“To 2011, of course. And to me finally getting rid of that ridiculous hat,” Sherlock says pointing over towards the greyish hat hanging on the hall-stand.
After a small eternity, Sherlock stops playing and opens his eyes. John quickly looks away and clears his throat, trying to conceal the fact that he spent the last couple of minutes staring at Sherlock.
“We should go now. The reservation’s at eight.”
“That’s not what I was thinking about.” And it’s true. But now that John
He went to his room and picked up the suit he hadn’t noticed before. The dark fabric felt wonderful in his hands and John wondered why the suit didn’t seem familiar to him.
“I know that’s what it’s like for you. But that’s not what it’s like for me! And you know what? I could never forget you, John. If anyone extracted my brain from my body they’d find you engraved all over it! There’s no way I could ever forget you.”
But just because Sherlock knows that they cannot be together, doesn’t mean he can choose not to love John.
“That’s not the end of the world; that’s John,” Sherlock states matter-of-factly.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.” John tilts his head forward and places a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Let me make the breakfast for once.”
Sherlock continues narrating the events of their life. Somehow he imagined it would be a mere enumeration of facts to him, but it’s not. Once he explains that Mary and her unborn child both died during the delivery, John stiffens and Sherlock sees his left hand clench into a fist. Sherlock wants to do something, anything, to help John. He wants to erase the pain from John’s face, the pain of having lost a family he doesn’t even remember. He wants to take John’s face in his hands and promise him that everything will be alright. Expect he can’t promise that. Sherlock cannot begin to understand how hard it must be to be going through all of this again, even through a narration. He’s not sure whether it’s not too much for John to take, but he wants to get it over with.
“Well, there seems to be some sort of connection between us. I knew he was in danger – it turned out he was about to take a damn pill that could’ve killed him – so I went to where he was and… saved his life. ”
“Oh god, Sherlock –“
“We’ll figure this out, I’m sure of it.”
“Please, John, forgive me… for all the hurt that I caused you.” Sherlock folds his hands together, practically begging now. If John is really going to die, he needs to know that Sherlock has regretted leaving him the moment he shut the Inn door in Dartmoor.
the bomb.
Greg calls Sherlock a week later, begging him to help him out on a case. Apparently, a man had been found dead three days ago in his garden pond with high levels of alcohol in his bloodstream. His lungs were full of water and his face was grey; his inability to swim had obviously cost him his life. Everything pointed at a tragic accident, but the victim’s wife is convinced that her brother-in-law killed her husband. The brother, Keith Downing, however, has a cast iron alibi. Sherlock was unsure what to do; one the one hand he craved a new case, on the other he had promised to only resume working once John’s memories were back. When John overheard his conversation with Lestrade, he encouraged Sherlock to take it and offered to come along.
“Yes!”
“What can I do to help him remember?”
If Mycroft knew about Sherlock’s inability to defend himself, he’d never hear the end of it. Maybe drowning is the better option.
Without leaving his eyes from John, he gets up to his full height again and takes a step forward. He swallows hard, and tries to convey with his eyes what any word of the English language would fail to do.
“It turned out rather nicely indeed. I just have to make one small addition, and it should be perfect.”
“James has had a difficult life. I did it for his sake and for Thomas’!” Mr. Saltire shouts.
He can see the detective’s mind slowly returning to the present. “Y... yes, John. I felt it, too. That was – “
John actually managed a smile.
He doesn’t even realise whispering Sherlock’s name, until an animalistic howl interrupts the steadiness of his voice. It’s a sound unlike anything John has ever heard, causing a shiver to run down his spine. His steps turn into a run in the search of his companions, but they’ve left the trail, making it unable for John to see either of them. John tries to sense whether Sherlock’s in any danger, but he can’t fully focus on their bond with the adrenaline rushing through his veins. Another howl fills the air, and John is blinded with fear. He runs towards the moor as fast as his legs allow, his lungs already burning from the cold of the night. Finally, after what feels like an eternity, he can see the shadows of two men stumbling back towards the trail a few metres away. John doesn’t miss the expression of horror on Sherlock’s face once he reaches him.
I stop and turn to look at Sherlock. He seems frozen, unable to move or speak. His mouth is half open and his face reminds me a lot of when he first found out he was my best friend.
But that’s not the main reason why I thought about updating the blog with old cases. I avoid thinking about it, but I am afraid of forgetting Sherlock and our time together. I’ve been noticing it lately, especially ever since the daily nightmares stopped, that I can sometimes only hear the sound of his voice distantly, as if it was merely an echo. It’s fading from my memory. I’ll always remember how he looked like (I’ve even got a bunch of paparazzi photos to remind me) but it’s the little things that are gradually fading – his annoyed
“I, er, had to help someone.”
“So, where were we?” John asks after they part. He slowly crawls back down, then pulls down Sherlock’s trousers and pants with a quick motion, unable to stop a gasp from escaping his lips at the sight of Sherlock’s length.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked. For the first time in a long while, his mind was blank. Why had Rosie lied to him about John’s whereabouts? Was this some kind of intervention the two of them had planned because of the toes in the freezer?
“An experiment?!”
The forensics team is already working on the car Sherlock mentioned. With Sherlock by his side, they walk over to the crime scene, and John realises again how natural it feels to be in the tall man’s company. Sherlock demands for a blood sample to be sent to the lab before starting to analyse every inch of the car. John stays next to him with crossed arms, eager to watch the forthcoming deductions. He’s had the pleasure of witnessing Sherlock deduce a crime scene once before, back in January. His ability to read people and situations like open books fascinated John from the very first minute. The way his long body moves over the items presented to him reminds John of a curious gazelle. Sherlock must be able to see things that nobody else does; his mind working like an ever-going engine. Watching Sherlock deduce, John wonders not for the first time what it must be like to see the world through his eyes.
After Mike and I say our goodbyes, because he had to return to one of his classes and I had to pretend to have an important appointment, I take the tube back to the flat. On my way, I keep thinking about the guy I just encountered. Sherlock Holmes. It’s a silly name, actually, like from another century. He was quite arrogant, now that I’m thinking about it. The way he told the woman that her mouth looked too small, and how he basically told me that my limp was psychosomatic. That’s not something you normally say to someone you just met. He’s probably mad. But he was also strangely likeable, somehow. I keep wondering how he knew so much about my life, I’m usually very closed off when it comes to the relationship with my sister (at least he got something wrong). It’s intriguing. I will definitely look at the flat with him, tomorrow. I think we could work as flatmates. Sometimes you meet someone and you just know that you’ll get along, and, for some reason, I think we will.
Okay, I’m starting to get why Sherlock would think that. In the past, I reminded everyone I met about my heterosexuality. But I thought he understood that that was more of a defence mechanism. Sherlock is the most intelligent man in the world, after all. Apart from that, I’m not the same man I was six bloody years ago. Maybe I should talk to him about that. If that’s the reason he’s afraid of Rosie calling him Papa, I should repeat that it’s not a problem for me. That’s the least I can do.
I frown at her. What’s that supposed to mean? Does she think I want to meet women at a graveyard? The thought seems absurd, but then again, Molly works at the morgue, so she might have different views on the topic. Suddenly it hits me that she was probably on her way to the cemetery just now.
he wants Sherlock to say. His gaze wanders down to Sherlock’s lips, and he has to physically stop himself from just stepping forward and kissing him.
“Oh no, thank you, I’m fine. I was just looking for –“
“Okay, that was ridiculous,” John pants, still trying to catch his breath. He leans back further against the cold wall of Sherlock’s flat at 221B Baker Street. His tall companion is right next to him, his breath still heightened as well.
“Mary? Please believe me when I say I’m not going to see him again. I love you, and I’m not –“
“It’s okay if you don’t want it, yet. I can place it back into the drawer, it was a stupid idea anyway,” Sherlock says. What the hell was he thinking? They’ve only been back together for a week.
“Eh, okay.” I climb out of bed and reach for the bedroom door. “But you can only have the salt sea spray,” I murmur, still half-asleep.
“You’ll know what I mean once you meet him. I had Mycroft book us two rooms in an Inn close to town so we should be able to visit Henry later today.”
“I called Mycroft yesterday and he told me about it. Otherwise I would never have returned, I swear,” he continues, staring at John with an unreadable expression.
It still feels weird to call 221B home, even after half a year. The flat felt much more like home when he wasn’t living there but Sherlock was.
“Because he could’ve helped you, or, in this case, die with you. But I know you, Mr. Holmes. You and I are quite alike. We’re both lonely wolves, wandering through the night. We don’t need dogs following us around, slobbering us with their words of praise. We’re better off alone.”
“Oh, well, we’re not…” Husbands? Lovers? Two guys who have spent the last seven years together and now raise a child together? I can feel Sherlock’s stare on my back.
, though. Would you mind if I came along tomorrow?”
“Too bad that we’re not... that sounds like a useful thing,” she finally replies.
“Sure, Sherlock. I’ve been spending so much time pitying myself that I haven’t even thought about what you’ve gone through in the last couple of days. C’me here.”
“Okay. Sherlock, just one more thing. Have you ever been interested in anyone in that way?”
“You know him, Sherlock?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I didn’t forget it – I deleted it. You know how my mind works, John. I only keep the important data.”
“The same goes for the basement door. You literally can’t open it without the proper code. The thief must be someone close to Mr Bellinger. Maybe one of the staff…”
For a reason Sherlock doesn’t quite understand, he finds himself facing a serial killer with a toy gun and two bottles at Roland-Kerr College two days after finding out he’s been wrong about one thing all his life. Two days since he last saw John in the hallway of Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He’s been trying to tell himself that it’s for the best that John doesn’t want to see or talk to him anymore. At least this way Sherlock can continue The Work without anyone interfering or stopping him from doing potentially dangerous things.
“I see.... No I don’t. What am I seeing?”
He has returned to the table, now typing away on a laptop. “I play the violin when I’m thinking, sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” He finally looks up and gives me a quick smile.
“Wow, John, you really shouldn’t overdo it before we actually get married. Otherwise I will have too high expectations.” She smiles at me and takes the coffee mug out of my hand.
“Sshh, it’s okay. You’re going to be okay, John.”
At least with that, Jeanette was right. And there’s a reason for that. Before Sherlock entered my life one year ago today, I was a mess. He turned my life around, gave me something worth living for again. He changed everything. Solving crimes with Sherlock, watching crap telly in the evening, ordering Chinese food, playing Cluedo and laughing at his ridiculous conclusions, drinking tea with Mrs. Hudson and going to the pub with Mike or Lestrade is everything I could have ever hoped for. It’s what I want to do for the rest of my life. I think about what my life looked like only a year ago and realise how happy I am today.
“That feeling is mutual,” he manages to get out after a while. Sherlock’s eyes are full of honesty, and all of a sudden John is sure that Sherlock
“We’ve had worse evenings.”
In 2017, the pieces finally fall together for our confused John ;)
They must have been standing like this for a while, enveloped in each others’ arms, John’s head leaning against Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock’s head slightly resting on John’s, before they finally part.
John sighs audibly. “Yes.”
One day in mid November, Sherlock can’t take it any longer and decides to spy on his husband. He knows this might be considered morally wrong, but he’s never really cared much about morals, anyway. When John is in the shower, Sherlock tiptoes past the bathroom into the bedroom and searches for the phone. He finds it not on the nightstand where John would usually place it, but in the drawer. Curious. Sherlock sits down on the bed and quickly flips through John’s messages. Apart from a few texts from Harry, Stamford and Lestrade, there’s a horrible amount of text messages from someone named ‘Linda’. Sherlock’s stomach turns upon opening them. He scrolls up and starts reading at a random point.
“So you did understand,” he replied.
“I guess it could work.”
“Well, technically everyone does.” John clears his throat. “Most just fail to find each other.” Sherlock can tell that it bothers the married man more than he’d like to admit that he hasn’t found his, either.
“You’re cold, aren’t you?”
Sherlock, however, doesn’t seem to share John’s enthusiasm of their reunion – and walks straight past him.
“Oh, yeah, I completely forgot about the crib. Er, sure, I mean if you’re okay with it. It’s Friday, so I’m free tomorrow anyway.” I shrug with my shoulders and pretend it’s not a big deal. It really shouldn’t be, but somehow it is.
“Bit different from my day.” I can’t help myself from saying.
John doesn’t have time to wonder what the hell that’s supposed to mean, because the waitress arrives asking if John and his boyfriend would like some desert. As usual, Sherlock doesn’t comment on it. John decides that she probably wouldn’t believe his protest anyway, and remains silent.
“This is an old friend of mine, John Watson,” Mike explains. The guy isn’t even looking anymore. He’s typing away on my phone with quick fingers.
“If you want to tell her we’re married, I’m on board. But we need to make it transparent to her that it’s not permanent. Maybe we could tell her that a wish made upon a star only lasts a limited amount of time.”
John stares from the gate separating them from the horse back to Sherlock. “How the hell are we supposed to do that?”
“Oh, I’m so sorry but I actually just finished eating with Sherlock.” I clear my throat. “I’ll be home in a minute okay?”
Fatherhood had changed him, although he’d never willingly admit it. It had made him settle down in a way John had never thought possible, and it had made him love another human being with all his heart. Sherlock cared for Rosie so deeply that it sometimes still baffled John.
I wanted to make this chapter extra fluffy because we all know what John's about to go through in the next two years...
“Okay, but we were supposed to buy some furniture and decorate the nursery today.” Mary sits up in bed and strokes her belly.
“Huhu! Sherlock, there’s a m– “
“John? Should we start?” Sherlock looks at me expectantly.
I can’t help but think back to the first time he proposed it, two weeks ago. He behaved strangely on that tarmac, the way he chose the words made it seem like he was gonna say something completely different, something that would’ve made me freak out completely. Of course I found out later that he was as high as a kite, which probably explained his behaviour, but in the last few weeks I found myself wondering frequently what he had really meant to say, nonetheless.
“Good morning,” Sherlock says and scans John with his eyes. When John looks at him without a spark in his eyes, Sherlock loses all hope that John was magically cured overnight.
He knows it’s a bit not good that he ran off to the one person his wife just asked him to see less of, but he can’t help it. After Mary stormed off, he briefly considered calling Harry or Mike, but they probably both had other plans. He didn’t want to start the New Year with the telly and self-pity either, and his feet brought him to the comfort of Baker Street almost automatically. Besides, prior to their conversation he was going to ask Mary if they could invite Sherlock anyway. And now, after one of the biggest fights in his marriage so far, he needs his best friend.
“It’s okay, John. You don’t have to say that.”
“No,” he murmurs into the nape of my neck. “I’ve waited… seven years.”
“Yes, I have, haven’t I?” John pauses, the words apparently sinking in. “I... I did it to save you. And he wasn’t a very nice man.”
Sherlock blinked at him. Could this be real? Could everything he had ever wanted be true after all these years?
“I’m sorry, I’m not sure I understand?”
Although, he thought, reconsidering, did he really want Sherlock to have
John shifts his weight from one foot to the other, clearly uncomfortable. “I... I still don’t remember anything, Sherlock. But I – I was at the pub the other day with Greg. We’re actually getting along quite well. He’s told me more things about my old life. Anyway, he asked me about my plans for Christmas, since that’s a holiday you usually spend with your loved ones. And when I thought about the answer I realised I want to spend it with you.”
I don’t want to wake up. I shift around in bed and politely ask the voice to shut up.
“Oh, come on, you know he’d do anything for you.”
“We should keep our distance from the edge.”
“Look, Sherlock, I’m not saying this because it’s an obligation or something. I want to spend time with you.” I smile at him and try to convey what words fail to do.
“It doesn’t bother me. “John realises the lie once the words are out. It
When he enters the kitchen in his wine coloured dressing gown, John is busy setting up the table, but looks up and pauses upon seeing Sherlock nonetheless. It smells of eggs, toast, tea and the Christmas tree John insisted on putting up.
John almost spills his whiskey. He stares at Sherlock, who takes another sip of his drink, apparently unaware of the innuendo.
“Jake, look, this isn’t going to be easy for you,” she sighs. I wonder whether we should give them some privacy but as we’re all still standing in the doorway, I don’t know where Sherlock and I could go. I look at Sherlock who doesn’t seem concerned.
“John, you know that I deleted most information about the solar system. Does it really surprise you that I do not happen to know some infamous person who does sports for a living?” He responds.
“I’ll fill you in on the way.”
All of a sudden John comes closer, his expression shifted from relief to something different, something that makes Sherlocks knees turn weak again. The blue in John’s eyes is so deep that Sherlock is on the verge of getting lost in them, but then John licks his lips, causing Sherlock’s eyes to shoot down. Without another thought, Sherlock closes the remaining distance between them and kisses John.
“Well, if you are so eager to find out I think you look a –” “Sherlock!” John interrupts him. “Look!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, exactly. You see, that night two days ago I found out that we’re... that he’s my – person.” Saying it out loud for the first time makes it so much more real. There’s no way to take it back now; to let it rest in the peace of oblivion.
“Do you know the big problem with a disguise, Mr. Holmes?” Miss Adler resumes. “However hard you try, it’s always a self-portrait.”
“No,” Greg says, crossing his arms. “There are no side tunnels, no maintenance tunnels, the train never stops. But somehow this bloke got off. And there’s more… the driver of the train hasn’t been to work since; according to his flatmate, he’s on holiday.”
“Not precisely. I helped him install an Ikea shelf.”
“Still a bit grumpy, are we? Don’t worry; you’ll be rid of me in half an hour.”
Sherlock looked at him as if John had just insulted his entire existence.
“I meant to tell you so many times, but I didn’t want to ruin our friendship. Are you mad at me?”
“I’d humbly disagree, but I think we don’t have much time for chatting now. I’d like to introduce you to something, anyway.” He violently pulls Sherlock up to his feet, which sends a jolting pain through his leg.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but Mary wants us to spend Christmas with her friends in Edinburgh. She says we might even have snow on Christmas Eve,” John says, walking straight up to the sofa at 221B and sinking into it with a long sigh.
Even though he doesn’t take his eyes off the microscope in front of him, he can feel Stamford staring at him.
“’xcuse me, are you my doctor?” he asks while trying to lift his left hand. He manages to reach for Sherlock’s hand on his forehead and slowly takes it. Their wedding bands make a little
“Don’t be ridiculous, John.”
“Didn’t you like it?”
Sherlock stops reading. He notices that his vision has blurred and he’s not sure whether it’s the anger or tears blinding his vision. So John has been flirting with a woman; he even wants to meet up with her. His heart sinks even deeper into his chest when Sherlock realises that John has already given up on their marriage. Maybe he’s given up on his memories, too. He’s probably glad not to remember that he’s ever been married to a man. If that’s the case, Sherlock should do the right thing and let him go. It’s what he owes John; allow him a fresh start with that Linda woman and free him from the chains of their marriage.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his body already glowing with anticipation. “The game is on.”
“Okay, fine.” John gets up from his chair and lifts it, placing it closer to Sherlock’s and sitting back down.
“Wher’ve you been?” she whispers, her voice thick with sleep.
“That’s alright, I can excuse you. You stay at home and get some rest.”
Rosie slowly crawled off John’s lap and moved closer to Sherlock, who put his arm around her shoulder. John watched, still wondering after all those years how he could be so lucky. He leaned closer to Rosie and pressed a kiss onto her forehead, his cheek almost brushing Sherlock’s arm.
“Wait a second... is the Queen still alive? And who’s the president of the United States? Oh god, I can’t believe I’ve missed the last ten years of my life!”
I turn around. The girl from the store smiles at me. After work, I needed to get to a baby market to make sure Sherlock and I can actually put up something for the nursery. Upon entering the shop, I immediately regretted coming. “Yeah, I’m looking for a crib, actually.”
“Forgive you for what happened in Dartmoor, or for leaving me?”
“I’d probably kiss you,” John said, staring straight ahead. Heat was rising to his face and he didn’t dare look at Sherlock again.
“A shirt and my scarf will make do,” Sherlock interrupts his thought process.
“I can’t do this anymore, John. Now that I know what I can have with you, I can’t possibly go back to just being friends again. To see you with other women again – it nearly killed me before and I don’t think I would survive it this time.”
“Papa, Daddy? Can I ask you something?”
John closes the door without replying and immediately shivers. It has started to rain outside, and the cold winter air leaves the free skin of his neck in goose-bumps. He quickly turns the coat collar up against the wind and heads for the railway station. In summer he often cycles to work, but the British winter weather has made that unbearable a couple of months ago. The closeness to work was one of the reasons why he and Mary decided to buy the house in 2006, not even half a year after their first encounter. When she was introduced as the new nurse at his clinic, something between them had just clicked. They started dating in October of 2006 and got married after a rushed engagement in the summer of the following year. The only down-side to their otherwise perfect suburban London life is the fact that they’re not each other’s persons – their souls are not bonded by fate.
“I’m going to Sherlock’s actually.”
Sherlock gasps a little when their lips touch, and John immediately pulls him closer. Sherlock’s lips are soft and perfect, and of course the prat is fantastic at kissing, just like he is at everything else he does. John parts his lips and slides his tongue against Sherlock’s, who reacts with a slight moan. Suddenly John’s hands are in Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock’s body is crowded in between John’s legs and the innocent kiss has turned into something more passionate. And it’s not enough anymore. He pulls Sherlock up and together they stumble out of the living room and into Sherlock’s bedroom, where John shows his flatmate how much he means to him.
“Too late,” Irene whispers loud enough for them to hear.
Excuse m – Sherlock?! What are you doing here?”
“Guys, you might want to continue this at home where half of Scotland Yard and the bomb disposal department aren’t watching,” he says with a wide grin on his face.
“Mike’s not in town, actually. Molly is busy with her paper and Greg is on holiday with his kids.”
He types back with slow fingers, silently cursing himself for never learning it properly.
“Since when did you become an expert on sarcasm?”
It will get more creative and interesting, I promise ;)
let John die.
John gives him a quick glance and clears his throat before stepping into the bathroom himself. Sherlock decides to lay down and get under the huge floral printed blanket for two. He waits and listens as John brushes his teeth and puts on his sleeping clothes. John returns in his pajama bottoms which Sherlock has seen before many times but doesn’t remember ever looking so thrilling. He’s also wearing a white muscle shirt, which is quite unusual for him. Sherlock finds that he has to swallow for some reason.
) without hitting his elbows on the walls. When he gets back to the bedroom, he feels slightly nervous. He hasn’t shared a bed with anyone since he was on a family trip to the beach, where he had to spend too much time with his annoying little cousin, whom he had chosen over Mycroft to share a room with. It ended horribly. However, he has certainly never shared a bed with John Watson.
“I know that it’s not the two of us against the rest of the world anymore, John.” Somehow he looks vulnerable, even hurt. I feel something tighten in my chest.
“Okay,” John replies before an awkward silence stretches between them. Should he leave now? Technically, they’re done with the crime scene for today – even though John isn’t sure that his “help” was required – but they haven’t been out for a long time, yet. He could still accompany Sherlock home, maybe check out his flat to ease his curiosity. He isn’t sure whether Sherlock wants him to, though.
“Well, you know what I think about it.”
When they part, there’s a small smile on Mary’s lips.
“Well, that was close,” I say.
“I don’t know, Sherlock,” John sighed. He took a gulp of wine and started fizzling with the bottle’s etiquette. “Look, I think if we don’t let her have her wish she’ll be sad, and if we do grant her the wish she’ll be sad once we tell her the truth… it’s awful either way. What do you think?”
“That’s alright, I will do that. You go and – ” She gives me a questioning look. I realise I haven’t told her why I needed her to watch Rosie today.
“Well, when we became flatmates, I studied the texture of your jumpers, the percentage of grey and blond hairs on your scalp and the responses you had to my dressing gowns, among other things. But these were just the calculable, obvious things. Even though I’ve spent so much time by your side, you still remain a mystery to me. That’s what I always found so intriguing about you. You’re like the double side of a coin: you’re a doctor, which means that you heal people, but you’re also a soldier; on the first glance one might find you an average looking man, but upon closer look you’re the complete opposite of ordinary; you have a warm heart and always care about others, but you’re also brave and strong and protective. You’ve saved my life so many times with your gun; but even more times with your heart.”
“Er, if you want we can discuss this another time?” I ask while getting up from the sofa and depositing my empty boxes in the bin. I feel guilty. This is the first time Sherlock started to open up a bit, and now I’m leaving. I return to the living room to find him still sitting on the couch.
John, undoing Sherlock’s belt and unzipping his trousers, grins. “It’s not like I’ve never done it before,” he replies, hoping that Sherlock gets the mirroring of his own words from so long ago.
to be.
Sherlock interrupts his thoughts by holding two empty glasses in front of his face. John takes them and fills them with the golden liquor. He hands one of them two Sherlock who touches his glass against John’s. John doesn’t think they ever shared a bottle of whiskey before.
It’s 3 o’clock when Molly arrives and I’ve just finished doing the dishes. Rosie is currently in her bouncy chair and enjoys bouncing around. She needs to be put to sleep in a couple of minutes before she doesn’t sleep, at all. I open the door for Molly who seems genuinely happy to babysit Rosie again.
“While I do agree that you occasionally are, I do not see how you’ve come to the conclusion that I – “
Before I can finish the question, a woman in a lab coat enters the room and hands the guy a cup of coffee. She looks nice, a bit shy maybe, with brown hair and an innocent smile on her lips.
“What did you have in mind?”
“Where are we going?”
“Are you a chemist?” he asks.
When John was dressed a couple of minutes later, he eyed himself in the mirror. The suit was a perfect fit, as John had expected. He buttoned up the last shirt sleeve and wondered why he felt so nervous. The three of them went out for dinner all the time, so there was nothing particularly new about this.
“I can make amends for your accommodation. Where do you wish to run off to?”
Sherlock lets out a deep breath that comes out as a sob. This is horrible. The chances for John’s recovery are high, but that was probably the exact same thought of the relatives of those 11% too.
They ended up spending the first day of their vacation at a large playground in Greenwich with fantastic weather and lots of laughter. In the evening, Rosie was so exhausted from playing all day that John had to carry her upstairs and put her to bed at 7 p.m.
“It’s fine. She can sleep in those for one night. She’s perfect, isn’t she?
Sherlock swallowed. The whole month he had thought that John had seen the engraving on the first day and simply ignored it, either because he didn’t understand it or because he didn’t reciprocate Sherlock’s feelings, which had seemed a lot more likely.
John’s mouth dropped open. Had Sherlock actually bought them wedding bands?!
“Use your mind palace,” John suddenly says. “You’ve salted away every fact under the sun.”
He can’t believe how bloody stupid they both were. They wasted so much time, but in the end it doesn’t even matter. All that matters is that they are finally together.
When neither Rosie nor Sherlock came down the stairs giggling five minutes later, John started to worry. If Sherlock had planned to go out with Rosie tonight, he would have texted John. John quickly fished his phone out of his pocket but there was no text from Sherlock.
Once John emerges from his hospital room, he almost looks like himself again. Sherlock is so relieved to see him standing and walking and just living again that he almost forgets that John doesn’t remember him. He takes a step forward to kiss him but stops himself in the last instance.
“Well, I thought we could go to the park again. Rosie really seemed to like the swing last time. Do you want to come?”
Sherlock looks up from the envelope. With one quick nod of agreement their evening plans are settled. John, who intended to spend a quiet night with Sherlock chatting and maybe getting revenge on Cluedo, feels the adrenaline in his veins. The weight of the sig rests reassuringly in his coat pocket. The game is on.
“Hey, oh where’s my little baby girl?” she asks, her eyes scanning the flat.
“So you aren’t with your person, then?” It sounds more like a statement than a question.
“Yes, thank you. Have a nice weekend.”
After dinner, they sit down on the sofa to watch some telly. John has been particularly enjoying torturing Sherlock with James Bond movies since he lost his memories. If Sherlock had known beforehand how many of these dull films existed he never would’ve agreed to a James Bond marathon. But John seems to enjoy it and that’s enough reason for Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond when Rosie said “It’s a surprise, Daddy!”
“Why did you never tell me that?” Mr. Simon looks horrified. I’m starting to get a bad feeling as to where the conversation is heading.
“I don’t think John knows where to look,” Sherlock replies for him, handing Miss Adler his coat.
“Oh, of course. Do you want me to accompany you?” Mike smiles at him, and John feels another stab of guilt.
Sherlock has always been aware of the fact that he wants John around him constantly, that he wants to be the sole focus of John’s attention. But so far, he assumed that it was the nature of a deep friendship, combined with the fact that John is his person, that drove him to these impulses. Right from the beginning of their acquaintance, Sherlock has been intrigued by John. The ex-army doctor was by far the most interesting man he met in a long time, if not ever. Something between them just clicked, and Sherlock never knew anyone whose company he so deeply appreciated, even longed for. After their initial time apart, John became his colleague, then friend, then best friend. The more he got to know him, the more he remained a mystery to Sherlock. Realising that his person wasn’t just a good-looking doctor, but in fact a kind and incredibly brave man, made Sherlock’s chest feel oddly warm inside. Now, after almost a year of knowing him, Sherlock finds that there are still more parts of John he’d like to discover. Being his best friend – even being his person – doesn’t seem enough anymore.
If Sherlock isn’t at least fighting for his life, John will make sure he has to.
“… and…” I sigh. This is tougher than I thought. I look up at Sherlock and stare into his deep green eyes. For some reason he looks more vulnerable than ever. Does he really not know?
He brings his fingers to the sides of his face, screwing his eyes shut. He struggles to go through his mind palace so quickly, but John’s encouraging words help. The folder titled ‘Explosives’ contains all the basic information on different chemicals involved, on the process of creating a bomb from scratch, on the physics Leó Szilárd, Albert Einstein and Eugene Wigner, who basically invented them, and on a case in Switzerland involving the largest amount of explosives ever used for a terrorist attack. There’s nothing on bomb defusal, however.
When the ringing finally resounds with the door, Sherlock oddly feels something twist in chest.
“Oh John, you’re here, that’s good. Maybe you can tell me about this man’s authority to sell chips if he clearly has no idea about the most basic European types?”
“I… I realise that I didn’t reciprocate what you said before…”
Sherlock doesn’t respond. He wonders why he doesn’t want John to figure it out. He also wonders since when John became so inquisitive.
He suddenly stops. “Did I do it wrong?”
When he’s finished, he opens his eyes and turns around to see John standing in the living room, with wet hair and the same towel wrapped around him, his eyes wide and his mouth open.
“In dubio pro reo,” Lestrade replies.
“Er, look, Sherlock, we have to be rational about this, okay? Let’s just stick to what we know, yes? Stick to the facts.” John’s voice, now soft and tender, has a soothing effect. Sherlock takes another shaky breath.
John scans his friend’s body frantically, taking off his own wet shirt to put pressure on Sherlock’s leg. The bleeding stops after a couple of seconds – luckily the bullet isn’t inside the flesh anymore. Apart from the leg wound, Sherlock’s got red wrists and feet where the cuffs are still rubbing against his white skin – nothing a bit of healing salve can’t fix. John relaxes a bit. He can’t help anger rushing past the relief of seeing Sherlock alive.
“I’ll show you the way,” Sherlock explains and guides John out of the hospital, towards the cab already waiting for them. Sherlock holds the door open for John and double checks whether he has buckled his seat belt before fastening his own. He tells the driver to drop them off at 221B Baker Street and sees John’s questioning expression in the seat next to him.
If he has to, he will wait a lifetime for his return.
“- and I just wanted to make sure you were alright.”
“Oh, okay.” She seems surprised, but mainly relieved. “And you helped him earlier? How come?”
I stare at the phone for a second. Sometimes I still can’t believe that he’s really back. That he’s alive and texting me from our - his flat at Baker Street. I can’t keep myself from grinning. He basically just offered me the perfect opportunity to ask him.
“I actually thought he would self-declare his position as best man the minute we got engaged. He’s probably just being polite and waiting for you to ask.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” I reply, and finally turn around.
On Christmas morning, Sherlock wakes up in John’s arms. He’s completely sprawled out on top of him, his face tucked underneath John’s chin, his lips close to John’s neck. When he hears John waking up, he lifts his head and looks down at the sleepy face beneath him. John slowly opens his eyes and starts to grin as soon as he sees Sherlock.
What had Mummy once told him about panic attacks? ‘Take a deep breath – in through the nose, out through the mouth. Close your eyes if it helps. You’re going to be okay.’ Sherlock tries following through with the steps, but his mind is still swirling.
“Apparently, so did your son. He told you everything, because the murder was too much for his poor soul. But you, you didn’t want to ruin your precious reputation or cause a scandal so you withheld the information from the police. You wanted Thomas to stay at the inn until you found a convenient solution.”
After breakfast, Sherlock explains his plan to John. John seems eager to get his memories back and suggests they go to Bart’s right away. When they’re standing in the lab where they first met, the significance only reveals itself to one of them. John looks around and inspects the room, but sadly shakes his head when Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him questioningly. They even visit the morgue, where Molly introduces herself to John with a joke that’s a bit out of place, but John laughs anyway. She offers Sherlock to come over whenever he needs help with something that John used to do (cleaning the flat, for example), and Sherlock is thankful for having her as a friend. When the morgue doesn’t ring any bells to John, Sherlock takes him to the park where John had proposed to him on the tenth of April in 2018.
“I think we can walk. The restaurant’s not far.”
“Was that… alright?” I ask.
Sherlock turns around slightly, causing John to see his long fingers flying over the violin, almost too fast for his eyes to see. His head is tilted in order to hold the instrument in place, his long arm moves up and down with the bow in hand. Sherlock’s eyes are closed, and the expression on his face is of pure relaxation. It’s different from his mind-palace face, less stressed but also more focused, and suddenly John thinks that Sherlock has never looked more beautiful. He wishes he could take a picture of this moment and frame it in his mind.
“Mycroft? Do you know where he is?”
Sherlock hears the desperation in John’s tone. If John knew that his amnesia was Sherlock’s fault, he’d probably leave him before Sherlock had the chance to make him fall in love with him again. Better keep that information for later when the John was back who knew how much of an idiot Sherlock was and still loved him.
Sherlock swiftly turns around and focuses his attention to his husband. “You got me a present.”
He didn’t change much in the flat, only added a couple of his things to the bedroom. This way, it still seems as if Sherlock lives there. After the first couple of weeks, however, Sherlock’s scents started to dissolve, causing John to cross the boundaries of privacy and opening Sherlock’s wardrobe one desperate Sunday afternoon. At first, he only breathed in the distinct mixture of washing powder and Sherlock’s cologne before closing the doors abruptly, feeling ashamed of himself. Then, when the pain became too unbearable, he started to touch the silky dressing gowns inside, letting the soft fabric run through his hands like liquid. Now, he finds himself taking one of Sherlock’s closing items out of the wardrobe in order to smell them properly more frequently than he’d ever admit. But even the clothing scents decreased over time, and the only things left from Sherlock are his items themselves. John has been clinging onto them like a squirrel to its last nut; he already finished half of Sherlock’s science magazines, even though he regularly falls asleep whilst reading.
John tries to give her his best assuring doctor look. Finally, she seems convinced.
“Look, she can call you Papa if she wants to, it’s fine by me.”
“Well, I guess they’re – no, wait.” Sherlock is startled. There are no cows, why are there no cows?
With a frustrated sigh, John enters the flat and looks for Mrs. Hudson, who doesn’t seem to be home, before he goes upstairs to take a pain killer. He usually spends his evenings with crap telly or reading, the structure of his daily routine providing him with tasks after work that make his free time more bearable. He heads towards the fridge without reading the piece of paper clung onto it. He reads the letter every morning after getting up, the words of Sherlock never failing to calm his racing mind. He heats up the remains of the take-away he got yesterday and sits down on the kitchen table, picking at the chicken breast. There won’t be anything of interest on the TV tonight, so he sits down in his armchair after dinner with one of Sherlock’s Agatha Christie novels. He skims through several pages but his thoughts start to drift off to Sherlock again.
“See? Now we can all dance together!” She smiled and took John’s hand into her free one.
That cheeky bastard, John thinks.
“You’re beautiful, love.”
“Do you want to eat?” he asks John.
It’s enough for Sherlock to step forward, take John’s face into his hands and kiss him. The kiss is demanding and messy and wet, and it’s all Sherlock has ever wanted. He can’t believe that John still wants to be with him, even though he doesn’t remember the countless quiet evenings at Baker Street, the chases through London that cured his limp, or the dance lessons behind closed curtains. John doesn’t remember that Sherlock faked his own death for him, destroyed his reputation, his job and nearly his whole life for John. He doesn’t even remember their first kiss, the first sleepless night or the first time he called Sherlock his husband. And yet he wants to be with him anyway. The knowledge only makes Sherlock pull John closer with no intention of ever letting go.
John is sitting in the filled subway, stretching out his legs to ease the pain of a long day at work. He starts massaging his temples in an attempt to stop the growing headache, but he’ll probably have to take a pain killer once he gets home.
John’s chuckles quickly turn into a proper laugh. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, but this is just too funny.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. Obviously not many people share his skills of deduction, but even Angelo should be able to see the gold wedding band on John’s finger that’s notable in its absence on Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock, that’s not what I was doing. It’s... complicated. My life has been a bloody mess these last couple of months and I don’t know what... I don’t know what I’m doing, okay? Can you understand that?” John presses his palms against his eyelids while talking, and Sherlock has to look away.
Even though there’s still a lot to figure out, I’m glad that we moved back here. Baker Street always felt like home to me, and since October I’ve been feeling a lot less lonely and a lot more content with my life. It may sound cheesy, but it’s where I belong. Mary’s flat was great, but it always felt more like Mary’s flat than my own. When she died, everything reminded me of her. It was like the flat was haunted by her somehow. I could never have gotten myself to bring a date to the flat, not that I would’ve wanted to. I haven’t dated anyone since Mary’s death. At first, the incident with Sherlock’s sister creeped the hell out of me, then I didn’t want to date anyone and now I want to date the wrong person.
“Yes, we should, actually. That would be lovely,” I say, and we settle on Thursday after work. Good. I can do this. It actually feels nice to have something to look forward to.
“Good morning” John says, bends forward and kisses him.
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“The phone only allows for two incorrect pin entries. With the third entry, the phone will be disabled permanently. I can’t type in every possible combination of these numbers to find out the correct one. Why didn’t I think of this before? Stupid, stupid.” After a minute of consideration, he continues: “I will have to go to Bart’s and work with their equipment. But not today.”
“I’m sorry for texting that woman, it was stupid. I wanted to find out whether that’s still what I wanted, I guess. But I couldn’t bring myself to meet her, not only out of guilt towards you but because I realised I didn’t want to.”
Sherlock nods with gleaming eyes. I focus on his cock and start to stroke it with my fingers. Sherlock is already completely hard. Before speeding up I take three fingers and place them into Sherlock’s mouth. His eyes widen but he obliges and closes his mouth around them. He sucks on them gently and swirls his tongue around them. I could almost be getting hard again just from that. I retrieve my fingers from his mouth and close them around his erection, trying to wet it. I stroke his cock again, this time using a firmer hand and quicker motions. I hope to imitate what I like to be done to me as best as possible. Sherlock seems to be enjoying it. His eyes are open and fixed on me, and he moans with a deep voice. I kiss him again and I can already feel his penis twitching in my hands.
“Let me just get out so you can use the toilet first,” John adds. He slips past Sherlock and brushes him with his arm while passing through the door.
Without waiting for a reply, he walks over to the living room table and opens the laptop. John follows him, trying to keep his composure. Greg presses play on a surveillance tape that shows a passenger entering a tube at Westminster. The next footage is the train arriving at St. James’s Park, completely empty. John is standing next to Sherlock, their eyes locked on the screen. Greg pauses the video on the passenger’s face.
“He’s the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I’ve ever been fortunate enough to meet. He’s the best man I’ve ever known,” he concludes.
“’Night, Sherlock.” I want to do something to show him my gratitude and try to hug him, but stop myself at last because I remember that we don’t hug each other (except during teary best man speeches) and instead end up patting him weirdly on the shoulder. He seems amused but doesn’t say anything and leaves. For a moment, I watch him leave into the dark night, until I get too cold and close the door behind me, the warmth of the flat engulfing me like a blanket.
“Oh my god, Sherlock, that was amazing.”
He’s smarter than he looks, Sherlock thinks.
“John, are you alright?”
“Well, I don’t want to get caught up on technicalities, but yes.”
I return to Baker Street and see Mrs. Hudson’s suitcases in the hallway. Apparently, she’s back from her trip and playing with Rosie. I knock on her door and see her sitting at the kitchen table with my daughter.
John laughs. “It’s a deer stalker, and you won’t be getting rid of it as long as I’m around.”
John clears his throat. “They are, aren’t they?”
How bloody right she was.
He hangs up before John has the chance to reply.
“I don’t know what you’re hinting at,” Sherlock has to admit.
“I know, love, Nanna is back.” I can see Mrs. Hudson’s bright smile at the mention of her nickname. We decided to introduce her as Nanna to Rosie, because a toddler couldn’t possibly call her ‘Mrs. Hudson’ as well.
“I know, and I understand why you did it.”
John looked at Sherlock to check whether the question was genuine. His mind started swirling with possible answers, none of which seemed appropriate.
John leaned closer, let go of Sherlock’s hands and gently touched the side of his face. It was only when he wiped away the tears that Sherlock realised he was crying. And suddenly, it was the most natural thing in the world to lean forward, close his eyes and kiss John. It was wonderful and amazing and everything that words fail to express.
John looked at him, his eyes wide. “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
After kissing John last night, how could he ever stay in the same place, breathe the same air as him knowing now what he’ll never have? How could he ever look at John again without wishing to kiss him? How could he ever talk about a random case with John when all he wants to say is how much he loves him? Sherlock blinks against the burning behind his eyelids, thinking about the single most perfect moment in his life. Although he can’t imagine the pain he’ll feel of being apart; he knows for sure that it can’t be worse than the pain of staying.
The police arrests Mr. Saltire for further questioning along with the inn-keeper for suspected murder. Thomas is found shortly afterwards in the cleaning chamber of the inn, exactly where Sherlock has seen him with his father and his half-brother James Wilder the previous night. As Dr. Huxtable explains while driving them to the station, James was found in his father’s mansion brewing over the possibilities to explain Thomas’ sudden re-appearance.
“Okay.”
Sherlock nods and places a hand on my shoulder. “It’s always been you, John Watson.”
For the next three weeks, Sherlock doesn’t feel anything. He doesn’t do anything, either. It takes up all his energy trying to ignore the pain of having lost John and of knowing that he’ll never be with him again. His husband left, and he hasn’t returned. It is what it is. He should learn to accept it and move on.
“How are you feeling today?”
“I assure you I haven’t been in contact with him.”
He can see that John’s clearly moved by his words, but he doesn’t say anything for a long time.
He shifts his body around until he faces Sherlock. He must be very close, as Sherlock can feel his warm breath against his own. It makes Sherlock slightly dizzy.
He doesn’t like to admit this outburst of human emotions, nor the mere presence of them in his rational mind; but if he’s going to tell one person, it would always be John.
John settles in his chair, trying to come up with different pronunciations for the word ‘demon’ in his mind. As usual, a comfortable silence starts to unfold between them. Sherlock closes his eyes, apparently already in his mind palace. John can see his eyes moving behind closed lids, probably reading articles or sorting through files or whatever it is his brilliant mind does in there. His heart-shaped lips are slightly parted, and his fingers are pressed underneath his chin. John could watch him all day.
“Since when do you care so much about what people think or say?” I ask.
Forty-five minutes later he returns to the living room, freshly showered and fully dressed. Sherlock, who’s still in the exact same spot on the sofa, glances at him.
“That I’ve loved you for longer than I can remember.”
“Why would I do that?”
Suddenly, Sherlock shifts forward out of his chair, until he’s on his knees in front of John. He places his arms on John’s armchair and comes alarmingly close.
My words seem to convince her, as she looks over her shoulder before nodding. She follows us into the cab and back to Mr. Simon’s flat. Her husband’s face goes white once he sees her, but as he tries to hug his wife she takes a step back.
It all goes down very quickly. Within seconds, the three men are lying on the ground – two guns pointed at them; one of them dead. Miss Adler, however, can’t keep her mouth shut.
“I’m sorry, what?” I ask when Mike doesn’t reply.
The gentle stab in my heart returns at his words. Of course he wouldn’t want anyone to think we were a couple, let alone become one. I clear my throat.
“Good, okay. You can call me any time when something happens with the case.” I hectically put on the coat that was lying over the side of the couch.
Something in Sherlock’s voice made John turn around. Sherlock was closer than he had expected. His eyes were scanning John’s face, searching for something John couldn’t quite grasp.
Sherlock grunts in response.
The words cut deeper than the wound in Sherlock’s leg. Miller has a point. Up until a couple of months ago, Sherlock always felt superior to everyone and everything. He didn’t need a companion for his work nor for his life. Since he met John, much of his old views have changed. In this case, however, he’s glad he didn’t bring John.
John lets out a puff of air. “Well you’re not gonna lay there in one of your suits.”
Stamford shakes his head slightly, his lips twisting up into a smile Sherlock doesn’t miss.
Henry joins John in trying to catch up with Sherlock. They must be looking like two fools, attempting to follow Sherlock’s large footsteps in the dark.
“Sherlock, there’s nothing wrong with being afraid.” John shifts forward in his chair again. “We all are, sometimes.”
For the first time since he’s known her, Sherlock is sure to see pure hatred in Mary’s expression, without her trying to conceal it.
“The – the telegrams!” is the only remark she manages to articulate. What telegrams? I try to grin but I still have no idea what she’s talking about.
What strikes me is that he tried to convince me of the lie he was telling.
He knows the answer before she shakes her head. “I’m not feeling like leaving the house today.”
When their lips finally met, John closed his eyes and felt the same sensation of falling that he had experienced the first time. Only this kiss was a lot more intense, demanding almost. John guided his hand around Sherlock’s neck and pulled him closer. Sherlock, who made a gasping sound in response, had one hand in John’s hair and the other around his torso. They kissed and kissed and kissed, and it was better than John could’ve ever dreamed of.
With a content smile on his face, John follows Sherlock back into the car. They arrive at the client’s house and John gets to know the person who’s responsible for his weekend trip. Albeit being an intelligent and nice fellow, Henry seems to be always on one’s guard, his eyes scanning his surroundings constantly. Being in his presence makes John feel weirdly paranoid as well. Over a cup of coffee, Sherlock reveals his plan to return to the moor at night, causing Henry’s already pale face to lighten a few shades.
“No, no, it’s just…” My eyes meet Sherlock’s and I let the sentence trail off.
Back in the cab, Sherlock is typing away on his phone with quick fingers. He smiles at the screen after receiving a reply and tells the taxi driver to drop us off at an address I’ve never heard of. I look at him questioningly, but Sherlock remains silent. We drive for a couple of minutes when the taxi drops us off at a side road. Sherlock tells the driver to wait for us and I follow Sherlock without asking.
“Yes, your son is at the
Maybe it was the fact that this was their first time going out to dinner wearing these rings. John stared at his ring for a while. After less than a day, it had felt like the ring had always been there.
The second he fell was the longest second of my life. I ran over to him immediately, but it was too late. I grabbed his wrist to feel for a pulse, but there wasn’t one. How could I have ever taken his pulse, his beating heart for granted? The moment I realised that he was… that he was gone, I fainted.
“ – Oh my god, John,” Sherlock interrupts.
“Is this too weird? We can leave if you want, but I’ve been meaning to try this steak for so long. I don’t want to waste the opportunity.”
“Sure. This experiment is quite frustrating. I think I need to take my mind off it for a while. Rosie is still asleep?”
“Are you kidding me? I’m afraid all the time!” John takes a sip of his beer, as if bracing himself for a long monologue. Sherlock notices that his own breathing is slowly returning to normal speed.
“He said you do that. He hasn’t even been here today, yet.”
Sherlock figured that John was beginning to doubt the affirmation of his reply, so he rushed out an answer.
“Thank you, John.”
Once the fire alarm finally tells Sherlock the location of the phone, they are interrupted by three armed Americans. One of them is aiming his gun at John, who has returned to the living room, his hands over his head. Sherlock’s stomach sinks to the floor at the sight.
“That’s not what you needed. You needed your triumph. It happens all the time when we fight. You just leave me alone with my thoughts, and you know how dangerous that can be, but you do it anyway.”
“Oh and John? I’m sure there are better times ahead of you, okay?”
He turns around to Mary once more. “I’m glad you’re over us already.”
Sherlock isn’t sure he understands her request correctly. Surely she can’t mean that. When he doesn’t reply, Mary continues.
(Matt Haig, How to stop time)
“Okay. I hope it won’t change anything between us.”
“He’s much more than that.”
“Irene – she flirted with you! Don’t tell me you didn’t notice.”
He dared to look up at Sherlock and was surprised at the lack of anger in his features. Sherlock seemed… confused.
Sherlock ends up calling Mycroft from the train. As usual, his plague of a brother deduces everything he needs to know within the span of 20 seconds.
“Some day you will.” His landlady smiles at him. “And I hope I will live to see it.”
“Do you want to do something else?” John asks.
“I know it’s fine.” Sherlock isn’t sure where this conversation is heading.
“Me neither,” I say, a bit surprised that he actually remembers.
“Oh my god,” Greg repeats John’s thoughts. “Sumatra Road. What time is it? Okay, we still got some time, but we need to hurry. I’ll call back-up from the car.”
“Well, I’ve been better,” Mary replies. “This baby better be freaking cute for putting me through this.” She laughs. Sherlock nods in agreement. I stand next to them and watch while they continue their small talk. Mary, who shot Sherlock in the chest last autumn. Sherlock, who killed a man on Christmas to keep her safe. I force myself to stop thinking about that.
John noticed that he was still holding Sherlock’s hand and quickly let go. He cleared his throat and hoped that their daughter had not yet acquired her father’s skills of deduction.
“Watson!” Sherlock can’t help but snap at him. This must be a nightmare, it must be! He has probably fallen asleep on that damn chair after all. But the thing is – no nightmare has ever felt so horrifying.
John closes his eyes, unable to fully comprehend what just happened. His ears are ringing and his fingers feel numb. Suddenly his knees turn weak and for a moment he’s sure he’s going to faint, so he takes a couple of deep breaths. This can’t be true. His person cannot be the man next to him; a self-proclaimed consulting detective living in London with him this entire time; an arrogant, probably-mad, clever and fascinating man who’s certainly
“You can still sleep for a couple of minutes. I’ll wake you.”
“Well, you’re definitely not a police inspector, that much I can tell. I’d say private detective, but the police don’t go to private detectives.”
“Mrs. Hudson! Hey, Rosie!”
“Logic is not the absence of emotions. As ever you see, but you do not observe.” He looks away.
Of course Angelo had set up the table at the window for them. Ever since their first dinner there, John and Sherlock had established the routine of going to Angelo’s at least once a year. He had continued to insist on them being on a date, until the first time John had brought Mary to Angelo’s. After that the insisting had stopped.
“Finally you admit that you were wrong!”
For a moment Sherlock is sure that he’s dead already, because this must be heaven. Only John is still staring at him with a half smile and a tear rolling down his face, looking a thousand times more beautiful than Sherlock’s deceased mind could ever possibly imagine.
“I’ve waited six months for this, John. I don’t have any intention on waiting a minute longer,” he whispers afterwards.
John yells after him, but the door is already slammed shut, leaving John alone in the dark; his mind swirling.
“I don’t have time for this! Is he with you? I need to talk to him – it’s urgent.”
“You haven’t written a word, have you?” she asks. No, I haven’t. She, on the other hand, has written quite a lot.
John nods, then gets up quickly with a glance at his watch. They usually leave for the clinic together, but on Fridays Mary’s got her day off.
“Yes?”
“So, what is the plan for today then?”
“I’m not sad because of what she said,” he replies.
“You love me?!”
“Unfortunately, they’re closed already but we – I’ll go there tomorrow and check them out. Found it in the glove compartment.”
“What’s wrong with the landline?” Mike wonders.
“I might talk to her again, explain why I’m not dating you nor anyone else. I was just hoping I’d have a little more time.”
“Okay. Whatever you want to do, John. We can play Cluedo all day, if that’s what you want. We can even ask Mrs. Hudson or Mike Stamford to play along or...” Sherlock trails off because John is looking at him intensely. There’s a spark in his eyes that Sherlock hasn’t seen in a very long time.
“But I want to.” I take a step closer to Sherlock, forcing him to lean back onto the kitchen counter. He's got the tea towel hung over his left shoulder and the sleeves of his dressing gown rolled up.
“And why did you return?” John tries to ignore the shaking in his voice. It must be the endorphin. His heart is beating so loud he’s sure Sherlock can hear it.
John gulps down the rest of his beer, trying to overplay the silence stretching between him and his former friend. Even though he and Mike used to be pretty good friends in their twenties, the different directions of their careers and the resulting long time apart caused their friendship to find its end years ago. Now he wishes he had stayed at home with Mary, watching an old Western over dinner or finishing one of his James Bond novels. Instead, he met a strange young man with a pretty rude attitude and ridiculous cheekbones who has been stuck in his head for the last hour. John lets out a quiet sigh and looks down at the empty glass of Guinness in front of him, trying to come up with a topic for the slow-going conversation with Mike.
“I didn’t know you were an expert in furniture.”
“Ah, you couldn’t bear to be anywhere else. That’s not the John Watson I know.”
“Sorry, love. What did you want to ask?”
“Because that meant I got to spend the evening with you.”
“At least tell me why you don’t want to do that,” I reply.
“Then why are we here today?” I try to be as indirect as possible, but unfortunately, with someone like Sherlock, it’s never easy to hide your true intentions.
“There’s an underground terror cell planning a strike on London,” Sherlock says instead.
She laughs and for a second Sherlock can see the tiredness behind her eyes. “Believe me, I’m not doing this for you.”
“What’s the matter, Mike?” Sherlock sighs audibly. “Don’t you see that I’m busy?”
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John quickly robs over to his friend and starts examining him.
John’s eyes widen and he furrows his brows. “What do you mean?”
“Which flavour did you bring me?” he asked and sat down next to them.
John’s expression shifts and his voice almost breaks when he adds:
“Daddy, Papa! Hungry!”
“And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees,” Mr. Holmes concludes before passing the officer whose face has gone white.
Sherlock’s head feels dizzy. Does that mean – could that mean...?
“What?”
“W…well, the only thing I can think of is that she dropped her bouquet right after the ceremony and this guy picked it up for her. He was one of the staff I guess. After that, she started acting a bit differently.”
“Tea?” Sherlock asked from the kitchen.
Sherlock looks away as he feels the burning anticipation of tears behind his eyes.
There’s a flood of emotions threatening to drown John – relief, sadness, regret, love, confusion, worry – but he pushes them all aside. The only logical next step is to contact Sherlock and tell him what idiots they’ve both been, clear up the misunderstanding and ask Sherlock to come home. He fishes for his phone and calls Sherlock but finds it on the living room desk. He must’ve left it there on purpose. John picks up the phone, but it’s turned off and password-protected. John proceeds to call Molly, then Greg, but they both don’t seem to know anything. Reluctantly, he calls Mycroft.
Inside, Angelo welcomes us warmly and leads us to the exact same table at the window from last year. Sherlock reaches it first. I can see how he quickly picks something up from it and tucks it into his pocket. Was it a small reserved sign? We sit down and Angelo hands us the menu.
Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror for the twentieth time that day. He knew that it was ludicrous, trying to preserve the image of him wearing a
“I’ll get him,” Rosie said and ran off before John had the chance to stop her. When Rosie returned with Sherlock a minute later, John’s hands were already a little sweaty. He blamed it on the heat in the pavilion.
“I’ll make you some food, sweety.” I take her from Mrs. Hudson’s arms and straight to the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson leans close to me and whispers “Finally, John, I knew you two would come to your senses!” before leaving. All I can do is stare after her.
“Now.”
“Okay,” I chuckle. “Come in.”
“No.” Sherlock responds too quickly. “I just wasn’t sure you’d want…this… me… in that way.” This is even more difficult than anticipated.
Sherlock nods understandingly and waits for John to call Mary. After their nightly conversation in February, they didn’t talk about the incident further. John didn’t mention Sherlock, and Mary didn’t ask any more questions, either. The last six weeks might have been hard for John, but he swore to himself that he wouldn’t burden Mary with it. He promised her that he wasn’t going to spend more time with Sherlock; that he didn’t want to. Now, not even two months later, he’s already breaking that promise.
After dinner, it’s already past Rosie’s bedtime. I take her to bed while Sherlock (miraculously) agrees to do the dishes. Once in our room, I realise while placing Rosie inside the crib next to my bed that I need to address another topic with my best friend. I give Rosie a kiss on the head and sing her a goodnight song. At the moment she’s more into songs than stories. She closes her tired eyes even before I finish the last stanza.
It’s been ten and a half years since John limped into a lab room at Bart’s, seven years since Sherlock’s return from the dead, five years since Mary died with her unborn child, three and a half years since Sherlock and John got together, almost two years since they got married, and three days since the worst day of Sherlock’s life. He had come close to feeling like dying before. The day he was shot by Mary, for example, or the day he overdosed and passed out in an alley, or the day he watched John getting married. But none of those days, none of the wounds he had endured during his time away, could ever compare to the feeling of watching the love of his life crash out of the windshield of a car and onto the bonnet. His heart had definitely stopped beating for a second and sunk down into the pit of his stomach. All he remembers is frantically opening the driver’s door of the parked car and pulling John’s body down onto the asphalt. He doesn’t remember checking his husband’s breathing, calling an ambulance or the panic-filled ride to the hospital. All he remembers is pain.
“John.”
“You’ll have to open it up and see, isn’t that the point of exchanging presents?”
“I don’t need to think about us. I just think about whether the brother-in-law could be the murderer or not… And I do it on the couch!”
“I don’t know, Sherlock. This might not be a good idea.”
“Yes, Sherlock. Sharing a bed sounds perfect.”
At the restaurant, everything is covered in pink balloons and red roses. There are so many candles on the table that the waitress can barely place the glasses of wine onto it. The girl he met on an online dating website seems nice. They talk for a while and John tells her everything about his work with Sherlock. She seems impressed.
Before he can ask anything else, Sherlock is already heading up the remaining stairs. John follows his fluttering coat upstairs, wondering about the last time his body was so filled with the anticipation of adrenaline.
Currently, Sherlock listens to John’s heavy breathing right next to him, jogging around the forest looking for clues.
“At night? You want me to go out there at night?”
He can’t see anyone right now, or ever. The only companion he finds slightly tolerable is his landlady’s. When he hears two pairs of feet on the steps, he prepares to exclaim his request to be alone. But when he sees who’s standing next to Mrs. Hudson, the words die on his lips.
Oh, so it is an excuse after all. Of course Sherlock and I go out for dinner quite frequently, especially after cases. We still like the Chinese restaurant he brought me to the night I shot that awful cabbie and saved Sherlock’s life. There’s also a nice French bistro near Baker Street, and sometimes we even settle on sandwiches at Speedy’s. It’s not something we plan ahead for, however, and it’s definitely not something we wouldn’t heartlessly interrupt and abandon for a case (which has already happened more than I can count). I decide to let the subject rest.
“I’m making pasta for lunch,” Mary replies. Her tone is neutral, and John isn’t sure whether she already figured it all out.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Sherlock asks while placing his violin onto the small table next to him.
The knot in Sherlock’s chest finally seems to loosen a bit.
Once the black door of 221B comes in sight, he notices a woman waiting in front of it. Curly blond hairs are framing her face from underneath a red hat, and her blue eyes scan her environment continuously. Sherlock freezes in his movements when he sees a golden wedding band on her left hand. Could it be her? Balance of probability suggests that 50,6% of women her age are married, 72% of which wear a golden ring. The chances are still in Sherlock’s favour. When the woman sees him, she passes the remaining distance between them and stretches out her hand. The smile on her face doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
“So, what did you reply?”
“Oh no. They were non-persons, but even so – that’s not a mistake a murderer would make.”
“I didn’t run away! I just needed some air.”
He arrives at the station twenty minutes later, scanning his environment for a tall figure in a long coat, when all of a sudden he notices that distinguishing feeling in his gut again, telling him that Sherlock is nearby. He finds him at the Fish & Chips counter, having an argument with the owner about the difference between Dutch and English chips.
“Oh. You remember that?”
A week later Sherlock, Rosie and John were invited to Greg’s birthday party. Because Greg wanted to spend his birthday with his kids, it was a children-friendly celebration. When they arrived right after the end of John’s shift at the clinic, people were already having a barbecue in Greg’s large terrace area. John hugged his friend and gave him their present (an anti-theft zip for his police batches).
“I don’t know. Just, the woman and everything. What she said at New Year’s Eve.” I make a vague gesture with my hand to point at something that isn’t there.
Thankfully, the disguises work, and they find themselves inside the house after a couple of minutes of explaining. While John heads towards the kitchen to grab a first aid kit, i.e. check out potential fire alarms, Sherlock waits for the suspect in the luxurious living room.
“Thank god you’re okay! Did you hear that?”
Walking up to the giant Victorian building, Sherlock feels confident. His leg is much better now, almost healed from the welcome-gift Miller gave him back in May. The warm July sun has made his Belstaff unnecessary a couple of weeks ago, but Sherlock wouldn’t want to miss the feeling of the fluttering fabric around his torso. John is right next to him, grinning like an idiot after the fight they’ve just had. Of course he didn’t understand the only fool-proof way of entering the dominatrix’ flat was with the right disguise. When Sherlock asked him to punch him in the face, he seemed pretty reluctant at first, but an initiation from Sherlock’s side made him eager to return the favour.
“Then explain to me why you’re acting so heart-broken lately.” The words are out before I can take them back.
“And you’re only telling me now?!”
“Oh, but you’re wrong, Mary. I tried to save our marriage! And when I kissed Sherlock
I can’t possibly wait any longer, so I lean forward and kiss him. How much time did we lose because of our insecurities? In the end, it really doesn’t matter. All that matters is that we finally figured it out. But there’s one more thing…
Sherlock, like usual, joins him, because John’s laugh is addictive and infectious and absolutely beautiful.
“Are you taking charge now?” he asks tentatively.
I wave her goodbye and return my attention to my daughter. Rosie doesn’t look too happy with Alana’s food choice. Her mouth is smeared with orange pap that’s probably carrot smash. I place a kiss onto her forehead and sit down next to the highchair. God, I missed her. I almost can’t believe that I had kept on passing her over to friends so frequently only a couple of weeks ago. She seems taller than this morning, even if I know it’s not physically possible. I take the spoon, give her my most genuine smile and start feeding her.
“A trauma to the head can shake up the human brain cells and cause dysfunctions. Apparently in this case, the memory centre of your husband’s brain was affected. He doesn’t remember events prior to the trauma. That’s what we call retrograde amnesia,” the doctor explains.
“I don’t know, can’t we… rip the timer off, or something?”
It was all his fault, really. With his inspirational talk about believing in her wishes, how could he miss that his daughter would wish for
“Why don’t you just stop, then?”
Sherlock coughs a couple of times in response.
So this is Hatty, how the fuck did Sherlock find her so quickly?
“I’ve been wanting to do this for so long,” he says before finally taking my length into his mouth. It feels bloody amazing. He slowly starts moving his mouth up and down and uses his hand to help him. He takes me inside his mouth so deeply I’m afraid he’s going to choke, but he doesn’t. I lean upwards to watch Sherlock. He seems to have noticed my shifting, because he looks up and stares into my eyes while sucking on my cock even harder. Jesus, I think I could come from the sight of this alone.
“That’s exactly what I’m looking for.”
“So how did we get... together?” John finally asks. Sherlock can feel that it’s making John uncomfortable. He reminds himself that, to John, he is a complete stranger at the moment, who tells him they are married and engage in all sorts of activities together. It still hurts more than he could have ever imagined.
“That’s not what I meant. Are you even listening to me?”
“You’re silly, Daddy,” Rosie replied laughing. John could see the tiredness in her eyes and checked his watch.
“Got it,” he says after a minute. “We need to start with beams 2,4 and 7.”
“I cheated on you, John.”
Back in the flat, I check the text he sent from my phone.
“That a star is travelling to another planet?”
But how could he ever move on from John Watson? How could he ever live, laugh, solve crimes, eat, sleep or breathe with knowing that the love of his life is out there without him? Suppressing his emotions has taken up all his strength; and after 19 and a half days Sherlock can feel his walls crumbling. He finds himself thinking about John and their horrible situation more often than not.
Sherlock places an innocent kiss on my cheek.
I clear my throat before I continue. “I know it’s stupid to fall in love with someone who doesn’t feel things that way, but I couldn’t really do anything about it. It just happened. I hope you’re not mad at me. Okay. Well. Thanks for listening…”
“I felt that you were in danger. I can’t really explain how, but I just knew where you were and that someone was threatening you.”
Sherlock handed John his ice-cream, his eyebrows raised. Did he notice the shift in John’s behaviour? John couldn’t tell. He briefly smiled at Sherlock, a plan starting to unfold in his head.
“A hound, out there in the Hollow,” he admits through gritted teeth. “A gigantic hound.”
“Thanks,” Dr. Watson replies, the confusion still present in his features. The two of them head out, leaving Sherlock with an unknown sensation of having missed an important opportunity. He stays in the lab watching the door, waiting for something to happen, until the coffee Molly brought has gone cold.
“You really don’t know him very well, do you?” I ask sarcastically. Sherlock being polite. What an idea.
“Yes, love?”
John, unable to hear Sherlock’s quiet answer, takes another step forward. His face is almost touching the door.
We say our goodbyes and the situation manages to get awkward when I stretch out my hand while she tries to hug me. As I turn around to resume my walk, I hear Molly’s voice from behind once more.
“But who –”. The doorbell interrupts my next question. Sherlock sighs and stands up at once, obviously glad to have an excuse to leave the conversation. I hear him talk to Molly downstairs. Maybe he’s interest in her, I briefly wonder. I’ll probably never know. I walk down to see Sherlock with Rosie in his arms. I thank Molly again for babysitting but can’t take my eyes off of Sherlock and my daughter. My heart does a little jump at the sight. God, I must have missed her more than I thought.
“John? Oh, John! We didn’t mean to… disturb you, but little Miss Rosie has gotten quite hungry.”
“Fine. So, where are we going then?”
“No, seriously John. What’s in there?”
John grinned at the thought and knew Sherlock was right, but still…
Sherlock has been so deep in his thoughts that he hasn’t even heard John emerge from the bathroom. John is standing in the doorway, wearing nothing but his grey bathrobe, his arms crossed in front of him.
“Why?” Sherlock is surprised at how desperate he sounds. This is not acceptable.
“Well, he was my ex-husband, actually. And he didn’t leave me, he died. At least, that’s what I thought. He was working in the army, as I told you, and one day I was told that he was killed by a bomb.”
“Good luck John!”
Rosie starts playing with my hair and I sit down with her on the floor. It’s more comfortable for her down here. Sherlock joins us with the toys he keeps in the flat, and we play with Rosie for a bit. It still feels unusual to do these things with Sherlock, but he’s getting better at it. When he uses the voice of a bear to talk to Rosie with one of the teddies, I can’t help but smile. A few months ago, this seemed impossible. Sherlock has played with Rosie before, obviously, when Mary and I were so exhausted we fell asleep on the couch, for example. He keeps calling Rosie ‘Watson’, I noticed. Somehow I find it endearing.
“Sherlock?”
“Einen Kaffee, bitte,” he replies before staring out of the window again.
In his room, he pulled off the ring, an act that turned out to be harder than he had anticipated. For four weeks it had sat perfectly on John’s finger, but now it felt like the ring refused to come off. John pushed and pulled until he was finally able to get it off. He took the ring between his thumb and index finger and stared at it with a burning feeling behind his eye-lids, when suddenly he noticed something. On the inside of the ring there was an engraving in italic letters.
As John started kissing down Sherlock’s neck, he heard a sound on the staircase and immediately froze. He had only just moved far enough away from Sherlock for it to seem like they were just talking when Rosie came stumbling into the living room.
“Any success so far?”
“Daddy?“ Rosie asked, tucking the grey blanket underneath her chin and looking up at John expectantly. “Why aren’t you and Papa married?”
“You remember what I wore?!” John giggles slightly and it’s the second best sound Sherlock has heard all day, almost as wonderful as John’s
“Congratulations!” Her smile widens. “We have a huge selection of cribs here, I know it can be quite overwhelming.”
Great.
Sherlock pulls John towards the stable. The gate is open, so he just slips through and John follows him. The stable smells terrible. There is hay everywhere, and a couple of horses are in their boxes, the male ones apparently. Sherlock approaches one of them, but the black horse starts to snicker immediately.
“So you’ve got a boyfriend then?” John asks while doing a very distracting gesture involving his lips.
After John has left, he follows Hudders into her kitchen. They sit down with their steaming mugs and Mrs. Hudson tells him about her start into the New Year. Sherlock falls silent, only half listening. His thoughts start to wander to John – what is he going to tell Mary? Will he obey and stop seeing him? Why didn’t he agree to it right away?
His five-year old daughter raised an eyebrow at him, the expression so similar to Sherlock’s that it startled John. “You need to read the book to me, first,” she said.
The sight of the two of them being so invested in choosing the right colour for the wall was the most adorable thing; and John wished he had clean hands to grab a camera and take a picture.
And with that, John gets out of bed and disappears into the kitchen. Sherlock stays in bed a bit longer, enjoying the feeling of his silk bedsheet and the comfortable mattress beneath him. After the accident he had slept on the couch for months and couldn’t bring himself to sleep in his bed when John left. When John returned a week ago and they spent the night in this bed together, Sherlock woke up without back pain for the first time in ages. This was also when he slept through the night for the first time in ages, but that had nothing to do with the mattress.
“Mad at you for returning?! No, no Sherlock. I’m mad at you for leaving!”
“What you explained earlier, about the balance of...”
Ow. An elbow just hit me in the waist. I slowly open my eyes and see Mary staring at me.
They have so much to catch up on, after all.
They enjoy their breakfast together, talking about this and that. Obviously John still has a lot to catch up on, but it seems Greg did a pretty good job at providing him with information during the three weeks Sherlock wasn’t in contact with him. After the last toast is gone, Sherlock retrieves his gift from the pocket of his dressing gown. He thought about this for quite a while, but still isn’t sure whether John will like or even accept the gift. It’s a risk he has decided he’s willing to take.
“Yeah, I figured after I threw out the last one because of the hole right in the middle, it’d be nice to have a new board on hand if we ever feel like playing again.”
anymore?”
“Goodbye John.”
“So, no sign of the shooter?” he asks the DI.
Mr. Holmes takes a deep breath before replying: “Quite clear. And is your wife away for long?”
“John, it’s not like I haven’t seen you naked before.”
, I suppose.”
“I know, but then again I didn’t really have much time to prepare. You see, I always know when I’m being followed. So there really was no use in your charade.”
“My flirting methods, you know.” Talking to Sherlock about flirting is making John uncomfortable. He shifts in his chair.
I know that she likes to sleep till the very last minute. I lean over to give her a kiss on the head and slowly leave the bedroom. Downstairs, I prepare some breakfast for the both of us. It’s what future husbands are supposed to do. Sometimes I still can’t believe it. I’m engaged. I’m actually going to get married. And, as another bonus, I get to have my best friend as my best man on the wedding, which is something I never thought possible when I initially intended to propose to Mary. Well, that is if he agrees. I chuckle at the thought. After everything that happened I didn’t really find the time to ask him yet. To be honest, I didn’t really think it necessary to officially pop the question – Sherlock knows that he’s my best friend, so I assumed he would more or less invite himself to the task, out of natural habit. But so far he hasn’t mentioned a word to me, so I guess I’ll have to ask him anyway.
“Actually, do you know what? Ignore me,” he says to Lestrade.
“I wouldn’t bet on it.”
“Er, I don’t know... it was strange, to say the least. I felt a tingling in my fingers once he reached for my hand, but that’s pretty much it. To be honest, I don’t really know why everyone’s making such a fuzz over it.” He shrugs his shoulders. Lying to Mary wasn’t his intention, but it’s probably better to spare her from the truth.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, who shrugged at him apologetically. “But we’ll bring Daddy some ice-cream,” he added.
“What’s the matter, Sherlock?” John asked.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” Sherlock mutters more to himself than to me. “The situation has gotten out of hand. I need to go to Mr Bellinger’s house and look for evidence of a possible break-in myself. The homeless network didn’t see anything peculiar so far.”
“No, god no. You’re fucking
“Well, it’s not like I’ve got anything better to do tonight,” he responds.
“I don’t have the code.” He tries it with logic.
Sherlock nods in response, as he doesn’t trust himself to form coherent sentences. He has automatically lay down on the right side of the bed, because he knows John prefers sleeping on the left. Once John turns off the light the room darkens completely. It makes Sherlock feel relieved and frustrated at the same time.
“Sherlock, what are you talking about?”
After a couple of minutes, he takes her hand as she decides to walk over to me. Rosie doesn’t seem content, sometimes she prefers to walk without help. Sherlock lets go of her hand and searches my eyes. He’s still quite insecure when it comes to these things. I nod as if to say ‘It’s fine, she can walk on her own’ and in that exact moment, she stumbles and falls. I see the panic on Sherlock’s face and run towards them. Rosie immediately starts crying, probably more from shock than real pain. I hold my arms open but as I’m about to pick her up my daughter turns towards Sherlock and screams “Papa!”.
“Do you really think he’s doing some sort of posthumous revenge?” I ask and take a sip from my tea.
“Fine. That’s… good,” Sherlock replies. He smiles at me but somehow seems sad while saying so. Christ, he’s definitely still upset because of Irene. I should probably say something, as his friend.
good.
“Just occupying myself.” He sighs and lifts his head dramatically. “Sometimes it’s sooo hard not smoking.” As he says that, the eyeball slips out of the tweezers and drops into a mug placed on the table. I look at it for a second, then remember why I’m here.
“Your person,” Mrs. Hudson says.
It’s hours later that Sherlock notices the golden piece of jewelry lying on the coffee table, burning itself into the deepest part of Sherlock’s heart.
“Yes, of course. Please give my apologies to Mary for keeping you occupied that long.” There’s an unknown expression on Sherlock’s face, one John doesn’t know to interpret yet, but it’s gone before he has the chance to.
“So, what’s your plan?”
After a long week, he’ll finally have a couple of days off, time to step back from his ever-going arguments with Mary and time to spend with his best friend. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in quite a while. After New Year’s Eve, John agreed to reduce his free time spent with Sherlock to once or twice a week, for the sake of having some peace at home. However, ever since John mentioned his fight with Mary, Sherlock has been strangely distant, causing John to involuntarily spend even less time with him. Whenever John came over for a visit, Sherlock was either busy with experiments or not home at all. They only saw each other a couple of times since the beginning of the year, mostly during cases, but even then it felt strange. It’s almost as if Sherlock refuses to talk about anything else except The Work – which isn’t something he didn’t do before – but somehow John always felt like the exception to Sherlock’s rules.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say next, so he stays silent instead. John is the only person he can share a comfortable silence with. Not the kind of
“Fine,” Sherlock finally replies. “As it happens I do have a small present for you as well. Let’s eat and then we’ll open them up.”
Sherlock forces himself to look away and starts pacing the small compartment. There’s no use in piercing into John’s deep blue eyes now. He needs to focus.
“Sounds boring.”
We ring at the door and a woman with black hair and glasses opens the door.
John has now fully opened his eyes and stares at Sherlock, but it’s not his usual expression towards Sherlock (full of love, desire, or annoyance) and Sherlock notices instantly that something’s wrong.
John came closer to the swing and leaned himself on the girder on one side of the swing,  crossing his arms and smiling somewhat suspiciously. Sherlock decided to give it a try and sat down on the swing. It was wet and tiny, but not too small for Sherlock to actually sit down. His long legs reached the sand underneath him without a problem, so he ducked his knees in order to be able to lift up. Once he pushed enough to actually swing, his coat billowed around him like a cape, and he enjoyed it immensely. He closed his eyes against the rain, and enjoyed the feeling of complete happiness and freedom for a while. When he opened his eyes again, he looked over to where John was standing and was rewarded with a big smile across John’s face. He stopped swinging but stayed in the seat.
“It’s okay, John,” Sherlock interrupts with a lump in his throat. “My name is Sherlock. Sherlock Watson. Before we got married, I was Sherlock Holmes.”
“Oh, yes, of course,” I reply. “You stay here and rest,” I add towards Mary.
“Whassup?”
“I can’t live in the past forever. I hope you’re happy for me, and that you’re happy wherever you are right now.”
Sherlock sits down in the restaurant of the country house hotel he’s been calling his home for the last two weeks. He likes it here; likes the cosy atmosphere of the interior combined with the stunning scenery of the Austrian Alps outside.
They arrive after a quiet car ride at an Inn called
John felt a knot tighten in his chest that, for once, had nothing to do with his daughter. He looked at Sherlock, who seemed deep in thought, a fine line of creases appearing on his forehead.
Miss Adler offers John to take a seat before she sits down in an armchair and crosses her legs, folding her arms to obscure the view of her chest.
“These tyres are exactly the same ones we found yesterday.”
When Sherlock arrives, some heads in the restaurant turn. That git is wearing a purple shirt and a tailored suit which he definitely wasn’t wearing before, John notices. He has to swallow when Sherlock approaches the table.
“Er, it’s our anniversary,” Sherlock finally replied.
Outside, approximately eleven minutes later, Sherlock is sitting in the back of an ambulance and talking to Lestrade. Someone, probably one of the paramedics, has thrown a red blanket across his shoulders – a ridiculous attempt at comfort.
“Yes, you’re right.”
“Well, I cannot say that I have the experiences of an army doctor in my vitae, but this is mere pastime. I’m waiting for an important call.”
“You think she murdered her husband?”
The expression on their daughter’s face made John certain that the next four weeks would already have been worth it. With wide eyes, Rosie leaned over the table to take a closer look at their joined hands.
“So, Mary Morstan…” I pause, waiting for him to finally get it and conclude my sentence. But Sherlock only brings out a short “Yes” and waits for me to continue.
“Sherlock! Do not touch the floor with your hands right now,” John warned. The Mrs. Hudson in his mind was practically fainting at the sight.
“Fine!”
“Okay, John. Please don’t freak out.” He makes a gesture with his hand that is supposed to calm me down.
“I’m... fine.” But John hears the effort it takes him to breathe evenly. He can sense that Sherlock is nowhere near to being fine.
“Mary, look, there’s something I need to tell you.”
All of a sudden, a million pieces I never understood come together in my mind. I can see the images clearly. Sherlock claiming being married to his work. Irene saying ‘Look at us both’. Sherlock playing sad music on Christmas. Mine and Sherlock’s dinner at Angelo’s on our one-year anniversary. Sherlock being jealous of my girlfriends. Sherlock calling me his conductor of light. Sherlock saving my life over and over again. Sherlock’s words before he jumped. Sherlock begging me for forgiveness. Sherlock’s expression when he realised he was my best friend. The stag night. Sherlock calling me the bravest, wisest and kindest human being. Sherlock leaving my wedding early. Sherlock shooting Magnussen to save my wife. Sherlock’s look when he said ‘Sherlock is actually a girl’s name’. Sherlock forgiving Mary for shooting him. Sherlock helping me set up Rosie’s nursery. Sherlock allowing me to hit him because he thought he deserved it. Sherlock treating Rosie like his own daughter. Sherlock pointing a gun at his own brother and not me.
“To the crime scene, obviously. Let’s hurry, I’m late already.”
“Yes.”
“Well you never call either. I just, you know, wanted to catch up.”
“Oh, if you’d like some tea I can call the maid,” she tells Sherlock.
John felt heat rising to his cheeks. “That’s quite poetic, even for you.”
“Sherlock, I wanted to ask you something. On your birthday, we talked about the woman, among other things, and I gave you an advice to, well, make a move, basically.” Sherlock doesn’t say anything. “Did you…?”
“I think we’ve already done that, John.” He raises an eyebrow back in a somehow utterly seductive way.
“Hi, John. It’s me – Harry. I thought I’d check up on you, see what you’re up to?”
I turn around and see a dog approaching us. It’s very tall, but definitely not a monster. I exhale and start to laugh with relief. There’s no way this harmless dog would’ve been able to kill Mrs. H. All of a sudden, the dog increases its pace and runs towards me. It opens its mouth to let out a loud bark and its eyes sparkle with anger. It has definitely gotten bigger now that I can see it up close. Before it has a chance to run me over, a tall figure pushes me aside and lets the dog run towards him instead. I can only watch as it attacks my friend. It sinks its long fangs into his neck and scratches his arms with its dark claws, going over and over again until the belstaff coat is covered in blood.
“I’m sorry, John, I wasn’t expecting to see you here,” Sherlock whispers. John can see that his hand is trembling.
“No.”
John inhales deeply, trying to stop himself from saying something he might regret later. “He did, but he’s wrong! Where is he, Mycroft, please?”
“Of course, love.”
But now, so many years later, he finds himself unable to suppress his feelings. Now that he knows what it’s like to be held by John, to be kissed by John, to be loved by John, he can’t possibly return to his old self. And that’s the worst thing. Because deep down Sherlock knows he will never be able to exist without John again. In John, he found a person worth dying for, and, more importantly, a person worth living for. He needs him like air and water and the thought of never having him again makes his mind go blank. He’s trapped in a loophole of his own thoughts, he’s on the bottom of a well but he’s still falling, and he’s never climbing out.
The doctor clears his throat before replying. “We’ll have to run a few more tests. We’d prefer to tell him everything about his current state while he’s still here, but after that you can go home. You’ll need to bring Dr. Watson in for regular checkups, but it’s best for him to get back to his usual environment as soon as possible.”
Sherlock straightens. “I want to reconstruct the situation as closely as possible. Besides, Mr Bellinger could be hiding something himself, and I don’t want to rely on his intervention.”
“Oh Sherlock!”
“John? John Watson?” I hear a voice directly behind me. I turn around. A man with glasses and brown hair walks towards me. His face seems familiar. Do I know him?
“Why do you even care? I thought you’d be glad! You don’t have to feel bad for fucking Sherlock, now that you know I’m off enjoying myself, too. Would you rather wish for me to be alone, whilst you’re having the time of your life with your soulmate?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says while leaning down without further warning. The feeling of Sherlock’s cock pressed against John’s own is so fantastic John could cry. Sherlock starts to rub and thrust slightly, and John is afraid this will be over sooner than later.
“You do? What a marvelous coincidence! I could use your help on this case. Lestrade found an abandoned car with the owner’s blood smeared all over the front seats. No sign of the body, though. Will you come along?”
“If you want to get better, you need warmth – especially around your throat. Where do you keep your jumpers?”
“Bloody hell! Sherlock, I’m sorry but I completely forgot the time. I should be heading home now.”
“Again?”
“I don’t know;” Sherlock admits. “I want to go undercover, internationally, and do some ‘leg work’, as you’d call it.”
“I know,” he replies. “I can’t believe it’s been five years.”
“Because I love you, John. I have loved you since the day I saw you at the pool with explosives strapped to your body.”
Why doesn’t he want to see her? He saved her life! It doesn’t make any sense.
“Oh, just the usual stuff you need for a nursery, like a crib, a baby monitor with two receivers, a smoke detector, an infant dresser, a changing table – by the way, did you know these tables were bloody expensive? – a tiny bookshelf, a bouncy seat and some smaller things.”
“This week you were so… distant. What changed?” he asked. He had to know. Ever since John had so abruptly ended their kiss on the sofa, Sherlock had buried his hopes in the ground.
The moment only lasts a couple of seconds, but it could’ve just as well been a lifetime.
Once the concerned mother has left, John stretches his legs. Maybe he should start jogging again; it might help clear his head. He absent-mindedly stares at the clock, failing to register the time. A careful knock on the door helps him out of his day dream.
“Okay,” John said, unsure of what else to reply.
“The hound!” he yells with an annoyed voice. It makes him sound like he has to explain it to a child. “I think I saw it last in Mrs. Hudson’s flat.”
No response.
“I actually just got back from the graveyard, you know,” I say, shifting my weight from one foot to the other. “I normally don’t visit often, it’s just with today and everything…” I let the end of the sentence trail off. Molly probably doesn’t even know what day it is today. And why am I telling her this, anyway?
I frown at him.
Sherlock frowns at me.
“Oh, hey John,” Sherlock replies, seeming genuinely surprised. “I’m on my way to a crime scene. What are you doing here?”
“Yes, sure.”
He looks up at Mary, her expression unfathomable.
“Wow!”
“Why?”
Miller pulls out a remote and presses a button, causing several lights to turn on. Sherlock closes his eyes against the white lights, but quickly reopens them to scan his attacker. He watches Sherlock from above, a frantic grin on his face. How preposterous. Instead of saying anything, he takes Sherlock’s hands and cuffs them together, then does the same with his feet. Sherlock loses balance and jolts forward, causing him to be on all fours in front of the maniac grin.
“But… but we have to do something!” I scream. I can already see a cab in the distance, but it’s not getting any closer. I wave at it, but the driver doesn’t see me. What a prat! I look back at him. He only gives me a long look, one that I last saw on him on a bench in Dartmoor, but he doesn’t help me. I start to cry. It’s embarrassing, crying in front of him, I don’t think I’ve ever done it before. I think of poor Mrs. Hudson, who is probably lying dead at Baker Street with a tea cup still in her hand.
“I’m a
“Christ, when will I finally remember?” John asks and pinches the back of his nose with his freed fingers. “This is a bloody nightmare.”
He’s never experienced such a rollercoaster ride of emotions before. He’s happy and relieved that John has finally woken up; and he’s miserable and terrified that John doesn’t remember him. How is this even possible? He has known John for over ten and a half years now. How can everything they’ve been through together – Moriarty, his faked death, Mary, Magnussen, the baby, their wedding – be nothing but the story of two strangers to John? How can it be that the person Sherlock loves most in the world doesn’t remember that he loves him back?
After a couple of minutes, John clears his throat and straightens up a bit. “Sherlock, there’s someone approaching.”
“And I brought you up here,” Rosie said to Sherlock, the pride audible in her voice.
“You don’t have to,” Sherlock interrupts. He suddenly realizes what a great deal this is for John. It’s also a sign of his trust, something Sherlock doesn’t take for granted.
John threw a tie at him but missed him at about a metre.
“John.”
“No you didn’t. It’s how you get your kicks, isn’t it? You risk your life to prove you’re clever.”
“Of course nothing happened between us. John is... he is –“
John raises an eyebrow. “Probably not.”
She seems fine with his answer, checks the rest of John’s figures and leaves. Sherlock can’t help but think that John would be proud of his politeness, could he hear him. If only he could hear him.
Sherlock starts hammering the beams together that I hold out for him. It’s strange seeing him like this. He has rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and slightly pushed the curls out of his face. Even though I’ve known him for five years, I’ve never seen him do anything similar.
In the end, he doesn’t even have to think twice about the proposal. He’ll be able to spend time with John, get to know him better, maybe even get him to help on cases again. It’s more than he ever thought he’d have.
“Sherlock, we should go. The train will be here any minute.”
“Look, Sherlock, this is the biggest and most important day of my life.”
“The best man?” He repeats. Since when does Sherlock Holmes repeat the obvious?
He eyes me and starts to smile. Not the fake smile he constantly used for his clients, but the rare, honest smile that not many people had the fortune of seeing on him. I rub my eyes and call for the next patient.
Sherlock can’t believe that this woman, whom he assumed to be of above-average intelligence, really thinks there’s a reason to be flattered. “Don’t be.”
Sherlock looks at me uncomfortably. “I know. But we both know I’m not the cooking type,” he smirks.
For a second, my brain is unable to form coherent thoughts.
Sherlock exhales loudly. “That’s fine, it’ll come to you. So, where was I? After Mary shot me, I recovered the next couple of months with your help. On Christmas, we met Mary at my parent’s house. That was also the day when I silenced the man who threatened to ruin her.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak, but John holds up a hand and continues. “This might not be the best timing, I know, but I just had to tell you. I look at you now and I see everything I want in this world. I don’t understand why I ever thought I could be happy with anyone else. I don’t know about your feelings, whether there’s a simple Off switch, because you behaved so differently earlier, but –“
I take a step forward and place my hand on the cold stone. Mary’s always going to be a big part of my life, but in the last two years I found myself thinking about and missing her less and less. As cruel as it sounds, time really does heal every wound. And it’s not like we were the perfect couple when she died. I step back and leave the graveyard without looking behind.
It’s late in the evening when they arrive at the hotel. They have spent the rest of the day calling and then talking to the local police again. Dr. Huxtable has apparently organised their accommodation and already deposited John’s suitcase at the
“John… it’s you. It’s always been you. You are every reason, every dream I’ve ever had, and everything I’ve ever needed.”
“So, what do you say?” Sherlock asks, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
“Chinese sounds perfect.”
“Do you have – “ John starts, then smiles up as Sherlock hands him an aspirin and the glass of water.
He looks up at Sherlock’s beaming eyes when it clicks.
“We’ll exchange presents after Christmas, then?”
It takes Sherlock another couple of minutes to realise that we should definitely leave at this point. Mr. Simon thanks us and shuts the door behind him and his soon-to-be ex-wife, who agreed to stay and do some more explaining.
“Really? You are married now?”
Reluctantly, Sherlock stands up. John is right. There is a cyclist approaching the inn, coming from the direction of Mr. Saltire’s mansion. The mansion has a direct access to the inn, a small path that is otherwise unused. The proximity to the mansion was the main reason why Dr. Huxtable had picked this inn for Sherlock and John. The cyclist leaves his bike outside and enters the backdoor of the inn.
Sherlock leaned back into the couch, as well, and started fizzling with the bottle’s etiquette. “Just out of curiosity, what would you do if this marriage was real?”
Sherlock clears his throat, obviously embarrassed. “It’s just... no one’s ever been willing to do this for me before.”
John could feel his stomach drop to the floor. He closed his eyes for a split second, hoping to hide his minor panic attack from his family, and took a shaky breath. When he opened them again he found Sherlock staring at him.
“You know, there’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about. I know I already broke this promise before, but I really mean it this time. I still wanna go on cases with you when the baby is here. We’ll still be doing all this stuff.”
“Here, use mine,” the man named John says. He comes closer to the table, fishes his phone out of his pocket and stretches it out in his hand. Sherlock mutters a quick ‘Thank you’ while walking over to accept the mobile phone, his eyes glued to the its owner. When he takes the phone there’s a spark of electricity in the air, but it’s gone before the other man notices.
“Balance of probability? I use a variety of data and statistics to estimate the probability of a certain incident or action.”
They must’ve been staring at each other for a while when the door flies open to reveal Mrs. Hudson.
“Were you going to visit him now?”
“Figured out what?”
John only nods. He eyes Sherlock with a curious, yet distant look and Sherlock has to look away. It’s already too much to bear.
“John, if you want I can bring her over to the flat later. I know you like spending time there.”
“An Off switch,” he murmurs.
Jogging down the stairs to catch his train as if it were any other Friday, John cannot know that this day will be the beginning of more than just the weekend.
“You’re not bored now, are you? Innit good?”
“I'm so sorry, Mr. Holmes. There must have been a misunderstanding. Dr. Huxtable only booked one room for you and I’m afraid that we’re booked up.”
“See? I knew it.” Mary gives me a wink and turns the sound of the TV back up.
“That’s right, Mr. Holmes. And I hope I’ve given you a proper welcome.”
“Yes. I infiltrated an undercover organisation that planned to blow up the Austrian parliament and intended to blame it on the UK. There were a lot of Japanese involved, ironically, but I don’t want to bore you with the details.” Sherlock smirks.
Up to his full length, Sherlock can see the giant metal tank in the middle of the room, connected to a water pipe. A couple of stairs are leading up to the roof of the tank, and the sides consist of glass, giving view of the rushing water inside.
When he returned to the roof, John was sitting on the blanket. He pulled Sherlock down next to him and kissed him. “I’ve wanted – to do this – for so – long,” he murmured in between kisses. Sherlock couldn’t agree more, but he broke off the kiss anyway.
“Sorry, boys, I didn’t mean to interrupt...”
Back at the flat, I text Molly to let her know that she can bring Rosie over anytime. Sherlock is sitting in his chair opposite to me and seems lost in thought.
Sherlock opens his eyes, probably just noticing that John had even left. He doesn’t say anything though, his eyes piercing into John.
“Billy Kincaid.”
“Lucky me, then. I hope you enjoy spending your Saturday with a prat.”
John is still fixed in his position in the door frame, so Sherlock stands up and walks over to him.
“No, I meant the anniversary of you and Rosie moving in.”
At exactly 8 o’clock I leave my room and walk down the stairs with a fresh shirt and the dark blue jeans from earlier days that sit a bit too tight. Sherlock is already waiting at the foot of the stairs, and eyes me as I descend them. The whole situation makes me feel like I am awaited by my prom date. I clear my throat. Sherlock wears a suit, as usual, and a tight light blue shirt underneath. I can’t help but stare at the buttons for a second.
I look over at Mike immediately. “Yeah, he’s always like that,” he says before I have the chance to ask.
When the barbecue was done and the sun was starting to set, some of the guests started dancing in the large pavilion that was set at the back of the garden. John wondered why he hadn’t pursued a career at Scotland Yard before joining the army. Apparently, one could make a decent living of it. His thoughts were interrupted by a fingertip poking into his side.
“Sherlock, you can be such an idiot sometimes,” I say, and before I can change my mind, I step up to him and press our lips together. I close my eyes and hear a shocking sound from Sherlock that overcomes the lack of air between us. After that, Sherlock leans into the kiss. I grab his neck with my free hand and taste black tea on his soft lips. Sherlock pulls me closer and tucks his right hand into my hair. I slowly open my mouth to deepen the kiss and Sherlock groans. It feels glorious, better than I ever imagined. When we finally pull apart, I open my eyes to find Sherlock’s still closed. He slowly opens them and I don’t think I’ve ever seen him look so vulnerable.
She looks up at Sherlock and for a moment he feels sorry for her. Maybe it’s selfish; maybe it’s completely wrong – but he can’t give her the answer she wants to hear.
I spend the rest of the evening going over the notes again, trying to sort them in a chronological order. A couple of hours later, I look at my result. I managed to organise the pile of notes by dates and cases, and identify my old handwriting completely. Sherlock would be proud of me. I gather all the notes belonging to one case into one clear film, until I have a folder full of handwritten notes. I get up from the floor where I was seated in a pretty uncomfortable position for a 41-year-old. Before switching off the lights in the living room, I turn around after seeing a tall figure in the corner of my eyes and turn around. Sherlock is sitting on the floor with his legs crossed, staring at the folder. Suddenly, he looks up and smiles and that’s when I know that I’m going to start updating the blog again.
I just want it all
“Yeah. It’s been over three weeks and I think today is a good time to start again,” I reply, thinking about the date. It’s weird that I still notice it every single year.
“Just out of curiosity, what would you do if this was a real date?”
“You should put on something warmer,” he says with a quick glance at Sherlock’s chest.
“You want to…?” Sherlock gestured between them.
“My brother doesn’t do anything half-heartedly, as you should know. He told me that if you were to contact me, I should tell you that he doesn’t wish for you to search him.”
“Hey, Sherlock. Sorry I kept you waiting,” John says while taking off his jacket to reveal a hideous grey jumper. He sits down on the bench seat next to Sherlock, causing a cloud of a different cologne than yesterday to enhance the air.
“John, I…”
She frowns at me. “I was thinking of Sherlock.”
“He’s fine. We haven’t been in touch, but I kept a weathering eye on him.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes heavily, lets out a frustrated sigh, takes John by the hand and shoves himself past the inspector.
“Not exactly,” she pauses. “I’m Mary, Mary Watson.”
“No, I’m fine.”
“So, you’re saying that your brother is basically the British government, that our closest friends are a DI and a pathologist and that our landlady is like a mother to us?”
I replied.
John shifts in his chair and takes another sip of his tea.
“To what are we toasting?” he asks.
Before Sherlock has the chance to reply, his husband leans forward and kisses him. And it’s in that moment, the two of them kissing in the living room of 221B, with the bliss of the present and the promise of the future, that Sherlock thinks that even though they’ve been to hell and back, there’s nothing in the world that could ever stop him from loving John Watson.
“I thought you never asked your brother for help.”
Sherlock grins at him with a tired face, sleepy eyes, flushed cheeks and his hair a post-coital mess, and John doesn’t think he’s ever looked as beautiful.
“Trust me, you don’t want to know.” Sherlock smirks.
“The fact that it’s Saturday does not tell me what time it is, John, although I do blame your slight confusion on your sleeping schedule and your resulted tiredness. You should consider sleeping more regularly.”
John clears his throat, and then asks in a husky voice, “How long was I asleep?”
Sherlock offering me to stay.
There’s a small smile on John’s face, but it’s filled with sadness. Sherlock isn’t sure whether he should add more; tell John what he would’ve done with his joke of a father had he known him personally, but he decides against it. Some things are better left unsaid, and Sherlock has the feeling that John doesn’t want him to comment on it right now. Maybe they’ll talk about it again eventually, but this evening has already been too emotionally drained for both of them to handle.
“Mmh, that’s quite correct.” For some reason Sherlock feels heat rising to his cheeks. Maybe Angelo should regulate the restaurant’s heating every once in a while.
“What?”
There’s a blank expression on Sherlock’s face. “Sarcasm?”
“You sure you wanna work in that suit?”
“I know, Mary’s gonna pick me up in a couple of hours. I’m just gonna lay down for a bit, if that’s okay.”
“Just, you know. Let me warm you.” John phrases it as if it's the most normal thing, as if they do this every day.
“Because,” Sherlock said, setting his laptop aside, “this is the first evening we’ve had for only the two of us in 138 days.”
“You just wrote ‘still has trust issues’.” What’s that supposed to mean? What does me not writing on the blog have to do with trust issues? I’m starting to think that this is a waste of time.
He stares into John’s eyes, waiting for a reaction. John stays silent, obviously deep in thought. When he finally speaks his voice is less tender, but not as angry as Sherlock would have expected.
“She didn’t tell me. I don’t know it!” Sherlock is yelling now. If anything happens to John, it will be his fault. In desperation he looks over to Miss Adler, begging her for help with his eyes. She lowers her gaze downwards.
“I mean I obviously don’t like it, but it’s not your fault. We both knew this could happen some day. As long as we don’t let it affect our marriage, it’s going to be okay.”
“You know, I actually got rid of this habit when you were…” I don’t quite know how to finish the sentence.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. Poor John, always thinking about compassion and all these dull little things. If he deleted some of that, he could be far more intelligent. He might even be able to acquire some of Sherlock’s skills of deduction. But then again, Sherlock has to admit, he wouldn’t be nearly as fascinating.
“I think I’ve got an idea.”
in his person’s presence? Sherlock doesn’t seem to care, though, as he replies right away.
“That was me playing but I don’t blame you for not remembering, given the amount of alcohol you just consumed in the last half hour.”
“Well, that was after you thought the victim had done it, right? I remember how –“ he stops and his eyes widen. “Oh my god.”
He looks up from their intertwined fingers. Sherlock seems frozen. Well, he was the one who suggested this, so John doesn’t feel too sorry for him.
“Do you know what that means?” John asked.
“Hi, Sherlock?”
My heart seems to perform a backflip in my chest.
Sherlock sighs audibly. Of course Lestrade would think that.
“It’s okay, John. You don’t have to cry.” He pats me on the shoulder and starts to stroke my arm with his hand. I feel that his touch helps to sooth me. “Look, the hound is already here.”
I can see Sherlock’s face brighten up. He seems genuinely pleased.
“Austria?”
“But you’re Sherlock Holmes. You’re as clever as it gets.”
“You mean in the moor?” – “Obviously.”
“That’s a good idea, actually, if you don’t mind. I’ll give you a call when we’re finished.”
At that, Sherlock begins to chuckle. That git! We’re having a serious conversation for once and he starts laughing at me! I look at him questioningly. “What?”
Sherlock takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself. John loves Mary, obviously, so nothing’s going to change. Besides, he’s entering dangerous territory – of disadvantages and chemical defects, as he claimed himself a couple of months ago.
“Do you have a girlfriend?” John continues.
“No, Sherlock, seriously. What do you mean?”
“I hope you know that I will always love you,” Sherlock says. His throat feels too dry. How could it have come this far?
Once Sherlock starts opening the dressing gown, John realises too late that he doesn’t intend on waiting for him to get out of the room first. For a reason John definitely doesn’t want to investigate further, he feels heat rising to his ears and face. He quickly returns his attention to the closet, as if the clothing items inside were the most interesting things he’s ever seen.
“I need access to the phone,” he explains. Christ, so this
“You think I’m not capable of loving?” Sherlock’s voice is calm, but the hurt in his eyes betrays him.
“I had a bad dream,” Rosie replied, close to tears. She rushed towards the two of them in her green pyjamas and slipped into the blank space between them.
“I saved your life, you sod! Is this the way of thanking me?”
“Yeah, sure. I’d love to get to know her.”
Of course you did, Sherlock wants to say, but experience has taught him not to.
“Then what do people normally suggest?”
Sherlock blushes, which only encourages him to continue. “I don’t know what this whole soulmate thing is really about, and frankly I don’t care. Whatever our souls are made of, I knew from the moment we met that yours and mine are the same. That’s all that matters.”
“I… I don’t know what you’re talking… I never wanted this to happen…”
“No, what’s the matter?”
Sherlock turns to look at me. He seems to actively study my features before saying “It must have been hard for you, considering how it was for me. I knew I’d probably see you again, yet those were the two most dreadful years of my life.”
“Sherlock, any experiences I’ve had, they do not even come close to this.”
And that’s when he also realises with a shattering clarity that he has to tell John the truth. And that it can’t wait any longer.
“I’m afraid so,” he replies. “Do you want me to...”
And for some reason John knows exactly what he wants. He stops in his movements, his erection starting to press uncomfortably against his jeans. John gives Sherlock’s length one last kiss before he moves back up, propping himself up on the side of the sofa in order to strip down his remaining clothes. Sherlock, apparently mesmerized by the newly presented data of John’s naked body, stares at John with a burning look in his eyes that pierces right into John’s soul. He presses John closer into the sofa and flips them around, until John finds himself on his back and Sherlock atop of him.
Maybe I don’t need a Jeanette in my life, at least not at the moment. It’s not like I’ve been thinking much about her since Christmas, anyway. Things are good the way they are, and having a girlfriend doesn’t really match my current way of life. Of course what she said about Sherlock being my boyfriend was complete nonsense, but I cannot deny that he is the person I want to spend my time with. He’s my friend - my best friend. It’s not unusual for best friends to feel this way about each other.
“Did we exchange vows when we got married?” John asks. It’s the first time he’s asked a question about their wedding.
Sherlock tries to sound convincing. The least he wants is to make John feel obligated to spend time with him. Sherlock knows John feels torn between spending his free time with Mary and him; and he hates it. He doesn’t want to be a burden; an obligation for John just because they happen to be bonded by fait.
“Next time I’m in danger, you don’t have to rescue me. It’s part of the occupational hazard.”
“Okay. John? How are you feeling?”
Sherlock’s heart stops, trying to take in the information he was so scared to deduce earlier, but he doesn’t dare to speak.
“What are you doing here? I thought you didn’t want to see me again,” Sherlock blurts out.
“No.”
“Do you want to explain what happened to the kid, yet?”
John stares into Sherlock’s eyes – those distractingly gorgeous eyes – and forgets what he was supposed to do next. He’s still holding his friend’s hand, which feels warm against his own. Sherlock doesn’t even blink.
“Piss off, Mycroft.”
“Thanks, Nancy. I guess we’ll call it an early weekend and finish the rest on Monday morning. You’re free to go.”
“Anytime, you two,” she says and winks over at Sherlock, who’s throwing his camel dressing gown over his shirt.
The next morning John knocks on Sherlock’s door for a full three minutes, before a cleaning lady appears telling him that Mr. Holmes checked-out early. He really shouldn’t have expected anything different. John spent the whole night lying awake, thinking about the kiss; about Sherlock storming off and about the consequences for his marriage. He briefly considered knocking on Sherlock’s door, but he didn’t trust himself enough to not do anything stupid. Guilt and regret have been his companions ever since. This should never have happened. How could he be so selfish; so cruel to his wife and Sherlock? The two people he cares about most in the world, and he disappointed them both within the blink of an eye. Thinking about Mary back at their home waiting for him makes John want to vomit. No matter what their current situation is, she doesn’t deserve this; doesn’t deserve a husband like John. Mary deserves someone who loves her completely and unconditionally; but since last night John knows for certain that he’ll never be able to do so again. She trusted him enough to befriend his soulmate, and he couldn’t stop himself from misusing that trust the first chance he got. She will probably hate him for it, but he knows with absolute certainty that he’ll never forgive himself for betraying his wife. He never cheated on anyone before; always believing in honesty and faithfulness.
“So why do we need to go to Sussex for a case? Is it really that promising?” John asks. Sherlock can’t keep himself from grinning. “Oh John, if you had any idea. There’s a boy gone missing from his preparatory school. He didn’t disappear alone, however, he seems to have taken his German teacher and the latter’s bicycle with him. There are no suspects, no traces – according to the police – and no apparent reason for anyone to kidnap the kid. It’s like Christmas in summer.”
“So, does this mean when you said you once had feelings for someone… and when you said you miscalculated someone’s feelings for you… was that – did you mean me?”
When Rosie had started to speak, Sherlock had already been a father to her for longer than Mary had been in her life. It hadn’t been much of a surprise that John’s daughter had refused to call Sherlock by his name and had given him the endearment she must have picked up somewhere, instead.
“John?” Mike’s concerned voice brings John back to this side of the road.
“It’s a crime scene, I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?” the man asks in a nasal voice. He crosses his arms in front of his chest and visibly lengthens his spine, trying to make himself look taller.
“Well, how was that?” I ask.
“Yeah good,” I say. It’s a lie. She probably knows that. I try anyway. I clear my throat. “Very good.” Is that more convincing? Why is this bloody blog so important to her?
After a short breakfast for John, they leave for Mr. Saltire’s mansion. It’s sunny and they decide to walk the short distance. Mr. Saltire seems to be expecting them and grins at them rather happily.
“Why, because it’s all just transport?” John asks with a slight smile that makes Sherlock’s heart flutter for a second.
Mr. Holmes lifts the police tape, and before even having consciously made the decision John suddenly finds himself on the other side of the tape, following the large steps of a man he literally just met to a crime scene he doesn’t know anything about.
“I bet you get bored, don’t you? I know you do. A man like you...” the cabbie says. He’s looking at Sherlock intensely, his eyes glowing. “... so clever. But what’s the point in being clever if you can’t prove it? Still the addict.”
The gift is the board game Cluedo, which John and Sherlock haven’t played in a long time. In fact, the last time they’d played, it ended with the board pinned to the wall above the mantelpiece. After that it was more Monopoly and card games for them. Sherlock grins.
Why didn’t I reply to her? Knowing that Sherlock had eavesdropped our conversation was a bit embarrassing at the beginning, but he never mentioned it again. He’d seemed quite sad afterwards, but maybe that was just because she had told me that she was gay. I’m still trying to figure out what she meant with the provocative remark “Look at us both” after I told her I wasn’t gay and before we got interrupted by the stupid text alert noise. I tried to approach the subject to Sherlock later that evening, after the awful incident with Mrs. Hudson, but he didn’t answer. He just said “Happy New Year, John” and started playing the violin. Maybe it’s for the best. Who knows what Sherlock would have said about his feelings for Irene, and what I would have said in response.
“Do you have any idea what time it is? It’s Saturday, bloody hell,” I reply.
“So I see you’ve expected me?” Sherlock asks. His voice echoes from the walls.
“You’re… good at this,” Sherlock pants.
“You all right? I was – I was coming to see Sherlock, and I thought you were…”
At that Sherlock finally looks up from the phone to study my face. After a couple of seconds, a brief smile crosses his face, and I brace myself for what comes now. “Oh John, do you really think it never occurred to me to hack a phone with technology? That’s why I rely on baby powder and iodine! It’s not like I already checked the app Copy9 which allows you to hack into someone’s phone and realised that it only works if said phone is already unlocked and neither did I check the Android device manager that can change the pin of a phone but only applies to phones with a pre-installed Google account. I also didn’t try to click the emergency contact button and type in an extremely long password until the phone system crashes and allows me to go to the home screen, which apparently only works with a certain type of android phones suffering from a system error. And I also didn’t – “
He accompanies John downstairs to find Mrs. Hudson just returning from her sister’s – or was it her friend’s? – house. She greets them cheerfully and invites them both for a cup of tea. John declines politely, telling her that Mary is probably expecting him.
“Okay, that’s…good.” John can’t hide his grin on his way inside. He only manages to take a step forward before he finds himself pressed against the wall by Sherlock.
I take a step forward. Maybe today I can make an exception. I place one hand on the gravestone like I did right after he died, because it gives me the balance and stability I need right now. I clear my throat, look around to check that nobody is watching me, and start to whisper.
“Sherlock, we still need your testimony!” Lestrade shouts after them.
“John, there’s something I should say. You probably won’t be prepared for this, but I hope you’ll understand where this is coming from and eventually forgive me.”
He keeps kissing my erection and simultaneously rubs his fingers over my balls. God, this isn’t gonna take long.
“Oh. I keep forgetting that you’re that much older than me,” Sherlock replied.
When they first enter the forest, the darkness increases, and John is sure to hear a couple of foxes scream in the distance. After a while of walking in silence, he hears a rustling sound to his right, causing him to stop in his movement. Sherlock and Henry, apparently unaware of his abrupt standstill, continue walking down the trail.
Hope.
I have to giggle at the thought. Rosie at a crime scene, examining a body like Sherlock.
“Really? That’s wonderful news, John! I’m so happy to hear that!”
“Lord Moran disappears the same day the Parliament votes on the new anti-terrorism Bill. It’s been on the news for weeks, even in Austria, Lestrade. But seeing as you got back into trouble with your wife, it’s no wonder you didn’t catch it. There’s an all-night sitting tonight in the House of Parliament,” Sherlock explains.
“Hey, Mike. Are you ready?” He quickly glances at Sherlock and their eyes meet. “Or should I wait outside?”
“No, let me do it.” Sherlock says while getting up from the floor and heading into the kitchen. For a man almost in his forties, he shouldn’t be able to get up from that sitting position so easily, I notice with slight jealousy. I watch him open a drawer and retrieve a glass of baby food as well as a sauce pan.
In the evening, I sit on my couch doing nothing. Even though the TV is on, I only register it as a slight background noise. The dominant noise I hear is a rushing in my ears. He is sitting on the kitchen chair, watching me. The light green eyes pierce into mine under long eyelashes and it feels like he can look right through to my soul. The dark curls that frame his face are perfectly shaped. God, he is beautiful. This is the only time of the day I am allowed to consciously think of him. It’s what Ella and I agreed upon. Of course she doesn’t know that I never make it through the day without thinking of him before 7 pm. But when I am allowed to, I let my thoughts wander even further. I do not only let the memories of our time together flood me, I also think back to the day it happened. I try to think of a solution. He called me when he was standing on that rooftop. He wanted me to give him a reason to live, and I failed him. It is a thought constantly present on my mind. What could I have said to make him stay? What would’ve been a good enough reason for him? The thought hurts even more because he was a good enough reason for me. Two years ago, I had found myself in a very similar position. After knowing him for less than 24 hours he had already completely turned my life around. He saved me, I know that now. Why couldn’t I save him? I should have told him I loved him. Would it have been enough for him not to leave me?
“I don’t know, you’ll find a way to convince him,” she says. “And now I need some more sleep.” She yawns.
“Yes! Yes, Sherlock, I remember that. I mean it’s just bits and pieces, but it’s definitely a memory.”
Sherlock picked up the tie from the floor and handed it over to John.
“Your death,” Miller replies and pushes Sherlock towards the tank.
“I didn’t buy anything for her. Besides, I’ll only be on the date for a couple of hours. You’ll survive without me.”
While the shower is still running, he picks up his violin from its case. Dust has settled on it from being unused for the last six weeks. After tightening and rosining the bow, Sherlock tunes by ear for the perfect pitch. When he plays the first note, it comes out automatically. Sherlock lets the melody of the song he wrote for his and John’s wedding flow through his fingers, his veins, and into his heart. He closes his eyes, his body facing the window, and for the first time in weeks he forgets all of his problems, his worries and sorrows, and allows himself to remember the time he played this song during one of the best moments of his life.
“Oh, okay. Although I hope you don’t count the dinner when we were interrupted by the Japanese who tried to kill me as a date.”
There’s a pause on the other end of the phone. “He’s doing undercover work abroad, John.” At the mention of John’s first name, Mycroft tone shifts. “Even if I wanted to, I can’t help you. I don’t have an address or number – the mission is entirely anonymous.”
“He’s upstairs.” She squeezes his hand and lets him pass through the door. John is thankful for the landlady’s understanding. He tries to conjure a smile and wishes her a good start into the New Year.
“I was just packing up everything, John. Would you like a cup of tea? I’m afraid I’m a bit late already but I could...”
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock adds. His voice is deep and close to a whisper.
Upon their arrival at Angelo’s, John pretended to be surprised. When Sherlock let go of his hand in order to open the door for them, John could see him mouth the words
“Bloody hell, don’t tell me you didn’t practice,” he manages to get out.
He realises his erection is already pressing hard against his trousers but he tries to tone his desire down. His husband probably doesn’t want to sleep with a man he’s only ‘known’ for less than two months. John starts to run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and lightly caresses his scalp; and it’s something he’s done so many times that Sherlock is sure for a moment that John remembers, the movement being too natural. That’s when Sherlock realises that, no matter if John will ever get his memories back or not, he will always be his John and Sherlock will always love him.
“No, I think you’re damaged, delusional and believe in a higher power. In your case, it’s yourself.”
“Dr. Watson, Mrs. Blanchard was the last patient for today. Do you want to stay and do the paper work?”
“Do you want me to sleep on the sofa?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock’s legs moved automatically. Once he stood closer, John took Sherlock’s hands into his own and let them hang between them. Sherlock’s mind started swirling.
“Daddy? Do you want to dance with me?”
“Then tell me about your areas of interest. I don’t care what profession your brother has, I want to know more about you.” He clears his throat and adds: “About my husband.”
John, taken by surprise, raises an eyebrow. “Not necessarily,” he says, his voice low as well. Sherlock takes a step forward and kisses John again.
When Rosie was all tucked in that night, John needed something stronger than tea. He opened their last bottle of wine and filled two glasses with the white liquid. Sherlock was tidying up the living room table when John pressed the glass into his hand. He sat down at the table and pinched the back of his nose.
“If you could see this now, you’d probably laugh at me. You’d tell me that the afterlife is a fantasy made up by people who can’t cope with the death of their loved ones, or something like that. And I’d laugh at your arrogance, but of course you’d be right… Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I’m moving on. Actually, I’ve got a date.”
“Really, John, there’s no need to explain,” Sherlock said, still facing the microscope.
“Yeah, like that’s gonna happen.”
“I have to tell you something that I‘ve wanted to for a long time. I was just so afraid and I didn’t want to lose what we already had by reaching for something more, something I thought I could never have.”
I give the girl one last reassuring smile before turning around and using Sherlock’s hand to climb back over the wall. I briefly wait on top and decide to take Sherlock’s hand to pull him over more quickly. We jump down together and lean on the safe side of the wall, both panting and slightly giggling.
John rolls his eyes at his phone, before slipping it back into his pocket. He looks up at Mary, who has just prepared his favourite pasta for lunch, and bites his lips. Usually, he’s able to ignore these sorts of texts from Sherlock quite well, but after the woman’s death two weeks ago John wants to be there for him as much as possible.
“But the killer isn’t just gonna ring the doorbell, is he? He’d need to be mad.”
“Girlfriend? No, not really my area,” Sherlock replies and turns towards the window.
“Oh, there’s one more thing. Do you think we could keep this conversation to ourselves?”
My mouth must have dropped open as Sherlock eyes me suspiciously.
“I saw it too, John.” Sherlock looks up at John, who moves forward in his chair. The sight of John’s face keeps the rising panic at bay, at least for a little while.
“Okay. Good.” Sherlock gets up and takes Rosie into his arms. When he rocks her back and forth to try and stop her from sobbing, I can’t help but think back to what Mrs. Hudson told me at the therapist’s house.
“Ah, he already offered one via mail this morning, I declined.”
Sherlock is only half listening. Maybe he should take the damn pill just to get the cabbie to shut up. And it would prove his point, wouldn’t it?
“Okay, I’ll just say goodbye then.”
“Why does it bother you?”
“Sure,” John replied, his mind still elsewhere.
“Yes. It’s cold outside.”
Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on mine. He takes a deep breath before he says: “You and Rosie mean everything to me. You’re the only person in the world who really knows me and still accepts me for who I am. I never thought I’d be as lucky to find someone like you. I know we’ve been through a lot, but my feelings for you never changed.”
“I’m staying at the
I feel anger crawling up inside me. “Why do you need this stuff right now and why can’t you go get it yourself?” I ask, trying to stay calm. Sherlock has finally opened his eyes and stares at me, raising an eyebrow. I walk over to the kitchen to turn on the kettle. Tea is probably the only thing that’ll help right now.
Hearing their quiet voices makes John furious. Can’t Irene just go stay at a hotel, or something? Why does she have to bother Sherlock with her presence? All John wanted was a peaceful afternoon with his friend, but now he’ll have to listen to her riddles and admiration for Sherlock.
“It’s fine, Sherlock.”
“No.”
Oh god. Who knew that buying a fucking crib could be this complicated?
When the worried woman in front of him opens her mouth to protest, John lifts a hand to interrupt. “I’m sure because he’s never been to Africa or South America, and neither has anyone in his immediate environment. He hasn’t left England in the last decade; he doesn’t show any indication of jaundice. And, most importantly, his blood work came back this morning – all clear. Justin has got a regular flu. I recommend a symptomatic medication and he should be fine by next week.”
John, still too confused to add anything of importance, follows him inside. Inside the hallway, they are offered matching coveralls, which Mr. Holmes declines with a dismissive wave of his hand. John shrugs and takes one of the coveralls from an eye-rolling inspector. Once he and Mr. Holmes are alone on the staircase, he sees his chance at getting a quick overview of the ridiculous situation he finds himself in.
Once they are settled with boxes of delicious duck and rice half an hour later, Sherlock mentions the 19th century case again. He tells John why he hasn’t been able to solve it yet, the reluctance of admitting his failure clearly audible in his tone. John promises to look into the medical records of malaria cases in late 19th century Brighton, to which Sherlock replies with a content smile. They also go through the Monkford case again. John takes notes on one of the empty notebooks he picked up from the floor, almost forgetting his boxes of food completely. He slips the notebook into his pocket afterwards and quickly finishes his dinner.
“You and I are married,” he blurts out.
Again, Sherlock can’t keep himself from smiling. They’ve started walking away from the crime scene, still facing each other. There’s nothing Sherlock would like to do more than to ask John to join him for dinner, but he doesn’t. Instead, he stops at the corner of the street where his and John’s paths part ways.
“Is that what you want?” he asks in a bloody seductive voice that cannot possibly be unintentional.
After a moment of silence, Sherlock decides to accept the offer by slowly leaning closer to John. It has gone quite dark, although not dark enough for Sherlock not to notice the way John stares at him when he actually takes the offer. John probably didn’t expect this, Sherlock thinks. Maybe this was a bad idea. But once he touches John’s side with his own, once John takes his right arm around Sherlock and starts to stroke Sherlock’s arm with his hand, all thoughts are gone.
