Peter was pretty sure resting your eyes was an old people's way of saying ‘yeah, I was totally sleeping’  without having to say the words. “I’ve got a bad feeling about this mission.”
Drawing a hard line wouldn’t work right now, though.
That had Peter seeing stars.
Bruce came over to them, Fury on his heels.
“Awesome.” Tony chucked. “This? This is fucking
Peter and Steve laughed in unison at that.
. “I ran into some guys at a comic bookstore with Ned. They said some shitty stuff about us. Really shitty stuff. Like, threats, and it- it just freaked me out because I don’t want anyone to hurt us, especially someone like that guy, and I- I, I guess- I freaked out.”
Steve’s brows furrowed. “What was the project?”
Tony found an empty room on the ship and fell into a chair. Deep breath in, deep breath out.
“Hey, kid,” he whispered, his voice cracking more than he wanted as he placed a hand on Peter’s chest. It was warm and full and moving.
Steve’s nose wrinkled. “Is that a real show?”
Tony was now the kind of husband who hung up on his panicking husband so he could have a minute with his own panicking thoughts. Steve was probably worse off than he was right now and Tony hung up. Tony hung up because he couldn’t
So he swallowed and took another sip. Two tablespoons of whatever this was.
He couldn’t even think the word.
But tonight felt out of character.
“Yeah, he’s a total fanboy.”
He was doing it.
Tony cocked an eyebrow at Steve. The clock built into the microwave said it was almost noon. Peter didn’t get up before noon, and he certainly didn’t get up to exercise. “Jarvis, how long was Peter working out?”
This would be so much easier if he had less of a conscience. He needed to spend less time with Steve.
Tony let him.
“Where’d they go?” Clint asked. He still had an arrow cocked for when the opportunity presented itself. “We saw Wheaton climbing the tower so she has to be-”
What if Peter got worse, or needed them, or wanted someone with him, or anything like that, and Steve was sleeping, completely oblivious, while his son suffered-
Everything was going the way Peter wanted it to. He was telling stories from school to keep Steve from noticing he hadn’t touched his food. And Steve was smiling and nodding, content to listen.
Right as Tony could hear Steve’s boots smacking up the stairs behind him, movement at the end of the hall caught Tony’s eye. The last door of the honors wing was ajar and swinging closed slowly. The creaking echoed along the walls and Tony felt an icy rush in his veins.
Tony walked across the length of the roof top landing pad, letting Jarvis scan the whole area. Nothing. No trace of where Wheaton may have gone and no signs that Beckham had been with her. Why would someone blow up a level of the tower and leave empty handed? If this was a distraction, what for?
After successfully throwing up everything in his stomach, Peter wanted to just go to bed and talk to Jarvis. Maybe even fall asleep with the help of one of Steve’s sleeping pills.
It was quick. A flash of blonde hair and black clad limbs scrambling up the glass.
With another deep breath, Peter followed her and they sprinted to the staircase leading to the street.
He was well underground, alone, and completely unaware of his surroundings in the dark when a titanium cage the size of a double-wide fell from the ceiling and clattered into place. Around him.
If he looked at Steve, he would start melting down and he couldn’t afford to do that right now. He needed to keep his head clear and get Steve out.
The bathroom was bathed in shadows, the only light leaking in off the street from the small window sitting above their shower.
Steve wanted to pull away, tell Tony
Steve knew Tony was right. He was always right. He was Tony Stark, and if someone could figure it out, it was him.
An hour had passed, and Peter ran a total of twelve miles and did so many sit-ups, push-ups, and lifting exercises that he could barely see through the sweat dripping down his face. It stung his eyes and a scratch on his jaw.
It was likely Peter had been like this for a few days at least, maybe even a week or two.
“Tony- I’m…”
Why did he ever think that he could make his dads stop hugging him?
Tony rolled his eyes and grumbled, “well, next time you better take Steve’s.”
It wasn’t much, but it was there. The ripple of a rib when he turned a certain way in front of the mirror. A glimpse of muscle where muscle hadn’t been visible before.
Peter didn’t stir.
However, working out with them was miserable. Steve could run Peter’s set fifteen times without breaking a sweat and lift all of the barbells in the room without even straining. Tony usually chose to work out alone (3 am was his favorite workout time), but when Tony did work out with them, he could hold his own against Peter.
They stood there, like that, for a few minutes. Steve’s heartbeat slowing down as Tony’s breathing deepened. They weren’t okay. Not by a long shot. But they were better, just being together.
There wasn’t an ambush waiting behind it, or even a lab or ominous looking maps or machines or anything.
“I’ll wake him if it comes to that.”
“You seem a little tense. Is everything okay?”
Next, Tony draped the thermal blanket over Steve’s shoulders. Steve dropped one hand from his face to hold the blanket closed at his throat. Tony tossed the quilt over the thermal.
Thankfully, S.H.I.E.L.D.’s blueprints did include the basement’s entrance at the center of the building. The team would rendezvous at the door and face whatever the hell waited for them together.
Why was he panicking?
Tony’s heart seized when he realized Steve’s eyes were watering. He took Steve in, head to toe, but he couldn’t see anything under the suit. No swelling, no blood, nothing. “Oh shit, Steve, am I hurting you? Are you hurt?”
Tony had a pair of upside-down goggles strapped to his forehead. Steve was finding it hard to take him seriously when he looked like an extra from
“Peter!” Steve yelled from the kitchen. “Pizza!”
“I, uh-”
What if his dads figured out that he was on a diet and tried to stop him or force him to eat an extra plate and then he-
Tony couldn’t fix Steve the way he fixed Jarvis or Dumb-E or any of his other creations.
At that, Nat let out a sharp exhale of air. Something almost like a… laugh?
“Nat, is he-”
To save himself from saying anything stupid, Peter clamped both hands over his mouth and nodded. Then he realized Tony couldn’t see him nodding because there was
Like a petulant child, Tony took three aggressive breaths before cocking an eyebrow. “There. I’m zen. Can we go find our son or do you need me to harmonize a chorus of kumbaya first?”
“Ned, are you asleep?”
But Peter wasn’t going to ask about it so he focused on making a nice, strong cup of coffee.
“Clint is here.”
It was over seventy degrees in the tower. Warm enough that Tony knew Peter adjusted the thermostat when Steve wasn’t home. Steve didn’t need a sweater in this climate. Especially not when he was already wearing a fleece thermal.
Steve nodded and called in the order. Tony had insisted Steve eat meals with their son to foster father-son bonding in light of the clusterfuck of that morning. Steve wasn’t sure why meals were the answer- not training or something else- but he wasn’t going to argue with spending more time with his kid.
“Gas!” She yelled.
Getting Steve out of the suit turned out to be more of a challenge than Tony expected. It was skintight and with Steve trembling beneath his hands, Tony struggled to get the material down his hips and off his thighs.
Tony was perfectly content watching Peter in the kitchen but Steve’s face said it was urgent. “Yeah. Peter, don’t go anywhere, okay? I’ll be right back.”
It hit his tongue like ambrosia. Sweet, perfect, filling
“Then let’s get out of here,” Fury yelled, waving everyone away from the gaping hole in the side of the building. “We’re exposed up here and Stark doesn’t look too good. Time to find a safe place to regroup and come up with a way to beat these bastards.”
Tony leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. His gaze wasn’t accusatory or scared the way it had been earlier that day. Maybe, exploratory? Questioning? Curious?
But based how shaky and breakable Peter looked under one of Steve’s arms, Steve was where he needed to be.
Peter was so busy talking, he hadn’t even touched his food. Both Tony’s and Ned’s plates were already empty.
These next few chapters are going to get heavy with Peter and Steve’s problems. All triggers will be listed at the end of chapter notes.
“I don’t know.”
Peter wanted nothing less but it would be too suspicious to walk away.
TW: disordered eating, substance abuse, anxiety, depression, PTSD.
“Good night, Peter.”
Tony smirked and nodded, thumbs still going. “Please don’t just eat ice cream for every meal. I’ll have Happy check in with you a few times a day. Your Pops and I should be back within a day or two. It’s just a cross country renaissance. No biggie.”
But the bunker held. The concrete vibrated, the glass quivered. But nothing gave or cracked.
But Tony couldn’t shake Steve off. Steve was strong and stubborn and Tony was
Maybe it was parental instinct. Maybe it was superhero instinct.
“Tony, you’re a terrible patient.”
“Oh my God, Steve. You totally were.”
Tony grit his teeth. He knew all too well about free falling through the sky above Manhattan. Been there, done that, not again, thank you. “I know.”
Tony flipped his face plate’s filter onto internal air seconds before Clint slumped into him and Nat stumbled up to his side. She grabbed Tony’s arm, eyes determined before falling down beside Clint, unconscious.
“Dad, you just got back!”
Hello everyone! I hope the holiday season is treating you well and if it isn't, fuck corporations for making us care about the holidays in the first place. I've been really struggling to manage my time post-finals but hopefully, I'll get into a nice writing rhythm and be able to post a bunch of chapters before classes start up again.
Besides, Peter was doing enough worrying for the whole group as it was.
Of course Captain America was a medic. Of fucking course.
He dropped his head between his knees, tried to breathe.
Steve was standing in their kitchen, a mug gripped tight in one hand, the other palm balancing his weight against the counter. He looked like death warmed over.
He could-
It was such an easy way to spend the morning that Tony almost forgot everything that had happened the night before.
Tony’s eye twitch may or may not have started up again right before Fury’s number popped up on his phone.
It wasn’t good.
Steve sighed and Bruce grimaced.
Fortunately, one hand and one leg had escaped the unmovable lump of Steve and Tony managed to prop his tablet on one knee while his fingers danced over the touch screen, adjusting and editing things as well as he could with only one hand and limited visuals.
Peter glanced at the elevator.
Steve didn’t say anything back, just breathed into the phone. He sounded just as worried as Tony felt.
And that wasn’t an option.
Now, with one super mind and one super being, they were on their way to becoming the heroes the world needed.
“Or two,” Tony allowed. Maybe even three or four if he was being entirely honest with himself. “But I’ll stop. It’s not a good example to set for our son and it’s probably not the best path to start down. See? I’m making healthy choices and everything. A whole new man.”
Tony had his ever-present tablet in front of him, his fingers racing across the screen as he fiddled with yet another invention/program/plan of his. Steve had the newspaper to his left but barely glanced at it as he ate.
Peter shook his head and stood. “I’m fine. I can do this.”
Brandon glanced down the block. They were in Brooklyn. There was a bagel shop every other foot.
Tony had refused to let the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent separate them, medical protocols be damned, and was sitting on a bench, Steve’s head on his lap.
“Not this time, kid. This isn’t up for debate.”
“You don’t seem concussed.”
“Ned, you had the flu here a couple months ago. My dad doesn’t care-”
“Ned! It’s one o’clock, dude.”
They needed to talk about tonight.
The label was burning a hole in Tony’s pocket yet he couldn’t help believing that as bad as this was, if Peter did get to see the calorie count… It would only be that much worse.
“That’s what you got out of that?” Tony inquired incredulously.
Peter’s voice followed Tony into his lab where he was trying to make a last minute repair on one of the gears in the face plate of the Iron Man suit.
A pause.
It took too long. The journey for his hand to lift from his lap to his lips. Like it was in slow motion.
Gently, Tony maneuvered the socks onto Steve’s feet. They were deathly cold, like ice blocks.
Steve chuckled at that. He was coming down off his panic attack, his heart slowing and the color returning to his face as the blankets did their magic. “I miss when we did those as a family.”
He just made a weight joke to someone struggling with disordered eating.
Peter gave himself his latest pep talk while Steve went to the front door to get the pizza.
CW: disordered eating, discussions of disordered eating
Whatever happened with Steve, it was bad. Bad enough that Tony couldn’t drag himself away for thirty seconds to talk with Peter about it.
The sun was peeking up between the skyscrapers when they made their way off the jet and onto the roof. A cold breeze tugged at the ends of Steve’s blanket and squeezed between the thick knit of his socks.
Tony was pulled back into the moment by the soft sound of Steve’s teeth chattering.
…A PTSD joke.
“What happened to your spider?”
Tony’s phone kept going off in his pocket.
“Were you two
That, too, was too easy. It was unlocked and conveniently doubled as the home’s basement. The walls, ceiling, and floor were made of solid concrete, with a few vents built into the corners. The only stuff down there was discarded medical tubing, a few used syringes in a medical waste bin, and some old plastic sheeting.
“Peter, eat, kid.” Tony nudged.
Everyone knew it was bullshit. Peter Stark-Rogers was the pinnacle of perfection when it came to school. But fortunately for everyone, Peter began to stir at that exact moment.
What Peter needed was to get up, to do something. “I’ll try to find the spare coffee pot and make you some.”
“Just let him be, Tony,” Steve said. “At least it isn’t anything bad. Exercise is a good thing.”
He was fine.
Then, Tony thought twice about that plan and loosened his grip.
“Jarvis, how’s the kid?” Steve asked, voice steady.
“Fuck, kid,” Tony whispered. “What are you trying to do? Kill yourself?”
Peter grimaced. “Uh, yeah? Why?”
He wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, latching on like Pops would dissipate if he gave him the chance. Peter knew he was shaking- he always shook when he got nervous- but Steve’s arms came to rest on his shoulders and it helped.
“Babies don’t count,” Tony mimicked. “Believe whatever you need to.”
Once Peter was in the kitchen, going through the motions of making coffee with an altered single serve coffee maker that Tony had designed for some sort of Stark Industries kitchen tech launch next season, he glanced back at the table.
“What’d you guys fight about?” Happy asked, eyes darting between the road ahead and the review mirror.
Wow. Ned was good at this. Explaining things in a way that didn’t quell Peter’s anxiety- nothing could eliminate it completely- but enough for his heart to slow and his mind to clear. “You’re right.”
Peter may have slinked out of the room during that one. And aptly put a mild sedative in Steve’s next drink.
Tony did
It was a balancing act.
Peter tightened his arms across his ribs and scowled. It would be easier to focus if Steve wasn’t waving a slice of pizza in his face. “Yeah. Pops, it’s just a stomach thing, okay? I’ll be fine in the morning. Just- just leave me alone.”
“It’s fine. Birdy, Nat, Rapunzel, and I will go.” Clint looked like he was about to protest but Nat shut him down. “Fury, all three of us are human. If they defeat us, there’s no DNA to swipe. Nothing for them to steal. You’ve got babysitting duty, Saint Nick. Watch Cap, Bruce, and the kid.”
Pro tip: it was easier to not eat when someone was watching the TV instead of you.
Why didn’t Tony see that this was the way to do that?
Eventually, Steve had to reassume the role of team captain and pull himself off the floor. He squeezed Peter’s shoulder before joining the array of angry and exasperated Avengers in the center of the apartment.
Peter was out before his head hit the floor.
Both Tony and Steve were taken aback. Peter was whiny, and difficult, and a tad hormonal.
As soon as Tony got home, he was going to figure all of it out.
Tony took the steps two at a time and almost fell flat on his face when he reached the top one.
Which wasn’t super surprising, really, considering they were all superheroes who changed from civilian clothes into superhero suits regularly and publicly. But Peter couldn’t help himself from staring. At his dad. Like a complete and total weirdo.
. All it would take is one bite and Peter would eat the whole plate. Two whole plates. Maybe even three.
“Tony, tell Happy to bring blankets, socks, gloves… all of it.”
“Back to the problem at hand. I’ve got good news and bad news.”
Something was indeed missing from their raid. Someone.
Tony didn’t buy it. “Ned is bald. Literally. Why would he take your shampoo?”
By the time he was done, he was ready to choke Fury out, Hulk-style.
“Okay.” Tony’s hands went up and out in surrender. “Fine. You’re right. Nothing is going on and I’m overreacting. Prove me wrong.”
. “C’mon!”
Thankfully, the tower had soundproof rooms.
He found them at the front of the ship, Nat finally done yelling at the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and lounging like a cat while Clint toyed with a grenade arrowhead.
After checking his phone for any important notifications, Peter made his way back to the residential level. Tony and Steve were both sitting at the table waiting for him.
“Tony, I need-”
Liz stared down at her hand. Her fingers had stuck to his sleeve. She was finally starting to get the hang of this sticky skin thing. That, and her nails were perfect right now. “Sounds great, babe.”
He had no way of knowing that going back to bed would make everything that much worse.
Tony dragged a hand down his face. “What do you think it is? Do you think it’s his anxiety again?”
“I’m sorry, brother,” Thor said, a large grin taking over his face. “I was just excited to see you all and got carried away.”
It didn’t escape his attention that they both looked a little too giddy- or maybe rosy was a better term- for the middle of the day.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s saying it gently, but we don’t need you,” Nat finished.
Tony’s other hand cupped Steve’s jaw when Steve turned his face toward Tony, eyes struggling to open. “Tony?”
Tony’s eyes softened and he wanted to pull Peter onto his lap like he did back when Peter didn’t go past his hip. “It’s fine. No hard feelings. Just don’t do it again.”
It's time for the first full chapter!
“Steve, Tony.”
Steve’s arms moved like he was going to pull Peter in for a hug and Peter turned on his heel in time to pretend he didn’t notice. He wasn’t mad at Steve but he didn’t want to hug him right now either.
Brandon and Liz walked down the street, blending right in with the rest of the college-age somethings and millennials.
But his mind flashed back to the night before when Peter scurried off like being touched by Steve burned his skin.
“It just feels too easy.” Tony released his faceplate so he could rub the bridge of his nose. “That’s all.”
His son had programmed a self-destruct code in Jarvis without his permission. Peter had gotten through Stark firewalls and successfully hacked into the Tower’s defense system.
look over the rim of his ‘Don’t Bother the Boss’ mug.
“Yeah, yeah, love you, too.” Tony’s faceplate snapped into place with an audible
“Wow, can’t even bother to wake up as I pour my heart out. Tough crowd.”
Tony knew how Steve would feel about it, so he’d need to keep it on the DL, but he enlisted the help of Clint and Nat.
The agent snapped in relief. “Exactly like a bunker. A bunker where another super serum is being produced. Except, unlike you Mr. Rogers-”
God, what had Steve told him about first aid? Tony should’ve paid attention instead of spending the whole lesson trying to get Steve to spank him. It would’ve been useful information to remember about now.
“Then why are you still eating?”
He kept the quilt though.
“It’s about Peter,” Bruce began. “I was checking his shoulders since they were dislocated when he caught you-” Tony’s face fell at the idea of Peter getting hurt while trying to save him but Steve’s hand dropping onto his thigh before he could spiral too far. “Guys, his spine? It’s bruised. Pretty bad, too. And the bruising is old in some spots, new in others. Do you have any idea what it’s from? I’m only telling you because I would want to know if it was my kid.”
Steve smiled. “Good. I’m proud of you.”
Tony angled his palm so the beam would go over Steve’s head if he was standing nearby and fired at the upper seam of the door. Gradually, the steel began to melt away and light leaked into the hall.
He took a minute to collect himself, remember his son. Peter would need reassurances, explanations…
Peter had to catch him with a web blast.
Even Steve and Natasha weren’t on board with the odds of this mission.
The shoulder attached to the arm carrying Tony came undone, too.
“Tony, there’s no way I’m letting you go by yourself. Not without knowing-”
Tony explained what he knew. Clint knew most of it from the debriefing and from the fact that he was there. But no one had told him that the crazies had gotten Peter, too.
“Kid, you could defeat Supergirl with your eyes closed,” Tony said.
“We need to talk, Peter.”
“Fine.” Steve kissed Tony quickly, chastely, before turning on his heel and walking towards the elevator. “I’ll be here.”
Well, it turned out Nat had a full hospital worth of medical supplies hidden in the floorboards of her bathroom. Bandages, smelling salts, scalpels, bags of saline, even something that looked suspiciously like a saline bag filled with a type of poison. What was any of this even for?
“I’m not trying to micromanage you!” Tony huffed. “Steve, you can’t go without sleep.”
What was going on?
Without a single question, all three of them scoured the ship. Clint found an oversized quilt Bruce ‘borrowed’ during a mission when he un-hulked in a Bed Bath & Beyond. Nat found a thermal blanket in the first aid kit. Tony found a pair of thick wooly socks from an Alaskan gift shop Thor has forgotten about.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t see why not. Tell Ned hello for me.”
Clint beamed. “Any time, kid.”
When the jet landed, Steve took the thermal blanket off and folded it. Put it back in the kit.
Peter was showering off the full body sweat he’d worked up during his run- which Tony fully intended to grill him about later because since when was Peter into fitness?- when Jarvis informed Tony that there was a S.H.I.E.L.D. assignment waiting for him on his desk and Fury had labeled it ‘
“Awesome planning there, Peter,” he mumbled to himself, shoulders braced against the breeze. “Really, awesome. The school it is.”
Peter’s eyes were wide and scared. Sometimes Tony forgot Peter was a kid. No kid should be around for this. “Dad, is he-”
They were sitting on the floor in what they could only assume was one of Nat’s secret apartments. The apartment was the usual NYC loft but felt even bigger since it was almost completely empty. There was a cot in the corner, a single set of utensils, a large mug, and a collection of items in the bathroom. That was it. Nothing else to prove someone lived there.
“Don’t ask,” she said before any of four men could even formulate a question. Peter looked like he might stroke out.
What Tony didn’t expect was for Peter to lie about drinking it and then dump it down the sink right in front of him.
In the back of Tony’s mind, a voice whispered,
It was five am at the tower and Tony and Steve couldn’t sleep. Steve didn’t sleep much anymore period, and Tony was a moonlighting insomniac, but tonight it was more than their owns demons that haunted them.
“Dad, you’re lying to me.” Peter said, simply, like he was relaying the weather or time of day. His voice dropped to barely above a whisper. “It’s another cold episode, isn’t it?”
At first, Peter couldn’t tell why Tony’s voice felt like it was coming from behind him. He was half blind from the tears and half deaf from the rage pounding in his ears.
Steve didn’t respond. He was hugging his chest, teeth lightly chattering. His eyes red and glassy.
The dieting website, the one he found on social media, said all of this was normal.
Without a word, she climbed the structure and slipped into the cage through one of the larger mesh openings at the top. It was tight, but she fit.
“I’m not lecturing you on anything-”
“I’m-” Tony’s eyes were wide, his face slack. He was scared. “I don’t-”
Pulling his hood tighter and tucking his hands into his armpits, Peter trekked to school.
Thank you to all of the lovely folks who left kudos and comments these past few weeks! They were much appreciated. :)
Steve couldn’t believe he had fallen for this.
Maybe Tony had programmed Jarvis a little too well. “Absolutely.” Tony’s thumps hooked into the waistline of Steve’s briefs and he spun him around, his mouth trailing down Steve’s neck while Steve mumbled about needing to make sure the eggs didn’t burn.
Had he fallen and passed out? Or passed out and then fallen?
“Less protest, Petey.” Tony groaned as he slumped against Steve’s side. His whole body hurt. “More fleeing.”
Nat stepped forward. “I’ve got a spot but we’ll need to split up. It’s a few blocks from here. We don’t want to be followed.”
Steve and Peter shouted at him in perfect unison.
His mind was sifting through images of Peter unconscious from dehydration or hunger, mangled from a fall because he was too weak to properly grip onto a wall, even-
It made sense. If Wheaton had powers, and Beckham could get one of the suits, they would be an actual threat. A wannabe Stark-Rogers duo.
Peter blanched. He knew exactly what Tony was going to say. And it terrified him.
Steve gave Peter an incredulous look. “Don’t say that. No one is looking at us. Even if they were, it doesn’t matter. They are jealous of our view, though. This skyline is much prettier than Nick Fury.”
Judging from Steve’s pensive stare, he was feeling something similar.
By the time his Spidey sense kicked in-
“No!”
Steve looked pale, even compared to that morning when Tony had come in. “Peter is programming Jarvis now? How did he- when did he do that?”
Peter flinched.
“Peter!” Tony called out.
Tony grimaced. “He knows. But I’ll remind him.”
Peter blanched and yelped. “Jarvis, don’t! Code six two six!”
The elevator ride was filled with awkward silence.
“Peter, please. Just a slice.” Steve held the plate out, desperation leaking into his words.
“I’m not going after them like this, Clint,” Tony snapped.
It had been a couple of days since Steve’s cold episode and on the surface, everyone was doing great.
Steve said, trying and failing to mask the panic and pain in his own voice.
“Get ready to talk fast, Fury.”
“Peter?”
That would come back to bite all of them in the ass.
Peter murmured ‘thanks’ before sprinting up from the couch.
Tony turned to Thor just in time to see another rocket cresting over the skyline, coming straight for him.
They locked eyes. Both stopped in place.
“What?” Tony asked, gesturing with his fork at Peter’s plate. Peter only had a single scoop of eggs on his plate. No bacon. “Are you still full from all that pizza and whatever other sugary garbage you and Ned ate last night?”
“Spangles is a boomer. I can barely get him to see his own, S.H.I.E.L.D. mandated therapist. No couple’s therapist.”
Tony needed to get off the phone. He needed to hang up before he got even more unsettled. This wasn’t a good way to prepare for a raid on a techno-genius’s house. He needed to have a clear head. “Steve, they’re calling us in for a meeting. I promise, I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.”
Once breakfast was on the table, Tony and Peter sat down across from each other and served themselves. Tony was famished. Peter… it was complicated.
“So. Just us, kid.”
Steve pulled Tony to his feet and looped an arm around his husband’s waist while Tony struggled to sling his own arm across Steve’s broad shoulders. Usually, Tony loved how much taller Steve was. Right now, it felt like trying to hold onto the side of car.
Peter’s eyes lit up like Christmas. “Really?”
“Jarvis,” Peter croaked before launching into a coughing fit. His lungs felt like they were stuffed with sandpaper. He needed water. “Tell them I’m fine. Don’t-”
“Tony, what are we going to do?”
Steve sighed. “Sounds perfect.”
Peter thought.
Bruce smiled and Tony smacked him on the chest.
The mechanics above and in front of Tony whirred and he turned to see Nat and Clint drag Steve out of the way.
Ned smiled and turned back to the movie.
“I ate breakfast with Pops,” Peter snapped. Tony almost stepped back at the shift. He would’ve flinched if he hadn’t been leaning on a worktable. “You saw us. Why are you asking me this?”
Tony pulled away and marched up to the front doors of the school, yanking on the handles. “Steve it’s locked, how are we going to-”
“Mhm,” Tony mumbled, dragging Steve toward the bedroom. “Say bye-bye Jarvis.”
“Dad, please-”
Steve glanced at his own empty mug once Peter ran out of steam. “I hate when he does that. I wanted some, too.”
“Yeah, yeah. Says every teenager at the beginning of every horror movie ever.” Tony pressed a button on the suitcase and within seconds, red and gold metal unfurled and Tony was no longer his dad, but Iron Man. Peter could see his plastered smile in the reflective metal of Tony’s faceplate. “Since you chose to ignore this rule last time, I’m going to say it again until it gets through your thick, underdeveloped, teenage skull.”
Bruce and Fury went next, Bruce casting a look Peter’s way before Fury ushered him down the stairwell.
Thank you to all the kudos and comment leavers! There no better way to wake up than some AO3 emails about other people reading your crackpipe fanfiction.
“Tony- I know it’s in my head…
If that was her… if that was the asshole who took Steve out back on the West Coast… What if she had done that to his son? Peter was special, like Steve, but he was just a teenager.
“Peter? Are you okay?” Suddenly, Tony was standing right in front of him, his hands resting on Peter’s shoulders. “You went all spacey there for a moment.”
“You’re right. I saw you this morning.” Tony’s tone was deceptively nonchalant. The tone he used when he had caught someone in a lie and both parties knew it. “But what about yesterday? Give me a summary.”
Next, he took to the barbells. Steve had shown him how to use them properly a few times (all the different types of reps) but until now Peter had always done his own thing. Now, he was ready to start taking his workouts seriously.
“Like a bunker?” Steve asked.
liked) and had to pretend he didn’t want it. Those were hard.
“Uh, I’m not sure about Pops.” Peter’s chest burned at the thought. He still hadn’t seen Steve since they got back from the mission. And it didn’t seem like Tony was planning to budge on letting Peter see him anytime soon; not when Steve was having a cold episode. “But yeah, Dad will be there.”
Peter was sharper. Thinner.
Enjoy!
“Jarvis is on it,” Tony supplied.
Tony knocked Peter’s arm with his. Peter nudged him back.
“If I tell you, I don’t have to tell anyone else?”
“If it makes you feel better,” Ned said, “I only read them so I can write accurate fanfiction versions.”
“That’s right, buddy. Can’t deal with the Avengers, can ya?”
“Tony, if you need to go home, we can-” Clint began.
“Shut up with that,” Tony grumbled. “You almost died. It’s okay to need some time to process it.”
Thank you to everyone who leaves kudos and comments. Reading (and rereading) your kind words really does encourage me and reminds me the little writing voices that say "your work sucks, no one cares, why are you even trying" are jealous little assholes who wish they had a writing community like I do.
“Yeah.”
Peter cranked the water in his bathroom and hoped the noise wouldn’t wake Pops. It was a little after eight, so he was probably already awake, but Peter didn’t want to deal with that yet.
“Mhm.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t want them to ask questions or put together the pieces as to how or why exactly he was currently laying in a puddle of his own sweat and unable to get up off the floor.
“Peter?”
Tony groaned and glanced down, just noticing his shirt looked he had been shot. “Oh, well, fuck. Steve, you got sauce all over my shirt, you perv-”
Peter didn’t reply but Tony figured he would listen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shrugged. “School? Ned’s? He wouldn’t go to any of the Stark Industries offices or to any of the other Avengers. He knows we’d find him.”
“Tell my dads I’ll be waiting for them when they get home.”
Steve caught on and went to get dressed himself. They couldn’t comb the streets for their son with Steve in his underwear. “Yeah, me, too.”
Tony’s hand was on Steve’s arm, urging his husband to follow him, but Steve didn’t move. He shook his head and ran his palms down his face. “Tony, I can’t. Not with- not knowing Peter…”
Peter expected Steve to get angry or continue to fight him on it.
Peter soothed.
“Well, we might be living this way for a bit, depending on the plan.” Cap rubbed the back of his neck and ran a hand back and forth over his hair, trying to lessen the cowl-head as much as he could.
It was a level of trust Tony didn’t take lightly.
If this guy had good intentions, Steve would give the samples willingly. Medicine and scientific advancements saved his life. But that kind of power, in the wrong hands, could be used to end lives. And Steve couldn’t have that.
Tony wanted to scream.
He pulled his mask down over his face. Nat couldn’t worry about what she couldn’t see, right?
Considering how hard Peter’s hands were shaking, Tony had been wrong.
Clint rubbed the back of his neck, lacing his fingers together. “I don’t like this, Tony. They left us here. So whatever they wanted, they have it now. And we have nothing.”
Tony’s arms were crossed and he didn’t look convinced. Steve’s worry was the only emotion Peter could read off of him.
Steve didn’t say anything to that, just dropped his face into his hands and breathed.
The three of them sat there absorbing the information. Bruce grimaced as Steve’s hand massaged the cap of Tony’s knee. It wasn’t an easy mental image to sit with. Peter, wide eyed and frantic, pushing through dozens of sit ups in the dark as his spine purpled…
The suit peeled back from Tony’s body, revealing sweatpants and a ragged MIT sweatshirt.
Tony got up and went into their industrial pantry. Peter was worried if he tried to turn the chair and watch he might knock the chair over. His whole body weak with anxiety.
“Oh. Yeah, you’re right. But no, I was talking about my dads.”
Which was good, Peter guessed, because that meant it didn’t happen often.
“Jarvis.”
His time in the bathroom reminded him of two things: one, pizza wasn’t healthy, wasn’t good for him. Two, the new Peter Parker was going to be a superhero. Not just Spider-Man, saver of cats and dogs and half-blind old women crossing the street, but Spider-Man, newest Avenger.
“I’m-” Steve began, fingers knotted in his hair as he tried to quell his shivering. “Tony, I’m so-”
“Okay.” Bruce snapped gloves on. “All right. Let me see your back.”
CW: disordered thoughts on food and body dysmorphia.
But he couldn’t eat it either. Not
“Steve! Peter!
safe. What happened on the last mission... To Pops.
“Alright, Richie Rich, where is your pampered ass hiding?”
? Someone would have called them from the tower, someone would have-
Tony’s eyebrows furrowed. “I don’t understand. Kid, that’s why I want you to tell me what’s happening.”
“Is there anything we can do to help?”
Watching the hurried streets of Manhattan below him was a much more interesting way to pass the time.
Tony texted Happy to come get them at the school with one of the least flashy cars. Maybe the Audi or the scratched Ferrari. While Tony’s fingers flew across the keys, Steve took off his jacket and put it over Peter.
Tony’s hand was shaking so hard he had to use both hands to hold the phone to his ear. “Shit, Steve.”
Steve sighed. “Tony-”
“Tony?”
“Trust me, I would hand off this baton quicker than Peter passing up on eating his veggies, but I’m the only Avenger available who knows shit about technology and science. Even if I let Nat, Clint, and Thor handle this mission alone, one of those dodos will accidentally grab a futuristic nail clipper instead of the devices or samples we need.”
“Friends! I bring spoils from the greatest bakery on this planet!” Hawkeye thundered in a terrible Thor impression. “Man, that sounded much more god-like in my head, but hey. I tried. And I brought bagels.”
Tony’s hand shot out and shut off the water.
Much faster than Peter had ever been.
Nat sat beside him while she finished her half, purposefully chewing slowly and within Peter’s view. As if enjoying the food in his line of sight would entice him to eat something himself.
Fuck. This guy was a performer. As a performer himself, Tony knew this was only going to get worse.
Then, Tony gently nudged his leg under the table and asked what was going on. But he didn’t ask the way Tony usually asked, with a side dish of side eye and a mouthful of snark. Instead, Tony’s eyes were soft, pleading, and that always messed with Peter’s head.
Tony turned away and scanned the walls for something, anything.
Clint glanced up. “Um. Examining it.”
Those little touches said so much more than their words ever could.
“Pops,” Peter whispered, refusing to look at either of his fathers. “You have to say that. You’re my dad.”
He pressed a palm right below his ribs. Peter could feel the empty spot. The missing bulge of his stomach where food would sit and soak after dinner.
“The… the what?”
Tony’s knees felt shaky as he dropped to them at Steve’s side. He ran a gloved hand over Steve’s chest, felt the shallow rise and fall of his lungs.
Peter could tell he was on the verge of tears and the humiliation of crying over snack food made him want to cry even more. Ever since this diet started, he was always crying and panicking and having breakdowns over the tiniest things. He hated it. “Please don’t make me eat those, Dad. Please. I can’t! I can’t eat those. They- they’re bad for me.”
“Thanks, Peter.”
Eating was hard but seeing how not eating hurt his dads… that was the actual worst.
A skipped meal was closer to a skipped day.
“I’m going to talk to him later. Right now, let me help you, alright?”
Tony was surprised by how terrible his son looked. He seemed sickly. But not just physically. There was something blank and desperate behind Peter’s eyes that made Tony’s blood run cold.
Fury got twelve hours before Tony turned the jet around to go be with his family.
Too many calories.
“Gentlemen, I hate to interrupt whatever this is, but we need to strategize. We’re in Romanov’s apartment and we have no idea what we’re going to do to get out of it.” Fury knew he was walking into something important, but they didn’t have time for distractions. Especially distractions that left two of his best heroes looking frail.
Instead, Peter nestled further into the cushions and turned the volume up on the movie so Ned wouldn’t hear the gurgles.
They sat there, in the dark, with the sounds of sirens and car horns and humming billboards sanding the edges of their emotions. The city had that effect. The noise. The constant buzz of lives being lived. The gentle shine of the moon through Nat’s two windows.
Peter was preaching to a choir.
Since the project itself was fake, Peter was 100% sure the science behind it was equally terrible, but Steve was listening raptly, breakfast forgotten.
Peter wanted to stand up and shake it off but his whole body ached from the impact. Just touching his cheek took enough energy to reignite the black dots in his vision. Instead, he rolled onto his back and finally tuned in to Jarvis’s ramblings.
“I mean, I’m no expert on his body chemistry-”
Tony shared a few words with Happy- confirming that Peter had stayed in last night and Ned was still here- before turning his attention back to Steve.
movies and Ned couldn’t handle it. He’ll be sleeping until noon at the earliest.”
“Is it just me or was dinner…” Tony gestured while the right words escaped him.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, the words gravelly and broken.
That was how long Tony laid on the glorified frat couch in his workspace while Steve cut off the circulation to half of his limbs.
CW: disordered eating, attempted induced vomiting, body dysmorphia
“I-I can’t do that.” Peter growled in frustration and pawed at his face. “You just won’t get it! Okay? You won’t- you can’t understand because you’re-”
Tony climbed in beside his husband. Usually, the heat emanating from the other body across the bed was enough to lull Tony to sleep, just like a lullaby.
“Tony-”
His resolve was too weak to refuse.
Steve frowned, crossing his arms over his fresh shirt. “That was definitely weird. Do you think he’s okay? Maybe I should go talk to him.”
. He could feel it in the marrow of his bones.
Peter sniffed and dragged his palm beneath his nose. He wasn’t stupid. Tony had taken the sticker off so he wouldn’t try to check the calories or processed sugars. “Dad, where’s the sticker?”
“Alright. Let’s pack all of this up, grab the trust fund fetus, and get back on the jet,” Tony ordered. “Once the perimeter has been cleared and we’ve checked the rest of the house, there’s nothing more to do here. Nat can question the fetus with S.H.I.E.L.D. and I’ll work with Bruce to see what the hell all of this was used for.”
“Well, there’s a career I can write off my list.”
“Why do I feel like we’re in a coffin?” Clint murmured much louder than he intended to.
“Steve!”
Fury joined Clint across the room and Steve elbowed Tony just hard enough to get his husband’s attention. “Really? You had to say that?”
“Because… because you’re Iron Man, okay?” Peter shook, trembled painfully, but his voice was forceful. “You can’t understand because you’re
It was time for young people to have their own heroes. And Brandon and Liz were ready to be those heroes.
“How much did he have riding on that round?”
, grounded him in a way nothing else could.
“Hit us with the bad news first,” Bruce murmured, thumbing through one of the files. “That way we end on a good note.”
Tony carefully rolled Peter onto his back and smacked him on the cheek. “Wake up, wake up…”
Of course, there was no sign of Steve’s sample.
“You better be right.” Clint shook out his shoulders. “There nothing to hide behind up there. Also, there’s a bit of a fall to think about.”
“Fury did call them in. It’s a full team operation.”
“Your body is like that, too, Peter. Except you’re a teenager, which means you need even more. You need about six or seven times the amount of calories- energy- a teenage boy eats. That’s not because you’re gluttonous or unhealthy or anything. It’s because your body chemistry is more advanced and accelerated.
His hands were shaking as he sank to his knees beside his son, dropping everything to the side and taking the iron suit off again.
Steve smiled again, but it didn’t reach his eyes. It was the soft smile he gave people when they yelled at him at press conferences and he stood there, taking it. The polite smile.
“Get some sleep, okay? I’ll come get you for lunch.”
Steve cackled at that.
Tony and Steve adopted Peter when he was barely a toddler but the adoption agency had warned them that when Peter’s parents had died, Peter had been in the house. All these years, there was no evidence that Peter remembered anything (he had been asleep and only woken up when the police searched the house) but that didn’t mean bad memories couldn’t return.
“Peter?” Came Steve’s voice. “We need to talk.”
Steve glanced up from the pan of pancakes he was tending to. “He wasn’t in his room?”
“Sorry, but I smell bullshit, so let’s try again.”
But right below his left ear, in the hollow space between his jaw and neck, was a bloody patch the size of a thumbnail.
Steve ran a hand over his hair and sighed, taking a seat at the kitchen island while Tony cocked a hip against the countertop. “Tony, I’m worried about him.”
“JARVIS?”
“You know what?” Peter snapped his fingers and touched his chin thoughtfully. “How about we talk about something more interesting? I ate food yesterday, okay? I don’t remember what, because I left my food diary in Queens, but let’s just skip this part. Let’s go back to you going on another mission tonight after what happened last time with-”
“Peter, hold on!”
Steve massaged the bridge of his nose. “Unfortunately. It’s that tech kid again. He’s in Brooklyn with his girlfriend. The one who got Peter earlier.” Steve pulled his phone out and tapped a few times. “Look at this. Someone posted it online.”
Tony stood up and found one of Steve’s protein shakes in the fridge. It was an experimental formula that tasted like regular chocolate milk but packed almost eight hundred calories.
Peter didn’t stop to think.
Unfortunately, two more guards came for Tony.
Steve’s shoulders deflated a little but his face was still stoic and cold.
But they didn’t feel like Peter.
Shit, Steve was in the red, too.
Tony shook his head and kissed Steve’s forehead. It was like kissing something fresh out of the freezer. “Peter will be okay for an hour or two. Let’s get you warm and then we can figure out how to help our son.”
“Peter, c’mon. No naptime for super spiders.”
Peter took charge of lunch, grilled cheese and tomato soup, while Tony cleaned up. Somehow, Peter would come out of the workshop without a fleck of dust in his hair while Tony always came out looking like a coal miner.
I hope everyone’s semester is off to a good start! Mine starts next week and I’m nervous, to say the least. However, I’m also really glad for a safe reason to leave my apartment and see other people, even if it is from behind a mask.
Tony knew all of this from the report, and because Steve had told him early one morning, but it still messed with him. Hearing their son’s voice coming from someone else… he didn’t like the idea of that.
A day passed, then another, and Steve wasn’t going to make it. Next Wednesday was too far away. At night, Steve’s usual array of nightmares morphed, anxiety forcing them all to fixate on Stane. Stane shouting, Stane hitting him, Stane forcing his knot on Tony. He wasn’t going to be able to wait.
"This seems unnecessarily dangerous," Steve managed to get out. He couldn't stop his feet from tapping against the concrete floor. The rest of the crew and flight technicians were far enough away that they couldn't hear them, spared them no glance, but Steve couldn't help the need to look up and check, the heat that threatened his cheeks.
Tony noticed.
But instead, Steve zipped Tony back up and slid into the spot next to him. Tony knew he looked like Steve had just rocked his world, and Steve seemed more than satisfied by it. “What do you say, Tony?” Steve asked, voice taking on a low edge.
It was also undeniably clear that Steve had been underestimating the effort Tony put into his physique. His body was lean but sturdy, and his bare legs showed off thick cords of muscle sculpted from more than just piloting the suit. The arm Tony spun the tie around flexed as it bent, in a way that Tony's suit jackets and silk robes never highlighted. A flash of guilt heated in Steve's stomach when he thought about how easily he dismissed Tony as the weakest and softest of all of them. Tony's naked body, rippling with muscle, was clear evidence that it wasn't true.
“Of course, Tony.” Steve felt heat rush across his cheeks, his wings fluttering behind him then pulling tightly against his back. Tony chuckled and Steve learned that his laugh sounded warm and lovely, when fondness weaved through it. “Anytime,” Steve added.
“No. You’re just incredible. And ridiculous. And incredibly ridiculous.”
The sun had set by the time Steve returned to the hotel. He thought about going to his apartment and calling Tony from there, but every stranger he passed, from the SHIELD offices to Brooklyn, he eyed with suspicion. There was the SHIELD driver who asked him too many questions when he dropped him off. There was the couple loitering with a cigarette outside the hotel, the concierge with a too friendly smile. All of them, at least in Steve’s mind, knew where Tony was, knew how to access him, knew how to get information back to Stane.
Tony had to admit he was lucky that James appreciated an impulsive surprise. Taking it in stride, James leaned back on his heels with his arms crossed and smirked. He’d still followed Tony’s lead. Accompanied by a quip, of course. “If a battleship isn’t a cruise ship, neither is your private yacht.”
“Relax, I’m kidding. We’re on duty, Cap.” He leaned in close. “Well, for now.”
The clock on the far wall chimed three and they both stopped talking, hurrying to pick up the game. Stane would be back soon. Tony pushed in his chair, walking back to the chaise lounge with obvious discomfort. “Here,” Steve called, walking over to slide his arm around Tony’s waist and pull his arm over Steve’s shoulders. He helped him to chaise.
Steve opened the cabinet and pulled out two glasses, filling them with water from the kitchenette sink. As he walked by the sofa, he passed a glass to Tony where he lay on his stomach, back healing. The couch was occupied, and the only other place to sit was the bed. Steve put the glass down, wringing his hands before sitting on the very edge, of the far corner, on the foot of the bed. Steve had never been so aware of his scent, not wanting to mark any more of this new space with alpha scent than he needed to.
and then continued it when three more songs before the rest of the acts joined them for the final number. The earlier acts were taking the stage but BTS were sprawled over a pair of sofas and each other. It reminded Tony a bit of a pile of puppies that even Tony admitted looked adorable. It also helped with the security detail, because having them all in one place proved beneficial.
Happy Update Day!
“Now can someone tell me why there’s a bright, blue hippie van in the garage?”
The Shield.
Tony ran his hands up Steve’s legs, his cock twitching at the groan it pulled from Steve. Steve tipped forward until his forehead pressed against the wall, body angled over Tony.
Tony laughed. “That sounds like a “you” job--Wait, date? Right. So we’re on the same page. I thought so too--Good.” Tony knew he was rambling, but happiness bubbling inside his chest tended to do that to him. Luckily, Steve looked endeared and before Tony could continue his ramble the solo broke into an upbeat dance number and both of them were pulled into the beat, moving and swaying to the bass.
“Howard?” Steve easily recalled the man that made his shield. Tony nodded, presumably thinking that Steve only knew the man from the stories he’s told, maybe a webpage bio; Tony had no idea that he’d practically served with the man. His heart raced at the truth, the need to tell it to Tony, how anything he said right now would be a lie. His stomach clenched and he wanted to reach out and stop him as he walked away, down the main aisle.
Tony woke to a trail of kisses along his lower back, Steve’s hand sliding across his skin.
The elevator doors chimed behind them and loud footsteps followed. “Please,” Tony begged, still to Steve. “Please leave. The stairs--” Tony pointed behind him and with security right behind him he had no other choice but to listen.
This time, Steve didn’t jolt backwards and fall out of the capsule, none of him hit the floor of the spaceship.
Tony looked over his shoulder and winked. Anthony winked back. Steve cleared his throat and blushed. “I--I can show you around,” he stammered. “If you’d like.”
The next Wednesday they met, Tony didn’t say a word to him, instead he tugged Steve’s hand, leading him back into the elevator as soon as Steve arrived, pressing the button for the lowest basement level, two floors below the garage. The metal doors slid closed behind them and what was usually a companionable silence had Steve rocking on his heels, topics running through his head about what Tony might be surprising him with. Only a few of his thoughts were anything good. Steve scanned Tony’s profile; he seemed anxious, but it appeared to be rooted in excitement as opposed to trepidation.
Steve shook his head. “You should, I have more reserves.”
When Steve slid back in less than an hour later, Tony was still asleep, so he left the cheeseburgers on the table by the door and slipped back out, fixing the Do Not Disturb sign on the doorknob. Adrenaline surged through him every time he thought of Stane, and he used it to propel him forward and move his feet towards the subway. The packed platform bustled around him, but Steve could only focus on the decision before him. One direction led to Stane--his hands felt the phantom urge of strangling around Stane’s neck, the tendons snapping under the force of his strength...It’d be so easy. The other direction led to SHIELD, intel and planning, time to strategize with Tony.
The armor hummed as Tony spun and flew away, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts, which he very much did not want to be. Back in the cockpit, Steve kept his focus on the vastness of space. Thankfully, Tony found a similar and, unusual for him, sense of silence. The power of the endless universe did wonders for shutting up arguably the best rambler Steve had ever met.
Tony whimpered and obeyed, mattress shifting as it bore the weight of his palms. His cock bobbed out in front of him out of his open zipper, hovering over their comforter. His breath caught as Steve’s footsteps came closer. He couldn’t let it out again until Steve’s large hand pressed against his lower back, heat making its way through the layers of his suit to spark goosebumps along his spine. Steve lowered his hand, running its warmth with a familiar, possessive touch over his ass. One soft stroke slipped into the crease between his cheeks, and Tony did his best not to press back into Steve's palm, seeking more warmth and pressure. With Steve in this mood, he didn’t want to risk the man moving away entirely, just to tease him even more.
Tony floated in absolute nothingness before slamming into a force field, then he bounced again and again, and again, before landing on rough ground, grass under his hands and a tree trunk colliding with the back of his head. “Fuck!” Tony groaned, multi-colored sparks lighting the back of his eyelids. He felt underwater, wrong-side-right, disorientated, even the air tasted different when he finally managed a breath.
His conscience wavered, flickered, turned his thoughts sour. Because he had known, had seen the bruises from that very first day.
From deep in his throat, Steve roared; his eyes blurred and he kicked off the back of the elevator and sprinted down the hallway. There was no question as to where Tony was being held. He knew. His scent, his heart, his mind, it was all linked to Tony. At the end of the hall, the door was double enforced and tripled locked but it didn’t stand a chance against Steve. Not now, not when he was seething and single minded. It crashed open, right off the hinges.
WinterHawk + Don’t you dare for anonymous
The stranger nodded.
“Oh, did you now? You know, some privacy sounds wonderful.” Tony dropped his arms from around Steve’s neck and grabbed his hand, leading them out of the front row seats. Tony swore their footsteps sped up as they got closer to the green room, and he found himself laughing, giddy as Steve pushed open the door to the room they knew would be empty, the seven occupants still on stage.
“How did--I mean.” He let out a wet laugh. “Howard Stark collected my mother’s diary?”
“You’ve thought about it, haven’t you?”
Tony barked out another laugh, which dissolved into giggles again when Steve started another round of raspberry kisses across his abdomen. “I didn’t–” Tony sucked in a breath “–think flowers required repayment.”
As soon as they appeared, the group froze. Then, all hell broke loose. The shifters must’ve tried their powers, realized they weren’t going to get very far, and decided to immediately reach for their concealed weapons. The two remaining victims tried to run from the scene but Cap blocked their way, told them to stay close--they needed to make sure they captured the right culprits.
Fuck. He was hard, completely distracted from his meeting, and he hadn’t even read the accompanying message yet. Tony pictured himself on Steve’s lap, Steve’s hard cock rubbing through those damn khakis against Tony’s ass. Or maybe Steve wanted him on his knees between those spread thighs, unzipping his pants and pulling out his hard, thick--
Steve took the sleek remote out of his pocket and flicked the vibration back on.
Thanks again for reading! Feel free to come chat with me over on tumblr at ashes0909.tumblr.com or over on fandom Discords. If you liked this story, I do have a sequel currently in the planning stages, so keep a look out if you're interested!
“Who doesn’t?” Rumlow added, but Steve’s mind clung to the information. There had to be something there, something Tony could use against him to break from Stane. Something that would help. He thought of Tony, genius Tony who designed a nanomask in his free time. He’d know what to do with the information.
“Sunflowers, huh?” he asked no one in particular. “Pretty color.”
“I thought the stars hadn’t arrived yet,” Tony said to Steve, leaning close because he needed to ensure Steve heard him. It wasn’t at all because he wanted to stay close to him when had no excuse to, in this larger space.
Tony sniffed. “I’d have let him go on about you if he’d started.”
bleed on it! Now he wants to send you off--”
“--always been ungrateful”-- a muffled shout and Steve was halfway down the hall and he ran so fast he barely heard every other word. “I had...for you Tony... my legacy….genius...heirs.”
beautiful face will return to you when the spell wears off or when I end it.”
Tony held up his hand, thinking. “Something is about to click, I can sense--yes!” He reached into his pocket and pulled out the ring. “This belongs to you. Your world. It must! Magic? Concussion? Nope! Multiverse--!”
“What the hell!” Tony shouted, trying to shove away from the man’s grip.
“It seems”--Steve read, presumably completely unaware of Tony’s predicament--“that our resident shapeshifter gang has targeted them specifically.”
A pretty girl in a black dress offered Steve a drink from a tray, but he refused, not willing to give up his one free hand. The metal wrapped in the embrace of his fingers was getting him drunker than any alcohol could.
“What?” Tony asked, all innocent, as he walked back to the bed. “Till next time!” He gave his Steve another kiss before sending the portal a wave.
“Thank you.”
“Right.” Steve said, running a hand through his hair and Tony did the same, feeling far more flustered than he should from a simple conversation. But with Steve, it seemed nothing was simple. After they both nodded, Steve did the knock and the door slid open.
“I liked kissing you,” Tony continued, and it took every ounce of courage Steve possessed to lift his eyes from his sketchbook to meet Tony’s clear and close and searching gaze. “Can I kiss you again?”
Tony took a deep breath, and assumed his best professional persona. The red light signifying he was live went on, and Tony put on a dazzling smile. He’d written this presentation recently, and was still working through a lot of the science, so he used these seminars to talk it out with other academics around the world, like one big brainstorming session. He was halfway through his introduction when the back door of the auditorium clicked open. It was hard to see past the stage lights, difficult to see anyone in the silhouette they cast overhead. But he knew those shoulders, the familiar stride breaking through the shadows: Steve was here.
“For me to come.”
“You’re doing so well,” Tony murmured into Steve’s ear. “You look edible, all dressed up and shaking. I bet you’d let me unzip your pants right here and take care of you.”
,” Tony sang, because none of this made any sort of sense, so why filter the song that fluttered through his mind.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered. Every time he was there, he wondered at what sort of risk the building's inhabitants put themselves in for Tony. What it said about Tony and about the staff, that they’d willingly undergo the risk, just for these clandestine meetings.
Steve roared, kicking the door open and trampled over where it fell in the hallway. Stane stood in the center of the room, twisting away from the bed to see who had just interrupted his tirade. It pained Steve to move his focus from his intended target, but he needed to find Tony, see with his own eyes that he was okay, even more. His gaze dropped to the bed. Tony lay back on his elbows, frozen where Stane loomed over him. His eyes were wide and scared and around one of them formed a ring of reddened purple. The first signs of a black eye.
“I see you didn’t refute me, though.” Steve bumped his shoulder against Tony’s.
Steve felt his cheeks heat at the thought, at how wrong it was. Pressing his lips together, he willed the color to fade from his cheeks as he handed Tony the drink. The drink he’d been ordered to make.
He turned away, went to the sleeping clothes he’d used the evening before--the day had seemed impossibly long, and it was only the first--and the hardest part of this one wasn’t even over. Stepping behind a divider to change, he took a deep breath when he knew Tony couldn’t see him. Then he stepped back out to the hardest part: sharing a bed with Tony.
But for Steve, the silence itched under his skin just like the one sleep capsule had. Beyond the spaceship, there was literally the wonder of the universe and all he could think about was that there were only a handful of hours before the ship would enter into evening mode.
“Oh.”
“First I need to heal,” Tony whispered, breaking the silence.
“J," he said, after he put the final touches on his drawing. "Send it off to the craftsman.”
“Yeah. Thanks for entertaining and distracting me. I bet you’d beat the heck out of the real Captain America in chess.”
“Thank you. And Mr. Jarvis we--”
Silence filled the hotel room. Steve knew that good and well, but he wasn’t going to talk Tony into causing more pain to fall on himself. Not for Stane.
Rhodey looked up when Steve and Tony tumbled out of the elevator in rumpled sleep clothes, hair standing on end. He shot a quick glance at Pepper, who pressed her lips together. So that confirmed that something was going on between those two. He should’ve learned never to bet against Pepper. Sure, they’d been making moon eyes at each other--when they hadn’t been at one another's throats. He supposed he shouldn't have been surprised that their frustrations would be let out
They followed him into the hut, and Tony staggered, momentarily stunned at how much bigger it appeared on the inside. Anthony seemed to sense his surprise and kicked him on the back of the calf to keep moving. “Remember you’re supposed to know about magic,” he hissed in Tony’s ear.
Tony shifted his weight, face down and hands reaching behind him.
Steve not, well,” he gestured his hands over Steve’s lazy afternoon. “This.”
that Tony was currently in distress. He played out the worst scenarios as he ran down the hall. If Tony had taken on Stane, face-to-face, and lost--There was nothing Steve put past that vile excuse for an alpha. He’d forced his marks on Tony, violated him, trapped him, subjugated him. He had no idea what Stane would do to Tony once he rebelled.
“Professor Stark--Anthony!” Professor Rogers shouted, voice airy with disbelief and a note of fear. “Why are there two of you? What did you do?”
“I still don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve flicked his wand at the stone like it wasn’t a ticking time bomb. He caught Tony’s gaze and nodded reassuringly. “This is going to work, Tony.”
Their leader reached out a hand, while around him the others bowed a brief hello. “Namjoon,” he said in a way of greeting. “You must be Captain America and Iron Man.”
“How in the name of--”
. He let his palm rest over it, the blue light dancing through his spread fingers.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Tony!” his Steve shouted, pulling at the sheets. “You’re British!” Everyone but his Steve chuckled, he just sent Tony a confused expression. “Am I still dreaming?”
A hum in reply.
Rumlow chuckled. “You’d think he’d just want to run his knot into that fine omega of his. Now there’s a perk of having the biggest missile in the game.”
Bucky
Tony’s hand went to his tie, adjusting it as if emphasising their bodyguard attire.
Tony chuckled and the sound warmed Steve, made him feel like maybe Tony didn’t mind him watching. Tony reached through the supplies on the wall for a brush and began stroking it along his horse’s side before looking over his shoulder at Steve and winking. “You should join us next time, bet you’d look even better.”
“You’re the strongest person I’ve ever met,” Steve said because it was true, because here Tony was, fighting to keep himself upright and having the fortitude to try and send
“What I do in private is neither of your concerns.”
There were so many of them in the field, he didn’t think whoever tended it would mind if one or two were missing.
Steve led the way into the kitchen, flicking his gaze over to meet Rhodey’s for a second. Rhodey swept his eyes over them again. Tony was never one to follow--Unless...were they…?
“Still, I’m also sorry for your losses. For what happened after.”
Rating: E
Steve let the declaration hang in the air, ripping the disinfectant wipe open and running it along the open flesh of his back. Tony hissed, and Steve paused, apologizing.
the Jingle Bell Concert, but it certainly mattered to Tony. He looked over at Steve in his peacoat and superserum warmth and had to will himself not to step closer again, this time for his body heat.
“That’s the idea, Professor. Have a shield just like it back home. ”
Tony chuckled behind the glass of his helmet, shuffling forward into Steve's space. "Well, you slept through the moon landing, so it's all got to be a bit startling." He reached out and squeezed Steve's arm just above the elbow. His glove was huge and puffy, but Steve could still feel the grip of his fingers underneath. "I just need to pop up and do some magic with the satellite. I'll be back in a jiffy."
He followed Tony’s instructions into the back room where a cage very similar to the one he’d seen in the other room sat at the side of the bed. Steve saw red and tore it apart without ever making a conscious decision to move across the room. This monster of a man, this hideous imposter of an alpha kept Tony confined, constrained. Tony, who sparked such light, who laughed and lit up a room without doing anything more than explaining something his genius created - - something majestic.
“Whoa!” Tony took a step back and hit the stone wall.
Tony's shoulders shook, and Steve growled low and angry before breaking off into a whimper. “I should’ve come sooner,” was all he said before he was in front of the cage, ripping the side wall straight off and reaching a hand out for Tony.
"Honestly I didn't think it would work. When Friday told Pepper you were on your way home early and talking the suit she called and asked me to keep you from getting to the lab. I thought you would've just plowed through me a headed straight for the lab. I mean i'm glad that you didn't," clarified Steve grinning his eyes sparkling.  Well at least someones happy, thinks Tony bitterly.
“Don’t even talk about this Saturday just thinking about it makes me ill,” mutters Tony placing his hand over his eyes. Overworking himself in his workshop, having to deal with the military and the government seemed like pretty simple things when compared to dealing with children.
“Maybe we should look for the girl now and blame Steve later,” advises Natasha ignoring Steve frowning at her.
“If I go over there will you come with me?” questions Jasmine adjusting her hood.
“Yeah I’ve got a pretty busy week planned, so I’m going to be spending a lot of time down there,” Tony tells him still staring at the machine willing it to work faster. He didn’t mind spending time in his lab he was used to it, however spending time down there meant he could go to bed with Steve at night. And with Steve going out on missions during the day they didn’t really get a lot of time together.
"This is going to be a busy week for you," she continues on as if he didn't say anything, "so you're going to need to bring your A game. Tomorrow you and Rhodey have seven meetings discussing military protocol during times of SHIELD specialized missions. The following days you are to attend more press conferences as well as city hall meeting. Then you are to announce your next clean energy project and a new line of Stark Tech".
“Your pals Bucky and Peter are waiting for us outside the lab,” Tony tells her leaving out Steve who’s most likely waiting for him.
Booored, thinks Jasmine as face plants into the couch in front of the television, cutting another glare at the children all gathered around the tablet. Jordan found some lame game and now everyone wants a turn on the tablet to play, which means Jasmine can’t use it and since there’s nothing about the Avengers on TV today she’s completely and utterly Bored, capital B. At a time like this she’s usually go and read a book, but the library won’t be donating any used books until next week and she’s tired of rereading the ones she already has.
“It’s very nice to meet you Jasmine,” says Bucky crouching at little to be at eye level with the little girl. ”I take it you’re a little shy,” he says chuckling a little bit. “You shouldn’t worry about it too much between just the two of us even Captain America gets shy especially around new people”.
Next chapter will be fun to write, and it will also introduce Spiderman because I didn't get to that in this chapter like I promised.
“Okay Mister Stark,” calls Peter stuffing an entire pancake into his mouth.
Jasmine pouts, “I know that, but still”.
The metallic doors to his lab open without a sound and Tony steps inside.
Fluff is so peaceful to write.
“Steve for once is right,” Bucky says handing Steve a water bottle, coming to lean on the counter next to him. “Kids aren’t nearly as judgmental as adults”.
Today's the day day, the sun is shining, the birds are chirping and Jasmine is totally freaking!
“Yeah, it’s like totally awesome, and it’s your lucky day because we have training today and it’s gonna be great like always,” Peter tells Jasmine practically jumping in place he eyes sparkling.
"So, Tony are you ready to get to work?" questions Pepper.
“You have a very interesting gift, but you can’t control it very well. We as a team came to the agreement to let you live here with us as a part of the Stark Internship. While you’re here we’ll help train you so you and others aren’t in any danger. You’ll still be going to school regularly, but you’ll also be working and training along side the avengers. While ‘blowing stuff up’ in the lab with Tony,” says Steve raising an perfectly arched eyebrow at Peter when he finished.
Jasmine and Peter talk while the grown ups have a meeting.
Pepper had told her that all of the other kids had already taken the bus back home, so she’d be staying the night. Which Jasmine thought was awesome, but she was sort of dreading going back to the orphanage especially since she sort of ruined the trip. Guess she can cross that off the list of things they get to do, right under museum trip.
“Don’t I always,” Tony boasts trying and failing to hide is embarrassment.
“Hey!” calls Tony outraged.
Jasmine is silent while she thinks about this. It’s like a dream come true being able to see the Avengers everyday and train with them. Also, she’ll be able to control her power and she won’t have to be afraid anymore. There’s also the fact of leaving the orphanage which has been her only home up till now and while the other kids weren’t exactly nice to her it’s where she thought she belonged. Well Ms. Bean might be better off without her causing problems.
After several more deep breaths Jasmine gently opens one of the large doors and peaks inside the kitchen.
“Before you panic hear us out,” says Steve placing his hand on Tony’s waist.
Peter couldn’t help but noticed the girl was shaking and crying; had something happened? Where had she come from?
“That’s it,” cries Tony before taking off towards the door.
-Bucky-
“Does that mean you’re staying Saturday?” questions Steve excitedly.
-Jasmine-
Tony simply rolls his eyes and sticks out his tongue.
"It was terrible, thanks for asking," confides Tony pulling away from Steve to grab a mug for his coffee. Just gotta stay focused, get coffee, side step Steve, and go to his lab. Simple. "So, when did you get back from you spy mission?" questions Tony politely.
Once Peter gets close enough, he holds out a hand “Hi! I’m Peter. Remember me? We ran into each other on the stairs yesterday. Are you ready to eat breakfast because I’m starving!”
Dun, dun, dunnnnnn!!!!!
Wearing her new clothes, a black and white quarter sleeved shirt and a pair of light blue jeans Jasmine grabs her purple hoodie wraps it around her waist and heads to the door leading out of her room. She takes a deep breath and just stands there.
“Thank you Tony I honestly don’t understand what’s wrong with our team. We’re the Avengers for crying out loud having some children tour the tower should be a walk in the park. But every single one of you are acting like Pepper is sending you to your death or something,” rants Steve as Tony finally pours himself a cup of coffee.
“Don’t worry Tony,” advises Steve “dealing with kids is a lot easier that you think”.
setting up for the inevitable
Now what???
Tony took a small moment to wonder if Friday could read minds before speaking back to her, “Friday, baby do we need to have another conversation about privacy?” questions Tony only half joking.
I can’t do this, Jasmine thinks to herself. She doesn’t belong here she probably looks weird, she definitely felt weird. Like throwing up. Oh gosh, what if she threw up?
“You did good Tony,” he whispers definitely not making him blush.
“Yeah, but that’s okay,” he tells her quickly. “That probably just means I need to upgrade my security. Also, you can’t really control your powers yet, right. Besides no harm done.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Which definitely peaked Jasmine’s interest.
Jasmine couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Tony Stark wanted her to join the SI internship, but why she wasn’t nearly as smart or mechanically gifted as Peter. Jasmine could already feel another panic attack coming on.
“Found her! I have won your game!” yells Thor barreling down the stairs causing Jasmines eyes to widen before she disappears just as quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why don’t you go talk to him,” suggests Bucky crouching down next to Jasmine once again.
Jasmine checked every news outlet she could think of (that wasn't restricted) before her time was up, and there was nothing interesting going on involving the Avengers. The only things she could find were a few press conferences, which were boring and just had a bunch of old men talking. Finally, she logged off and headed back to the girls sleeping room to grab a book to read. Hopefully, she can stay there uninterrupted for a few hours. Technically, she's not supposed to stay in the bedroom unless its nighttime, but she can't concentrate on reading upfront because it's too loud, and the other kids like to take her books and hide them.
“In my defense it was a lot of information to take in, and I wasn’t expecting her to just vanish. Also, if we’re being technical I’m pretty sure it was Bucky’s fault she bolted,” says Steve defensively.
Farewell until next chapter!
Steve and Tony share a look before Tony sighs.
Jasmine looks from the talkative boy over to Mr. Stark who simply shrugs and walks past them.
Steve chuckles his bright eyes crinkling at the corners as he reaches out to gently rub Tony’s head. Completely used to Tony and his weirdness.
She shuffles her feet nervously and twists her fingers together still not meeting his gaze until Bucky places a reassuring hand on her head. Clenching her fists and straightening a bit she answers, “H-hi nice to meet you I’m Jasmine and I’m a big fan,” she speaks quickly but clearly.
“Yeah,” she huffs “I’ll be fine. Need to catch my breath,” she tells her simply.
“You can just call me Pepper alright sweetie,” when Jasmine nods she continues “So, I brought you some clothes for the day, and the rest of the things I had Friday order should be here later today along with some decorators. Which means by the time you get back to the Tower your new room should be complete!”
“I need to take a shower, but I’ll come by the lab later,” he pulls away and head for the door before turning around “one more thing both of use are off this Sunday as well so make sure you come to bed” Steve tells him sauntering out the kitchen. Tony was definitely blushing, and he was glad Steve had left already. Tony tended to forget that Steve had a bad side, but you can’t blame him the guy saves cats from trees at least twice a week.
Peter simply grins “You’ll have to wait until we get inside”.
“I get that, but what does Jasmine have to do with it?” questions Bucky still crouched next to the girl. Before Tony could respond he hears a small gasp and a sound like paper tearing before Jasmine disappears.
Should she just walk in, or would it be better to knock? Maybe she should just head back to her room.
“Hey, Jasmine? You in here sweetie? It’s me Tony,” says Tony wanting to smack himself, of course it’s Tony who else would it be. Idiot.
“Hey Jasmine,” calls a voice startling her. Looking back over her shoulder she sees the boy from the stairway, Peter. Along with Tony Stark both of them heading towards the kitchen.
“Of course, I do because I’m just that smart. You make it seem like you’re no good with kids, but you’re actually great with them and they love you. Harley and Peter are just an example of a few. Think about all the student training at the compound who all look up and admire you. You’re great with them, so why should Jasmine be any different?” questions Steve honestly.
“Hey! Don’t pin this on me you were the one that went Captain America on the poor kid I just ask a simple question,” corrects Bucky.
Tony was stalling, yep definitely stalling he thinks as he changes suits for the ninth time. Can you really blame him? He keeps telling the team that he’s not good with children, but all they do is roll their eyes and tell him he’s being ridiculous. So, what if Harley, Peter, and the tiny agents visit on the weekends (occasionally)technically speaking those aren’t his kids; therefore, they don’t count. Now he’s expected to stand in front of a bunch of small parentless children and put on a smile. How can Tony do something like that knowing that they don’t have a home to return to, and yeah, he does support the orphanage thorough charities and other events, but he can’t help but wonder if it really helps anything. Tony knows what it feels like to lose your parents and when it happened to him at least he was an adult (sort of), but he can’t imagine what it feels like to be so young and all alone; which is why he usually gets Pepper to do all the fundraisers and stuff because she can handle herself but Tony on the other hand is a nervous wreck and he hasn’t even left his room yet.
Before she could respond a voice calls out over the intercom, “Attention staff please be on the lookout for a lost little girl named Jasmine. She is about 3feet 8inches, with black hair and green eyes, and she was last seen wearing a purple hoodie. The girl is easily frightened so please approach with caution,” calls out Pepper.
Peter couldn’t help the small glare he shoots in Thor’s direction while he looks on sheepishly, “Oops” he mutters.
Clint and Bucky share a look, “we’ve only just meet her today not enough time to figure out where she’d hide during a panic attack. Not even with the help of super spies”.
“Jasmine, sweetie are you alright?” asks Ms. Bean coming to stand next to her chair.
The moment Tony stepped in front of the door to his workshop he too a deep steadying breath. He could do this, she’s just one kid.
After Mr. Stark had finally found Jasmine he and the rest of the team had taken her to the living room while they had an ‘emergency’ meeting. At first Jasmine was a little worried and thought she might actually end up in trouble after all, but with some reassurance from both Bucky and Tony she finally allowed herself to relax on the large couch with a Stark tablet and play some games while Peter sat next to her watching TV and occasionally chatting with her.
Tony sighs as he collapses against his bed staring up at the ceiling. The Jasmine situation was finally settled in and the poor girl was sleeping peacefully in her new room; Tony will need to remember to ask Pepper about an interior decorator, so Jasmine can make herself more at home in the tower. After that he’ll need to stock up on her favorite foods and set up a training schedule with Dr. Strange; probably not at the same time as Wanda’s lessons. After that he still needs to head to the Compound to check on renovations and the training happening there with the other potential Avengers. Just thinking about all the work pilling up was making him tired; maybe he could sneak down to the lab for just a few hours and work on some schematics.
“What break in security? And why wasn’t I immediately informed of this?” questions Steve standing at full height frowning at Tony. Tony also notices the girl beside him stiffen at his question.
Jasmine says silent for a moment after that before responding again “I used to get bullied a lot too…do you need me to punch them for you? I’ve got a mean right hook,” she informs Peter confidently.
“Alright, but what about all the stuff with Jasmine? You can’t expect me to ignore that until Monday, so got any advice smart guy,” questions Tony smugly.
Jasmine was definitely surprised to say the least, she was going to be apart of super hero training. Really, she thought she was just going to learn how to control her powers and then she’d get sent back to the orphanage and never see any of them again.
It's a video that Jasmine loves to watch when its her turn to use the tablet. She can't really watch to many other videos after this one because she's already watched it twice, and she only gets to be on the table for a hour before its someone else's turn. Ms. Bean calls if fair, but Jasmine thinks its stupid. However, she's only going to think it because the last time she said it out loud she got grounded and couldn't use the table or watch TV for a whole week. Which was also stupid, because what's the point of always being told to speak your mind if you can't call stupid things stupid without getting in trouble.
Next chapter should be a little more fast paced, and it'll be in Tony's POV. It'll be about the surprise!
(See the end of the chapter for
-Tony Pov-
“Don’t worry Jasmine” says Peter as the car starts “we’re going somewhere really cool and fun.”
Which was true all she needed to do was breath, in and out, in and out, everything is fine she tells herself. Finally, after a few more deep breaths she the tightness in her chest went away and she was able to concentrate on the room again. However, the tips of her fingers still felt tingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, I’ll stay,” she tells them.
Honestly, he could always just wait here until they leave, but alas he made a deal with Bucky and there’s no backing out of that. Friday had already informed him about Bucky being at the party, so the only person left to arrive is Tony Stark.
Ms. Bean had only been working here for about six months, before it was just mean old Mrs. Chariot, Jasmine used to think she was an actual witch, turns out she was just old and cranky. Back then Jasmine had feared everything and let everyone walk all over her. The kids here were awful to her, she couldn’t remember a day without being bullied and Mrs. Chariot let it happen, so Jasmine was glad when she finally retired.
“YOU?!? Really? Wait- I don’t think that I’ve ever seen you at an Avengers meeting or anything before. Do you have powers, do you have a costume” Jasmine asked really confused.
“It’s fine don’t worry about it; I was just thinking about work and this whole Jasmine situation. Its been a stressful couple of hours and it seems like it can only get worse from here,” Tony tells him dejectedly.
Throwing out his arms Tony’s façade returns once again, “Hello everyone! The party has finally arrived”.
“Eat something ya brat!” Bucky yells.
“Umm yes Ms. Pots,” responded Jasmine politely.
Back then she was always asking herself why it only happened to her, but then she realized it’s because Jasmine let it happen she never stood up for herself, and she was terrified of her own shadow. She hated herself and her powers; she used to sneak and tie her ankle to the bed back when she couldn’t control her abilities. After, Ms. Bean started working here however Jasmine decided enough was enough, and the next time Jordan tried to stick gum in her hair she bit him and broke his nose. Apparently, she has a mean right hook. The good news is that no one bothered her again now they pretend she doesn’t exist which Jasmine thinks is petty and immature, but she’s not supposed to know what those words mean. The best part about all that was she didn’t get in trouble Ms. Bean pulled her aside and said to tell her if I have anymore problems, so I guess she’s pretty cool.
"Don't give me that look Tony, you'll love it I promise. Besides it not going to be just you the whole team will be attending, and we'll hand out snacks and prizes. It'll be great," she says confidently.
-Jasmine-
Jasmine felt less nervous now that she knew where she was, but she still felt a little anxious considering she was going to meet more people. Jasmine was also starting to wonder if she’d ever stop feeling nervous because it was starting to get annoying.
“Quietly please,” he responds.
“All those things are cool and all, but not everyone appreciates intelligence. It typically annoys people especially when you’re arrogant about it,” Peter tells her somberly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Glancing down at Jasmine as they walk towards Tony, Bucky couldn’t help but notice the death grip she had on his hand as well as the way her eyes lit up the closer they get. Tony and Steve always get the best fans Bucky thinks helplessly.
He lifted his palm, brought it back to his keyboard, and took another unsteady breath.
on the stone.
“Should I go, I--?”
New chapter time! I, maybe, sneakily upped the overall chapters by 2. These boys got long-winded.
“Are you sure?”
“Right. Wouldn’t let his omega son in on that one even if--Well, right. Very good. Welcome. Back, of course.” Tony straightened, tense and overly formal. “This shitty world needs more heroes, let me tell you.”
Under his eye, Tony stretched his fingers then curled them into a fist so that the tendons of his forearm shifted the muscle, the carpals twisting against the restraint of the cuff. The movement shot to his cock and Steve had to tear his eyes away, trying to shove these thoughts back where they belonged, but now Tony had noticed and Steve wasn’t sure what that meant. All he could do was turn and walk into the Quinjet, selecting a seat far from Tony.
No, breaking down doors and carrying off Tony wasn’t how he was going to be able to work this. He had to be quiet. He dropped his gaze from the tower to the alley that wrapped around the northern side of it. If only he could see him, talk to him, if he knew that Steve was able to keep him safe then maybe he could help turn the sour twist of his scent from its rancid state to something lighter. All he had to do was say the word.
(See the end of the chapter for
A few more vigorous laps cleared his mind, for the most part, and he wanted to join the others, so he pushed off the edge and made for the group. When his foot hit the shallower floor, Tony’s cell phone started ringing.
Anthony zipped across the sky, his laughter following like a howling wind.
“Whoa.” Tony let himself be manhandled, and as soon as he was settled on Steve he dove down with a fierce kiss of his own, eager tongue picking up right where they left off, only this time Steve could feel his whole body against his, their cocks lining up together every time Tony dragged their hips. “Managed to flip us without either banging our heads on the capsule walls. Impressive--”
Tony hummed an affirmative sound, sliding his hand over Steve’s desk as he walked over to Bucky, his fingers a tease of dexterity. The moment Tony was within reach, Bucky’s arms came around him, a familiar sight, but that familiarity did little to ease the simmer of heat their embrace sparked under Steve’s skin. He swung his gaze back to his paperwork.
“What? This?” Steve smiled and arched again.
Tony eventually stepped out of the suit, but even without the helmet he barely spoke a word to Steve. They ate in silence, sat in silence, and watched the stars together in silence.
“See what?” the man in question cut in, making Tony and Anthony stutter apart. Steve narrowed his gaze. “This doesn’t look suspicious at all.” He crossed his arms over his chest and clad only in a white cotton shirt and a pair of loose cotton pants, he looked more like his Steve than Tony had the ability to process.
The door slid shut. Steve’s stomach dropped and the floor started to rumble. Tony had the suit on entirely now, except the visor was left up, so he could glare at Steve, apparently. “You might as well take the pilot chair, since it's the
Heat flowed up the back of Steve’s neck, and he pulled away from Tony to sit back on his heels. He wanted to argue but the way Tony was looking at his wings made the words catch in his throat. When Tony finally pulled his gaze away from them, it seemed like a struggle. “Did you know you had wings?”
“We’re going,” Tony said, pushing out of his seat in the middle of a duet. When Tony pulled him to his feet, the plug shifted again and Steve moaned, stopping mid-stride as he willed away his orgasm.
“I want you to come. And what did I say about things that I want?”
His whole body tensed and the plug was unforgiving, shifting until the vibration rested directly on his prostate. He gripped Tony’s arm. Remembering the dark glint in Tony’s eye when he slid the plug into him -- Tony loved this, Steve flustered, desperate, turned into a needy mess for Tony.
They both broke off and glared at each other again.
But how was Steve supposed to explain that looking had become admiring, had become desiring? That even in this clunky, unflattering space suit, Tony was still the only thing in the room Steve wanted to look at? He didn't have words for any of it, but he also couldn't let Tony go without something.
But to see Tony so open with his scening, to see him go down and stay that way as he went about the Tower, that was new. Usually, it was fleeting, and in private, hidden away moments where he indulged with someone he trusted.
But Tony didn't laugh. Instead, his brow creased and he leaned in even closer, eyes flicking back and forth over Steve's face. "Tell me what's wrong," he said quietly.
Steve closed his eyes and counted to three, waves of angry alpha breaking through his odor blockers. Tony had told him how Stane liked to parade him around these Board meetings. Use his presence and scent to distract or--he swallowed back against the bile crawling up his throat--
“See, this is where you’re wrong,” Tony replied. “You’re the Captain of
Steve knew to avoid that floor at least, and hopefully his cover story would have legs, if he ran into someone else. The door led into a pantry and then the grand, stainless steel kitchen that serviced the entire tower. It was mostly empty, but there was a small staff on standby presumably for any meals that might come up.
“Appropriate, since you’re playing on my mother’s piano.”
Steve wondered if the cage was new, if things had been this bad before. A hot roar of guilt didn’t break free--this wasn’t about him or his guilt or his anger--but how could he have never asked? He saw, he guessed, he objected and planned with Tony. But he never knew for sure.
Steve wanted to touch him, had wanted to for what seemed like hours. So he pulled off his gloves and closed one hand around his cheek, the other fell to his hand. Steve knew this armor, had watched Tony endlessly work on it with his own two hands, every plate of metal beat into his own design, hardening the torso strong enough to stop a laser. Steve’s hand pulled from Tony’s to run along the hard metal, to grip at the side of his neck. Tony took a stumbling step forward.
“Thank you?” Steve guessed and the corner of Tony’s mouth flicked up into a half smile.
They walked in and closed the door behind them before the group broke into a bombardment of questions, only half of which Tony understood. Steve began to explain to Namjoon about SHIELD arriving on the scene, and he then translated for the rest of the group--except...Tony did a quick head count. Two were missing. The same two that had arrived late.
Later that afternoon, when he slid on the mask on in abandoned alley three blocks from Stark Tower, he thought of Coulson’s piercing gaze and felt a twinge of guilt from his theft. But none of it was enough to thwart his plan. He was going to find Tony again.
The line of cars arrived like a parade. Out of the first one slid a silver haired young man and a brunet, who, based on the screams, seemed to be Namjoon, their leader, and Jin. The two walked over towards where Steve and Tony waited but stopped on their way to wave at a few fans, who went ballistic. Behind them, another car slid to a stop. This one had three members, a tall man who looked like he’d just fallen off the fashion runway, 90% legs in a suit tailored so well, Tony was tempted to ask for his information. A fan screamed, "Taehyung!" and the man turned his head, while next to him a shorter man slid off a pair of headphones and smiled when someone shouted, "Yoongi!" The last man seemed to radiate happiness, his smile wide and infectious, and Tony had to admit that just looking at the five of them together, it was easy to see how each of them had a charisma about them, and together they were captivating their fans.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed. “Not gonna--I know I have this playboy reputation.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes!” Tony snapped his fingers, pushing away from the entryway to walk around what appeared to be a classroom, with rows of desks facing a large one at the front end of the room. “Woke up against a tree. Definitely, maybe, passed out? Wizard of Oz style, that’s always an option. But no--”
Tony moaned at Steve’s touch and helped them both by pushing down the pants, at one point almost hitting his head but Steve managed to put his hand in the way just in time, so his knuckles hit the ceiling instead, his palm full of Tony’s soft hair. “Thanks,” Tony breathed through a smile, kicking the last of the pajamas off him.
Steve stood on the sidewalk, stunned.
Steve had told him to take it straight to Strange; that just made Tony want to keep it and poke at it even more. When he told Steve as much, Tony watched him fight the urge to roll his eyes but he was unable to hold back the flicker of amusement at the corners of his mouth.
Anger balled Steve’s fists and the myths about alpha’s seeing red started to feel true because his clenched jaw was blurring everything, forcing it all into the exploding rage inside his mind, fixed on a singular person: Obadiah Stane.
It wasn’t until the second act that Steve realized Tony hadn’t been entirely forthcoming about the toy. A cellist led the strings into the next aria, when a vibration sparked to life from within the plug. Steve gasped, and Tony didn’t even try to suppress a dark chuckle.
“They haven’t. They must be screaming because they’re excited.”
“Oh. Good.” Clint chewed. “Morning bloodshed over assorted pies, can’t wait.”
“Stop,” Steve ordered when he was near the bed. “Unbuckle your pants and open them, but only far enough so you can get your hand in there. No need to undo all your hard work at getting presentable for the day.”
Tony didn’t say anything else, just watched as Steve browsed. The scent in the air never lessened, but the sourness went away.  At least until Tony stood up and hissed in pain, every step he took accompanied by a wince as he walked over to Steve.
Tony gestured to the chair next to him.“Sit down, Steve.”
“I hope no one kiss--” Tony’s gaze was fixed on Steve’s. “I must’ve knocked my head, because I’m seeing an angel in place of a tightly wound super soldier.”
The bedroom door shut again.
“And you’re coming home
Steve moved, stepping closer and whispering into Tony’s ear. “Fly us home.”
WinterHawk + Dessert, embarrassment and Knives for polizwrites
in bed. Followed shortly by a loving relationship going strong for years now.”
“This is command to Galaxy9, T minus ten seconds till take off.”
universe is beyond me.” Anthony threw his hands up in the air.
He’d pulled it out of thin air as a distraction, thankfully he was a genius who could manage the ramp up.
Even without the hordes of SHIELD agents, Steve still growled when Coulson knocked on the door. He was paralyzed by the thought of moving from Tony to go and open it. Tony--brave, beautiful, strong-- Tony, pulled away from Steve to go open it. Steve followed, unable to keep him out of arm's reach.
A soft smile steals its way on your lips and without thinking about it, you start carding the fingers of your metal arm through Tony’s hair. It’s amazing really, how you can feel everything now. Before the arm had only been capable of distinguishing pain and no pain and hot and cold but that had been that. With the new arm, you can feel even the softest hairs on Tony’s head and the warmth of his skin. But then again Tony is a genius and you never had any doubt that an arm built by him would be just as incredible.
You almost whisper but his head snaps up as if you had screamed at him, eyes going wide and disbelieving.
“Do you want to talk?” It’s an easy question and you know you can just say no and she won’t mention it again.
After that, things happen so fast that you can barely keep up but at the end of it all you are one metallic arm shorter, Tony Stark hates you because apparently you killed his parents and you are on the run again. This time with Rogers.
He gestures awkwardly toward the communal kitchen and you just shrug and follow him there. You lean against the counter with your good arm wrapped around you and then there is silence for a while. Finally, Rogers looks at you.
“Then why haven’t I seen you in over two months? You never even wrote a text or something.”
Four weeks later you finally made it to New York and you stay behind in a small brownstone in Brooklyn while Clint leaves to take care of a few things. He returns hours later with Natasha in tow. You eye her warily because you know what she is capable of, you trained her after all, and she is tense around you as well. But somehow you form an unspoken truce and she shows up more often and you are pretty certain that she is the one who helped Clint when you were running.
“I should kick you the fuck out right now. You have no right to be here, nor do you have any reason. Your little
“No, no you can’t. I’m here because it’s the right thing to do. I killed people and I did bad things and you can go and argue all the way that it wasn’t me but it really was. I have to take responsibility for that and I knew from the beginning that you would never help me with that. But Stark does.”
The room is completely silent now and you can feel a lot of eyes on you but there is nothing to do or to say but you notice that for the first time in months the shadow in your mind is barely there and you can’t do anything about the tears spilling from your eyes. The picture makes the front page, right under a catchy headline.
Then she leaves again because she actually is a busy woman, running a company and all. You go to the gym and shopping afterwards and when you get back Sam, Natasha and Clint are all lounging in the living room.
“It’s fine. It’s me. What happened?” Your throat hurts as well, burns to be exact and you feel like you’ve been run over by something very big. But at least the pressure on your arms lessens when Steve nods silently. Thor steps around you and he looks apologetic but you just shrug it away because obviously he had his reasons.
“U, leave the man alone if you don’t want to end up as spare parts for my new project.” Stark sounds fond and bemused and the little robot whirs, and now he sounds sad and turns his camera to the ground.
After it’s clear that you are awake for good Steve’s armchair stays unoccupied.
“Well, I take it you know that I don’t really hate you anymore. I mean, I testified for you, of course you know. Anyway, that’s not why you are here. You probably don’t want to talk about that with me. Or, maybe you do? I shouldn’t just assume things about other people, Pep says that all the time. So what I was meaning to say is I could build you a new arm if you want that.”
Steve just knocks again and after collecting yourself you open the door a second time and let him in.
“James, James!”
Your friendship isn’t one way either. She tells you a lot about her life as well. Talks about her short relationship with Tony and why it never worked out. How she still cares for him deeply anyways and that she is afraid that he won’t come back from a battle one day. She gets really emotional when she tells you how Steve just up and left some day and how devastated Tony was after the whole ‘Civil War’ fiasco. She had to stand by completely helpless as Tony drank himself almost to death and refused to let anyone in his lab or even near it. It took her two days and the help of Jarvis to persuade FRIDAY to overwrite the commands and let her into the workshop. By then it had nearly been too late. She had found the genius unconscious in a puddle of his own piss and vomit and he had remained in a coma for two days before waking up again. She curses Steve’s name even now and you ask her why she doesn’t hate you because you are the reason Steve left after all.
“I know. Steve was already here this morning.”
Now, almost a year later you finally feel like a human being again. You have friends now and you make new memories every day. There is so much lost time to make up for and in the end it’s no real surprise that you fall in love with two people at once.
“Hey, James.” It’s just a breath.
“It’s fine, he just startled me, is all”, you mutter because this is Stark’s lab and his robot and you really don’t want to upset the kind-of-truce you have by accidentally insulting his AI’s.
“I bet that’s not what you wanted to hear.” Rogers rubs his big hands through his face and pulls lightly at his hair. “I’m sorry again. Turns out I’m really shit at this. What I really wanted to say was, maybe we can be friends again? Tony allowed me to move back into the tower on the condition that I stay out of his way and I, I just thought maybe we can spend some time together? Just… just as friends of course and well, yes.”
“James, look. Whatever happened I’m sure there is a solution. I don’t know much, to be honest, but I do know that Steve kissed you and Tony is upset about it. I have no idea what is going on between you and Steve though and you don’t have to tell me. But I know that whatever happened with you and Tony, we can sort it out.”
“I’m not isolating myself. They are all welcome here and they visit me and we go out sometimes. I needed this, Pep. I really did. I’m independent and pay my own bills and I’m actually happy most of the time. I still love them, yes. And seeing that picture, it fucking hurt. But I have been gone from the tower for two months and neither Steve nor Tony have ever tried to get in contact. And I can take a hint. I’ll get over it eventually.”
“Tony, please. You don’t understand…” Steve starts again but Tony cuts him off sharply. “You are right. I don’t. Everyone’s been there to see him, including Rhodey! And the man was practically glued to my bedside. I don’t know why you avoid him like that and I am more than 100 per cent sure that it’s a bullshit reason. But I am going in there and you are not going to hold me back. Rhodey, if you would.” Sounds of a struggle penetrate the door and you are sure that War Machine is currently restraining Captain America.
“Okay, sorry. I know I ramble. It’s just, I have a lot of things going on in my head and they all want out at the same time and sometimes that creates a lot of chaos coming out of my mouth so, well. What do you say?”
She kicks her heels away and sinks down on her knees, wrinkling her crisp suit but she doesn’t look like she gives a fuck.
It’s not easy for you to talk about your feelings with Steve and you hesitate a lot and stutter and the words just don’t come out right. How do you explain someone that you love two people anyway? It goes as well as expected and Steve excuses himself afterwards. He says he has to think about everything and well, what did you expect?
Steve’s eyes dropped to Tony’s lips. They were full and slightly chapped from biting, and Steve closed the space between them as his answer. He thought of the families at the park, felt a brief rise of panic at what used to be indecent behavior, before he let the kiss take over.
“Help people? You think so?” Steve asked with a cream-caught-the-canary smile. “That’s quite a change in tune, Professor.”
Above Steve the day was bright, the sky blue. It reminded him of one of their last Wednesdays at the tower when Tony had convinced Steve to join him in the balcony pool. They’d grown so reckless, curious arms sliding against slick, wet skin. Tony’s contagious laugh had warmed Steve long after he’d left the sunshine. He turned the corner, and his nostalgia fueled grin slipped from his face as he skidded to a stop--day bright, sky blue, just like the first time he’d laid his eye on Tony. Exactly like that day when everything stuttered to a halt at the first sign of Obadiah Stane.
They joined the rest of the group, and Steve led them into the arena while Tony took the rear, scanning the crowd one last time before the thick doors did their best to keep out the fans' screaming out, and failing entirely. The group chatted amongst themselves for most of the walk though the man next to him, Taehyung, smiled and said, “Thank you. Iron Man is---whoa,” he broke off with a grin. Then he pointed at the man who’d come late wearing the sweatsuit. “Big fan of yours. The biggest.”
another alpha sniffing around him.
Steve smirked and tugged Tony back down into his arms. “I’m right where I want to be.” They had mission duties to deal with but that could wait for a moment, they had months after all. They could spend a little more time in this too small bed, together.
He had to turn away from Steve before he did something stupid, like kiss him right here in the arena cafeteria, or link their arms together. Instead he looked over at the members. “I like the one that liked me a lot the best.”
Steve crashed their lips together, in reply.
Steve didn’t go back to the Tower the day after he’d taken the mask from SHIELD. He didn’t go the day after that, or the day after that. He went to SHIELD, the gym, the grocery store, and did not walk to Stark Tower.
“I want you to come. What did I say about things that I want?”
Enough admiring, they had shapeshifters to catch.
"Steve?" Tony tilted his head in Steve's direction, amusement shifting into concern.
“Everything all right?” Tony asked over Steve’s shoulder.
“It’s supposed to be my chair, anyway!” Steve shouted as he stumbled through another rattle of the engines and made his way to the seat.
“That’s a very diplomatic answer, Professor.”
“Sure,” Steve said, giving him a reassuring smile of his own. “I have to beat you one of these days.”
He blamed it on the van; the hippie stereotype so attached to its owners did its best to rub against Bucky’s rougher edges. Bucky hadn’t wanted the van in the first place, but when you’re only offered one getaway car, you take it, even when that car is a 1965 Volkswagen van.
Stane underestimated Tony. Always had. And now it proved to be his fatal flaw. On the bed Tony moved, kicking the bottom of his foot out long, and colliding it into the center of Stane’s back. The man hadn’t expected it, because he’d never consider Tony’s agency, the autonomy of the omega he’d enslaved for years.
"See something you like?" Tony asked, and Steve's eyes snapped to his. Tony was smirking at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Watching Stane’s eyes widen in surprise set off a surge of pride within Steve. As if in slow motion, the kick pushed out Stane’s chest and knocked him off his feet. He fell forward, face first into the coffee table. Stane groaned as the wood shook under his weight and toppled to the side, taking him with it. Tony jumped from the bed and took a step towards Steve, and Stane kicked his leg out, trying to trip him to the floor.
“Nope.” Another flash, this one of Steve from behind as he turned to look at the screens. His back was, well, if it were anyone else Steve would be impressed.
Tony did as he was told, pulling his belt open, unzipping his pants and sliding his cock out. It was already half hard in his hand from Steve’s orders and growing steadily under Steve’s gaze, every moment he was on display only making him harder.
Steve padded into the kitchen, trailing Tony in his wake. Pepper knew immediately that something was...not off per se, but definitely shifted between the two.  They had clearly just been thoroughly enjoying themselves, but Tony enjoyed plenty of people, and Pepper very rarely saw him as open and vulnerable as
“So I'm not wrong.”
The “yes” tumbled out against Tony’s lips as Steve surged forward.
“Enthusiastic.”
Between one breath and the next a beam of light shot out from the gemstone. For a moment, it was straight ahead, but then it vibrated and swung directly towards Tony. He barely had time to shout before the beam slammed into his chest. Tony felt his feet swipe out from under him but instead of hitting the ground he flew backwards. He braced, waiting for the impact of the wall but instead he kept flying, nothing but black-red light consuming him entirely.
“That they were in there fooling around?” Tony smirked. “That’s exactly what I think.” He stepped closer to Steve, so he could see the inside of the closet (with the perk of standing closer to Steve) and assessed, “It looks big enough. Maybe we should give it a go?” he joked, because they were on duty and there were seven other people in the room.
The pair stood close together in the kitchen, Steve’s hand wrapped around Tony’s waist.
Every night, Tony had let him leave. But tonight when Steve pushed off from the couch, Tony’s hand wrapped around his wrist and he tugged him back to the sofa.
“Good.” He looked towards Steve as they slid up against the wall. Around the corner was the chaos, injured lying on the ground, a half a dozen people standing over them.
Anthony swallowed. “I do, too.”
Tony heard their front door open and he stepped away from the mirror. He listened to the sounds of footsteps, imagined their path to their bedroom. And when Steve appeared in the doorway in the clothes he’d worn to sleep, soft gray sweatpants and a tight white t-shirt, he looked like he was ready to roll back in bed. But Tony could see the intent in his eyes, the way they purposely dragged over the toys on the bed then back at Tony, whose hand still lingered on his tie. He dropped it to his side and waited.
“What type of exam?”
“It’s your scent,” Tony explained. “Your alpha scent. The sweater is one thing but--I know you’re not him. But a part of me is--I started to associate that deep, pungent scent with….” He broke off, brow furrowing.
He was trying to make Tony feel better, it was obvious and so like his Steve it made his chest ache. “Kinky,” he said offhand because it felt expected of him, easy, something to focus on instead of Steve lowering the stone on his desk. This was it, his final chance to get home. He took a deep breath. “When your blood hits the stone--What happened for me was that a beam, a portal, shot from the horcrux to me.”
“--Mr. Stark, as I was saying, if you wanted to discuss R&D..” the board member trailed off, obviously having been trying to get “Mr. Stark's” attention more than once.
A blush dusted Tony’s cheeks as he nodded. “Yeah.”
“This, too!” Tony buzzed around the area, holding up the grenade he once jumped on, an old sweater of his. Every object Tony showed him with an expectant face, ready to share in the joy of a hero's detritus.
,” Steve replied in a conspiratorial whisper.
“You sure do compliment him behind his back a lot.” Tony let the comment hang in the air for a moment, watched as it flushed Steve’s cheeks.
Stane appeared to have other plans, he grabbed Tony’s wrists before they made it to his neck, and sneered. “Unruly whore. Bet you let him do whatever he wanted with your slut holes. This room reeks of everything you two did together. It’s well within my rights to--”
Steve had never expected to feel this way. His hands were bound to the corners of the bed, his back flat against the mattress with his legs spread wide and tied to the footboard by his ankles. His hard cock bobbed in the open air of their bedroom.
Barnes shrugged and took a bite. Clint should probably look away but something about the dusting of crumbs on Barnes’ lips wouldn’t let him. Barnes swallowed then sent Clint a half-smirk. “I only threw one of my knives at you, don’t worry, still have plenty.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Oh, come off it. Trust me, okay. I know how important this man is--” Steve pressed his lips together and dropped his gaze away from the two Starks. Tony turned back to Anthony. “And, let’s be real here. We both know this isn’t our decision at all.”
“For me to come.”
They pushed the hallway doors open and stepped into a large entryway where tour buses could unload into the arena; Tony heard the screaming before they even exited the last pair of doors between them and the outside.
Out of the corner of Tony’s gaze he saw Anthony’s face turn red. “How do we end the port--l?”
But he wanted to be good for Steve.
“Tony…” Steve couldn’t form any more words. The truth of his lie acting as a slap in the face and shocking him out of breath.
“Hardly suspicious at all,” Tony mumbled under his breath.
Words kept coming out of Tony’s mouth, practiced and perfect, but he barely heard any of them. Instead he watched Steve fold his ankle over his leg, casual, but it allowed Tony to see so much more of him, his strong thighs stretching the fabric of his pants. His legs were spread wide enough that Tony could easily fill in the blanks, know intimately what was between Steve’s legs and how, if Steve did have plans, Tony might be able to watch their effects on Steve right there in the front row.
“I’ve been looking for you,” Tony whispered, and the mood shifted between them with only a handful of words.
by my presence or something you can go fuck off in the dark cockpit for 5 hours and we can do this all in shifts--”
"Sorry," Steve muttered. "Didn't sleep well last night." Steve brushed past him and dumped his stuff on the bench, not turning around until both Clint and Tony were dressed and gone, laughing and talking as they pushed out of the locker room.
She’d seen that look before: Tony was down, hard.
“None of that made any sort of sense.” Tony turned his head into Steve’s neck. “But feel free to keep talking.” Tony bit at Steve’s collarbone and Steve shivered as he played. Tony chuckled, pulling back again just long enough to say, “Yeah. I think I found my staycation activity.”
It had only been three years since that photo was taken. Three horrific years, for Tony Stark.
Clint laughed, searching for the right pie before sliding it over to Barnes. “Natasha is going to kill us.”
Steve nodded, thinking. He needed to do something in the immediate. He wanted to strike multiple punching bags to a pulp first but he couldn’t waste the time; he needed to do something productive, something to help Tony. Steve stood and Tony craned his neck to see him. “I’ll go get supplies and run by SHIELD, see if they have any intel on Stane.”
The stranger snorted then turned the stick towards the door.
He looked down at the piece of paper, blew away the bits of lead that sprinkled across the page of his completed design.
“Rumlow, how good to see you,” Coulson greeted, sounding anything but. He didn’t drop his gaze from Steve.
He hit the highest floor he didn’t need a special key code for and waited, not letting the doubt or the what-the-hell was he doing seep in, and when he failed at that, reminding himself that he’d done far worse for far less important reasons. The doors slid open and revealed a sea of offices. On either side of the elevator bank were glass walls and doors, with the company running at full speed behind them.
Steve grinned apologetically and lifted his phone. “Looking for my sister’s work. Something Tower. Stork or--”
There was another flash but Steve’s gaze was now on the obvious bulge in Tony's pants. “Look at me,” Tony whispered, and Steve's eyes flicked back up. “Fuck. You're pretty.” He took another photo before lowering the camera and staring at Steve. “I want to touch you.”
Steve smelled it before the library doors opened. The honey scent from last time had twisted into a citrusy spice. In the center of the room, Tony laid on a chaise lounge, a blanket pulled up and over his shoulders.
“I understood about three of those words but at least we don’t need to worry about someone asking why there are two of us.”
Tony smiled. “Sounds good to me.”
The only reason Tony woke was because a weight shifted on the bed. Steve. He felt a fingernail pick at something on his back. Steve’s come from earlier. The memory, the evidence of it - Tony warmed, stretching into the hand as it caressed his back. “Steve,” Tony purred.
Bucky reached for the TV remote. “A flightless bird, huh? I guess for the time being I should call you penguin.”
Steve hummed, licking a long line over his waistband.
Namjoon nodded. “Absolutely sure. We were in an airplane when the shapeshifters hit the studio. Us and five of our staff. We never saw a single person that was in the building at the time, due to a strict quarantine. I don’t think I’ve seen anyone other than the six of them for longer than a couple minutes. it's all been emails and rushed schedules, isolation.”
“Quidditch. They use it to practice with the bludgeons.”
Anthony walked over to the wall and pulled two brooms off their hooks. He handed the longer of the two to Steve and kept the other one for himself, then they headed outside. They walked a bit away from the hut, heading for the forest that surrounded the grounds. A large field appeared before they met the treeline, it was next to an even larger field that was surrounded by stadium seating and had goal posts at either end. The field was empty, a wide open space that must be used for training.
“This must be our last two.”
