—————
,” he whispered. “You
Tony snarled, and there must have been something in his voice, some kind of panic, because Steve complied immediately, backing away. There was fear on his face, blanched and grey, and in his words: “Tony? Are you— Did I—”
swore because he’d burned his fingers on the stupid toaster, he had to put in
Which prompts Tony to look up. “Steve,” he greets, grabbing a towel and wiping the back of his neck.
His hands were fisted in the sheets, and there were slow rips opening up in the thousand-count Egyptian cotton. Which is why those hands were not on Tony's hips, because, they both knew, he wasn't entirely sure he would be able to hold back, be able to not harm Tony, not crush his bones to powder, he was so desperate to come.
“Dance with me,” Tony says, turning around, his hand finding Steve’s waist.
“Okay! Fine! It was more than once, god, you don't have to be—” Steve is down to his underwear and socks. This is hell. This is
Tony shuts his eyes. When he opens them, he knows, there will be nothing to see. He can feel heat on his body now, real heat. He’s waking up. Something wet trails down his nose. There’s an awful catch in his throat. He whispers, in his head, “It wasn’t real, was it? It was all just in my head.”
“They
and Tony’s finally got enough neurons firing to wonder where the
He found himself looking up at Wayne again — how was
Tony lingers while Steve pulls out his workout clothes, and then— then starts
“Hey. You okay?”
A whole week flew by before Steve realized what was wrong, and even then, he had the good sense to ask Darcy, rather than Tony. Steve wasn’t sure, but somehow, in a building full of superspies, Darcy Lewis seemed to be the one who knew everybody’s secrets.
“Like— Yes. Like a date.”
real?”
Steve shot him a faint smile. “Why do you think Hollywood hates me?” he asked wryly.
“Stars?” Steve repeats. He’s frowning. “Like on the flag?”
“It’s called being
Hey, where had Steve gone to? Tony wondered, muzzily. The whole world had acquired a soft glittery golden glow, and when Bruce laughed at the mayor’s joke, Tony could feel the vibration of it rumble through his chest.
“You… you…”
of Hulk porn,” Bruce said, unfazed, totally Zen. “Like, more than you would think? And some of it is actually quite—”
“I’m—
had just been
“I don’t need wooing.”
“If you’re thinking about food,” Tony began to growl, outraged, and Steve tugged him close with an impatient snap of his wrist. And as their hips slotted together, and Tony felt the hard bulge in Steve’s trousers nudge up against his own, his eyes went wide
There was come trickling down his balls and thighs, hot and sticky, smearing between where their bodies joined. Steve’s hands tightened around his hips. “So tight for me, baby, I could fuck you forever, until your cock was bleeding, until you forgot your name, fuck you so long you don't know how to breathe without a cock up that pretty,” thrust, “pretty,” thrust, “hole.”
Tony stops.
He wouldn’t be able to bear it. The thought is warm, sudden, shocking in its heat.
“It’s an American classic.
So Tony did the reasonable thing anyone did if they were hot and horny and filthy rich, and had just been shot down by the lo— by the only person they had ever— by the person they wanted to be around all the—
Darcy, scenting new information like a bloodhound on the hunt, visibly trembled with excitement. “But Tony…?” she prompted, with badly-hidden enthusiasm.
apart—” and Tony snapped, “What the
But Tony was. Tony was drinking him in.
The thing is, people fall for billionaires pretty easily, and that's the sad truth, and Tony knows he’s decent looking, and pretty smooth to bat; there's not a whole lot of people who can withstand that sort of charm offensive, but clearly the Avengers are immune.
he was saying, and Tony could hear him even over the music, ‘
“Steve,” Tony presses. The lifts dings and the doors slide open. Steve starts walking to the lockers; Tony hot on his heels.
and follows him into the pantry.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered. He sounded a little faint.
Half an hour later, Stark Medical has looked him over head to toe, completed a full body CAT scan because they couldn’t exactly stick him in an MRI, made him touch his finger to his nose and name things on flashcards, after which Tony pulled a Steve McQueen in ideological protest and made a run for it.
And Tony carefully puts his mug down on the countertop, takes another step, leans a little closer.
It's always surprising, every time they come this close, which isn't often in the first place, how unbalanced it makes him feel, how it makes his skin prickle, and his heartbeat stutter, having this chance to step in close and have Steve meet his eyes.
“You and me?” Tony asks.
. No way he’s getting around that, not even with a battalion of lawyers. Dinner
But he goes to Steve’s recently emptied apartment first, wanders the rooms. It's not like the space is empty; the furniture came with. Tony wanders the space quietly. He feels like a ghost.
“What.”
He had a lot of practice shoving the voice away.
Tony blinks. “What,
—I wouldn't be able to not—”
“You really didn’t know,” Steve murmured.
At an Atlantean christening ceremony for some kid eleventh in line for the throne, where Namor’s half-octopus cousin kept bringing Tony these fizzy little drinks, and Tony could have
“Where were you this morning?”
There's probably a metaphor in there, about his life. Tony fucking hates metaphors.
“They
“Huh?”
But then Steve’s laughing, and kissing the words out of his mouth, and they never confirm exactly what Steve’s fingers were going to be crushed into, which is just as well, because they never get to dinner that day.
Tony bristled, old habits kicking in hard. “You know who I am, asshole?”
Tony welded in the last plate of the device. He hadn’t picked a name yet for the thing, but it was basically a Monte Carlo simulator taken to the next logical level: a machine capable of balancing trillions upon trillions of variables to simulate the results of small scale changes in decision making in the real world, and the only way to make it better was to give it as much data as possible, which, when you factored JARVIS in, was quite a lot.
It was amazing, actually, that Tony was able to speak through the hook that seemed to have lodged into his throat. “Fuck you,” he managed sharply, and Steve went abruptly quiet. “Since when the hell did you become the expert on my happiness? You have no goddamn idea what I— what makes me —”
Steve pulled up, eyes narrowed at Tony, which normally would have been at least a little bit terrifying, if the effect hadn’t been ruined by the way his lips had turned red, and his wrecked hair, and those eyes that had darkened almost all the way to their pale blue edge. “You like me,” Steve said.
Tony ignores him. “You know Thor, and Jane, and Darcy, and Erik, and Clint, and Phil, and Nat, and May, and Daisy, and like, most of SHIELD has moved into the tower, right?”
“We’re gonna be okay, Tones.”
“This is my stop.”
“You want me to chew for you, too,” she asked dryly as she swung open the white door. Tony responded by opening his mouth wide and she huffed a laugh. When she reached the bed, he gestured for her to sit, and she obeyed while producing his device.
“Tony-”
this. I thought you were gonna die. I thought you were gonna die without knowing how you feel, taste, love. I thought-” he cut himself off with his hand and clenched his eyes tight. He rocked back and forth on Tony’s white shag rug. He slipped off his bed and cradled Steve’s face.
His first class ended quickly enough, and his second class was Art History. He sat next to a tall blonde haired kid who paid better attention than even Steve. His blonde hair was braided out of the way, but baby hairs were persistent in swirling around whenever he shifted in his seat. His icy blue eyes whizzed from one side of the black board to another and then again as the professor scribbled away. His broad shoulders gave Steve a run for his money, as did his arms. He was a perpetual-question-machine and his low voice boomed like thunder. Steve liked his queries; they were relevant and insightful. Class wouldn’t make near as much sense without him asking the same things Steve was wondering.
“I am not wasting my time on this.”
“Sounds nice. Dreams are good for kids.”
“Do we need anything else from this aisle?”
“Tony, where’ve you been?”
After that, Steve never left Tony’s side… and he adored it. Steve would curl around Tony like a cat on a ball whenever they were in the same room. The team hated it. During training, they’d always be on the same team. The two of them together were unstoppable, and the others despised it.
“Can I get your number, Mr Odinson? I kinda don’t have friends.”
“Probably.”
“Save room for me,” she conceded and walked into her personal bathroom.
Steve snatched the box, snickering as he held it up high out of Tony’s reach. After struggling for a moment, he gave up with a smack to Steve’s shoulder. The blonde dropped the box and yelled in fake agony as he gripped his arm with white knuckles. Tony struggled to shush him through giggles and Steve smiled down at him.
“Where does a name like that even come from?”
"Six months."
"She still has classes, but I´ll pick her up afterwards and then we go grab something to eat, probably."
Tony smirked looking back at the remaining cookies in the bag. Realising Steve had made a lot of his awful stuff.
"Well that´s cute, but those suck anyway."
the woman answers with a smile, taking Tony´s offered hand,
people. That's pretty much textbook-definition good-guy, and you
Since coming back to New York, they've all taken advantage of the Tower’s limitless hot water systems, toweling off in the common area, sipping coffee (heavily spiked with Tony’s stash of really good brandy) and hot cocoa (
“You… Wow. You’re in
Steve is immune.
Steve says, like he isn't quite sure what's happening, even though his gaze has flicked down to his mouth twice now.
“But I know when something isn’t working,” Steve continued. He was gripping Tony’s forearm now. “This isn’t working, okay? Just. If you really like Amanda, that’s— that’s great, but— Ah hell. You know what, I’m just gonna—” And then he was striding away, too fast, like he couldn’t get away from Tony quick enough.
“No. Shut up. No.” Steve fidgets. “I’m… I had a good time.”
“I’m sorry I assumed,” Steve says calmly, his body a riot of screaming desire. His hand, in further sedition, has now curled around the back of Tony’s neck. “Any other presumptions of mine you’d like to correct, now would be a good time.”
“—babe?” Tony murmured distractedly, carelessly squeezing his — oh
Steve blinks. “
“What?! No!” For
“Um, mostly I’m trying to do Amanda.”
He imagined it, before. He had, in excruciating detail. And when that hadn’t been enough, he built a billion dollar machine to imagine it for him. To make it so real it had crashed the Greater New York Metropolitan Area’s energy grid, and nearly fried his brains. In every way, in every shape, he had dreamed it and wanted it — he had
“Worried about me,” Tony repeated bitterly. “Jeez, what caused the change of heart? You didn't seem too worried when you—when we—fucking
“I mean, I’m… flexible? We could find a Domino’s, I guess.”
Jarvis pauses. Cocks his head to the side. He looks so alarmingly like Tony in that second, it catches him right in the chest. If he ever had kids, Tony starts to think, and then stamps that thought down with extreme prejudice. “Perhaps,” Jarvis allows slowly. “I did not extrapolate purely from your single line statement. I hypothesized you wanted to come out because of an instigating factor. From there, it was easy to determine that Captain Rogers had captured your… interest.”
A charity ball, is what the thing turns out to be — Capes Against Cancer. Tony protests the name: misrepresentative nomenclature is to be railed against at all times, and Thor is the only Avenger who wears a cape, for - haha - for god’s sake, but both Pepper and Steve override him. Apparently, it’s the spirit of the thing: capes are synonymous with superheroes, and no one will listen to Tony when he insists Iron Man is
Steve puts down his. . . tea? Since when does Captain America drink sencha? And peers at Tony all disapproving over the top of his StarkPad. Hah. So Tony
“What do you think?” Steve asks him, when he's done, fidgeting with the flag lapel pin nervously. Tony bats his hands away and then surveys him, swallowing.
, it was glorious. “Steven, sugarplum, honeybunch, would you
“I though SI HQ moved to New York?”
Tony turns around. He’s never seen the other man, but of course, of course it can only be—
Tony turned to his right, saw Steve entering the corridor. There were two flutes of champagne in his hands. He was very still.
“There is a
“Furthermore, after our hack of SHIELD servers, I have accesss Captain Rogers’ complete medical file, to verify those conclusions, including psych evalua—”
that. Why would he be so cruel? “I
that—”
Or maybe it's just that nothing, really, ever feels quite so warm as a human touch.
I don't— I don't want to hurt you.”
he asked shyly at Tony who cupped on of Steve´s cheek, stroking Steve´s cheekbone with his thumb looking his straight in the eye.
Clint chuckled,
Clint answers shrugging his shoulders,
"Yes, sweetie. We are going to sleep now."
The woman said surprised, and Tony mentally steeled himself for being called out on his sexuality and how horrific it is to raise a child with same-sex parents.
"Daddy... sleep."
he explains,
"I´m Susan."
The next 15 min. was Tony eating the cookies and coughing between sips from his coffee while Steve watched him lovestruck.
"Omg!"
Steve replied, and Tony looked up surprised again,
Steve Rogers! Football Captain Steve Rogers, one of the hottest guys on School. His friend Steve Rogers that Tony paced around, as Rhodey liked to say.  The Steve Rogers Tony had a crush on for a year!
Steve smiled back, and Tony leaned forward again to press their foreheads together, still holding eye contact with Steve.
Tony joked smiling fondly at Steve and Peter.
He knew Tony still felt insecure about being a father figure for Peter, even when he did a good job. But Steve also knew Tony took every negative comment about him being a father way too personal, although they weren´t true. And Tony Stark himself was his biggest enemy at that topic.
The woman smiled while she leans a bit into her carriage to stroke the baby´s face fondly, and Tony could get a better glimpse at the baby too.
"Steve made so much of them. I can´t possibly eat them all anyway."
"I love you, babe. I´m here."
"You oversized softy."
"Vegan, gluten-free, low on Sugar and without nuts Cookies."
Tony suggested,
"Steve, honey. I think the bacon burned."
"I have to do something through real quick,"
"If you been in a relationship as long as we are, then it´s just like every other day,"
“Nothing happened,” Tony concluded, “the world doesn’t care what I have to say.”
They each started out freshman year of college in the same semester, but Steve was six months older, and about three times bigger. Tony had already claimed a room with a king mattress with a headboard, the maxi closet, and a jumbo touch screen television hooked onto the wall. Another guy who was about Steve’s size was swiping through his phone on the bed, while a brunette was sitting on the hardwood floor amongst gadgets and gizmos a plenty. Without looking up, the one on the bed said, “Tones, your roomie is here.”
when a body ran into his. He took out his left bud and saw Fuckin Tony Stark blinking up at him with eyes that were brown enough to rival Bambi’s.
Clint groaned as he stood and bounced out.
Tony Stark was also a mistake. His broken laugh and tired eyes carried so much devastation. So during one of their nighttime conversations, when Tony quietly admitted to Clint at four in the morning about his childhood, Clint plucked him up and put him in his bag of misfits.
A pond glistened with the afternoon sun’s reflection and Steve halted in front of a building that was named after some dead white confederate officer.
“It’s my job. You make any friends yet?”
“Yes,” he whispered.
“You gotta go babysit him though, or else he’ll just buy multicolored dildos and say that they’re bananas and carrots,” she concluded.
Steve simply raised his brow, dropped the handshake and stomped toward Tony, who backed up step by step. The smug smirk never left his face.
“Fuck your tests!”
“Buck and I used to lie on the roof of our apartment complex and try to spot constellations through the smog,” he huffed with a smile, “it was damn near impossible.”
“Hmmm.... nope.”
“I will stick the entire suit up your ass if you do not get up in three seconds.”
Tony swallowed, instead of his gut reaction to
Steve Rogers was a difficult man to describe, but definitely a mistake. Tony had been obsessed with Steve since day one, but no matter what Tony says, Steve wasn’t perfect. Steve punched holes in his walls when civilians died, he cried when he remembered the ice, and he ate all of Clint’s food. Big mistake there.
“I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Can I take your orders for drinks?”
“Fuck off.”
“As long as they aren’t angel hair.”
“But I’m tired.”
As soon as they were parked, Tony grabbed two bags and tripped over himself to get inside. Natasha’s green eyes snapped to his, and he panted, “I need my own room. Now.”
“Yes, master Banner,” JARVIS solemnly agreed.
Steve didn’t hesitate.
“Tony...”
Tony screamed, bringing Steve back to the present, and a green triangle mumbled something threatening, followed by an orange blob.
Tony grinned lazily and shut his eyes, leaning on Steve.
Thor muttered incoherently.
“Tony! What?” could be heard as Tony ran out of the store with his tail between his legs.
“No, I don’t think I will.”
“Depends if I fall asleep or not.”
Tony knew he spent about eighty percent of the time grinning like a dumbass, but Steve smiled too as he licked his way into Tony’s mouth. He didn’t hear any complaints, needless to say.
“So pack up, and let’s get it.”
“Three!”
The other lifted his shoulders to his ears.
“I’ve had every conversation before. Communication is just repetition of words in different sequences. There is no idea that hasn’t already existed; just ideas that haven’t been conveyed correctly.”
Clint sighed and banged his head on the wall.
“Can we not do this right now?”
He might have a problem.
Bruce Banner was a shy mistake. A scientist who made a big ass mistake. A green assed mistake.
“Yes.”
Bruce, Clint, Nat, Thor, and Tony all sat in a quiet circle in Natasha’s bedroom.
“Who the fuck comes from Norway?”
“No!”
Tony screamed as he clutched his computer close and hid behind Steve, who wagged a finger at the beast.
“For Steve.”
“I guess,” Steve drawled. Thor glared at him.
Clint exhaled in defeat and wrapped his arm around the brunette, who snuggled in closer. Tony’s breath was too hot on Clint’s neck, and his arm would go numb soon, but it was worthwhile.
“They also have laws against murder, and no one cares about those.” was what he got in lieu of an actual response.
“Did we fuck,” Tony mumbled as he dug into his eyes.
By month four, Bucky was adapted and Steve was beaming every second of the day. Rogers painted for Barnes, he went shopping with Bucky, and he took him to outings with the team; it was amazing. Nothing was unordinary when Bucky waved his hand for Clint at the dining table.
“Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck!”
“Oh my god,” Steve whispered. He rushed to his friend and crouched next to him. He delicately took Tony’s chin in his fingers and turned his head to face him. Those distinct Bambi eyes were dilated and unfocused. They wandered around Steve’s hairline as he took his pulse. Steve cupped Tony’s face gently.
was drunk out of their minds. A high pitched groan came from Steve again as he thunked his head on the back of the door. A woman with long brown hair swiveled over to him, wearing a dress that left nothing to the imagination.
A waitress in a neat black apron approached them inside the building.
Steve whined at the cold where Tony had previously been and snuggled deeper into the cushions. Pounding footsteps stomped sporadically as the other roommate ran around chaotically. When the rattling stopped, Steve squinted through one eye suspiciously, only to have a bundle of Tony snuggle between him and the back of the couch. They laid face to face, millimeters apart, sharing breaths in silence. Steve raised his handful of blankets in an offer to Tony, who accepted and wriggled closer. Their chests bumped against one another while they stared at the other forever. The same chocolate eyes captured Steve in a confusing trap, and he wondered how he got there. When did eye contact with Tony transform to eye contact with Medusa? Every time, they froze him in his place when he looked for too long, and every time, he went willingly.
“I mean, we could try. You seem pretty big though.”
He grinned at that.
A week after the first night they’d spent, Steve had asked Tony if they could be in a relationship. With the hand holding, and going on dates, and being exclusive. Steve was across the room, his gaze unwavering with his squared shoulders and jutted out jaw. Tony saw the determination in his eyes, and Tony knew that Steve wouldn’t stop loving Tony.
Where are your buds, diphthong?
“Did you just cockblock me?”
“Okay, I give up,” Tony sighed. Steve grinned and opened his mouth, but was interrupted by Clint.
“Cool and Smart is a trademarked ideal that takes many years to perfect.”
Thor nodded, “yeah, I don’t have any classes for another hour, which is super annoying.”
“I like you,” she purred.
“Are you high?”
“I fucking love you, you stupid ass idiot. You can’t-you can’t just
“So you’re just gon’ leave me behind?”
“Never ever never,” Tony confirmed. Steve gawked before whistling.
“Yeah,” he whispered.
A tear slipped down Steve’s cheekbone as he sucked a breath in.
Rhodey waved at Steve, who reflected the action, and walked down the hall out of sight. Steve reached his hand out from the ground and shook Tony’s, who sighed with an eye roll.
“Heyyy Stevie,” Tony grimaced. Steve didn’t reply, unless his ticking jaw counted.
He trudged into the cabin’s dining room and yawned.
“Yeah, it was fuckin’ Tony Stark.”
It wasn’t odd for Stark to disappear for days, but for him to not be in his lab...
“We have to buy our own,” Natasha says without looking up from her nails.
Tony moaned exasperatedly and whimpered. The short commute back home was filled with mostly that, but Steve found that he didn’t mind. The cacophonous musical of New York: now complete with honking horns and Tony Stark lamenting over every little thing. Ten bucks a pop.
“Tony, just think about it-”
“Tony?”
But Tony’s breaths had evened out and he was entirely slumped against Steve. He sighed and heaved his friend in his arms precariously. He whipped his phone out.
Thor snickered and heaved his bag onto his massive shoulder.
“They aren’t together, Tony. You still have a cha-“
“You’re such a dumbass,” he muttered.
iHop was there, in all its pancakeness, bright and lovely. It was the Holy Grail for college students, normally flooded with them. That day was the exception.
They were on the sectional couch in their living room sitting in companionable quiet as they watched Hulu from the brunette’s phone. The sun was setting outside, and Steve was exhausted, but Tony was so raptured by
Quiet settled the table, except little snickers from Clint once in a while.
“No, it-it didn’t burn. I just- I thought I saw a bug. That’s all. Sorry.”
“Who is it?”
“B-Bucky? Like, Captain America’s bestest, greatest, most important person in the world?”
They both nodded and she deftly lead them to a booth in the back corner. Her long red hair swayed with each step. The pair sat across from one another as she laid out the menus.
Steve, with his two large moving boxes in his hands, cleared his throat.
“Man, fuck you. I’m never comforting anyone ever again.”
Tony rolled his eyes and marched to the van. The stars had come out to play and they twinkled over the farm. Fireflies flickered randomly in the tall grasses as more toads burped from the oasis. Tony stood in awe just outside the passenger side’s door, until he heard Steve shuffle next to him.
“Nah, she uh, she just does. She’s the Bucky to my Steve, presumably.”
“Guess we’re gonna go to the mall,” he shrugged and Steve shook his with a tiny smirk.
“My name is Steve. Steve Rogers.”
Steve leaned back, out of Tony’s space.
The grass was cut short, save for around the oak tree, and had dry patches scattered about the open land. They had one hundred acres in the middle of Indiana to fuck around on without any press. Birds chatted in the trees as the sun set over the horizon. Reds, oranges, and yellows gave into dark blues and purples as the center of the universe disappeared into the grass blades. Frogs croaked in the pond by the house, and the leaves rustled in the air.
Now, though, as Steve stood fiercely on the other side of the cave in Siberia, Tony wondered for the first time if Steve felt the same.
Tony was standing in front of a shirtless Steve on top of Bucky on the main couch. Clint tripped next to Tony and tried to tug him away. When that failed, he cleared his throat. The two men stopped abruptly. And good God had they fucking started. Steve could get hickies? That was possible?
“What does that even mean?”
“You, now, I guess,” And they’ve been best friends ever since.
“Thank you, Natasha,” he confided.
“He gonna sell more bombs to get rid of the big baddies that threaten the land of the brave?”
His voice cracked on the last word. Natasha’s little sharp inhale didn’t help, but Steve just smiled and blushed.
Steve stood from his chair and walked to Tony.
“That’s really inconvenient. Can you come back later?”
“No.”
Steve’s crystal blue eyes bored into him, and he knew he’d never let this go.
Clint peaked over the corner and snapped back. Nope. No one’s hurt.
, he realized. He secondly noted that his mouth tasted like ass and that he has a killer headache. He got up on his elbows and looked around. His television was still on the wall, and there weren’t any strangers in his bed, so all in all it was a great night.
Murmurs resounded in the circle and Bruce nodded.
“Why not?”
With that, Stark vanished and left Steve mid step.
A banging on his door interrupted his conversation.
“Did you catch his name?”
“What? Did it burn? Fucking shit, I can’t afford a hospital bill right now.”
“It’s also a movie and a chain of convenience stores,” Steve disclosed.
“The Test,” Natasha reiterated.
Bucky coughed even louder as the two spies chuckled.
“Is something wrong?”
—————
A hush settled over the room as the two men watched the muted screen.
“What, Clint? That’s the elephant in the room! That’s why you’re all here, taking up all my space!”
“Always a pleasure, Natasha,” Tony drawled. She flipped him off without looking up from her phone, then plopped on the couch next to Steve’s feet. Sharp green eyes flicked to him for a nanosecond, then resumed her scrolling.
“I would be if you and your boy would’ve just shut the hell up,” Tony mumbled.
“Uh, I guess we all take shifts with keeping an eye on him. We make sure he doesn’t hurt... h-himself. Um, we’ll have JARVIS give us all hourly updates so we aren’t in the dark,”
“Boys, boys. Locker room talk is for the locker room.”
Tony chuckled mournfully and Clint’s heart broke.
He softly walked over and sat down next to the little ball of person. The smaller man wasn’t okay, based on a short list Clint comprised: Tony’s hair was greasy and his eyes were red, with a face that was sullen and shoulders that hung low. And... y’know... the liquor bottle he was holding.
“Um... who wants lunch,” Bruce asked, appearing out of nowhere.
“Because he is.”
The next morning, Steve was fully rested and happy to be alive. His headphones were on full volume, which was terrible for his hearing, but he was listening to Queen, so
“Should we go help them?”
Steve’s face practically snapped in half with how big his beam was. He ran to Tony and picked him up by the waist, swinging him around like a stuffed animal. Tony laughed harder than he thought possible. His cheeks were hot with joy and he couldn’t stop smiling for hours afterward.
“Really?”
When they asked who wants what, four other voices answered in tandem with a variety of foods. Words clashed and nothing made sense, so Tony clapped his hands together and walked out the door with Steve on his tail.
Steve tugged him into a hug, and they both embraced one another while sobbing for an eternity. Time passed irregularly, but they eventually pulled away.
“THEY’RE GONNA FUCKIN’ DIE!”
“You’ve already had this conversation before, haven’t you?”
Steve delicately touched his forehead to Tony’s. Steve’s breath smelled like Clint’s
“We always had people to do people stuff for us,” Tony revealed.
“He built your phone that you’re sassing me through,” Bucky replied.
“Do we have to walk back,” Tony whined as he signed the check. He’d gotten to it first, but Tony snatched it out of his hands and giggled.
“Fine! I’ll stop for the night. Now gimme my power Wraw!”
“You won’t move ever again if you do not close that damn door,” was all he needed to obey the order. When Tony stepped back to swing shut the door, he saw Steve hiking towards him.
Two days had passed before Tony left his room. He was tired. He hadn’t wanted to work, so he had surfed along the internet and somehow landed on coding his way back into Club Penguin. It was a lot less fun when there was no one to report him for doing morally ambiguous things like threatening to steal puffles.
“I thought I’d have to bring up the charts,” he confessed. Tony snickered.
“What they fuck? Why’re you here?”
“Like, never ever?”
Steve was so happy that his new friends and his old friend got along. His smile was so much brighter and he hugged everyone every chance he got. On movie nights, Bucky and Steve sat together, followed by Tony on the arm of the couch. Clint sat on the floor with Lucky while Natasha was on the futon. Bruce sat across Thor’s lap as they all clapped with the Friends theme song every Friday.
“You’re daddy’s going on a trip?”
“Oops,” Tony drew out. Steve didn’t reply, just peeled out of his shirt and dabbed at his chest. He got most of it and started to withdraw, only to see Stark with wide open eyes looking at him.
“Yes, I know where we are, and where we’re going.”
“Is this an alternate universe?”
“You snuck my mattress in here? How’d you even get in?”
“You passed.”
Clint howled and grabbed her hand and held it up in the air, claiming her Champion.
“Bucky and I aren’t dating,” he laughed out.
“Uh… hot cocoa, please.”
“Thank you... thanks for staying.”
Lucky trotted under a chair, took a right, then led up a flight of stairs Clint hadn’t even known of. Inside the attic, Clint heard infinitesimal sobs and clinking glass. He crept in to see Tony curled in a ball with a blue glass box in his hand.
“Man had sinned, so He thought He should wash us out and start over.”
“Woah, woah, woah,” Tony interrupted, “the world didn’t flood.”
“It’s Steve.”
“‘Kay,” Tony concluded.
Bruce and Thor had their legs tangled on the couch as Bruce squinted through his glasses down at his StarkPhone and Thor was french braiding his hair into a fanning bun. Clint and Tasha were in the kitchen, with Nat sat cross legged on the table and Clint scrounging for food.
“Did you-“
“Stark, you missed out. Ma would hafta swat my hands away any time I reached to grab stuff off the shelves, and whenever I actually managed to sneak something home, it felt like winning the Olympics. I swear on my life, late night shopping was my favorite pastime as a kid. Sometimes, Ma would give me a dime, and I could buy a set of shitty pencils to draw with. It was Christmas.”
She licked her lips and leaned back on one leg. She exhaled lightly then swaggered down the stairs. Tony resigned himself to no laptops that night and trudged into his own area. A white bedspread had running horses printed in brown on it, and matching brown throw pillows were on top of regular pillows. A coffee maker and microwave were hidden in a cupboard. A loveseat was in the corner, and that was it for decorations. Tony heaved a single sob before he burrowed into the bed.
“Yes?”
Tony rolled his eyes.
Time passed with neither of them daring to move, and their grins softened the longer they stayed inches apart. Tony had his hands on the arm that was across Steve’s chest holding his other appendage, and he could feel his chest rising with each puff of breath on his forehead. Tony felt his neck burning and he sighed with serenity as his eyes fluttered down to the other’s lips. They parted slightly and the bottom was tugged between teeth, which made Tony look back up to Steve’s eyes. The raw vulnerability that was too rare shone brightly, forcing him to step back to his own buggy.
“You could hurt me,” was all Tony could muster before sucking in a wavering breath.
Tony looked down, imagining a lady with Steve’s face fighting with an asthmatic Steve about chewing gum in the twentieth century. He snorted at the sight that must’ve been. Steve paused his reminiscing to poke at Tony’s side, who wriggled into a shelf. They both muffled laughter with their hands, as to not draw attention to themselves. Steve nodded smoothly before saying, “Whatever you’re thinking it looked like is probably damn near the truth. I was as crazy as a runt could physically be, and my poor Ma usually paid the price. Metaphorically and literally.”
“Go away,” he yelled.
Tony thought,
“Yeah.” and he cackled before joining the party, saddling up to Sunset and winking at Steve over his shoulder.
“That’s too far.”
“‘M not hungry,” said the low growl from the edge of the room.
Up your ass, Terminator.
“You’re all comfy and warm!”
“Are you happy with your decision?”
“Nat,” Clint chided.
“Dad got us pardoned by United Nation for two weeks. If the world ends, it’s not our fault.”
Steve sighed and held his hands in surrender,
he concluded before marching into Tony’s empty room and fell asleep within minutes.
“Okay… why are you here,
Steve aptly apologized, inhaled his breakfast and he was out the door with his books before the song even ended.
Tony shrugged and hopped down the stairs.
Two cold pieces of metal snapped into Clint’s ears and the world came barreling at him.
The brunette from before, now known as Fuckin’ Tony Stark tripped over himself inside the room. His friend - Rhodey? - was stood behind him with crossed arms.
“Hello,” he addressed.
Sunset stilled and stepped back with a bite to his bottom lip.
The class erupted in cheers and Steve knew it would be a very long hour and a half.
Tony glared at the blonde but slowly moved his foot. Steve smiled and sat on top of Tony, whom immediately protested.
Tony was full on whining, and Steve cackled at the sight of this elaborate, fancy, top notch Fuckin Tony Stark complaining and jumping like a toddler on a trampoline. Steve lost his breath after he imagined Tony on one of those leashes for kids being dragged around at a zoo, and Tony seized the moment.
“Fuck if I know.”
She nodded hesitantly. He dropped his bags on the ground before she walked to a new hallway that had a staircase. On the second level, three doors were framed and closed.
Steve’s breath died in his throat as Tony sat up.
“Can you fuckers be any louder?”
They eventually pulled into a parking lot that was dimly lit. Cicadas buzzed in the background and Tony slammed his door shut, just to piss off Steve
Stark’s head fell back with a groan of remorse.
“Have you ever seen anything like this,” Steve asked in a low voice. Tony steadfastly ignored looking at the other’s mouth move.
him and Tony would be defenseless because he’d be the stupid idiot who fell in love with someone who didn’t love him. Steve could use his body again and again, and Tony would just take it and most probably love it, because he adored anything Steve did ever. His body wouldn’t be his anymore, and he’d belong to Steve, and, and, and-
———————
Blonde hair was rustled- wait.
“I’ll be in the car.”
Lucky whined louder.
“Okay, okay! What’s wrong?”
The brunette licked his lips before sighing. When he didn’t continue, Steve grinned.
“I could hurt you,” Tony finally admitted. Steve chuckled lightly and held his hand out. Tony accepted it and big, firm warmth flooded from his fingers to his soul.
“Tony, Noah’s Ark!”
Disappointment flashed across gorgeous features before it was reigned in.
“What’re they’re fucking names, shithead!”
“Can you bring my computer up,” he begged softly.
“Nuh-uh.”
Steve chuckled and switched the Keurig on, then returned to his scrambled eggs. In his peripheral vision, he saw Tony with his head bowed forward on the coffee machine as it brewed his drink.
“They do whatever I want!”
Steve huffed a humorless laugh and Tony felt his chest tighten. The arc reactor dug sharply into his heart and lungs momentarily as he steeled himself.
“Superheroes don’t get vacation, smartass.”
“Sounds like a very nutritional meal,” Tony voiced from the floor.
It had taken them twenty-three minutes to free themselves. Tony promptly grabbed all the cloth he could hold and trotted out the room, leaving a bewildered Steve behind.
After a while standing on the edge of the playground Tony sat over on a bench nearby. A few seconds later a woman with a baby carriage joint him, rocking it softly while looking out on the playground. Glancing his way a few times,
Tony commented, and Clint watched in surprise when Tony started to eat Steve´s cookies.
"Come on this is so cheesy and cute at the same time."
Later the day, Tony smiled when Steve walked into his office with Peter on his hip to pick him up after work holding a cup of coffee to go for his boyfriend in his other hand.
"It´s fine, Tony..."
Tony jokes as he snatched a cookie out of the bag, bitting into it.
"Next time make me some with blueberries in them."
"I promised him to go to the playground, but we had to get you first,"
"How can somebody abandon their own child? How can you call yourself a parent when you missed more of your child´s life then you witnessed?"
"And I know you will still beat yourself up for a possible decision you may or may not have made back then. And I will be here for you to remind you that when Peter needed his father, you stood up for him even when you were scared. You have to see that Tony. You try your best, and you are doing a great job. That´s the important part."
"Hey, what are you doing here? You two off on a secret date?!"
the woman laughs,
"Aww, how mean! If it cheers you up, I told it to everyone as well."
"Daddy, daddy!"
"But it would be confusing when he calls us both Dad. And I was the dad first."
"Daddy! Hurry."
Tony huffed out, and Steve shot him an apologetic smile,
Tony whispers as he leaned closer,
Tony was quiet, because of course Tony was quiet. His head wasn’t working right. And it was into that silence that Steve said, “Anyway. That’s what I — if it seemed like I disapproved, it was because I…”
“They? DIE?!! Why would you make me
“Steve?” Tony asked, hoarse, because he’s seen mixed messages more than once in his life, but this is a whole ‘nother level of thing.
Until he’s ambushed by Captain America in the waiting room. Who is—
There's no air in his lungs, there's no voice in his head, and Steve’s everything, all around him, hard, febrile heat, using him, draining him out.
. Right there. Just. Just.
“Don’t— dont do that,” Steve said. His voice was tight and rushed, each syllable coming out clipped and uneven. “You don’t have to reciprocate— That is, I mean to say, I don’t expect you to— I’m trying to— to get over it,” Steve said wretchedly. “I’m trying, I swear I am—”
And Steve— melts. Curls around Tony, big hands sneaking up underneath his tux jacket, practically dipping him over with his kisses, soft and yearning and unbearable, every second in the dimness of this hidden space, like sugar-sweet icicles are coring into his chest.
At the People’s Choice Awards, where Tony and Steve had somehow gotten a nomination for Best Fight Scene, and one of the stunt doubles for Scarlett Johansson wanted to ‘show Tony her moves,’ Holy Jesus Christ.
Four months later, SHIELD is a flaming wreck of nothingness, Clint and Natasha are on indefinite loan to the Avengers’ program, whatever the hell that’s supposed to mean, and Steve’s back in New York.
sake. “That was
do you think you're doing,” somehow managing not slur his words.
“Hungry?” Steve asks, idle, like it’s a question he’s gotten used to asking — but he
And still,
this night was playing hell on his heart. “
honor, I promise.”
“Steve?” he said softly, but though Steve's eyes were on him, the gaze was blurred, hazy, like a meth addict on a perfect high.
Disappointed. What the fuck.
The music was slowly coming back on. Someone was winding through the crowd, a staff member. “Sir,” the twinky little hipster shithead was saying, “I'm going to have to ask you and your friend to leave, please.”
and your freaky monster dick, dude!” Tony whisper-shrieked.
Steve’s hands were on him now, those hands that had once not dared to touch Tony. They were stroking his hip, palming his ass, groping the tense length of his thighs. Tony's cock was soft now, sweat drying uncomfortably on his skin, his ass throbbing around the intrusion of Steve’s cock.
you to move in?!”
But Steve shakes his head, and his stomach plummets — and Tony’s
Tony laughed airlessly. Steve looked so
“What?!
He feels
“No, what?
“I thought—” And now it was Steve’s turn to pause, and stutter, and struggle to look Tony in the eye. “After we— After we last talked, what I said, I thought maybe you wouldn’t want me to—”
“I’m just saying.” Tony shrugged. “I talk a lot of shit. You might hate me. In which case, not moving in is totally understandab—”
Tony touched the back of his neck, tugged him down, and when that didn’t work, reached up, and angled his jaw, and brushed a kiss against his firm and unyielding mouth.
he never managed to say, because that was enough time for Tony to grasp his nape and pull him down, to turn him over so the ridge of his cock was rubbing against Tony’s hole, wet and open, loose from all of Steve’s hard work.
don't believe it, so you go around doing things you
You had to appreciate the man’s taste in food, that was for sure.
It's a lot of maybes; the only thing set in concrete is this: Tony is the one who—
Tony’s jaw flexes in a resplendent display of controlled rage. “It
Tony grates out, numb with shock.
“What?”
He kept his mouth shut.
Steve shrugged. “Sure.”
The Hyatt Regency Malibu abuts a sheer, limestone cliff: rooms on the seaside have plate glass windows that don’t open, and a gorgeous view for which you have pay 150% extra. Most people do. The sea is stunning, even at night. Tony watches the sea, watches a tiny wave break white foam over the water. Watches the spot. Six seconds later, it breaks again.
“...”
It's only when Steve’s about to turn away from him, and head back to his own bedroom, that Tony speaks up.
He hissed, involuntary, and that seemed to spur Steve further, his slow smile widening dangerously, still sloe-eyed, hazy.
‘Before
“I’m still very single, Tony.
. He's dating Pepper. Whom he loves, beyond reason and words.
“How the hell was I
“Why?”
“—hey!”
“You’re living
“Yeah,” Tony says. Steve-who-is-not is still touching his shoulder. “Tony?” he asks again. His voice is soft, full of worry. His voice isn’t real. None of this is real. The concern, the care, the desire.
, will you
“Well, I see I’ve become entirely superfluous to this conversation,” Bruce murmured dryly. He brushed past Steve on his way out, picking one flute out of his unresisting hand and knocking it back in one. Neither Tony nor Steve watched him leave.
“Tony. That’s not going to make you happier,” Steve said quietly, and Tony stopped breathing. “I don’t know what’s up with you, but— you keep doing this, every time we go somewhere new, and I see the way you look the next morning and it isn’t— this isn’t the answer, don’t you see? This isn’t the solution. There’s someone new at every party, but they never make you happier, Tony, and it’s—”
Christ. Tony thought he had been discreet.
wanted to lick at the head, suck it feel kntl his mouth— “How long, exactly, is that supposed to take?”
Tony only barely managed to bite back the groan of protest.
Steve's jaw… faltered. There was a look in his eye… “Tony.
Steve hissed, as Tony slowly rose up on his quads, and then fucked himself back on Steve’s thick, aching cock. “God, I can't, I can't hold back, Tony,
“Alright. Plug this in. What if… Let’s not do anything involving the Avengers for the trial run. Something easy. What if… What if I came out.”
Tony stiffened. Someone screamed. He turned around carefully, and found his mystery dance partner being choked, a hand around his throat, his shoes a foot off the ground and it was
“Oh. I see. But Tony…”
Steve sighed again. “I meant… I meant what are you doing with her?”
Tony hissed.
Tony snarled back. “The fuck do you think you are, Rogers?
while it felt like the shrapnel had cored through his miserable, useless fucking heart anyway.
Steve dropped the guy, and whirled on a foot. His eyes were slitted, furious. “We're leaving.”
“There’s a dance I don’t want to miss,” he says, almost to himself, setting the highball glass on the bartop, and winding his way through the crowd.
Darcy arched a brow. “In Malibu? Where her job is?”
Jarvis, what I was asking was, why the hell did you think Steve would be
That’s fine. He just— he needs to just make this last a little longer.
But Steve turns around, says,
“And when the storm comes?”
Tony had wiped his hand on Steve’s thigh, through the crinkly golden hair, careless, smearing it with come, and asked, instead, “How many times can you…?” gesturing vaguely downwards.
A dark blond head shifted up, and then there were those blue-green eyes, blinking lazily at him. “Tony,”
“Steve,” Tony managed, and then his goddamn throat choked out.
Steve hitched up an awkward grin. “Sorry?”
And then came the thin trail of fear.
else.
An hour ago, even, he had been whispering Tony’s name, hands sweeping down his bare back, letting Tony pin him to a wall, kisses turning hotter, hungrier, more needy.
“I’m not
you're lucky. I’d like to make it last.”
“Mind if I borrow him for a little, Senator?”
“It’ll be okay. Let’s get you up, huh?” And then his arm is looping under Tony’s, hauling him up. Someone has cut away the straps that had pinned him to the chair. They fell to his feet.
to him, once, when he was little. Start to finish. Tony had drifted off to sleep, his head in ten-year-old Bruce’s lap, and Bruce had… let him.
“It’s a talent,” Tony bites out. “Sorry I dragged you into—”
“Speak for yourself, old man,” Tony replies easily. He watches Steve out of the corner of his eye. “I like him just the way he is.”
Steve smiles wryly. “Bits and pieces.”
“Eleven points, at least,” she’s saying, but Tony’s caught the first faint strains of violin from the other end of the ballroom.
Something dark crosses the light, and in the dimness, his vision gradually recovers. Blue eyes stare into his, a forehead creased with fear. “Tony?” a painfully familiar voice is saying. That hand is still on his shoulder. “Tony!”
He turns around, feeling Steve’s eyes on him. They’re like needles, like something fiery and sharp dragging down his back. Shit shit
people, god.)
of this seriously—”
“What if you revealed your bisexuality?” JARVIS asked to confirm.
Steve flipped him down, crawled down his body, opened him up with gentle, precise fingers, burying three down to the knuckle and curling, curling them up, making Tony arch off the bed like he had been
looks like!”
me, the thought that someday I’m going to ask something of you, and you won't say no, even though you should. I can't be the reason you get hurt. Don't make me,
Steve stares at him.
Tony.”
“I c—
to know, you lunatic?” Tony demanded, stalking angrily towards Steve, jabbing a finger into his chest. “You’ve never even
much, it hasn't.”
,” Tony says harshly. “No more. You shouldn’t— I shouldn’t find out from— If anyone tells me about that, it should be
“You know.”
“Do you need me to talk to someone?” Steve asks quietly. “Is something wrong? Is this an Aven—”
Aaaaaaand Steve was frowning again. “In n Out?”
“Y— yeah?”
“Don't worry about it,” Tony echoes automatically, and Steve—grins, and slaps his shoulder, and then strides out of the gym, while Tony’s left… standing there, sand spilling out onto the floor, wreckage at his feet, feeling like he’s been hit over the head and electrocuted for good measure.
“We have the thing,” he interrupts.
?” Tony asks, letting himself into Steve’s hideous little flat in Bed-Stuy. He kicks at the threadbare, industrial grey carpeting and tries hard not to let existential horror overtake him when he sees the dull, green paint on the walls. It matches the kitchen appliances. Everything in the room looks like it was last refurbished in the Hoover administration. Tony can feel an asbestos coming on. “This is— I don’t think they make words for this anymore.”
The enemy here being Steve, and the action being the Puppy Eyes Of Instant Debonerification.
a hand coming around him, rubbing Tony’s bulge through his pants, mouthing his neck, that cock still grinding into the small of his back, terrifyingly big, perfectly sized,
“I… wanted to apologize.”
The shirt comes off first, button by button, a slow tease, revealing the pale, smooth lines of his chest inch by torturous inch, and oh
me. Dammit.
“But somebody did.”
“Speedo Guy?”
get here?” Tony shot back reflexively, but instead of the disapproving frown he’d come to expect, Steve rolled his eyes, smiled a little. His hand touched Tony’s cheek. Rubbed a spot just below his mouth. “I missed you,” Steve whispered, and then he was dipping downwards, brushing their lips together, before, Jesus god, before pulling away.
“Why the hell did you follow me,” he asks, and regrets it immediately. Hates the shake in his voice, wants to put on his gauntlets and repulsor himself in his own fucking face.
Tony thought wretchedly.
Four, five, six, Tony counts. The wave breaks again. He can hear it now. The slow roar of the sea. It’s filling up his ears.
“Tony!”
Or the next.
Who looked a little bemused.
So that's the part that doesn't make sense, see, that Tony kisses Steve, because it's nuts. Maybe the only part, maybe the rest of it was inevitable from there.
So maybe that's why: the downrush after the adrenaline, the warmth of the coffee, the lingering warmth from the alcohol. Maybe it's because of the memory of the cold that they’ve all been trying to banish. Maybe that edge of fear that Tony's carried deep underneath the pulsing blue core of the arc reactor, ever since Afghanistan:
Tony! Senator Vinnick’s an important guy, how do you think he’s gonna feel that you pulled me away so we could
“I’m gonna let you rethink that one in a couple of seconds.” Tony snorts, and crosses his arms over the reactor, while Steve goes on, “I don't know who told you you're a bad guy.
It fits Steve perfectly. Tony is very smug.
“Pepper’s a
Steve shook his head. “With someone who could make me—lose control.”
He comes out of it slowly. By then Steve’s already cleaned them out with a handful of Kleenex, and he’s splayed out on his belly next to Tony, carding his fingers through dark, sweat-damp hair.
. I’m about as straight as a crazy straw, this isn’t homophobia, this is what having a functional grasp on
Tony tries to look away. He can feel a coil of cold sweat slowly unspooling down his back. But Steve is looking at him, with those pale, ice-chip blue eyes, and Tony is trapped, held under, drowning. There is a tremor working through his fingers, now, and it feels like fear and anger and bewilderment.
He must have made some kind of sound, something desperate and needy and pitched, the kind of sound you made just before you said,
and like Steve had had some kind of telepathic subroutine implanted in his brain, he ducked down once again, his palm cupping the side of Tony’s face, and they were kissing again. This time, Steve licked his mouth open, bit into his lips, groaned when he touched Tony’s tongue. This time their kiss was lush and hot, full of wants and desperate desires. Steve hadn’t worn anything besides his boxers to bed and thank goodness, neither had Tony; he could feel the bulge of Steve’s cock against his thigh, it felt hot and hard and
Tony had forgotten the four years Wayne had on him. Their parents had been friends of course, and Tony had been to Gotham any number of times when he was little. Vaguely now, he remembered toddling after Wayne, through long narrow corridors in the Manor. Wayne’s quiet laugh, grabbing Tony’s sticky little hand. The smell of a library, of leather and old books. He had read
“Tony?” Steve asks, that dark, hungry look in his eyes, and it’s an out, it’s a yellow light, it’s a I’ll-stop-if-you-want-me-to, and Tony shivers again, cold threatening at the seams: he doesn’t want Steve to stop.
that was such a great ass — and then threaded his way through the crowd to where Steve was sat, all by himself.
“No,” Tony says. Whispers. His voice is gritty, hoarse. He barely shakes his head, like he’s terrified of dislodging Steve’s grip.
“You’re supposed to be a Nazi,” Tony tells him, irritated.
“You're not going anywhere.”
—grinded with boys way too young for him, made out with a tattooed, beardy Adonis built like some biker version of Thor, let a stranger whisper filth in his ears, rubbing his hard-on into Tony’s back, tipping his head into the music—
“Sir?”
That's the part of it that doesn't make sense, because he’s wanted to kiss Steve for— for ages, forever, it feels like, but he’s always managed to talk himself off the ledge before. Their friendship is more important, the team is more important. And the thing is—
Steve flinched. It was a minute movement, unnoticeable to anyone who wasn’t really looking.
what a rush that was, to see Captain America pinned and trembling underneath him, to see that mouth form his name. To see him beg.
Like I said. It's a lot of maybes.
time!”
Steve is easy to find, a golden head just above most of the crowd. He’s arguing with Senator Vinnick because that’s what those two idiots always do, and Arnie’s got that same indulgent smile on his face that Tony’s seen him wear around his grandkids.
“I… I was wondering if maybe we could do this again. But maybe without the head injury?”
His eyes widen. He stops breathing. His heart races.
Tony is the one who kisses Steve first.
“Arnie, hey,” he greets, cutting in the middle of Steve’s “—don’t you think it’s
Steve's as good as his word. In less than thirty-six hours, his suite of rooms on the 87th has been emptied out. Tony’s in and out of meetings all day, and he misses when Steve leaves.
“No,” Steve says. Tony’s stomach sinks like a fucking rock.
into Tony’s swollen, abused hole, in ragged, harsh strokes. “Tony,” he kept saying, voice scoured down to gravel, a sound like ruin and darkness, “Fuck,
Tony tells himself desperately.
“How late do you think we can be to the party?” Tony asks, lightly tamping down the edge of Steve’s collar. His voice has dropped a little, and his pants feel tight.
like me,” Steve murmured to himself. His hand had found Tony’s waist, had somehow managed to ruck up his shirt, and now his thumb was tracing slow lazy circles just above the waistline of his trousers.
“Cap?” Tony asked, stunned.
should
“Have you Googled Hulk porn, Tony?” Bruce asked him gravely.
He looked like he was close to actually breaking a sweat, his chest already red and blotchy, his eyes engulfed in black. And
It’s fun. Really fun. They heckle the Nazis, boo the prison camp officers, polish off three bowls of popcorn before Jarvis has the kitchens send up platefuls of sandwiches. BLTs, Tony tries not to notice. Tony sniffles a little at the end, while Steve turns completely distraught.
“Fuck off,” she said, but nicely, and Steve obeyed with a smile. Something was starting to pound quite viciously in his throat. Tony hadn’t asked Pepper to move in, and Steve couldn’t help but feel that that was, almost definitely, his own stupid fault. God damn it.
the fuck cooler than
Steve got up. He was taller than Tony — it was starkly obvious now, as he looked down. Tony felt his throat dry up. Those eyes were dark and huge, and they were fixed intently on him. “Okay,” he said softly. Steve’s voice felt like it was sliding all over him. “Where to?”
“Yes! Of course I do, Steve, what the hell else am I—”
“Maybe I should— I mean, an actual person would be a— a better lookout, right?”
, Jarvis?” Tony asks desperately. “Why did you show me this?”
“Hi Tony,” Steve says pointedly, from where he’s sat at the formica-top kitchen counter, eating a bowl of cereal. There’s a New York Times open next to him. Tony feels like he’s been yanked back to 70s, and not in a good way. “Sure, why don’t you come on in,” Steve’s going on, in that prissy, annoying voice.
One-two-three, step, one-two-three, step. Steve’s rhythm is impeccable. You could waltz to it.
and whisper, “I told you: Just don’t let me go.”
, I am not
“So trust me,” Tony said urgently, bright golden hope flaring like a starburst inside him, like ignition fluid catching spark. “Trust me. I’m a selfish bastard, Rogers. I’d never let you do anything that’d hurt me.”
At them?
If he ever learned to keep his stupid mouth shut, Tony would take over the world.
he explains after taking a sip from his coffee and Steve´s face lit up again,
"Steve Rogers, would you give me the honour of Peter calling you Papa?"
he said holding out his hand to the woman next to him.
"Maybe. But she´s my first child, and I´m always worrying if I do it right or not."
"Oh, don´t be. We don´t need him. I can take care of her myself."
"Steve! Talk to me, what happened?"
"But then I realised something,"
Natasha asked a Steve sat back down again,
he asked before turning to Peter,
he explains, and after a few seconds Tony´s coughs stopped,
"Done!"
"I have the feeling I should call the Kindergarten and tell them Peter isn´t coming today."
He says after a while as he gets up to order another coffee for Tony, who swallowed the content in his mouth with the rest of his drink.
"You don´t have to,"
Tony said smiling before both waved goodbye, and a bit later Susan was gone, and Tony had his phone out in a second, determined. He was so into his phone that he didn´t notice Steve and Peter coming his way.
Steve admitted blushing even more,
"Oh,"
And Steve hugged him again, looking at Tony,
"Shh, Peter. Everything is fine. It´s fine sweetie."
"It is."
"And you are my saviour right now!"
"Babe, you know you want to hit that so bad,"
Peter whined, and Steve kissed his forehead,
Tony explains, and Clint grunted in disgust,
"What? You have nothing planned for her?"
he asked looking back at the playground, not many children were there and he didn´t recognise any new faces.
the boy exclaimed, but Tony just waved at him letting go of Steve´s hand,
"Same."
Tony stood up from his desk, walking over to Steve and Peter who both smiled at him,
Tony cheered joking as well, none the less turning to Steve with a big smile,
Tony grinned before kissing him on the lips then he stood back up again. Helping Steve, with Peter on his arm, to his feet,
"What did he say?"
Tony grinned teasingly gesturing at himself Nat chuckled behind him, and Steve only let out a huff as he grabbed one of Tony´s hands sulking. He may like the boy, but he was still embarrassed by said boy´s confidence in his good looks.
"So little, yet so beautiful."
Tony said, and Steve snorted at that,
"No,"
"You staying home with Papa today."
"Daddy! Play with me!"
Tony admired her, and the woman just shrugged,
Steve laughs shaking his head,
he answers, and Natasha snorted,
"Hi, daddy."
Tony sighs relaxing a bit more, and Steve smiled before he picked up on the sorrow in Tony´s posture. He had noticed over dinner that Tony had something on his mind and wanted to wait until the other men spoke up, but to see the uncomfortable linger in Tony´s eyes was enough for Steve.
Tony wind his arm around Steve´s waist who laid his free arm around Tony´s shoulder, pressing his boyfriend closer to his side. And after a Second of snuggling Tony went back to his phone, Steve pressed another kiss on his hair while standing there waiting for Tony to finish whatever he was doing.
"Hurry, Papa."
He called out as he enters the kitchen, startled when he saw Steve lying on the kitchen floor, Peter sitting on his chest crying and looking at Tony before laying down on Steve again hugging his neck.
Tony remarked, picking another cookie up to stuff it in his mouth, and Steve looked in horror as Tony coughs even harder this time as tears were forming in Tony´s eyes.
she smiled as she looked up at Tony again,
Tony eyed her for a moment,
Steve agreed,
"Just that you know, I expect you to make out with me in my car later,"
Tony chuckled before a thought crossed his mind,
Natasha smiled fondly looking over to where Steve stood and waited for his and Tony´s coffee. After a few seconds, he noticed his friends staring and looked up smiling at them.
"You sucked all the fun out of this cookies,"
"Thanks. Peter is my biological son, and he called my boyfriend Dad the first time this morning. And you won´t believe it, but the big guy started to cry. It was adorable."
"I will."
"Damn! I hope so too."
he said smiling fondly at his boyfriend and son.
he asked, and Steve nodded,
"You should take that deal, Rogers."
he said, and Peter nodded before hugging Steve again, Tony still next to them stared in disbelieve,
he asked, but Peter still looked confused at his dad,
the woman then asked after a moment, and Tony looked at her with a friendly smile on his face before he looked back over to Steve and Peter.
"Do you want one?"
"Wow, he sucked all the good out of the cookies."
Tony laughs rounding his desk again to finish up. A few moments later Tony slips his hand into Steve´s who lead their way to the playground while Peter told him what he did with his Papa at home.
Peter whined, and after a glance at Tony who smiled. Steve let Peter pull him on the Playground, and Tony watched as Steve chaste after Peter, who runs off to the climbing frames and swings.
Steve chuckled, and a few minutes later he stood in front of Peter´s bed. Patting the little boy´s back gently who stirred awake after a moment,
he answers blushing as well, and for a moment they just stared at each other untilTony´s stomach growled, yeah definitive hunger.
"He will bring her one of the valentine´s coffee, and then go to a dinner that has Valentine's special for today, and then go to watch a sappy movie. Both of them are so over stuff like that on holidays."
Steve tried to sooth the boy as he rubbed his own teary eyes. Tony was still panicking and confused beside them.
Peter looked from Tony´s hand to Steve´s face, who smiled at him.
"I needed to get some papers from the Café, and Natasha banned me after maybe the 10th time mentioning that Peter called me Dad and is calling me Papa now."
Natasha said smirking around her cup of coffee while Clint just rolled his eyes turning back to Tony,
"Yeah,"
he asked again, and Steve finally looked at his boyfriend as he kissed Peter´s forehead, tears still forming in his eyes.
"Heard that Peter?"
Clint asked,
he said leaning in to kiss Steve´s lips then Peter´s cheek, who´s head laid on Steve´s shoulder.
"No, I´m gonna eat them."
she answers, and Tony thought for a moment before he apologetically smiled at Susan.
"He could call you Papa instead."
The boy demanded, and Steve looked at him a moment with wide eyes. Before tears formed in Steve´s eyes surprising Peter and himself when a sob left his throat.
"Cookies, Steve made them,"
"Tony!"
Tony breaths out, steeling himself for what he would say next, and Steve starts to worry a bit.
Steve said with a smile on his face before he sadly sighs,
When Steve came back after some minutes his face was flushed red, and Tony and Nat eyed him suspiciously while Clint shoots them a mischievous grin as he left the Starbucks.
"He called me dad."
"I´ll get you another one,"
the little boy exclaimed happily, and Steve froze surprised as Peter runs into him, catching him off guard what caused them to topple over with Steve landing on his back while Peter sprawled out on his chest, giggling before grabbing Steve´s face with both hands.
Tony nodded sadly and passed it over.
“I WON’T WATCH THEM DIE!” echoed throughout the area.
Steve held the plug up high as Tony scrambled for it, but a head smaller than Steve, he gave up.
“You have not made coffee yet.”
“Gee, I can’t wait.”
JARVIS answered.
“Are we done?”
“I do not remember asking.”
“No.”
Steve looked away from the heights to him and the distance was so minute; Tony could feel crackling electricity everywhere. Every atom sizzled and begged to be closer, but he blinked the haze out of his eyes. Steve looked so open and honest; it couldn’t happen, though. Tony inched away, only a little. However, Steve noticed and whatever had started was now over. The tension in his shoulders loosened, and every other part of him tightened in misery.
“Did you want to?”
“Tony wanted to say hi,” Rhodey explains.
“Nope,” and barged in.
Tony sputtered and put his hands to his temples.
“He’s very possessive,” Tony remarked.
Clint had long resigned to the fact that he was destined to be a mistake long ago in the circus. When he met another mistake, Natasha Romanoff, he just couldn’t kill her. The fear that was in her shaking hand while he stood over her was the one human flaw he needed. He dropped his bow, held out his hand to her, and she took it. She then immediately flipped him over and stomped on his back.
