. This was happening. Peter was leaving. He had no idea what to pack. He had things but they were all provided by Tony, they weren't really his. Peter didn't own anything, not even himself. Bucky seemed to sense that Peter was losing himself in his thoughts because he took a step closer, not enough to threaten but enough for Peter to notice, and said in his gentle voice:"It's gonna be okay."
"Touché.", he said instead.
"If their parents own the motel, they do."
Then again, maybe all that tension had completely exhausted him. Now he was sleeping, his head resting against the window, snorring quietly. Wade had never seen him look so peaceful.
Wade looked around them, assessing the situation. Just a dozen guards stood between them and that hallway.
It was like someone flipped a switch and suddenly a big chunk of the tension left the boy's body, his shoulders sagged even more, he rested his forehead on his knees, a relieved sigh escaped him.
"Why didn't you tell me?", Peter asked and again, there was nothing accusing about his tone.
Bucky mostly stuck to the plan of taking Peter to beautiful spots in nature. He was basically dragged across half the US from one national park to another. Peter didn't mind it, though. He didn't want to be in cities, didn't want people around him. He didn't want to stay in any place too long.
"Steve- Stevie, take a breath for me please. What's happening, is everything okay?", he asked, trying to keep his calm. He heard Steve take a few wheezing breaths, almost like when he still used to have asthma and then Steve told him about Tony's son. A boy that disappeared 10 years ago, a boy that was raised by HYDRA until he was saved. A boy that freaked out and took off in a Quinjet that he crashed right outside New York. A boy named Peter.
"I never thought we could ever be people.", Gwen admitted. Peter knew what she ment. They had never been treated as people, not much more than objects. This world of choices they were presented with now was almost too much to handle.
"And here I thought that you only made friends in secret HYDRA facilities. "
Without answering the question he looked over at agent Lorenz. She seemed to take that as her cue to say her goodbyes. "Take care of yourself, Peter.",she said, a smile on her lips. Peter didn't return the sentiment. Instead he turned around and headed for the door. He didn't run, no, he just walked out and unsure what else to do, the others followed him. Tony led them to their car and Peter got in without making a fuss. It was weird. He didn't behave in the usual submissive way he sometimes exhibited when he thought that he had to follow orders. He was much more present than that. But his silence and lack of reaction was downright disturbing. In the car he didn't flinch when Wade sat down next to him, their legs pressing against each other. He didn't even aknowledge him, looking out the window instead.
"If you say so.", Bucky chuckled and drove on.
"Let me in there.", Peter demanded already stepping up to the door next to the window. The guard that was posted next to it didn't attempt to hold him back, apparently not believing that Peter could force his way in.
Suddenly there was a knock and Peter couldn't restrain himself from flinching. But once he looked towards the source of the knock his panic soothed. It was just Bucky, knocking against the windshield. "I'm out here.", he announced, he was sitting on the hood of the car.
Suddenly he heard a knock on the door and his Spidey-Sense went off. And then... nothing. His mind shut off and he lost time.
If felt like they sat there for half an eternity or just a few seconds, Wade didn't keep track but eventually Peter's breathing evened out a little and his still unfocused eyes moved to Wade's face. Then, finally:"Wade?" His voice was paper thin and just as fragile, laced with confusion.
He sat up and faced Tony, leaning in the doorway, safe distance, as always. It was a relief and made Peter sick at the same time. Try to make sense of that. "Yeah, what's up?", he asked, as casually as possible.
"Are you okay, are you-", she then asked and Peter didn't even let her finish.
"Doing what?" Tony genuinely didn't know what Steve ment.
Wade's heart skipped a beat at that. He didn't want to assume the worst but he wasn't really an optimist so he immediately  got up and opened his window so that he could climb out of it and onto the rooftop.
"I don't know.", the boy shrugged. "Everything, kinda. But right now it's the hair. Thanks for that. And for listening to me."
Wade wanted to scream but the only thing that came out was a whimper. If Peter was dead, that was it. He'd be like Vanessa, out of Wade's reach. He'd never see him again. "Please...stop.", he whimpered.
Peter's mind was racing in circles, trying to process his horror. He couldn't accept this as fact even if it was staring right in his face. Gwen wasn't like this, she didn't break, she was stronger than him. But he couldn't deny it anymore. Wade was right, oh god, Wade was right. "Why-?", Peter gasped.
It was always one of two extremes with him. Empty expressions, glassy eyes and a distant mind or violent flinches, weary glances and shaking hands.
They didn't talk a lot about the time that they were separated, when Tony couldn't yet forgive Bucky for the death of his parents and Steve couldn't leave Bucky to himself. They both forgave each other, no tough feelings. But it was still a sore topic connected to a load of guilt. At least for Tony. Judging by the silence that followed after his question, Steve felt similarly. It took a while for him to reply.
"Yeah. ", Tony admitted with a sigh.
"Yeah...He definitely is. Same goes for MJ. Peter doesn't take to a lot of people.", Bucky nodded and he could see Peter roll his eyes. He was definitely listening.
His eyes shot towards his bandaged wrists for a second before he quickly shook his head. It didn't help him before, it wouldn't help him now.
Peter needed a second to get the joke but when he did he started to chuckle. "No! Is not like that,  it's- It's like the webs of a spider, just stronger.", he explained.
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ
"I'm sorry, Peter. I just can't. ", he finally sighed and to his relief and dread Peter nodded.
Wade couldn't sleep for long, he nodded off for a couple of hours but it was a restless sleep. He eventually gave up and just laid there staring at the ceiling. That is until he heard a quiet knock against his door. Wade got up to check who it was and was surprised to find Peter leaning in his doorway, still completely dressed and smelling of cigarette smoke and coffee.
Peter didn't say that he would, instead he just said :"Thank you." Before turning his head to the window, the sun outside reflecting in his eyes. "I want-", Peter started but his voice broke off.
"I already did!", He exclaimed, pointing at the hideous Hawaii shirt he was wearing on top of his suit.
"That's new.", Wade commented at the same time as Tony asked:"You smoke?"
"The date itself was pretty good, yeah. But I'm just not into her that way, we're better off as friends. ", he shrugged and Wade relaxed a fraction. God, he was pathetic.
"Details. Small, insignificant details."
"Wow, I was pulling some heteronormative bullshit, sorry.", she smirked and all of a sudden all their awkward tension was gone and dealt with. They were just back to being friends. "Tell me about him.", she said, leaning back in her seat.
Wade was crying, he didn't notice until Peter reached up and wiped one of his tears away with his bloody thumb.
"What- No! Why would I be mad?", he then asked.
Eventually she calmed down enough that Peter could sit her down on the toilet seat and help her dress. Tony had brought some underwear, a pair of sweats, a soft sweater and fuzzy socks. Peter knew that Gwen preferred being barefoot, like him, so he put the socks aside. The rest of the clothes were too big, as Tony had assumed, but at least she didn't look like a prisoner anymore. Even once she was fully dressed, Gwen didn't seem ready to move, so Peter just picked up a hairbrush and started to carefully brush her hair and untangle it.
"I am, though. The collar is not coming off, not in time.", Peter stated, it was matter of fact, like he knew what would happen, like he had made his peace with it.
"Peter, are you oka-", his eyes fell on Peter's cowering form. It didn't matter that Wade had been nothing but nice to him, or that just a few hours ago he had revealed his own insecurities about his appearance to Peter.
He came home from a buisness trip, one that he didn't take Peter on. He was gone for one day.
It's a long one! Took forever, I hope you enjoy it and leave a comment with your thoughts!
Tony raised his eyebrows at the blunt statement. "That's not what I asked.", Tony replied, trying to maintain a calm demeanor. "And for the record, that's not what I thought either. "
". It was a lot of songs from an artist named Hozier.
Natasha glared at Tony then at Steve but from the looks of it neither of them where willing to level with her this time around.
"One friend. Singular. And it doesn't matter now, anyways. She's dead.", he clarified and Wade's grin faded.
"Yeah, you won't be making any problems, in fact, you will never come here again and if you do I'll be waiting and I won't be as nice then. ", Peter explained calmly. The man looked up at him with scared eyes, nodding slightly. "Now get up, nice and slow,", Peter ordered taking a step back but still aiming for the head as the man got to his feet. " -and fuck off. ", he then added and the stranger scrambled towards the door as quickly as possible. As soon as he was gone Peter put the safety on the gun and dropped it to the floor.
What he wasn't expecting though was to find the door wide open and Tony and Wade slumped on the floor, slowly straightening up, rubbing their heads.
His words were so gentle, so soothing that for a second Peter forgot the raging storm inside his mind but only for a second. "I'm really fucking scared of hurting you, though. Not just like last time. That was nothing. You read the file by now, you know what I can do... what I did."
"I know. It's not a joke. We did the test. It's him. It's him. He's alive.", Steve was breathless, his mouth felt like cotton. He couldn't imagine what went down in Tony's mind. Slowly, the realization sunk in, soon his eyes started to glisten, his lips started to tremble.
"Gwen?", Wade asked as they continued to make their way through the store.
"Peter... You don't have to manage my feelings. I'm here to take care of you. Not the other way around. If something bad happens you can tell me. I won't be disappointed. Besides, the bad things don't cancel out the good.", Bucky said in his typical gentle and understanding way. Peter felt undeserving of all of this.
"You're not as cheater. You're a good person stuck in a shit situation.", Domino said and Wade almost laughed at the idea of him being a good person.
"Or you could go home, let people who love you take care of you.", he suggested and Peter shook his head wildly.
So he just curled up in the center of the bed, pressing his eyes shut and letting the pain pour out of him while he wished for her gentle voice in his ear.
"Of course, whatever you want.",Tony nodded and Peter pulled a face before taking a moment to choose his words.
The text in combination with the photo was so fucking surreal that Wade had to check twice to make sure that he wasn't hallucinating.
Okay, so I don't know when the next chapter is coming.   I might take some time to write the next two chapters to have them ready and then decide how I split them or maybe it'll be one giant mega chapter. What I'm trying to say is that I might take a couple of days. I think that there are probably 3-4 chapters left. Are you excited? Tell me your thoughts on this chapter or anything in general, your comments have been stellar and they keep me going!
"The Sokovia Accords. ", Bucky realized and Tony nodded miserably. The Accords were the only thing besides Bucky that Tony and Steve ever disagreed on. In the end Steve gave in and agreed to them while Tony gave in and agreed to not shoot Bucky on sight. A compromise. One that came back to bite them in the ass now.
Breakfast was a quiet and awkward affair and Tony always waited until he was absolutely sure that Peter wouldn't eat anything more unless they literally shoved it down his throat.
"Stop looking at me like this. It's not personal.", Gwen said, looking straight ahead. And there was the difference. A mindless HYDRA drone wouldn't have said that, at least not the kind that Peter used to be. He wouldn't have cared that she stared. He wouldn't have asked her to stop.
and plopped down on the ground and Peter only now noticed the big bundle his father was carrying. A blanket, by the looks of it. "Are you cold? It's getting fresh out here.", Tony offered him the blanket. Peter glanced down at his arms and noticed that they were covered in goosebumps, so he agreed. Once Peter had wrapped himself in the blanket, Tony was the first one to speak. He started with a heavy sigh, his head lowered, then:"I'm sorry, Peter. She shouldn't have been there."
"I- I though I had killed you, they said I killed you, I remember-", Peter didn't make it far in his explanation, before more sobs tore through his words.
I promise that things get better after this, please tell me your thoughts in the comments.
I hope you enjoyed this! Leave a comment with your thoughts and guesses as to what the ending is gonna be! I'd love to hear your theories!!!
Bucky let out a sigh he didn't know how was holding bank. Then he went to grab the empty bowl and carried it back to the kitchen. After he put it in the sink he braced himself on it for a moment.
"4 or 5 hours, depending on traffic"
"You got your ID?", Bucky asked and Peter tapped the pocket of his jacket where he had stashed his wallet. Bucky got him both of those. He bought the wallet in Texas so that Peter had something to stash his ID in and the Jacket in Oregon when Peter had been cold. The jacket was made of navy blue denim with a white wool lining. It was a bit big on Peter but he loved it none the less, barely taking it off anymore.
"No- I-" Peter lost time. Again.
"One friend. And she wasn't one of them. ", he clarified, a dangerous edge in his voice.
"Yeah, why shouldn't I be?", He asked, making an effort to sound nonchalant. He got up and started to change out of his pyjamas but he could still feel MJ's eyes on him.
"Whatever.", Peter shrugged, taking another drag. The burn was still there but it got easier and Peter didn't mind the buzz. It wasn't the numbness of whatever SHIELD gave him. He was still himself, just slightly better. The taste was still horrid, though.
"Nah I'm good, thanks for the concern, though. ", he replied before continuing to eat. The waiter nodded and hurried away. Peter didn't divert his eyes from his food but he could feel Deadpool staring at him.
Anyways, I hope you enjoy this chapter as well and leave a comment!
"I believe that. You gotta make him believe that.", with that he turned back around and stepped into Peter's room, closing the door behind him. Tony stared at the shut door in front of him. He hadn't felt this helpless in a long time.
"You'll forgive me for not trusting her idea of help.", he then remarked before the entrance to the main building opened and Natasha Romanoff stepped out.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. I'll- I'll leave now...", Peter mumbled, turning away hesitantly.
"I don't care what you said, if you don't bring him back I'll-" He didn't even get to finish his sentence. Death was already laughing at him, it was cold and cruel.
Peter didn't look away, didn't retreat, didn't divert his eyes. "I need to be gone.", he said, his tone determined and sure. Bucky didn't know what to reply at first. It wasn't that he was surprised by the request, it's more like he hadn't expected Peter to actually ask for it and now Bucky didn't know what to reply. "At least for a while. Don't get me wrong... I don't want to blame you all for what happened, I really don't. I know you didn't want this. But-", Peter went on before his voice suddenly broke off. He looked down at his bare feet, like he was ashamed.
"When... when do you think I can go here again?", he asked carefully. Again, he didn't look at Tony, waiting for his reply instead. Bracing himself for it, for Tony to laugh at him and call him pathetic.
"I don't know- I don't feel so good-", he groaned, holding onto the armrest of the couch like it was the only thing keeping him from spinning out of control.
"Depends on what it is."
Bucky said his goodbyes and promised once more to keep the others posted about Peter. Then he joined him in the car and started the engine. Peter didn't say anything, didn't even look at him, leaning his head against his window instead, watching the people he was leaving behind.
He was reading, which he'd been doing often, whatever book Bucky left in the room last. Or he was pretending to read. Bucky could tell the difference. It was all too perfect when he pretended. The time between each page turn was always the same. Kid's attention remained on Bucky.
"Did you feel like this? After your withdrawal?", Steve asked quietly. Bucky preferred not to think back to that time, he did anyways, for Peter's sake. SHIELD had still kept him in their custody during his withdrawal, so Steve didn't witness him during that time. They kept him from hurting himself too much but Bucky was convinced, that if he had gotten the chance, he would've tried the same.
"11 years ago your mom suddenly died...and you went out to find your father. You found us, a family of three, we weren't well off or anything and our dad had not changed much. He was a deadbeat. Mom worked all the time, he wasn't around much. You came around every once in a while, on holidays and stuff. Then our dad pissed off again. Mom was pretty heartbroken and depressed, she became pretty useless. I was sort of helpless, you came in and took care of me and since then we've been brothers." Peter spun this tale of their fake lives, his voice detached, like he was reading from a history book. He didn't seem bothered by the depressing image he was painting but Bucky couldn't get past it, couldn't help but to stare. "What?", Peter asked after a moment of silence, looking over at Bucky.
"I went on a date recently.", he said and this time Wade's heart skipped a beat in a bad way.
"What do you mean?", Wade asked and Peter's eyes refocused on him. He looked defeated, more so than a few seconds ago.
"Hey! I'm not killing myself, if that's why you're panicking!", He yelled over to Wade, giving him a small wave. Okay, he seemed normal. False alarm.
Tony Stark was well accustomed with loss. He might even call it an old friend. First his parents, Jarvis, Obi. None was quite as harrowing as losing Peter. His golden boy, the first family Tony had since his parents' death.
"Still, I should've done something.", Wade mumbled. This time he was the one to look away first.
"Where's the difference?", he asked, hoping that that was an acceptable question to ask. Judging by the baffled expression MJ gave him, it wasn't
"Oh shut it, I ain't got anything to do with it. He wouldn't even talk to me at first.", he waved him off but Tony wouldn't let this go easily.
Tony's eyes wandered around the room for a second, glistening, before they refocused on Wade. "He- he was distant, more so than before, ever since we left but we thought that he needed space, to get used to us but-", his voice broke off and he swallowed, lowering his gaze before squaring up his shoulders and continuing, like he braced himself for something. "He dropped a plate, it shattered, no big deal but-"
"Only for like five minutes. I almost had a panic attack and then I got out. I didn't, though, so I guess that's a plus. ", Peter shrugged again before making his way to his suitcase to get himself some dry clothes to switch into. He picked up another pair of sweats and a shirt before turning to go to the bathroom. But then he noticed that Bucky was still looking at him and he was smiling. "What are you smiling at?", he asked him. Bucky gave him another amused look before shrugging.
"You'll what? Kill me? You can't threaten me, Wade. I'm Death."
That didn't stop Wades imagination from going wild. Memories of the HYDRA base he found Peter in popped up and mixed with his own time in the weapon x  program. He saw Peter strapped to a tabled, a muzzle in his mouth and panic in his eyes. He saw him in the infamous chair, the halo, that was used to brainwash him and Bucky. Wade couldn't hear White or Yellow. Red whispered in his ear.
Peter tried to smile but it came out pained when he replied:"Doesn't matter now."
So he stood in front of the door for a few seconds longer, waiting for Wade to knock against it, demanding that Peter left it open.
"I'm many things but I'm not naive. Why? Because I want to give my son some space? Treat him with some decency? How does that make me naive?!", he snapped, all worked up instantly.
"Gwen...", he gasped, his head was pounding, he barely get to his hands an knees before Gwen placed a brutal kick to his side which made him collapse all over again. Something cracked, probably his ribs.
Maybe Gwen could tell that Peter was freaking out but her consolation didn't really help: "Hey, it's okay, I nearly killed you. I'm not gonna judge you for being a bit skittish around me."
"For the thousandth time, super hearing, you can't whisper in this house.", he said and Wade hoped that he wasn't imagining the slight hint of exasperation in his tone. It would be something.
Tony Stark had two of his fingers pressed to his lips, his eyes narrowed at the door, lost in thought. "He's lashing out to get a rise out of you.", Wade said, talking to him directly now.
"Which is?", Peter asked curiously.
"Yeah...", Peter sighed, running his hands through his hair and pulling a little at it. He barely felt it. Things weren't supposed to be weird between Gwen and him, they never had been.
He could do this. He could behave. He could do whatever Tony wanted and get better. He could be good.
Or maybe he wouldn't be angry, but he wouldn't trust Peter to be away from him. Peter had to stay here, where he could be closely watched and controlled.
It would've been pretty impressive that he could do his whole wall crawling thing while not really conscious, if it wasn't for the fact that he was still screaming. Gut wrenching screams, animalistic.
"And what about it?", he asked which actually got Peter to smile.
"Really?", Wade asked, surprised by the level of initiative.
"If you say so...", Peter smirked, looking down at his hands, he had long slim fingers, elegant but also jarring when you looked at how thin his wrists were in comparison. "I really don't mind, seeing your face, I mean. The mask kinda puts me on edge. Of course it's your choice if you want to keep it on. Just thought that you should know that. ", he then said, looking up at Wade again and for once the boxes were silent.
. As if that word could remotely describe the feeling he felt when he stood at the bottom of the canyon for the first time.
She was tall, almost as tall as Peter and somehow managed to be even thinner. Her skin was dark and her long curls were pulled back into a ponytail but several curls had escaped and were now framing her face.
"Excuse me if I'm being selfish but if there's a chance to meet you, I'll take it. ", Wade finally replied, forcing a grin. To his delight Peter smiled back at him before quickly becoming serious again.
Wade half expected him to flinch when he grabbed a hold of his hand but instead Peter just squeezed it and pulled Wade along. And that's how they left the SHIELD facility. Tony, Steve and Bucky walking ahead, Peter behind them, one arm laid around Gwen on one side and holding hands with Wade on the other.
Peter looked better than last night, Steve noticed it right away. He was still sickly looking, incredibly thin and had that unsettling look in his eyes but at least he didn't look like he was about to die any second and the way he was leaning against the door frame with crossed arms indicated way less tension.
"That's a bullshit excuse especially since Steve asked you how you were.", Wade argued. Peter didn't pull a face and didn't indicate that he cared much for what Wade said.
After a few more seconds he sat down in one of the armchairs and shortly after, sleep claimed him as well.
"Of course, whatever you need, baby boy...",Wade smiled and Peter let out a content sigh.
"Same old. Same old. I'm not allowed to say anything else because he can probably hear us, in fact, they both can. ", Tony pointed out with a smirk.
But now he'd see her again and all of a sudden it seemed too much too soon but Peter couldn't say that, not when he had waited for this moment for so long. "When- when are we going?", He asked, his mouth had gone dry.
Wade was the first one that dared to speak. "Peter.", he only whispered. No reaction. Peter made no indication that he heard them, or that he was even remotely aware of what was happening around him.
Sometimes Bucky would speak to Kid, Kid would reply by nodding or shaking his head, if he felt like it. Sometimes he just pulled faces, sometimes it felt like he wasn't really there.
"Peter? What are you doing here?", Tony asked, careful to keep his voice calm.
Peter didn't even register that he didn't recognize the person in front of him, didn't even register the weird red and black suit or the mask with the eerie white eyes. His fight or flight instinct just set in and he ripped his arms and legs out of the restraints of the chamber and grabbed the stranger, hurling him against a wall before jumping to the ceiling.
Eventually his curiosity seemed to win like it often did, a quality that was almost a miracle in Wade's mind. Curiousity in face of fear rarely survived for long.
His gut automatically cramped at Wade's request but he didn't admit that. "Can I refuse to answer if I don't want to?", he asked carefully, instead.
Tony's eyebrows drew together in confusion before his eyes widened slightly. "No! No, no, no... that's not what I ment! I'd never send you away, never. I just... I feel inadequate. I don't know how to convince you that we won't harm you. I don't know how to make you believe that you're safe. I- I haven't been a father in such a long time that I have no idea what to do and I'm scared to make a mistake but none of that's on you. And none of that means that I'd kick you out."
That's what the text said and it was a picture of Peter wearing the clothes Wade had gotten him and Peter was smiling, actually smiling.
"Get you some food that you can actually keep down, sorry, no waffles anytime soon.", Wade replied and Peter smirked.
"We shouldn't crowd him when he wakes up, it could be overwhelming.", Tony once said to Wade and Steve. They were in another room and didn't expect Peter to hear. Peter could hear almost everything that went on in this house.
"What did you do?", MJ asked, frowning at him.
"Don't  lie to yourself.", Death hissed and then her lips were on his, Peter's lips, but it was nothing that Wade ever wanted, not like this.
After returning to the Tower they scattered pretty quickly. Tony was dead on his feet, after the days he spend running on alcohol or adrenaline. Peter and Wade shared a room and Bucky went off to somewhere by himself. Steve didn't mind the alone-time. This wasn't half as bad for him as it was for Tony but he too, appreciated the breather.
"Stop making that face.", he told MJ after he couldn't bare her staring anymore.  Sometimes he felt like he was made of glass an no matter how hard he tried to keep it together, everyone could see the cracks, everyone could look straight through him and see the shattered mess he was inside. With MJ he felt like she could always see him which was both a relief and a threat. He couldn't hide from her the way he used to be unable to hide from Gwen.
Then his father laughed. Or rather, he smirked, evolving into a chuckle that may or may not have sounded a bit hysterical and even Peter's over imaginative mind didn't know what to make of this.
"Without them you're a fucking sociopath.", Wade argued.
In fact he didn't say anything, instead he just laid down on the couch and opened his mouth wide when instructed, his eyes staring at the ceiling. Bruce got to work while Wade thought '
"Why call me, though?", Wade asked, pushing away the voices.
Peter stopped shaking before carefully lowering his arms. "You're not mad?", he asked, so terribly unsure of himself, his eyes bloodshot.
Tony had also listened to Deadpool and hadn't read the file. It was tempting in a way but at the same time Tony wasn't sure if he could handle reading whatever was written in that thing. He tried to tell himself that he was only waiting because he wanted Peter's consent. The truth was, he was scared. Terrified that reading it would make it real. He was a coward.
"Yeah, I'll try- in case I don't, though, I need you to tell him some stuff. ",Peter whispered, his eyes lost focus, his arm fell back to his side.
"I'm in the area.", Wade replied instead.
Hello there, I wanted to warn you that there is discussion of self harm and suicide in this but it's only mentioned and not at all graphic.
He only saw Peter in full light for a second before he literally hissed and scrambled back into the shadows like Count Dracula himself. There he curled up on the floor in one corner and now Wade could see where the blood came from. He noticed Peter's fingertips first, all tinged with red but his forearms were the truly gory sight. Pale skin, completely ripped to shreds by scratch marks. Suddenly he remembered the red streaks on the boy's arms the last time they saw each other and bile rose to his throat.
"I'd rather have the real you anyways. ", Peter shrugged and Wade's head snapped around.
Finally one last door was pushed open and Peter's blood froze in his veins, his mind went blank and replaced every single rational thought or emotion with absolute terror.
"Of course it makes a difference. But you'll get it in time.", Wade commented and Peter shrugged slightly.
He glanced at Bucky, who he loved or hated but definitely didn't trust. Not the way he had before. Bucky had gotten him out, it was still surreal. The gratitude almost overwrote the betrayal Peter felt. It was a good starting point, though, trying to forgive one person instead of 4. It didn't feel as daunting. Maybe he could do this, rebuild each relationship one brick at a time until things made more sense. Peter hoped that that was even possible.
"Where do you wanna go now? Any wishes?", Bucky asked into the silence of the car. Peter's head was still leaning against the window, staring out like he could still see the others in the driveway even though by now they were miles away. Peter didn't answer for a while and from where Bucky sat he couldn't tell if Peter was thinking, ignoring him or if he just got lost in his head. Bucky just hoped that it wasn't the latter.
"Yeah, I'll join you in a minute. ", Peter called after him before returning his attention to MJ.
There it was again, that voice. Keipon was always in Peter's ear, in his dreams, burned into his mind for eternity. He'd still be there even when everything else faded from Peter's mind and Peter hated himself for it. Fir his pathetic weakness.
"Her name is MJ, she's the foster-daughter of the owner of the last motel we stayed at and... She's amazing. I don't know, she sort of makes me feel less weird. I even went on a date with her."
After their date Peter and MJ were closer than ever, spending as much time together as possible. One evening they were planning on going to the beach at night with Bucky. Peter and Bucky had spend their day in a nearby town, shopping new clothes because Peter felt like it. They had planned to only stop by by the motel to pick MJ up and drive to the beach right afterwards, but when they arrived MJ hadn't come out yet. They waited in the car for 5 minutes and Peter called MJ to tell her that they were there but his call was declined. "She's not answering my call. I'll check out, if she's there.", Peter stated after a second try.
"It's called a promise for a reason.", Wade commented. Peter glanced over at him and for a second Wade thought he'd protest. He didn't though, Peter just stared at him. "Unless you want me to leave...", Wade said slowly and Peter diverted his eyes.
He looked to his right and saw who was driving the car. His eyes were recognizable, Peter would recognise Wade's eyes anywhere, but the rest of him wasn't. He was flawless, with smooth skin and soft dark blond hair. This must've been what Wade looked like before his mutation. Handsome, perfect, to Peter he just looked wrong. This wasn't Wade, at least not the Wade that Peter knew.
"Isn't it obvious? She could've killed you!", Tony pointed out. As if Peter didn't know that.  As if he hadn't felt his own life slip away from him. Thing was, he didn't really care.
"You'd do that?", he asked and his tone was so heartbreakingly hopeful that Bucky had no other choice but to agree.
Once the movie ended MJ lifted her head off his shoulder and they both sat in silence as the credits rolled.
Peter didn't say anything after that, for a while it was just silence but it wasn't necessarily uncomfortable. Then Peter looked up again, his eyes meeting Steve and all of a sudden they didn't seem all that unsettling anymore, it's like Peter opened a door that was locked before. "I don't think I have ever thanked you.", he said and Steve raised his eyebrows.
"No, Peter-", Gwen immediately protested, turning towards Peter to reach for his face. Then Peter did something that he couldn't even explain to himself.
"Then let me explain to you that real love is unconditional. You love someone even when it's not easy, even when it's pretty fucking hard. Loving someone is real annoying most of the time anyways but most people still do it.", Wade tried to explain but Peter didn't seem convinced. "Look, you don't have to be all lovey-dovey with him but maybe, just maybe, try not to push him away unnecessarily. Try to enjoy it.", Wade then added and he could tell that Peter was swaying a little but not completely yet.
Peter let Bucky do his whole thing and instead paced around the lobby, his hands burried in the pockets of his jacket, one clenched around his wallet, the other around his phone.
Tony let out a little huff before crossing his arms. "I know. I'm like this, too."
"Peter, you can't.", Natasha replied and the look on her face was almost sympathetic. Peter didn't care for her sympathy, though.
They were different, the three of them. As different as they came. Tony, his own boss, did whatever he wanted, took orders from none and got whatever information he needed. He didn't care for secrets.
"And then I healed! It's part of my mutation, you see! I can't die! Or I can but I always come back.", Wade insisted and Peter slowly, very slowly, started to calm down.
It didn't surprise Bucky, that Peter would think that. It was still upsetting. "No, of course not. Why would you think that?"
"How can you be sure of that?", Wade asked, glancing over at Bucky. Bucky gave him a look and shrugged before taking another drag of his cigarette.
It was perfect, whatever Peter was willing to give was perfect and for one moment it was quiet in Wade's head. It were only Peter and him. "I miss the first day sometimes, as crazy as that sounds.", Peter breathed into Wade's ear. "I didn't have anything to lose then, I had less fear."
Wade let out a heavy groan before slowly turning onto his back until he came face to face with the woman. "Am I a cheater, Dom?", He asked sounding just as miserable as he felt.
Steve gladly accepted this job, but who had the audacity to show up at 11 PM? Tony was still working on new repulsors for his suit and would probably stay in his workshop for another few hours. Steve got off the couch and took the elevator downstairs.
"You said you still text with your lover-boy?", MJ suddenly asked and Peter was very glad about the change of topic.
"Why would she do that?", Tony asked him and Peter opened his mouth to reply something but instead he froze. He seemed to look for a reply but couldn't find one. In the end he just seemed confused.
"Peter, you still with me?", Wade asked, his tone slightly alarmed. Maybe because Peter hadn't said anything in a while.
"So?", he asked and the look that Tony gave him looked so incredibly wounded that Peter almost regretted it.
"Tony...?", Steve repeated and this time his voice broke. It was enough to alert Tony. The other man quickly looked around, worried eyes meeting Steve's. Peter really did look like him, now that Steve didn't try to deny it anymore.
"You're lying. ", he whispered.
"James doesn't really trust me to be by myself. I sort of...lost that privilege.", he admitted.
"Yeah, I'm just goofin' you. I know the rules.", Wade sighed. "I have to leave anyways, got some business to attend to.", he then added. Peter was in danger. Wade took out the imminent threats but the boy wasn't safe on his own.
"Yeah, I'm good, I'm fine.", He said too quickly and he knew that she noticed it, too but decided to not press Peter about it. Not immediately at least.
"Yeah, and maybe he did mean that but lately... He moved out, he's distancing himself from me, I feel like maybe he woke up one day and realized that I'm a gigantic wreck that isn't capable of leading a normal relationship but now he's too polite to break it off.", Peter admitted.
"Sorry, but that sounds like a load of bullshit.", Peter replied which startled Tony into another laugh.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare-", she started to apologize but Peter couldn't take it. He wasn't scared!
"I don't really expect to live that long.", Peter shrugged before realizing how crazy he probably just made himself sound. Not half as mental as he actually was but that didn't mean that he wanted people to know about that. "Shit. Sorry. That was a fucked up thing to say.", he sighed, covering his face with his free hand.
"And being myself has worked out so amazingly for me in the past.", Peter said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
"Yeah, but only because you're sick. You'll get better in time and judging by the looks of your dad, you'll be pretty hot, too. Tony Stark is a total DILF", Wade explained and to his delight Peter smirked at that.
"Yes. I'm afraid hope and fear go hand in hand.", Peter then said and a smile pulled at Wade's lips.
But as Wade continued to look through the file, further and further back in this Peter's history, one that was filled with torture and experiments, he got more and more convinced that he just found Iron Man's son. The last picture took the cake. It was a small boy, 9 or 10 years old, teary eyes, looking as miserable as Wade felt on his worst days. He knew that face, that face had been all over the news for weeks. It was Peter Stark.
"Not funny!", she snapped, looking furious now. "I thought that you'd die! I thought-", her voice broke off and she had to take few shaky breaths, her eyes frantically looking around as she tried to collect herself.  "What are you?", she finally asked, sounding tired and confused.
"Anyways,  what was I saying? Ah, yes, we're going to stay at a motel tonight, I think you could use a full night's rest and we'll continue
"What- What do you mean?", he asked, his mouth dry, his voice faint.
, he said.
That's when his brain started to work again and he took in the situation. They were on the edge of a forest, the car was fucked, flipped on it's back, Wade was fine though, he climbed out of the wreckage like it was no problem and pulled on his mask again, running towards Peter.
Remember when I said that the next chapter would be a Tony/Peter reunion? Yeah, I kinda lied. It's coming, though! So stay tuned!
Peter wanted to believe her, wanted the relief of knowing that Gwen was safe and taken care off. He couldn't save her if she didn't want to be saved and he had to let her do this on her own if she asked that of him. Still, that didn't mean that he trusted Natasha.
"Listen, I know that you're mad at me but I just want to-", her voice came from down the hallway and Peter looked up from what he was doing, his eyes snapping towards the door. In the last hour it had just been Wade, Bucky and him. Bucky was currently reading Peter's file which Peter agreed to, so that Bucky could help him better. In turn, Peter was reading Bucky's diaries which Bucky agreed to because, according to him, it was only fair. Wade tried to read a book and quickly got bored, before pulling out his phone and starting to watch Golden Girls.
"No, it's okay. I mean, it's not, but you don't need to apologize.", MJ shook her head, her eyes were focused on Peter's. She wasn't fleeing, wasn't backing down. "You're pretty messed up.", she then stated but without any trace of pity or disgust or fear. Completely neutral, as if she just pointed out Peter's eyecolor.
Tony almost laughed at that. The obvious answer was a clear 'no'.
"Of course you do, if you say you don't want to we'll think of something else. ", Tony explained patiently. Peter just raised his eyebrows. He didn't seem upset, just surprised, maybe even pleasantly.
"No, I told you, I'm bringing you to your daddy.", Deadpool shrugged and Peter pulled a face before leaning his head back until he could see the night sky again.
"No.", Peter stated. Because he couldn't believe that, he couldn't even entertain the thought for a fucking second, because he wanted it to be true so badly, and if he let himself hope the inevitable disappointment might kill him.
After that Wade would probably try for a nap as well. Wade could feel exhaustion kicking in but it wasn't completely awful. It was just a  long, long day but he tried to be optimistic about it. After all Peter didn't want him gone, he got him to take a bath and sleep in his bed and his wounds would be all gone in a few hours. Sure, Peter mistook Wade for his dead friend for a second but that wasn't the worst association to have.
Death sat down in an armchair and watched Wade undress with lustfull eyes. Peter never looked at Wade like this. Like he was a thing, a toy, like he was the predator and Wade was the prey. Thank god for that. Wade hated being looked at like that.
"Yeah sure, you're a shit liar, Pete!" Peter flinched slightly, his expression darkening.
Tony wouldn't pretend that he was thrilled, hearing his son talk about himself like a weapon, not a person. It was gut-wrenching, but he knew how much Peter struggled to ask for anything. And Tony would do everything to keep his son around so he agreed. "Yes, we can do that,
"You were dead! You had a bullet in your brain!", Peter exclaimed, almost hysterically.
"Nothing.", he said and got closer, too close. Everything hurt. But Wade touched his shoulder and he was almost there. He wrapped his arms around Wade's neck, careful not to break it, and pulled him close.
"Ripped apart, no no, drown me out, can't show, pull me down, so low, still won't break, bend though.", it was non sensical, Peter knew that, but he had heard Gwen sing the words so often, they were scorched into his mind. Now they spilled out of his mouth on repeat as his heart became a panicked bird once more.
"Aren't you a bit young for that?", Peter asked. He didn't know how old Wade was but he seemed younger than 30. Maybe he was in his early 20s.
"If you don't like what I'm saying, put a muzzle on me.", he spat as he pushed his chair back and got up. "Wouldn't be the first time...", he mumbled under his breath as he made his way to the door. "I'll be in the room until you need me!", he yelled before slamming the door behind him.
He waited for two days. The kid was completely knocked out. Bucky checked on him regularly but there wasn't much else to do.
Wade took a deep breath before setting his eyes on Peter again, like he was preparing himself for something.
Wade took a hold of the glass and downed it before pulling a face. He hadn't had a drink in months, the Stark's were a sober household, no booze. Wade couldn't say that he missed it. "I was hanging out with the Avengers...fell in love...the usual.", he shrugged before dropping his head onto the bar top.
"Why?", he asked and Gwen looked at him as if the answer to that question was obvious.
"So we can be out of here as soon as you're ready.", Tony finished. They wanted to take Peter to Malibu, the other side of the country. There they'd be more secluded, harder to find, and they wouldn't need to worry about any strangers bursting in.
He stared at his feet like they knew the answer before saying:"I'm dangerous." Tony wanted to protest right away but Bucky held up his hand in order to stop him, he was telling him to listen, so Tony did. "I'm dangerous, Natasha was right about that, and you can't afford to ignore that. So I need to be deprogrammed. But I can't go to SHIELD or some other lab, it'll kill me. So I need Bucky. He's been through this, he can help me. I also need him to... stop me, if I get bad again. Okay?"
"I'm sitting.", he replied simply. It was the first thing Wade heard him say in days.
"I hear voices. Two of them. I call them Yellow and White. I try to ignore them but sometimes-", he shrugged, keeping his eyes trained on the road. Peter didn't say anything but Wade could feel his eyes on him.
Tony let out a long heavy sigh, his tired gaze resting in Peter for a moment. Peter hadn't noticed until now but Tony looked fucking exhausted, not just physically but emotionally, too. Peter couldn't help but to feel like he always just made Tony suffer but he also didn't know what to do about that.
"We both have our issues. ", she just said with a shrug.
"Peter-", Gwen started but Peter interrupted her by banging a fist again the glass of the window, with his strength this had to be some crazy strong glass.
"What am I supposed to say? It seemed like a good idea at the time, you know, with all the deaths.", Tony snarled. He was getting agitated and Bucky wasn't the only one to notice. Steve moved over to Tony, placing his hands on his shoulders, trying to ease his tension.
The hands on his body hurt, the leather on his wrists, the collar around his throat. Their voice, talking about his condition, their cold stares. Lorenz smiled and it felt like a curse. She pressed the cold plates of the halo to his face and it felt like damnation.
"Why are you calling?", he asked bluntly.
"So you kill the people I love to get me to visit you?", he asked his tone sharp and Death glanced up, taking a shaky breath.
Peter was unraveling in front of him, more and more ever since they met and Wade couldn't help but to feel like he was the completely wrong person to handle any of that. With his own truckload of issues, how was he supposed to help Peter? He should just bring him to his father as quickly as possible and never think of him again.
"Fuck...", he whispered. "What they do to you?", he asked quietly. There was no answer. One thing was for sure, though. Bucky would take care of him, he'd protect him. No matter what happened next.
The boys eyes were wide open, a wild look of panic and fury in them. "What kind of game are you playing?!", he suddenly hissed before Wade freed his hand out of his grip and pulled the car to the side of the road.
"And Tony's, Wade's and Steve's.", Peter stated and Bucky bit his lip, unsure.
something out. "I have a tracker on me.", he then said, looking up at Wade. "It's the only way I can think of explaining how they found us."
The chapter is short and I'm not super happy about how it turned out but it brought me back into the story so I hope that you enjoy it!
"Why not?!", he snapped.
She just watched him for a moment like she sometimes did, expression unreadable. Then her expression turned sharp, not in a negative way, she looked fierce, determined, and she sounded like it too when she replied:"If he's really as great as you say he'll know how special you are and he'll wait for you to be ready. And if he doesn't... he's just not fucking worth it."
"But, we aren't holding Gwen here against her will. ",She repeated the same thing Tony had said and Peter couldn't believe it, not yet.
"Okay, I'll just wait here.", Bucky nodded. He was busy texting Tony his daily report and didn't pay much attention to the issue.
"Peter-", Wade repeated, keeping his distance, he had a feeling that getting too close would end badly for both of them. "-I won't hurt you. Okay. I'm not mad. "
It wasn't a surprise to him either. He always wanted what he couldn't have. He was dying of cancer and wanted to live. Then he became immortal and now he craved death.
They were back to square one but this time there was the added trouble of years of unfathomable trauma.
"Remind me why we are trusting her.", Peter scoffed before taking a final drag and flicking the cigarette bud away. This was really not the time for Wade to get turned on but
"I understand that, but-", she started, just to be cut off yet again.
, this was a mistake. Then again, Peter didn't want to be wrapped up in bubble wrap anymore. But maybe Steve moved too fast, too harsh.
But how could he if panic was flaring up in his chest?
"Okay, thank you. I just need a headstart.", Peter replied, getting up from the couch like he was going to run off again. It took Bucky a second to realize that that was exactly his plan.
He took a step closer to the woman, than another one, until they were mere inches apart and Peter got right in her face. He was calm, collected, but with a sense of tension and danger about him. "If I find out that any of you even tried to hurt her, I'll make you all regret the day that you destroyed every way to control me. I'll fucking kill you. ", he said, making sure that the message was received and that it was clear that he ment every word of it.
"Do you mean Deapool?", Tony asked. They didn't know his real name. Peter nodded. "He's outside the room. He insisted on staying."
"Can you- I mean, it's selfish, really. You already did so much for me and all I've done is be a huge liability,not to mention that I'm a walking HYDRA magnet, and you crashed your car because of me and-", the rambling was the opposite of silence but just as frustrating and he only stopped once he felt Wade's touch again, this time on the back of his neck. Normally Peter would've flinched away from it but with Wade he leaned into it.
Now he was sitting on an examination table, slumped against Deadpool, still shaking, still gasping for air, his bony arms wrapped around his skinny torso like he was trying to hold himself together.
To hear that he was making progress was a small concolation but Wade clung to it. After their visit to the headquarters they scattered. Steve and Tony went back to Steve's apartment. Bucky and Wade both went their separate ways. Wade didn't care how the other's were spending their days, he focused mostly on drowning out the voices in his head.
"Love you, too. ", Peter said and he didn't know if he wanted Wade to notice how sad he sounded or not.
"Why'd you keep on reading?", he asked and Peter shrugged.
" There is a whole lot wrong with all of us. ", Peter shrugged, not seeming to understand where Wade was going with this. Or maybe he just didn't want to see it.
"Where is Gwen?", Peter asked, forcing himself to calm down. He could feel Tony's presence behind him, backing him up.
Peter already assumed he'd never reply anything to that when Tony took a deep breath. "I won't lie to you, kid. I don't know what you need either. I'm seriously overwhelmed with all of this, which isn't your fault, not at all. But we'll figure it out, I promise.", he said and there was a nervousness to his voice that finally made Peter look at him again.
"Okay... I'm okay.", he mumbled. "Anything else?"
"I'm literally the only person that can identify her and also show her that she didn't just get herself captured by a bunch of monsters again. Why would you tell me she's here, if I can't even see her?!"
"How come? Have you found a will to live? If yes could you lend it to me sometime?", Wade asked, amusement in his tone.
After their lunch, (Peter ate all the waffles in record time) they went back to the car. "Where are we going or is this an aimless journey? ", Peter asked as Bucky drove onto the highway again.
"Yeah, it's 3 am.", Bucky nodded casually before unpacking another sandwich for himself.
"I'm not concerned with the long run. I'm more worried about the
It was a bloodbath. At some point Wade completely lost sigh of the others, all he saw was black and red, all he could hear were screams and the rush of his own blood in his ears.
Peter still only stared at him, confusion painted on his face. His eyes were distant as he was contemplating Tony's words. Then, very slowly, he shifted in his seat leaning forward a bit, his focus back on his father. "So... if I... let's say I don't like...maybe I don't like it when...fuck..."
"Peter?"
"Yeah, I thought you'd like it.", Bucky replied with a satisfied smile. He let Peter take in the view for as long as he wanted. He just stood there turning round and round, committing it all to memory. When he was done he turned back to Bucky and a smile tugged at Peter's lips. A real genuine one. It felt foreign and rusted, like he had somehow unlearned how to properly smile. But it wasn't forced, and he didn't force it down either. Peter just let it happen and Bucky cracked a smile as well.
"Sorry, didn't mean it like that.", he sighed.
"I should have know that you're queer when I saw this outfit. Cuffed jeans and a tugged in Hawaii shirt?", MJ chuckled, looking down at the screen.
Somewhere in Brooklyn two Ex-HYDRA-Assets were sitting in a livingroom, eating Chinese takeout while watching a Disney movie when one of them got a very distraught call from his best friend.
Peter didn't acknowledge Steve once his eyes moved again, landing on Tony this time.
"You watching me?", he asked, not necessarily insulted. "The crazy ex-girlfriend doesn't suit you."
He was met by darkness once he opened his eyes and for a moment he though he was back in that cell, going through the change.
The concept seemed to be truthful, too. Peter hugged Wade, he didn't freak out, he behaved like a normal person. Now Wade didn't treat him quite as delicately. He was closer to how he was at the beginning and Peter would make sure to get him back to that, to make Wade comfortable with him again, to convince his father and Steve that he wasn't a lost cause. He'd do whatever, he'd behave, he'd be a good boy.
His voice was distant but the agony was the same as Wade's. He couldn't comfort Tony though, couldn't see past his own grief. Wade just sat and stared as Tony wailed in agony.
"Oh screw you! I'm not losing another person, you can lay down and weep while I solve this issue. ", he spat before his eyes fell onto the gun that Gwen had used before. It was obvious what he had to do. This plan had failed in the past but he had to try, anyways. Peter was dead but Wade had to try to bargain for his life. He grabbed the gun and put it to his head.  "Good night, fuckers. ", he said and before anyone could stop him he pulled the trigger.
He sat up and looked around the dark room, trying to ground himself the way Bucky had told him. To breathe, to focus on his senses.
"Natasha Romanoff entered the building.
Wade didn't follow, didn't intrude on them, he had no right. But he couldn't help but to listen to them. "Hey, I'm here, it's all good, I'm here.", Peter reassured her calmly.
"Fine!", He groaned, grabbing Domino's hand that was still holding his phone and letting her pull him to his feet. Maybe killing some assholes would cheer him up.
On the last night before they were supposed to pick Peter up again he found himself on the rooftop of Steve's apartment building. He sat by the edge and gazed at the city. Sleep wouldn't be an option tonight. His thoughts were too scattered. Spinning in his mind violently.
"I could've shat on what the superdads said and broken you out myself. I should've. ", Wade replied.
Steve stared back at him until his expression softened a little. Apparently he was taking pity on Tony. "He's gonna come back eventually. He just needs time. I've been through this with Bucky before.", he then explained.
. Of course that was exhausting.
"I'm good- I love you...I promise...", Peter smiled at Wade, a weak hand grabbing a hold of Wade's, squeezing it slightly and it finally made click. Peter loved him, Peter loved Wade and now he'd leave him.
"Am I overreacting?", he asked, his tone strained.
He tried everything to give his life purpose again. Became Iron Man, became an Avenger, he even fell in love with a man who knew loss as intimately as Tony did.
"Are you sure?", Tony asked, obviously not entirely convinced but Peter nodded eagerly, desperately trying to erase his previous mistake.
"Nah, I used to be with special forces back in the day.", Wade replied and suddenly all the previous tension was gone. This topic was okay,  apparently. Peter tried to keep that in mind.
"Yeah, that doesn't make this less disturbing.", Wade snapped back, his tone sharper than intended and something lit up in Peter's empty glare.
"I see, my reputation proceeds me.", the Skelton now spoke in a female voice, deep and soothing, almost hypnotic.
(See the end of the chapter for
Only once he was fully clothed Peter dared to look in the mirror again. Not much better but at least he wasn't naked anymore, at least he had real clothes.
Peter's mind was buzzing. He had no fucking clue what to do.
Before Peter could stop himself the words just spilled out of him. Those were truths that Peter had known of but he had never really confronted them like this before. He had never taken the time to really examine his feelings for Wade. He hadn't intended to grow so attached.
Wade didn't try to start a conversation, he didn't move from his seat in the armchair that Peter didn't break during his withdrawal. He tried to be as distant and non-threatening as possible. But he watched every move Peter made, too terrified of what he had witnessed only hours prior.
, he was so tired.
"Who would've thought that you could still have the incredibly mundane experience of smoking your first cigarette and fucking hating it. Very coming-of-age of you.", Bucky chuckled and Peter pulled a face but took another drag. This time he didn't cough as much.
"Tony Stark.", he replied and MJ was right back to being shook.
"If he doesn't want you, which I can't imagine, I'll take you home with me, make you live with me and my blind roommate Al. She's a beast but I love her, don't tell her that, though.", Wade then replied, even making a little joke but Peter really needed this, needed security.
"So... Gwen isn't the way you remembered?", Wade asked carefully.
That's essentially all they'd be doing. Deleting Peter's association with the words so that they couldn't be used to activate him anymore. He'd be himself and there would be no way to switch him. But the old fashioned conditioning HYDRA put him through they'd have to battle on their own, once Peter was done. "Peter is holding up amazingly. He's a real trooper.", Lorenz finished, a smile plastered on her face.
He looked so fragile, curled up in his bed, his unkempt hair hanging into his face, the dim light casting dark shadows underneath his eyes.
"Damn right.", he mumbled under his breath and Natasha surely heard him but decided to ignore the remark.
That's when Tony came back with a stack of clothes. "I've got some clothes from Pep here, they might be a bit big but it's the best we've got until we get you some new stuff. ", he said carefully, handing the clothes to Gwen.
Tony looked worse than usual, which was saying something. The return of his long lost son had seemingly aged him quite a bit but this was nothing compared to the absolutely exhausted and hollow look that he was sporting now. The dark circles around his eyes looked like bruises, his cheeks were hollow and his eyes red. "Tony? Did you find something?", Stave asked, and even though he tried to sound hopeful there was a quiver of fear in his voice.
Peter Stark never got to live a normal life. That didn't mean that he was dead, though Tony just didn't know that yet.
"We had a long night. Let's just say Peter stopped a robbery. ", he remarked before pulling away the bandaid to reveal the wound underneath. Flesh wounds healed pretty quickly, broken bones took longer and re-growing limbs took the longest. The wound looked pretty gnarly but Peter new that it would be barely there in 24 hours.
He knew that the distance that Wade had put between them was hurting Peter. But he couldn't spend the night with Peter, he'd never want to go to bed but he had to and imagining falling asleep next to Peter and waking up next to Death was too jarring and imagining waking up next to Peter after a night with Death was even worse.
The look in Tony's eyes softened and Peter wasn't sure, if he could take it, being looked at like that. With warmth and something like love, not that he'd ever dare to believe in that. "Of course not. Peter...I don't want you to think that you're a prisoner. Everything we do is to protect you.", Tony said, so gently that Peter wanted to rip his ears off.
He didn't manage, though. After a while he always failed.
"Trouble sleeping?", Tony asked him and Peter nodded.
Peter kept his eyes trained on Natasha. "I'm chatting. I didn't feel like being the monster in the tower that nobody gets to see today.", he replied nonchalantly.
"Does this look dumb?", he asked when he stepped out of the bathroom.
"GO AWAY!", He yelled back, his voice rougher than he expected. His eyes fell on the empty pill bottle on his nightstand that held the drugs he used to stop his own heart every night. He'd need to get new ones. Or he could just shoot himself again but that was always so messy.
He was still in the same location. Keipon's lab. No windows, no way to tell what time of day it was or how much time had passed. That wasn't new. Peter wasn't sure if he could even remember the last time he saw the sun.
Anyways, I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it and I'd love to hear what you think about this chapter in particular and if you have any thoughts or wishes for their relationship.
"'Cause they like to revisit the memories. I really hope that ain't why you read it. Are you some kinda masochist?", Bucky huffed and Peter smirked. It was still weird to see him do that.
Gwen stared at him for a moment longer, probably considering if she should go along with the topic change. Eventually she let out another sigh and sagged in her seat. "At first I couldn't risk being around you as long as the programming was still there and after SHIELD got rid of it... I just couldn't face you. ", She admitted and Peter's eyebrows formed into a deep frown.
When he glanced up, two wide eyes were staring at him. They weren't like the other times, glazed over and distant. They were clear, sharp and terrified.
"Have you ever been in love?", he asked and Peter froze, glancing at Wade and then back at his hands.
"Yeah, I'm good, I'm... it's pleasant...", he replied. "Tell me a story?", he then asked and Wade didn't need to hear that twice. He went straight into a story about one of his many outlandish missions.
"During training, at night, after the experiments when we could still hear each other even though we were kept apart. We'd make up stupid songs to ridicule the situation. It made things easier, if only for a moment.", he said, a slight smile tugging at his lips. His chest tightened when he remembered her soft melodic voice, like a blanket for his disturbed mind.
Bucky sat down on his bed for a moment. Now that was a development he didn't fucking see coming.
"Gwen is a sleeper agent.", Wade told him.
"Don't go-", he heard a woman yell but then everything turned silent.
But whenever it got too much he just imagined the real Peter, giving him gentle kisses, tucking himself against Wade's side. Peter wouldn't be cruel, he'd be gentle and lovely and he'd be worth it.
It was a male voice, deep, rough, kinda like Wade's. The music was dark and melancholic with heavy lyrics.
Granted, Kid was nothing like Steve when he was still little but the basics still applied. That's what he called him, by the way. Just Kid. Because he still didn't tell Bucky his name, or if he even had one. He didn't speak at all, except for when he slept. Bucky preferred not to think about the things he said in his sleep.
Work. It always took Tony's mind off things, he just needed to find a project that would keep him busy, overtake his thoughts. Then Afghanistan happened.
I hope that you enjoy it, though and leave a review!
"Why?", Peter then asked and Tony was yet again baffled at how Peter didn't seem to notice how awfully sad that sounded.
Wade pulled to the side of the road before trying to wake him, sensing another epic freakout. Instead, once he gently shook the boys shoulder he immediately woke up with a gasp.
"No, no of course not Peter..."
Fury didn't meet them at SHIELD. It was some random agent that led them to one of those barren rooms that looked like they're made for police questionings. Tony took in the room. Grey walls, two doors, a table, five chairs, four on one side, one on the other. All bolted into the ground. There was a two way mirror. SHIELD agents would be watching them. All that Tony saw right now was his own exhausted face. He took in his bloodshot eyes for a moment before turning his back on the reflection. "Please take a seat. Peter will arrive in a minute.", the agent that led them here ordered. Tony mirrored the others and they all took a seat on one side of the table. Surely enough a minute later, Tony counted the seconds, the other door opened.
"It's all good.", Peter said quickly and he caught MJ's eye as she raised an eyebrow.
"Yeah- Yeah, of course!", Tony stammered, his eyes were burning, he might start crying. Peter hadn't called him dad since...since he was taken.
, Wade didn't want that.
"Here you are.", Domino stated, her voice coming from the doorframe of Wade's bedroom. He didn't bother to turn around to face her.
"It's the
"About everything.", Tony nodded before finally looking Steve in the eyes. He still seemed lost but there was a new found determination in there. "I need to get myself together and start taking care of him.", he nodded, getting up and stepping towards Steve. He gently placed his hand on the back of Steve's neck and Steve wrapped his around Tony's waist.
"What the fuck are we supposed to do, Buck? What does he need?" The question sounded desperate but already defeated, like Steve couldn't imagine a way out of this. Bucky had been in the middle of it, he knew that there was always a way out.
It was tempting to fall back into old habits. It really was.
"I'm working on it, okay?", Peter said, covering up the anxious voices in his head with a chuckle. "I've gotta catch up on 19 years of opinions. It's a slow process."
Wade was in awe, truly. How dare he? How dare he be a good person? There were so few of them and they never got what they deserved. Wade thought of Vanessa, bleeding out in his arms. She never cared either, always took all the shit Wade threw at her and dealt with it.
"Peter-", Wade started to protest but Peter wouldn't let him finish.
"Right now? I'm taking you out for dinner. Everything's on me! Don't take this the wrong way but you look like you are seconds away from death. ", Wade replied, his tone chipper. Peter didn't look at him, in fact he closed his eyes and for a moment Wade thought that he had passed out again.
Peter didn't look at him again, he only took a heavy breath, eyes still glued to the night sky. "We'll see about that...", he then said more to himself than Tony. "Can I see Wade now?", he asked a little louder.
"No. He's not- he's- he's just hurting.", Wade tried to explain and to his surprise Steve only nodded slowly before glancing over at his lover.
"But what? But it had to be done? But you had good intentions?", Peter snapped before he could stop himself. They both knew that they weren't talking about Gwen right now.
Peter smirked, he didn't see that coming. It was amused and a bit mocking but real. "Reality is different to everyone. How can my reality be wrong or warped if it's based on everything I've experienced. It's just as real as the life I could've had as Tony's son. And therefore my believes are just as grounded in reality as anybody else's.", he argued and Steve could see something he hadn't before, a very small something but it was there. It caused the man to crack a smile. "What are you smiling at?", Peter asked him, a bit wary all of a sudden.
"Is there anyone I can call? Someone you'd like to contact?" He hesitated, then he shook his head.
"You can eat it.", Peter told her gently and she immediately got to it. Her eyes focused in on her plate completely, only paying attention to one task at a time. Peter's eyes met Wades and he must've looked distressed again because Wade took the opportunity to kick start a conversation again.
He was unstoppable, he was a sword that cut through the mass of HYDRA agents without mercy until he found himself in front of the door that would lead him to Peter. He turned around and saw that the others were nowhere near him. Bucky was in a choke hold and his arm seemed to be a dead weight, Steve was buried underneath so many agents that Wade could barely see him and Tony was fighting off 5 by himself.
"How could you sent her there, after everything they put me through, after everything she has been through?!", he asked him and he was trembling with fury.
Once they stepped out of the room into the hallway, Peter realized why he couldn't hear the others anymore. It's because they were all dead. Their bodies were spread all over the place. agents, scientist and doctors, all laying in their own blood and Deadpool, or whatever his name was, was using them as stepping stones, jumping from one to the other.
"Peter?", Wade asked from the other side. Peter couldn't remember if he had locked it. Another knock. Peter was scared but now there was no time left. He had to be quick. The pain was sharp, his blood was crimson, Peter didn't stop hurting. He just wanted to stop hurting. Just wanted all of it to
"You can't know that.", Wade said and he hated that he knew that it was true. Peter lowered his eyes, but only for a moment, then they met Wade's again, full of nervous excitement.
"Fuck off.", Peter said but it lacked the bite, his voice cracked. They didn't even need to kill him, Peter was pretty sure that he might just die from terror.
"Peter... are you with us again...?", the man asked.
When Peter didn't reply anything to that Tony stroked his hands through his hair before continuing. "So what? You aren't the same as when you were 9? Of course you aren't, you're practically an adult. And I get that you don't trust me, or anyone really and I know it might be hard to believe that this isn't a test, that I'm not tricking you, that there won't be punishment but that's okay. Thinking like this kept you alive. That doesn't change the fact that you are safe now, that you can relax, that not every situation will end in disaster. But I don't expect you to believe that. I'll prove it to you, though. I'll remind you for the rest of your life, if that's necessary."
