When he arrived the Equestrian Statue of Charles I, the first thing he did was relishing the panoramic view of the London streets after sunset. From a bird's eye view, this may seem like sprinkles of various colours in combination, as if straight from a cityscape oil painting . An overwhelming array of colours originated from the well-structured buildings that fit together perfectly like a jigsaw puzzle. The description seemed poetic-just like his blog-but there was a reason to it.
Sherlock is wounded. Yes, he lies to John but only so that he doesn't get scared of him. "I....I would not use fear as a tool Eurus, at least not on John."
With that, she gave a couple of hards strokes as he came in her hand, the semen spreading on to his abdomen and chest. It wasn't the best orgasm, but definitely the most odd one. When he regained himself, he saw Sherlock coming too, in his pants!
Sherlock stops pounding for a moment. Out of all the things, this is what John spoke to choose? Should not be surprised, he's a doctor after all, of course he will want to take precautions while barebacking.
"You told me? Oh, I'm sorry, I must be too shocked to register it. But, Christ! There is an infant life at take! We need to report now!"
"Who?" She went for being the ever oblivious type, partially to give herself some time and partially to get on Sherlock's nerves. She was going to take whatever she could. "And who's this woman? New assistant, is she?"
Eurus was positively ecstatic after hearing those words. "Convincing you was easier that I thought. I always knew you had a dubious morale Mycroft."
There were so many things wrong with the statement and the fact that Sherlock’s sister said the exact same thing a couple of minutes ago made him almost laugh. Well, there was really no use of telling that to these mad people, and he desperately needed to save the three hostages, he frankly didn’t have time to argue any further.
"Sister mine, you know John is in a vulnerable state right now. And what surety do I have that you would not try to kill any one of them, or both, or anyone?"
"Eurus! Look, it is John's. The trousers must have got stuck up her on this protruding wire and- oh, OH! Oh of course. How can we be so stupid?" , Sherlock's entire face lit up like it was Christmas.
It took about half an hour on the tube to reach Charing Cross. He had dropped all attempts to hide from the pesky CCTVs on the note that if Mycroft really wanted, he would have caught him en route itself. No, the Holmes siblings wanted to play, and John knew by experience, that whenever they are in the mood to
"Okay, okay calm down John. Wait, this isn't a prank or something right? If so, I am really not in a mood."
John was at a loss of words. Betrayal, lies, deceit, loss. His heart was burning inside him. He couldn't believe the words Sherlock just spoke. Sharing him with Eurus, as if he were a toy two siblings played with. When? How?
"Yes sweetie, come to mummy!", Eurus cooed as she took Rosie in her arms. Rosie was a true Watson though, stubborn like her father and she couldn't stop crying and yelling in her embrace. Sherlock came next and took her from his sister and started making funny noises while cradling her. It was then when her cries turned to hiccupped sobs and eventually grew quiet. In normal circumstances, he wouldn't have missed the chance to rub it in her sister's face that he had an one up on her, but right now the most important thing at hand was John.
“Sherlock. Oh yeah, I really want to come back. For one, to take Rosie with me and second to punch you hard in your face. Besides, don’t you want to first play the sick game of yours?”
"I know, I know. I just...you know what? Just leave it. I'll handle myself. I'm sorry to bother you. Just please don't state about this to anyone. It's just that I'm worried about Rosie and-"
John heaved an audible sigh and removed the mobile Sally had given him from his bag. He had it on silent and so did not realise until now that he had 3 missed calls and 1 text message from Sally, all sent around an hour ago within a time window of 15 minutes. His stomach tickled in a very weird sort of way and his hand trembled while opening the text. He wished so desperately for it to be a good news such as Rosie being rescued but he also prepared for the worst where Sherlock and his mad sister somehow got away. But it was just too early for them to find out about Sally's involvement, so maybe she just wanted to confirm that John reached the hotel safely? He realised there was no point in speculating and finally, opening the message.
He knew he wouldn't leave a stone unturned if anyone were to isolate him from John or even commit the imbecilic mistake of doubting his chasm of love, deep and dark love, that he had created in his mind palace for the stocky man. He bares his teeth to yell but before that-
. John Watson was the first person Mycroft had seen Eurus talk about like this. And, 'love' or 'romance' was another chapter. Well, he should not be surprised, he thought the same for Sherlock but it seems Dr. Watson has some majestic powers to draw sociopathic geniuses to him.
"Oh John, don't be surprised. You do know, I'm better at games than your other flatmate.", Eurus winks at John.
And just with such heavy tension surrounding them, they leave the premises to get into a car with Mycroft constantly on the phone throwing orders at his men as Sherlock and Eurus try tracking John's phone. All of a sudden, Eurus looks at Mycroft.
"Ah, can I come in please?", John says. He had done a great deal of walking and it didn't help that his arse was already sore.
"Except that Mycroft has checked every CCTV near his army mates' and sister's homes and he isn't there. Moreover John isn't foolish enough to contact NSY given my contacts so it is not even a consideration. A few men went to visit his surgery as well and he isn't there too."
“Hmm…let’s see. As you already know, the wager in this game is the lives of Miss Donovan and your lovely daughter Rosie. She
White female, 36, Irish decent, divorced. Long brunette hair, deep hazel eyes. John is really trying to move on from Mary judging by her physical attributes. Oh, works as a barista at the coffee shop John visits during his clinic lunch hours. Six visits with him until now, good Lord Sherlock couldn't believe how he missed something so obvious. No no, he cannot stoop to Anderson levels of stupidity now. Not when he wants to keep John impressed by his intelligence.
“Alright..and what is the proof that you will not, I don’t know, try to kidnap me in the middle of all this?”
His thighs,thick and veiny are in contrast to his small height, which is unconventionally attractive. No wonder, he is knows as the Three Continents Watson. It's a shame, his attractive body got wasted on some lowlife girls. Sherlock would have definitely been a better lover for John all these years before she came into picture.
"Anyway, there is no another room for her. There are only 2 bedrooms. Hence, either she stays or I stay.", John huffed.
Alright, given John's inexperienced in this area but he is a bloody doctor! He has watched his fair share of gay porn during his deployment too. He knows this is not the way. There has to be some lubricant and gentleness, otherwise there are chances of anal tearing and soreness.
“John? How are you John? Please come back.” He almost sounded apologetic, but John wouldn’t fall into the trap.
here is to move in with my brother Sherlock and his- his best friend John." Maybe Mycroft was imagining things but he saw a shadow pass across her face. "I do need to catch up. Besides, the two of them are interesting and I want to lead a normal life - with them"
"John, we could have that discussion later. Talking about diseases is not the least bit titillating. But yes, of course I'm tested and so are you. I would never risk anything on you."
"Of course he is. Honest, Brave, Clever, Dangerous, Loyal and Attractive. My John is everything.", Sherlock says smiling fondly.
Well, opening it did make him learn a handful number of things. For one, he was really really under-prepared for the worst, two, he was a complete dickhead to involve someone else and three, he grossly underestimated the Holmeses. When he thought more shit couldn't happen, the universe proved him wrong quite spectacularly.
I am so so sorry for being late in updating the work. I was really busy with exams so please  forgive me.
"Even I won't deny how satisfying it is to watch your hilarious face when your balance of probability fails so spectacularly.", Eurus is positively beaming as if she had won a lottery. Okay, she did win John, so there's that.
. But not lovers. You can force me physically, at least now, but you would never be able to make me love you. Never like this. Get one thing straight into your twisted and devious brains, I am NOT a thing to be owned and used, and I would most definitely find my breakout sooner or later." He sighs heavily after vomiting the words in one breathe. At least some weight lifts off his chest.
When John looked at him again, this time, Sherlock made no effort at hiding his lustful expressions and was rutting at the sides of the chair, his eyes never leaving John's cock. John found the entirety of this completely absurd. He frowned at the evidence denying his assumption of Sherlock being unequivocally asexual, except in the case of Adler, of course. But then, what is this? Is he interested in
John really never thought he would have to stay in a house with Eurus. Yes, she was pretty and he liked her, or well her impersonation, when they used to chat at nights. This invokes another feeling in him.
Sherlock sighs and waits for a reply but John still can't process how is his heart still beating after all the handful of heart attacks he has experienced this night. No he will not stop believing his best friend.
"SHERLOCK! Didn't you give him the pills?! Oh god, I'll throttle you, you idiot! I texted you in no uncertain terms about the dosage! If John doesn't return, I swear I'll kill you Sherlock. You too Mycroft and all those five useless dregs you sent at the flat.", Eurus barks with a dark and dangerous voice with a violent and unwavering threat as her eyes go wild and red, as if just been shot up with meth. Sherlock is in a same condition and it sends a shiver down Mycroft's spine.
As if sensing John's silent question, Eurus replied, "No John, he is not at all interested in me. Infact my dearest, he is interested in you! Yes, I know that's a shock to you, but it's not just interest John. He desires to
Yes, as almost everyone who knew Eurus was aware, she was capable of enslaving minds and she did the same with Sherlock. The detective was awaiting John to move on and then propose, which soon or later, John would have accepted. Mesmerized as he was, with her brother. That would have meant Eurus wouldn't have had John as hers then. She had to enter their life before it was too late and she lost John completely. Now that Sherlock didn't realise that things could have been consensual between him and John, his mind was manipulated by Eurus into believing that the only way to have John was by force. This, not only helped to create friction between the two former friends, but also brought Eurus closer to her John.
Skimming the streets, John quickly realised a black sedan was parked in front and the lackeys in the flat wore black uniform just like Mycroft's minions. His face paled as realization dawned on him.
"What is that you want Eurus? You don't want to kill me, or Sherlock hopefully, then what? Wait a minute. Rosie! ROSIE! Oh my God, please tell me she's still in her cot, safe and sound. I swear I'll slash your throat if anything happens to her!" John's face could probably be substituted by a tomato head at that moment.
John smiled his beautiful smile. "As much as I'm happy to see you interested in Rosie's future, I do hope we stick around with each other long enough for what you envision to actually happen."
"Eurus, there's no use of asking her. She won't give a straightforward answer. Besides, I have a feeling some people are up to visit this house. Let's go."
interested in John. His John. He grew furious and dug his nails into the balls of his hand, rendering the knuckles white.
Sherlock sounded as if he had a seething resentment towards the poor woman. Veronica was a nice and pretty lady. John had enjoyed every time they had met and she seemed to understand his lifestyle. She respected that he was sometimes busy with sleuth work, and even avidly listened to some of the stories. She was a fan of his blog, she said. If things would have been normal, maybe John would have married her someday. But when was his life ever
"Don't appal me Mycroft. I'm definitely not scared and would do anything in my capacity to help the Queen's country." Yes, prod the ego of a soldier, question their patriotism and watch them dance. Works like a charm.
, they rely solely on their intelligence and any sort of cheating is a direct insult to their big brains.
Sherlock doesn't even have the time to react and falls limp on his own bed. "Oh well, I think I reached in time, clearly didn't reach to serious sex yet, thankfully."
Yes, first tell me have you issued the orders to your men?", the only female in the room, apart from Anthea with her blackberry, speaks.
?", John spits out the word his repugnance, as if it has done him something personally wrong. "So, you haven't changed, have you? Perhaps we were stupid to even think that. So now what? Most definitely kill us both. Heck, you should have done that in our sleep itself, why do you feel the need to extend the death throes?" John was almost barking at her now.
Sally stood still, thoroughly flabbergasted and unable to comprehend the words spoken out of Watson's mouth. A few seconds passed after which she blinked a couple of times to regain her composure.
“Oh? And why would that be? You sound too concerned though. Are you concerned? One might ask what she is to you. But of course, every life matters for you, doesn’t it? Oh John, just another one of the things that make you so delectable. Your moral high ground.”, she sighed.
"The first dare of the game! How interesting. Let me think about this." It was Eurus' chance to give the dare. She would make the best use of it, obviously.
Mycroft visibly tenses on the question but sternly replies, "Eurus will explain that to you Dr. Watson. And Eurus, have you created the file on the bombings?"
His eyelids felt clumsy and he could not make out the reason his abdominal muscles were convulsing. He hadn't eaten the Chinese takeover leftovers nor went to any pubs recently, then why? Why were his limbs behaving so ponderously? He didn't realize he was blowing air out of his lungs, rather brutally when he heard her voice -
a psychopathic sister, his mind ruefully supplied. It was very much possible that Charing Cross was only a metaphor or something. However, John could not think of another sensible answer. Hence, without wasting another second, he put the wallet and phone in his trouser pocket and dashed out of the room after locking it behind him.
Eurus can see right through it. It's a facade. A ruse. Sherlock is acting to be in pain because he knows the doctor in John won't leave by his side.
Sherlock hated it. He hated his parents for ever begetting Eurus. It was all so good, John and Sherlock were suppose to share the bed and now they were playing this game. He was only ever interested in John. He had no idea where John got the idea he was interested in Irene. Anyway, he just can blurt out, neither lie.
"WHERE IS JOHN WATSON?!", She-Holmes painfully shrieked in her right ear, making her flinch and shout aggressively.
"Do not worry, John. I would never hurt you, unless a bit necessary. I know what I'm doing, my love. Just relax. I'm sorry I would not use lube tonight. You need to know that you belong to me now completely and I want to mark you. I want you to remain sore for a few days so there's a constant reminder that I've finally claimed you."
"We both know that's not quite true Sherlock. She is a better genius than both of us and shouldn't we allow her to use it to her full capacity for the good deeds? I think she can be tamed and will be under a watchful eye here."
"Oh I see it now too. If he limped all his way, his walking speed must have slowed down considerably. He has not been found on the cameras post this sighting, thus he is in a five kilometer radius from here as Mycroft doesn't have access to the cameras in the locality. He could have been fast moving and dodging the cameras elsewhere, but he is limping, so he can't have avoided it unless there are safe spots. Hence, we need to find trails in camera hiding spots. So tell me brother mine, who lives in a five kilometer radius, who is familiar to John, and falls in the track of all the safe spots?" Eurus Holmes was a genius as well, hence she deduced correctly too with no further explanation needed of any sort.
"Oh, don't flatter yourself. I do accept that it was...unlikely to find both of you reaching a compromise but it wasn't improbable enough to not consider it as a possibility."
"Eurus what are we supposed to do? He is not visible in any CCTV cameras nor has his phone with him. How are we even suppose to contact that Rosie is with us?"
Mycroft was seriously baffled with the turning of events. Although he is not very good with people, it was evident even to him that Eurus was interested in John as a romantic partner. Her eyes and body language clearly spoke as much. He knew that Eurus was a sexual being but this was...different. His sister usually did not care who she was in bed with as long as there was a warm body but this time, she spoke of John as if she wanted to
"No! no, just provide me some protection Sally. I think whatever this new obsession Sherlock has developed with me will fade away and things might go back...go back to normal."
“Johnny, that is more like Mycroft’s style, not mine. Besides, I do want to enjoy the thrill of the chase. What is earned with hard labour is eaten in pleasure.”
Sherlock and John had thought it was very visibly reciprocated. The thought of him hurting his daughter was too painful to think about. Still, his subconscious kept hitting him with ideas that Eurus had somehow possessed Sherlock. The soft corner he had for his best friend just wouldn't go away no matter how hard he tried to stifle those feelings.
"I don't know what you're talking about." He then fake-yawns continuing the facade. John would not give up so easily. Yes, he is human and sentimental but Sherlock's logical thinking has rubbed on him all these years. He may be heart broken from the betrayal, but he would use his brain and try his best to sneak out of this ordeal. Yes, he would escape.
Sherlock sighed and strode into the hall. And when he did, he stopped dead in the tracks. He was greeted with the delicious view of one John Watson bent over, clearing Rosie's toys from the floor, sticking up his plump arse up in the air. He licked his lips and it took everything for him to not go over, spank him, twist his ash blonde hair in his fingers and shag him senseless. Yes, he'd been fantasizing about John since his return from the dead. But no, he had to get a girlfriend and marry her! But Sherlock loved John and would do anything to keep him happy. However, he also could not deny how delighted his subconscious was when Mary was no longer in between him and John. John has moved into Baker Street again then, after renovations, and Sherlock was looking out for the best opportunity to propose John. The sexual tension was
Maybe he could go to Lestrade? But he would not believe him obviously. It was then when an idea came to his mind. If you would have asked him to seek help from this person a week ago, he would have laughed at you but it was what seemed the best option he could come up with right now. So, hiding from the CCTVs and suspicious people along the way, he went in the direction of this person's house.
He knows, knows that if he doesn't find Dr. Watson soon enough, Eurus and Sherlock would go rogue and it won't be a pretty picture either for himself or the Queen's own country. He is starting to doubt his decision to freed Eurus but he just can't deny he loves his sister no matter what.
"And you think coercing me into sex with you and your sister will help that? You know...Sherlock I actually liked you. Yeah, only a bit but I was fond of you. You were my everything, besides Rosamund but now I wish I had killed you in Culverton's morgue that day!"
Mycroft decides to break the silence. "I think everything is settled. My minions would do the requisite shopping for you Eurus and have it delivered by tomorrow. If you need anything else, do tell me."
Sally noted everything down, pausing every once in a while to gape and hold her breath as she heard the whole story. It was a lot to take in and yes, she knew that Holmes was a psychopathic freak, but this was the limit. Also, the introduction of this sister character was, Sally loathed to admit it, interesting. It was hard to believe what John narrated but his eyes revealed all the truth Sally needed as a witness. There was fear, rage, humiliation and most of all,
"You are my conductor of light and after you moved out with Mary, I realised I might as well kill myself as my life is nothing without you in it. Your place is beside me and I am willing to do everything I can to make it happen. I beg you to not make this hard for all of us here and just let us in John. You have no idea how much I have pined for you and masked myself to a platonic disguise all this time. You have never encouraged my advances and you wouldn't unless extreme actions were taken. To be honest with you, I had everything strategized even before my sister came along, she just made me prepone my plans. And if you expect an apology, I'm afraid I can't give it to you as I'm not a least bit sorry for taking measures to keep you mine. Ours now."
Sherlock sighs, "Goodnight John. I really wanted to cuddle with you to sleep and I will, once I settle everything." With that, he presses John's cheeks to open his mouth and places the pill on his tongue, forcefully making him gulp it down with water like a baby. John coughs as he swallows but eventually calms down as Sherlock pats his back. He then leans down to press a kiss on his lover's lips and starts undoing the ropes.
"You do not have to worry about the sleeping arrangements. That would be taken care of shortly. To be honest, she is perfectly capable of using her power and putting herself here but she wants to change and has taken the effort of making a straight forward deal. Doesn't this make things better? And think about how many lives you would be saving John. If we allow her to live here, she can help us deduce Intel on special forces."
"Dr. Watson's phone is here sir. His wallet too. It seems he has not taking anything with him.", said one of the man as all of them stood in the sitting area of 221B.
John realised his gaping and tried his best to stand straight and wall his expression but failed. The Holmeses apparently already deduced because Sherlock was scowling at him, Mycroft was amused and Eurus was visibly flattered.
"Must have forgotten. Anyway, Rosie seems to be intrigued by it. She could pick up my traits and set off a journey being a great chemist or biologist."
If he says John, John will get offended and leave. If he says no one, he knows that Eurus knows so his lie will get caught.
"John, you are a charmer. Since childhood I've been jealous of Sherlock's friends because it left no one with me to play. As I grew up, I realised that
"Fine, not gonna lie.", she placed both hands in front of her, palms upward, placatingly. "Lying won't help me anyway...seeing our genius detective is here, you probably would find it out by how my hair is styled or some shit like that, isn't it freak?"
"Eurus if you just wanted sex, I could have agreed with you for a night if it meant saving my dignity and not getting raped in front of my best friend and your brother. Plus, ohh fuck, I'm not a fan of bondage."
"Sorry? Oh, wait. Yes, of course. Of course! I know what you're thinking Eurus and I'm in cent percent agreement." Sherlock claps his hands in excitement.
provisioned for such a case. Sherlock is a stubborn child and Eurus is, well Eurus is Eurus. The idea that they would agree to share John with each other, is absurd and ironically mature at the same time. Of course he had set up bugs in the flat and of course his siblings found out and removed the cameras but he didn't need them. Mycroft was capable enough to deduce that both of them had successfully managed to spend an amorous night with the good doctor but alas, the said doctor was less than willing to engage with his partners.
“For fucks sake, all that was between you and me was friendship, a close one, but friendship nonetheless. And how did you..no screw it. Mycroft probably pulled a file on her, didn’t he?”
"Look. The cloth from the trousers had been torn around the knee area, as can be seen by the raggedness and stretch capacity of the cloth. Now see here, the wire has been protruding at a height of 18 inches. Thus, an average man should get his shin get stuck up here. Even if you consider John's short height, the maximum length must be his lower portion of the knee as the mid length is usually at thirty point five percent of a person's height. But no, John stuck at his upper knee, thus what does it indicate? John had been limping! and of course he is limping. He was intensely shagged and claimed by me, thus leaving him sore. How could I not see it earlier?"
Three things happen at once. Eurus let's out a triumphant cheer, Sherlock knocks out the table, almost waking Rosie up and John widens his eyes in disbelief.
"Very much, brother mine. And with that I claim my prize.-" Before she can finish, Sherlock trips down on the floor and shouts in utter pain.
John was tired. It had taken him a good part of an hour to reach the underground train station, trying to dodge all of the CCTV cameras looming above the streets. He pondered upon his recent situation sitting inside the train he had boarded at Regent's Park Station heading towards Paddington. God bless Sally for the Oyster Card. Speaking of Sally, he was really concerned for her and felt guilty to put her in harm's way but he just couldn't help it. To be honest, fleeing london was so easy right now- with all his stealth skills developed during his army days as well as working on cases and chasing off mad criminals. Only if there wasn't this one problem. With Rosie in the hands of the Holmeses, it was as if John was held of an invisible leash which stopped him from escaping. He would never have thought that Sherlock could do this. Rosie was so fond of his
"Seriously brother? Is this your way of demonstrating affection? The stares you are giving John are better suited to murder victims. I'm beginning to doubt about my proposition. If you cannot handle it, leave it to me. I would not let John think he is in the hands of an incompetent lover."
"Quick John. Here is the printed ticket and my spare phone. I have formatted it and it includes only my number. I am sure Sherlock and gang can reach here any moment."
It took a couple of minutes but at last the bolt lock clinked open and John ran out making a beeline for Rosie's cot. When he saw that his little love bud was absent, chill ran down his spine. It didn't help he was stark bollocks naked thus adding goosebumps to his already flushed skin. Terror turned into hot anger soon comprehending that the holmeses must have abducted her. He felt he might just shoot the first person he found. He furiously ran to his room upstairs and put on a pair of jeans and a blue jumper and looked for his SIG.
"We can't Sally! I am sure they would use Rosie against me and I can't risk her life. The yard might ruin it all. Ruin. Ruin it all." By the end of the sentence, John recoiled in himself, too zoned out to realise he was on the verge of crying while blabbering to himself.
"Coming! Give me a minute", she shouts as her door bell rings continuously. She then opens the door to find a very frightened John Watson.
really pretty. She has your eyes, you know? But her nose and lips resemble so much like your dead wife that I just sometimes feel like throt-“
The genius woman then marches towards John's sleeping figure and tenderly takes the other sterile syringe and presses it into John's neck- the side which Sherlock sucked on just some time earlier.
Was Sherlock always like this? Was this the reason he drove away all his girlfriends? Did Mary come to know this and that's why she shot Sherlock? Oh my God. How could he have been so blind! But he trusted this man all these years. He needs to escape and think clearly. There is still a slight possibility that Sherlock is still doing this under duress but he can't be sure. If the look on Sherlock's face is anything to go by, this man has been planning this for months! And the truth and dare game, it makes sense now. What is his life? Here these two Holmeses were
“Innocent? Really John? She perfectly knew that you lived with me and yet she had the guts to pursue you which is UNACCEPTABLE.”
"What is it I see Mycroft? Aah, confusion is it? I don't blame you though.", Sherlock widens his eyes in fake amusement."
Sherlock goes limp and falls on John, the semen sandwiched between them which makes the detective shiver with delight. They pant together through the post coital bliss when Sherlock's phone chimes. He frowns at the thought of loosing contact with John but eventually moves to check his phone kept on the bedside table. He scowls as he reads it and then sighs and puts it back.
"Sherlock, don't worry, I'll just send her for an extended vacation with Mrs. Turner. She will come back eventually, but we will have to make sure her visits to Baker Street remain brief. It will protect her."
John felt like an idiot. It made a tad bit sense now. Only if he had cleared everything out that day. But it was hardly his fault. Sherlock could have talked to him about it earlier. He loved Sherlock. God help him, but he did. Only if that arrogant sod had told him, he could have called the whole thing with Mary off. No, but he was Sherlock bloody Holmes. The clever detective in the funny hat, who conspired with their mad siblings and made plans on how to abduct and rape their flatmate. Covet the said flatmate, like a fucking dragon captures a beautiful princess.
, John scoffs at the oddity of the application of it to the present context. "Do not taint the word by using it for yourselves. You both, are anything, but lovers. Rapists, psychopaths and
Eurus creases her eyebrows. Clearly, thinking about a good reason. "Can we discuss about that later? Let's get to know each other first. What about a game? Better idea, whoever wins decides the sleeping arrangements for tonight."
“Hey, honey I’m back. I know, Sherlock can be so tedious sometimes. Sooo let’s get to the game. Oh my god, we are so going to enjoy ourselves!”
as well! He wants to claim you as much as I want to. So love, even if you have hopes about your escape, just know that when you get rid of me, my brother would make you his and I'm sure being with a woman is much more satisfying for you than with a man. Isn't it?"
John sighed and sat back on the couch, clearly frustrated with the mess currently at hand and put his head in his palms.
"John, this is outrageous! Madness, I tell you! I am so sorry John, I did warn you, but even I couldn't know Holmes would stoop so low."
"John, please. We both are supposed to enjoy this. I wish to come together with you. I don't see why you're so distressed. If this is about the restraints, I'll make them vanish once I'm sure you won't try to attack me or run away."
“Oh, but you will be, soon, love.  Anyway, you can take help of the Scotland Yard in this game of ours, specifically Gregory Lestrade and his team ONLY.  Don’t try to trick us in any way though, you know it won’t work. You wouldn’t want little bits and pieces of our three sweet girls, would you? So that’s it for now. I hope to hear from you soon baby, Good luck.
"Aah! Sherlock! It's hurting. I might bleed if you continue." John doubts Sherlock cares but it's worth trying.
Mycroft proceeds to sit on John's chair and his-bodyguards?- men stand at each side of the door. When Eurus is inside the house, one of them closes the door behind. She was wearing a tight silk black bodycon dress, two straps in lieu of sleeves, high cleavage at the top, lacy embroidery at the hems, and the ends just hugging at her thighs, complimenting her figure. She had done her hair nice and wavy, and adorned her lips with cherry red lipstick. Oh god. John could not deny she looked-
"Too late for it now, detective sergeant." was all Sherlock commented before she felt a twinge of pain at the back of her head, most probably the butt of a gun, and she lost consciousness.
"Excuse me. Hello, yes?" There is a five second gap where there comes muffled sounds from the other side and then Mycroft's face goes pale. "WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY FLED? Send backup now! It's code red. Check all the CCTV footages in the area and I want his location in five minutes on else I swear you won't like the consequences!" and he throws away the receiver.
Mycroft cleared his throat. "Very well. Let me get straight to the point. Eurus and I have materialised an unambiguous agreement with each other. The conditions are simple and I just need your endorsement on the issue. Uh, both of yours."
Sherlock took truth because he knew dare would not be easy. Little does he know the truth isn't any easier.
John squirms but he'll be damned if he let Sherlock believe he is enjoying being taken apart like this. He had forgotten about two things during this entire conversation. One, he was naked and two, Eurus wasn't in the room.
It's too much, he decides and straightens John on his back. Sherlock moves to straddle John's thighs and dips his long fingertips inside the waistband to pull pants down with the trousers and then -
“Veronica. No, Sherlock, you wouldn’t, no. She doesn’t even know anything about this! You wouldn’t murder an innocent woman in cold blood.”
The woman shifts from her bed and starts straddling John, clearly the area where Sherlock last left John. "John, you really are so naive. It is one of the reasons I love you so much sweetheart." Eurus starts grinding her hips between John's legs, and her bodycon dress bunches up revealing her pale sculpted thighs. Both of them let out a sweet moan. "John, I said you are mine, and hence it is not a one night stand, it means I own you and I would control you, forever. You are not supposed to leave my side ever again. I would make love to you and take care of you but if you ever try to run away from me, there will be consequences John, do you understand?"
It was sudden, so it took a moment for Sally to realise how Eurus had charged towards her and pulled her curly hair in an iron grip, effectively ruining Donovan's ponytail which had taken at least ten minutes to settle.
"Hello John, pleasure to meet you again." Eurus brought her hand forward. She was beaming at him. It was deliciously sickening.
"Negative. Don't you think I would have thought that as well? Mycroft's security detail is sending me live updates and he is not near any of these houses."
, his mind supplied) and the partially ingested drugs Sherlock had given him must have made him sleep once the adrenaline and worn off. He washed his face, sat at the edge of the bed and started thinking about the next phase of his plan. John along with Donovan had decided to stay hidden in the hotel until Rosie was extracted. They were sure that Sherlock and Eurus would visit Sally sooner or later, and she would have her MET police team already in their positions to capture them. Once they were captured, they would have no option but to hand Rosie back. John had argued it wouldn't be so easy, especially with genius minds and Mycroft as their assets but she had ensured him that things would be under control. He was still doubtful but having no other way, he agreed. To placate himself, he told himself that the worst that could happen was Sherlock and Eurus not opening their mouths and being freed by their elder brother. Sally wouldn't be hurt with the police team in place and John obviously wasn't worth
"Kill you John? That would be the most vacuous move if I could even think about it. Sherlock, on the other hand, I could have killed him but a major part of the fun would go missing and additionally Mycroft won't be happy, as if I even care about him being happy." Eurus chuckles at her own joke, in which John certainly finds naught humour. He settles with simultaneously frowning and worrying for his friend.
Sherlock was lying down on the bed as John skittered over to the opposite side of the bed and sat down, resting his upper body on the headboard.
"Oh, it was always between you and me, wasn't it Eurus? If you fail to notice, let me tell you I am quite observant, and I do see the challenge you are forcing me into. Just so you know, I will beat you in this and win."
John is dumbstruck. This is the weirdest shit he has heard all his life. He can't help laughing, a monsterous one to be specific. "Whh what", he speaks as he continues laughing. "Eurus, firstly this is the most unromantic thing I've ever heard and secondly, what are you playing at? What bat shit game is this?"
"So? Why should I help you? What do I get in return Mycroft? Will you free me out of this prison? Oh wait, that was indeed promised to me after my little game got over at our house. It's evident, however, none of you wish to keep that promise."
As the mad woman pulled at her hair, the sergeant tried to kick her at the shin of her right leg and her hands started to scratch the the hand gripping her hair. Eurus was quick in blocking the kick though and the scratches at her was having naught effect. The actions, rather aggravated her and Eurus forcefully pulled her hair further, forcing Sally's head upwards.
Sorry for the long wait again guys! I have been going through some health issues for a while and could not update. But I'm sure you lovelies understand. I promise I would update the next chapter in the next week. And thank you for sticking up with this story! I love you all so much!
John was however, yet to move on from Mary,busy settling life with his daughter. What made this worse was the fact that Sherlock had unrequited feelings for John too. He knew that when John did move on from his late wife, Sherlock would approach John. Sherlock was so serious about it that he even asked Mycroft to help him, which was something his little brother despised so much. Initially Mycroft teased him for it but seeing Sherlock pine for John everyday (CCTV showing how Sherlock looked at John between cases, flat bugs showing how much Sherlock longed his friend's company,and obviously the fact that Sherlock did start using again when John started living with Mary), he promised Sherlock that he would help him in any way he could. But just a day after he made his vow, he had to divert his mind to the bomb blast plans. And now Eurus said THIS.
Mycroft elegantly made his way out towards his black sedan and smiled triumphantly to himself. So it went according to the plan. The initial days and confessions will be a havoc, but there was nothing he couldn't handle.
"Now who told you she's my sister?", Sherlock was still seething but his mouth turned in a weird sort of a smirk. "I never told you, and you were asking her identity not more than six minutes ago. Five minutes and forty two seconds to be precise."
For a second, John just stared at his phone, a peculiar frown between his eyebrows. A nursery rhyme, alright. This was supposed to be his only clue he had on his hand, and as the message prompted, he had roughly six hours to sort this out. What was it? A riddle to be solved? Was he to find Veronica at the end or was he to receive a succeeding clue after he solved this one? He pondered upon the questions for a while but then resolved that it was probably wasting him his valuable time.
This made the siblings turn their heads but both of them scoffed as though this was the most ridiculous idea.
"John, you do not have to worry. After her little meetings with you two at Sherrinford lately, she grew rather fond. She plans to restart her life with better actions and deeds and she thinks if you can handle Sherlock, you could purportedly help her get better as well." With this, Mycroft smiled smugly which made John shift uneasily in his chair.
Sherlock thought. What Eurus said...made sense, atleast to him. Sherlock knows Eurus is a stronger player and even if he deflects her, John would probably see his opportunity and leave, forever, which is totally unacceptable. Additional power would contain John for himself. And how bad can be sharing? Besides, it's sharing with the woman who loves John with equal desires as his own. It surely won't be unjust. Sherlock is tired of being patient, and now his dark desires cannot be barricaded, certainly not after seeing John come. Moreover, Eurus can take care of John's fear, threats and blackmail while Sherlock can make sweet love to him. She could be a helpful ally. John needs to be held on house arrest, atleast until he accepts his lovers. They both could make it happen. Oh yes this is perfect.
Sherlock was certainly in no mood to shut off his brain this instant. Not when John was in the room. He thought about various things he would like to do and say to John while the said man slipped down the bed, already on the verge of sleep.
Suddenly, he was infuriated. The nostalgic agony had been replaced with rage and a new determination. First things first though. He had to solve the puzzle.
John lets out a choked whimper. "Eurus! Bloody hell! Stop it, ohh, stop it this instant!" She tightens her hold instead. It's just too much to process for John. Was Eurus telling the truth? Did she really want him to have sex with her? Is she planning to
“NO! You will do no such thing, you sick bitch! If you so much as pluck her hair, it will be your neck that would be throttled. You understand?!”
"Don't behave like a child Sherlock, it's not a game where you just punish someone and get away with it."
wouldn't do. He wanted everything from John. He had suppressed his feelings for long but has realised from his previous missteps. He could make it better, he could make John love him, it's only a matter of some days.
John is almost achingly hard but he just doesn't have the guts to feel it. Instead, his neurons have been diverted to make sense of what Eurus just said.
Sherlock interjected- "Mycroft all I can deduce is she isn't moving to harm anyone of us- at least physically. Then why? To spend time with me? Fine, I can be alright with it. But if John threatens to move out because of her, I'm sorry you would have to break your deal with her."
Once done, she proceeds to sit on the side of the bed, starting to lazily pet John's hair, and waiting for the drugs to wear off. She had dosed the medicine to disperse the effects in a maximum of two hours so she thinks of just waiting and gazing at his would be lover. She is not like her brother, not a coward to attack John in his sleep, and anyway, wouldn't it be unjust not to let John enjoy too? More importantly, he also needs to acknowledge that he belongs to one of the best brains in the world.
"John, of course, you are free to stay at my place till we find a more permanent solution. As for the Holmeses, I think I have plan."
"Did Sherlock bloody Holmes QUIT? Quit over such an immaterial question? God, what planet have I switched to?"
"Yes sir. Dr. Watson has been seen in one of the footage heading towards Regent's Park, although it is unknown where he is exactly going. I have already dispatched one of the vehicles to get him but his screen time in the footage is a blink-and-miss. I have forwarded the video to your messenger. Thus, I do not wish to give you any false hopes. If you wish, you could drive the car parked bel-"
"I'm..I'm sorry John, but I just can't help it. I'm done with waiting. If I wait more, especially after seeing you like this, I'll be shattered. I want you John and I need you to love me too. Because I want you to be mine. I hate this confession to be like this, but I honestly was waiting for the right moment and then Eurus came in. Don't take her words lightly John, she means everything she wants to do to you and I know, because I feel the same way about you John"
It took a few minutes for Sherlock and Eurus to reach the destination.  As soon as they reached the pavement where they last saw their John on the camera footage, the car skidded to a stop and both of the siblings hurried out of the vehicle. Obviously, they found no John there but the duo started searching for clues in the area. They looked around the place, searched for hideout locations in the area, looked for some familiar faces, but to no avail. Eurus was looking in an alleyway down the street and Sherlock was looking around when the latter found a piece of cloth with blood covering the surface.
John gave him a suspicious nod and sat down on the sofa after lifting Rosie in his arms, rocking her from side to side to make her sleep. Mycroft did not request tea today which was -
"Oh, of course, Dr. Watson. She'd be delighted with your allowance and I will be dealing with the moving arrangements immediately. And that's my cue to leave. Take care both of you." The 'you will be needing it' remains unspoken.
Eurus discards her hand from John's hair and launches it to grope his with an unyielding grip through the trousers. She is relatively too strong for a woman and is now fondling his balls like a baby's chubby cheeks.
So it was Rosie and Sally both captured and it was all his fault. He knew, bloody well knew the plan was doomed and his life was doomed, but no. He had to fuck everything up and now two lives in danger. What was he thinking? He shouldn't have escaped. He should've waited enough to gain their trust and then fled with Rosie. But didn't they already abduct Rosie whilst they were under the impression that John was under drug induced sleep? Maybe they had planned on getting rid of her anyway. Christ. Panic was not helping him right then but what was he to do? He would never risk another life now- already knowing its vain.
I still mourn Mary now, but Rosie can't be deprived of a mother. And, I would like to start a family again you know? But We'll remain best of friends there's no second guessing that."
John lets out an utterly lecherous cry when Sherlock hits his sweet spot. Oh god no. Prostate is a highly sensitive place and he can't-
"My real reason to come here is to spend time with the two of you. I really like being around you two and minor visits at Sherrinford weren't enough. As about the change, yes I have." Wasn't it true? She did change. She never felt so deep for a man before. John changed her. Those 15 minute visits at the prison left such lasting impressions of him.
"Hello Eurus. How are you?" Sherlock sounded a bit uneasy. He had no reason to be uneasy, of course. He knew John had no interest in Eurus, almost hated her. Then why? Why was he so insecure with them standing so close by?
"Hmm, yes its John's. Our John's. But Sherlock, it still doesn't show anything. The blood can be used to calculate the time but we already know it."
She then bends down to press her lips onto John's, the kiss chaste at first, then sinks her teeth ever so slightly onto the man's bottom lip. After a couple of minutes, she backs away and moves out of the room only to return after five minutes or so along with a pair of handcuffs, some zip ties and a few rope string rolls.
Sherlock looses his color. He almost knows where she is going with this. But he has a plus point. John is a military man, he won't have a problem in-
"This is disgusting. Please, at least don't make your brother watch this. It must be humiliating for him as well."
Frankly, as long as Sherlock and Eurus are in check, and he gets both of them to solve cases for MI6, he is willing to carry out any procedures to stop John from absconding with his kinsmen's sanity in his hands. The doctor is an extraordinary man, no other person has managed to allure either of his siblings to such great heights, let alone two. Hell, he even managed to teach them to share! Not even mummy was able to do such a thing. It looks like the pair of them will indeed get to play together now.
Sherlock just ignores the accusations and slides another finger. He thrusts them in slowly but firmly up to the knuckles and starts scissoring his digits. It's not long when a third one joins them. All this while John's just cursing and wriggling and groaning in pain. He's tight, of course. He is tight as no one's ever taken him like this before. The thought makes Sherlock gleam ecstatically.
Sherlock had been observing the conversation rather quietly and thought that something was not in place. He couldn't put a finger on it. Still, he could welcome Eurus but only if John doesn't leave. He looked at John expectantly.
Eurus quirks an eyebrow and clearly likes how this conversation is going. "Will you now brother? You had a headstart of almost 5 years and yet you failed. I entered the field just recently and already progressing. I'll win Sherlock and you will see".
Sherlock most probably realised his victory, considering the fact that he was now hitting his prostate again and again and had a truimphant grin on his face.
Sherlock hung up the phone mid sentence and darted towards the door suggesting Eurus to follow and he checked the video he received before sitting in the car. He sat in the driver's seat, handing Rosie to Eurus and heading towards the place where his John was identified.
Opportunely, he knew all the hiding spots away from the cameras from working on cases with Sherlock. He almost waved his hand to hail a cab when he realised he neither had his wallet nor his phone.  He couldn't go to the flat and certainly not to a phone booth (his kidnapping initiated with phone booths after all).
"What I want to imply is that she wishes both of your company. If either of you denies, she will back out from the deal. If I were you John, I would say yes in an instant. Yes, unless you are afraid of a bit of unpredictability and aren't too keen on acting in the country's best interest."
Once he is stretched enough, Sherlock removes his fingers and kneels to position his ignored cock in line with John's entrance. He rims the perineum with his precum and thrusts forward into John's warmth, expecting a sharp yelp in response. But he says nothing, just takes it in and his face becomes unreadable which intrigues the taller man .
"Why do I need to care when I know my doctor is with me?". Sherlock flashed a  toothy smile which made John reciprocate equally.
"Like hell I do! You do not own me Eurus Holmes, please keep your sick mentality to yourself. First of all, I don't think you're serious and even if you are, you won't succeed. Mycroft and Sherlock would never let anything like that happen." He knows Sherlock wouldn't let anything like this happen to him, he has saved him numerous times.
“Three levels, three hostages. Veronica Thompson, Sally Donovan and Rosamund Watson, in that order. Now my pretty boy, I know you are far more intelligent than you let on, so I won’t make this entire thing
"WHAT?!", the detective nearly jumps out of his chair as he snarls, his body going into a defensive mode.
Unfortunately, he didn't have another second to think when he heard the front door open and a few pair of foots ran up the stairs. His mind went numb for while but then he thought about the window. Without wasting another moment, he sprinted towards it and jumped out of the window to directly land upon Mrs. Hudson's bins which were thankfully filled with trash, courtesy to Mrs. Turner so it didn't cause John any serious injuries besides temporary wobbling of legs. He got up and ducked under one of the entrance ceilings in time when one of the men in the flat scanned the roads, most probably for him, out of the window. It was still a bit dark outside and he glanced at one of the public clocks to check out the time. 5:26 AM. Public transport would be available and soon streets would be filled with people.
and not Eurus Holmes. He wondered just how much time they must have spent together for her to imbibe his speaking style and thought process.
Then he remembered, Sherlock keeps a pick lock set, just in the right groove made between the wall and the headboard. Just maybe, maybe luck is really on his side and it is still lodged there. He pulled on the strings (literally as well as figuratively) but it was too tight so he tried banging the board with his head. Three thuds and some giddiness later, the pick locks rattled and fell on his head. John could have cried out of happiness if he hadn't known that more pressing matters awaited him ahead. He bowed his head and picked up one of the sharpest tools by his teeth and begin scratching it against the rope threads. It took a long time and put excessive stress on his bad shoulder but anything was worth the freedom. Once the hands were open, he untangled the knots at the feet and bolted towards the door. He felt a sharp pain between his legs at the action and cursed Sherlock in every language he could.
It was indeed too hard to explain. Despite what Sherlock did, John couldn't come to really hate him. He was too angry at him and wanted to land some heavy handed punches to his face but he still blamed Sherlock's sociopathic insecurities and emotional misconceptions (due to lack of emotional experience, no doubt) instead of Sherlock himself. If John sees all of this through Sherlock's point of view, he did love John, in a weird sort of way.  John loved Sherlock too, in some way. He was sure he could make Sherlock see reason. Yes, that was it. But then what? There was Mycroft and Eurus both to take care of.
Whatever may be the case, the ball currently seemed to be in John's court. He examined his surrounding but could not find anything which could help him cut off the ropes. Damn Eurus! she took the scissors with her.
"Oh John, you make me so hard. I never knew my libido could reach such levels before you came along. It's not my fault you could not see my bulge through the belstaff every time I entered your private space."
Sherlock ran a quick deduction on the entirety of his sister. Since the conversation with Mycroft to Eurus' dress style to her body postures in reaction to John to her spoken words. Sherlock could not believe this. She was
Mycroft's face remained as impassive as ever but his voice dropped a pitch. "We have important matters to be discussed today."
John finally replied, "Are you sure it's safe? I mean, I can move out if she wants to stay with Sherlock. Hell, what will I be doing anyway in between two geniuses?"
“Now, now John, I do love your angry young man demeanour, but some manners would be appreciated. Oh, I do have some creative ways to teach you a lesson or two.” I even have bought a fully customized cock cage, my sweet. It has diamonds on it.”, she said in a sultry voice which made his ears bleed.
"Yes", he replied rather quicker than possible. It took all his energy to not throw her own sister outside the flat. But he knew if he did so, John would be terrified and maybe won't get back to Sherlock or Mycroft will make sure of that. Speaking of him, did he know? Of course he knew! Yet he let this happen which means if he needs a solution, he would have to work himself.
The detective faps himself before shifting John's legs upwards bent at the knees. Oh Lord, John's never felt this exposed before and despite knowing what's coming next, he can't help groaning as Sherlock roughly pushes his middle finger inside his arsehole, working him open.
John chucked lightly before opening the back door, waving at Sally one last time and disappearing into the streets.
"Uhm, it's clear Mycroft hasn't done anything. I'll sleep on the couch with Rosie. Eurus you can take my room." John says.
"Sgt. Donovan, wasting our time with this senseless conversation is not in your best interest. Tell us where you have instructed John to go or else we will find it out our way.", the female Holmes appeared as calm as a summer sea, save for the fact that there was a hurricane gleaming in her eyes underneath all the impassiveness, threatening to destroy whatever came in it's way. Sally was sure of it. Still, she was a woman of her word, and if everything went according to her plan, she might save both her and John's arses  - her's metaphorically, and John's literally. The stupid joke brought a faint tug at her lips but she internally cursed herself for it and apologised as if John were present at the moment.
"Really John? You know you can call me Eurus. Are we not that familiar yet? Well, we do have a lot of time to get close, don't we?"
Eurus spread her fingers and licked John's come from one of the fingers as she moved towards her brother. She then removed the said man's cloth gag and pressed her index finger to his lips. To John's sheer horror, Sherlock opened his mouth and took the entire finger in making a pleasing sound.
"John, John I don't think I'll be able to sleep properly today. Can you sleep in my room to take care of me? I'm sure Eurus is humane enough to not behave like a child and make you leave my paining feet untreated."
"What? Why?! Mycroft you cannot tell me you agreed to this. What did she offer you in return for this? And what is the reason for her to move here? Does she want to take revenge? Seven hells, I'm not staying in this flat with Rosie if she moves here. Please tell me this is a sick joke."
"I'm afraid she is. Please don't be scared of her. I assure you John, we can deal with this. Together. You won't leave me alone with her right?"
"Hush, John. It's okay take all the anger out. Let me help you relax." Sherlock moves to place a pillow beneath John, and then starts stroking his cheeks before placing a peck on his forehead. He then, moves to spot gentle kisses everywhere accessible on his face and moves his other hand to take John's now limp cock into his hand, pressing it tenderly.
"Yes sir. A car with five men will be reaching Baker Street in exactly four minutes from now. The best cipher door Iocks with two factor authentication for Flat B, foolproof hidden cameras to be installed at the requisite locations, an alarm system should any unauthorized person try to enter or exit, bulletproof window glasses, two lackeys placed near Speedy's constantly at your service and a set of software programs to keep a tab as well as provide restricted access to Dr.Watson's phone and laptop - have all been organized. It will take at most two hours to have everything assembled.
Another inadvertence on the tall bastard's side was just keeping the pick locks where they originally were. He had even taught John himself about how to use them if need be, after the Culverton case since that was when Sherlock was locked and John had to resort to tedious methods to enter the ICU. John could not help but sadly reminisce the good old days where he and Sherlock were such good friends, hell they were like family! Even after Mary died and John forgave him, things were almost going back on track. Almost. Then Eurus entered and ruined their lives. To be honest, John still couldn't come to blame Sherlock entirely and had this bothersome feeling that Eurus had somehow brainwashed Sherlock. But that was just some wishful thinking, of course. Didn't Sherlock confess not more than a few hours ago that he was planning on
Of course, Mycroft had correctly estimated the reactions he would extort from both of them. He had come with preparations, though.
"Yes John, I have not touched her, not yet. She is still sleeping in the living room." Eurus gave a simpering smile, as if stuck by a revelation. "Infact, her safety is in your hands John." Eurus pets his hair again but the doctor doesn't jerk away this time.
Sherlock has been patient. More patient than he ever has been. He has been the best man for the person he had meant to love, befriended and forgave Mary for what she did to him and is yet to touch John. He did all of this because he wanted John to be happy.
is he?" Oh, the look of pure anger on Sherlock's face almost made Sally jump out of terror. Years of exposure to his abrasive behaviour out on the crime scenes however,made her recover quickly.
When Sherlock had shoved the sleeping pill into his mouth (gently, but shoved nonetheless), John had hid the medicine below his tongue and feigned sleeping. Well, not exactly feigned because John still felt a bit dizzy as apparently the drug was too powerful to not affect at all. As soon as the lanky detective departed from the room, John spat it out in one swift blow from the mouth. He could not help but laugh at the irony that it was, in fact, Sherlock from whom he had learnt the trick. Whenever John used to nag at the detective, urging him to pop a paracetamol or two when he felt feverish, Sherlock simply used to stash it under his tongue until John was convinced and spew it out in a childish fit when he thought John wasn't looking. This is the very same reason John was so sure he wouldn't be able to fool Sherlock (A student can hardly beat the professor in his own game) that he couldn't believe his luck when Sherlock left the flat without another word.
So yes, Any place with the British government's incessant CCTV Cameras are to be avoided, the MET is out of question, and Harry's place would probably be under surveillance. Oh God! John would have to warn her sister too lest she gets stuck in this sick game as well. And Rosie! Sherlock would not harm her, would he? So many problems with no simple solution.
"If you would like, I can arrange her to move out of London at a short notice with a convincing reason. You would never hear from her or about her again."
you? To be honest, he still would have waited for John to move on and would have taken it slow, but now there is no time. If he doesn't do something quick, Eurus will seize John for herself and he will lose the most precious treasure he has, had or will ever have.
The two Holmes siblings had apparently locked the door to 221B and were headed to Mycroft's office in his non descript black sedan. Rosie had been handed over to one of the minions. Eurus had arranged a meeting with the eldest brother while Sherlock and John were making love, evidently an agenda set. Of course, they had a lot of arrangements to do unless they wanted to loose their John.
"John, tell me everything. I can't help you if you do not at least brief me about stuff." , Sgt. Sally Donovan was nothing if not competent as a police officer.
dared to even think that John could marry and settle with her. Just glancing at her details I can tell she is serious about her advancements and would not move without at least talking to John about it. She is infertile, being the reason for her divorce and hence is more than happy to accept Rosie as her child. It's also obvious that she knows about me and John seeing that she was a fan of his blog, yet she thought it was alright to just snatch John away from me. No, this Veronica Thompson needs to be taught a lesson
A slight tinge of jealousy evoke in Sherlock. It never occurred to him that Eurus could take interest in John. All her ministrations with John were to attract Sherlock's attention. She can't possibly happen to have interest, per se, in John. Can she?
"Just move me into Baker Street Mycroft. You would get what the British government wants and leave the plans of 'how to make John mine' with me."
"Welcome brother and sister mine. Please have a seat.", Mycroft spoke. Any ordinary person would have misunderstood his tone as being cold and detached, but geniuses knew better. Mycroft was trying his best to act as if he knew everything going on in the damn world but he was genuinely curious, amused and slightly in disbelief as to how the events unfolded themselves after Eurus' entry into the flat.
"Oh really? Then what the heck is this shite?" He jiggled a zip bag containing four rotten human-female fingers right across Sherlock's face. He must have forgotten that while cleaning up, somehow. Oh yes! He got a call from Lestrade informing him of a new case. That's how he forgot. Well, if forgetting it has earned him a delectable view of John's arse, he'd do it again.
Sherlock frowns. His eyes display confusion, then sadness, then anger and all of a sudden they brighten. Five point five seconds later, he smirks devilishly and starts thrusting again. "John, wouldn't I know when you are trying to throw me off? Nice tactic by the way, I was almost convinced. If I didn't know you better, I would have bought your acting."
John DID NOT want to get into the implication of that. Thankfully, Sherlock interrupted and John gave a sigh of relief.
"Relax, calm down John. Let me think alright?" Sally stood up to pace along the length of room. She had to fix it. Sally Donovan was a woman of substance and justice. John almost lost is freedom and dignity. She couldn't let Watson lose his daughter as well. If NSY was out of question, there had to be another way. She paced a little bit more and then an idea struck her mind.
The rest of the after was rather uneventful, in an anti-climactic way. Once John keyed into his room, he threw himself on the bed with his face down. He didn't even realise when he drifted off to sleep- this was the level of his exhaustion. He woke up after a few hours to look at the clock hanging above the TV set reading 4:18 PM. He was never one to sleep when he was tensed but the sex (
"Yes, I do understand you want to pass some valuable time with Sherlock. Why John though? You have never mentioned him specifically and e has nothing to do with you, does he?"
"Really Eurus, I swear I'll kill you. Stay away from John!" Sherlock can't remain silent, obviously.
When John his almost at edge, Sherlock retreats between his legs leaving his hand off John's cock which makes him whimper in distress. But he doesn't like what he expects next. Sherlock starts working to open up his own zippers to freed his cock which is almost as hard as John. The doctor is rather baffled at how Sherlock can manage to get so hard even without touching, that too twice in a night. Is it because of John or is it general?
"Sherlock, that's what sentiment does to you. John had told you he's moving on from her assassin wife, hadn't he? He just wanted to broach the subject sensitively to you given the bruise on his sense of morality to be too quick to move on after Mary's demise and so he hid it from you. But you couldn't deduce it. Yes he has greatly improved his acting skills and you can't tell he's upto something at one glance, but I can't believe you didn't even catch a hint."
“You can be so thick sometimes, dear. Fine. You want to know what I want? Well, you to be mine forever is what I want but seeing that you are so beautifully stoic, I’ll cut you some slack. I want you to play a game with us.”
"Sherlock, will you keep quiet for a while? As it is you're dull-witted enough to not observe that our John began seeing a woman "
