"Alright," Sherlock allows, wondering exactly when he became ‘an issue’.  "What did you want to talk to me about?"
John looks around, as if evaluating options and shrugs.  “Have you really given it a proper try?”
"And... Crispian, was it? Is he a cellist too?"
“Where are you?”
"If I'd been there, you would have got just as bored and pissed me off in the process."
Sulking perhaps? Sherlock chances a glance at John. He doesn't look disgruntled or long-suffering - two of his favourite expressions. He looks pensive and a little uncertain which seems strange. John has met his parents before so there's no need for him to feel uncomfortable about that. Perhaps it's the party that he has reservations about and he wouldn’t be alone in that. His family and father’s friends for an entire evening - it sounds tedious. But John is usually quite confident in such social situations.
Sherlock unselfconsciously shucks the ruined trunks and sits up to rummage through his posh, leather travel bag. John stifles another yawn and tries to look aware. Recovering a small bag , Sherlock unfolds it and reaches inside. It's not big enough for a kilt, which John manfully accepts, but tucks the idea away for later. Instead Sherlock pulls out barely a handful of material and, hooking it from a long, long, pale finger he holds it up in front of his phone for John to see.
As they drifted in the afterglow, John dozed, his last, ignored thought to wonder if he had locked the door behind him when he’d come back in or not?
Sherlock slides into his bed opposite and John has to look away, certain that he has longing all over his face. Being here, attending the party, hearing Sherlock play for his father - it seems to have cracked the shell that John tries to maintain around himself, behind which he keeps his feelings for Sherlock firmly locked away until, alone in his room at night, he can let them have free rein. And they do.
What if John
With the key in one hand and the lantern in the other, Sherlock is unable to return the touch. John’s hands are cold as they find skin that is not covered by his scarf and his fingers are pleasant against his suddenly overheated skin. This is no peck on the lips, there can be no ambiguity in the interpretation of John's intention. He intended to kiss Sherlock, and he is doing so with commitment and attention to detail that has Sherlock aching for more.
He falls asleep to the sound of John talking of a ship, the moon and a wedding guest.
John lifts the bauble from the box and tilts his head at Sherlock. He gives him the sweetest, most encouraging smile he can muster and holds it out for Sherlock to place. When his friend reaches for it, John makes certain that their hands touch again. He's deliberate about it this time and he watches for Sherlock's reaction cautiously. The man seems to freeze again, but perhaps made bold by John's overt behaviour, he withdraws his hand slowly, letting his little finger slide down the side of John's hand. This gesture should not flood John with the roaring optimism that it does, and as Sherlock keeps his eyes lowered when he turns to the tree, John cannot help the grin that bubbles up and refuses to be stifled.
Fiancé; it doesn't seem quite real. Having gone from feeling like an embarrassment to being Sherlock's one and only is making John a bit punchy. It's such a sharp about-face that his head is still spinning - or that might be the unorthodox proposal.
He began slowly, letting Sherlock adjust and once he had, and John had discovered just the right kind of stroke to make him shiver, he placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips and let go.
“Well, I can see you’re busy. I’ll see myself out, shall I?” Mycroft doesn’t wait for a response. “Goodbye, John. Please tell Sherlock that Mummy would appreciate a call when he has time.”
Stepping to John’s left, the persuasive git makes final adjustments to John’s positioning, then grasps the branch the swarm is attached to. With a swift snip, he severs the branch from the tree and gently lowers the bees into the box. Miraculously he seems to be right; the bees seem scarcely to notice their change in location.
“Since the day we met, love,” John admitted. “Now let me get a good look at those jeans on you, would you?”
He coats his fingers with the cool lube while Sherlock watches with a glitter of something both expectant and greedy in his grey eyes. John goes straight in with two fingers and Sherlock sighs and bites his lip. It is the work of seconds to find the bundle of nerves he is searching for. The muscles in Sherlock's belly and thighs twitch and tauten, and John leans down to smear kisses across his sternum and belly as the water recedes, before taking him softly into his mouth and sucking gently. John works with intense concentration - he knows the things that Sherlock likes, he knows the things that make him come in under a minute and he knows how close he can take it before he soothes and slows and makes his fiancé whine.
"Thanks," John says and opens the front cover to find Sherlock's unformed scrawl;
Reaching up to put his mug on the table, Sherlock lifted his hands to his hair and attempted his trademark ruffle, which uncovered a delicious hint of stomach and only had the result of making his curls even fluffier and less artful than ever. He looked about a million miles from the sharp-suited man who cut his way across the criminal underworld like a perfectly balanced, artisan crafted blade, as dangerous as he was beautiful. And only John got to see this – the innocence of him, the side of him that wasn’t afraid to be a little silly sometimes, the side that spoke carefully and smiled often and sought out kisses and whispered John’s name when they…
He seems as if he wants to say more but Sherlock turns his head away and Mycroft, after a few moments, takes it for the dismissal that it is.
“Yes, fine, don’t hurt yourself. Are you on your way home now?”
"Because she has had a phone for four years and has not texted me once in that time."
John is cooking.
"No," Sherlock licks his bottom lip and then catches it between his teeth. John can't decide if that is nerves finally beginning to show or if Sherlock knows that it drives John slightly crazy when he does it. "As I intimated earlier and you know how I hate to..."
For the first time today, John actually looks Sherlock in the eye. “Look…”
The smell of baking, which has been distracting him all afternoon with hints of sweetness and spice is stronger here outside Hudders’ door, but still not overwhelming – strange as it’s been creeping into the very furthest corners of their flat. For a former exotic dancer and a daytime television aficionado, Mrs Hudson does know her way around a kitchen, Great British Bake-Off not withstanding.
Sherlock drops the pad to the floor and stands up. John watches him with wary eyes as Sherlock reaches out his good hand in an obvious request. John’s gaze skims from his hand to his face and back, and it takes him way too long to accept and allow Sherlock to help him rise from the sofa and tow him gently towards his bedroom. His reluctance grows palpably when he realises where they are going, and it has to mean something that John doesn’t baulk and refuse as they cross the threshold.
John gets less than a second’s warning  - warm breath ghosting across his cheek – before Sherlock kisses him. It’s careful, gentle and little more than Sherlock’s lips placed against his own and lingering there. The tension rolling off Sherlock’s body is palpable; he’s almost vibrating with it.
"Did you find any mistletoe yet?"
“Yes, you should text Mary and tell her not to come to my parents’ house. Yes, we can still go if you wish.”
John listens to the sound of Sherlock’s voice and slowly the automatic fire and the cries of the injured recede. Now he can hear the wind and the hiss and clatter of rain as it comes in waves. Sherlock smells like fresh air and wet laundry and his hands are very long and slender, very pale, and the one in John’s hand is beginning to warm up finally.
He wipes a hand over his weary face, listens to the rasp of his stubble and closes his eyes.
Even so, Mycroft’s words won’t settle anywhere; they beat in time with his pulse and whisper on his breath when he exhales. John can’t focus on anything and drifts around their shared space, touching random items – the skull, the book Sherlock has left flopped open on the desk, the cushion from his chair.
“Afterwards, shall we go for a walk in the snow?”
Sherlock looks pained for a moment. “Football?” he guesses and looks a tiny bit pleased when John nods.
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” comes a chuckle from the other side of the room. John is still there, waiting for Sherlock’s explanation with patience and interest.
There, all that exists is howling darkness and nausea and
“How long will you be away then?”
“Ohhhh. In which case then the answer is a resounding yes, I do want to go for a walk in the snow with you. But first I’m honour bound to take grapes and dreadful paperback novels for my father.’”
John’s eyes close and he flops back against the sofa again, grunting quietly, presumably as his ribs complain. He wipes his palm over his face and rolls his head to the side to look at Sherlock directly.
"And?"
then, John?” Sherlock breathed as John’s shoulders came up against the back of the living quarters where a couple of bunks were curtained off from the kitchen and seating.
Pleasantries
"The only requirement of my office tonight is to hear you both declare that you are free to marry and that you wish to contract a marriage between you. These are the only legal obligations, so…”
finger – aay, aay, gee.”
It chirps and lights up before he has time to open his contacts. He swears when it makes him jump, but the flare of relief that Sherlock is texting him to ridicule his worries is short-lived when Mycroft’s name flashes up.
"The things I've been unpicking with the new therapist have come from way back, things I didn't even realise I was carrying around with me. I've got more work to do, but I wanted to start putting some things in order."
“Are you alright?” John asks quietly. “Don't tell me I’ve bloody broken you on top of everything else.”
His flatmate is pretty tight-lipped about it, but he’s heard some of the stories from those lost years. He’s even seen the memory of them in Sherlock’s eyes, a shadow, here and gone when he thinks he’s unobserved. John’s mind understands, recognises the brilliance and the bravery and the sacrifice. His heart is harder to convince. It has no patience for reason or logic – it only knows that it was broken and that it is a scar that it will always carry.
“We should have been. That,” Sherlock breathes. His throat and his head are aching with the effort of being articulate. “When we met. I saw…”
But a glance over his shoulder as he leaves the room shows him that Sherlock’s attention has wandered already as he cleans and replaces his violin gently in its case lined with crushed red velvet.
In the end it is the insistent and uncomfortable pulse of his dick that makes up his mind. He pushes his pyjamas off his hips, down to his knees and shuffles forward, forcing them further down his shins where he can reach back and pull them off altogether.
Most people would not have noticed the slight hesitation or that John had substituted another phrase for the one he'd almost said. Sherlock cannot be said to be
John is sure that Sherlock was about to say something when Mycroft blundered in and broke the spell. Something important. Perhaps it was related to the family traditions they were just discussing, but it didn't sound like it. Sherlock had been deliberating over what to say or how to say it, he'd been hesitant, and the fact that it had come right after the charged moment with their hands touching deliberately (and yes, John realises this makes his life sound like a Jane Austen plot), makes him think that it was something personal.
“Huh,” John mutters. Slightly bemused, he puts the papers back in a pile and puts the ashtray back on the top before leaving the room. There’s no sense in procrastinating any longer.
He should have acted sooner. He should have put his hand on Sherlock's arm and looked him in the eye and spoken the still evasive words that would have been everything he'd meant and left nothing unsaid. Who knew when or if there would be another chance like that one?
John clears his throat and he’s wearing the hesitant smile that means he knows that something is going on but hasn't actually caught the message yet.
If that’s not a word to deflate your aspirations he doesn’t know what is.
“Show off,” John growled.
"We always put it up on Christmas Eve. Mycroft and I were away at school until late December anyway. And, of course, as Mummy said,  father likes to have his birthday celebrated properly, without it becoming a seasonal party. "
John wants to stop and pick at that thread, to find the reason that Sherlock hadn't known that passion or friendship or love might make a difference to the way a person felt about sex, but that would take them off on a tangent, and now isn't the time - he has momentum and a talkative flatmate, a rarity not to be wasted. He makes a mental note to follow it up one day soon and continues.
Sighing as if John is the stupid one here, Sherlock speaks. "It's much more interesting to find out for myself and also more likely that I'll get an honest answer. Objects don't lie, John."
He has wracked his brain trying to pinpoint what it is that makes their relationship here differ from the one in his mind palace – what had been the moment their paths diverged and the different outcomes dictated? The question plagues him: what happened that would have made them so wary, to have them hide behind their friendship even though Sherlock is convinced that they could have so much more?
“Shut up?” John suggests. “If you think I’m sleeping anywhere but beside you tonight, then
John’s cock gives a feeble pulse as Sherlock’s eyes meet his. They are wide, his irises are a thin corona of grey around blown pupils and John can see a million questions and theories and ideas there along with excitement and tenderness.
John smells it cautiously. It’s got a distinctive scent that isn’t immediately sweet, much like the bramble honey. He bravely takes the spatula from the waiting madman and pops it into his mouth. It’s not sweet at all at first - it’s earthy and nutty and not at all what he was expecting.
With one final squeeze, John forces his hands to loosen and let go. His breath hitches as he steps back, while every instinct in him is telling him to
“Mrs Turner was most perturbed by your incoherent rambling and clearly didn’t recognise you. Her eyesight isn’t what it was and you were in the shadows, but it must have been quite worrying for a…”
And oh, god! He’s
It’s sublime. It is poetry. It is every perfect high note that Sherlock has ever played in John’s hearing. It’s the opening chord of the Bach piece he loves so much. It’s sunshine on his skin and the cool wash of deep blue shade at noon. It’s the seeping spread of a warm bath after a cold day. It’s the sweet burst of ripe peaches on his tongue and the tart creaminess of lemon gelato on his lips.
John moves very fast for a man whose blood alcohol level has recently been so high and who must have residual acetaldehyde toxicity symptoms and congeners like methanol still in the process of being metabolised.
“Sorry? Sherlock? Are you sure?” Mme Hudson seems genuinely perplexed. “That doesn’t sound like him at all.”
“Regrettably I only partially succeeded with my second charge, but my shortcomings in that regard have been extoled upon at length, I can assure you. His displeasure can be quite… inventive, although in this case I dare say that he had good reason. Which leads me back to my question, Dr Watson. How
“So are we done here?” John asked.
John thinks about a few laps of the park with sudden longing, but there are only so many things that he can let Sherlock get away with - only so many times he can back down and let Sherlock carry on running riot through what passes for order in his life.
The idiot merely pats the cushion onto the floor and takes a deep, weary breath.
The heat of Sherlock’s erection is like a brand against his own, and John’s soft groan is matched by Sherlock’s shuddering exhale.
His mouth is soft and reverent, then questing and demanding by turns as Sherlock learns what reduces John to incoherence, what makes him gasp, what makes his toes curl and what lifts him up onto the balls of his feet.
"John, I'm not..."
He can hear Sherlock dressing and getting ready and calls out to him, "You should go on down, our absence is going to be noted. We can't suddenly turn up together looking freshly bathed. People will guess what we've been doing."
Sherlock was a sensualist – a fact he kept firmly within their four walls. John had always thought his clothes were chosen for aesthetic reasons, but in truth he was more interested in the weave of the fabric than the colour, tailoring or label. John was surprised it took him so long to notice when all the evidence was in front of him – the high thread-count sheets, the silk dressing gowns, the ratty, old cotton t-shirt, washed-thin but gossamer soft. Sherlock’s coat that was fitted across his shoulders but flared out dramatically in a way that made John think that there were hidden weights in the hem. Even Sherlock’s disguises, like the drug addict ensemble he wore a little too convincingly, were chosen for the way they felt against his skin wherever possible.
Speaking of…
“You should ask him for a recital,” he suggests.
“Hi,” Sherlock answers, a feeling of fondness lodging itself behind his ribs rather than being stuffed away in the deepest reaches of Sherlock’s mind palace (in the dark cellar, in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet, stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door, saying ‘Beware of the Leopard,’ for some reason.)
Can’t John
John catches a glimpse of tall and slim, and turns to excuse himself from Molly who is fanning herself with a paper napkin but when he looks again, there is no trace of Sherlock.
Having taken a shower, dressed and put the kettle on, none of them done with quiet as a priority,  it isn’t until Sherlock begins stirring his tea that John walks carefully into the kitchen.
John has something he has to go and say.
Since then Sherlock has gleefully embraced all vocabulary related to their mutual pleasure. He peppers it into his speech while they are going at it, often taking John by surprise with the depth of his new knowledge and the filthy things he can express with a few simple vocabulary additions.
Sherlock snorts and rolls his eyes, reluctantly impressed by his cousin's acting skills.
“Is that what you’re looking for now? Having any luck?”
“John Watson, you cannot ask an old lady for help with sweets to woo your love and not expect to have to report on it later!” she scoffs.
"You found the place alright then?" John continues, then falters and looks away. He huffs a tiny, unhappy laugh. "Sorry. I've... I've forgotten how to talk to you."
Mummy seems oblivious to the mutual staring that, although intense, isn't making anything clearer to Sherlock at all. She begins to twitter about John needing a hat and gloves, about the weather and about how far they will need to walk tonight. And then about the church and Donald Donaldson who always insists on joining them but who couldn't carry a tune in a bucket (and where does she even get these outlandish phrases?) And on to about everyone meeting at the pub and singing on the green before they go to the old folks home and then door to door. And something about donkeys. And then she stops and Sherlock detects that the pause is there for him to make some kind of response.
"It's Valentine's Day?" Sherlock asks and John is just about to sound incredulous when he sees the quirk of his husband's lips and the lift of his eyebrow. He's brought the phone closer now and John can only see his head and shoulders.
There’s a scraping and a muttering outside that interrupts John’s introspection and his body overreacts to the surprise with a rush of adrenaline and the sickly taste of fear at the back of his throat. His hands trembling, John gets out of bed and crosses to the window, peering cautiously around the curtain as he tries to breathe calmly.
"If you had a flatmate who regularly went through your stuff, you wouldn't leave anything so incriminating as lube around either."
It can only be seconds, but it feels like hours before Mrs Hudson walks back into the room with a triumphant, “Found it!”
"Good - an even better reason to offer my help," John jokes. "I'll see you upstairs in a bit?"
Sherlock blinks at him, frozen for half a heartbeat before he rises to the challenge and pulls the instrument away from his shoulder. His silk robe ripples like cream stirred through black coffee, then settles as he gestures to the spot in front of him with his bow.
John swallows. “How long has he been here now?”
Sherlock smiles softly, huffs a gentle, self-deprecating chuckle and grabs John's hand. He doesn't even call him an idiot. It must be his wedding day.
“No, not lonely. Enjoying the peace and quiet mostly.”
He sides open the top drawer of Sherlock's dresser. Underwear one side, pyjama trousers the other. The pants are all black (stylish and classic and probably made of silk or something. John is not going to touch them to find out, thank you very much) but the pyjama bottoms are all old and soft, cotton and worn-thin flannel. The t-shirts too, look like the only thing between them and the bin is Sherlock's stubbornness.
“Your clothes are in the dryer but you’re welcome to take that stuff if you need to get back,” John offers. “Or you’re welcome to stay.” He doesn’t specify time parameters for that statement and Sherlock flicks him an interested glance and a tiny smile.
John feels completely out of his depth in this conversation, as if just when he thinks it’s getting more comprehensible it veers off into the weird and wonderful again. “Uh, yes,” he says slowly.
"People lie all the time,” Sherlock shrugs, waving one eloquent hand in John’s direction. “It's almost a biological imperative. They lie to others, they lie to themselves, they lie to make themselves look good and they lie to make themselves feel better. But objects, John, the detritus of a life lived! Objects are a repository of reason and  sentiment - if you know how to look at them and what questions to ask, the truth unfolds before you."
Opening an eye, it’s clear that the mad curls do, in fact, belong to Sherlock, so John closes his eye again and tries not to panic that he has very little clue exactly how they ended up like this. His muscles feel tight and overused, but not in a pleasant way. This is all adding up to something John has experienced a couple of times since Afghanistan and he recalls the impending storm from yesterday, and assumes that it triggered a PTSD episode. Normally he wakes from these in much less comforting circumstances than being warmly enveloped by reclusive, mysterious, dark haired men, but he’s not one to complain. His mind feels surprisingly clear other than the gap that occurs when he’s suffered an attack. It usually takes him around a day to feel fully reconnected to life, but clearly both he and Sherlock feel pretty connected right now.
“Dogs,” Sherlock insists. “Two of them.”
Hands follow the lines of shoulders giving up their warmth to the cool air in the room but neither of them stops to notice and their shivers are of discovery and anticipation when their explorations take them beyond faces and shoulders. John takes it slow, waiting for Sherlock to ease into each new touch, his skin still thrumming with tension with each new sensation. John marvels at his self-control, Sherlock waiting to be shown what is allowed and what is not. It’s so unlike him, John is intrigued and not a little concerned by Sherlock’s reticence.
But then if Sherlock
John yanks on the t-shirt a couple of times, then lets Sherlock have the damn thing with a huff of disgust. He's feeling exposed enough by Sherlock's (latest) attack on the sanctity of his room, without having to wrestle him for his own sodding t-shirt.
“This is nothing to do with…” John turns and seems surprised to find Sherlock only a step behind him. “Look, it doesn’t matter what you’ve deduced about me. Yes, I read to you in the hospital. Yes, I stayed with you, but none of that is relevant to this argument. We are talking about
He still thought he had the best of that deal.
Love - in the way that John means - has been something of a mystery to Sherlock for most of his life. He’d thought he had no need for it, deeming it time consuming, messy and inevitably doomed to fail. So when he and John had begun the strange dance that they have been engaging in all this time, Sherlock hadn't immediately recognised the symptoms in himself.  Still reeling from the novelty of having such a loyal and pragmatic friend, he'd assumed that the sensations he’d experienced when he was around John were a side effect of that friendship. Of course John had blown that theory out of the water the first night that he had returned Sherlock's direct, exhilarated gaze with one of his own, equally as direct but filled with intent.
“Well if you drive me to distraction in pyjamas and wild with the urge to mess you up when you’re in a suit, I’m only giving you more ways to make you irresistible to me.”
Sherlock only hesitates for a second before his tongue slips out and touches to the pad of John’s finger. He can’t help it, John groans a little and his cock throbs at the sight as with a quirked lip, Sherlock open up and sucks John’s whole finger into his mouth, circling it with his tongue more thoroughly than the tiny amount of fluid should warrant.
And Sherlock’s face does that rarest of things in which he goes soft and wide-eyed. He’s only seen it once or twice outside of their bed, but it takes John’s breath away every time.
John summons up a supportive smile from somewhere and grits his teeth. Just a few more minutes and all this will be over. He will be able to breathe again for the first time in months. He just needs to hang on for a few more…
“Oh, that’s terrible. That would explain the cane. So you’re here to recuperate then?”
John shrugs and nods - it’s as good an answer as any. He doesn’t feel the truth will satisfy Mme Hudson any more than it did his therapist or his sister, or indeed himself. He’s here because he has nowhere else to go and nothing else to do. Here he can avoid the well-meaning attentions of his sister, live rent-free in return for maintenance of the house and garden, and possibly stretch his meagre pension with whatever he can persuade to grow to eat here on the property. He speaks only the rudimentary French he learned at school and this is another reason he accepted his sister’s offer. Without having the necessary linguistic skills he imagines that he won’t be invited to many meals with sympathetic locals.
The bathroom door bangs shut and there is the unmistakable sound of someone being very poorly. Sherlock winces in sympathy and gathers kitchen paper and a bin bag, and proceeds to bag up the liver slice, gloves, the dissection pan and the stanchions of his meat bridge. He finds the anti-bacterial spray that John buys in bulk and cleans the table; deciding that the toast rack is collateral damage, he bags that too. And the washing-up scourer. And the butter.
Sherlock watches as John pulls Sherlock’s cushion further under his cheek and rolls onto his side, clearly settling to sleep.
“There was a Tube strike and all the taxis between here and Blackfriars were taken apparently,” Sherlock muttered venomously.
“Already done, John,” Sherlock assures him.
And now here he is, smiling dopily at his lover’s dad and they’re comparing notes on how infuriatingly adorable Sherlock can be. They both seem to realise this at the same time and their grins turn rueful.
He loves the feeling of being this close to Sherlock, of experiencing all of him. He loves the scratch of Sherlock's leg hairs against his calves and shins. He loves the way he can bury his nose in Sherlock's hair and feel surrounded by his scent. His cock is pressed against his fiancé's lower back and he couldn't stop the tiny, rutting twitches of his hips if he tried. John tips his head and presses a kiss to Sherlock's temple, eliciting a rumble of contentment. He reaches around and rubs his palms over Sherlock's almost hairless chest, making sure that his nails catch his nipples as they travel. He lets his fingers move lower when Sherlock rubs his own hands up and down John's shins distractedly. Sherlock's belly is trim and lightly muscled, and John fingers the trail of dark hair that begins at his navel and disappears beneath the water. Sherlock's cock is hard against his stomach and John can reach the silky head of it with this fingertips only, so he touches it softly with the pads of his fingers, tracing the shape of it under the water, pressing gently at the slit and making Sherlock heave a shuddering, contented breath.
Ending the call, John stalked over to a rather pink-cheeked, smug looking Sherlock. Stopping just short of him, he took his time to study the outfit in question from the shiny, chestnut leather of his riding boots and knee pads, via the snug, white jeans to the open-necked shirt, emblazoned with a team sponsor’s name and the number 4 on his chest. The deep vee of the collar highlighted the three moles on Sherlock’s pale neck that John secretly adored, and the short sleeves showed off his strongly muscled forearms.
“... don’t worry… it’s… it will be fine. I shouldn’t have… This is not your fault, okay? Sometimes when you’ve had a head injury it takes time for things to come back to you, I mean, for a person to start behaving normally.”
"Because I thought I could live that life. With you gone... " He snatches a breath in the cold air and purses his lips, preparing to continue. "With you gone, I thought I could learn to love her. Be a husband. Be happy."
“Do what?” John asks, his voice croaky and unused.
"It was fantastic, Sherlock. Beautiful. The others were very good, but they could have been anybody.  Yours meant something. I was watching your dad and he was so happy."
"I feel like a complete fraud being here with all these classical musical stars. Remind me why I'm here," John mutters.
John fiddles with a crease in the bed linens, his face tilted away from Sherlock. “He was insane, obsessed with you. He talked about you like he knew you, like he had been watching you for a long, long time. He knew things he shouldn’t have. He said I was your weakness, the key to your downfall…”
“Sex, John. Intercourse. That will be a new facet to our relationship. In that we haven’t yet…”
John nods to acknowledge that he has heard. "I already knew by then - knew that I had made a mistake. The first thing I felt when the sonographer told us was relief. I know how that sounds but… but I think Mary did too, to be honest. Neither of us had planned on children and I knew that with a baby I would have had no choice but to stay, whether I loved her or not."
Then Hugh is there with teetering white boxes for John to juggle while he fetches the car from where he parked it, and by the time they have defied physics and packed in more than can possibly be held by Hugh’s ancient Land Rover, John has pushed the uncomfortable thoughts to the side until he has time to talk himself out of his first conclusions.
“Oh yeah!” John sounds pleased and Sherlock hears the sound of him swapping ears with his phone, getting comfortable.
Sherlock slowly straightened up, stepped out of his ruined jeans and turned to John.  Stretching his back, he wrinkled up his nose reflecting that the change of posture had exacerbated the problem. He quirked a tiny smile.
He doesn’t knock and the door isn’t even fully closed as he pushes it open.
"Perhaps one day you will feel differently about them," Sherlock offers eventually, his cryptic words delivered in a voice more gentle than John is used to hearing.
Sherlock seems to realise that they are stood beneath the mistletoe at exactly that same moment that John does. They both look up, then at each other.
The line goes quiet and only John’s breathing lets Sherlock know that he hasn’t hung up.
how it was and pointedly put her coat on. “I’m off out for a couple of hours then,” she said, opening the door. “Will that be long enough?”
“Oh, no. I couldn’t. Let me give you the going rate for it,” John argues but Sherlock won’t have it.
John swallows and nods, sitting up straighter and squaring his shoulders.
Sherlock hums to let him know that he has heard and understood, even if he’s irritated that John is hanging on to excuses when none are required. He then unapologetically nuzzles his nose into John’s hair and closes his eyes. They might not go back to sleep, but Thursday is still days away and Sherlock wants to explore what affection he can before John decides that embraces and bed-sharing are not in the spirit of ‘waiting’ for some spurious date he’s picked at random.
but has no idea what a
This liver really is becoming a problem. It flops obscenely over his implements and refuses to cease wobbling in a most alarming manner with the slightest movement.
John puts his bag down and sits down on the bed that he has chosen. The Holmes's must have decorated since their son slept here - there's very little of the man he knows left in this tastefully bland room - a few books, a venerable teddy bear and some very random botanical and geological objects on a shelf, a music stand and a pile of sheet music by the window - nothing embarrassing that John might put to use as teasing material. It still gives him a pang when he remembers how long it took Sherlock to learn that teasing, when John was doing it, was something that came from affection and fondness and not an unkindness. It took the berk even longer to learn how to do it himself after a few spectacular misses.
“Whah?” John grunts.
“The think… thinking…
Breathless and boneless, they both slumped to the bed when the intensity had passed its peak. John had to make some swift adjustments to save himself from a nasty scrape from his jeans zip, and wiped his come-sticky hand on Sherlock’s sensitive groin in retaliation when he unwisely sniggered at him.
“Looking as good as you did in those jeans, I will buy you any number of normal person clothes. And you could never embarrass me, love – not that that is to be taken as a challenge, you understand… Sherlock? …Love?”
Flirting? Is that…flirting? Either John has had something more than red wine in his glass or Sherlock Holmes is getting playful with him – not that he probably realises that’s what he’s doing. The usual rules of human interaction don’t apply to Sherlock – they never have. And that’s made John’s life exponentially more complicated  - it’s confused him more than once, and he’s lost track of the number of times he’s had to clarify when one of his friend’s comments or actions has raised eyebrows.
John finds himself at the door, his presents and Sherlock’s safely in a carrier bag to take upstairs. Mrs Hudson indicates the mistletoe pinned above the threshold to her flat since he was in here earlier and pointedly presents her cheek for a kiss, which John is happy to oblige her with.
“Yesterday?” John echoes, all innocence and mild interest.
Hugh clearly agrees, turns to greet the florist, and waits while the man disappears into the back of the shop to fetch their order.
“Thank you,“ Sherlock whispers into his shoulder. “For… when you thought I was hurt – thank you for coming to me.”
"Well, there are a few things that made me... hope that he might find me to his taste, but most recently, it's the fact that he had one of my sleep shirts tucked under the pillow of his bed."
Sherlock pulls the phone away from his ear and checks the name on the caller ID again. No, no mistake. He would not have picked up the call if it hadn’t been for John’s name – he prefers to text.
AND thank you to everyone who has read, kudos-ed or commented on this story - it makes me so happy that people have enjoyed it. xxx
. He doesn't want to take advantage of an innocent or misunderstood moment - Sherlock is made of such contradictions and John has found that his assumptions have been wrong too many times to trust his instincts when it comes to the subject of his flatmate.
He turns his eyes on Sherlock. He has a notepad on the floor beside him on which he scribbles intermittent notes. Feeling fanciful, John thinks he can see the years they have spent together and apart and together again on Sherlock’s face. There was an unearthly quality to him when they first met – he was less jaded and more innocent, as bizarre as that might sound for a former drug addict and a gleeful wrangler of the most grisly crimes. Now there’s more in his face than four years might account for. There’s gravity and awareness and a flicker of self-doubt that was never there before. He brought it back from Serbia or wherever he was. Or he acquired it very soon after his return – a thought that makes John’s breath uneven.
Sherlock turns his head away, shaking it a little. His cracked rib complains as he shifts his shoulders and he holds his breath, waiting for the pain to pass. He hopes John’s won’t misinterpret this suspended quiet as something else.
John sighs. “Look, I r’member what you said that night, that first night, and I r’spect that and if it’s no then it’s no, but there’s no one like you, and if you’re it for me, then if it’s not you, it’s no one. But I r’lly think... Where was I going with this?”
John rolled his eyes and sighed to clear the lump in his throat, but Sherlock saw right through him as usual and his smile turned from something seductive into something so helplessly gentle it made John flood with warmth everywhere.
He runs as he hasn’t in months. The slush-covered roads are turning icy as the temperature drops, but the pavements are still blanketed in snow and John picks his path with grim determination, placing his feet as carefully as he can while keeping a pace he knows he can maintain over the distance. It’s a toss-up between speed and stability – he wants to sprint until his lungs and muscles scream, but the snow and his training take over. He slips once or twice, but he doesn’t let the fear of falling distract him. He has to be there to catch him this time.
"I'm all out of politeness for the evening," Sherlock replies tartly. He needs to think in order to mitigate the damage to his plans so far.
John has no idea what has got Sherlock in such a snit - his room is perfectly nice. Perhaps it's the fact that he's going to have to share with John that has him in such a state, although it's not as if they have never had to share before on cases where they have spent a night away from London. John shrugs - he seems to spend half his life these days wondering what is going on with his lanky, unpredictable flat mate. This outburst appears to be relatively low-key in that there's nothing exploding, no blood and no master criminals involved. Life is never dull when you live with the only consulting detective in the world.
A sudden, choking nausea rises and a pounding headache begins like a drum in the distance. Clenching his teeth together to prevent himself from vomiting, Sherlock pushes his ear harder against the wood, the better to hear.
"And this someone is a person you know well?" John's heart is beating a tattoo inside his chest and he can't quite believe his voice hasn't let him down yet.
“Very generous of you, John. He must be giddy with relief,” Sherlock offers, his timing off and his body stiff as if being impelled to remain still. He hasn’t even rolled his eyes at John’s populist choice of violin virtuoso.
In a couple of hours he's going to marry his best friend.
Sherlock stares at him over the top of the mirror and sighs - long, loud and very rudely.
Sherlock blinks a few times, then looks down and, sure enough, he has presented John with a plate on which there is  a flat, green nylon pot scourer, carefully smeared with butter.
Sherlock’s answering smirk was a bold if misguided move. Spreading his arms in a graceful but theatrical gesture, he made a slow turn, showing off the fit of his clothing. The sleepy, just-come sultriness of his eyes was almost as distracting as the pink tinge on his cheeks from John’s attentions.
He switches off all the lights on his way to his room, save only the one on the upper landing which gives enough illumination for night-time excursions without glaring in anyone's face.
His scarf back around his throat and his coat flung haphazardly across his shoulders, Sherlock is gone before John even gathers the necessary breath to apologise or call him out on the blatant lie he just told.
John takes off his coat and toes out of his shoes, leaving them abandoned by the wall. “Something soothing after a long, grey day,” John requests, fully expecting Sherlock to play something cacophonous, just to spite him.
Even in the jewellers picking out a ring for Mary, he was under no illusion that she was and would always be his second choice. In a world where Sherlock lived, John would never have even noticed her. But then Sherlock had returned and
“Go ahead.”
“Why do
John pops his plate and cup in the sink for later and grabs his jacket. As he walks into the hallway he passes a big ornate mirror and pauses. He showered this morning and brushed his teeth, but his hair is a little shaggy and his shirt has seen better days. He returns upstairs to his room and spends a minute changing into a smarter shirt and trying to comb his hair into something less obviously in need of a trim.
"Painkillers. In my bag in my room."
When John gets home he puts on the kettle and breaks the end off his bread. He slices it open and scrapes on a little butter, then smears a spoonful of the dark honey across the top. It’s creamy in texture and looks like red gold against the snowy white bread. He takes a bite, unable to wait for his tea to brew and closes his eyes as the sweetness bursts across his tongue like the dappled sunshine that warms the ground beneath a tree in leaf.
Briefly he glances across to John and finds him awake too, his eyes sleepy but bright. The shock of his regard and fear of discovery ought to take care of any physical reactions, yet they persist.  They share a quick smile and turn their gazes back to the shift and play of colours in the morning sky. Sherlock is grateful for the quiet moment, not quite composed enough to face the day yet.
"Maybe he can put it to use in a Hot Toddy if it's going to get as cold as they predict it will."
Sherlock’s head thumped back against the brick wall as John began to mouth at the root of his cock, kissing the cool skin of his balls and using his tongue to relearn the shape of him.
“It’s a mystery. It showed up in Geneva in the early 1960s and came very quietly into the possession of a certain member of a prominent British family who gave it to Uncle Rudy with whom he was on rather good terms, I understand. Sherlock inherited it from him. I never had any talent for it but my brother… well…” Mycroft sips his tea and gazes at the carpet. “ He tells people that this one is a forgery he got for a good price from a man he knows in Tottenham Court Road, if anyone asks him.”
Dimly, John realises that he’s standing here in only his boxer shorts but he doesn’t feel ashamed or discomforted by Sherlock’s sharp scrutiny. He never has. They only have one secret left between them now and John hopes that’s about to crumble too.
And here he is, warm and relaxed with a feeling that he used to be familiar with.
The corners of Sherlock’s lips twitch and his eyes shine a little. “As I have asserted before, they do little else. And why do I have to step back? You should step back.”
Sherlock returns his attention to the commonplace door that separates them from the landing, or whatever has taken its place. He has walked through this door hundreds of times, both in his mind and in Baker Street without thought and without incident, so why is he certain that to step through it now will be a terrible mistake?
Intrigued, he reaches out and lifts the Buckingham Palace ashtray off the top.
"Sounds lovely. I'll probably be out myself tonight," she says, admiring the undoubtedly expensive bouquet, "so don't worry about waking me." She winks at John and disappears back through her own door.
"So what happens next?" John asks when the quiet has stretched too long to be entirely comfortable.
“Sherlock…”
grins as they made themselves as presentable as possible.
“To which?” Sherlock asks after sucking in a long, slow breath.
For a moment Martha thinks that she’s pushed too far and that John will get that hard, tense look about the eyes and make his excuses. But he bites at his lip and looks at her intently, rubbing his knuckles over his thigh.
Sooner if possible.
Sherlock takes less than a second to deduce. “Mycroft.”
“That’s lovely,” John admits. “Really lovely. But what’s all this with a suit? If you’d told me it was a big celebration I would have… I dunno, worn something smart. Or bought something new. Or asked for advice, if it’s such a big deal.”
“Oh god,” Mme Hudson breathes, half amused and half horrified. She covers her cheek with her hand. She has clearly had dealings with the posh twit before.  “What has he done now?”
The wine really is very good indeed and Sherlock uncharacteristically accepts a second glass when Mrs Hudson presents them with plates of antipasti nibbles, adding garlic, oregano and basil to the already heady mix of scents. Combined with the fruit bouquet of the red it is beginning to smell like the best kind of Italian restaurant in the little sitting room.
“No… not as far as I know,” John interrupts, his confusion evident in his hesitation and head tilt.
Eyes seeming to glow in the dim light of the trailer, Sherlock hollowed his cheeks around John’s dick, then paused to catch his breath, working John’s foreskin over his glans before diving in again, greedily seeking out all traces of John’s flavour.
“A while? What is that? Can you be more precise?”
“You’re being ridiculous, you know,” Sherlock informs him quietly. He's appeared at his elbow as if by magic, his silver eyes gazing across the manicured gardens and cutting to the side to take in John’s reaction.
John doesn’t consciously tell his feet to bring him closer, but that’s where he is now. Looking down at Sherlock’s face, or what he can see of it; a pale eye peering out from behind his bent elbow, glittering – not with hatred or anger, but with hopelessness and resignation. He doesn’t move his arm, opting to hide most of his expression from John instead.
Sherlock gives John a rapid once over with a narrowed gaze. There are no game-changing insights, no evasions or sudden changes in his appearance or behaviours. No tricks to uncover. No breakthrough to make. This John knows no more than Sherlock does.
She ignored his smile, gave him a look that implied he was some kind of weirdo, and carried on her way.
The snow that’s been falling fitfully all day begins in earnest at 8 p.m., driving in a silent fury of flakes that John wouldn’t even have known about had he not been obsessively scanning the street every five minutes to check for a familiar outline stalking down the street.
The kitchen counter has been cleared of his equipment and is currently home to several knives, two chicken breasts, some frozen peas and a chopping board.
John chats with their London visitors for ten or fifteen minutes before he excuses himself with an offer of finding them drinks. Mycroft had disappeared once Mrs Hudson (who doesn't bother to hide her dislike for him) had arrived. Now John takes the long way around the perimeter of the party but still cannot get a line of sight on Sherlock.
What makes things even more painful is that John’s withdrawal is not consistent, which suggests that it is deliberate. Once or twice a day John will forget himself for a few minutes and something of their former closeness emerges; Sherlock can pinpoint the second John remembers each time – his shoulders go back, his chin rises and he takes a steadying breath before carefully, consciously disengaging again.
“Since you’ve been home? While you were recovering?”
“Do you… do you mean while you were in Critical Care?”
John waited for Steve to push open the door to the room and then followed him into the gloomiest, most untidy space he’d seen so far. All the windows had their blinds closed and the only light came from the monitor screen glow, a couple of angle-poise lamps and a set of fairy lights in the shape of chilli-peppers draped over a depressed rubber plant. Several heads appeared over the top of their individual screens, some had headphones on, while others just blinked at him. John got the distinct impression he’d seen something similar on a documentary about meerkats once. None of them smiled or tried to shake his hand though, which was a mercy.
he is.
Sherlock hums and uses a blunt probe to push the purpleish glob back across the dish where it came from.
"Had enough already?" Sherlock asks and it's an odd tone to his voice that makes John approach more carefully.
The caterers are just finishing the clearing down but they ignore him when he goes to sit in the armchair next to the range cooker. It doesn't take Mycroft very long to find him, of course. He wasn't hiding, so he need not look so triumphant when he spots him.
"So there I was with a ring, having a psychotic moment, and you're making fun of me and Mary's all 'that's him, isn't it?' and I..."
Sherlock nods, releasing the scent of John’s sweat and shampoo as his hair is disturbed.
“It’s over, okay? All finished,” John repeats like a mantra. “We’re fine. We’re fine.”
"Well, if you're sure," John sounds less than pleased with the plan, but Sherlock manages to steer him out of the room and with one last dark look at his grinning cousin, he firmly shuts the door.
Sherlock sighs and his face smoothes into a tiny, lopsided smile. “John Watson, what can I possibly have done to have so steadfast and constant a friend as you?”
He didn’t try to hide it when he finally shut (and
The speech is warm and well received and then, at Mycroft's prompting, everybody toasts the birthday boy and they all retire to a room at the opposite end of the house that John has not seen so far. It's a large sitting room, going by the sofas and side tables, but there is a baby grand piano in pride of place. A roaring fire at one end of the room is lit, giving the place a cosy warmth and a homely scent. John takes a seat on one of the sofas and Sherlock perches himself on the arm beside him leaving Crispian to sit on his other side once more.
Sherlock's heart plummets when he overhears John's praise of his cousin's playing. It's true - you could not criticise the performance. Crispian, for all his faults, is an acclaimed musician for a reason and John's words are no more than the truth. However it is the tone of John's voice that makes Sherlock taste ashes. That is the voice he uses to praise Sherlock when they are on cases - when he has been especially brilliant or quick or made connections that no one else could have. And the worst part is that Crispian deserves John's admiration - but Sherlock resents that that particular note in John’s voice isn't for him alone any more.
Oh, God!
at him and resumes his long-legged stalk back home.
It would probably be fine…
“What frien’s?”
“Sherlock?”
John holds up his hand, his eyes very wide and his eyebrows no longer actually visible, so far have they travelled above his hairline. “Wait, wait! I’m the love of
“Hmmm,” Sherlock agreed, dropping his head onto John’s shoulder. “Why be dull?”
Standing up, Sherlock’s eyes tracked him as John pulled off his own jumper and t-shirt before starting on his belt buckle. Sherlock’s tongue made a quick appearance, wetting his lips as John popped the button on his jeans, unzipped and worked them down his legs along with his pants. He stepped out of them and toed off his socks.
John smiles weakly. “No, I haven’t.”
In this silence Sherlock watches John’s hands and remembers how warm they are, how confident, and how they move unerringly to the most precise spot to make Sherlock shiver or gasp. He watches John’s lips until they drive him to distraction – having tasted them, having learned their shape and heat and the ways that John will nudge Sherlock’s own mouth open to kiss him more deeply makes him ache in a way that no amount of medication or sleep can touch.
John stilled Sherlock’s hands at the waistband of his jeans. “Not a chance until I’ve had time to fully… appreciate your arse in them, love.”
"Okay, how about this?” John offers. “We attend your parents’ party, shake some hands, drink some champagne, toast their anniversary, and when everybody's gone and the sun has gone down, we'll find a quiet corner, sign a piece of paper and share one more bottle with our friends, but as partners for life this time."
“He even had the case refitted to be blast resistant.” He taps it with a knuckle this time. “Kevlar and carbon fibre. Other than when having it restrung, he’s never let anyone play his violin before.”
“Just so.”
It’s intolerable. It’s an abomination. His mind is shattered; that which he has relied on as a refuge and an inexhaustible resource for so many years has dissolved into a chaos that he cannot even imagine the shape of. And what is worse, is that he has indulged his own unacknowledged desires by fleshing out in his mind the attraction which he has ignored for so long. His own predictability, the fact that he is suddenly at the mercy of all those qualities he has purported to deride, chokes him. His self-loathing seeks an outlet and when bitterness finds that pulling on his own hair doesn’t help, he spins towards the door, the
, slow and achingly pure.
Crispian's words have Sherlock as rattled as John seems to be and they echo in the corridors of Sherlock's mind palace, keeping him from the refuge he usually finds within the mental walls. His body does not betray him with its fidgeting but his brain is churning away anyway, making projections, analysing John's behaviours this evening, deconstructing his conversations to find alternate meanings - others might call it 'worrying' but Sherlock likes to think he has more control over his emotional responses than that. Or he used to.
Nothing is right.
, John reminds himself, fighting the urge to pin Sherlock down and take what he needs. He’s getting close already; dizzy with how fast this is happening.
Sherlock has his excuses all ready when he throws open the door to his old bedroom (no room at the local hostelries / he will sleep downstairs on the sofa (John will never make him do that) / all the other bedrooms are occupied or uninhabitable) but sadly they prove to be unnecessary. In place of his own comfortable double bed there are an obscene pair of twin beds, one pressed against either wall with six feet of non-John filled space between them.
John tries to school his face to show no surprise and only allows himself a small, modest smile. He’s not sure, but he wonders whether Sherlock actually meant to make quite such a sweeping statement. His friend’s eyes only flick once to seek John’s reaction before they settle back squarely on Crispian who seems suitably impressed by Sherlock’s ringing endorsement. Their staring match gives John a few seconds to calm the warm thrill in his belly and to remind himself that Sherlock doesn’t mean
“Subtle,” John smirked in return.
“For goodness sake, John! Hold still and let me get you out of that.”
“He chased a swarm of bees into my garden and stomped all over my prepared beds and seeds trying to catch them.”
The breath that Sherlock huffs cannot be called a laugh by any stretch. “You couldn’t be more wrong.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and turns back towards home and John.
“I heard. And this is going to come as a shock to you, dear, but you couldn’t be more wrong.” She rubs at a mark on the paintwork of the doorframe and rolls her eyes. “Love like that - it’s not over in a conversation or an argument. It’s not over after a month or a year or even after an unwise marriage. So, send him my best, when you see him.”
It's very difficult to build an argument when your very talented fiancé is making an assault on every single area of your body that lights you up like a Christmas tree - and so it is for John. Sherlock knows exactly the right spots and the right pressure and the right amount of suction to have John incoherent in the shortest possible time. John can only breathe and whisper endearments and praises when Sherlock is focussed like this. It's as if John has become his whole world; with the intensity of attention he usually spares only for particularly challenging cases, he moves across John's skin, connecting points and solving clues in an effort to slowly drive John to the edge of his control.
The head of Sherlock’s cock sprang eagerly from the confines of the denim, hard already, causing John to lick his lips and look askance at his boyfriend.
Resisting the urge to prompt John into a ‘goodbye’ with one of his own, Sherlock turns to go.
“Has it been that long already? It’s as if you never left. So, how are you and Sherlock getting along?”
Sherlock stares at him – stares at this man who is more important to him than he could possibly have predicted when first he met him in the lab at Barts.
"You were already that, one way or another," Sherlock says, stepping closer.
sorry, Sherlock. I’ve been dealing with it; you never noticed, and I thought I could keep it from you indefinitely. That we could carry on as we are and you would never need to know. And then bloody Bill started on about… No, no excuses. I was an idiot – that’s all.”
“And although I am, with ninety-eight per cent certainty, the man you were referring to, that is not the same as directing a declaration…”
"The caterers should have dealt with all that," Sherlock replies absently.
John nods, surprised to be getting the background information. Sherlock loves to talk about cases and forensics and any related scientific concept you care to mention, but he doesn't talk about himself when not in relation to one of the other topics. Feeling forgiven (although he still has no idea for what) John smiles.
For a minute or two, the only sound John can hear is the thunder of his heart pushing blood through his pulsing veins and his breathing settling. Slowly he becomes aware of the sound of the train, tinny and muffled through the mobile’s speaker. He finds his phone and picks it up with his clean hand. Sherlock's eyes are still open, watching him. The lamplight picks out his shape, blue shadows and amber lines.
A few sunny days later, and the papers were all declaring it an Indian summer. John was not going to complain as the leaves turned and began to fall without the usual accompanying drizzle and chilly mornings. It was mid-afternoon when he turned into Baker Street – his shift mercifully short that day. He wondered where Sherlock was and whether they still had time for a walk around Hyde Park before it got dark. Maybe they could grab an early dinner while they were out.
>>>>><<<<<
Sherlock calls his name and John shivers at the sensations swamping his nervous system. He opens bleary eyes to see Sherlock's equally sleepy gaze watching him, a smile playing around his bitten pink lips.
"How are you these days, Crispian? Sorted out the nocturnal enuresis now? Yes? Good! Have you perhaps noticed... the uh...?" He points to a corner of the large dining room and when his cousin politely turns to look, Sherlock slides into the chair that he had pulled out for himself.
“Sher-lock?”
John is a proud man and a complicated one. He doesn’t see himself as attracted to other men (although Sherlock has his own theories about that), he courts the attention of women, and gets it often enough. He’s never downhearted for long though, when his advances are spurned, he just moves onto the next pretty face or impressive set of breasts that crosses his path. John chats up women all the time without recourse to navel-gazing or self-loathing when he is unsuccessful. So this isn’t about Sherlock, this morning. This crisis of the heart is John’s apparently flexible sexuality, a fact he seems to have been unaware of and that Sherlock has been the unwitting catalyst for. Unless his attraction to men is something he actively ignores due to his own self-perception or internalised homophobia Sherlock’s only crime is that he possesses the wrong set of genitalia for John to be able to brush off the soul-baring of last night’s conversation.  (So, how fine is “It’s all fine,” John?)
John's eyebrows rise, through he really shouldn't be surprised after all this time. "And Molly?"
Sherlock had sounded truly sincere  - whatever it was he was going to say was important to him.
At first John's brain refuses to make sense of the image, but there really is no denying that what Sherlock has bought him is a tiny slice of white, satin material, festooned with ruby red hearts and it is hooked over Sherlock's finger by the red - is it ribbon or lace? - thongs that are attached to the miniscule garment at three points, making a silky pouch.
It’s particularly hard to ignore this morning. He can hear John breathing, he can smell the last vestiges of John’s deodorant and shampoo from yesterday mixed with the not unpleasant stale, sleepy warmth of him. If his plans hadn’t been disrupted, he would have had all this and more within hand’s reach, their bodies heating the blankets together - a shared safe space that Sherlock had been hoping to capitalise on.
He bends to recover the next trinket for Sherlock to hang, as he has remembered that John is here now. Sherlock stoops too, peering into the box. John likes the look of a clear bauble with holly leaves painted on the surface and reaches for it at exactly the same time as Sherlock does. Their hands touch and they both freeze.
As goodbyes go, he's had worse.
"If it were someone you simply met there, the library would not have been the important factor. You would have kept a napkin from a favourite coffee shop or some item more personal to her. The library card indicates that this relationship revolved around the building itself and as students commonly make use of a university library only as a last resort, I imagine that your visits there were to see her in her workplace rather than study dates. Obvious."
“But if you’re the love of my life, as I understand it, and I am the love of your life, then surely if we both want intimate relations, it should be simply a matter of discussing preferences and coming to a mutually agreed decision.”
John’s back arched and his breath stuttered as Sherlock pushed him closer and closer, taking him deep enough to make his eyes tear up, but when he looked up at John with damp eyelashes and a sparkle of that moisture in the corner of each John’s head thumped back against the bunks and he cursed as he came, releasing down Sherlock’s throat while he tried to remember not to fall over.
Hoping to post these chapters out every couple of days as they're ready.
“Please,” he says deliberately.
“After what the two of you have been through, I’d been so sure that things would have turned out differently. But he doesn’t come from the same world that you do, does he? I don’t suppose he ever had the opportunity to become who he wanted to be - he didn’t get to make up his own job and not worry about what others were saying about him. But, of course, you didn’t see him when you were gone. He was...”
As their strained smiles fade, John’s face gets that unfathomable look that indicates that he’s noticed that their interaction has gone beyond the invisible point John deems ‘far enough’. Or, perhaps he recognises that even a single word is still beyond his flatmate’s grasp, although he usually does better to hide the disappointment.
That brings John up short. Since when does Sherlock buy him clothes? The fact is that Sherlock has been quite scathing about John’s clothes although never in a nasty way, and clearly he has a much better eye, better taste and better connections than John’s furtive trips to M&S or Next. He wonders why Sherlock has suddenly taken an interest in what John wears. Is the great berk trying to spare his blushes by picking out clothes suitable for a Holmes family gathering for him without John having to cough up the kind of money that Sherlock spends? And what kind of a party
John realises he is going to need every single one of those ‘I love you’s that he’s been hoarding. Sherlock is pouring out a dozen or more in each pass of his bow.
Those brought on by the physical realities of his injuries are not the only changes produced by the explosion. The time he spent in his mind palace seems to have wrought some changes in Sherlock’s attitude. He’s told it’s quite normal for a person’s characteristics and indeed entire personalities to be altered by the injuries and the subsequent unresponsive, sedated state he experienced. He finds it hard to judge how significant such alterations might be, but he sometimes catches John’s surprised glances and understands this means there must be some noticeable deviation. Is it brought on by the injury or the revelations he’d had while sedated – and does it even matter which?
He has no recollection of doing so, but John has already got his hand inside his pyjama bottoms. At the first whisper of a touch, John realises that he is already much too far gone to mess around. He takes a firm grip on himself - there's no time to find lube or get more comfortable. The need to come thrums under his skin like static on a thundery day, demanding and imperative. Watching Sherlock come apart like that, so trusting and uninhibited is one of the sexiest things he has ever done - and that's saying something.
"It's very kind of you to come," Mycroft replies and John recognises the lack of archness in his tone, as rare as it is. "Our parents are always complaining that they rarely get to meet our friends."
With hindsight this was how Sherlock had stepped into the arena to face James Moriarty. It had been a contest that had cost him dearly - his liberty, what progress he had made with John  and, on several occasions, it had come sickeningly close to costing him his life. When Moriarty had backed him into a corner by blowing his own brains out, Sherlock had had to make a decision that a year earlier would have given him no qualms at all - leaving London and the life he had built there for himself. Lying to John on the phone - hearing the real emotion in his voice as he’d asked him to stop - hearing him shout - had persuaded Sherlock once and for all that he’d had a heart and the biggest part of it he had left shattered on the pavement outside Barts.
John dresses and leaves out a few other bits that Sherlock can choose from when he’s clean. He walks downstairs and starts some coffee and finds some of yesterday’s bread that will still be good for toast. His feet find the water on the floor where Sherlock must have sat up with him last night and he drops a couple of tea towels to soak it up and stop Sherlock from slipping on it. He’s moved again by the caring and empathy that he showed. Dinner and a few kisses (as excellent as they were) were hardly a long-term commitment from him, and the fact that he’d come running once the storm started, remembering John’s words and realising that he might need help was both generous and unlooked for.
"Everything," John replies immediately. He watches the ducks, disturbed from their rest by feather ruffling blasts of icy air. "Everything has changed. I've had time to think, and I recognised that I needed help. So I started therapy and it has already begun to make a difference in the way I see myself and the way I engage with peers and my wider environment."
than he already is – but it always captures John’s breath to watch him so transported. He plays effortlessly, eyes closed, and John wonders where Sherlock goes when the violin seems to take him. Perhaps there’s a music room in his Mind Palace, somewhere he can express the things he so ruthlessly represses in his dealings with the day-to-day, because his playing never lacks for emotion. Sorrow, hope, despair, triumph; John has heard them all and more spill from Sherlock’s fingers; unfettered and honest.
“I’m no great fan of the way your brother treats you either, but I listened to what he had to say,” John admits, his face an open book. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen him more humble, more careful about what you’d want him to say or keep from me. When we first got home from the hospital, he told me that you had a period as a child when you stopped talking for several months – he didn’t say why, and you don’t need to tell me, but… selective mutism is usually associated with anxiety. Do you think that this might be significant? Are you… I don’t know… experiencing something that might be preventing you from speaking, other than your aphasia?”
“You still shouldn’t be here, you know,” Sherlock murmurs, swallowing around the tightness in his throat
“As you should,” John says, in a mocking echo of his scolding voice. “You should tell me so.”
"Oh, yeah, okay." John is tired and that orgasm has just about knocked him out for the night, but Sherlock wants to show him a haggis or a kilt or something... actually a kilt might be fun.
“Hello.”
The next piece of paper is equally random - a note John barely remembers scribbling for Sherlock one day when he hadn't come home by the time John had gone off to work. It was nothing more than a quick ‘
“God, yeah! Yes! Your mouth!” Sherlock groaned in a broken whisper.
They sit in silence for a while. Neither of them moves to break the moment in time that they have carved for themselves. There’s more to be said, but John is adding some pieces that he hadn’t known about, changing things around in his head and coming up with a new angle to look at.
Mrs Hudson, the doyenne of selective hearing, completely ignores him.
“Sherlock, why didn’t you… what… what…” His eyes stray to the table. “What the fuck is that?”
John grins in return.
There’s a gusted sigh from behind him and a small, unhappy voice asks, “Sherlock, please look at me.”
Sherlock jumps onto the bed, walks across it, ignoring the pain from unhealed injuries and flooded by a new, breath-stealing ache. He puts himself between John and the bedroom door, his back hitting it harder than he had imagined. His body protests as it echoes the creak and shudder of the old wood.
He can’t say for how long and doesn’t even know
He takes another sip of his whiskey. “She was trying to adjust to a new path and a new name, and I was adjusting to a world without the man I loved.”
For John it will be the way Sherlock took his hand and led him into the circle of torches.
Only then did he recognise the ringing silence that followed his abandoned rant and realise that Sally’s widened eyes were focussed behind him, over his shoulder.
"Fine."
Sherlock rolls his eyes and gets up from the sofa, walking around John. “Fine,” he mutters.
jeans and a white shirt,” Sherlock breathed unevenly, his voice a scratchy rumble.
Sherlock continues to play as he replies. “Oh, come now. You don’t delete a classic, John. It’s one of the first things you learn to play.”
John would correct anyone who dared to hint that they were lovers - he would get quite nasty about it and more than once he'd had to be invited to take a walk by Lestrade or by Sherlock himself when John's overt reaction had made him too volatile. Sherlock had watched these outbursts with growing despair. He’d known that John had issues with his sexuality. He'd hoped that discretion and familiarity would have smoothed John's reactions but not only had John continued to take a chunk out of whoever dared to raise an eyebrow, he would also punish himself and Sherlock, retreating to his own room and censoring himself around Sherlock, withdrawing any hint of physical connection between them. It had become a cyclic routine. The high of a solved case, the tumble into bed, the perceived threat of being discovered and the imposition of an icy distance, until the next time. And the next. And the next.
Edging himself closer, Sherlock carefully lays himself down near John, who is having none of that. He drags several layers of blanket over them, so they are both covered and curled together quite comfortably. The fire isn’t throwing out as much heat as it was and the flat is cooling down accordingly. John’s cocoon is toasty, two duvets beneath them and several blankets above – it’s like building camps as a child. A wave of well-being and tiredness washes through him and he lets it tug him down closer to sleep.
John, would never have begun a conversation like this without Sherlock in his arms, his hands sliding through his hair, soothing the sting. His words would have been punctuated with squeezes and caresses, with kisses and pats, all kinds of physical reassurances that Sherlock would have scoffed at before he knew the intense contentment and strength that could come from such support.
John shakes his head and is quietly horrified by the swell of affection that swamps him as this impossible berk tries to worm his way out of admitting that he is feeling sentimental. That rule has never applied to John and they both know it.
Still, it’s only six hours since they both fell deeply asleep after a rather enthusiastic coupling. Sherlock doesn’t even remember the most cursory of wipe-downs after a spectacular orgasm courtesy of John Watson whose body accommodates Sherlock’s as if it was hand tailored to meet his exact specifications.
John is at the desk in the sitting room, tapping away at his laptop with his tongue between his teeth as he concentrates. The buffalo skull has fairy lights wrapped around its horns and they streak dreadful, clashing colours through John’s hair.  John and Mrs Hudson think that such things are ‘festive’ but Sherlock insists that they are gaudy and vulgar. Their landlady has been encouraging John in so-called ‘decorating’ for Christmas; hints of her handiwork are in the hideous knitted snowmen and moth-eaten robins which seem to have appeared on every available surface. There’s a glass of wine on the table beside John’s chair and a plate with a half-eaten mince pie which would explain the scent of baking that now pervades the flat.
"Sherlock?" John pops his head around the bedroom door and finds the madman half-dressed and investigating the silvering on the back of his (probably) antique mirror with a manicure set. The strangest thing about this is that John doesn't find it strange at all. Not anymore. He just carries on as if this is a normal thing to find your flatmate doing.
“And if I were to disappear again, leave you behind without a word? You would still love me?”
The man is a walking cliché; more British than the Queen, pompous, proud, condescending and entitled, Mycroft Holmes would have made a fabulous Bond villain. He probably couldn’t speak plainly if his very life depended on it.
The tree turns out to be huge and in need of some serious work before it can be safely wedged in the wooden barrel and brought into the sitting room. It takes two of them to carry it - no prizes for guessing who has a handy excuse not to participate. With Sherlock calling mocking instructions, John is quite glad when they reach the sitting room and finally get to drop the thing down in its spot near the fireplace. John straightens up and stretches hugely at which Sherlock stares quite openly, which is interesting and somewhat gratifying. When Crispian remains stooped over the barrel John assumes he has found something of interest , but a low groan forces him to make a quick adjustment in his thinking.
react when Sherlock’s elegant thighs twitch as he squeezes just right, when the circle of his fingers pauses at his corona before sweeping roughly over his glans in a way that makes his breath catch on a soft click at the back of his throat.
Mme Hudson casts a judgemental eye over the shelf of honeys he has lined up and raises her eyebrows at him. “Short of things to put on your toast in the morning, are you?”
As one of the women takes her place at the piano, an older man stands, wishes Mr Holmes a happy birthday, then sings something that  John has never heard of. It's clear that the man is a bit of a big deal and the swell of applause when he finishes and takes a small bow is heartfelt. There is a flautist and a harpist next playing something light and pretty that Sherlock tells him is Mozart. Even to John's untrained ear, the standard is dazzlingly high.
She picks up their cups and carries them to the sink to wash later. For now she puts on her coat and scarf, fetches her handbag and makes a mental list of what she will need for this evening.
Rejection was too costly and painful a possibility – Sherlock didn’t ‘do’ sex as far as John knew, but could John live without that connection if Sherlock’s brand of love was more cerebral than full contact?
He rolled his head, opened his fathomless eyes and quirked a lazy lopsided smile at John, openly palming the bulge in his trousers.
Smirking at their guilty expressions, John countered with a raised eyebrow and a glib comment.
do people do this? Get attached to a specific other and come to rely on them for their happiness? It’s so pedestrian and predictable and it pains him that despite his formidable intellect he is as susceptible to this as any other poor sap on the street. It’s intolerable.
“And where are these friends now?”
“Lube?”
Can’t he see that if Sherlock cannot have this,
"You kept them," John husks and has to clear his throat.
Sherlock watches that one land, and as John translates it into something he can react to, he observes the irritation and then the guilt that flares across his mobile, expressive face. His lips tighten as if preventing himself from speaking and he forces his expression back into something less raw. John’s tongue grazes his bottom lip and he nods once.
“I do, you know,” Sherlock admits to John’s navel.
her, and John had felt so confused, angry and betrayed that he’d carried on with their marriage plans.
Even now he has no idea how he made it through that day. Seeing Mary walk down the aisle towards him while Sherlock was already a warm, constant presence at his side had made him ache. Responding to guest’s congratulations, he barely understood now how hollow they had left him. And Sherlock’s speech had almost broken him.
Sherlock hesitates a moment too long before he responds and he sees the same reminiscences dim the enthusiasm in John's eyes.
"Had any interesting cases on?" The cleared throat and artificially bright tone mean that John has swerved away from his previous conversational course, and thank god! Sherlock came prepared for
Sadly there are no epiphanies to be had in the shower. John’s mind loops and spins as he tries to narrow it down and define his feelings for Sherlock, but he finds that they are something he has lived with for so long he can’t find the edges of them anymore, entwined as they are with John’s life after Afghanistan. He’s become such an essential part of John, and of how he sees himself, that even while he believed Sherlock to be dead, the definition of John’s life became the lack of Sherlock’s.
"I'm grateful, but I don't understand it," John murmurs.
“He’s okay? How’s your mum?”
“You know Hudders?” Holmes asks, slightly taken aback.
John can feel he is becoming dizzy, knows he is hyperventilating but cannot seem to do anything about it. The rain comes in waves, pounding and rattling against the windows while the wind shrieks and howls around the house. John puts his back to the wall and covers his mouth with his hand to stop the animalistic whines that he can’t keep behind his teeth. He slides down until he is sitting, crunched up in the corner of the kitchen, and closes his eyes.
“Excuse me?”  John begins sounding none too pleased.
Sherlock cannot imagine a world where John Watson would allow himself to sound so hollow or be dictated to in such a way, yet he seems in earnest. It would be easy, so easy to say yes, be friends, be flatmates, be lovers. But for Sherlock to make himself that vulnerable again, to allow the only person who has ever mattered that much, access to his work, his life, his heart…
"Pinch your nipple," John grits, the words coming out on a growl. His hand is sweating where he is holding the unyielding shape of his phone when he wants to be touching the cool, smooth skin of Sherlock's body, wants to be driving him out of his mind, wants to watch him fall apart. Sherlock's left hand slides over his belly and rubs the flat of his palm across his chest before plucking one peaked nipple between his thumb and forefinger.
John pours them both some coffee, butters his toast and spoons a little honey onto it. He takes a bite and gives Sherlock a blissful smile.
“Now, that would be excessive, wouldn’t it?” Mycroft runs a finger along the edge of the violin case. “I did offer to buy him one, once. An original had become unexpectedly and quietly…available, shall we say?”
John is with him, but can’t even say his name, just unintelligible sounds and splutters, and the feeling that he’s got a mouth full of seawater. Panic rises in him, always just below the surface as it is now, waiting for its next opportunity to rob him of reason.
He huffs a breath and guesses.  "Yes, of course, if it's for the donkeys," he agrees.
As he turns back toward the house he hears a vehicle slow, turn up the drive and stop outside. Rationally he knows that there is no threat but his mind has to send his pulse skyrocketing first and for a few seconds he is painfully and literally frozen with fear. His leg throbs and threatens to buckle under him and he has to force his breath to calm. With great determination he sets his feet on a path toward the sounds and when he eventually gets to the front  door there is a woman in a blue uniform standing beside a yellow van with
They find a table easily and order the chicken stew which the waiter tells them is the source of the delicious smell. John chooses a pint of the local brewery's IPA while Sherlock and Crispian both stick with sparkling water.
“Sorry, dear? I missed that.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock pondered, his larynx buzzing against John’s greedy lips. “You mentioned
“Well, female to start with,” John shrugged, warming to his subject.
“And how’s the rest of you?” he asks, lifting his head and looking at John with a gentle understanding that John is not quite ready for.
John is kissing the back of his sticky hand, sweeping his lips over the tendons and knuckles. He cradles Sherlock’s hand in both of his own, twining their fingers together.
"Use your imagination, I'm right here," John tells him.
“Then sleep,” he clarifies, his voice somewhat strangled.
Frowning in thought, Sherlock finally sets his bow and draws out the melody of
And the mistletoe hadn’t hurt, either.
John shakes his head and shrugs. He appears to be waging some sort of internal conflict - his body undermines him in myriad ways -hands, jaw, shoulders, stance.
"Superstitious nonsense," Sherlock gruffs.
Finally,
The need to come slams through him like a lightning bolt. Sherlock's eyes, Sherlock's mouth, Sherlock's 'just come' blush are too much - he can smell his shampoo on the pillow next to him and John groans aloud as a handful of short, rough pulls has him tipping over the edge and striping the inside of his pyjamas, his wrist and his groin with his release. He vaguely considers that he ought to be ashamed of coming so fast, but watching Sherlock take his own pleasure had him so keyed up, it was inevitable. He shudders through his climax, sharp and hard.
With a put upon sigh, Sherlock steps closer to Crispian and prepares to face the unpleasant task of stripping his cousin naked and helping him into the shower. The only thing that Sherlock can think of that would be more displeasing right now, would be if he knew that John was doing it. Reaching out a hand for Crispian's waistband Sherlock is shocked when his cousin slaps the hand away with a growled, "Keep your hands to yourself, you idiot."
Sherlock types with mock-solemnity and the moment passes allowing this strained quiet to settle upon them again. It feels brittle and artificial but neither of them seem to know how to move past it.
Thank you to everyone who has read the opener of this story. I'm very humbled by the reception it's getting.
He cracks an eye open and judges it to be a little before six a.m. from the subdued quality of the light filtering through the curtains. John keeps threatening to replace the thin, pale material with something ‘that actually keeps the room dark’. To be honest, Sherlock hadn’t really noticed. It’s all the same to him, he woke when woke and he slept when he had to.
“Right,” John muttered, dodging a delivery driver loaded with boxes. He put his phone on silent, stuck it in his pocket and zipped it shut. They weren’t really trainers he was wearing but the soles were rubbery and had some tread to them. Besides, it was only four or five streets.
John thinks, trying to second guess what Sherlock might deem appropriate. He has gone to all this trouble to find a way to make this what John wants, which makes his heart hitch a little. Despite the gesture, John wants this to be their decision but without the part where they talk round and round and confuse each other with their mutual desire to make the other happy. They've done it before, neither willing to be the one to decide, both wanting the other to have what they want.
John notices the possessive clause, but covers his delight with burying his nose in Sherlock’s mad hair as he settles himself closer to John’s body. He rests a hand on John’s belly and they both seem to notice the chill at the same time, so they thrash and wriggle the quilt out from beneath them and cover themselves.
With his free hand he went straight for the bulge in Sherlock’s jeans, palming it and cupping the shape of him through the denim. Sherlock pulled his mouth away to moan, and John, being a gentleman and knowing how stiff and unyielding new denim could be, wasted no time in unbuttoning Sherlock’s jeans. A button fly – a brilliant idea – less chance of unwanted zip damage to places too sensitive to contemplate.
So when Sherlock eases himself even closer to John in the grey dimness of the morning, adjusting his position carefully and quietly to make sure that he is exactly where he needs to be for the next stage of his plan, John’s lip twitch even as he wills his body not to betray him and let the world’s only consulting detective into the secret he’s been keeping these last few months; namely that he’s not even remotely…
"Yes, John," Sherlock concurs, and he can hear the bloody '
"Repeat yourself, yeah, yeah, I know. You said that you thought that the relationship you have with a potential sexual partner might be significant for you? Increase your satisfaction, I think you said."
, but lately it has come to mean
"Tell him," Crispian murmurs as John arrives at their table.
"I did! The first case… at Angelo’s. Remember?”
"You are making no sense!" Sherlock insists. If hell existed, he’s almost certain that this is what it would be like.Things he wants and can’t have presented as if they are possibilities. Things that he shouldn’t want, so close he can almost touch them.
John blinks and shuffles to the next piece. He only registers that it’s by a man called Bruch – the rest of the title fades into the background where Sherlock’s loopy scrawl records more detail.
“You’ve been watching too many dreadful romantic comedies,” Sherlock sniffs.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock’s assumed persona. “I’m just not convinced about your recent performance,
“You must do whatever makes you happy, John,” Sherlock says quietly. He was expecting to feel better about himself for doing ‘
He doesn’t want to go back to her.
, John."
"Yes, down the far end, by the birch trees," Hugh agrees. "It always was Sherlock's favourite part of the garden, and his favourite place to hide."
It’s been a good few years since London has had a snowfall this heavy or this sustained. John passes several minor road accidents and more blue flashing lights than he cares to see. The city’s drinkers, faced with the shock of the world turned to white at chucking-out time are making the most of it with several impromptu snowball fights breaking out and hoots of laughter as they attempt to remain standing despite their blood alcohol levels and the ice. John barely acknowledges them, only that he has to dodge around them if they are in his way.
"It was perfect, love. Thank you."
“More luck than judgement this time I’m afraid,” John shrugs. “If you could stop coming to the attention of criminal masterminds, that would help enormously.”
“Why would you care what my parents think of you?” Sherlock asks, dragging his thoughts back to the current conversation.
John's heart is filled with helium. It floats in his chest and bumps against his ribs, trying to soar. All the things he has kept down, all the words he has swallowed back - now they are free. And the feeling of relief at being finally able to speak the words from the last corner of his soul to Sherlock is intoxicating. To hear Sherlock doing the same thing, apparently... well, he's not one for tears, but it's a close run thing.
He can smell baked earth.
"Professionally, he was a cellist. He played with the Royal Philharmonic for many years, but he can turn his hand to many different instruments."
“I don’t know,” John says with a gravity that seems too great for the simple phrase.
Enter the right Holmes on a gust of winter wind.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at the obnoxious smirk that his cousin wears for his benefit. The man is a complete idiot and his subtle implication that this was Sherlock's plan to woo John is both insulting and largely correct.
Sherlock sighs through his nose and comes around to stand to face John, giving him no choice but to meet his steady gaze.
Picking his route as he goes, he chooses quieter roads, back streets and cut-throughs that Sherlock has led him down in the course of their work. It’s like the London that John knew before Afghanistan has been over-written - saturated with Sherlock Holmes and their adventures together. He’s always loved this city, but Sherlock has shown him another side to it; the extraordinary among the mundane, the hidden ways and the secrets that no one but they care to learn.
"Wait!" John orders and runs back to buy something ridiculously expensive but hopefully appropriate. Either way, it's better than turning up without a present for Sherlock's dad. He also shells out for a gift bag and waits impatiently while the cashier wraps the bottle in tissue paper and pops it in the bag.
. Sherlock had been reading it last week and left the book open beside his chair. He’d been trying to distract himself from boredom with a poem he has loved since a child.
John hummed around Sherlock’s cock while his fist stroked himself faster and faster, close to the head of his cock where the sensations were almost too much to bear. He made a guttural, sobbing sound low in his chest and Sherlock stroked uncoordinated fingers across the skin of John’s cheeks.
He shrugs into his coat with a quick, painful smile, loops his scarf around his neck and pulls on his gloves. It's ridiculous, but he feels better, more like himself. Now he looks like Sherlock Holmes - Consulting Detective again, recognisably a genius, high functioning sociopath with an attitude problem. No one would believe, looking at him now, that he could also be the man he was with John. Unguarded. Vulnerable.
“But first I have to tell you s’mething.”
"I know." Sherlock murmurs. "I love you too."
They squash themselves into the day room of the old folks home and sing a couple more classics to the residents, and John even knows the words to these, so he joins in earning himself a roll of Sherlock's eyes, which earns Sherlock a kick in the ankle which earns them both a raised eyebrow from Mycroft.
“I meant it, you know,” John asserts as Sherlock steers him over to the sofa. “You think I’m drunk, but… well, I
He hesitates long enough that palpable relief pours from John when he finally nods once.
"I think everyone is beginning to leave. It might be polite to be there as people go." Mycroft says, conversely taking the armchair opposite.
"You know what I mean. Go down and meet your parent’s guests, get people drinks and be polite. I'll be down in ten minutes. It will be less suspicious that way," John advises.
Now he knows what he is listening to, he begins to fill in the words when the beating of his heart and the waves overwhelm John’s narration. He feels closer to those words now, more removed from the safety of the sitting room and edging toward wherever John is reading to him. As long as he clings to that voice, he’ll be alright. It’s not time to go yet. He can linger here, between these two worlds, for some time more.
John’s voice is rough as he repeats the corresponding declaration. He has no concept of whether he has said the right words or not, his mind scattered and intensely focussed at the same time, but no one questions him.
Rubbing his cheek against the very obvious outline of Sherlock’s dick made a subtle rasping sound and Sherlock hummed in appreciation. The soft material was smooth against John’s open mouth as he nosed against Sherlock’s balls.
“It’s all fine.”
And if Sherlock will just come home, John will do his very best to find a way to reply to each and every piece.
The sun is finally above the horizon, and John can see that the sky is a fragile blue above the trees that sway in the wind. There's a real chill in the air too, and John closes and latches the window, picks up his book and sits on his bed to wait for Sherlock to be ready.
Lestrade nodded at him, and continued talking quietly to Anderson while Sherlock stood with his back to the door, his eyes scanning a gruesome array of photos spread across the table before him – close up shots of apparently random body parts.
John has one more night at 221B – the reprieve is over and his wife and his future await him. But tonight there is still time – to pretend, to forget and, yes, to play Sherlock at his own silly game and flirt.
“I’m a menace who has recently received a drenching on a cold winter’s night. Don’t you think you ought to check my core temperature, doctor?”
“Yes,” he said decisively after due contemplation.
John stands clumsily to greet him, clearly favouring his good leg. For one gut wrenching moment, Sherlock thinks he's going to reach out and shake him by the hand, like strangers, but he doesn't, just gestures to the chair opposite and waits for Sherlock to order a drink from the overly-attentive waiter and sit down before he retakes his own seat.
“Like?” Sherlock enquired, tipping his head slightly, and was it John’s imagination or had Sherlock’s voice dropped in register too, making him sound seductive and playful and…
"My preference," Sherlock answers quickly. "Then and now."
John doesn’t look surprised when Sherlock indicates that he’s going to bed, just asks if he needs any help. His shoulders drop as he gives Sherlock a quick wave before he shuts his bedroom door.
He may not have been born a genius, but neither had he been born yesterday. Sherlock? A trip to the countryside without a mystery to solve? Not likely! Surely it had to have been an eight at least to get him out of his beloved London!
"Well, feel free if it will make you feel better," Sherlock shrugs, utterly unconcerned.
“Brush my teeth. Have a shower,” John growls.
It's imperative that John remember that.
A shudder ran through them both and Sherlock pushed the fingers of his free hand into the short strands of John’s hair, anchoring him in place as he began to thrust lightly in time with John’s rhythm. John hummed approval as his eyes slid shut giving control over to Sherlock who seamlessly took up their pace, his hips rolling and his hands fisting in John’s hair as he chased his completion.
Sherlock looks unconvinced, as if he's wanting to say something but uncertain of the reception it will get. Unable to meet this penetrating scrutiny, John sets his gaze on Sherlock's left shoulder.
John agrees that it is sad but doesn’t tell Mme Hudson that he cannot find it in him to fault Clara for calling it a day knowing how his sister gets when she’s drunk. In some ways he’s amazed that she stuck it out for as long as she did. He hopes that his sister’s marriage might deflect the direction of the conversation but Mme Hudson is tenacious.
Sherlock can’t help it; he chuckles as he leads John up the two steps and through the front door.
He needs to get this under control. It’s one of the reasons that he has agreed to the set-up this weekend. If he’s honest, he can admit that Sherlock hasn’t needed him here for weeks now. The man seems to have more lives than the proverbial cat, and although he’ll always have the scar and some decreased cardiac capacity, he’s made a good recovery. But John has resisted getting in touch with Mary other than terse text messages, knowing deep down that his motives are more to do with his feelings for Sherlock than his feelings for Mary.
So Sherlock has riffled through John's room - but not for a case, not as an experiment, not because there is anything to be gained by doing so, but because he genuinely wants to know things about John. Perhaps that's how John should be looking at this. He has the detective's friendship and his attention - what might one deduce from his wanting more from John than from any other acquaintance he has?
John smiles against his mouth when Sherlock pulls back a little to hum against his lips.
“Ah,” Sherlock smiled, “so I am the object of your downfall.”
A ripple of enthusiastic applause goes through the group who break into excited chattering. There's a pop of champagne corks being launched into the trees and still Sherlock is kissing him. It's gentle, no more than a soft pressure as they breathe together and then their friends are surrounding them, shaking their hands and pressing flutes of cold, sparkling wine on them. The first stars are brightening above them, only just visible over the golden light of the flares. It's such a simple setting, but utterly perfect and completely magical. John can't believe that the romantic in his husband has come to the fore to create this for them.
the desired outcome of this scenario?
“Oh, no! February 2010,” he explains noting that John’s colour really is remarkable now – a violent fuchsia on the apple of his cheeks and an unpleasant olive around his mouth and eyes.
John has always known he’s not really in Sherlock’s league. He can keep up with him physically and to some extent mentally, but for all that they do love each other, John is under no illusion that a guy like him would ever normally get someone like Sherlock. He’s not exactly been waiting for the other shoe to drop, his self-esteem is not that shaky, but on occasion it comes back to haunt him. He’s seen the looks he gets sometimes when Sherlock introduces John as his partner - a lift of an eyebrow or a slightly confused smile before they shake hands. He doesn’t even blame them - it took him quite some time to believe it himself. He’s short and greying and ordinary, and Sherlock… is Sherlock.
"And when was the last time he told you that?"
“What do you mean?” He keeps his hands on Sherlock’s waist, stroking circles through his t-shirt with his thumbs.
"I think we are pretty much done, aren't we?" John asks, inspecting his fingers for holly pricks.
He says nothing, but picks up his cane from the corner of the bench where he’d hung it.
he’d said,
“Just tell me what’s going on. What is all this?" John cannot avoid this now, so, as is his habit, he wants it out in the open. A quick, clean incision rather than guesswork and assumptions. "You have never, in all the years I have known you, been to a family gathering before. What is so special about this one that we are here at all?”
He spots the butter at the end of the table and grabs behind him for the knife, calmly spreading a cautious amount and putting it in front of John.
He has no recollection of how he got here.
The image attached to the cutting is of Sherlock and him, John unwittingly looking straight into the lens while Sherlock's head was turned towards him, watching. An odd choice, John thinks. Sherlock is something of a minor celebrity now. Gone are the days when he used to have to go looking for cases to occupy him. Now they come to him - some through Lestrade and the Met, but others from people who have heard his name and who value the discreet input of an agency other than the police. Many of them are too dull for Sherlock to even reply to, but he has taken a few that have led to his name being passed on by those in the know.
“Shame,” John pondered. “You’d look fucking amazing in just a pair of jeans and a white shirt. Like a photo shoot for some posh French aftershave that I probably don’t pronounce right.”
“Mary wants to try again and I suppose I… Sherlock says…”
"No, I just felt the need for some fresh air," Sherlock admits. He doesn't add that there were too many idiot relatives chatting up his best friend, but he hopes it's thoroughly implied.
"But then there was you, and you seemed to want to put yourself between me and the things that tried to hurt my balance, so I didn't need to be safe anymore. I had you for that. So I began to lower my defences and there you were each time, coming up to meet me and match my tentative overtures with enthusiasm and reciprocation. And then one day, I woke up and we were already here. Loving and being loved in return."
The game, apparently, was on.
The downstairs flat has undergone something of a sudden transformation and it appears that no festive cliché has been left untapped. There’s a real tree, small but carefully decorated in pride of place adding to the evocative scents. Holly and ivy creep from behind every picture frame and knick-knack, and candles are lit against December’s early evening gloom in groups of twos and threes. Quiet instrumental music plays in the background – a melody he can’t quite pin down before he is requested to help by John who wants him to unload their gifts to join the small collection already beneath the tree (a book, an item of clothing, another book, a CD, something in a gift box providing too little data to predict…) In short it is unashamedly festive in a way most uncharacteristic of a person who is leaving to spend Christmas in Northamptonshire in the morning.
"Of course you have," he says defensively. "When I need to move within the homeless network, I wear jeans. You've seen me do so a number of times."
“Let me look at you,” John murmured, pulling back far enough to run his eyes from Sherlock’s fluffy head to his Converse, lingering over the length of his thighs and the pale expanse of throat revealed by the baggy, over large tee shirt. The poorly fitting, high street clothing was such a different look from Sherlock’s normal sharp style and it somehow made him look about a decade younger, all big, innocent eyes, long fingers and huge feet. John felt a little creepy for being so turned on at Sherlock’s apparent youthfulness, but one look at his face and the shadow of a smirk that played on his boyfriend’s pink lips reassured him that this was indeed the brilliant, mercurial madman he adored – and that Sherlock already knew of John’s attraction. There was no point in trying to hide anything from him.
Sherlock has been silently perusing his mind palace for over forty minutes now. At least John assumes he's in there. It doesn't seem like  he's asleep  with all the frowns and mutters, and his closed eyes flicking from side to side as he thinks. Maybe John's broken him. Could it be that after all Sherlock has - all that they have
"Ah, here you are!" Crispian's voice is full of false surprise and bonhomie and about as welcome as a particularly unpleasant dose of norovirus. The horrible little sneak has been spying on them and has deliberately chosen this perfect moment to announce his presence, Sherlock is convinced of it.
He traces his fingers across John’s hip, too firm to tickle but too light to rouse the duplicitous doctor, if he is indeed in a state of semi-slumber.
“Shall I just..?” John offers, but the sprightly old bird stoops to pick them up despite her ‘tricky’ hip before he can shift his cane to his other hand. John gestures at the door and the keys in a manner he hopes isn’t too impatient, but Mme Hudson is already clattering through the collection again.
A new day and a new world order for our favourite pair of idiots.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
John types with a sinking feeling as he mentally reviews the contents of his suitcase knowing that it is never going to come up with something acceptable when even Sherlock is questioning his own sartorial choices.
Sherlock doesn't really know what he can say to that and he bites his lip as John looks around. There's a bench further up the path that faces out over the lake. It's too cold really to be sitting around outside, but Sherlock really needs the feeling of space around him right now; it's a primitive instinct and a powerful one - the need for a clear escape should he need it.
John is just dozing off with the latest Peter May novel tipped onto his chest when his phone chirps. It's a facetime call alert from Sherlock, and John is smiling as he swipes to accept the call.
John manages to keep him in sight for the sweet, funny speech that Hugh gives to thank everyone for coming and to honour his wife and their happy marriage because both Mycroft and Sherlock are standing with their parents at the time, but with nothing but a wink as the applause starts, he is sucked back into the crowd and away from John immediately afterwards.
He’s been an idiot.
"Boring," Sherlock mutters morosely.
Without his phone or his notepad Sherlock is gambling a lot on this move. John’s body-language shrieks of discomfort – hard shoulders, rigid posture and the flex and close of his hand.
Sherlock became limp, only his grip on the headboard of the bed stopping him from falling and John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s trim waist and held them both up as he felt himself begin to flood Sherlock, pulse after pent-up pulse of it as it poured into his body and out of John’s.
Her eyes slide away from John’s and he feels a trickle of cold discomfort run down his spine.
Sherlock just sniffs and shrugs when John throws his hands up and rolls his eyes heavenward.
Control leaves his grasp so fast he barely has the sense to stay standing, but Sherlock locks his arms behind John’s thighs and he curls down over Sherlock’s shoulders and back; cool creamy skin and shifting muscle, and the scent of him is everywhere and everything.
name was Nathan. He was my first boyfriend."
He double times it back to the car and chucks himself back into his seat with a scowl. The driver slides back into the traffic without a fuss while Sherlock ignores him.
By just after midday, Sherlock is thoroughly bored of decorating. And of Crispian and his insipid attempts to converse with John.
After all, what were a little discomfort and an awkward angle between friends? And when the payoff would be Sherlock’s spectacular arse in tight, dark denim, just waiting for John to ease them off his hips and sink deep, there was no contest at all. The jeans stayed.
That’s too big a question for Sherlock’s current level of communication and he struggles to find a way to explain to John.
At this time of night he knows that the gates on this side will be locked so he runs around to the King George V entrance. Light spills through the glass doors but most of them are locked and there’s no one at the reception desk. A security guard intercepts him as he finally finds the right door and tries to push his way inside.
Breakfast at Tiffany’s melts away but before John can gently protest, Sherlock has replaced it with a lullaby. John thinks it might be Brahms’ – it’s the famous one, whoever it’s by. He knows he looks knackered and winter pale but he doesn’t need it rubbed in. John sends a fond, if exasperated look at his flatmate whose lifted eyebrows and curled lip are the picture of innocence. With half a shrug Sherlock shifts his fingers again and draws a simple, familiar melody out for his amusement.
Sherlock nods and looks away and John wonders if he actually understands, if he’s known that kind of tension himself.
"Are you okay?" John asks, concerned. He places a gentle hand on Crispian's back and bends down to look him in the eye.
>>><<<
“What do you mean?” Sherlock demands.
When the corridor swoops slowly in front of his eyes, he stops explaining and concentrates on putting as many turns and swing doors as he can between him and the guard while breathing deeply and slowly. He doesn’t really know this part of the hospital - it’s changed a hell of a lot since he trained here  - he’s said that before, it seems familiar - but these days he only gets to see the labs and the morgue.
Of course, this room is also a comprehensive catalogue of Dr John Hamish Watson, RAMC (Rtd); the bullet holes in the wall hold the memories of every time John has carried or used his gun, the skull contains instances of John’s medical skills, the paperback by John’s chair is a bibliography of everything he’s read as far as Sherlock is aware, his violin bow is a list of everything he has ever played for John and how it was received, the cushion on his chair records his family background and his RAMC mug, steaming on the table is all Sherlock knows of John’s military history. Almost every item in this room is an aide-memoire for some aspect of John. There’s a lot to save as he and John combine their lives and each new snippet of information is eagerly captured, pored over and carefully filed away for future reference.
The sky continues to light up and every so often there’s another larger strike that’s closer again.
"Is this something you have had before?"
They slumped into a tangle of limbs and stickiness which neither seemed in any hurry to resolve. Sherlock found the dexterity to angle them so they could kiss and breathe each other’s breaths. Eventually John recalled that he had a handkerchief in his breast pocket which they duly ruined, trying to get the worst of John’s come off Sherlock’s jeans and Sherlock’s come off John’s face and tie. They hissed and giggled, each blaming the other for their terrible aim, gradually calming with soft words and gentle touches.
He took Sherlock by the hips as he stood before him and placed a soft, wet, sucking kiss to the tip of his cock where it bobbed tantalisingly at mouth height. John eased Sherlock around so he faced away from him and, pushing the jumper up his back a little, licked a broad stripe across the top of his bum, blowing gently as the saliva cooled to bring up goose pimples beneath the tiny soft hairs in the small of his back.
If only Broca’s aphasia – a fancy name for being able to pronounce things quite normally but not being able to connect thoughts into words – was his only remaining problem. His difficulties are compounded by feeling stunned, tongue-tied, unsafe even when he’s just trying to organise thoughts inside his head without daring to verbalise them. He’s beset by the fear that at any given moment his words will scatter like birds frightened to flight. Sometimes, they’re not there at all. And while he’s not a doctor, he knows that’s not a typical consequence of getting one’s head knocked about a bit. That’s not how traumatic aphasia works; there has to be more to it.
“You gave me back me,” John answers simply.
Sherlock didn’t pull back, but murmured the words between kisses, licks and flirty glances. “We’ll tell them that you’re my team’s sponsor and that I am renegotiating my spot in your starting line up this season. You do look particularly… persuadable in that shirt, John.”
“Yeah, well, I appreciate it,” John tells him, feeling warmed at the concern and frankly thrilled at the admission that Sherlock was thinking about him. “I guess you got a bit more than you bargained for.”
"John," Sherlock begins, but John shakes his head again.
The sun is beginning to set, arcing down behind the trees when people start saying their goodbyes. John has chatted with Molly some more, met Charles Holmes - Molly's right, he is nice and he has a few tales to tell about Sherlock growing up that John can't wait to verify with the man himself. He and Greg spent a good hour talking shop and seeing if they could spot the relatives among the diverse crowd. Mycroft came and joined them and much to John's surprise, turned out to be rather good company when he wasn't being the British Government or a big brother in both senses of the phrase.
silence too. This is a piece of puzzle he hadn’t even known about, but now he does, he needs it immediately; why is John so uncomfortable suddenly?
“Why are you telling me this now? Just get a cab and come home. You can tell me when you get here.”
Ah, yes.
remains unsaid but is understood by both of them.
John has heard the others come in from supper, go and get changed and head back out to mass, the bell from the church tolling its single chime, calling the faithful from their cosy homes out into the cold one more time to celebrate. The family hadn't come looking for them and John hadn't revealed where he and the madman were.
Sherlock smiles, an old habit that he really should have anticipated and corrected for before arriving but the reflected smile and the relief on John's face is familiar and uplifting. His shoulders lower, his hands relax and his breathing deepens, while Sherlock refuses to acknowledge the same physiological symptoms in himself.
“Sherlock! What are you doing? You should be with him! Why are you here? I can’t believe you stayed here when your dad is…”
Is it possible? Could he have had the cases and the near-misses and the companionship
There’s a sniff and a groan - John rising from kneeling beside the toilet, and the sound of the flush.
“That’s okay. It’s fine, it was a long shot anyway. I… I just wanted you to know how much I regret what happened… well, you get the idea,” John says, and Sherlock realises that some time has passed. The sky has darkened further and any warmth that was in the day has fled with the setting sun.
“Last night? The nightmares?” John asks carefully.
Sitting bolt upright in his chair, his hands poised over his keyboard, his glasses had slid halfway down his nose. Like most of his colleagues he was dressed casually in jeans and tee shirt with an unbuttoned, unfashionable shirt over the top, swamping him. He had the pale complexion of a man who didn’t voluntarily spend a lot of time outdoors in daylight. His hair was untamed and fluffy, and he only managed a quick nod before his eyes slid away and he began tapping on his keyboard again. He was the embodiment of an intelligent, socially awkward man, unused to making small talk or pretending to be interested in something he clearly wasn’t.
It takes John a couple of goes to find a way to turn his head without toppling over. He still has the phone pressed to his ear, and when he sees Sherlock a huge smile breaks across his face.
“Yes, love, it is, but we might need to wait for a while. I don’t bounce back like I used to!”
“You think I don’t know what a broken heart looks like? At my age?” She gives a sad little crowing laugh and clasps her hands before her, leaning in. “At times like this some people say that there are plenty more fish in the sea, or that it wasn't meant to be, or that it was the other person’s loss.They would be trying to be kind, but that doesn’t matter to you, does it dear? You’d rather have someone tell you straight, wouldn’t you?”
“Don’t you have any normal people clothes?” John asked from his armchair one day, watching Sherlock slide his elegant limbs into the latest in a long line of dark, tailored suits (midnight blue this time, apparently, not dark navy.)
John turns and starts to protest at this, but Sherlock cuts him short by rounding the table and taking his face into his hands, relishing the scrape of stubble on his palm. He ducks down to kiss him, softly and sweetly and slowly, lingering over the way John responds so perfectly, so willingly.  John cannot hold onto his indignation and he melts into the kiss, his culinary efforts forgotten. The spoon in his hand drops sauce onto the floor with a slow but irregular drip.
Sherlock’s eyes follow John’s hand as it moves over him, and then flickers to his face, making links between John’s actions and expressions. Almost thoughtlessly he reaches down and takes his own cock in his hand and mimics John’s touches. He hasn’t softened completely and under his hand he begins to plump up again nicely.
Sherlock is in Edinburgh at the moment, but he's booked onto a flight later on that morning to bring him back home to London having wrapped up a rather interesting identity theft case late last night. It's not the kind of job Sherlock would normally bestir himself from Baker Street for, but there had been a few aspects that had piqued his interest enough to get him up to Scotland, particularly when Mycroft had said he had a case he wanted Sherlock to look into. Instantly the potential case had gone from an unusual five to a 'must have' eight by dint of the opportunity to irritate his brother.
And then there was Will.
When he began to actively push back onto John’s cock with each stroke, John relaxed his self-control and began to press harder, deeper, faster, the noise of their skin slapping and their whispered grunts and encouragements drowning out the traffic and pedestrians on the sunlit street below.
John could not be happier.
"Alright. How quickly can we get Mrs Hudson and Greg here?" John asks.
He glances back at his lanky sofa-mate. Sherlock’s hair is dishevelled and his sleeves are rolled up. Only John sees that Sherlock is being more careful than usual – his scar may be clean and healthy, but it takes time for the twinges of pain to tail off. He covers a lot of it, but John saw him at his worst and he knows what that kind of pain does to someone.
“Actually, I’ll be moving out again in the New Year. Mary is coming down to join us at the Holmes’s over Christmas.” John looks away, a habit he has when he’s uncomfortable or unhappy. “Hopefully we’ll be able to get some things sorted out and Sherlock is recovering really well so he doesn’t need me here, getting under his feet any more.”
He hasn’t heard John follow him down the stairs, distracted and tired as he is. He turns his head to show him he’s listening.
John nods at Crispian, who looks disappointed and at Mycroft who looks approving, then walks to the kitchen to find out what havoc the man is wreaking upon the baked goods.
The scent and warmth of John beside him is perfect. It makes everything seem right in a way that is becoming increasingly familiar. Sherlock revels in it for a few moments  while John is quiet. He’s clearly thinking furiously about what happens next, what to say, but Sherlock is sucking in as much of this moment as he can, letting it bleed into his pores and become a part of him. This is the moment when everything changes but the current of that is too great, too wide and too fast; Sherlock knows it must end, but while he can he rests here where the undertow is deflected by John.
"Share? Share what?" Sherlock leans back into the sofa and cocks his head, his curls lending him a spaniel-like air.
"What? No. I mean... he's probably busy. And he's not really dressed for gardening." The one saving grace about doing Mummy's chores is that it will get him and John out of the house and alone for a while without random relatives breathing down their necks. It was another part of his already massively compromised plan, had the bed sharing not gone as planned. Adding Crispian into the mix will ruin the whole outing. Again.
It seems to be the only word that John is capable of and the effort required to force it past the obstruction in his throat and make his lips shape it is exhausting. All he can see in his mind’s eye, all he’s been able to see since it happened, is the resignation on Sherlock’s face - John’s thoughtless, throwaway words still vibrating on the air between them.
He has only ever seen Sherlock interact with his brother and his parents before - never any extended family, and John can't help but be fascinated by the dynamics. His flatmate seems to be keen to tell stories which show them both in a good light, where it was their partnership that was beneficial in providing a positive outcome. In some cases John hadn't even been aware that his poor contributions had provoked Sherlock to his feats of deductive reasoning. Crispian seems fascinated by the way they work together and is very generous in his praise of John's assists which just makes Sherlock glare more. This makes no sense to John; why would Sherlock choose to tell those particular stories only to become cross at Crispian's enthusiasm?
John sets off in the direction of Hugh’s vague gesture, noting that garden torches have been lit. It's still light enough to see the way, but it won't be for long. The closer he gets to the white trunks of the silver birches, the more torches there are, and John wonders what he's missed. Was there a whole other party going on down here so far away from the house?
Baker Street or no Baker Street, he wouldn’t want that life for himself anymore – and he can’t remember a single reason why he thought that she could replace what he has here.
"True, but at least we'd have been together." Sherlock's eyes flick away and he licks his lips. He seems to measure his words before he speaks them. " I had a surprise for you."
In Sherlock's parents' home.
“That’s doesn’t seem like a very… oh…. uh, thorough examination.” Sherlock gasped as John’s hot breath reached the bulge in his pyjamas.
, thank you very much.
A week later and Sherlock is intent on overcoming his lapse in good sense, Mrs Hudson’s wistful smiles notwithstanding. Now that John has seen him and apologised, just as his therapist suggested, Sherlock considers it most likely that his part in John Watson's life story is at an end. John has what he needed - absolution through his sorrowful words. He didn't even want Sherlock's hollow forgiveness, for what it was worth. John is free of Sherlock and Sherlock is as free of John Watson as he will ever be. He is focussed on relearning how to be alone since the short, ill-judged trip to the nondescript cafe undid much of the progress he had made since July. He is trying to fill his days and his attention to stop his mind straying into old patterns.
John worries that he knows how this is going to go, but he follows Sherlock anyway to the bottom of the target tree. The madman brandishes his shears a few times, then looks at John expectantly.
Mycroft waits until John has filled and set the kettle to boil before he offers his good mornings. Their relationship could never have been described as warm, but even their common goal of Sherlock’s safety cannot disguise that since the whole Mary disaster, their tolerance of each other has become an effort. Try as he might, John cannot get it out of his head that Mycroft could have dug a little deeper, a little earlier with his ex-fiancée to discover the web of deceits and omissions that underpinned their courtship. And all the time, of course, Mycroft was one of the few who knew that Sherlock was working his way back toward London, uncovering and dismantling all that Moriarty had achieved; information he had seen fit to keep from him, even when John was clearly on the wrong path.
There are shelves at the top of one side and there's something in here that smells woody and spicy; John recognises it from the scent of Sherlock himself. Under the shelves, which seem to be filled with elements of Sherlock's disguises (a high-vis jacket, some chef's whites, a pair of jodhpurs and a pro polo shirt for starters) are some drawers similar to the ones you used to find in old-fashioned menswear shops, more dark wood and strong shapes.
“You should get changed. You’re frozen!” John chides and takes Sherlock’s hand again.
“I heard the storm begin while I was tidying my gear away. When the electricity inevitably failed I remembered you said loud noises were a problem, so I thought I’d run over and make sure you were okay. And I... wanted to see you.”
John definitely feels more present now, vaguely aware that he’s made a bit of an idiot of himself. He replays the bits that he can remember clearly; the run, the cold, the jolt to his heart each time he slipped, then later the sight of Sherlock, so broken open seeing him shout at the nurses, and later still, the struggle to comply with Sherlock’s demands that he match his breathing, snatches of the quiet conversation and his own fumbled truths. The memories feel like an incomplete dream, something that slips away from him as hard as he tries to hold on to it.
He hopes -
Without meaning to, Sherlock straightens himself, so he is square on to John, and waits. This is one of the possibilities he'd considered - that John would want to cut all ties with him - but he had not anticipated that John would want to make that clear to him in a statement. God knows they've never actually talked anything out before, hoping that guesswork and impressions and significant glances might take the place of actual words, so perhaps this is the impact of the new therapist - making certain that no one is confused or unclear as to the intentions behind his actions. It's something that might have saved both of them a lot of heartache had John learned it sooner.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John struggles to keep his sigh silent and is rewarded with a squawk as she finds something that looks exactly like the last four she has tried. This time, blessedly, she has it right and the lock yields to the turning key. One twist of the handle and the door opens with a dramatic squeak and groan.
The first image was a little dark and it was hard to see in the artificial light of Tesco’s biscuit aisle. John tipped the screen this way and that before he recognised the edge of a lampshade, which made that their bedroom. So why was Sherlock sending him photos of his…shoulder and throat… except what was he wearing around his…?
Mrs Hudson gazes off over Sherlock’s right shoulder where he is curled in his chair. Her eyes are unfocussed as she collects her thoughts. Every once in a while Sherlock is reminded that Hudders isn’t a permanent fixture in his life and that one day, she too will move on in some form. She’s aged recently, not that she has lost any of her spark or sass - it’s just that these days it is balanced with a quiet gentleness. He has come to depend on her kindness and her constancy in a way that surprises him. As much as this funny little flat represents a home to him, it would not have felt that way had it not been for this feisty, funny, worldly woman. Mrs Hudson means ‘home’ in a way that no bricks or mortar could ever equal. She represents the acceptance and comfort of a safe place - something Sherlock hadn’t thought he had a need of until she’d already filled the role while he was otherwise occupied. He marvels at the way she can seem so utterly clueless only to make the most unnerving and profound observations, apparently at random.
As he walks beneath the first of the trees, he can see two figures, standing together, both tall and upright, one dark haired and one auburn, and both of them are looking at him.
He and John are both happy at a cellular level, as Sherlock explains it. ‘Disgustingly smug’ is how Mycroft has phrased it. Sherlock doesn’t really care about such semantics, of course – they are working out how their new relationship status can be incorporated into their daily lives. Sherlock hasn’t become the perfect flatmate and partner overnight; he’s still curt, condescending and volatile and John is still sarcastic, irritable and stoic. They are both strong-willed individuals and some element of friction is to be expected, but they are working on communicating better, being sensitive to the other’s needs and Sherlock thinks they have both made progress towards a better understanding. Besides, some of their disagreements have been resolved very satisfactorily through a physical expression of differences and compromises, or ‘make-up sex’ as John calls it.
rule then what else might Sherlock be willing to share with him given the right circumstances?
John hung up his jacket and slipped off his shoes before padding down to their bedroom and quietly letting himself in.
"Sorry doesn't even start to cover what I've said and done to you," John murmurs. "But it's all I have. I will do better, I can promise you that, but then, I don’t suppose my assurances can mean very much to you by now."
"Oh, I don't think so, do you?" Sherlock asks, his voice very low and possessive enough to make John’s breath catch. His large hands sweep warmth across John's chest and belly as he eyes them both in the long mirror. "You'll scandalise all my elderly aunts if you go out there looking so... untended to."
John hasn’t rushed back to his wife’s side mainly because she lies without a flicker of conscience or remorse. She has never apologised to Sherlock for her choice to put a bullet in him rather than accept his offer of help. The truth is that John has no feelings left for Mary – he’s not even angry with her anymore. If it weren’t for the baby, he’d have told her already that their marriage has been over since the second she pointed a gun at his best friend.
Or perhaps that is Sherlock’s nascent romantic streak talking - it’s proving hard to hit the optimum level of enthusiasm for his newest obsession: being in love with John. He finds it easy enough to slip into his detached persona when he needs to focus on a case, but returning to being John’s partner is something he finds he enjoys rather ardently; some might say passionately. He’s expecting the first flush of their happiness to settle, but it shows no signs of diminishing thus far.
"Is it relevant?" Sherlock asks in his most carefully affected bored voice, then adds, "he doesn't like whiskey anyway."
They’re here.
John has hung on to the blanket Sherlock had taken from the bed and wrapped them in and has stayed cocooned in it in the back of the car, resolutely not worrying about his wet clothing on the leather. The heated rear seats have begun to chase out some of the damp and not even the Rover’s most high-tech gadgets has been able to keep up with the condensation forming on the inside of the windows as they slice through the falling snow and the silent streets.
The way Sherlock’s eyes flicker over his shoulder and the slightly inflected smoothing of his tone speak volumes. He has no idea what John is talking about let alone what he’s doing here.
John stands and fumes for a minute, surveying the damage the enormous idiot has done as he considers the crack about the therapist. How can he have possibly known about that? It’s about then that he realises that his hated walking cane is still standing beside his bed upstairs.
"Sorry, what?" John asks.
John is dimly aware that he should say something - apologise maybe? But none of those words are the one that is beating through him with each push of his heart. It’s in his blood, on his tongue, in the curl of his fingers. But it’s been trapped and denied for so long, he needs to choose to let it free.
No, with John, it's when he gets quiet that you need to worry. Like now, in fact.
He has stilled, utterly wrong-footed by this revelation.
"You should just tell him," Crispian says unexpectedly.
It doesn’t matter, either way, John thinks. Sherlock must know that there’s nowhere else for them to go. They will never be able to recapture the deniability they have hidden behind all these years. Beginning or ending, it’s here and they have to choose.
been through, that it is a kiss that finally does for the world's only consulting detective. John smirks at his ridiculous thought, but it doesn't stop him from casting another, more thorough look at the man, flat out on the sofa. He's fine, of course. That doesn't mean that it wouldn't be quite good if he woke up or exited or whatever he does, right about now.
Sherlock looks down to share a smile with John, who will be ridiculously and endearingly excited by this predicted weather front. Sherlock will reluctantly admit that it is already looking to be one of the biggest snowfalls he has ever encountered in this country. This is not the usual slushy, wet snow that melts on impact with the ground, nor the tiny flakes that have no hope of leaving more than a dusting of white. The flakes are dry and clumping together to make them look like feathers, spinning down.
Damn him, the beautiful bastard.
“Well, if you’re absolutely certain, dear,” Mme Hudson says doubtfully.
"I'm sorry."
As if on cue, John arrives with tea, one last cup before bedtime. He still looks a little uncomfortable in Sherlock’s bedroom having been in here more in the last few days than he has in the last six moths. When Sherlock pointedly shifts across the mattress as best he can to make room for him, he hesitates. Sherlock pretends not to notice but cannot help but watch the uncertainty on John’s face as he ponders.  When did such an innocuous gesture become something to be weighed up and judged? With a slow breath, John sits, twisting so he can rest against the headboard, and Sherlock hates the pathetic relief that floods his veins.
Sherlock doesn't so much as acknowledge his presence, so John picks up his Union Jack pillow and drops it on his face.
Sherlock looks mildly surprised at the question but answers anyway. “I have found my need for sexual release and intimacy to be intermittent in the past. As such, a short, casual arrangement can most expediently fulfill such requirements. I am aware that this is not often regarded as the most fulfilling method to achieve satisfaction and that had I experienced what difference a connection with one's sexual partner might make, I might have made more of an effort to prolong or encourage a liaison.”
Smiling to himself, John wonders when exasperation and sporadic, demanding text messages became what love means to him. He looks up to apologise to Hugh, but sees he is already looking in his direction, a shadow of a smile quirking his lips.
John is his one constant, unflappable and solid. He doesn’t seek to persuade Sherlock of his undoubted recovery but he sits and endures the visits of a seemingly endless stream of specialists, asking questions and providing answers when the patient can’t. Sherlock has, at least, been able to bully his fine motor skills into allowing him to write responses and questions. John intercepts his scribbles and reports on his text messages whenever there’s a new consultant and translates them for public consumption all the while glaring at Sherlock or trying to repress inappropriate grins at the (evidently) outrageous things he has written.
“Oh!” Sherlock breathes delightedly, then stops and wrinkles his nose. “Why do I have to say it first? Isn’t it thoroughly implied by this point in the evening?”
would call it fantasising, would I? And what would
John looks a little disappointed but rallies, “Well, at least I tol’ you. I have the… things… to tell you.” He looks a little constipated for a moment, then shouts, “Balls!” He smiles again, happy with his mental gymnastics. “I had the balls to tell you!”
John untangles his arms from the all-enveloping blanket mountain he’s under and reaches for Sherlock’s waist.
