Dean grabbed Cas’s hand again and leaned back against the chair, allowing the sweet smell to overcome him. He wasn’t sure when he dozed off but he was sooned woke up by someone clearing their throat. “You must be Mr. Winchester? I’m Tessa Castiel’s nurse,” said a young lady.
Food, Dean thought, Cas needed food. He was probably getting exhausted and hungry. Dean could fix him food. Dean pushed himself off the floor and stumbled down the stairs to the kitchen. He could do this, this is easy, simple just food, something to eat...  Something that's not Cas, his mind supplied, which did not help at all and caused him to drop the bottle of water he had just pulled out of the small black mini fridge just off of the kitchen in the laundry room. “Fuck,” he said picking it up and moving back into the kitchen.
He strolled into the bathroom, on a mission. Castiel was standing by a sink at the end of the row, looking in the mirror. He was looking a little rough, but not as bad as Dean, or well not yet at least. Crowley had a plan to change that. “Anybody else in here?” he sang out, his accent leaking through with words. No one said anything. Crowley closed the door and twisted the lock until it clicked.
Cas sat back beside him, “They caught me looking at you. I wasn’t staring or anything. I had just looked over at you when they looked at me and that started it all.”
“What happens in my household,” Michael stepped toward Dean, “is none of your concern.”
Cas stood looking up at the large white building wondering what room Dean and John were in. If they were even in the same room. If Dean had needed surgery or if John was in worse condition. He didn't know much, just what he had been told by Ion’s older brother’s girlfriend, who’s a nurse in the ER, and that was that John, Sam and Dean had been rushed in by ambulance after a bad accident. He knew the Impala was totaled and Dean was gonna be crushed when he found out.
With a fresh diaper on, he carried the baby down stairs to the kitchen to fix her a bottle. It was amazing at how easily this had became his life, bottles and diapers at three in the morning. He squirted just a dab on his hand to make sure it wasn’t to hot before popping it in the baby’s mouth. She sucked greedily at the nipple before falling back asleep, still latched onto the bottle.
“What happened to us?” Cas asked putting the almost gone pie and two forks back onto the table, “We used to be so close, what happened?”
Gabe ignored him, “The omega father’s name was Samandriel Novak. It’s our family, Dean.”
“Yeah, she’s getting tired. You can get her back to sleep if you want.” Dean watched as Cas’ face lite up. “You don’t have to have my permission to hold her. She is your daughter too.” Cas smiled at Dean from the floor before scooping Gracie up. He held her close and moved to the couch to sit back beside Dean. “It's good,” Dean said taking a swallow of the tea.
“Come on, Castiel, we need to get you cleaned up some before we head out of here.” Ion helped him over to the counter and wet a wad of paper napkins, before dabbing the blood away from Cas’s face.
Cas’ shower was quick and efficient. No more than fifteen minutes later, Cas came back into the room. A fluffy white towel wrapped securely around his waist. His dark hair was still damp, some strands plastered to his head and others standing up at odd angles. Beads of water rolled from the strands at the nape of his neck down his back collecting with the drops rolling off his shoulders and running down to the towel. Dean watched it all with rapt attention.
“Just come on,” Dean had set everything up before the sun went hours ago, and now he was just really hoping that everything wasn’t damp from the dew. He got permission from his dad to camp outside for the remainder of the night.
Unbeta'ed all mistakes are my own. If any are to bad please let me I try to catch what I can but I'm sure some slip by.
“We could watch a movie or something.” the doorbell rang and Cas stood and walked over  to the door. He took the pizza from the delivery guy. He shut the door behind him before walking back to the couch with Dean. “Anything you want. Take your pick,” he said indicating to the over stuffed shelves that were full of movies.
"Fuck, Cas," He said releasing his own inside Cas. Dean eases out of Cas and grabs a towel to clean them off.
All the things that you said I couldn't do
But you didn't
“It's fine,” Cas said looking in the direction Emmy had just walked down.
Happy Valentines Day my little lovelies. So just a little something because y'all are all so awesome and I just love yall. When I started this it was just some bad porn stuck in my head and when I wrote it out I was like omfg did I really write that thank go nobody knows who I am on here and my family can't get on my computer. I would have left it at an abused Cas if not for all of y'all. Who knew that there was so much more left in my head on this story and its all because of y'all every comment and kudos is the reason that I write another chapter. I write because you read. I'm amazed every time I get an email saying I have a comment and it's from one of you amazing people telling me how great I am. For me that means the world. For someone to like what I do and tell me, well it means everything. Thank you all so very much for reading this and liking this and for every comment and kudos. And if your ever felling bad or any thing remember that there's someone out that thinks your f'ing great. LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
“Fucking jackass,” Jo mumbled, tossing her blonde hair over her shoulder, turning and walked away. Dean smiled Jo sure did dislike Cas.
A new one now begins
I am so sorry for the long wait.  I have not given up on these guys and I won't.  I will try to post more often y'all are the best.
“Not now, John. It will be discussed but after we get Dean better. There is something you don’t know about Dean. Neither of you do. When Cas presented he came over and well,” She paused looking from John to the table, “Dean allowed Cas to claim him, completely. He told when school started back.”
Cas saw Dean’s eyes drift over his body, “Shit,” Cas mumbled before sprinting to his room. He grabbed a pair of loose, low hanging sweatpants before moving back to the stairs. Dean was still standing at the bottom.
Dean jumped up so fast that he hit his head against the bottom of the bed above them and the wall to his back. He also ended up tangled in the blanket and winding up on his on stomach, leaving Cas, on the bed completely naked. Cas doesn’t think he will ever be able to forget the look of horror on Dean’s face when he looked up and saw Cas just looking down at him.
Ion noticed first, of course Ion would notice, and brought his attention back to the table. Cas laughed and joked just as he would have any other day. He had became a rather decent actor since he presented. Who would have thought that the worse thing to happen to you would be becoming an alpha.
Dean slid as close to Cas as he could before wrapping an arm around him and pulling him closer still. Cas felt small kisses peppered in his hair and along his neck. He embraced the fell of Dean so close to him again for a moment before wiggling his way out of Dean's arms and rolling over.
Cas felt his face pale he knew that John was serious. “Yes, sir,” he said as the door opened. Dean, holding Grace, and Sam stepped inside.
Don't get it twisted”
Michael said nothing. He just looked at Cas, as though he wasn’t believing the blue eyed boy was standing there.
“No,” Dean sighed and shook his head, “I had Benny whenever I needed to figure things out. He was my best friend.”
“Are y’all hungry?” Dean asked the people sitting around him.
Sam did just as he was told.
Watch me take on my bright future
Dean slid Cas's boxers down, "turn over" he said gently, as he slides his pants and boxers to the ground. Dean runs his fingertips lightly across the younger man's back. He places kiss up his spine before placing both hands on Cas's hip and easing him to his knees.
Dean said that he was going downstairs. Cas wanted to be with Dean. His skin was starting to itch again and he was sweating. Cas sighed and looked at the carpet. It was coming back. When Cas looked back up he saw Dean standing at the bottom of the stairs, just looking up at Cas.
Cas came back in with two plates and two cokes. He handed one of each to Dean and sat down in the middle of the couch in front of the coffee table. They divided the bites and both took a slice of their own pizza.
Before Dean knew it, it had been six weeks since that night. Dean was struggling. It wasn't just Cas and his parade of Omegas but it was something in Dean. He was sleeping more and he always felt tired. He was barely eating and when he did eat, it usually came back up. He was sick and no one knew why.
He realized it was too late, when Dean called out, “Cas, you ok?” he sounded worried for his fellow alpha. Dean knocked on the stall door trying to get an answer out of his friend, “What’s wrong?”
“Hey Cher,” Benny whispered, laying a hand on the omega on the shoulder, only to feel trembles running down the boy's body, “have you been in bed all day?” Dean only nodded his head as an answer. Benny  pulled out his phone and sent Bobby a message telling about Dean and asking him what he needed to do. A few minutes later Bobby told him to see if Dean would let him lay down with him, that his alpha my help with the trembles. “Scoot, Cher,” Benny commanded, pulling the blanket back and slidding in beside the omega.
He's the wrong kind of paradise
He groaned as his ass touched the hard wood of the chair. Sam gave him his all knowing bitch face and turned back to their dad, “Mom working tonight?” he asked. Dean knew that Sam knew the answer to that, so now Dean knew that Sam was trying to keep John’s focus on him and not the pained look on his oldest son’s face. To bad it didn’t work.
John looked at Dean with a concerned face, “Are you ok?” he asked.
"Cas, are you ok?" Dean asked with a small smile, as he was sitting down on the bed.
I'm not done, I'm no loser
"Hey Castiel, how do you get to the police station?"
He  seemed to sit there for what seemed like hours but in reality it was only a few minutes before he heard a soft voice calling from the door, “Dean?” It was Crowley, why did his voice sound so sweet? He heard footsteps as the Alpha walked into the restroom. He decided not to look up as the shadow fell over him. “Copeland sent me to find you, thought you were skipping. You look horrible man. Anything I can do?”he asked sliding down to sit beside Dean. “Sorry about Cas, by the way, didn’t think he was gonna be such an ass when he presented.” They sat there in silence before Crowley reached into Dean’s pocket and pulled out his phone.
Tonight I'm no bronze I'm no silver
Dean took in Cas’s face, his eyes didn’t seem as blue as he remembered them, there were bags under his eyes, and his face seemed to be paler too, but none of that stood out as much as the look on his face. Fear shown through his eyes and his pale pink lips trembled. He  seemed to curl into the bed some. Dean broke the silence, “Hey Cas,” he said softly, just above a whisper, “the doctors need me to be here.” He pulled his hand off the bed and placed it in his lap, “I’ll go. I know you don’t want me here and I don’t want to hurt you anymore. I’m sorry,” the last bit was more a mumble than a whisper. He was about to stand when the door opened and Tessa walked back in.
"Dean Winchester, sir." Cas saw the older man's expression changed into a very unhappy smile.
Three sharp knocks landed on the front door. Cas watched John move to the door. He knew the scent creeping through the wood. He tried to stifle a growl as John opened the door and the scent filled the room.
He wanted it to be with Dean maybe not in a dingy cheap motel but still. He was sure that it would always be Dean he wanted to give this to. Dean leaned back on the pillows and held his arms open for Cas to join him, which Cas did snuggling into the man's chest. "I love you," he whispered into Dean's skin placing a kiss on Dean's chest.
“How’s my beautiful little Grace doing tonight?” John cooed down at the baby walking over to table. Grace giggled, reaching up to grab the scruff on her pop’s chin. John laughed and gently rubbed his chin over the baby’s face cause her to let out a squeal of laughs.
Michael looked lean to one side and pulled a shiny, black, leather wallet and opened it. Inside, hidden behind one of the folds, he pulled out a older photo, the edges were frayed and fluffy. Michael handed the picture to Cas, “That's Luke.” He pointed to a young blond with light blue grey eyes.
Dean stopped talking and held on to Cas, scared he was about to move away, but Cas didn’t.
Dean, Bobby, and Mary sat around the table, “What do you want to do?” Mary asked Dean, hating herself for even asking that question. She believed that she knew her son well enough to know what his answer was going to be but still Dean was so young.
Dean began rocking his hips in sync with Cas’, when Cas dropped his lips back to Dean's throat.
Cas sat in the same silence and allowed it to surround him, he allowed it to wash way those memories and hurtful words. He let the silence drown out the hate he held for this place. He began to understand that the man sitting out here with him now was not the same punk that
“Wait,” he mumbled at Crowley, “Why are you being so nice to me?”
“You sure did, sweetheart,” he grinned ruffling her hair. She pulled out of his grip and ran inside. through the open door he heard the doorbell ring and Emmy shout, “I got it!” He heard her running toward the front door. He walked into the house and went to the kitchen to grab the hamburger patties.
It was when she was finally gone that Benny seemed to piece himself back together, “It's her,” he whispered, still loud enough the entire table had heard. Benny was not a quiet man. “All these years hoping I’d find her again and there she is. She smells just the same, just as perfect.” He was talking more to himself than to anyone at the table and turned just enough to see her filling their drinks. His alpha was stirring, wanting her, to know her, to smell her, just to be near her.
Cas looked up at Dean apologizing like a scolded child. Cas took a step closer, closing the distance between him and Dean, “It’s ok, Dean,” he said, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean looked up from the floor and into Cas deep blue eyes. They stood there for what seemed like forever just looking at eachother until Emmy screamed for them.
“Your grandfather told him the only way he would let Gabe stay was if Luke left and stayed away, and he did.”
So two people have told me there's no pic. Is the little pic box there? if it is right click and open in a new page. if it doesn't work let me know.
Today is one of those days. It started off bad, Cas haunts his dreams. Then he goes with Sam to Ellen’s to get a burger and Cas is there, flirting with a beautiful, golden, omega waitress.
“That was years ago,” Cas said, kinda whimsical, like he was lost in the memory, “We were what, thirteen.”
Cas let go of Uriel, allowing him to fall to the ground, and moved to follow Ms. Barnes. Uriel however didn't start to follow Barnes, but looked at the group of guys he had just been embarrassed in front of and charged at Cas. He rammed into Cas with his shoulder, stunning Cas, for only a moment, before Cas turned around and threw a fist at the other boys face, landing on his cheek.
Dean lay on to his top bunk, metallica ringing through his head phones. He needed to be doing his english paper, but oh well. There was really nothing he wanted to do more than just disappear into his bed. Today had been rough. Fucking Amara. He was done, so done. He’s a lot of things but he never cheated on that bitch but did that matter, no not at all.
“Yes,” Cas said backing Dean up, “thank you so much for that.”
They kissed for another few minutes until Cas place both hands on Dean’s chest and gently pushed him back. Dean moved back, as Cas pushed. His heart sank. Cas pushed him away. He should have know that this would happen, maybe he did know, but that didn’t stop him. Dean sat up on the couch and refused to look anywhere but at the floor.
Emmy’s eyes lit up, “oh yes, Cassie come with us, please, please please?” she begged. She was still sitting in his  lap looking up at him with bright blue eyes.
He looked into the open doorway, he could clearly see the check-in desk and a handful of people waiting but none of them were the Winchesters. So he took a deep breath and walk in, up to the desk. A middle aged lady looked up from a stack of papers, “How can I help you, Sir?” She asked, her sweet southern voice easy to hear and claimed his alpha almost at once.
Dean embraced the warmth that surrounded them, and held tight to Cas. It was over. This would never happen again. Cas would find an Omega or a female beta, and Dean would be alone. He knew that he would never love anyone like Cas. Yes, they were young but that doesn’t change the fact that even if Dean presented as an Alpha, he had already found his mate and it broke him to know that he would never be allowed to be with him.
Dean shoved the worm in Sam’s face before standing up and walking over to the porch, “Mama put any pie in there, Pops?”
Andrea came back and brought them out their drinks, sitting them down in front of the right person, “She’s adorable,” Andrea said as she sat Dean’s drink in front of him. “So do you know what I can get you guys?” she asked looking at the family but stopping on Benny.
Cas slipped out of his clothes tossing them at the basket in the corner of the room before climbing in bed and pulling his blanket around him. It had been a long, bitterly cold day and he was just ready to sleep. His bed was so warm and soft, that Cas thought that he could stay there forever. He fluffed the pillows behind his head before laying back and stretching out on his bed. He pulled his covers up around his chin before rolling over and facing the wall. He was so warm that it only took a few minutes, before he began to drift off to sleep.
“I’m so so sorry,” he gagged looking up at his little brother, who stood there with an emotionless face.
Cas opened the door and walked out onto the porch pulling the door to behind him. Emmy was smiling and waving from her booster seat in the back set of the impala.
Dean soon found himself unable to resist the call of sleep and snuggled further into the warm body beside him. He thought, as he let go of that last shred of consciousness, that heard a soft “I love you,” but he was asleep before it registered completely.
My friend, I'm gold
Cas knew that they were already texting Michael to let him know that Dean was back. Nobody but family knew why Dean left. There were rumors, none of which Cas actually believed other than he was sick and went to live with Bobby until he was better.
“Yes sir, we have you as his alpha, is that correct?” she asked boredly.
They both watched her, smiling down at their daughter everything felt okay for now. It felt like Dean wasn’t slowly going crazy and losing his will to keep Cas at arms length. Dean didn’t know how he felt really or how he should feel, he just knew that with every minute that he spent around Cas he lost his will to hold him back. All he could think about was the last time Cas kissed him, the night that Cas had found out about Grace. He can still the brush of Cas’ lips on his. Everything in him just wanted to push Cas down on the couch.
“Out of the ashes you buried me in
Dean was halfway through his last slice of pizza when the baby monitor started making noisy. Gracie was waking up and was probably getting hungry. Dean sat the slice down and moved to get up.
Dean left Cas mouth and started placing kisses on his neck. He gently sucked over Cas's pulse point and making Cas moan. Dean switched their positions and laid Cas down on the bed. He placed his lips back to Cas's mouth, while his hands traveled from Cas's chest to his hips.
Dean knew that he was a asshole and that he was probably gonna burn in hell for what he did to Cas, but that doesn’t change the fact that Dean misses his omega. He misses his brilliant blue eyes, the way Cas would slightly tilt his head to the side when he was confused. He missed the way the omega talked and laughed. He missed the messy, raven black hair and always slightly chapped beautiful pink lips. He missed everything about him.
Michael reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. He just held it and looked at it for a moment before saying anything, “I never meant to be like him,” he paused and looked out across the Winchester’s front lawn and across the paved highway, “like my father.”
Dean shushed her as he glanced over at Cas who had pulled a very uncomfortable looking waitress into his lap and was currently running his hand up and down her jean covered legs, “Just me,” Dean started still looking over at them, “or does she look mighty uncomfortable over there with mister touchy.”
They were again lost in the silence of the room and in each other's eyes, until a few cries brought them back out if the trance they seemed to have fallen into. Dean snapped his attention to Grace and began to work on the straps holding her into the stroller. He lifted her out.
“Yeah,” Mr. Copeland nodded and Dean rushed to get the pass and out of the room.
That's how Cas ended up siding on a tan suede couch with Emmy pressed close beside him. Dean’s scent surrounded him, every breath him took made him feel dizzy. His body was calling out for an alpha that no longer held a claim over him. Cas mindlessly ran a hand over the scar on his neck. With his light jacket off, laying across the back of the rocker along with Dean’s and Emmy’s, he could easily slid his hand in the color if his t-shirt and feel the ridges from Dean’s teeth. This wasn't the first time he had ran his fingers along the ridged marks on his neck.
“Alright,” He replied before disappearing up the stairs.
‘Drea sat quietly for a few minutes before continuing, “I never told anyone about him, but he saved my life, and he smelt perfect. I didn’t understand it at the time but he was my mate. He is my alpha.” he voice got soft and she lowered her eyes, “I saw him again today.”
“I fixed you a plate last night,” Cas followed Dean’s gaze to the plate in his lap, “and you didn't eat it.”
Dean opened the door slowly giving Cas time to realise that he was coming in. Just busting in the room while Cas was in there, was no longer an option. Over the summer he had walked in on Cas wanking off. It was an image that was seared into Dean’s brain, not that he really minded it, but he would never, hell could never, admit that. Cas may not be blood but he has been his brother almost as long as Sam had.
Mary's foods was just as good reheated.
Dean had changed into loose fitting pajama pants, an old t shirt, and had shed his shoes somewhere. He flopped unceremoniously on the couch.
Dean stretched as he rose from the couch. It took him a moment to remember where he was; he looked around the room quickly and saw that Cas wasn’t in the room anymore and neither was Gracie. Dean knew that Cas would be okay with her but that didn't stop the momentary freak out that he had.
“It would just add to the harassment,” Cas dropped his head and looked down at the bed.
Cas moaned as Dean moved his hands, slowly, down Cas’ sides, grasping his hips, “Be still,” Dean said, his eyes flashing red.
“Dare, duh,”
Dean stopped talking and just took a few deep breaths. “Do you remember the fair?”
The gym looked alot like it did for prom, there was entirely to much tulle and string lights and balloons. It screamed, “I was decorated by Becky Rosen.” However, there was pie and free beer, so Dean didn't complain too much.
“Yeah, on the corner?”
“Why would you do that for me?” Dean asked Cas looking up to where he was now towering over Dean?
Cas looked you to see his father's eyes filled with tears and a few running down his cheeks.  Michael let go of Cas' hand and walked away to the black town car sitting by the road.
Nothing was said other than moaning and panting. Cas’ pace picked up as he grew closer to his release. He moved his lips off of Dean’s and down his chin to his neck, where he began to suck right below the bend, still moving his hips.
“I know, but you looked peaceful and I miss her.” They went back to the living room and Cas sat on the couch, “I miss her so much,” he looked up at Dean, who still stood in the middle of the room, “I miss you both so much and having you here, even if you're asleep, it’s like, well, it's like heaven.”
Dean walked away from the nursery, wishing and wanting to hold his sweet baby girl. He headed back over to the waiting and walked over to the vending machines. There was a coffee vending machine, thank god, he needed all the energy he could get. He ordered a black coffee and sat down on a rather uncomfortable chair.
“He’s in Sam’s room,” Mary said looking at up at Bobby, who had made his way to the stair case.
Garth fitzgerald was a small kid that was really smart. He was an easy target for Dean, Benny, and sometimes Ash. He carried a sock puppet for crying out loud. Mr. Frizzels.
“Come on,” Dean said, grabbing Cas by the arm and leading him back inside.
Emmy’s eyes popped open as the door clicks shut, she looks up at Dean, “Daddy,” she sheepishly mumbles, “can Cassie hold me more?” Dean looks over at Cas who’s looking at Dean with hopeful eyes, like he could tell Cas no.
Sam rolled over and looked at his brother, “What do you want? What time is it?”
“And you're not taking care of me,” Cas whimpered, grinding his groin down against Dean’s blue jeans to make his point known. Dean groaned and Cas hurriedly undid Dean's pants, one handed, the other was used to keep Cas up off Dean. Cas leaned down again and kissed Dean just as rushed as before. Cas made quick work of Dean's pants and boxers. Cas moaned when he saw Dean erection spring free.
“Can we have pizza, Daddy?” Emmy asked.
“He won't be,” John said looking at Mary then Dean, both of who nodded. John then looked at Cas, “You always have a home, Son. We’ll figure out the details later.”
Dean places his hand on Cas's chin and pulled his face up to look at Dean. Dean sat there for minute taking in the beautiful face looking back at him. He caught the gaze of the deep blue eyes.
In the time of our lives”
John was sitting up in the hospital bed, well, laying back against the bed that was risen up. Mary sat in a light blue chair pulled up beside the bed, her hand rested in John’s. John gave her a light squeeze and looked around the hospital room. Sam and Dean sat across the room bickering about something. Dean was holding a sleeping Gracie against his chest. The sun seemed to about mid sky but John had no idea what time it actually was, or what day for that matter.
Well here's another chapter hope y'all like it.
Dean kisses the small of Cas's back as he places a lubricated finger at Cas's entrances, and teases the boy before slowly pushing it in. Cas gasps at the pressure. "Baby, are you sure? We can stop." Dean asked tenderly.
“Kay, Old Man,” Dean shakingly raised himself off the bed and stumbled slightly to the bathroom.
“Don’t bite me, love, I might want more.” Dean slammed his locker shut causing it to vibrate through the hall. he walked off towards his homeroom. He buried his head in arms on the desk and waited for the bell to ring. He wanted to scream. His mark was burning, so he rubbed at it and looked up at the door, his eyes falling on the most beautiful face he will ever see. A low whimper caught in his throat as Cas walked by, not paying Dean any attention.
“Can I get the pass for the restroom?” he asked placing a hand over his mouth. He was gonna be sick. He knew it. He just hoped he could get to the restroom before that happened.
“He is,” Gabe bite back over the line.
Cas laid his hand in Dean's offered hand and let the alpha help him out of the car, “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean was unusually upset, of course Dean knew what was wrong his wolf was grieving his missing mate. Dean was irritable and grumpy. He was snapping at Sam, his Mom and Bobby. He was mad at himself and his sweet Castiel for just leaving him. Of course Dean, the rational Dean, understood why the omega fled, if the roles were reversed he would have run far and fast from the alpha that raped and claimed him.
Cas didn’t think that Dean wanted him to say anything to that, so he stayed silent as he drove to the house. He pulled into the driveway way and stopped in the carport. He switched the car off and pulled out the keys.
Gabe laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I’ll talk to him ok see if he wants to see y’all, maybe he will, maybe he won't. He has made so much progress in the past six months, you're not gonna push him into anything. That’s what started this whole fiasco. Just keep giving him time, it may be next week, it may be next month. Maybe he’ll want her and not you, maybe both.  We will have to wait and see.” Gabe patted Dean on the shoulder stood and walked away.
“Me too,” Mary said, without looking away from the silver pot slowly boiling on the stove. She was worried too, Dean hadn’t been himself since Cas. Cas had always been like family, she thought of him as one of her boys. They had been best friends since the boys were in elementary school. She couldn’t understand how he could just leave Dean like he did.
“Hey John,” Cas smiled at him, “it’s good to see you at home. How you feeling?”
“No. I’m not leaving you. If you’re sick I’ll go with you to the nurse. Hell,” Dean chuckled, “gives me a reason to miss class. You know how much I hate class.” Dean knew something smelled off about Cas but wasn’t sure what.
He gasped as Dean ripped him apart, tearing muscles that clinched him tight. Castiel was sobbing and Dean was relentless, fucking into him at a brutal pace. “Fuck baby boy, you're so tight.” Dean moaned into Castiel’s ear, “I’m your first, ain’t I baby, so tight just for me. All mine,” he said licking up castiel’s neck. Castiel felt Dean’s knot growing filling him up even more. He hurt so bad, it all hurt so bad. Dean was his friend. He should be able to stop himself.
Dean smiles at the sight in front of him. "Dean, please I need more. Please, Dean!" he begs.
Hey guys. so just wanted to thank everyone for still being here. This is sorta just a filler and a little bit of John being an ass. hope yall like it. if yall want to find out whats wrong with Dean give me some comments. I thrive on them and yall might get another chapter sooner. loves yall.
Upstairs Dean took an extra long shower before climbing into bed. He slept peacefully, without even realising when Mary snuck Gracie back in her bed.
“You going somewhere?” John asked as Cas was pulling on his shoes.
She walked over to where the boys were sitting on Cas’ bed, “Mary brought you pie again, Dean.” she was smiling a touch of amusement in her voice, “and, holy crap, you shared. There’s two forks.” She was teasing him. “And look you even saved me some.”
Upstairs Dean lifted Gracie out of the bassinet and popped the bottle in her mouth. She sucked greedily at the nipple and lazily let her eyes close.
Cas was alread rock hard and leaking precome, damn Dean and his knowledge. Cas smirked it  was his turn to have some fun. He hawled Dean over him and latched on to his mouth, flicking his tongue across Dean's lips begging for entrance, which Dean gave. After a brief fight for dominance, Dean let Cas have it. Dean was now directly over Cas, holding himself up with only his arms, the kiss turned to a fierce growl as Cas flipped Dean over to reverse the role.
“Yeah?” he whispered, keeping his eyes up at the sky, hoping to see more stars.
They sat in silence for a moment longer, but it was a calming silence, for Cas at least. “We are going to the Campbell's cabin this weekend,” Dean said looking down at Grace. “Would you like to come?” Dean rushed the question out so fast that Cas barely understood what he had said.
Dean was dropped off first. He climbed out of the back seat of the light blue minivan waved to Sam and Mary and trudged up to the school. He walked into A-wing passing Drama and JROTC and homeec. He knew Cas wouldn’t in this wing. He hated this wing, the ROTC teachers always got on to him and well everyone. Tuck in your shirt, take your hat off. “Hey Winchester,”  a woman’s voice called out from behind him. He turned around to see an older lady with her long greying hair pulled into a tight bun. She was wearing a dark blue Air Force uniform. It was her second year teaching here with the Sarg.
Benny stepped in front of Dean, who pulled Grace tighter to his chest. Cas took a step forward baring his teeth, still growling. Benny snarled, as Mary and Sam busted into the room, “Take another step and I’ll rip your throat out,” Benny threatened Cas, still snarling.
“Alright, well, be careful.” John said as he looked oddly at Dean, who acted like he didn’t hear anything that Cas had said.
All the things that you said I couldn't do
hey guy! sorry for the long wait. so another time jump mainly because i couldn't i write the scene where mary dies and not have Cas rush to his side. so i hope that yall enjoy this chapter. love you guys
“About 25 years ago a strong heartless alpha meet a young omega. The omega was only 15 at the time. He was young and rather beautiful. He had a heart of gold. He had taken a liking to the older alpha. The alpha took that as consent and claimed the omega. Never asking the omega what he wanted. The omega was upset about not being given a choice but the alpha showed him that he was truly sorry, that he thought the omega wanted to spend forever with him as the alpha did. He promised the omega the moon.”
“Night, Dean,” He watched as Dean turned and walked back to the door. Dean turned back to face Cas as he opened the door and gave a small wave.
“Do you want me or Sam to drive you home?” Dean asked still looking at him with that worried expression.
“Yes, Gabe where is he?” Castiel looked up at the nurse hoping that she had an answer.
“I’m good, Mama. Come in, I’ll go get, Sammy.” Dean left Mary standing in the foyer. He walked back through the living room, dining room and a small hallway with Dean and Cas’ on one side and Sam’s on the other.
“I thought that was you,” she said to Cas as she got to the fence, “Emmy looks good today don’t she.”
It's hard to walk away
Garth was the first to notice that Dean had gone a whole day without coming into the garage and sent Benny to in to check on him. Dean was 25  weeks pregnant and not and large as he could be but definitely sporting a baby bump. Benny found him snuggled in his bed moaning, seemingly in pain. He was laid curled on his side, his hands were wrapped protectively around his bump and he seemed asleeped.
He walked away from Cas, who was still sitting in the floor, and over to the bassinet, where his beautiful blue eyed baby girl slept soundly. He brushed a finger across her small hand, smiling down at his daughter, he hadn’t noticed that Cas had moved until he felt arms encircle his waist and hot breath tickled his neck.
“Can you and Cassie read to me, Daddy?” Emmy asked half asleep but with large pleading eyes.
“Dean’s sick, like really sick and we need you here. Come home, I need to talk to you and I can’t have this talk over the phone.”
Cas looked at the face of his older brother. He had shaggy light brown hair and goofy grin. Cas held up the card next. It was a bank card, with Cas’ name on it. “What's this?” he asked Michael holding the card up.
He hated what Bart had done to him, sometimes he’d wake up in a cold sweat, with the harsh whisper of “angle” lingering in his ear. But that horrible moment in the lunchroom changed so much between Cas and Dean. Dean stopped holding back with Cas. Dean would talk to him and pull him close at night and tell him that everything will be ok, that Dean was there and wasn’t going to leave him.
Dean slowly shook his head, he couldn't let Ash or Jo or even Ellen know how broken he still was, they would never leave him alone.
Dean walked over to Cas and stood beside him, “Calm down, Cas, please,” Dean whispered.
Cas smiled as he looked around his new home. It wasn't much but it was his. It seemed incredibly empty with only him and his furniture. He walked down the small hallway attached to the living room and looked in the first door. It was a guest room. Cas hope that only one guest would ever be in that room and it was fixed up for him. A dark mahogany queen bed sat in the middle of the room against the far wall, in between two windows. The windows had dark black out curtains over them. Dean always hated being woken up by bright morning light. The bed had the softest sheets he could find; they were a soft blue color. The bed cover was a checkered blue and light blue pattern. A long dresser, matching the bed, sat against the wall with the door; a matching taller one on the other wall beside the closest door. Cas closed the door and walked down the hall.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asked looking at Dean, “It a little past seven and you have been here a while you have to be hungry by now.”
Sam’s alarm went off bright and early. A new day. Dean climbed out of bed and went to pee. He really had to pee. Next he walked into his room and woke up the snoring twelve year old tangled in Dean’s blanket and spread out like a starfish on Dean’s bed. “Sammy,” he sang, “oh Sammy. It’s time to wake up.”
Cas stood up and placed a hand on Dean's shoulder, “I love you, Dean, and it's time I prove that.”
They both showed up at the next dinner on Sunday, only to be chewed again by John for missing a whole week of family dinners.
Cas froze as Dean’s weight shifted on to the bed.
“Stop,” Cas gently pushed at Dean’s hand.
“Good,” Ion said genuinely, “heard there was a tiny Cassie out there. That true?”
John was still sleeping when they got to the hospital. Mary went to John’s room while the boys and Gracie went back to the waiting room. It seemed like forever before Mary walked in crying, “He’s awake,” she said, smiling with tears still in her eyes.
After the feed and a diaper change Dean and Grace dozed off to sleep. Mary gently lifted Gracie off Dean’s chest and placed her in a small bassinet. She place a kiss on both of their cheeks before walking out of the room, leaving the door slightly cracked.
The smell from the room seemed to penetrate the entire house, just not as strong.
“As you wish , my dear,” Cas said, kissing her on the forehead.
“Whatever,” Dean sat back up and pushed his headphone back over his ears.
“Stand up, Dean,” Cas said, a small touch of demand behind the gentle words. Dean tried, twice, to push himself up off the concrete steps, but he didn't seem to be able to Cas. Cas dropped the keys into his pocket and held out his hand for support to helped Dean up off the steps. “I'm not gonna let you drive home when you can barely stand up. I can go get Ash to drive you home.”
“You won’t, Alpha,” Cas was holding Dean by the shoulders now, trying to pull him on top of him, “please, it's been so long. Fuck me, please, Alpha.”
Cas slid the phone back into his pocket, after the call ended, and went into the room he was directed to, “Holy…” his words died off as he looked around the room, off to the back side of the house a staircase led to the second story, a banister railing the edge of the stairs and the hallway it led up to. Cas could see three doors up there, and idly wondered which door had belonged to Ben.
Cas was still laughing and patted the bed beside him, beckoning Dean to sit beside him. The rain had dampened the mood and calmed them both down considerably, “Stay down here with me tonight?”
Dean chuckled and patted Cas on the back as he walked past him and laid a hand on Emmy’s head, “He didn’t understand you, love, wanna try that again or do you want me to ask him?”
He almost stopped breathing when the baby’s face shifted and Dean’s face came into view. Dean looked shocked to see Cas standing there, then briefly panicked before his face smoothed over into indifference. He passed the baby over to the alpha and walked out toward him. Cas released the breath and waited for Dean to get to him.
He wanted Dean to love him. He always had. Those six words made him happy, but it also made his chest hurt and his heart pound. Cas couldn’t just forget about what happened. He started breathing heavily, unable to catch his breath. The blankets on made him too hot and the arms holding him close made him itch. He had to get out, to move from the bed. He felt like he was drowning.
“Little, yeah. Noticed it when I got out of the stink from upstairs. Maybe we should air that out a little,” Dean joked, trying not to think about what the scent change meant.
Dean looked up at Cas, “She wants to know if you want to watch the movie with us tonight and maybe if you're not busy grab some pizza for dinner?”
He smiled at one of him and Benny, stretched out on the Impala looking up at the sky not really doing anything, and there was one of them both, still in their football uniforms, helmets raised in the air as they cheered with the rest of the team.
Mary sighed, relieved that Dean wanted to keep the baby. But he was so young, just turned sixteen, and now he was going to be a dad. A single dad, more than likely. Cas couldn’t be counted on.
Cas stopped her, “I’ve got it, Mary, y’all just go. Get there before he wakes up.”
Dean smiles at the sound. "Are you sure about this?" Dean asked as he moves down to Cas's pants.
Jo, Ellen and Bobby had arrived and were sitting at the table with Mary and Lisa. He heard Ben giggling from the living room with Gabe and Sam. Dean smiled, this was his family, most of his family. It was days like this when he really missed Cas. He wished he was standing here, in their kitchen, celebrating their daughter’s birthday.
Dean stood up and walked to the kitchen to fix Gracie a bottle.
Cas pushed Dean on to the bed, crawling over him until Dean was flat on his back. When Cas kissed him this time, it was hard and demanding. It was so unlike anything that Dean had ever seen from his shy, nerdish, step brother, he liked this Cas very much. He like this Cas so much that he preened when Cas pulled his arms over his head and held them in place by his wrist.
Dean laughed and followed him at a slower pace, stopping by the kitchen to grab two bottles of water. “I did check the weather,” Dean said laughing as he walked into the room, “there was only like a ten percent chance of rain today and that was earlier.”
Cas walked over to the window watching as the shiny black car pulled into the driveway. It had been six weeks since Emmy broke her arm and she refused to go the doctor without Cas being there. Dean called earlier explaining that she would not get in the car unless they were gonna get Cas first. Cas would be lying if he said that hearing how much Emmy liked him didn't make him want to dance. Of course, Cas said he would love to go and Dean said that he would be there in a few minutes.
Dean sank into a seat as the man began to sing, “The fire used to burn, all the words used to hurt. But you're not like us, you are different. I couldn't see that that was a compliment. Cause the last thing I want now is to be you. And the flames don't feel as hot as they use to.”
Mary came in when Gracie started crying taking her out if the room and letting Dean sleep. She smiled down at her son. He was doing a great job. He took every feeding unless someone stole Grace, changed every diaper. Today was the first time he had left her at all. She was so proud of him. He never tried to get anyone to do anything for him and he never tried to pawn her off on anyone. So Mary took her chance at night when Dean was sleep to sneak in and steal the baby. her sweet little granddaughter.
“You're not going back to his house are you?” Dean seemed upset, and Cas couldn’t really understand why.
“Here,” Michael said handing Cas the paper and a card that he had been holding. “This is Gabe now. I may not be in his life but I did find him after your grandfather died.”
“Them,” he clarified.
Sobbing filled Dean’s dreams. there was pain and the smell of blood surrounded him. flashes of blue made him shake. He woke with a jump and tried to shake off the last few remnants of his dream. He noticed that his hand was cold, and was no longer holding Cas’s. He noticed that the room smell more sour now than it had when he dozed off. His eyes flew open hoping, and dreading, to see those beautiful blue eyes. He knew if those eyes were finally open then he would have to leave. He knew that Cas wouldn’t want him there, and Dean didn’t blame him.
Cas watched until Dean had closed the door behind him, then he closed his door and flopped down on his bed.
They left the room and walked back to the living room, both sitting on the couch this time. Cas sat Gracie in lap. She giggled more and started to yawn.
“Thanks,” Dean said swallowing the mouthful of water. “I made most of this by hand. The table, benches, counters, cabinets. Hell, I redone the floors in the entire house. Lisa wanted hardwood floors for Ben.” Dean leaned against the island and finished his water, “I’m gonna go piss. After you call Anna, go through that doorway and make yourself at home.”
“I love Gabe. I spoiled him. Held him constantly. He had a crib in my room. Father hired a nanny for him but she didn't do much.”
“I was an ass in high school and really for no other reason than because I could be. I know it doesn't make much difference now but I am sorry. I’m sorry for making you ever doubt yourself. I’m so sorry for everything.” Dean kept his eyes out at the empty seats, not wanting to look at the man, that the boy he broke down everyday at school had grown into.
Dean dropped his bag and opened the door. He walked over to the bed and sat down close to the figure in it. “Sammy,” he said nudging the figure, “come on I need you to wake up.”
“She needs her diaper changed,” Dean said grabbing the diaper bag from the basket beneath.
“Cas?” Dean asked looking at him with a somewhat worried expression.
Dean woke up as Cas was able to pull out. Dean felt cold and empty as Cas pulled out and away from him, “Don’t leave yet, please.” Dean rolled over to face away from Cas, when he didn’t answer. He heard Cas rustling around for a few seconds before a pair of boxers landed on his face. He sighed and pulled them on, he felt the bed dip and the warmth was back as Cas wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist and pulled him close to him.
Emmy drifted back off to sleep before the nurse made it in the room to get her. It took the nurse about twenty minutes to come in and get Emmy. Emmy smiled when she saw Tessa again and laughed when Tessa rolled in a wheelchair, “You get to ride this time, Sweetness,” Emmy smiled as Dean helped her into the chair, “we’ll be back in a while,” Tessa called rolling Emmy out of the room.
“Sleeping Beauty,” Dean mumbled, feeling a thick film of yuckiness over his tongue, “How long have I been out?” he asked Benny without looking from his family still adoring the baby he was dying to hold.
He hadn’t realised that he was staring at Dean and Dean was looking right back, smiling. God, he missed that smile. That beautiful smile that lit up his face like the fourth of July. He looked amazing smiling like that again. Cas secretly wished that he was the cause of that smile. He looked away from Dean started doodling mindlessly on the edge of his paper. He heard Dean sigh, but could bring himself to look back up.
“Its ok, Dean,” Sam smiled softly, “it was about an hour after y’all got quite that he left, all sad smiles and shit. Just told me bye and walked out. ‘m sorry Dean.”
He sat there in the open doorway looking for the black impala to pull back up. He sat there for hours, while the sun drove away the darkness. The sun brought a new light to Cas, Dean wasn't coming back for him. He had to get home on his own. He got dressed and returned the key to the front office.
“Please, tell me that whoever did this,” the alpha said motioning to Castiel’s face, “looks worse than you do.”
“What does he mean, Dean?” John asked.
That simple act was fuel to Castiel’s already raging fire, he lick a broad strip up the side of Dean’s neck, a low sound rumbled deep in his chest, almost like a purr. Dean smiled as Cas pulled away, only to have his lips devoured once again. He sat up and swiftly removed Dean’s boxer and tossed them across the room, “That's better,” he smirked.
He tried not to think about that day when he thought of Dean because Dean was so much more than an uncontrollable teen alpha. Dean was his first real friend. Dean knew all the quirkiness that was Cas and still wanted to be his friend. Dean knew that he could play football with the best of them but would rather spend the day curled up in a comfy chair reading his favorite book. Dean knew that Cas was weird by alpha standards and Dean never called him out on it. Dean knew it all and would still let Cas sit beside him, sometimes a little too close, and never say a thing.
“Thank you,” Cas said sitting in the matching recliner.  He watched as Dean maneuvered the stroller to where they could both see Gracie. Cas smiled down at his daughter's bright blue eyes as they took in everything around her.
John let Dean get out of the woods and back on the main road before he said anything, “So when I was in the cabin earlier I was thinking maybe we could come out here more, fix up the cabin, maybe spend some more time out here. Today was nice and I think your mama would like it out here. Build a swing set for Gracie and maybe a sandbox, make it fun out here.”
He moved around the house, back to the room that Cas had sat up for Gracie, the door was opened and a soft humming was coming from the room. Dean paused when he saw Cas sitting in a rocker holding Gracie. She wasn’t asleep anymore but was grabbing at the pages of the book that Cas was reading to her.
“You know the rules, Castiel, you had your fun and now you’re an Alpha, time to act like it.” His father released him and grinned, “Are you having fun with your Omegas, son? Heard you’re going through them like candy,” he said smiling, “good night, Son.” His father turned and walked down the hall that led to his study.
And I will not forget
“Yeah,”
Cas bent down to help her, “It's okay to need help sometimes you know.” He began gently helping her into her jacket, “everyone needs helps sometimes. You’ll figure out how to work around the cast, I promise.” He eased the sleeve over her cast and stood up.
But he didn't wake up, and Dean walked back down the hall, without Gracie, and set back across from him. He smiled softly at Cas, picked up the syrup and poured it over his pancakes.
“Yeah,” Dean moaned as Cas nibbled on his ear. Cas slid his hands down Dean’s arm, before grabbing his hand and leading him to their room, to Cas’ bed.
Cas stood up and took the papers that Michael handed to him. Michael then held out his hand and Cas shook his hand, like a man for the first time in his life.
He sat on the bottom step of the stairs leading out of the gym. Tonight had not been the best night for him. Hell, he wasn't even sure why he came to this damn event. High school was a great time for him, but it was something that he had left behind years ago. He missed it sometimes, the freedom of not having to much to worry about everything, his whole life in front of him, Benny by his side, Lisa in his bed.
Dean walked out and Cas pulled out his phone and called Anna. “Where are you?” she snapped as soon as she answered the phone.
“Lisa,” one of the other teachers called getting her attention, “is that guy a parent or do we need to be worried?”
He shoved Castiel’s face back into the sink, “You hurt someone I care greatly about. You will pay.” Castiel face hit the sink once more before Crowley let him fall to the cold floor. A black, polished, shiny shoe connected with his ribs a few times causing gasps of pain from the other alpha. “You can’t treat him like that. He is precious and you broke him. You can’t break things and expect to not be punished. You deserve this.”
“Of course,” Cas agreed automatically, smiling at Dean.
It had been a long time since John had spent anytime alone with his boys. It took some convincing but he finally got Dean to agree to leave Gracie with Mary for the day while they went out to the Campbell’s old cabin. It was an isolated old wood structure out in the middle of a clearing a couple miles into the woods behind the farm that Mary’s dad owned before he passed and left it to Mary. It was about fifty miles outside of town, and only family knew where it was.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean got up from the table and walked upstairs to his room, promptly flopping down on his bed, staring at the ceiling. A smile gracing his lips until he slipped off to sleep.
Dean had finished Metallica and moved on to AC/DC before he got hungry and climbed off his bed to go into the kitchen. His feet hit the floor and eyes drifted down to Cas’ bunk. He was laid on his side, not making a sound, but Dean could see his back and shoulder shaking just enough to be noticed. Dean took a breath about to say something to Cas, but he couldn’t think of a thing, so he left he room.
Enjoy, My Lovelies
They even rode the ferris wheels once together. It was one of those old ferris wheels that only sat two people side by side. They laughed and talked and joked, everything was fine until Dean realized that they were sitting touching from thigh up. Cas didn't pay much attention to it, to Cas he was just pushed up next to an alpha but to Dean he was pushed up to another alpha and he kinda liked it. Cas tried to not feel offended when Dean slide over. After a moment of silence the joking and laughing started back until their seat was rocking back and forth from their laughter. After they had reached the top of the wheel for the fourth time the ride stopped, Dean and Cas were still laugh and joking. Dean hadn’t noticed when he had thrown an arm on the back of the seat behind Cas or when he has slid back over to him and Cas touching until he was a inch away from Cas’s face. They had stopped laughing and just looked at each other. Cas shivered slightly as he watched Dean’s eyes fall from his eyes to his lips, just as Cas was about to close the distance the ride lurched forward again and they both quickly looked away from each other. The rest of the ride was in quite. A few more stops they climbed off the ride, Cas grabbed the big bear and they walked away from the ride.
Cas beamed while he watched Mary tell Dean that John would be home in a few days. Dean's whole face lit up. The smile that broke out on Dean's face was something that Cas hadn't seen in what seemed like forever.
“Can I help you with anything, Mary?” Cas asked watching Mary clean some chicken.
Everything was great until he walked in on her and some fucking blond guy. They were fucking in the storage closet that her and Dean usually fool around in. So the hell with her.
“Hey… hey… no, its not your fault. She fell, accidents happen. God knows this is not the first time she’s fell off some monkey bars. She loves those things. This is actually the third time that she fallen off them. Once when she was just figuring them out, but they were small, close to the ground just some bruises and scrapes on her knees. Then once about a year ago, she was trying to skip bars wouldn’t listen to me at all, kept say, ‘Daddy, daddy, I can do it. I can do it!’ so she tried and she fell and sprained her ankle. This is not your fault. She knows to be careful on them things and again accidents do happen.” Dean gently lifts Cas’s face to where he’s looking in Cas’s brilliant blue eyes, “this is not your fault. I don’t blame you.”
“Because I know what it's like to be upset and not want the people around you to see. Moments like theses are why Anna is my best friend. I’ll be back in a minute,” Cas walked past Dean and back to the door music exploding before being blocked by the heavy doors again.
“Castiel Di’Angalo,” sometime during the fight Barnes realized that she wasn’t being followed, “I said follow me,” her voice was stern leaving no room for negotiation, “Uriel, nurse, the rest of you get to class before I suspend you all.”
“Nothing,” Castiel tried to sound casual but even to his own ears he could hear the almost desperation. His skin was starting to tingle. God why was this happening. “Tell Harper I’m not feeling well and I’m gonna go to the nurse.” He was on fire. He knew this feeling, this is the same feeling he had last year when he presented as an omega, before he moved to this fucked up town. He saw Dean’s shoes recede and hoped that he listened to him.
Cas and the baby stared at each other as the baby brought a tiny fist up toward Cas, almost like a wave. Cas never thought his heart would melt for another alpha’s baby but this one seemed special. Cas smiled and waved gently back at the baby. He could see the sleeve of a light pink and blue striped sleeper, so a girl, she was so cute.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m ok with pizza, same as usual?”
“Well it’s kinda simple but not simple at the same time. You’re gonna be grandparents. Dean’s got really bad morning sickness. The medicine will help and it should pass. Dean’s body is trying to adjust. Can I get a beer, I really need a beer?” Bobby asked shaking his head, “Or whiskey?”
Cas shuddered as another wave of heat hit at Dean’s words, causing slick to soak through his pants. Dean’s eyes flashed red and Cas knew at that moment that his life was over.
“Everything, Alpha, I gave up on you and Emmy, I ran away,” he stopped talking and moaned pushing his ass farther down into the bed, “I can’t,” he whined, “I need help, why won’t you help me, Alpha? I’ll never leave you again, baby please,” he was squirming and whimpering through the tears.
“It's not what you're thinking,” Cas said placing his hand in Dean’s that were folded on the table. “Did you notice how much your scent shifted?”
Cas walked inside and sat back on the couch. John and Mary had disappeared to somewhere in the house. He pulled out his phone and started looking for apartments.
Mary was done feeding Gracie, so Dean walked over to her high chair and scooped her up. “I’m gonna go give her a bath and get her ready for bed.” Dean leaned over to his mother and gave her a kiss on the cheek, “Supper was great. Save me pie, please.”
Dean always knew that he like both men and women which was one reason he still hadn't forgiven Benny completely for going off to war and getting his ass killed. Benny was so much more than just Dean’s best friend.  Benny was Dean's everything for years. He would fool around with whomever he like, but it was always Benny in the end, until Lisa and then  he was still right there.
“‘Bout six weeks since the claim. Schools been in for a month and it was at the beginning of break” Mary said, looking down at the table. She knew she should have told John before now but she was scared of how her husband would react when he found out that his big bad alpha son submitted to a Di’Angalo. She looked up at John and saw the rage building behind his eyes.
Dean tightened his grip on Cas. It was the first time Cas had told him that. The first time anyone that wasn't Sammy, his brother, told him that. Dean was scared to love Cas but would never let that show. "I love you too, Cas," he said into the dark messy bed hair the younger man was sporting.
Dean looked for Cas over the next few weeks but the omega was gone. He had left school. His house was empty and locked up tight. He searched around the house and town looking for any info on his omega. Nobody knew anything, well nobody but Old Man Rufus, the Novak’s caretaker, and well he threatened Dean with a shotgun, that if he didn’t leave the property within the next two seconds his body would never be found. Needless to say Dean ran like a hellhound was chasing him.
He took over Bobby’s garage a few years ago when an accident left the man in a wheelchair, but how exciting was that, being the co owner of the town's only car shop? He didn't go off to college like most in his class did; he stayed at home and worked two jobs, saving moving to make sure that Sammy could go to college.
How Dean is doing after the locker room.
How was he ever gonna be able to look at Dean again? He remembered Dean saying no, that he wasn't going to have sex with Cas. Cas violated him this time. He took what he needed, wanted, and sank his teeth into his neck.  Dean now had a mark to match Cas’, only Dean was okay with his.
“Yes, I am.” the shaggy alpha said, “Why are you here, Dean? Why care now?” He moved from standing in front of Dean to sitting in a chair beside him.“From what Cas had said I didn’t think you would come, told him he was crazy for putting you down. But, anyhow, what are you gonna do, now that you know?” he paused for minuet waiting for Dean’s answer.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said softly as they walked through the kitchen. Cas stopped and turned to look at him, “Thank you. You didn’t have to do any of this, but you did. You could have left me crying on those steps, and I’m not sure why you didn’t, but thank you.” Dean stepped forward, invaded Cas’s space and wrapped his arms around the slightly smaller man. “Thank you,” he whispered.
"Follow this road it'll lead you into town and follow the hospital signs you see it before you get to the hospital."
“Yeah, I will,” Dean didn't want to move, but Cas was right; Mary needed to know that they were okay and that they were going to stay here tonight. It was so easy being here, being wrapped in the scent of his alpha, fuck not his alpha but his, well, his whatever.
Dean looked up at Gabe, “Yeah, babygirl, we can try.”
You'll be thinking damn I knew him
“Yeah, I know,” Dean snapped walking away from the picture and over to the window looking out to the street, the group of alpha’s were now in front of the house leaned against the impala, he wanted to open the door and yell at them to get the fuck off his damn car but he knew that he couldn’t take on all the alpha’s out there so he dropped the curtain, “I can’t leave him on his own.”
John and Mary looked confused, Bobby sighed, “Think of it like his wolf is both Alpha and Omega, but he will only ever be Castiel’s omega. He won't present as Alpha or Omega unless he chooses to be Castiel’s omega. According to the studies, the claim will never go away, but he isn’t a traditional omega, therefore he can’t be treated like one. He can do everything the same as a beta. In the eyes of the law that’s what he will always be. A beta. Unless he is with Cas. It’s happened before, not a lot but it’s been seen.”
P.S. I own nothing other than Emmy.
“Burn, burn, burn
“We have had the time of our lives
Now the page is turned
John spoke up again, “You said you were ok with him being here. Do we need to figure out something else?” he was looking at Dean. John could see the struggle in his son.
Can't you tell?”
The hardest part is when you know
Dean smelt him before he saw him. His hands got sweaty and they were shaking slightly as he held on to the door of his locker. his heart sped up and for the first time in two weeks a small smile graced his lips. He turned around thinking he would see Cas standing behind or at least close to him but he wasn’t. Dean looked around to see where he was, he had to be in the hall. Then Dean’s smile faded as his heart broke.
“I had hoped that by now Cas would come back, but mom, I'm not sure if he is ever gonna love me. I miss him. Sometimes it hurts so much because she is just like him. I know I fuck up I’m not trying to make excuses for what I did.” Dean took in a shaky breath, “She needs him. I need him but he doesn’t need us. I wish you were still here, sometimes I just need your advice, but I understand. Things just got too bad, you just got too sick.” Dean was crying, his head laid in hands sobbing quietly.
There was so much there behind every word and every stroke, there was so much pain and triumph in this song. He seemed to had faced a lot while he was here. Dean hoped it wasn't because of him.
Michael was fuming, “call it what you want, but it is still his fault.”
Sam’s was a bit different, “Let me finish this page,” he grumbled still in the back seat.
He watched as Ellen greeted and talked to the boys. Cas was hit with a sudden wave of sadness. He looked up at Dean, to see him looking back there was something different in his eyes, a new brokenness, sadness. Ellen had told him about ‘Drea, of course she had, why wouldn’t she?
“Yes,” Dean answered like it was the most obvious answer in the world.
“Yeah,” Dean whimpered.
“Ask Cas,” Dean told her.
“I will in a minute, dude, almost done,” he said a little louder, with a hint of a growl in it.
“The way I see it Dean you have three choices. You can make him go with you and hope that maybe he ends up loving you and her. You can release him, ask him what he wants to do with the baby. If he says he doesn’t want her then you take her. Show him that you love them. Or you can ask him if he wants to do a complete bond, and you two try to work shit out. He does care for you but you need to let him choose.
“What was being said at school.” Dean wasn’t sure why he asked, other than wanting to know the answer, but he really felt like kicking himself as he watched Cas’ face change completely, going from a kinda happy drunk to a drunk guy lost in thought.
Sam and Dean were lost in conversation when the waitress returned with their drinks, sitting one in front of Sam and the other by Dean, “Your food will be out in a minute and Ellen said that she would be out in a minute to see y’all.”
“It’s otay, Cassie,” Emmy kissed his cheek and slid out of his arms. She stood beside Cad and grabbed his hand. Emmy lead Cas away from where Dean and Sam were standing in the foyer.
Dean pushed Cas away when he started thinking of Cas as his Alpha. Cas wasn’t his Alpha. He might have hoped it once but that was a long time ago, now Cas is a sperm donor at best, “You don’t get to do that,” Dean mumbled before turning around to rush inside.
hey guys sorry its been so long please enjoy. let me know what you think. unbetaed all mistakes are my own.
“By friend you mean Dean Winchester, Castiel, he is not your friend” He could almost hear her exaggerated hand movements that she uses to get a point across to him, “Where are you? I’ll leave right now.”
Mary spoke first, “Wanna know why Cas left, Dean?”
They used to yell
Hey guys so another short chapter hope yall don't mind to much. i'll try to write more but even if its another short chapter there will be another update next weekend. Love you dudes!!!
“Do they pick on you often?” Dean asked reaching over to the table by the bed and grabbed the pie. “Mom made it, gave it to me when she picked up Sammy.”
Dean turned to go inside when a hand landed on his shoulder, “I am sorry for pushing you away like that but I need you to listen to me. I had my reasons, maybe not the best reasons, but I thought that I was doing what was best for us both. I loved you so much, I still do, and I’m sorry,” he sighed  and moved in front of  Dean.
Dean was moaning below Cas, god, he was close he could feel it, almost there. “Fuck,” Dean moaned and began to come, turning his head to the side, revealing his neck, submitting to Cas once again.
Dean bypassed the elevator and stepped into the landing of the staircase. There was a flight above him and a flight below him.  Dean took a few steps and stopped; he kissed Lisa here for the first time. He had been so nervous. Lisa had been so different from all the other girls. She was the cheer captain and had a part time job as a yoga instructor but she was super smart; she was in the top ten of their class and got accepted to Harvard. Dean could only guess why the fuck she stayed with him and would come back every summer.
Sorry for any mistakes. If any are to bad just let me know.
Emmy ran through the house, “Daddy, look, Daddy,” she ran into the kitchen holding a box wrapped in pink paper. “The man at the door gave me a present. He was pretty, Daddy. His eyes were like mine.”
They watched finding Dory mostly in silence, except when the laughs were needed and boy were a lot of laughs called for.
“Yes,” Dean said a little harsher.
“Yes sir,” he gasped as a hand closed around his throat, “J-John… sir… p-punched me.” His father released his grip just enough for Cas to breath and tell him why he was that close to a Winchester again. “I was just walking by. He was outside and saw me. I’m sorry sir.” "
Finally Mary answered the phone, “Dean, why are you calling me during school? Are you ok?” she asked.
He walked out of his room and knocked on the door next to his, a mumbled, “what,” came a few seconds later.
The was a rapid light knock on the door, “I got it,” Dean said pushing himself up out of his chair. Rearranging Gracie as he walked, he made his way to the door. He couldn't say that he was prepared for the person on the other side. “W-what are you doing here?” Dean asked.
“Just take it and bring me back the box.”
Dean chuckled, “We grew up and I turned to football and you turned to weed.”
Dean didn't say anything just looked at Sam and then changed the subject, “I told Cas you could take him home if he wasn't comfortable with me taking him home.”
Cas smiled sweetly at the words. “You are welcomed here whenever you want.”
“Yea, you did.” Cas could almost hear Dean smiling. “I’m okay with it though.”
Then there was Kevin Tran, smart ass little asian. He had skipped a few grades so the torture on him was pretty nonstop, and it just wasn’t from Dean. A lot of people pick on the kid.
Cas sat down in front of Dean, who had his knees pulled up to his chest, almost sobbing. Cas could smell the sadness thick on Dean. He had never meant to hurt Dean, so he told him, “I didn’t want to hurt you,” he gently placed a hands on Dean’s knees, frowning as Dean tensed beneath him.
“Of course, sir,” the lady said and ended the call.
“Thanks,” Sam said as Cas called, “Drea” from across the room.
“I’m sorry guys,” the omega blushed, “I’ll be back with your food in a few minutes.” ‘Drea walked over to Cas and his friends with her head just a little lower than it had been just a moment ago, while she was talking to Dean and Sam.
Cas stepped back into Deans space, “And, I faced you,” he smiled softly, before leaning in and stealing a kiss. It was soft and quick. Cas moved back leaving the both with smiles. “I’ve wanted to do that since before you started picking on me.” A horn honked outside and Cas laughed lightly, “Thats Anna, if I don’t go, she might break in the door.” Cas started back toward the door and pulled it open.
Dean didn't know the voice, but it was enchanting, deep and rustic, like a glass of fine aged whiskey, and Dean couldn't make himself not listen if he tried. He sat hidden as the man on stage seemed to pour so much into the word.
Dean didn't say anything to that. he wasn't really expecting anything to come out of the last few days but he was happily surprised.
“I'm not gonna do that to you anymore. I'm gonna find an apartment and do what I can to make sure you and our daughter have everything you need or want. I'm going to be the alpha I always wanted to be and not the one my father tried to turn me into.”
“I told you, I’m very successful in what I do.” Cas smiled at Dean, he couldn’t believe that Dean like this show. “And he is friends with my ex.” Cas laughed as Dean continued to stare at him, “and he wears those dirty scuffed up boots all the time. You have no idea how unsexy someone can be until you see then in nothing but a speedo and those boots. It's horrible.” Dean laughed along with Cas. “You know what,” Cas pulled out his phone and fiddled with it for a few seconds, “I might have a picture. He thought he looked hot, and he so did not.”
"Yes sir, I'm fine it's just I left home with my boyfriend yesterday and today he's gone. Left me at a crappy motel room to get back home by myself. He said he loved me and he just left. Who does that?" Cas replied feeling the tears pouring down his face.
Dean made his way upstairs. He paused before pushing open his door. He stopped mid-step as his eyes fell to his bed. On his bed lay Cas, and on Cas lay Gracie, both sound asleep. Dean pulled out his phone a snapped a few picture from different angles as he walked up to the bed.
Dean walked upstairs with Gracie. He laid her in her crib and walked across the hallway to fix her a bath.
John was standing on the front porch, it was freezing but he needed space. Mary was right, as always. Things with Kate had gone on for too far. He knew what he had to do. He would never give up his family or his omega. He had a phone call to make. He was about to push the send button when something caught his eye, someone was standing maybe a block down, looking in his direction. He shoved his phone in the pocket of his blue jeans and started walking toward the person.
You'll be thinking, damn I knew him
Cas smiled at Dean as he brought the quilt over to the couch. “Thanks,” he mumbled as Dean handed it to him.
Dean stood completely still as Cas leaned into him. He knew what was about to happened, but he couldn't bring himself to move. He stood there anticipating the way it was going to feel when Cas’ lips finally met his again. It was perfect, just like a year ago. Dean sighed into the kiss, leaning into Cas as he encircled Dean with his arms. Cas licked the seam of Dean’s lips and Dean hesitantly parted his lips for Cas, for his alpha. Cas deepened the kiss causing Dean to moan, a sound that was swiftly swallowed by Cas.
Dean tries to deal with school. Everyone's favorite demon makes an appearance and major bad Cas.
Mary knocked on Dean’s door, he knew it was his mom because it was a soft knock, two quick little raps, “Come in,” he sighed sitting up on the bed.
Cas smiled he figured that was where this was going, “Benny?” he asked already knowing the answer.
The shower was great. It was hot and steamed up the bathroom. Cas leaned back against the wall and slid down it to the floor. He laid his head back against the wall and just sat under the hot stream of water.
Cas had expected Michael to show up and demand that Cas come home but surprisingly, so far Michael had stayed away.
Before he could protest Dean flipped him so he was facing the wall he was being violently shoved into it. Dean held Cas in place by holding both arms down at his side. Cas tried to fight against him, to pull his arms free but Dean was too big. Dean dropped to his knees behind Cas, and shoved his face into the dark wet spot on Castiel jeans, right at the back, almost between legs. Cas was driving Dean insane.
Cas would never admit to the damage that Dean leaving had truly done to him. It was a hurt that he would never forget and something that would always linger somewhere with him, no matter what happened with him and Dean. One day he would be free of Michael and his all alphaness bullshit family and he would apologize to Dean and beg for the rest of his life, if he needed to, to get Dean back in his arms and he would never ever let Dean go again.
Dean chuckled lightly before walking down the hallway to the left of the stairs. There was a small cupboard under the stair, that held the extra blankets and sheets. Dean opened the white door and grabbed a quilt.
“Alright,” the doctor smiles, “ the nurse will be back in a minute to take her to the cast and then once all the paperwork is done y’all will be free to go.” They shook hands again and he patted Emmys leg before walking out of the room.
John grabbed a fork out of the cooler bag and handed it back to Dean, “Enjoy,” he smiled. As Sam walked up John tossed him two sandwiches, both with his name on it.
Mary was the light in the house. She was kind and loving, always did her best to make the ones around her happy. She lived to see her boys smiles. Working part time as a nurse, one of the few jobs an omega was allowed to have, barbaric I know. She knew how to  make people feel better, but not always medically. She had a gift. She was the best omega that many people know.
“Don’t want to.”
Dean could see the moment it registered in Gracie’s face what she was seeing. She cooed and started reaching for her Papa. John reached over for her slowly, and Dean meet him halfway, placing her gently in his arms.
Castiel stood looking at the large white house. He saw Bobby walk out and pull away swiftly. John followed him out a few minutes later, just standing on the porch looking down at something in his hand, a phone maybe. Castiel had meet Bobby a few times. He knew the older man was the family doctor and Mary's brother or uncle or something. If Bobby was here, then Dean was really sick.
Cas laid his head on top of Dean’s, not believing the words that he just heard, “You want to stay?” he asked Dean. “I want you to always be here, but I never thought that you would want to stay here.”
The air was tense inside the room. Cas knew how bad he had messed everything up. He knew that the family that just rescued him from Michael probably wanted to hang him upside down from a tree. He really just wanted to run from the room and escape them also.
“We need to talk,” Michael said, answering John, he then looked back at Dean and added, “about that.”
Cas shivered as Dean scented him and felt his head feel light. His skin started tingling, it almost felt like it was crawling, that's when he felt the first bit of slick leak out. He watched as Dean’s eyes shifted from their normal beautiful green to a very intimidating alpha red. Dean’s eyes drifted down to the pack of alphas still standing at the corner but now facing them, “Get inside,” Dean growled, all alpha voice.
“On the house,” she said as Dean tried to pay for the burgers.
Dean walked downstair with Grace wrapped in a blanket and held close. Dean took his seat back on the couch and continue to feed Gracie.
Mary stepped in between the two alphas and Sam followed her. Mary’s face was smudged with mascara from crying, her eyes were bloodshot. She was wearing John’s favorite shirt, her blonde hair was still pulled into a messy ponytail. “You will not do this, not today,” she was furious at the two alphas in her son’s room, “John is in a coma in the hospital, you will not start shit today, not in my house. Benny, stow your shit or get out. Castiel, it is late you need to leave and if Dean wants to see you he will message you. Dean, give me Grace, I’ll go feed her. You try to go to bed. Sam, go get in bed, you need rest.”
All of these years - When we were here
Sam popped the movie into the dvd player and went to sit down until he noticed how the little family on the couch was sitting. He pulled his phone out and slid open the camera, taking a picture before moving to the other end of the couch.
Crowley watched Dean with a small amount of fascination and curiosity, “I’ll just be going then,” he said to Dean, who already had his eyes half closed.
When it came to Cas, she acted no different, “I’m sorry, Mary,” he whispered to her as she pulled him into a hug.
“I gotta go, bug,” Sam called over to Emmy.
“Dean being a dick,” Sam snapped.
“I don't think I’ve ever told anyone this, but maybe Gabe, when you first moved here, I hated myself. It was a constant war to hide everything that I felt for you, from the first time I saw you everything in me screamed mine. Then,” Dean sighed, “I got close enough to scent you and all I could smell was alpha. I was such a jerk to almost everyone those first few weeks, most people thought I was trying to prove dominance.
He was between songs when the bedroom door burst open and slammed shut within the same moment. That little bastard better be hope he didn’t wake up his mother. Dean would kick his ass if they lost their door again. Cas flopped down on the bottom bunk so hard it shook Dean. He removed his headphones, “What the fuck, man?” he asked leaning over and looking down toward the floor.
Now the page is turned
Cas could see Dean holding back a bubbling laughter that tried to get out, “I was gonna wait for you, you know.” Sam just glared at Dean.
“No,” Cas held out the debit card, “he said that he wanted me to stay in school and I couldn't do that if I we're looking for a job.”
Dean's moans were growing louder as Cas’ walls began to clench around him. Everything was just too much. He wanted to out last Cas but he wasn't sure he was going to. “Oh, oh fuck, oh oh,” Dean moaned as Cas’ ass and his teeth clamped down on him.
“It doesn’t matter. He knew he was hurting me and continued to do it.”  Dean pushed his plate away, “He knew that he was constantly killing me and he did nothing. He said nothing.” He pushed back his chair and stood up, “I love him but it’s too much. I want him to stay here. He needs a home but there is only so much I can give right now.”
"Yes Dean I'm fine, just tired maybe."
“That hive is still there,” Cas chuckled, looking up at the sky, “I go check on it about once a month, more recently it's my happy place.”  Cas felt the mat bounce under him as Dean rolled back on his back.
That boys just a walkaway Joe
Crowley saw Castiel standing close to his locker. No omega today, huh? First time in a month. Crowley stared at Castiel, trying to figure how was the best way to do this. It was still early, he had time to plan this out. He thinks the bathroom would be a good place, the doors could be locked. Lots of hard objects. I just can’t kill him, Crowley thought, Dean would never forgive me for that. A bathroom, right after lunch. He knew Cas, he would always be late going back to class, usually smoking in the upstairs bathroom in B wing. Thats where it would happen.
On the stage sat a large mahogany grand piano. A single spot light lite up the stage, a part of the stage. Behind the piano sat a man, all Dean could see was his profile, a sharp chin, a straight nose. Long, thin fingers dancing over the keys.
SO SO sorry about the wait on this guys I've had complete and total writers block so I marathoned season four and hopefully I'll get back in the swing of it soon. if y'all are reading my other story the hidden omega same goes for it major writers block. I'm so sorry. I hope yall enjoy. Let me know what yall think. who knows it might help finish this thing up.
Michael sighed but said nothing as he moved away from the door. He walked over to the steps and sat on the top one. Michael looked back at Cas and patted the spot beside him.
“Well Mr. Winchester, now that we have that sorted. Your Omega is in St. Jude's hospital in Delcan, Maine. He is unresponsive since the emergancy C-section. We have done all we can without your permission for both him and the child. You need to come here. They both need their alpha.”
Cas wanted so bad to reach out and touch Dean, to lay his hand on the other’s back, but he didn’t. He kept his hands to himself, “Maybe I can come over every few days to keep the scent fresh or you could take something of mine with y'all,” Cas stopped talking and just looked at Dean. He had put Dean through so much this year that he couldn’t be any more of a problem to his love, “or,” Cas continued, “I can take you both home, give that baby a goodbye kiss and leave y’all alone. It might be a few weeks of restless nights but she’ll became used to me not being there and she’ll start sleeping right again.”
“Sorry,” he mumbled to Tammy before practically pushing her off him, “I’m just gonna walk home,” he said climbing out of the car and grabbing the bear, before walking off. Cas thought a lot during the hour it took him to walk home from the fair and at the end of the night the only thing he has figured out for sure is that the bear’s name is Zepp.
Let me know what y'all think.
The faces left behind
You'll be thinking, damn I knew him
Dean looked down at his phone again. Sam should be done with tutoring soon. Sam was Dean’s younger brother. He was a freshman this year and the teachers already had him tutoring. The kid was brilliant, and Dean could not be more proud of him.
He walks in the room and over to the dresser and looks up at the large mirror connect to the dresser. Mary loved this dresser. it was one of her mother’s. It as covered in dust, much like everything else, the edges were covered in spiders and cobwebs. It had been a long time since he really looked in a mirror, no matter how dirty, he couldn’t deny the silver that had almost overtaken his scruffy face. He sighed, running a hand through his thinning dark brown hair, he walked out of the room, down the hall and out the front door.
“The fire that you tried to burn me with, it made me who I am
“I’m not asking you to forgive me but I won't leave you with nothing. Standing up to me in the hospital showed me how great of an alpha you are going to be, hell that you already are. I know I had nothing to do with that. I'm sorry for what I did to you, for everything I put you through.”
Cas rose from the couch and walked to the door. John went and sat back in the living room as Cas got to the door.
“Do you understand what’s going on?” Mary asked laying her hand on his hand, that laid on the table. Dean nodded slowly. Then, Dean was smiling. It was a small smile, but it radiated off Dean’s face. His eyes lit up. Shinning Green. “Why are you smiling like you lost your mind?” Mary asked Dean looking up in his eyes. There was a spark there just behind the green. Something Mary hadn’t seen in weeks, not since Cas left. He was happy.
The first thing Dean noticed was that he missed Cas’s scent that Dean didn’t even really notice had enveloped him until he left it. He could still smell Cas, just not as strong from where he was standing on the other side of the room.
John was sitting on the couch still playing with Gracie’s toes.
Lisa smiled brightly at Cas, “Yeah, I’m Emmy’s teacher this year. She’s talked about you a lot since her party. Do you want to come say hi?” She knew that Dean would love to know that Cas was still showing some interest in Emmy. “I know she would like to see you and Dean won't care.”
Dean lies down on the bed and Cas rolls into him. "I love you," Dean says, "no matter what don't forget that," running his fingers through Cas's dark messy hair.
“Jerk,” Sam smiled.
Dean had a lot of low points in his short almost 19 years but that day, his actions, was by far the worst thing he had ever done. He hated himself for it and he knew Cas hated him. He knew that Cas wouldn’t want to see him but he is Cas’s alpha, so this is his responsibility.
“Even when he's high out of his mind, that boy has the sense to be scared of Jo,” Dean and Sam chuckled then.
“We don’t have to stay,” Sam said as soon as he spotted Cas.
Cas walked out of the stall fixing his shirt and buttoning his pants.  He followed Sammy’s steps to the sink, turning on the water he splashed his face and washed his hands. Dean caught his eyes in the mirror too. He watched as Cas turned around and looked down at Dean, still sitting on the floor, before he turned and left the room, leaving Dean sitting alone and uncomfortable in the restroom stall.
“Not really,” he said sitting back down on the stool, “I didn’t expect you to remember me, but you sure did know how to make life hard on a few of us.”
To these memories
Dean was in a state of bliss, best sex they have had. He was completely satisfied. Cas was being all sweet and loving. Cas was still locked inside of him and still laying on top of him smothering him with small kisses. Dean smiled and pushed slightly on Cas’s shoulder, “roll over, we can lay on our sides until you go down.” Cas smiled and did as Dean suggested. The movement pulled a little but Cas didn’t mind he wrapped both arms around Dean and held him close to his chest.
Dean looked away from Cas and down the road, he wanted to tell Cas yes, to claim those soft kissable lips and love him the way he deserves to be but he can't, so he doesn't say anything, he just kept looking down the road. It took Dean a minute to notice the group of men down the at the corner of the road, he said nothing just looked back at Cas, “I’d love to Cas, but it's best if I go home,” Dean paused and looked back down the street, “when is Gabe coming back?”
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, “ that’s him. You have my permission to do whatever is need for both him and the baby. What is it?”
“What do you want to do now?” Dean asked around a mouth full of pizza.
Dean seemed to be frozen, “Hey Cas,” Dean called out as Cas stepped on the top step, “Me too. From the first moment I saw you.” He stopped talking, while he walked to the door. It was his turn now, the kiss wasn’t soft and sweet this time, it was sloppy and hungry, and was ended by a loud exaggerated honk of Anna’s horn. “How long are you gonna be in town?”
Benny was a complicated man but he claimed that he had already meet his mate but it was when he was younger and she was just a child. She might be around Dean’s age now. He said that she smelled light a light floral and honeydew on a fresh breeze, said it was the best smell in the world and that he would find her again and settle for nothing less.
Mary stood up and walked over to Michael, “John has just woken up and what's happened with Dean is nothing to you, whether Cas is the alpha or not. As for Cas’ arrangement,” She held up her hands and put quotes around arrangement, “Dean’s right. You simply pimped that boy out to the family you thought worthy of a Di’Angalo. You would rather have him be completely unhappy with some rich omega than for him to be happy with people who love him. How can you be so selfish.”
“I asked first.” Dean said, “How about you tell me something, any reason that you're so upset and I will give you some of what's in the dish.” Dean was going to share with Cas anyway, but Cas didn’t have to know that.
Cas doesn’t remember much after that. When he woke in his bed, he could see it was dark outside, so he must have been out for a few hours at least. “...Sleep, Sir, you can't go in there,” was the first thing Castiel heard his room came into focus around him. The voice was strong but lacked any power behind it, Ion, again was trying to save Castiel’s ass.
Don't get it twisted”
The crowd dispersed, Uriel turned to go to the nurse, before Cas turned to follow Barnes.
“What do you want, Bart?” Cas snapped, “and don’t call me that.” Cas looked around and everyone was looking a them, including Dean and his goonies.
“Naw,” Cas smiled up at Dean, “She’s too pretty to look like me. I see more of you in her. Yeah she might have my hair and eyes but she has your cheeks and lips and nose. She is just so cute.”
“You heard didn’t you, that Kate called?” Mary nodded sitting down beside her alpha. “She’s been calling since I left her, kept saying there was something I needed to know. She said that she was pregnant and the baby was stillborn and she's dying. She begged me to come to her and stay till it happened but I’m not. I won’t leave you or the boys or Gracie. I made a mistake with her and I’m sorry for it but I’m done with her.
“How about we buy it this time instead of renting we both know that you’ll want to watch it over again. We had it what four days before you let me turn it last time,” Dean said pushing the buggy toward the back of the store, “be thinking of what you want for supper, sweetheart, anything at all.”
“Hey Gabe,” Dean said turning back to the grill, cleaning the grill with a wire brush. “How you been?”
He got up and walked over to his dresser pulling out a tee shirt and baggy shorts and  pulled them on. There was a light knock on the door. Cas ran a hand through his hair and walked over to it. He opened it to Dean standing there in his clothes slightly awkward.
“I’m not sure this is a good idea,” Cas said as he watched Emmy swinging to the next bar. His heart stopped as he realised that she missed the bar. She was falling and Cas was running to her before he even realised his feet were moving. When he reached her side she was screaming and clutching her arm.
“I know,” Dean grumbled.
“It’s ok, Dean,” He said softly. “Why don’t you go lay down in my room. I’ll bring up a pot and clean this up.” Sam helped Dean up off the bed and into his room. He helped Dean down on his bed and rushed down stairs to get a large pot from under the kitchen cabinets. He brought it up to Dean before going back to the kitchen, where his mother was starting her tomato and rice soup. it was what she always fixed him and Dean when they were sick.
“This is Kevin,” she said smiling, pointing to the minion in the middle of the three, “he’s the bravest and this is stuart, he plays guitar,” pointing to the one with only one eye, “and this is Bob, he’s my favorite, he becomes king.”
“Would you like for me to go get your keys, so you don’t have to see them?” Cas offered pushing himself off the steps and into a standing position.
Dean knocked on the door before opening it, “Mom’s here. Come on,” Sam picked his bag up off his bed and followed out Dean out of the house.
“I’m sorry,” Dean patted Cas’ shoulder and got Cas to look at him, “I am so sorry. I’ll make it better Monday if you want me too.”
Mary didn’t say anything at first but Cas saw her face fall slightly. “You’re not intruding, Cas, you are family too,” she said it earnestly and Cas knew that she believed it, but it didn’t change how things were at the moment.
Dean smiled, a sad little smile, “We could of had it all, all of it. You could of been my alpha. I would have present as an omega and only have been yours. Forever. I guess I still could if I still loved you.” He pushed himself up and looked around the room, his room, Cas was sitting in his room. His senses betrayed him, as the room began to smell like home for the first time in a year. A small growl grew in the back of his throat. Fuck Cas and his fucking scent.
Cas was awake when Dean slowly looked up. Cas wasn’t looking at him, but down where his hand lay just inches from Dean’s. His fingers twitched, aching to hold that hand again, but he didn’t. He wouldn’t. He waited for Cas to say something, anything. The silence surrounded them, the only sound was the peeping from the machines, echoing around the room.
Dean moved under the blanket beside Cas, “I think I fell in love with you that night. The way the moon shined in your eyes, the way you talked about that beehive you found in the woods, how you sat and watched them for hours.” Dean rolled over on his side and looked at Cas, “the look that you had on your face while you talked. I wanted to kiss you the whole time you were talking and that terrified me.
“With Sam, I told him go somewhere else when he walked in. I should call him,” with that Dean grabbed his phone off the table beside John’s bed, where it had been charging, and walked into the hallway.
“Yes, Alpha, anything, just help, please.”
“Now, Mary said a moment later, “why don't y’all head to the house?” Mary grabbed her purse and pulled a twenty out of her wallet, “stop and grab a pizza or something. I’ll be home later. Y’all can figure out the sleeping arrangements.”
Dean spent the rest of the night hitting on girls and trying to get laid. There was one, Suzy, who was rather interested in Dean and as Dean put it she had pretty red headed friend that thought that Cas was sexy. So the four of them headed out to the impala, Dean and Suzy leading the way followed by Cas holding on the bear and the friend, Tammy or at least that what Cas thought Suzy said her name was. Dean had parked in the back of the parking area almost hidden from view by some trees. When they got to the car Dean and Suzy climbed into the back seat not  wasting anytime. Dean had his hands up her shirt and Suzy had her mouth attached to Dean's neck before Cas and Tammy even opened their door.
“Your house is beautiful, Dean.”
Dean slipped away the first chance he got. He didn't really think as he let his feet wander the halls of his old stomping ground. The halls still looked about the same, still lead to the same places. He would stop every few minutes as a memory popped into his head, like when he passed the janitor's closet that he used to make out with Amanda and everyone else he thought was worth a little in school attention, but mainly Amanda and the Lisa.
Cas had realized that the tears had welled up in his eyes again until one fell down his check. He quickly brushed it away but the motion did not go unnoticed. "You alright boy? I know it's none of my business but it's not often I have a crying young man in my car."
“Just don’t leave her again,” Dean whispered, “please don’t punish her because of me, of what I did.” Nothing else was said and Emmy was rolled back in sporting a sky blue cast, that almost did match Cas’s eyes. She crawled back onto Cas’s lap and snuggled into his chest. Cas wrapped his arms around Emmy and pulled her close, holding on to her for as long as he could and trying to let Dean’s words sink in.
He felt the baby move at 9 weeks, it was just a small little flutter but it was the best feeling in the world. He was spending more time in the garage, loving the smell of grease, oil, and alpha. He wouldn’t lie, Benny was a bit intoxicating. Where Cas was all sweet fresh apple pie, Benny smelt like spicy gumbo and saltwater. It was different, but oh so good, and best thing is that the alpha wanted nothing from the young omega.
Disclaimer: I own none of the characters other that Emmy.
And I will not forget
"I'm not gonna push you. When you get done go get a shower and go to bed. You look like you haven't slept at all. I'll wake up when dinner's ready." She said as Cas finished his food. She took the plate to the sink and washed it off as Cas got up and went upstairs to his bedroom.
Cas laughed, stood up and left the room. It only took him a few more minutes to get ready to school. He walked around the house collecting what he needed and fixing him a bagel before he walked out the house, checked to make sure the door was locked and walked to his car.
Dean closed his eyes and smiled as Cas kissed his forehead. Cas sighed and pulled back some only causing Dean nose closer to him. He usually tried to keep his wolf in check and is good at it, unless it’s affection. His wolf loved affection, simple as that.  Cas smiled and wrapped his arms tighter around him. Dean slowly began to drift off to sleep.
Cas moved from his seat and sat beside dean, “Anna made me come to this stupid event,” Cas said. Dean remembered Anna real well, he just often forgot that the bossy bright redhead was Cas’ sister. She was a year younger than Dean but that had never stopped him before. “She said that I should rub it in everyone's face how successful I had become, but when I walked into that gym all I could hear was every taunt and threat that you and Benny ever yelled at me. Everytime Benny called me a faggat and taunted me about how much I wanted to suck you both off. Did either of you think of what your words were doing to a teenage boy struggling with his sexuality?”
And I will not forget
Castiel wasn’t even sure of what was  going on until Crowley shoved his face violently into the porcelain sink. “What the hell, dude?” Castiel gasped trying to get out of the grip Crowley had around the back of his neck.
Pizza arrived. Dean paid for it  and went back to the couch. They ate in silence.
Dean knew then that Michael knew, whether Gracie stayed asleep or not was irrelevant now. Somehow Michael had found out.
Cas accepted the extended hand, and with help Cas pulled himself, swaying slightly. His head was spinning, his lungs felt like they were on fire and he could almost feel the bruises forming along his side. He looked up into the face of his helper, dark hair, broad shoulders, tall. Ion.
Blood was oozing out of various places on Castiel’s body and face, “I know,” he gagged around the blood in his mouth. Crowley landed one more good kick before he left the bathroom, then the school.
Gracie let her head lay on the stuff animal for moment before she would pick it back up. She did this a few times, each time longer than the time before. “She’s sleepy again. How long has it been since she woke up?”
“Mary, if he is sick, then take him to the doctor. Me being there isn’t gonna make anything better,” John stated in a matter of fact kinda way.
He had let Dean touch him, he had begged for Dean to touch him. He kissed Dean and he sat on Dean's cock. It wasn’t Dean’s fault this time he had control. Dean gave him control and he... God what did he do?
“I was staying at the house and your grandfather wanted then both to go away but Luke wouldn't back down. He wanted his son taken care of.”
“That, I’m afraid, is up to your alpha, not the staff. I’m gonna check you, make sure everything seems fine,” she seen Castiel’s body tense as she went to remove the blanket of him. She stopped short and looked at the omega’s mate, “Perhaps, this would be easier for him if you leave. I can’t make you but it is a suggestion I strongly advise you take.”
“It around 4:30 in the morning and you remember Cas right?” Dean asked watching as his little brother pulled himself up into a sitting position.
Dean didn’t move, so Sam tried shaking his shoulder,this woke Dean, but only just, “I got pizza,” Sam said, showing Dean the pizza.
“I love you, Cassie.” She said hugging his legs.
“I’m your brother, and you sat there and let them call me gay and a faggot. Made everyone laugh when the thought of how much I wanted my stepbrother to fuck me.” His eyes had started watering again, and Dean heart broke a little.
Cas nodded before realising that Dean couldn’t see him and strutted out, “Umm… yeah I will.”
He pulled into the main parking lot of a large white five story building covered in windows. God he hated hospitals. He found a stop toward the back of the lot and parked. He opened the door and was hit by a gust of cold air. Damn it’s cold, he thought, grabbing his brown leather jacket. He climbed out and headed toward the front of building.
“Maybe not,” Dean said, wanting nothing more than to pull Cas to him, “but it will be ok.” They were both quiet for a few moments. “Do you remember last night?” Dean asked his voice slightly shaking.
“Don’t hurt him again,” she threatened.
Dean smiled, “Come here,” he grabbed Cas by the wrist and led him out the back door. The sun had set, and the moon was full, there was even supposed to be a meteor shower tonight. Cas had been so unhappy the last couple of months, Dean understood why after everything that happened with Bart, but graduation was in a couple of weeks and Dean just wanted to see Cas smile.
Cas took a deep breath and looked at Dean, “I came to warn you, to tell you he was coming. ‘Drea called off the engagement.” Cas looked over at Michael before adding, “Not because of Dean, but because she found her mate.”
He stepped up to Dean and looked down at the baby. She reached up with a little balled fist and patted his face. That's when it hit him there was something familiar about her beyond the blue eyes and dark hair, that’s a combination that she could have gotten from anyone, but her scent apples and spice, almost like pie but more of a leathery spice than a sweet spice, that’s Dean and the apples are from him. He ran a finger over the baby's hand and looked up at Dean, “She’s ours,” he stated, knowing that he wasn’t wrong.
“We don’t really have a reason. He lost a lot of blood before he arrived, and almost lost the baby. It could be simply because he doesn’t want to wake up yet, or it could be he is healing. He’ll be okay, along with your daughter.” She smiled sweetly before moving over to Cas’s bedside checking on the machines. “He is doing fine. His vitals are great, so really I guess it’s up to him when he wakes up.” She swiftly left the room. He leaned back in the chair right before the door cracked open again, “Try talking to him, it might help.”
John smiled at his son, his pride, “How about we talk about all this in the morning and we all get some sleep.”
They sat on the couch together. Cas slid as close to Dean as he could without sitting in his lap. “It doesn't mean that everything is going to be rainbows and unicorns but there is no undoing this bond.”
“I’ll be there soon,”
John let them fight just a little longer before calling out, “Get off your brother, boy. Lets get some food and start fishing, hows that sound?”
Cas gave Grace the passi and moved her so that she was laying against his chest. This was the most content he had ever been in his life, with the man he loved beside him and their daughter on his chest in their home. He didn't want this to ever end. He knew that it would though.
“I know,” John said pouring a cup of coffee and drinking it black. “This isn’t what I hoped would happen to you but you're smiling again. It’ll be ok. Oh, your mom no school today Bobby’s gotta talk to you.”
“I tried to,” Dean sighed flopping down on the floor leaning against the wall and running his hand through his light brown locks, “Do you remember that day about two months after school started back?” he asked. He really hated bringing up old memories of him and Cas, “You were surrounded by your alpha friends and some omega was glued to your side. It took everything in me to walk up to you, after you hadn’t cared in the bathroom, I knew you probably wouldn’t care but I hoped you would and you had a right to know. When I asked if we could talk, you told me to stop being a needy bitch and move on, so I did.”
“I’m done, I can go get her if you want,” Cas said shyly.
"I love you too," Cas barely whispered already half asleep.
“Why aren’t you in the gym with everyone else?” Dean asked him looking back at him over his shoulder.
“I know,” Sam sighed, “I’ve got Emmy taken care of. Keep an eye on Cas. I’m not comfortable with this Dean.”
Dean smiled and followed behind Cas to the car. Dean closed the door behind Cas as he slid into the passenger seat before walking around the front of the car and climbing in the driver seat.
“You to, Major,” he said turning to walk off.  He made her way out of the still almost empty building and headed for D-wing, which was already in his sights. He sighed and took a step out in the cold. Damn, it was cold. He walked briskly across the path and entered D-wing by the Library.
At that moment there was a rough knock on Dean’s door, “Sam time to get,” John said before walking past the door. Dean listened for the knock on Sam’s door but one never came.
She smiled softly, “He is in the waiting room. I swear that man asks about you every ten minutes. He was rather furious when we told him your mate was with you. We had to call security before he calmed. He seems to care a great deal about you dear.”
“I’m not here about Castiel,” Michael seemed to pull himself up taller as he began to speak again, “I’m here about the Child,” He snarled the word, like it was the worst thing he’d ever heard, “What is she?”
Dean slept through the night. He hadn't had a full night sleep since before Gracie was born. He woke with a start, looking for Gracie. Last night came rushing back with the strong smell of apples and pancakes. Dean pulled himself out of bed and walked out of the room. He checked the room beside him and saw an empty crib, Cas must have her. He followed the smell and ended up in the kitchen. He didn’t say anything as he entered the room, he just watched. He watched as cas danced around the kitchen with gracie to music playing from his phone. As the song ended cas flipped what  an believed to be a pancake and spun around with gracie.
Dean smiled. He loved that look. It reminded him so much how it was before. Before that day, Cas used to look at Dean like that when he said something that Cas couldn’t understand.
Dean passed through the room and into a small hallway, the inside wall was lined with windows. three of the four windows had the blinds drawn covering whatever was behind them, but there was one window left open. Dean looked in, laying in a small plastic bassinet, with a white blanket with pink and blue stripes swaddled the most precious thing Dean had even seen. He didn’t need to see the name on the pink piece of paper to know that she was his, he could just tell. She was sleeping with a tiny green passi in her mouth. Dean smiled and place a hand on the glass. This small bundle was his, his and Cas’s. They made this. He knew that he was completely in love already.
At 32 weeks Dean saw his Gracey again. She was getting bigger, but Bobby said that she needed to be just a bit bigger. Everything seemed to be growing good, she was just small. Dean was happy to get to see her again. He couldn't wait to hold his baby, just eight more weeks.
“If he wants to babygirl,” looking back down at Emmy. Cas was standing beside them before Dean could look back up at him, holding his arms open for Emmy, both of them smiling. Cas gently took Emmy in his arms and Dean gave up his spot willing to the beautiful omega that haunted his dream and stole his heart about seven years ago.
“Sorry for what, Cas?” Dean asked, rubbing his hands up and down Cas’ calfs.
Only a few people knew he lived here now and he wasn't expecting any of them. He opened the door to see Dean standing on his porch with Gracie in her stroller. Cas just stood there looking at Dean.
Dean looked up at Cas as he walked into the room his soft lips smiling slightly up at Cas. He ended the call, stood up and walked over to Cas, “Thanks,” he said taking the clothes that Cas handed to him.
