John thought he could easily pass for a corpse if it wasn't for the chest rising and lowering slowly and the sound of the machine confirming with each beep that his heart was still beating in his chest.
He dragged him away, left the evidence with one of his agents and then, with John's arm still clutched in his hand, led him to the service car. An old dark blue sedan.
He called his attention with a “Hey Greg" and raised a waving hand. The detective looked up from his notebook and signalled for him to come closer.
Policemen in neon yellow vests stopped his taxi and he got out, having left a twenty-pound note with the driver, who was happy to keep the change. He showed his card, and the good officers let him through without a word. It was a dreary autumn morning, a warm drizzle covered the city. The sky was white, covered with clouds. As always.
John tried hard to distract her, but for at least a couple of months the little girl had been stressed and nervous, crying practically all the time. He could only calm her down after hours of rocking her in his arms, and then she would fall asleep on his chest, exhausted. Obviously he didn't even think about moving her, so he stayed on the sofa or on the bed until she woke up, which was always after exactly four hours, and then he started all over again. The night wasn't any better. Finally, the morning would come and they would both collapse eventually.
John wanted to touch him more than anything, to make sure he was really there, but he wouldn’t do that. He wouldn't move an inch from where he was, and he wouldn't stop looking at him.
"What the hell? I can't leave without any answers! He can't talk but maybe he can write!" complained Greg.
"Forget it." He cut off the conversation and closed in on himself, hoping the Scotland Yard detective would get the message. Thankfully, he didn't pursue the topic and the ride was silent again.
"I understand how upset you are, believe me, I've been doing this job for forty years. We are doing everything we can for your brother. But this doesn't help us, a climate of terror and rancour can agitate other patients - “ the poor doctor had no chance to finish his speech because Mycroft had grabbed him by the lapels of his lab coat.
Shit... He didn't mean it that way. He wasn't mad at him. Not like before. He didn't answer, though.
"I'm John Watson. That is, Dr. John Watson. And detective..." he didn't know why he'd had to add that last bit of clarification.
He pushed his friend into the passenger seat and climbed into the driver's seat. Lestrade rolled down the window to turn off the flashing light on the roof of the car and left the curb at full speed.
Memories of their last encounter were creating his personal hell. In fact, he was sure that was what hell looked like. He was being punished for the horrible way he had treated his best friend. But if it really was his punishment, why was Sherlock the one who fared worse?
The voices sounded agitated, from the tone, they were arguing. Lestrade made to go and check, but at that very moment the sliding doors at the end of the corridor swung open and Mycroft Holmes steps in.
He drank some more glasses, left the money on the bar and went out. The cold air helped him clear his mind, just enough to remind him where he was. He decided to take a taxi. Even though he wasn't drunk, he was moderately tipsy: his vision was starting to blur and his thoughts were now incoherent. He liked that feeling, at least it could stifle the guilt for a while.
His hair was smeared with blood and stuck together, at least one head wound was visible. What must have been a shirt of some shade of blue was torn in several places, underneath there were other marks, it was all a mess of bruises, swelling, and bleeding wounds.
"Here comes the evening flight. Let's ask the control tower for permission to land," he put the spoonful of mush into the little girl's mouth, which she opened with squeals of happiness while clapping her tiny hands.
John gave him a dirty look to which the detective replied with a smirk. Knew he was hitting in the right places. Bastard.
John looked almost automatically in the direction of Mycroft and regretted it because the gaze of the eldest of the Holmes brothers was crystal clear like a mirror: it reflected hate.
"Well, that wouldn't be bad… If Sherlock doesn't do it, who else will. Sometimes I think I'd like to have his memory, but then I also think it’s not worth the trouble."
All the three men entered the room where the hospital staff had placed Sherlock after his time in intensive care. Much to Molly's disappointment, for not letting her in. John heard her complaining to Mrs Hudson, while the latter tried in vain to reason with her.
He had no clear destination, so walked for a while; then he saw an already open pub and decided to go in. There were only two men inside.
"How is it going here?" the doctor walked over to check on Sherlock, who squeezed John's hand even tighter.
"I can buy this dump that you call a hospital, and have it demolished if I want to. I'll call one of my doctors who certainly isn't incompetent and have my brother transferred to a private clinic where he will get superior care."
After all that had happened, he couldn't bear to stay there any longer. In that house, with that constant, everlasting presence. He felt as if he'd been stabbed in the back. Like a betrayal.
It had been a difficult time for everyone, and Rosie had also felt the effects. Being only a few months old didn't stop her from missing her mother.
Was getting soaked because of the rain but he couldn't hear anything, just the frost that had taken hold of him.
This statement annoyed John quite a bit. A relative, when Sherlock couldn't even remember what Lestrade's first name was.
Mycroft, on the other side of the bed, stood next to Greg. He was more still than a statue: he didn't even seem to be breathing.
Sorry it took so long! Above all, I apologise for not having published in December. With the holidays in the middle, I didn't get organised in time and so I didn't make it, but I didn't forget this story! In fact, the writing is going very well, I'm on chapter 14!
"All of this is because of you! You left, after insulting him and blaming him for the death of your criminal wife!" John felt hatred towards Mycroft for those words but the furious man had intimated him so much that he kept quiet.
John was tempted to go in anyway: he wanted to see for himself but sat down in the plastic chairs along the corridor, along with Greg.
John didn't even realize he was staring at him, but was too focused on trying to hear the voice he was going to answer from the other head. The call came through. Then finally there's the voice. It just wasn't what John expected.
Of course he wasn't, he was used to it by now, in fact he almost felt a sort of insane pleasure in putting himself in mortal danger. But he knew what he was doing. He made decisions for himself. Before.
"Hold me!" yelled with all the air from his lungs and without waiting for an answer, slipped half his body over the edge of the dumpster. Retrieved what interested him and dropped backwards and landed on the tarmac.
"He got a bang on the head, Greg. What do you expect him to do: give you a full sketch of the attacker?"
"Fuck!" he jumped to his feet so fast that Lestrade had dropped everything in his hand and was about to pull out his gun.
"We have to intubate him and he has a collapsed lung, we drained him before he choked on his own blood."
Many thanks to the people who left me a comment and were kind enough to offer their help! I hope it was worth it and sorry for the wait!
"I'm sorry Mr. Holmes but we are competent and we are already giving him the best care. Your brother cannot be moved in any way or he may not survive. When the surgery is over he will be in an induced coma for a few days. This is necessary to allow the haematomas, especially those in the head, to heal, and because otherwise he would not be able to stand the pain. Is that clear?" Dr. Lewis pulled out of Mycroft's grasp and stiffly adjusted his gown.
"I just gave him his dose of antibiotics and painkillers, so he may be asleep or do it soon." The woman made sure to give all directions and walked out closing the door behind her.
He plunged the pink plastic spoon into Rosie's gritty, uninviting mush, and made airplane noises while feeding it to her.
The irrational part of himself was still in that state, but every now and then the rational part peeped out and tried to give him suggestions. Like when it had suggested to him, during his late-night musings, that maybe it hadn't all been Sherlock's fault. That no one had forced Mary to get involved, and he had already risked his neck for her. She did it because she loved Sherlock too much to let him die. Yes, she loved him too much... That was the problem with people who loved Sherlock too much, who then ended up getting caught up in his bullshit and paying the price.
"I think it's his choice. The swelling caused by strangulation has decreased and the airways are open: the glands have gone down. If he doesn't exert himself, he can talk."
"Come on! - Greg spread his arms wide and then let them fall. - What the hell is her problem? I'm a cop with a badge and you practically live with Sherlock! What is she afraid of?"
The corridors were long and there were doors spaced on both sides. There were no windows and the ceiling lights were dim. There was a strong smell of disinfectant products.
"Don't think I won’t hold you responsible!" he snarled through his teeth, then turned his gaze to John, who flattened himself against the wall, wishing he would disappear.
"He'll recover. It'll take some time, but he's stubborn. He'll be fine." Obviously, he was careful not to mention that name...
"Sherlock." Greg approached, and John could see as the poor man jumped when hearing his name called.
"Yes Lestrade?" he replied almost in an excited tone. The idea of leaving the house to help with a murder case basically made him happy. Okay it was a horrible thing to think about, however he would give anything to use his brain for a moment in anything other than trying to get a baby's crying to stop.
Sherlock tried to move but without success, tried to see but could spot no one: he was squinting the only eye he was able to use as if he wanted to focus on his surroundings.
He couldn't get back on his feet after what she'd told him. And Sherlock must have got the message because he hadn't been seen or heard from again.
Molly was sobbing on Mrs Hudson's shoulder, who looked shrunken, all hidden inside her heavy faded blue and mustard yellow striped coat.
The journey seemed to take hours, instead of a few minutes. They parked in one of the hospital's reserved parking spots. Being a detective inspector at Scotland Yard had its advantages, like always finding a parking space.
"Mycroft, I think you're going a bit too far..." Mycroft's anger and threatening finger moved to point at Lestrade.
"Sherlock, it's me. Can you hear me?" he asked with apprehension, but Sherlock's expression looked terrified.
He passed under the yellow tape that had been put up to close off the driveway beside the car park. There were other officers checking footprints; and just beyond, behind a cover, was Greg Lestrade.
John saw some people in the distance. He knew them well: although he was still a few meters away, he could identify them all. He swallowed, more and more uncomfortable.
hi everyone! sorry for the wait! in the future i hope to be able to post at least twice a month! i know it can be boring to have to wait so long, i'll try to organize myself somehow.
Sherlock's mouth tightened, the black seams that held the side of his upper lip together almost disappeared.
He stared at himself in the mirror on the cabinet above the sink, hating himself. No, he despised himself. Mycroft was right. If he had stayed with Sherlock, nothing would have happened to him, because he always had his back. Instead, he had abandoned him. The person with whom he had shared everything. Even Mary would have been ashamed of him. He ran his hands over his face and through the hair. Then he turned on the shower and took a long, cold one. At least his brain would remain awake.
John prepared his daughter for the day and waited for the babysitter to arrive. In addition to all the faults he already had, he felt guilty every time he left and didn't spend time with her.
Dr Lewis put the needle cap back on the syringe and placed it on the cart, then he turned around to check the equipment and the IV. John had to move over to let him pass and go talk to the others in the room.
No, he categorically refused to believe it. Sherlock played this game once before. He wouldn't have fallen for it yet.
Mycroft Holmes approached as if he were marching in a military parade. It meant no good, you could tell from his infuriated expression.
“The two boys slaughtered in the park by the pack? No they don't seem to be the culprits. Look at the way he's dressed, he's got shoes that cost at least two hundred quid."
Dr Lewis took a syringe from the shelf of a metal cart that a nurse brought into the room and he inserted the needle into the cap of a large bottle with clear liquid.
"Where did you find this!" screamed in despair. The rain seemed to be heavier than before. The officer pointed to the dumpster.
"Yes I am, but there aren't many clues. That damn car park doesn't have half a camera in it. I mean, come on it's the twenty first century, the age of big brother. It's crazy. What about witnesses? No one saw or heard anything, and everyone was apparently asleep at the time. The nearest pub was already closed. So we've got nothing at all." he concluded the long explanation with not too much concealed frustration.
"Don't you dare contradict me! You know very well that I can end your miserable careers! Even that of the luminary here! - pointed at poor Dr Lewis who looked shocked.
John didn't decide whether he would get drunk or not. After all, he didn't mind having his mind clouded for a few hours, but on the other hand, he would have to... go back to the hospital the next day. To Sherlock...
"I think he means in the ambulance." John replied. Sherlock just laid there, staring at him, and John felt incredibly uncomfortable.
hey, I'm really sorry for the very long wait, as always translation times are very long, not because I abandoned this story. I wish I could update even several times a week, but these are the times, plus I hope that at least now it's a good writing compared especially to the first two chapters which at this point are horribly translated , I did it this job
This whole situation was absurd. Sherlock needed a quiet, stress-free place, while the exact opposite was happening.
"No need, John. I've already told you. I don't have anything to investigate at the moment. I understand your eagerness but I wouldn't know what to do with you. Look, I'll call you back tomorrow, OK? We should hear something from the hospital."
As John was engaging in self-pity, the cell phone resting on the table began to vibrate wildly, so much so that he spun around.
A man in a white coat came through the corridor on the right, he was in his sixties, with short grey hair, broad shoulders, stubby-fingered hands. A wedding ring on his left ring finger. John labelled him an ordinary man. He wore beige ribbed trousers and dark orthopaedic loafers. He must have been married for several years, given how worn his wedding ring was, and surely he had all his children already grown up, perhaps working around the world. He looked like one of those old-fashioned doctors, who had been in the profession for at least 30 years. Clean. Customary.
The face was still swollen, the purple lips and the split on the right side of the upper lip were held together by coarse threads.
They went up to the same ward as the day before. Mycroft and the others hadn't arrived yet and Dr Lewis wasn't there either.
"That's not what I was referring to, doctor. I meant the case. Do you really think he doesn't remember or is he just pretending?"
Sherlock opened the only eye he had left. Well wide open so to speak, there was only a slit with black underneath, staring at him from under his long lashes.
Sherlock Holmes was right in front of them. Lying in bed, almost whiter than the sheets. Cables and pipes were coming out everywhere, various machines were connected to him.
"So can we still get in? I am a policeman, and he's a doctor." He pointed to John, who gave the nurse a forced smile. She seemed to think about it.
John felt his skin tingling, like the sensation when someone is staring at you intensely. But he ignored it.
John threw the damn thing away and took the poor boy, who was only doing his job, by his neon yellow jacket.
Thank you to everyone who has come this far and to those who have decided to start this story. I hope to continue entertaining you in the best possible way! I know that in these difficult times, where hundreds of thousands of people are stuck at home, a little distraction can be useful. I must say that concentrating on writing is helping me a lot. Even a simple kudos or comments left behind is important <3
"Yes Detective Lestrade explained to me that you were an army doctor and even after that you continued to work as a general practitioner. You know one of my sons works in war posts, Afghanistan, Pakistan etc..."
So are the broken ribs. The hematomas on his head have reabsorbed but we still have to make sure that his brain functions are not compromised.
Strange, usually at the third always answered if was available. John let it fail and put it down. Maybe Sherlock had seen his number, so he didn't answer him…
It was at least an hour before Dr Lewis showed up with his white gown perfectly pressed and clean, his stethoscope polished and resting on his neck, and his operating room shoes on. Grizzled hair combed without a hair out of place.
John had just finished his breakfast and was tidying up the kitchen when his mobile rang. He left everything as it was and ran to answer, the name of Lestrade appeared on the display.
Sherlock's head was covered in bandages, held together by a net that completely hid his curly black hair underneath.
The car was heated and comfortable. The only sound was the police radio. He tried to relax against the seat.
John was about to walk away without retorting, but something was holding him back. Or rather, someone was. He lowered his eyes. Sherlock's hand was still tight in his.
John bit the inside of his cheeks. He was indeed the contact person and the contact number to call in case of any eventuality, but he wasn't sure he still was. Surely Sherlock must have changed it.
With infinite slowness, he lifted the only eyelid that was still free enough. His eyes were bloodshot, and a black pupil was staring back at him.
"It's normal, he had some bad head injuries. He might not recognise you, at least for a while. We have decreased the internal haematomas, but it will take some time." the doctor said.
"You did this!" John tried to open his mouth to retort something, but Mycroft's murderous stare made him desist and he closed it again.
Mycroft and Molly were still staring at him with rancour. He supposed that if they could, they would choke him to death only by the strength of their thoughts. Maybe not, but they were definitely trying.
"If you can help me with the procedure. Surely if there are two of us, it will be even better, don't you think?" explained Dr Lewis.
"I know things are not great between you and him, but sooner or later someone would have come to you for an explanation. Anyway, you can't be the culprit. Your hands are too clean. No scrapes on your knuckles, no scratches to the hand or the arms. These are things that for people like you and me would have immediately jumped out."
Dr Lewis reached out a hand towards Mycroft, who gave the poor doctor a nasty look instead of being polite. He was about to lower his hand, which was still in mid-air, but luckily Greg intervened and shook it firmly.
In the morning, when he woke up, Rosie was sleeping next to him. He did not even remember that he took her from her cot. After a kiss on the baby's head, he left her still asleep and went into the kitchen, leaving the bedroom door half-open in case she woke up.
The eyebrow had a deep cut and there were abrasions on the forehead, probably due to the impact with the asphalt. The cheekbone was an insanely yellow and purple in colour.
Lestrade handed him a pair of latex gloves. He slipped them on and placed a hand under his body, turning him over.
"Yes however the relatives of your patients usually can't buy your place of job and demolish it after they fire you on the spot." Lestrade attempted a laugh, but Dr Lewis didn't look amused.
They entered through the main entrance and followed the signs. In the waiting room there were a few people already, although it was still quite early in the morning. Most of them were elderly.
"I beg your pardon. It's not that I don't trust you, but I've been ordered not to let any strangers in."
"Don't think you can threaten us like that Mycroft Holmes! We don't work for you, we're not some bloody flunky of yours that you can treat like trash! We're worried about Sherlock too, what do you think! And the only reason he's still alive is because John was there!" John appreciated Greg's attempt to save him from Mycroft's wrath, but at that moment it wasn't a good idea to pour gasoline into the fire.
It had taken him forever to spend his lunchtime. Obviously, he hadn't touched any food: just a cup of tea, which had even made him nauseous. Too much anxiety.
After a while, a nurse dressed in white, pushing a cart, came in and entered Sherlock's room. She came out after about ten minutes.
Jumped on one of the ledges and climbed using all his might. The lid was still lifted, so he only had to lean inside. Peeked into every corner, until he found what looked like dark cloth rolled up.
John turned around and walked out without looking back, not even waiting for Greg to go out with him.
Sherlock's fingers tried to twitch but he was still too weak and groggy from the drugs. The open eyelid moved around.
John watched the doctor's every move. He knew the whole procedure and what he was doing, and it comforted him a little. He was a good doctor after all, unlike the way Mycroft disparaged him.
"Excuse me, Mr Holmes, but as I have already explained, your brother cannot be moved. He is too weak and even a draft could make him worse and cause him pneumonia or worse. Is that what you want?"
He was dressed to the nines, a smart tailored suit, shiny new shoes, a dark blue trench-coat over his jacket and an embroidered fine wool scarf.
Sherlock moved finally his arm and hand, brought it to his throat, touching the bandages with his fingertips, then up to his chin and his lips. His expression changed. It looked as if something was choking him: he was trying to get the breathing tube out.
Mycroft, for his part, gave everyone present a murderous look and turned on his heel, leaving the hospital exactly as he had entered it.
Paramedics loaded the man onto a stretcher and John gave them the full story of what had happened and what he had been doing to treat him, explaining that was a military doctor.
"If my brother dies... -it was John who was wishing to die at that moment. - I will find you guilty! And I swear, I will spend every moment I have left to live, making your existence a living hell. I'll take away everything you love, you'll have nothing, not even a lousy job as a garbage man. You'll end up hanging out with Sherlock's homeless, misfit friends, and I promise you, I'll make sure no one even gives you one pound."
After a few more minutes, Sherlock’s breath seemed to have become regular, although the doctor’s experienced ears could hear gasps every time he inhaled.
Lately, however, she had regained her appetite, slept through the night and the crying had dropped dramatically. A sign that things were getting better. They were going to get better. They had to get better, for each other. Of course it didn't mean forgetting Mary, he would always talk to her about her mother, he was sure of that. But now they had to make another life for themselves, away from those who endangered them.
"Fine, I think. The nurse said she gave him antibiotics and painkillers.” this time it was John who answered.
“Mycroft,” Sir whispered. That word. It meant something. “Sherlock, did you hear me? Mycroft.” Sherlock. Mycroft. Sherlock's safe word to break for a moment was Mycroft. John was using it. Needed a break. John, not Sir. Sherlock jolted a little as reality pushed back in, brought him back down to earth a little. John pressed skin to skin with him, about to enter him, and God that was an amazing thought, but something was wrong.
All Sherlock felt was wonder. He stared at John's hand on his wrist and with that contact everything in Sherlock just... stopped. His mind was silenced. At
“Yes, Sir,” he almost moaned. Sir pulled the end of the cotton robe belt through the belt buckle at the front of his right shoulder and tied it off, then wound it around his boy's torso and arms, staying in almost constant contact to help his boy maintain his balance. It was then, as Sir's shirt brushed across his boy's tightly peaked nipples and made him gasp, that Sherlock realized that Sir was still fully clothed. All except for his cock still out, brushing against his skin and leaving cool trails of precome behind to mark it's touch; almost like a second touch, like Sir decorating his boy with himself. That thought, coupled with textures of the cloth rubbing across his skin as only certain strips of it were covered, and only covered where Sir wanted him covered, had him about to come on the spot, completely untouched.
going on in my mind. For the first time in days it's blessedly quiet in here,” he tapped his temple with his free hand, leaving John's grip on his wrist, loathe to lose that tentative connection. They'd maintained eye contact, and Sherlock saw something interesting pass through John's eyes; relief, and under that, an infinitesimal spark of heat. Coupled with the contact and quieting of his mind, an answering heat was coming to life in Sherlock's belly.
Murmuring praise, he let the shaking in both of them subside a bit before pushing himself up. Sherlock mewled as John's cock slipped from his body in a wet gush and John couldn't keep himself from spreading his boy's arse open just to watch the fluid trickle from his hole. It was depraved as hell, and felt so dirty but in the best way, and his boy just moaned and clenched, trying to keep that bit of his Sir in. John had the presence of mind, barely, to release the belt buckle on the back of Sherlock's left shoulder, slackening the entire restraint before pulling the tie at his arms off and leaning back to untie his boy's ankles, tossing the whole mess to the floor. He got up on shaking legs and got a wet cloth from the privy to clean his boy with, helping him turn over off of the soaked pillow, tossing that to the floor as well. He'd have to replace that, he thought with a slow grin. He stroked Sherlock's chest, pulling a sheet up over both of their cooling bodies.
An idea started to take form. What if Sherlock needed to be introduced to a side of himself that he probably didn't even know, or acknowledge, existed in him. It couldn't be verbal, since Sherlock could talk circles round him. John had to
it means something.” He felt John's gasp against the damp skin of his back. “John, it means... it means
him. It had to be John too, because Sherlock trusted him. He'd never submit to a stranger. Ever. The idea excited John, in surprising and not so surprising ways. His cock was trying to perk up at the idea of Sherlock submitting to him, and a whole wide realm of possibilities played like a slide show through his mind tha- No. John shut that down. Assume control, go from there. Sound strategy, even if he'd be winging it. He was taking a gamble, certainly, but the payout would be worth it if he was right. Right.
“By me. By my domination over you? Or your submission in general? Or...” John cut himself off, not daring to voice his hope.
“Alright, compromise?” Sherlock stopped, eyes narrowed. “Can you sit for a bit instead? Please? I'm almost done. Won't be too long.” Sherlock looked at him like he'd just said the daftest thing, but finally he sat.
John was patient and understanding of his quirks and strangeness. He accepted Sherlock as he was, and stood up to him when necessary, and John had no clue as to what that actually meant to him. John didn't know it, couldn't possibly, but he was also Sherlock's rock. His stone and tether to keep him grounded and humble. Well, humble enough. Sherlock knew he was not an easy man to know, let alone live with and work alongside, but John took him in nearly unflappable stride. He looked down into the man's cornflower blue eyes and saw something in them that called to him, called to his frenetic mind. John's eyes said, '
Sherlock felt drunk and high and stoned all at once and all in the most delicious of ways. He was finally, finally free of his mind, and the relief brought tears to his eyes. As Sir got him laid out on the bed he noticed the tears and his eyebrows went up in surprise then furrowed in concern. His boy shook his head and smiled before Sir could worry. He never wanted Sir to worry about his boy. Then Sir disappeared for a moment, returning to kneel beside him on the bed. Sherlock felt his Sir wrap a thin strip of what felt like cotton cloth around the base of his cock and tie it. It was tight, but just on the edge of painful, and he knew Sir had done it purposefully. Sir knew his boy well.
“Say something, Sherlock.” John's voice was barely more than a rough whisper. “Tell me what's going though your mind right now.” Sherlock nearly laughed at that, but levity had no place in a moment like this.
“Murder for full stop, Mycroft to slow down, Sir.” Not even a snicker this time. Perhaps he, like John, had felt the intensity of the room shift and realized what was to come.
“Explain. No lies or this ends now.” John barked a little sharper than he'd intended. Sherlock's head snapped up at his tone, eyes locking with his own. Bewildered, yes, but John saw nothing but naked honesty in the jade depths. Maybe Sherlock was banking something on John's answers as well.
his orgasm. Sherlock looked on in breathless confusion as John shook and groaned, brow furrowed as if in pain, and he supposed the man had a hellacious case of blue balls from being that close and retreating so suddenly. John opened his eyes finally, finding Sherlock's dumbfounded expression and smiling ruefully.
“No, Sherlock, no.” John needed to stop him right there, his head shaking frantically, his face becoming more serious. “Just stop,” he added with authority.
“If he’s already gone, brother,” he fires back in warning at Mycroft, who stands watching silently from the doorway.
That last one should have been cleared out by the pneumonia meds, but a soft tissue or skin infection was a possibility.
He pushed it open and leaned against it, as he closed the door behind him, for just a moment, letting out a heavy breath. He never could get used to these endless nights when they were case-running. Even as a doctor it was not his best skill – staying up all night. He needed sleep. Desperately. His legs and his back were aching. He flicked his hand up to turn on the light to his room.
“I know you are all aware of the goings on recently,” he said, not acknowledging John’s actions. The team shuffled uncomfortably in their seats. “And despite what you may think, Doctor Watson has given us valuable information around extending the lengths of the jumps we are undertaking. We may, in fact, be able to extend the eight-minute barrier, although we don’t know how each of you will react. There is still an element of risk here. We need more time to look into it. Doctor Watson has also provided us with a possible suspect from his research which I’d like time to investigate further. But unfortunately, we are out of time. Orders have come from above. They’re shutting the division down, until further research can be done. The risks have far outweighed the benefits of this technology. So we’ve been asked to cease operations. As of tomorrow evening.”
“Oh Sherlock, you’re awake,” she said fondly, with a genuine smile that didn’t improve his reaction to her. She turned towards him more, and Sherlock allowed his eyes to flick past her to John, who was not looking at him; his eyes were firmly planted in his wineglass.
“You’re in a hospital in Belgrade, brother. John isn’t here,” Mycroft said. Strangely, he didn’t make eye contact as he said it and Sherlock couldn’t work out whether it was guilt, or if he was lying.
“That’s not like a Holmes brother,” Greg joked in response, to which Mycroft didn’t reply, choosing to take another drink instead. “I’m surprised Sherlock didn’t set you right. I’ve been with her my whole adult life. As long as he’s known me. He’s heard me complain about her often enough.”
“I don’t know what happened, but you weren’t paying attention that’s for sure. One minute we were all playing the game. The next, the other team’s brickhouse came right at you and took you out!” Mike exclaimed with a little chuckle. The game paused for ten minutes while we tried to stir you
in my head every day. It won’t leave. His head… the pavement…and his words…” he let that thought drift away briefly looking lost in those memories before shaking his head to clear it, looking skyward to stop the tears from showing. “I can’t get it out of my head. I can’t take it anymore. It’s the only way I can get it to leave my head. And you think…you think he gave a bloody damn about me?! You’re even stupider than he said you were!” John yelled banging his fists on the table.
“He said he was going to lie down, after you left. I put Rosie to bed and I cleaned the flat and got some food ready - he really isn’t eating well Sherlock.”
?” he let out, making eye contact, and John realised Sherlock had tears in his eyes. John sat back in his chair suddenly shocked into silence, watching Sherlock madly wipe at his eyes trying to cover it up.
That usually happened when he had a particularly stupid thought and Sherlock wasn’t there to chastise him for it. He let out a huff of air in frustration at himself. He could give Rosie five minutes on the swing first. Even though the clouds were starting to look a bit menacing and the light was dropping rapidly already. After he’d given her long enough, he slowed his pushes down, his heart rate starting to increase at the thought that maybe there was something exciting he could contribute to the case.
“John.” Sherlock comes closer, his steps heavy on the old wooden floor, close enough for John to feel his body heat and he wants to turn around and bury his face against that broad chest, wants to be enveloped by strong arms until he can’t cry anymore. He doesn’t move. His entire body feels like lead, flowing heavily in his veins.
The footage also clearly showed Sherlock leaving the hotel, without the woman, and getting into a cab outside.
“Fine,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Come on then.” He nudged at John to force him off the bed first. John reached a hand out to pull him up. They stood there holding hands and Sherlock kissed him one more time. “Let’s go.”
“As soon as I know you’re all settled here, and everything is in place. Don’t worry, I have no desire to butt heads with you for hours on end. I’ve found someone
“Sorry, I’m still confused. How old is this footage? How is looking at this footage going to enable us to stop someone? How can we stop this from happening if it’s already happened?”
Bumping into Mike had been an annoyance. Walking through the park, deep in thought and in his own world, making conversation was the very last thing he wanted. Re-entering civilian life had been…
Greg started to walk out, knowing when Sherlock was dismissing him, and always being obedient to this madman, god help him. But before he could leave, he threw his arms around him, just to check Sherlock was real, just to make sure. The relief of knowing he was okay was immense. After the quick hug he cleared his throat awkwardly, spotting a little smirk of satisfaction on Sherlock’s face.
“You’ll see. Just take everything in. It’s important,” Mycroft said sternly. There was almost a sadness in his voice that confused John momentarily.
He could hear friendly banter and laughter coming from the lounge; it rubbed Sherlock the wrong way to know that after the tension earlier, they were enjoying themselves, without him. After he had relieved himself, he shuffled quietly down the corridor and observed them, unnoticed from the shadows, the noise and focus of their inebriated conversation making them oblivious to his presence.
I should have kept to myself. It’s been a lot to take in, but I need you to stay here with me. Do you hear me, Sherlock Holmes? Don’t go anywhere!”
Greg put down his cutlery and grabbed it, opening the message. His eyes flicked to John’s in response. “Guess what?” he asked.
“On it,” he announced, running off eagerly to find out the information. His renewed enthusiasm and lack of sarcasm was far more irritating, Lestrade and Sherlock both thought to themselves but neither said anything.
Sherlock seemed to snap out of it, a veil of confidence returning to his face. “Yep, fine. I’m fine,” he said in a rush, his chin pointing upward in defiant confidence.
“Hey, Sherlock! It’s me. It’s John. Can you open your eyes for me?” he asked again, a little louder.
“Yeah we did. We did win.” Mike said, nodding. He liked that John was focussed on the team even in his current state. That made for a loyal and good teammate. His instincts on John were right. “No thanks to
John gave Mycroft a tentative nod of thanks, and Mycroft left without finishing the thought. He walked around the bed to Sherlock’s side this time, placing the bowl on the nightstand and bringing the medical trolley closer to put the bandages on it.
“No, you’re right about that,” John said. It had been bothering him all week, with the added effects of the drugs, Sherlock had really started to look pale. John checked the clock display on the car dash – nearly ten-thirty – not late by Sherlock’s standards.
Sherlock unlocked his phone. He scrolled his thumb to move the messages up and down on the screen aimlessly. Not that there was any point. He had written them all. No reply from John at all, nothing all weekend. Now he was at school Monday morning, waiting at the library, hopeful that John would come through the doors at any moment.
His breathing began to race, the anger coursing through him as he took in what was left of his detective, of this man he had cared so deeply for, mourned for. This was worse than seeing him laid out on the pavement below Barts, because this was Sherlock, slowly, methodically beaten and broken beyond recognition. Alive, at least, but feeling every painful moment of it. When Sherlock had jumped to his death, John had tried to square it with himself that he had gone quickly, that he hadn’t suffered. That the suffering was all in the hands of those he left behind. But now, Sherlock was going to hurt for months as he recovered from this, perhaps even for years as he overcame it mentally.
“I don’t… remember,” he said vaguely, his brow furrowing in thought and confusion. He could sense John’s posture change in the corner of his eye. John was uncomfortable or concerned by his answer.
“Oh, sure. Of course it’s okay,” Sherlock rushes to be polite, ignoring the disappointment in his gut, the growing anxiety at the things he doesn’t want to say yet.
“Oh. I don’t think that’s a good idea, do you?” Mycroft’s distaste was clear. His face spoke volumes; neither of them wanted to work together. Neither of them liked people in general. If it wasn’t with Sherlock, John wasn’t keen on working with other people, and neither was his brother. John was sure that Mycroft’s climb in the Government was purely a tactic, to have his own office and have the power to tell people when to piss off.
John sat with his elbows resting forward on his knees, his head resting on his fingers. His index fingers were moving back and forth across his lips, not unlike the postures Sherlock often made when thinking.
“No, he would have been holed up in the flat with you, right? I suspect either Sherlock is not responsible at all, or this link is just an unlucky coincidence,” he answered.
It wakes an anger in John, anger at the world and at himself, and at this entire situation. He wants to smash his glass to the floor, rip the curtains from their rod, tear this house to pieces, until it represents the chaos in his head, in his heart. He wants Sherlock to stand in the ruins and see how much John loves him, how much pain John is in, what Sherlock has done to him, unknowingly.
Sherlock had gone to bed that night with a smile on his face. In all his time at school he had not made a friend, not a real one. Aside from James, but that didn’t count, of course. This new boy, this John Watson, was different. He didn’t seem like any of the other students he’d ever met. For one thing, he wasn’t completely repulsed by Sherlock. What was his comment yesterday? Brilliant?
“Well, next you will jump with one of the team – a location jump. You wanted to go to the site of the bombing? So, we will jump you there.”
John relaxed back down and took one more mouthful, chewing quickly and swallowing as he shook his head. “No, nothing significant yet. I’ve been thinking about the day of the explosion, though.”
Sherlock practically threw himself out of the flat and onto the street. It had started to rain in earnest, the weather already shifting dramatically in the time he had been inside. The street was quiet, still in the early hours of the day with no cabs about. He buttoned his coat around him and lifted his collar to brace himself against the weather, fluffing his scarf a bit more. Never one to bother with an umbrella, he placed his hands in his pockets and walked briskly to the end of Baker Street in the hope of finding a cab on the main road. The rain water was particularly cold this morning and it stung the skin on his cheeks. If he had been travelling with John, they would have called ahead to ensure a cab, but that was always John's task, and Sherlock was stubborn. He would rather walk in the freezing rain just to get away from the flat faster. To get away from John and Rosie. As he squinted against the onslaught of moisture, he thought back over what had just happened.
“It just sort of… happened,” he grimaced. “But now that I have bumped into him, I think I should go back and talk to him more.” He shouldn’t have said it, but he was still so buzzed from the excitement and he couldn’t stop himself from saying it.
“John, don’t worry about that now,” he said gently. He ignored every desire he had to hear John take back everything in that letter. But now was not the time.
“Sometimes he can be,” Sherlock nodded slowly maintaining intense eye contact the whole while. It was flirtatious and irresistible. “Besides, he was too worried about finding a suit that didn’t make him look fat. It was easy,” he laughed.
“Get a tox screen, she’s very clearly been drugged to make her compliant,” the deep voice drifted quietly but arrogantly from across the room, stopping everyone in surprise. No one more than John and Lestrade, though, who shared another glance at each other at Sherlock’s sudden outburst. Sherlock was noticeably shaken again by the attention, looking uncertainly to John for his usual correction of his behaviour. But John couldn’t speak.
Slipping into his shoes, Sherlock throws open the door, almost colliding with John Watson, who apparently was about to knock.
“What? No John.” Sherlock let out a heavy sigh. “No. I’m so happy you’re back. It’s… all I’ve ever wanted,” he admitted softly and then sat there silent not able to look at John.
“Well now you have that. Not that you needed it to look good,” he says dismissively, keeping his eyes on the menu.
John makes his tea and toast and moves slowly and painfully out to the little verandah to sit in the early light and take in the fresh air, in hopes that it will improve his state of irritation. The mornings and evenings in the mountains definitely have a chill that remind him of London, despite it being summer. The rising sun creates a soft glow in the sky, although it is yet to grace the house with its warmth, being further down the hill. He glances up at the house – his favourite house – in the distance, as the first rays of sunlight begin to shine on it. The windows sparkle in the distance, from the attention, and it creates an angelic moment, as if the house he admires so much, with the glorious and mysterious musician holed up inside needs to seem any more perfect.
Sherlock said with remorse, shaking his head in sympathy as he took in the sight of him. His arm looked bruised too now that he had lifted his head off it.
Sherlock was nervous or tense about John looking at the body for some reason, but also seemed ashamed to look him in the eyes. Could he have been involved with this woman? Sherlock had shown zero interest in women
John walked over to the library toilets, pushing through the door and heading inside, his head full of Sherlock. He was a genius. An
“Well I’m pleased to see the police are doing such a stellar job of evidence checking,” Mycroft said to Greg with dripping sarcasm.
why.” John stood up from the chair in frustration, the anger and worry making him incapable of staying still. He knew it sounded childish.
Sherlock was stretched out on John’s dorm bed. Laid gracefully out on his side, resting his head on his hand and watching John get ready, his knees bent a little as his legs were too long. Somehow, he was gorgeous enough to make the school uniform look hot. John was distracted looking at him through the mirror, as he tried to tidy his hair and do his tie up.
“I don’t know, Molly. He’s… different… since this happened. He’s confused,” John stopped. He didn’t know what else to say about it really. Sherlock had been anything but normal at the best of times, but John was aware that Sherlock was more distant all of a sudden and he didn’t like it. Not one bit. He didn’t like feeling so helpless. And now – in front of Molly – was not the time to have a breakdown about it. That much he was certain of. “Sorry, you wanted me to…?” he suddenly asked, changing topic and returning them to the purpose of his presence here.
“You think I’m capable of stabbing that woman. Do you think I did all of them, then? That I’m some sort of rogue evening murderer, getting a fix and chasing after victims across the continent?”
man, to find out more about him. He was incredibly intimidating. His clothes alone were probably worth more than Greg’s entire monthly salary, probably without the shoes, even. He was the epitome of well-groomed and well-cared-for. He smelt amazing too, which drove Greg crazy, and he had a little vein that popped up on his forehead when he concentrated, that Greg had always loved. It was especially present when Sherlock was in trouble. He had spent many hours standing back watching the brothers interact, his eyes always watching the little vein. No matter how much trouble Sherlock was in or where Greg found him, his big brother always came to take care of him. It was lovely. Sherlock never appreciated it, or understood it, but Greg had become familiar with Mycroft’s looks. With Mycroft’s heart, even. He knew under that exterior was a caring big brother who wanted to protect Sherlock from every hurt, at any cost.
John brushes his fingertip along the shell of his ear, then along his jaw, guiding Sherlock’s face closer and into a kiss. “You certainly showed it,” he whispers, knowing Sherlock still feels a bit insecure in this, his first relationship. And John can’t quite believe that he should be the first person Sherlock is interested in.
. Clearly, or you wouldn’t approach me,” the boy said with a sneer, looking John up and down. John was suddenly very aware that he was standing in grubby white footy gear, his legs and probably his face covered in a bit of dirt. He had opted not to shower, so he could make it home in time for dinner. Suddenly he realised he was delaying himself anyway and now he would be late and grubby, and the pit of his stomach did a dance of anxiety at the thought before returning to the situation at hand.
now. He didn’t like it, but he had become middle aged suddenly and he was tired. He was tired of his daily routine which brought him no joy. Even the police work had been dull without Sherlock’s creativity lately. He missed those days. He desperately wanted something exciting, something new.
“Well luckily my left thumb is the least important finger of them all, so we’re okay. I won’t have to report it to my insurance company.”
“I mean, you’ve picked the best of the litter Sherlock. But you’re essentially a football wife now, just saying,” Mike teased.
“I—” Sherlock began, then shook his head, as if to clear it of something. “Point is, John, you’re right.”
“Doctor Watson, your clearance came through this morning, so I am able to divulge some information to you which requires the highest levels of clearance. National Security. You are unable to tell anyone else about this.”
Who was this peculiar man – Mycroft Holmes? Why had he trusted John enough to give him this USB stick, and what was he going to find on it? Was this a test? An opportunity to finally join the ranks of MI5 or MI6 if he answered correctly at the morning meeting? He sat, playing with the stick and feeling the plastic casing as he danced it between his fingers. Just an ordinary looking USB. Was he really considering this task? Was he really expecting this device to hold the fate of his future hopes and aspirations?
“I just needed the space. I… I can’t breathe,” John says, his hand gestures speaking of much anxiety. “It all moved so fast.”
“He’s lucky to have you,” Mycroft said sadly to John, catching them all by surprise. “If only he wasn’t such a stubborn arse, he could appreciate you in return.”
Mary’s grave still had flowers from the funeral – only a week before, some still thriving while others had died and remained there shrivelling against the earth. John had clearly not been here, or he would have tidied it, surely. Some stray leaves had fallen on the top of her gravestone and Sherlock waved them off as if that would help his guilt somehow.
He had caught himself doing this more and more when it was just him and Rosie. Since she couldn’t hold much intelligent conversation with him yet. It was a worry.
John squints his eyes against the bright snow outside. His head still hurts a bit, forcing him to look away. He walks to the bathroom and swallows an ibuprofen, before returning to the living room. His coat is lazily thrown over the back of his armchair and his boots are still standing by the door, puddles formed under them as the snow melted overnight. He hadn’t bothered with them when he had come home late last night.
“He didn’t want me to help. He didn’t need me there. He let me leave and say those awful things to him and then he just…he said he lied about everything. He told me he was a fraud but I believed in him… so much…and then he just…jumped and it was over.
He looks incredible in a tailored pair of navy trousers and a light blue shirt, sleeves rolled to the elbow, top two buttons undone. Elegant and casual. It takes John’s breath away for a moment as he realizes he had completely forgotten just how stunning this man could be.
“Sherlock,” John said quietly, leaning closer than he needed to, but wanting to keep things between the two of them. Sherlock mirrored the movement, leaning in to listen. “What happened here?”
He had been in here before, on at least one of the offending drugs busts, although he hadn’t been on duty to deal with the dead kid last week. He was as unhappy as John clearly was, that Sherlock had been anywhere
certainly had a good time tonight, Sarah – getting the crowd behind us all,” John said kindly as he, started texting.
“He’s half off his face right now, John. He needs to understand that he can’t just do whatever he wants and act out and then expect everyone to trust in him blindly, the way you do,” Greg accused, gently.
“Right,” he nodded to himself quietly as he ate. He took in the grounds around him. Groups of very civilised people sitting on benches, or on the ground, enjoying lunch. Their meticulous uniforms glowing in the sunlight and making John feel increasingly more insecure about his attire. He noticed a few people looking his way and pointing and he wasn’t sure if it was his appearance, or the fact that he had chosen to sit with Sherlock who was obviously a bit of an outcast himself. He cleared his throat as he turned back to look at Sherlock.
. It’s been wonderful to just get away from all of that other nonsense, and just be a little bit normal for a while. No crowds, no demands, no schedules. I’ve loved every moment of it,” Sherlock says, already dreading the idea that he will be going back to that.
He catches the person beside him watching him, and smiles nervously, before returning his eyes to the program. Suddenly the musicians begin wandering on stage and John looks up eagerly, hoping to see Sherlock but he is nowhere to be found amongst the violinists. His inexperience is showing, as he has no idea where Sherlock would fit in this collection of ordinary looking people, adorned in black. They begin to play, all at the same time and John scrunches up his nose, unsure what to think. The audience continues to chat amongst themselves comfortably, clearly well aware of what is happening, and John can’t help worrying about where Sherlock is. He looks around behind him a few more times; the audience is full to the brim with elegance and appropriately intelligent conversation and John has never felt more out of place in his life.
“We’re recording – an album, an EP, something,” he says with a dismissive hand gesture. “Apparently, since I took time off, they want to spin it with the media that I’ve been composing new music.”
“I like it because you wrote it, obviously. Because you have a way with words. I enjoy the way you paint the characters, the anatomical correctness of the stab wounds. Redbeard is my favourite. That dog is cleverer than any of the police officers.”
How Sherlock had become attached to a man that mostly yelled at him in frustration, Mycroft would never understand. Although looking back over at the bed, seeing his latest conquest, he knew there was definitely an allure in that rough-around-the-edges authority figure that he definitely shared with his brother. Too many war movies as a child perhaps? He had been eyeing Greg Lestrade off for many years and had never wanted to cross the threshold into that zone, with someone who considered Sherlock a friend. He had maintained a happy fantasy and kept it to himself – mental images merely relegated to his private spank bank. It was never going to go any further than that. Bumping into him in that seedy establishment the other day had been a happy bonus and he relished being able to sit and properly converse with him. A moment of weakness after too much scotch, had led him to the bathrooms, in pursuit of Greg, after much warring with himself. The kiss had been a surprise he never expected to happen. And it irked him that with a brain as magnificent as his own, it was suddenly almost all he could think about. He was worried that he was not dedicating his brain properly to the case at hand, to saving his brother, the thoughts too pervasive.
“What about Mycroft and Greg? They were just here, weren’t they?” John asked, concerned that Sherlock had been left alone for any length of time.
“I don’t know what to say to you, Sherlock. I don’t know how to fix this. I don’t know if I’m good enough to solve this… without you.”
you?” he asked, turning back to look Mycroft square in the eyes, as if that might pull a better truth out of him. As if lying wasn’t his most well-honed skill. But for the first time in his adult life, at least, Mycroft was suddenly struck with an emotion he couldn’t place. He wasn’t going to be able to lie to this man now, and that could be very dangerous. “
John knew instantly that he couldn’t deny it fast enough. The blush on his cheeks was all Sherlock needed to see.
of going to parties. The very idea that he might have enough friends to warrant being in a room with a collection of people gave him a small thrill. Travelling from school to school never really allowed him to be around long enough to enjoy parties, or people that much. But any time he did arrive at one, he almost immediately regretted it. They were always crowded and loud and people were always somehow a complete mess by the time John arrived. He never understood how they did that. Trying to manage a party on crutches - after the fall at the game had left him with a sprained ankle - was a new challenge that made him slightly grumpy. He knew the minute he walked in the door, that it had been a bad idea.
“John,” Mycroft said, the full parental-level reproach clear in his voice at John’s unnecessary outburst.
“… I’m not really sure what I’m looking for to be honest. John would have been useful for that, but he should focus on Sherlock. He’s only here to assist me. I do know how to investigate things without them, you know. People forget that sometimes,” he continued stubbornly.
He was nervous. Sherlock had flicked through a few pages of the file, looking at the photos, silently. He was taking his time, meticulously cataloguing details and storing them in his mind palace, but the suspense was killing John. What would Sherlock say when he found out John really
“You’re not a first-time user Sherlock!” John argued, standing back up off the bed, his voice rising in anger again already. “Don’t pretend you haven’t got some control. I don’t believe that for a second!”
For the first time in years, he has nothing pressing, nothing that has to be done. His face, initially raised into a satisfied half smile at his sense of achievement, wastes no time as it drops into a look of concern, the feeling unsettling him. No orders to follow. A master of his own surroundings. He can do whatever he wants to, and he suddenly realizes he has no idea what that is exactly.
“John you look terrible,” Mycroft said from the doorway, where he had moved to, watching John far too closely.
“Dad, stop. Mike’s gone to get him.” John did not want a scene in front of Sarah. “Sarah could you…could you give us a minute?” John thought it best she wasn’t here to see this. Lord knew what his dad would say.
, he thinks, for what must be the hundredth time. They haven’t had much contact since he left. John isn’t one for texting – what would he even say that would interest the likes of a touring musician? And Sherlock hates phone calls. The connection up the mountain isn’t great, well, it’s almost non-existent and Sherlock wasn’t likely to be patient enough to wait for an uninteresting answer from John.
“A few days?! Jesus. Mycroft, he could be dead! Is that what you’re telling me? He was alive and now missing and you… you… you don’t know
The tears come before John can stop them, hot against his cheek. Happy tears, most of them. John rubs them away with the palms of his hands, his heart aching in his chest, seemingly too big for his rib cage, somehow. All his worry bleeds away, flushed from his body.
“You really aren’t good at this are you?” Mycroft wouldn’t let up, but Sherlock didn’t answer. “John thought you were dead for
“Honestly, Sherlock, it’s none of my business. We’ve seen each other at our worst I think, in the last week. Nobody’s perfect.
“What? Oh yes, sorry,” he fumbled as he held the folder up from under his arm and brought it forward to hand to Mycroft, who then walked around his desk to sit and look at it properly.
John didn’t know what he had expected. Sherlock certainly couldn’t leap out of bed and hug him, and they’d never been huggers at the best of times, anyway. Perhaps he had hoped Sherlock would be happier about his appearance at Baker Street, at being here to help care for him. A part of him had hoped, that despite his own anxieties of Sherlock not wanting him around, that maybe he had been wrong. He
He brought the phone back in front of himself, to continue reading the information. “And a lady… not officially contracted by MI-6… name removed from the system – that’s strange…” he commented. “Tattoo behind the ear – triquetra – looks like this could be our fourth person. Known to be close to Moriarty. Not sure how we missed that.”
John sighed again, like a weight had been released from his shoulders and unexpectedly leaned into Sherlock. Sherlock suddenly didn’t know what to do. He supposed it was customary to hug someone at this point.
“Oh sorry, that’s… that was… cut. That’s a wrap,” the man controlling the sound says – Sherlock hasn’t bothered to learn any of their names.
Rosie, he corrected. A second later he had snapped out of his thoughts, turning the torch off to place it back in his pocket and let out a loud resigned breath, as he stood up. He pulled himself back out and over the skip edge, landing face to face with Lestrade.
Mycroft waited for a moment and watched as John began walking Sherlock carefully down the corridor to the bathroom, a hand on the small of his back to guide him. Sherlock’s feet scuffed against the floorboards as he dragged them lazily along, carrying his weight heavily.
The orchestra plays for a good twenty minutes with no sign of Sherlock, in fact – a piece John has never heard before and it’s nice enough, but not why he came. John starts to feel nervous, impatient and concerned. He opens his program to read a bit, the light from the stage making it possible for him to still see the text. Sherlock’s going to play the Sibelius Violin Concerto – one of the most difficult in the repertoire apparently. John doesn’t know it, though that’s no surprise really. Honestly, he is mostly just glancing at the program to appreciate the photos of Sherlock. When he looks up again, to give the musicians his attention, he catches some movement from the corner of his eye and glances over to look. From his position, he can see into the side wing of the stage, to the backstage area, and he catches the sight of familiar broad shoulders and dark hair, slicked back neatly in a way John has only seen on the poster and the videos.
It’s snowing again. The man on the radio is talking about at least fifty centimetres in the next few days. Sherlock sinks deeper into the seat of Mycroft’s car.
Mycroft says nothing. He places the violin back in its case, prying the bow from Sherlock’s death grip, and loosening the bow tension gently without a word, before placing it in the case and snapping the lid shut.
to do this Greg? Surely we don’t need to do this? Surely you know he hasn’t done this?” John started pacing frantically.
“Well then. I guess we still have some surprises for each other,” Sherlock said with a light snigger.
On one side of the table, was Detective Lestrade, with another female police officer he did not recognise. On the other, he could tell immediately it was John Watson. He knew that man anywhere, despite his back being to the mirror and his posture slouching onto the table, leaning on one arm. Sherlock had to step in closer to the glass to really look though, as John was almost unrecognisable. He had lost so much weight. His hair was longer than usual and scruffy, unruly. As he turned his head slightly, Sherlock could see he had quite long stubble – not enough to be a proper beard, but enough to look almost homeless and unkempt. He was wearing a grey hoodie, way too large for him, it looked like a sack on him, in fact. It was not John’s usual style and Sherlock suddenly realised it was actually one of Sherlock’s own hoodies. From the back of his wardrobe. One he hardly ever wore himself. It had a stain on the left arm which was recognisable even through the glass and the realisation caught Sherlock off guard and unsettled him even more than John’s appearance. John was wearing his clothes? He looked like he hadn’t showered or changed clothes in at least a week. The way his head was lolling about, he was clearly not in his right mind. Drugs or alcohol, or both had taken a toll. Sherlock had never seen John out of control in all the time he’d known him – aside from in anger and frustration. John was always so clean, and well groomed. Tucked shirts, ironed pants, neatly laced shoes that were well kept. John wasn’t one to miss brushing his teeth twice a day. He was meticulous. Fastidious.
“I have something for you.” Sherlock lifts his head to kiss the corner of John’s mouth. John doesn’t open his eyes, just makes an enquiring sound. Sherlock gets up and takes the package from his coat pocket. Settling back against John, he starts opening it, the sound of the cardboard tearing finally getting John’s attention, as his eyes flutter open.
day, or at least when he was younger, it wasn’t socially acceptable in his part of town to be anything but a happily straight man hoping to get married. So he did. It wasn’t until he had aged a bit, seen the world a bit, experienced the sting of his cheating wife a bit, that he realised there might have been more opportunities if he had looked further afield, more interesting aspects in life than an unhappy marriage.
Sherlock was delighted as John allowed him to scuttle over the mattress and snuggle gently into the crook of his neck. John adjusted the curls, so they didn’t tickle his nose, and let out a sigh.
John stood to attention, like a good soldier, eager to please. Mycroft noticed and looked him up and down before sitting at his desk.
John grabbed the toast right out of Sherlock’s hand, and took a bite, before handing it back. He placed a kiss on Sherlock’s head in thanks – the unruly, soft curls tickling his nose.
“Yes fast asleep. Mary’s here. It’s all fine, John. We’ll see you soon then. I have news too,” Mycroft added.
Since being in the military, sleeping late had never been a talent of John’s, even when he was tired and his body needed the rest. Once the dawn announces itself and the birds begin to sing, his mind is awake and ready for the day. He sighs with resignation and pushes himself out of bed. He throws on some slightly crumpled clothes from the floor and a light jumper to cope with the morning mountain chill before he hobbles to the kitchen to make tea.
“Oh Sherlock… she’s just like…” Molly began as she looked at the little girl again, her head tilted in sympathy.
“Funny. John seemed to think the opposite – that I might need to come and smooth over a few things.”
“How can you be so flippant about everything?!” John let out angrily. He had clocked that the heart monitor was increasing, that Sherlock was getting worked up and he knew he should stop, but his anger had flared, and he was never good at bringing it back into line. Sherlock had burst open some pretty dark wounds now, and he couldn’t seem to stop himself. “Why can’t you just be serious about this for one moment?”
He changed and got himself settled on one of the machines, setting the weights high enough to be painful. He need to really take his frustrations out on it and feel the burn. He was glad there was no one else in there this morning. He just wanted time alone to take it out on the equipment. He let his mind wander, only stopping once to nod at the coach who walked by, and let him carry on.
“Well yes, I’ve seen that often enough. But you’re telling me you have no memory?” he asked, disbelieving.
He finally gives the conductor a nod. The whole orchestra settles, and the conductor raises her arms. Every musician is watching, and the moment before any sound begins is enticing and electric. John feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand up to attention, begging for something to happen and it reminds him of the quiet before a battle starts, but this is even more hypnotic. Suddenly the magic begins.
“No, I’m fine. I have to go out again anyway,” Sherlock replied, starting to shuffle together some papers on the desk.
Greg stopped for a moment, rubbing his hand over his face. John could tell the memory of it was painful for him too. Sherlock meant a lot, to both of them. They both respected and loved him. The pain of seeing Sherlock ruin himself was one John could understand and appreciate all too well.
“Understood,” John swallowed hard, trying to remain as calm as possible. His mind was racing, unable to decide what to ask first. “So how far forward and back are you able to jump around?” John asked. The possibilities were endless.
Sherlock had returned to staring at the girl, brow furrowed, still chewing on his thumbnail, processing John’s assessment. Obviously he was listening, even if he wasn’t giving John any response. Something in the pit of John’s stomach lurched at the sight of Sherlock standing in a crime scene and not looking confident. The last time he had seemed that way was… well, Moriarty. The days leading up to the fateful jump had been terrifying. Sherlock had been lost, confused, and had shut John out of most of it. He had promised himself he would let that all go now that Sherlock was back. He had promised not to hold a grudge. But he felt so isolated from Sherlock in this moment, an observer. An observer with no sway, no inside pull. He didn’t want to be just an observer. He needed to be more. He needed to be the person Sherlock confided in again, trusted again. He took his gloves off and, without looking to Lestrade, walked straight over to Sherlock, who was looking paler than usual and was rocking slightly on his feet. He was coming down off
“Looks like you, Watson,” one of the other men in the room joked, and a few of the team laughed along.
…” Sherlock pushed on, not allowing John time to focus on that point. “… which also meant I could leave the flat, just for a moment – an hour at most. I wanted to give you some space. I know I’ve been… difficult,” Sherlock admitted.
“What are you doing, crazy man? Where are we going?” he asks every so often, between giggles. And even though Sherlock doesn’t answer him, John follows. Wonderful, lovely, loyal John Watson. Sherlock leads him over the bridge and to the lake.
John gave Sherlock back his hand in silence and packed up the first aid kit, standing to put it back under the sink. He turned back a little too quickly, still unsteady on his feet, just as Sherlock was also standing from the table and they collided awkwardly as John’s legs started to give way. Sherlock steadied him and John stepped out of his grip quickly, muttering apologies under his breath and avoiding eye contact, which upset Sherlock.
much,” he said, as he took Sherlock’s mouth again greedily. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back and enjoyed the tingles and butterflies dancing around inside him as his favourite person just lavished him in affection. He had never realised how amazing it could feel, and how much he had needed that. “You’re just…
John nods, a little too furiously, his voice suddenly deserting him as she gives him a knowing smile and leaves him to his thoughts, before he has to come up with the right response.
John was a little disappointed that he didn’t, in fact, get to use up his rage on the club owner. He
He patted at his clothes, checking for injuries. Opening his shirt, he checked his chest for any injuries there. His hands then went to his head, searching through his curls, and then returning down in front of his face to check his fingers for blood. No head injury.
. That dream messed with my… how am I supposed to help any of you?! And that footage… how are we supposed to get through this if I can’t even… he looked so… we weren’t ready to take on a case, not one like this. I
Suddenly John is brought back to the room with the loud audience applause, as he realizes the first piece is over. He lets go of the program to join in the applause, returning his attention to the front. The conductor talks to the audience in German. John can’t follow everything she is saying, but he understands enough to know that she seems to be thanking the orchestra and discussing the next piece, and finally he recognizes the name:
“Great game, Mate! You’re doing brilliant!” Mike said, slapping him on the shoulder as he passed by.
“Thanks,” John said, clearing his throat, and letting go of Sherlock. Sherlock missed the contact already, but helped push John back upright and steadied him on his feet.
“Someone has been tampering with his medication, Mycroft. I don’t know if he’s doing it to himself somehow, or if it’s been tampered with at the hospital or en route
“John is a complex web of emotions that I’m still learning to decipher,” Sherlock admitted, staring towards the window, deep in thought. “There’s no way you could have predicted his behaviour, his reaction to that.”
“Yes, that is the eventual goal. We’re not there yet. It’s completely investigative, observational at this stage. Some of the footage you’ve been analysing has actually been from our agents, in the field.”
He put the phone in his lap finally. “Thank you. For sitting with me. That was…nice,” John said. He was really not good at this. He rolled his eyes at himself internally.
Sherlock nodded. “Sounds like a plan to me. I mean, I tried to help this guy, but the slack git never turns up.” They both giggled at that for a moment. Sherlock could tell John was relieved that the mood was lightened.
“Kammerspek?” John tried to say, but starting to laugh immediately. “God, that’s ridiculous. What does it mean?”
As he entered the flat, John was playing with Rosie on the floor, laughing. He felt relief that John’s mood seemed improved, but before he could greet them, the nerves kicked in. He was actually…
They snuck into the back of the hall and found two spare seats on the edge of a row. The principal was already talking to the full school, assembled together. Mike walked up further to sit in his place near the front, giving the principal a nod of acknowledgement that the team was all there now. John had tried so hard to be on time and he felt a little guilty that they had ended up making a late entrance. He had always prided himself on being on time for things, but Sherlock was a terrible influence.
“He’s your brother?!” John said in disbelief, just loud enough to annoy Mycroft, so the rest of the team might hear.
“Lestrade.” Mycroft could never understand why Sherlock struggled with his name so much. After all their history.
John could see his eyes were widening and he was clearly starting to panic a little bit. “Oh, so it wasn’t genuine before?” he teased.
“I won’t be able to chase after you and your exciting life while I’m doing that. I’m angry at you because I foolishly thought you could stop the inevitable. The great Sherlock Holmes was unstoppable – even death didn’t stop
Jumping into a cab, he headed to the first place he could think of - Mary’s grave. Surely John would go there when Mary’s death was on his mind. His deductions were usually so accurate, that as he leapt out of the cab he expected to see the look of surprise on John’s face. But John was not there.
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea, is it?” Greg said a little too quickly, suddenly feeling his palms get sweaty and his face go cold and clammy.
“Well can’t you… help me? Give me… something?” he pleaded. It made his skin crawl hearing how pathetic he was starting to sound. And how hard it was becoming to even talk.
“Not really, no. Moriarty was of Irish heritage. I suppose the Celtic designs could be some sort of membership card?” he suggested.
“Right. Let’s get moving then and I’ll make some quick follow up enquiries on the way. We can hit the road and not be too far behind them. I’m assuming he wants you to meet him at Baker Street and since he doesn’t know you’re actually up here…” Greg already sat up to move, and Mycroft felt thankful that Greg understood him.
“Both, I suspect. Been sniffing around some unsolved case files and has applied for a posting with MI5, hoping for some forensic pathology work, I think.”
They stop and stare at each other intensely a moment longer, breathing heavily in the silence, the suspense of the last few hours apart catching up with them. John finally closes the distance and grabs Sherlock’s jaw to kiss him, firmly. Sherlock lets out a moan of pure delight before grabbing at John’s shirt to pull him even closer. Their kisses become more frantic and heated as they grab at each other. John pulls Sherlock’s neatly tucked shirt out of his jeans, trying to decide whether to unbutton the shirt or run his hands up Sherlock’s ribs under the shirt, the need to get as much skin contact, as fast as possible, overwhelming for them both.
Sherlock slowly looked away from her for a moment. “You could handle keeping my fake death from John for two years but you couldn’t keep this quiet for a day or two?” he accused.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sank back into his pillow after John walked out. As he breathed, he took a moment to appreciate the smells of home. It was the first instance of quiet he had been able to enjoy after the chaos of being moved in. After the hospital in Belgrade, he’d been flown back in a private plane which could accommodate all of the monitoring equipment, the infuser pumps and supplemental oxygen. There had been a short stint in a hospital in London which included an operation to debride the wounds on his back and another to put in a better plate for his ankle fracture. Now, he was relieved beyond measure to be allowed home to recover.
“Great,” Sherlock said, unenthused, still looking at the newspaper on the table beside him and pretending not to care.
John watched from the other side of the room, concerned, but trying to listen to Lestrade. He was angry at himself for the argument that had resulted in Sherlock leaving the flat in a huff. After weeks of arguing over his readiness to go out on cases, John was now not entirely thrilled to have been right. He had told himself he was being overly cautious, unnecessarily overprotective, but even with his own wild imaginings, he had never really expected it to end like this, caught up in…
The final straw had come when Mycroft had messaged him, with the possibility of a case. They had been working some of Greg’s mundane cases and normally, Sherlock would say no to his brother, just to be irksome. But this time, Mycroft had sent him a very mysterious message he couldn’t refuse. If John hadn’t been so pig-headed about him staying inside, about not going out on a case, then maybe he wouldn’t have… well it was too late for that sort of thinking now wasn’t it? He had, in fact, chosen to go, he had been enticed to get high. But he knew that he had not been feeling well before that. He remembered clearly that the last week or two – with the change of meds – things had been… foggy. He didn’t want to tell John, lest there be more fuss, more time inside, so he had been monitoring things himself. He knew what he needed when his mind was sluggish: to get out; stretch his legs; breathe London in; solve a case; follow a lead of his brother’s making. Anything to make sure he wasn’t losing his mind, for therein would lie a far greater tragedy. Drugs did also help, admittedly that was part of the temptation. That, and his mulish inability to adjust to their relationship. It was strange that Mycroft hadn’t asked anything about the connection though, given he was the one that enticed him out.
“Oh. No it’s not a problem. Rosie would love to see Nana Hudson wouldn’t you bub? It’s been a while since our last case.”
“And your parents? Christmas? You couldn’t tell Mycroft you’d like me to come. You want to keep us a secret?”
he said under his breath, but just loud enough that Molly overheard it. She gasped and her hands dropped from her work, as she turned to watch him more closely. The dance she made of deciding whether to walk to him or stay put was embarrassing. Sherlock didn’t acknowledge it, although he was well aware.
Sherlock turned around as he said it and noticed that John’s eyes had widened. Like the sudden realisation had hit.
“And I you,” Sherlock fixes him with his eyes. “I don’t think I said that before. But I do.” John’s stomach floods with warmth and his heart jumps in his chest. He uncurls one hand from around his mug to stroke a curl back behind Sherlock’s ear, a gesture that has become a habit already. He loves those curls. He has seen Sherlock on stage, hair all slicked back, tamed, but here, they are let loose, as if Sherlock can let go, be himself in this place. He likes that for him, is proud that he can be part of it.
“Is he aware of the bombing? Was he investigating it?” John pressed on. He didn’t like the idea that he was complicit in a conspiracy of some kind.
“Yeah it’s just too much in there. Too much of a crowd,” he gave a loud sigh, his shoulders sagging. “I’m not good at parties, Sarah. Even at the best of times. Without all this,” he gestured awkwardly to his crutches.
Mycroft cleared his throat. “I’m going to make a quick call – if you’ll excuse me for just a moment,” he simpered, not acknowledging John’s remark. “Mary would you be so kind as to get John a drink, perhaps have a bit of a chat, fill him in on the day’s goings-on?” he directed as he sauntered out of the room, leaving John standing there glaring at Mary sitting in the wrong chair, holding back the urge to shove her out of it.
“John.” He said it calmly, but swallowed hard, hoping John didn’t notice. He tried not to let a blush creep up on his cheeks - he felt as if he had been caught in the act of thinking about John and the question confused him momentarily. Luckily for him John had never really been able to read his mind very well, so he supposed he was wrong, but for a brief moment he didn’t know what John was asking.
Sherlock shook his head gently and simply took another sip of tea. John allowed his eyes to flick over to Mycroft who seemed to be finishing the last of his tea already, his head tilted back to take in the last of the overly-sweet liquid.
John feels disorientated, woken from shallow sleep by a knock on the front door. For a moment, he wonders if it is part of his dream, but then he hears it again, and on instinct, he looks for something, anything to defend himself with. It’s still dark outside, and this is one of the last houses before the road turns into a rugged path – no one comes here in the middle of the night. No one with good intentions.
you do.” John reached out and grabbed Sherlock’s hand in his. “Oh Sherlock, I’m sorry I pushed you away. I don’t want you to stay away at all. I want the complete opposite.”
“Give me the files, I’ll take a look,” he said reluctantly. He knew he wouldn't go. Not really. But he couldn't face the argument.
“He may have joked about thinking he would return, and you’d be waiting, but I think deep down he expected you to hate him, and to never forgive him, that he would never see you again. He had accepted that as a cost of keeping you alive and safe in the world…” Mycroft continued. John kept his eyes on Sherlock as he listened.
,” he nods, looking at his glass. “And I hope it’s not too forward of me to say I consider you a friend now.”
“You’re doing it again,” he said. Sherlock was never good with emotions on a large scale. He remembered asking Sherlock to be his best man and that was a much simpler task than this. The reaction was pretty much the same. Sherlock's brain had clearly gone offline.
“Sherlock, there’s no time to muck around with this stuff. You’re in bad shape. Is none of this sinking in? You could have died.”
“I’m with you on that,” Greg said. “What a week,” he added, letting the conversation die for a moment, both of them just watching the road snake in front of them. Eventually the car slowed as the speed limit changed and they settled towards the town, the view shifting to more urban housing, some little shops, most of them closed and dark now. The lights on the edge of the roadway finally showed the coastline. They had reached Whitby and something about seeing the edge of the continent and the outstretched ocean beside them relaxed John’s heartrate a little. If only this trip to the seaside was under better circumstances. He would have loved to be making a trip with Sherlock to a place like this. Not travelling with Greg in the hope they would find a reason to get Sherlock off the hook for murder. It was high tide and the sea lapped at the edge of the cliff faces, the rough waves an appropriate visual display of the turmoil John was feeling inside.
“John?” Sherlock interrupted his thoughts. The look on his face was slightly perplexed. He was trying to deduce what John was thinking. “Best get down there before Rosie wakes,” he suggested lightly.
Sherlock wanders around John’s sitting room, a glass of red wine in his hand, while John busies himself in the kitchen. They’ve spent an hour chatting over a glass or two already, John telling Sherlock about the progress he’s made on the house since he’s been away, now that the weather is warmer.
“Kummerspeck, John. That translates to ‘grief bacon’, meaning the weight people gain when feeling sad, after a break-up or something similar.”
“You’re still on an impressive cocktail of medications, Sherlock. I’m sure you’ve seen and heard all manner of things. But don’t worry, you are almost healed enough that we can move you to London, where we will both feel much more comfortable. Although, I’ll admit this is one of the only private hospitals in Serbia and the care has
“I think there is a strong possibility that they may have been recruited by Moriarty at some stage, yes.”
But the moment passes. Sherlock’s practical side wins out. John seems the type that would make a move, if he was going to. And he hasn’t. Sherlock needs to accept that.
“Thanks Molly. I’ll get back to you once I know more about their IDs,” he said awkwardly, handing her back the photographs and following John out.
. Of us and how I can’t stop chasing you case after case…and wanting to be here with you at Baker Street in the thrill of it all…and feeling suffocated in domestic life and eventually…well, it got her killed. I’m angry that Mary is gone and it’s down to me. It’s really
“I’m going to take your coat off, all right?” John asked carefully as he started to move the coat gently off his shoulders. Greg and Mycroft watched as well, not wanting to move or frighten Sherlock, who was still not himself.
Mycroft nodded in understanding, changing pace to walk quietly along the corridor, so he could peek his head through the door to the bedroom. Sherlock really
Sherlock closed his eyes and settled back into his pillow, his brow creasing from the pain of his back as it rubbed against the sheets. He took in a few deep breaths and tried to settle his mind. John had changed. Not only was he angry, he was acting coldly. He didn’t want to be here at all, not one bit; Sherlock could read that all over his former friend. He had known John would be angry, that he might demand answers. But this was beyond hate. It was as though Sherlock had been amputated from John altogether. Like he was a complete stranger. That hurt more than Sherlock had expected. He had been prepared for a fight, for angry words, for John to need a full recount of the last two years. This, whatever this was, felt far worse than even Sherlock had been prepared for. He lay there, waiting for the meds to start helping him drift into sleep. He knew the pain in his chest was nothing to do with his injuries.
Still, he can’t quite believe it, and has to reassure himself by looking down at the dark mop of curls resting against his chest, pressing his lips against the pale forehead, listening for the man’s calm, deep breaths as he sleeps.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t say anything. There was no judgement. John wondered if Sherlock was worried he would leave without saying anything to
“Who’s this?” he asked, looking Mary up and down, not even hiding the possessiveness that was crawling through his bloodstream. He avoided looking at John. He couldn’t face what might be in his eyes when he did.
“I know it’s hard to share something so personal,” Sherlock adds, to soften the embarrassment of the moment. “That’s how I feel about my playing sometimes – especially the pieces I write myself. It’s so exposing, to show it to people.”
He had always found a nice, attractive girl at each school to attach himself to, which is what normal teenage boys should do - especially ones on the football team. It was always more acceptable to his parents that way. Someone just like Sarah. Who was perfectly lovely, and beautiful. John was definitely attracted to her. But he had also always known he was bisexual. Or certainly something other than completely straight. He never allowed himself much time to ponder on it, though. As long as he was under his father's roof, none of that was going to matter. He had to maintain a persona and just get through to graduating first. Then he could move away and do whatever he liked.
“No, Sir,” Sherlock looked up at him with utter devotion, and it hit John like a freight train to his chest, “I trust you completely, Sir.”
“Again!” John shouted, biting at his boy's back. “Let me hear how much you want it! Beg for it! Beg for your Sir to come inside you, to fill you up with it!”
“Good boy,” Sherlock's head lowered again, though John could still see his shoulders shaking a little. “Second question.” The shaking stopped with a quick in-drawn breath, as though he could anticipate what was coming, and logically, maybe he could. Best to just get it out there then. “You're aroused, probably steel hard by now. The question is: Why?” A fine trembling of another sort ran through the robe clad body. John found himself waiting with bated breath for the answer. Sherlock's back rose and fell, rose and fell; two deep breaths before answering.
“Enjoying yourself, boy?” A strangled whimper was all he got, and that made him chuckle. He reached down and pinched both Sherlock's nipples, gently pulling, rubbing the taut flesh between his fingertips and got another whimper. “I like the sounds you make for me, boy. I cause them. They're mine. Don't keep them from me.” His boy moaned, a sound so dirty it made John's prick jump. He plucked the nipples in his fingertips roughly before leaning down and ravaging each with his lips and tongue in turn and causing all kinds of cries and moans. His boy was close. He ground his own erection against his boy's again, and Sherlock cried out desperately.
“You? John Watson, wounded soldier turned sidekick to the great Sherlock Holmes, you think you can dominate a personality as large as mine? Hmm?” Sherlock saw the self doubt in John's eyes, and felt his stomach fall. Come on man. Time for the real test. “That's what I thought,” he said with a sneer that felt ugly even to him. He started to pull his wrist from John's grip. “Maybe someday but obvious-”
“Murder for full stop, and... Mycroft, to slow... things down...Sir.” Haltingly spoken, as though trying not to laugh, as was John at that moment. He let an amused snort escape and Sherlock looked up. They shared the moment of humor -God but did he look gorgeous on his knees and smiling- before diving back in.
“What if I don't?” Sherlock had to test him one last time. John looked startled by the question, but the answer should've been obvious if he only thought a moment.
“Please! Please, Sir! Please come inside me? Please shoot your hot come deep in my arse?” His boy's cries intensified. “Please, fill me up, Sir? Please? Please!” Mindlessly begging now, just the way John wanted him. Keeping one hand in his boy's hair, his other hand worked its way between Sherlock's body and the pillow, tugging on the end of the quick release knot he'd used to secure the cotton strip around his boy's cock.
when you beg, boy.” John growled the words and shuddered again. “Alright, since you asked so nicely, open your mouth. Let your Sir have his way.” That last roughly growled sentence hit Sherlock right it the gut and sent another pulse of precome from his painfully hard and weeping cock. He did as ordered and opened his mouth just wide enough to admit John's thick cock, and held still. John played a moment, seemingly mesmerized with swiping the head of his cock across Sherlock's wet and already plumping lips, smearing his prefluid and saliva around. He dipped just the tip past Sherlock's lips, and Sherlock kissed it, suckling slightly. The moan John gifted him with made his hands flex on the man's powerful hips.
Inside. Oh God, he was inside his boy. Inside Sherlock. His boy keened beneath him, spine arched and bucking against both his Sir and his restraints. There was no fear or pain to be heard though. It was nothing but cries of pleasure, shouts of ecstasy as John humped his way inside his boy until he was balls deep and surrounded by silky heat. He'd relaxed his boy's entrance with his tongue, slicked him with spit and his own prefluids, but it was still a snug fit. He groaned.
Sherlock felt John's cock stiffen, felt his theory might just be tested because surely the man was about to come down his throat. Instead, John snarled and forced Sherlock's head back, pulled his cock completely from Sherlock's mouth and wrapped his fingers tightly around the base; he was
John put extra emphasis on the last word, having not missed Sherlock's reaction to it earlier, the same reaction he got now as he dropped his lanky frame, more gracefully than one would have thought, to his knees on the pillow. The man was practically vibrating, and there was no missing the tent in his pyjammas. John had expected him to balk at his need for the titles, but was pleasantly surprised when he not only accepted it, but embraced it eagerly, grew visibly more aroused from it.
“Sir, Sir please...” his voice was a broken whisper through clenched teeth as he tried to maintain control, and he felt Sir tense behind him. “Sir I'm going to come, don't let me come, please. I don't want to come yet and-” Suddenly Sir wrapped his arms around him and his balls were yanked down in a harsh pull that made him cry out as Sir's other hand clamped firmly around the base of his boys cock. It burned, to have been thwarted when he was so close, but the relief he felt rush through him brought tears to his eyes. He sagged back against Sir and felt the man's arms tighten around him, felt his lips brush the nape of his boy's neck.
John growled, the grip on Sherlock's hair tightened, and he thrust faster, harder. Deeper. Deep enough to make Sherlock gag and John pulled back and stopped immediately with the head of his cock just inside. Sherlock lifted his eyes dazedly, searching out John's and finding them holding a question;
” The praise rolled through Sherlock, warm and sticky like treacle and he loved it. John dropped a hand to grip his hair gently, and Sherlock could feel John's hips twitching as though he wanted to thrust. Holding back. Sherlock popped off the end of his cock.
“Oh my boy, you're wildly beyond anything I could imagine. You did splendidly out there.” His boy beamed at the praise. “However, in here, I'm going to make you truly, completely, utterly powerless.” John watched Sherlock's face closely, clocking every reaction from the hard swallow to the fluttering eyelashes to the way his cock jumped. Even the fine tremor that wracked him. “I'm going to bind you in such a way that your entire body will be immobilized, and if you don't believe me, consider my military training. You won't be hurt, nothing pinched or blocked. You'll simply be unable to move on your own,” John grinned wickedly down at his boy, watched his pulse and breathing quicken, watched his pupils dilate, and the trepidation rise in his jade eyes, “and then, boy, then you'll be completely at my mercy. I will touch you, pinch you, pet you where and whenever I choose. I will torture you sexually, play with your nipples, your cock, your balls, your arse, maybe even fuck you, if you're a good boy, and there will be no way to stop me.
“You dare to tell your Sir what he can and cannot do to his boy?” Sherlock's eyes widened. He hadn't meant to, but that's exactly what he'd done. John waited patiently while Sherlock worked through it in his head. He wanted it, John wanted it, but it couldn't come from Sherlock's desire for it. He wasn't the one in control. It had to be John's choice
“John! What happens if I don't?” Sherlock kept eye contact. Come on old boy, you know this. Think it through. John narrowed his eyes in thought, started to speak, stopped himself, then finally the proverbial light bulb.
“I understand... what.” John's tone was a little dangerous, and Sherlock turned back to him, taking in his bearing and damn the man was sexy, drawing on his soldier's nature. Sherlock hadn't been sure John would want the titles, but he supposed it made sense, helped him get and keep his mien for something that was mostly new to him.
“I'm going to come inside you, boy. Would you like that?” John ground his hips down, pressing his cock deeper, massaging his boy's prostate and feeling Sherlock's deep moan vibrate through his own chest and around his cock. “Would you like to feel your Sir's hot come deep in your arse? Dripping out of you?
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock's voice had gone rough as he undid the button, and oh so carefully lowered the zip, pulling his trousers open wide and lowering his red briefs even more carefully to expose John's cock and heavy balls. Jesus, Mary and Joseph, just the visual of him exposed like this before Sherlock's pretty lips had his balls tingling.
“Out there,” John pointed to the common area, “you were under my command, but you were not helpless. Do you understand that?”
“Better now, boy?” Sir asked roughly in his ear, clothed chest and exposed cock pressed to his boy's bare back and arse and Sherlock's body nearly betrayed him again. He trembled against his Sir, and Sir hummed in his ear. “I didn't think we'd have to ring your cock, boy, but it seems we will. Control yourself until I'm done binding you, and I'll tie your cock as a reward.” There was a teasing challenge in his voice that made his boy smile and took his mind off his need. All he needed to do was control his body just a bit longer, and then his Sir would take even that control from him. Logically it seemed so backward, rewarding his control with the removal of that control. He shuddered at the thought.
“Just look at you,” Sir whispered, kissing his boy's lips gently, almost chastely. “You're extraordinary, you know that? Of course you know that, but really. It's breathtaking the way you're affected by this.” Sherlock whimpered.
” John trembled as he felt his boy stiffen and buck beneath him, but he felt no wet heat against his abdomen as he kept up the pressure. He'd known Sherlock's mind was powerful enough for this. He looked up at the ecstasy and wide eyed confusion on his boy's face.
“I know you will, boy. You'll be so, so good.” Sir's body moved, rubbing his whole front against his boy's back, thrusting his hips again before moving down, planting kisses and bites along his boy's spine. He tried not to wiggle too much, wanting to be still as his Sir had ordered. Sir kissed and licked his sacrum, pulling more moans from his boy as his tongue lapped across the top of his cleft. Sir lifted, and he could hear his panting breaths, felt one trembling hand on each globe of his arse as Sir roughly pulled him apart, opening his boy up and letting cool air wash across his entrance. Sir hesitated, maybe giving his boy a chance to object, but there would be no objections.
John grabbed the belt of his own bathrobe, thinking about all the things he could use to tie his boy up. Somewhere whilst fighting off his orgasm and suffering through the bit of vasocongestion he'd started truly thinking of Sherlock as his boy, even in his own mind; he'd have to be careful with that. Sherlock was only his for now, and he intended to make the most of it. He found a couple of his older, softer leather belts, and a couple neckties, just in case. This. This is where he would truly put Sherlock through his paces, and the thought of mounting him at the end of it like a prized stallion and riding the hell out of that gorgeous arse... John shuddered and tossed the extra bindings on the bed, turning just as his stallion walked a little dazedly into the room. His room was spartan, he knew that; didn't even have a rug for his boy to kneel on. Too bad. He wouldn't be down there long anyway.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock whimpered, “I'll be good. Sir's good boy.” Sir shuddered above him and bit down on the skin of his shoulderblade.
“Lose the pyjammas.” Sherlock looked uncertain for a moment, which was absurd given where his mouth had been not but a few moments ago, but he did drop them to pool at his feet, and of course, there were no skivvies. John was sure his harsher tone unnerved his boy, but that was part of it. This
“I'll use my safe words, if needed. Sir.” With that last word John was shoved back into his role. He stood up fully, which put his own steel tent pole closer to Sherlock's chest; tall git that he was. He looked down at Sherlock, and Sherlock only had eyes for that bulge. Seemed they were jumping in with both feet then.
“That's it boy, take it! Let me hear you. Take every inch of my cock and give me all those lovely, filthy sounds.” John planted his fists in the mattress to either side of his boy's hips and rode him hard, just as he'd imagined, making skin slap against damp skin and forcing his cock as deep as his boy could take him. Even then, Sherlock lifted his arse higher, trying to take him deeper. John balanced on one arm, grabbing a fist full of his boys hair and pulling, forcing him to arch harder. He wrapped his other arm around his boy's chest, laying along his back and over his bound hands, using his whole body to fuck into him. John used his weight to press Sherlock into the mattress and change the angle of his thrusts until he felt his cock brush over the bump he was looking for. He nailed it again, and again, harder. His boy screamed out, inner muscles fluttering around his Sir's cock as he came dry for the fourth time.
“First question. What are your safe words?” Sherlock's forehead wrinkled as though his eyebrows had gone up in surprise, and John rolled his eyes. He wasn't
“Yes!” Sherlock's cry was pure ecstasy. “Yes, Sir! Please!” John growled again, thrusting harder, holding nothing back.
. John Watson. The domination and tone and bearing are icing on an already devil-to-resist cake. I've done a good job so far, maybe too good.” He smiled sheepishly when John looked up at him. He'd broken scene, or whatever this was, but John's throat was too damned dry to reprimand him for it and he didn't want to anyway. “Sir, may I ask a question, and expect the same honesty in return?” John nodded, still not able to speak properly. “Are you aroused by the domination and having me on my knees, or... by me?” So vulnerable. John considered using Sherlock's own safe word because once spoken, there would be no going back. John had to swallow twice to get the lump down his throat.
“Shut. Up. Sherlock.” There! There was the spine, there was the fire, and the command in John's tone and the way his grip had tightened around Sherlock's wrist sent a flood of cool relief and a thrill through him that almost took his breath away. Sherlock gave him an infinitesimal smile, and John returned an equally infinitesimal nod.
“I won't lie, Sir.” Sherlock kept his head down, something which he hadn't been ordered to do but something for which John was grateful. Sherlock had always told him his eyes gave away too much. If the answers to his questions weren't the ones he'd hoped for, he could keep the disappointment from his voice, but never from his eyes.
Sherlock did. Oh God did he ever. His boy shook the walls and windows with his pleasure, inner muscles clamping down on John's cock so hard he could barely move as his boy was finally allowed physical release. Cock throbbing, he shot hot and wet against his Sir's hand where it still held him.
John moaned as he thrust hard once more, and Sherlock did his best to open his throat and control his breathing, swallowing around the cock in his throat to keep from gagging. Being completely, willingly subservient to another's whims like this was nothing like he'd expected. He felt freedom in being controlled, even though his hands were still on John's hips, they were only there for the tactile connection. He wasn't truly helpless, but he didn't need to be. Even if John stopped in this throat, closing off his airway, he'd still not push him away. God but it was heady. He groaned again around John's cock as he imagined the man controlling even his ability to draw breath.
“We're not in our proper places are we?” John asked as he stood, forcing Sherlock to back further onto the rug. “Go grab the union jack pillow and bring it right back here.” Oh, oh God, it was even better than Sherlock had expected. That commanding tone in that familiar voice was like a live wire straight to his cock, and the pyjammas wouldn't be able to hide his reaction much longer.
“Good boy, very good.” John purred, gut clenching at just the thought of his next command. “Now, suck me.”
“I'm going to flip you over now, boy, and take a taste of that gorgeous arse.” John growled the warning and gave his boy a moment to let that sink in, so he could safe word if necessary. All John heard was more whimpering, pleading moans, and so he carefully maneuvered Sherlock onto his belly. He pulled his pillow down from the head of bed and tapped his boy's hip. “Raise up a bit. I want that lovely arse in the air.” His boy moaned and did as he bade, flexing his body and raising his hips just enough for John to shove the pillow between his pelvis and the mattress, then helped Sherlock adjust so his cock was comfortably pressed into it. John had to grab his cock and mentally recite the names of all the bacterium he could remember. The sight of that pale, lanky body, his boy's body,
“Yes, Sir. I liked the feeling very much, Sir.” Oh gods, John thought, that deep voice sounded so pliant, and it made John's balls ache again.
“On your knees again, boy.” The sharp tone made Sherlock wince again, but he went to his knees with another wince, since this time there was no pillow. John waited a moment for him to settle, expecting a request for a pillow, or something to put between his knees and the hardwood floor, but none came. His boy knelt, head bowed as before, without complaint, and he did look amazing there; naked, waiting on his knees for his Sir's orders. “Pick your head up, face your Sir.” John didn't miss the jump of the other man's cock at the command as he looked up. “Good boy. I need to see your face for the things I'm about to explain, understand?”
“That's what I thought.” John moved down his boy's body, kissing and rubbing and petting along the way, giving Sherlock a breather before he did what he'd fantasized about for ages. He paused, making his boy crane his neck to look at him, making dazed eye contact just before he licked his boy's straining cock from the cotton bandage tie around its base to the leaking, rosy tip. His boy gave him the most exquisite sounds, dulcet moans and breathy cries as John teased his cock, flicked his tongue across the head, licked up the precome from his slit then sucked him down. His boy groaned in agonized rapture, bucking hard, coming for him again, and goddamn that was an amazing thing to be the cause of. John humped his own leaking cock against Sherlock's legs, reveling in the feel of the soft hairs and hard bone against his aching prick and tight balls. He kissed and suckled around his boy's cock and hips, soaking up every sound his boy gave him.
“Yes, Sir. I won't come, I promise.” Sherlock felt a smile against his shoulder, and then Sir was back to work. He pulled the improvised rope tight enough to bind but not cut in, going around his waist and taking it wide down the side of his hip so that it wrapped again at upper thighs; leaving his cock, balls and arse completely open. Sherlock groaned at the realization, and he heard a dark chuckle from his feet where his Sir was looping the end of the robe belts around the center of the necktie that bound his ankles, tightening it, but also padding the bones as he tied it off. As Sir rose to his feet before him, holding his boy steady with both hands stroking lightly up his flanks then to his shoulders, Sherlock's eyes nearly teared up again at the passion and adoration he saw in his Sir's eyes.
“It's... it's for y-you. For Sherlock Holmes. The man. The submission is... icing as well.” Damned hard to get out, but there it was, and all they could do was stare at each other a moment in dumbfounded, mouth gaping stupidity. Then John did something he'd been dying to do for as long as he'd known this man. He stepped forward, went to one knee, grabbed Sherlock by the back of his neck and pulled him into a hard, almost brutal, kiss. Sherlock opened for him immediately and ravaged his mouth with equal fervor. God he tasted divine. Like rainwater and cognac and something so uniquely
“Please, Sir, please fuck my mouth? Please?” Sherlock made his voice a submissive, seductive entreaty -no one else on this world nor anyone on any world beyond human knowledge would ever hear that tone in his voice, only this man-, and John's eyes glittered, the beautiful blue nearly swallowed by abyssal pupil. That was beautiful too, though, because it meant he was loving this as much as Sherlock himself. “Please?” He added one last time just to watch the reaction in John.
“Sir, Sir I feel like...I'm going to come.” John shuddered as the pitch of his boy's cries escalated at the continued assault on his nipples and unrelenting grinding on his cock. “Sir... Si-
contact. He'd been lucky with John Watson, though he didn't believe in luck and he'd never admit it aloud. He'd been immediately attracted to the man, but had squashed it quickly. Sherlock didn't consider himself homo or hetero or bi or sexual of any sort, but he could not allow an attraction to a flatmate and eventual partner in crime fighting, because he knew even in those first moments that's what they'd become.
Lestrade was left in the doorway looking just as stunned, as the brothers moved quickly to exit the building again unnoticed.
Walking into the school grounds, for his usual "Friday meeting", he was deep in thought, not paying attention, looking at the ground. It was cold this morning. The grass had early morning condensation on it, and Sherlock observed how the droplets from the grass touched the edge of his leather shoes and ran off the protective coating back to the ground again. He had come earlier than usual, his excitement and nervousness getting the better of him. He was happily daydreaming  as he walked.
“You have questions,” Sherlock states, and when they look at each other, they both grin. Smiling makes Sherlock look younger, despite the three chins and those wonderful lines around his mouth. The four months of not seeing him do not seem to matter anymore.
“Sure,” he agreed readily, relaxing his weight back down and settling himself next to Sherlock, moving some of the excess pillows to prop his back against the bedhead. He leaned closer to the lamp, to be able to read the print better.
“Honestly, do I have to do everything for y—” Mycroft interrupted from the doorway and they pulled apart suddenly. “Oh. Forgive me, brother. Carry on,” he said with a smirk, giving a nod to John. “I guess I’ll be on my way then.” And he walked back down the corridor.
They have just left the tree line behind them, the trail leading them along a meadow. It is lined with rocks, and John is thankful for the hiking boots he got a few weeks ago, as they have to climb a bit, from time to time.
“John, just take a breath,” Greg said, holding a hand out to try and calm him, as if he were suddenly a lion tamer. He felt ridiculous, and he dropped his hand before it made John angrier.
“You’re better off without me,” Sherlock settled on, without thinking. “I really don’t understand what I was thinking, why I was there, why I behaved the way I did. I think it’s best if you—”
“Sherlock what the bloody hell are you doing?” He asked in a fierce, embarrassed whisper, not wanting the class inside to listen, although he suspected they would be trying their best.
As he reached the bottom of the stairs, the foyer area was particularly dark, any outside light blocked by the wooden front door. He felt the thud into his shoulder before he saw the movement even come at him, and he was knocked to the ground by something, by
“In a couple of days, probably. Possibly even tomorrow night, if we get enough recording done in the morning.”
you need me here. Why me? Why would you go through all of this just to keep someone like me safe? Why would you do this?”
Sherlock bent his knees to come down a bit closer and let John have control. A moan escaped him at the surprise of it all and John wasted no time kissing him so thoroughly, Sherlock’s brain halted all communication. It was delicious. Like nothing he’d ever experienced. He didn’t even register smells or tastes or any other sensation, his whole system was offline as he focussed on enjoying the moment. John squeezed Sherlock’s curls in his fists and Sherlock let his hands move across John’s back, holding him closer and helping take some of the weight off John’s foot, as they leaned against the locker. Finally, John let the kiss slow and Sherlock wanted it to never end, as John’s lips left his for a moment.
“I’ll let Sherlock know when I get back. I’m only a street away. Do we need to come in?” John checked.
As he bursts out the doors into the empty foyer with a gasp, he rips the jacket off quickly, searching for coolness and sucking in some breaths. Tears start to well in his eyes.
“I can’t wait to see you in action,” Sarah simpered, flashing a beautiful smile. John returned it. Sarah had taken to watching them in the afternoons and walking with John to the bus stop afterwards. She was so lovely, and beautiful. John wished he liked her more than he did. How was he going to tell her he didn’t like her in that way? How would any of the team take the fact that he wasn’t going to conform to their idea of the jock sporty guy hooking up with the beautiful groupie?
Sherlock looked so relieved. “Okay.” He smiled. “I was so upset you might be leaving. And Mycroft… he can’t help himself. He had been wanting to put together a scholarship package for a student in need who is contributing to the college, and you stumbled into his path at just the right time. He’s doing it for me as well, but you deserve it completely. And I
“It’s Greg,” he said, holding the screen up to show Sherlock, as if it needed confirmation. "Lestrade," he added with an annoyed sigh, as Sherlock's blank face stared back.
“Thanks,” John nodded, already putting an arm around Sherlock to guide him off the stool and out the door. His legs had started to wobble.
? Do you manage all his dates too?” John asks, the words coming out more angrily than he intends them to.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed, running forward to grab him into a hug of relief. Sherlock didn’t move but looked up past John to see his brother, standing now to receive him. John realised he was getting no response from Sherlock and stepped back to look him over.
“I told you, Lieutenant Abrahams was the commanding officer,” John said, flipping back a page to check what was written there and trying to remember what he had said aloud.
“Well it’s what we discussed might happen. I know you didn’t want to think about that when we talked through our plans, but it was always a possibility.”
“Unexpected,” Mycroft finished, suddenly realising they had spoken at the same time and the word Greg had finished his sentence with was:
“Sure.” Sherlock walks in the gate but still hovers, a little uncertain, as he looks around at the tools John has laid out on the grass. John has been busily tearing down fence palings, to replace them with fresh ones.
Mike nodded and put his hands in his jacket pockets. “Right. Well then, see you tomorrow boys.” He shook his head to himself, smiling, as he walked out, leaving them alone again.
woman, of course. And Sherlock had never really had to use his sexual wiles to get information from women on a case either. John couldn’t tell if it was an act, or if he was legitimately flirting. Their own relationship had been founded on years of non-communication and stolen moments that were misinterpreted. Did Sherlock actually have some flirting game that John had never seen in action?
“Of course you can. You just show him your drawings and talk him through it like you did with me last night on the phone.”
. I’m counting the days till he’s finished. Compulsory schooling has a lot to answer for,” Sherlock sneered but John noted something else in his tone, something that didn’t ring true. Was he really going to be glad to see James go?
need to do something more than just sit here and wait,” John said through clenched teeth, his breaths sharp through his nostrils.
“Is that all that’s bothering you, John? You just seem—” before he can finish, his phone rings from the table, startling them both, but Sherlock doesn’t move. He’ s waiting for John.
“Ah I see,” Mycroft replied, locking away the feeling of disappointment he knew all too well. He realised in that moment, he had fallen prey to the very thing he always steered clear of and had tried to train his brother to avoid
Sherlock, of course, is in the midst of this chaos and as usual, behaving as if John has been there the whole time and they are mid conversation already.
“You go on up, I might grab my laptop out of the car and just do a couple of things before I head to bed,” Greg said with a nod.
“Just...” John said forcefully, placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm to make him sit again. “…shut up for a minute.”
A quick glance in the fridge and pantry alerts John to the need for a trip to the store tomorrow. Mrs Hudson will be upset that he hasn’t been to visit all week, so it is long overdue. He manages to make a simple dinner of eggs on toast before he starts up the fire. For once it starts quickly which is a great relief, because he’s never been good at it, but his aching muscles really need some warmth tonight. He settles down into the comfy armchair to read a book, with some scotch in a small glass, putting his feet up on a small stool that doubles as his footrest. He lets out a sigh at how wonderful it feels and settles in to focus on another mystery book from the shelves. Some chapters in, a sound in the distance catches his attention: he can hear music. It’s been so long since he’s heard music and he pauses his reading to stop and listen. Real music, not just a recording. It is the sound of someone playing an instrument – a violin perhaps? The beautiful melody captivates him, and he puts down his book properly to listen for a bit, before walking out onto the small back verandah, with his scotch glass in hand, to try and find where it’s coming from. The closest house to his left is all still, all the lights out. It isn’t that late, but considering the owners are an older couple, the early night makes sense, and he is pretty sure neither of them are musical.
