“Nah. Been here a long while, sir.”
dogs, how’d you think they’ll take ninety-nine puppies?”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Brothers?” He raised an eyebrow as Q walked with him. “Plural?”
“Probably before you want to see me, Inspector. Have a good night.” John smiled and climbed the ladder, clearing the line at the top with a nod to the Constable now manning it as he made his way back towards the road. Getting a taxi would be a bit of a trick, but he wasn’t up to bothering Mycroft again. But of course Mycroft wasn’t going to let him get away with that, so when he saw the waiting car, the driver standing by the open door, he just got in. He didn’t even have to tell them where to go, which was nice.
“Everything alright, Judith?” He ventured carefully. “I take it that was bad news?”
“This isn’t a problem, is it?”
“God damn it, I don’t have
Donovan, Hughes, and Sherlock got as the dancers came out again after another short break and they recognized Judith. Mycroft chuckled at the absolutely gobsmacked expression on his brother’s face as Judith and Riyah danced at their table, leading the girls in a thoroughly entrancing dance. He took note of the many colourful scarves tied to Judith’s belt and knew they were favours. Lestrade was completely enthralled, and his focus explained the dusting of glitter on his coat and the scarf around his neck that Mycroft hadn’t noticed before. It was a very feminine, diaphanous thing of silk in gorgeous shades of blue and purple with silver accents that he was certain the strict, rule-abiding DI wouldn't wear without damn good reason. Ah, he had favour from Judith already.
Walking down Davies Street, she lit the way with her torch. When she stopped again, she found herself standing before a house with blue double-doors and no visible house-number at the corner of Berkley Street and Picadilly. But she recognized it. She stepped back and looked up. The top window of the massive building that sat here had an unusual symbol on it, created by the iron frame-work in the glass.
“Up here, boys!” She kept her voice down as she sat down on the stairs until John and Sherlock had appeared and gotten into the flat, following them in. “Kicked the on-site patrols out not long ago. You’re safe here until notice.”
“I never said such a thing.”
As she slid the door open, she was aware of the door to her quarters creaking open. Only a few people would be bold enough to come into her quarters like this, and she paused.
“Personal investment, sir. I don’t get on well with the likes of DeVil and can’t stand those who treat animals so badly.” John shrugged, “It was no problem.”
“Hungry?”
“So, up for a longer run, old man?” Judith handed him the waterbottle, and he took it with a roll of his eyes.
He chuckled, a harsh, breathless sound,
“Where
“I eat!” Oh, he looked so insulted it was a shame to laugh at him.
his job properly.”
it, though?” Sherlock looked almost…sad. Not that John blamed him, of course.
“Oh! Evening, Constable!” He called cheerfully, “Everything alright?”
“Oh, please.” Sherlock whispered, “
Sherlock Holmes had not come to Camden Sports Center alone, and he didn’t come unarmed. He had the memory stick, obtained for them by John Watson, and he had terms for this exchange. The pen-drive for Judith Watson’s safety. Wherever she was, he held the ransom-price in his hand. And he would settle for nothing less than her safe return, unharmed, in exchange for those plans. If she had been harmed, the deal was off.
family now. Don’t ever forget that, alright?” Judith did something very daring and closed the little bit of distance between them. “Call or drop by if you need something. New Scotland Yard or the house on Pembroke Mews, and Baker Street for John. Be well, Stephen.”
“I’ll go with you, but I’ll let you face her alone.”
“I’d go looking at family first, focus on siblings or parents if either is surviving, maybe even grandparents. It might have been a partner, as well.”
“Yeah, no, uh, no problem. Good luck?”
“Calm down, dear sweet Watson. You can trust me. If I want to play a game, I’ll keep you and your friends safe.”
Judith and Sally patrolled the hospital inside and outside alike, keeping eyes on the boys and looking out for any sign of Moriarty’s people. Judith touched base with Moran, who clarified that he had been with Moriarty all night the previous night. That just made her angry regarding poor Richard Brook.
“It’s a press-conference, Greg, wearing a uniform isn’t going to hurt the cause.” She smirked, “Besides, I think you look rather dashing.” He rolled his eyes, grumbling about the collar. Judith chuckled and finished getting dressed.
“At this hour? I can only imagine! I won’t see you on my rosters, will I?”
“Hush, I’m thinking.” She shoved to her feet, aware of someone putting a hand under her elbow in a kind but unnecessary gesture. Judith’s balance was quite good, excellent when she was focused and sober, a bit off-kilter when she’d had a bit to drink.
“We’d better think of
“You’re lucky it was just a pulled muscle.” Greg tsked, “That was a damn stupid thing you did.”
“Two months of training.”
“Here, you need this more than I do.” He gave the man his coat. “It’s too cold tonight for someone like you to go without one.”
Getting airborne was easy, the co-pilot did most of the work, but once they were up at altitude, he took over. The nighttime cityscape of London spread out beneath them in a network of lights, which dropped away to darkness speckled with occasional glimpses of lights below as they flew over villages, towns, and hamlets in the countryside. As they cleared the borders of Suffolk, he dropped altitude and switched on the search-lights, recalibrating the FLIR cameras. As they cleared the borders of Suffolk, he dropped altitude and switched on the search-lights, recalibrating the FLIR cameras.
years ago.
“Not really.” Donovan shook her head, “He’s arrogant, more than a bit stupid, and won’t shut up half the time.”
“No, you won’t!”
intruding, John.” Sherlock waved a lazy hand, flicking water and soap-suds everywhere. “You obviously came with something in mind and I seem to have distracted you.” Those strange lapis eyes fixed on him as Sherlock turned to look at him properly, a slow, lazy turn of his head that looked almost too fluid to be natural. Distracted was putting it mildly! John was more than distracted, and it was mortifying!
“Wishful thinking?”
“Everything.
“You don’t like my brother, do you?”
“Don’t apologize for someone like Sherlock Holmes.” John said, “You shouldn’t let him treat you that way.”
“My mind went
“No, sir, I have not.”
Jim sounded genuinely concerned,
“At the moment? A friend. Please sit.” He indicated the empty seat, “You’re on your way to Saint Bart’s, yeah?”
it.” He sniffed. Raised voices indicated trouble and he looked over to see Judith on her feet, the same light in her eye that he had seen at Baskerville as she took down Sherlock.
“Looking after my agents. I understand you had a bit of … difficulty earlier this evening?”
“No, ma’am. We’ve been on this case the past two months or so.” John patted his leg and the dogs followed him out to the sitting-room. The woman introduced herself as Mrs Michaels and warmed up
She fired off the last text in that thread and checked to make sure she hadn’t missed any from Sherlock, who was buried elbows deep in a project over at Saint Bart’s. She hadn’t missed anything new, which was probably good.
“Who’s old?” He sniped back, grinning.
Sherlock Holmes.” All pretence of affability dropped and Moriarty’s demeanour changed and his hand on Sherlock’s tightened painfully, “His coat has been discarded, destroyed, and his pelt is mine! I own him, and you can’t stop me!”
“Oh, my son.” Her voice was soft, hoarse with time and trials, but still held a mother’s comfort, “My beautiful son.” Sherlock watched elegant fingers scarred and toughened by toil stroke through strands of hair the same colour as John’s pelt. Sherlock would never get used to the tinges of black and green in his mate’s hair, it was like nothing he had ever seen before and it was so completely unique to John. A soft sound broke the quiet in the room and Sherlock realized it was coming from John.
“Same as the other four?”
“Well, you did kind of kidnap him from a busy street, in plain view of his best friend no less.” Greg pointed out, not unkindly.
“I will! I promise!” Christine looked at them, “How long are you here for?”
“Oh? And why’s
“I owned Dalmatians when I was little. Favourite dog in the world.” John took down a photograph of Pongo he had gotten from the Radcliffes, “Owned a Dal named Sandrine through Uni. Died while I was overseas with the Army, old age got her.”
everything!”
“Oh, just close your eyes, 008.” Q rolled his eyes and folded his arms to wait until John did what he was told. “I’m not going to push you off a building or anything drastic like that. I like you too much.”
“Knowing what I do about your Superintendent, not very.” Stephen wrinkled his nose, “But Inspector Lestrade would have been thrilled.”
“Mrrn!”
“Where are the gents?”
“I want to believe the best of everyone, but…”
long time.”
“Caught him spying on me a couple years ago.”
Things go a bit more the way of classic ACD canon here, I borrowed a lot of the dialogue between John and Mike from the original "Study in Scarlet".
“Don’t bother.” John huffed.
'g ùrnaigh 's a'foghlum facal Dhé,
“Jesus. What a thing
be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is.” Sherlock said as he inspected the personalized engraving. “Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him quite a while ago – this model was only six months old at the time she would have given it to him, but it’s four years old by now. Marriage in trouble then – six months on he’d just given it away. If she’d left
“We will. Thank you, Lestrade.” Sherlock tugged on the collar of his coat and looked up at the sky. “If my brother asks, you can tell him.”
“God bless you, Inspector, for being there for Judith, for all of us.” Richard tucked the papers away again, “You’ve got a job to do, I take it?”
“It’s okay.” John smiled, “You had a gun pointed at your head a minute ago and then the moron went psycho, you’re allowed to be not fine.”
“Are they at a doctor’s appointment?” Sherlock asked, looking around the sitting-room for clues to the life these people led.
“It’s all right, Major.” Judith inserted herself and also announced herself, “I know
She looked around,
“I’ll do my damn best to make sure no one ever hurts you again. And if someone does, I’ll make ‘em properly sorry for it.” John took his hand, “I promise.” That was all he could really ask for. Sherlock remembered what had happened earlier and wondered how long it would take for his brother to eliminate Moriarty properly.
“When we both know the girl can take care of herself no problem.”
When James Roben walked out onto the street from 221B holding a handkerchief to his bleeding nose, gathered personnel were rather alarmed by the sight of him.
“Oh. I thought he worked alone.”
“What can I do for you? What do you need?”
They snuck upstairs, stepping over the creaky steps to avoid making any undue noise to get Hope’s attention and alert him to anyone else in the aforeto secured flat. The flat-door was locked, of course, but the kitchen entrance was not, and she carefully pushed that door open. The sliding doors that closed the kitchen off from the sitting-room were partly closed and the lights were off, but they were used to operating in less than ideal conditions. Moving in silence, they took up positions to either side of the gap that allowed them a view of the sitting-room. Their radios were silenced, their phones on vibrate. But most importantly, they could see Sherlock and Hope.
“So, uh,
“Yeah, I’m not really qualified to question suspects. I probably shouldn't have done it.”
to him?!”
, Greg! It’s that what I do is directly affected by
“Oh, my god!” He gasped, “Sorry!”
?” Unless he was badly mistaken.
“Good night, Johnny Boy! You were stellar as always!” Moriarty smiled tightly, his coat over his arm. John noticed he was carrying two, and one was his companions. John didn’t say anything and simply smiled and went to hold the door for Moriarty.
, then. And definitely DeVil’s fault. Nudging the affectionate, clingy Dalmatian off his lap, John got up and didn’t bother to try and brush off the dog-hair as he held out one hand to the couple, who apparently recognized him.
“Hi, pretty girl. You miss me today?” Judith smiled as Queenie rubbed her head against Judith’s cheek, “See anything interesting?” Queenie told her about her day, most of it spent sleeping in the sun on Judith’s bed and hunting bugs and rodents on the terraces of their housing-block and in the neighbourhood gardens. Nothing really to report. After getting late take-away for dinner, she took a shower and fell into bed with Greg, who was so tired he couldn't keep his eyes open.
“We’ll see. It’s a shame no one’s called for the others.” Sherlock joined him and they watched as the ecstatic Radcliffes thanked the police for their help.
“Do you remember the first time we met?” She sat down on her narrow cot and looked at him.
“We spent Christmas in the hospital. Not the worst place I’ve spent Christmas, but not my favourite, that’s for damn sure!”
“And anything else about him you could ever wish to know of him.”
“I’m just a…you know…” He faltered, hoarse with anger, but those watching thought it was panic. Sherlock knew better and took over smoothly, promptly aiming the pistol at John instead.
“Of course.”
word for her, that’s for damn sure,” John muttered, pausing to take a draw of his fag before blowing a stream of smoke into the night. “Fuck.”
He felt Sherlock hook his chin over his shoulder and leaned back a bit. Sherlock stood behind him, arms around him, grounding him to a much happier present and possible future.
“It’s a gift of sorts.” Will got down from the truck and turned to help her down, “You don’t seem to mind.”
There was a pause and the sound of shuffling, a door closing.
. Her?!” Jim grabbed the man by the front of his shirt. Interesting that he was so angry. The goon gave him the information and Judith rolled her eyes.
“What the
“And Sherlock Holmes is arrogant, a bit more than too smart, and won’t shut up half the time. Which one is worse?”
four people, including last night! I could pick this bloke out of any line-up you showed me, for Christ’s sake! I don’t know about anyone
“How’s Doctor Palmer?”
It was about another half an hour before anything happened, and she had dozed off when Greg suddenly shook her awake.
“I’ll be damned. There
“She fixed up the batch this morning.” Gerald looked a bit sad, “My mother was such a good woman.”
“I was having fun! After all, when you’re dying, sometimes a little bit of fun is all you can get.”
The only warning John had before he just completely broke down in tears was a single teardrop hitting the screen of his phone. Hutchison let him cry, just offering company and soft words, reminding John to breathe every once in a while so he didn’t pass out. It was probably the first time someone had hugged John in months, and he couldn’t bring himself to be ashamed of needing a hug in the first place. He felt kind of silly for sobbing hysterically in a police car, but it wasn’t the first time he’d had a good cry in one. He’d spent almost an hour in the front seat of Greg’s car doing this very same thing, it might have been longer than that.
“I appreciate your concern, Mr. Moriarty, but I think I can handle myself.”
“Yep.”
“Unlikely, no band on the left ring-finger where a ring
“What? Something wrong?” Greg leaned over a bit, catching his breath.
“After you.” Leaving The Criterion, he hailed a passing cab and held the door for Stamford, who gave the address at Bart’s to the driver as they got underway. As they drove to Saint Bart’s, conversation moved from the mysterious Sherlock, of whom John had heard a bit but had not had a chance to meet. He was actually looking forward to it, he wanted to see for himself what sort of fellow the brother of Mycroft and Q might be. Someone interesting, he suspected, if he was a Holmes.
problem?”
“Hm. And yours, I imagine, is going to grow out a rather fetching silver?”
“I won’t be dead much longer.” Sherlock smirked, “This case will be my “resurrection”.”
“Why? How could he? I’ve been away.” Oh, the look of betrayal. “What have you done?”
“Sorry to disturb, Mrs Hudson, I’m just out for a few hours. Keep an eye on Sherlock for me?”
nauseous.
“Yes, I’m…quite familiar with it.”
“Is that for me?”
“Hmm?”
.” Judith murmured. Greg chuckled and got to work.
. Before this gets worse and someone dies.”
“I suppose they’d have to be a bit desperate to try and get past
“Ugh! For god’s sake, Greg, leave him be!” She moaned, “And how do you know he lives over here anyway?”
“What did you do?”
“Well, when you put it
“I’ve got time.” He shrugged. Sherlock came in to take his turn and held the door for Strange.
“Yes.”
“What changed?”
“Oh, brat, am I?” An eyebrow went up, “I will show you a proper brat, sir.” John knew better than to challenge Sherlock on that, he would regret it. Intent on proving his point and keeping John quiet, Sherlock hooked his fingers into the waistband of John’s pyjama bottoms and tugged. John lifted his hips when requested by a soft kiss to his hip, and the bottoms and pants disappeared.
“Really?”
“Holster, back waistband.” She smirked, “Really, John. You have to ask?”
“You owe me an answer, Gregory Lestrade!” His wife hissed, leaning over his desk. She was drunk, and quite possibly high. Behind her, completely unnoticed, the Watsons were gearing up to step in on his behalf. Sally stood in the doorway, blocking that escape, furious at being called a hustler by her boss’s awful wife. He was angry on his own for that, Claudia could do and say whatever the hell she wanted to him, but when she turned on his team and treated them like that, it was crossing a line.
“That’s fair.” She sighed, “Well, good night to you, Inspector.” As she pushed away from the car, prepared to walk all night if she had to, some part of her desperately wished he would ask her to stay the night at his. It was a stupid thing to wish, really, but…she kind of liked him.
“Yes, ma’am.” Q was watching the video-queue load while he ate, not unlike John and Sherlock when
“You saved me from the bullies.” Sherlock turned her hand over in his and rubbed the lines of her palm, “I didn’t know a girl could fight dirty until that day.”
“Just keeping eyes on Baker Street. Part of an arrangement with the landlady and her tenants. Even when they’re home, if I’m anywhere nearby, I always do a pass-by and if I can, I’ll sit on the flat. More for Mrs. Hudson’s sake.” She knew if they waited long enough, maybe five minutes, Mrs. Hudson would come out with something for them.
“Well, that takes care of my business for the night. I guess I go home now.” She crushed the dog-end of her cigarette under the heel of her boot, picking it up to toss it in a nearby bin, “Just try to keep your promise.”
She was sitting on the bonnet of her squad-car with the Maine Coon queen on her shoulders, wondering if she should give the cat a name, when Homicide arrived. A cab pulled up first, and she knew right then that either Greg had called in reinforcements or the boys had been eavesdropping.
“Sorry, it’s just…it’s Anderson.”
About four days into their trip, Greg suddenly realized that Judith’s happiness was something he wanted to be responsible for for the foreseeable future. He wanted to be the one to give Judith stability, a home, the understanding and compassion when things didn’t go quite to plan. He wanted to celebrate with her, suffer, laugh, cry, live, and love with her. In plain words, he wanted Judith as his wife. It was just that simple and so ridiculously complicated.
“Let’s see. I was parked on that street for almost three hours, not including the time I was on-scene, so...there's my car.” She spotted her squad-car, “Did a few foot-patrols while I was down there.” She hadn’t seen the cab by the time she finished eating, but Q knew what to do if and when it popped up on the cameras.
be showing themselves. They’re staying out of trouble, yeah?”
“Sounds like my brother, alright.” Sherlock went back to what he was doing, “Nosy, interfering bastard. Useful, though.”
“Ah, hello, Freak.”
with the man, it was to find him in a bit of trouble. Typical. He wasn’t sure why that didn’t surprise him, but finding Sherlock at gunpoint was not that unexpected. He wasn’t sure what the occasion was, what Sherlock had said or done to earn that, but John wasn’t about to let anyone harm the young man. It didn’t look like a drug-buy, but John honestly didn’t know what he was walking into. Not the first time, and it wouldn’t be the last.
“Take your time.” He murmured during a pause to let Sherlock adjust, “Got all the time in the world.”
“I don’t think it’s going to be
“Best friend?” Hope snorted and shook his head, “Oh no,
“No, they didn’t.” Greg shrugged and followed them back to the body, dismissing the other two to wait at a safe distance. He gave them the name of the victim and let them do the rest. Sherlock circled the body, muttering to himself, while John leant against his cane and watched for a bit before joining him in his inspection.
“Dogs?” John and Sherlock looked at each other, then at Greg, stunned.
“If you don’t mind, it would do us better sleep tonight if we made sure you arrived at your final destination safely.” Moriarty came up on her left, “You’re far too valuable to the City of London to risk anything happening to you that might land you a stay in the hospital against your will. There are some rather…unsavory characters about at this hour.”’
,” John muttered, shaking his head.
“How would you know?”
that, though?”
“Now what?”
“I think she needs to rest now, Master.” Strange peered at her closely.
“Well, just … consider it. You never know, you might just find one person willing to live with a retired operative like yourself.”
“I won’t forget. Go home, be with your loved ones and families. Rebuild when you have the time.” Stephen took her hands, “You, though, Judith, take care.”
They managed two and a half hours of sleep before surfacing to go on their eight-mile run, taking time to check on the cats before they left. They made the loop a little slower than their normal time and stopped on the corner of Chester Street and Grosvernor Place to rest. As she braced her hands on her knees and caught her breath, wishing away the fog that had settled over the city this morning, Judith saw Greg’s head come up and watched his posture change a bit.
John Watson had known coming to the Billingsley’s monthly summer get-together was a bad idea. But Mary had wanted to go, said it would be fun. Well, fun for
“But I won’t die a nobody, now will I?” Sherlock tiredly leaned back in his seat and blew out a long breath through his nose, trying to concentrate. He pointed to the vials on the table.
“After you, Mr Holmes.” He rolled his eyes and got into the black car. As they got underway once Mycroft had given the driver instructions, John relaxed a bit. the leather seats were vented and it was very nice to be in one of Mycroft’s cars after his evening. He felt bad for his current state of being, but there was nothing for it.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.”
bad. I haven’t set foot on a scene in nine months.”
him?”
“I wish I believed you, John, but I know how that woman operates. How long her reach really is. No prison on Earth is enough to hold her for long.”
“But you care.”
“One of the most dangerous men in London and absolutely no one you need to worry about.” He rocked on his heels, “I can take care of myself, Inspector, don’t let my looks fool you.”
“Jesus, you’re nothing like the other inspectors, neither of you.” She huffed, shaking her head. He produced a pack of cigarettes from a pocket and held it out to her. “Are you sure?”
“I might as well be accused of trying to sabotage an inspection in our favour for once.” She shrugged, “All you need to do is ask nicely, Mr Holmes.”
“Oh, it gets worse.” John took a sip of his beer. “I spent three weeks searching thousands of square miles of open desert between Lashkar Gah and Sulgara, crossing the Hindu Kush mountains in the process, and broke into a mountain base
“He didn’t see us?”
“Figures.” He just smiled and got in on the passenger’s side. He didn’t have to give Sherlock directions to the house he had shared with Mary.
“I’ll fix tea, don’t make her job any harder than it has to be,” John said quietly.
Sure enough, it wasn’t even five minutes before she was tapping on Judith’s window.
“Mr Lachey, I really could care less about your criminal past,” Sherlock said with a casual shrug. “Unless you really
“Have you consulted on other victims before this one?”
“Don’t struggle, Ms. Mendez, it’s not going to end well for you either way.” Judith said in a low, threatening tone, applying that bit of pressure to the back of Claudia’s neck, “You’re already in trouble for harassment and assault of a senior detective of New Scotland Yard, no need to add resisting arrest to your charges.”
“Yes, ma’am. It was his request that the new orders putting you into a long-awaited retirement and a life of...well, I refrain from saying leisure, you’re not the kind to sit idly by a fireplace and content yourself with small mundane tasks. No, William’s orders were very clear. He would have handed them to you himself if he’d been able.”
“But there was no sign of a weapon, I very quickly eliminated strangulation.”
“Do I want to know how
“Kind of the point, yeah?”
“Both of us?”
Sherlock looked up again and made eye contact with John. He couldn’t tell if his clever friend had recognized him, but that hand-gesture was very familiar to him and he smiled brightly, waving to show he’d gotten the message. As he ducked into the queue of people waiting to get into the club, he heard a soft, shrill whistle and looked up yet again. This time just in time to catch something dropped from the balcony above. He caught it and opened the billfold, extracting an item from inside before closing it again. With practised ease, he tossed the billfold back up, waited until he saw it slide into John’s back pocket, and pocketed the card and the bills. With purpose in his stride, Sherlock headed for the front of the line. When he got there, he waved the card at the bouncers, who took the card and checked it against a list.
for?!” Greg looked up the stairs after her.
“Be careful.” She murmured as a tipsy couple tumbled into the cab, giggling together. A pair of attractive uni students, both male, just enjoying a night on the town. She recognized them from her patrols and kicked her door open.
“I can’t stay long, I left my brother and Sherlock in Dartmoor with Greg Lestrade.”
“Yep.”
knew. Not right away.
twins.”
“Made sure he can’t use magic to escape, but I didn’t take his power away, I can’t do that and wouldn't want to if I could.” She looked up at Stephen Strange, who had been her teacher for three months while still a student himself. She hadn’t been a student in a while, and neither had he, but together they had learned a few things. Strange took her back to London, and they walked the quiet streets for a while.
“I need to finish this, Sherlock.”
“An idea.” He smirked, “That’s why I brought my own.”
Queen.” She looked at the two of them and then at Lestrade, who stood guard behind them, one hand resting not-subtly on the holster of his service-pistol, revealing his badge at the same time.
way.” Judith rolled her eyes, “Can I trust you by yourself?”
“Oh, that’s Ford Holmes.”
“Well, we can get
He coughed,
“Don’t get too comfortable, Greg’s gonna see about getting us moved.”
“We can’t change the past, as much as we’d like to, all we can do is make the best of whatever future is ahead of us.”
“But, we saved the puppies. Well, the dogs saved themselves, but we did
“Got you something. Went down to Spanish Town to get it.” He pulled her onto the damp boardwalk, out of the way of anyone on the foot-path.
“No, you wouldn’t.” Sherlock shrugged into his coat, not the Belstaff that had been replaced during his time away, “Whatever you’ve done, Mycroft, I do not forgive you. Not now.”
Judith meets an unusual gentleman on the train. Things are about to get very interesting for Baker Street as Moriarty becomes a physical entity, more than just a name. And he's not exactly what Judith was expecting.
“Afghanistan was my last deployment with the Army.”
“Oh, fancy that! A name!” She laughed at him, “What is wrong with your name that you weren’t going to tell me?”
, but she had seen a suitcase.
“Yeah, before you disappear on me again.”
“Do something like that again, Sherlock Holmes and I’ll bury you myself.”
So when a block of flats in Whitechapel was blown up on 31 March, killing twenty people, she called a number she had never thought she needed to dial from the tape-line as she worked the blast-site.
“Good work, boys, you did a good thing today.” The man smiled as they shook hands, “Never thought we’d get two famous names who shouldn’t be around these parts.”
“If I do something stupid, I won’t do it because I wanted to. Don’t believe anything I might say or do once we go our separate ways.”
“The wrong thing for the right reasons. I forgive you, Sherlock, you were trying to keep me safe.”
“Spurned lovers?”
“I’m not planning to stay long, though.” He held the door of the car for her, “Your mother’s already back at The Met, and I need to question her. Your brother should be in surgery for his injuries, but it’s not likely he’s going to survive. Are you
“You’re allowed to do that?”
“Apparently. If you’d like me to be?”
“Oh, god.”Judith snorted, laughing at the absurdity of the whole mess, and leaned forward as she prepared to stand up again. Her legs wouldn't work, and she groaned.
, arrangements were made to continue paying Sherlock’s part of the rent at Baker Street so that John could keep living there if he wanted to.
“Oh my god. You’re…John Watson!”
“Well, it’s a beautiful pelt. Take care of it.” She smoothed the ruffled fur with careful fingers and did the same to his hair, unable to help herself, apparently. “There, all properly settled. You boys get on your way and be safe.”
“How was I meant to say goodbye?”
“Those are always the best. What’s she like, this lucky girl of yours?” Magnus guided him through the shop, and he spilled out everything he knew about Judith. Everything she had done for him and for the city of London, never asking for anything in return. From him, all she wanted was a roof over her head, a warm bed, and reliable support. He wanted to give her more than that.
time. She noticed that most of the pictures were of the two of
“It makes no difference to me if it was the Prime Minister. I really. Don’t. Care.”
“Thanks, lads.” John smiled at the pair, who watched him pass them by. They were Fey, and Sherlock suspected they had marked his mate as one of their own kind, and not one to be underestimated. Sherlock kind of wanted to see someone do that, just to see what John did when people took him at face value and ignored what he was truly capable of. He got an idea of it when they ran into Sally Donovan at the line separating the rest of the scene from the house in question.
Things came to a head, finally, when the camp commanders dragged the suits to the hospital tents. She was out making rounds when they came in. Otherwise, Judith would have been cornered in her office, hiding out and waiting for the inevitable. She gave herself a once-over, and without thinking twice, she tore off the disposable scrub-gown and bundled it, and the gloves, into a nearby bin, taking a minute to wash her hands. Her last patient hadn’t been a wounded soldier, but a local woman. She was grateful for that break in the gruesome parade of casualties.
It didn’t take long to queue up the proper cameras, and she caught Beth Davenport’s departure from Islington in the cab she had seen in Soho. They tracked it’s path through London, and focused on the Soho cameras after Judith’s car appeared at the build-site. An hour after she arrived, the cab pulled up. They watched the driver lead Davenport out of the cab at gunpoint and into the build-site, where they disappeared from view inside the trailers. About fifteen minutes later, Judith appeared on the cameras on a check of the area. It was interesting to watch herself disappear beneath the trailer the cats had been living under.
“Getting warm.”
“Yeah, okay, I did. But the flirting’s over, Sherlock…I’ve shown you what I can do.” Jim looked at them, “I cut loose all those people, all those little problems, even thirty million quid just to get you to come out and play.”
“Make sure my silly companion finds a way home, will you? I’m afraid he was a bit too stubborn and refused a free ride home with me tonight.”
“Whenever he feels like upping the game a bit.”
“I’m here for Lestrade. He called me.”
, she had learned from James Bond. But no one knew that, and those that did never made the mistake of taking advantage of her.
“Just a bit.” He picked up his mobile and quietly tapped out a text to Mycroft. “You just came here to pick a fight after a night of drinking yourself stupid and only woke up a few hours ago, you haven’t even taken a shower and you’re still wearing the same clothes you wore on your date last night. Which, judging by this moment, means things didn’t turn out so well.” He tipped his head to the right a bit, “What made him dump you like last week’s garbage, my dear? Hmm? The fact that he caught you
“Mhm.”
“Would you excuse us for a moment, Major? We would like to speak to Captain Watson in private.”
“Again.”
“That’s not Anderson’s job, that’s Lestrade’s job. When he can be bothered to
“That’ll do it! Has he always been so annoying?”
“Do you include violin-playing as unnecessary noise?” Sherlock asked, almost anxious.
“This is the astral plane. One of many planes and dimensions a sorcerer can access with proper training.” The Ancient One stood before her, looking a bit blurred around the edges, transparent. “Your mortal form has not reached the floor yet. You will not be harmed by the fall.” She watched, wondering if any of this was real, as her brother put one arm under her shoulders in the physical world. John catching her was the only thing that kept her from hurting herself when she fell back into her physical body.
off for two years otherwise to get! Who the
“I’ll take care of that, Jude.” John had led them to a small bedroom, “You haven’t taken any time off in a while, you can spare a few days.”
“No! You  know the rules!”
“All right?” He asked gruffly, hoping to god she hadn’t been hurt tonight. Judith tilted her head back, breathing heavily, trying to reorient herself. Her face was white and he suspected that she was on the verge of a break-down.
“John?” He spoke his mate’s name carefully.  Had he finally given up trying to hold his emotions in check? He had been so close at the scene, but he had managed to hold himself together. Sherlock got slowly to his feet, followed in turn by Mycroft and Greg, who traded a slightly guilty look with each other.
“Typical.” An eye-roll said a lot about what Lestrade thought about that. “Well, I guess I’ll catch him later.”
“You’re the boys from London, aren’t you?”
“I don’t trust you for a minute.” Donovan narrowed her eyes. Judith chuckled and leaned close, stealing a quick kiss.
“Yep. That was great.” John snickered and ruffled the silly Belstaff, “You look like Sherlock Holmes again.”
“Now, now, Mr Lachey. None of that nonsense.” He said cheerfully. “Don’t want to add resisting arrest to your records now do we?” All that got him was a whine. It hadn’t taken long for Lachey to realize just how much trouble he’d gotten himself into picking on Sherlock Holmes. Not that Sherlock was by any means unable to defend himself, but he certainly hadn’t objected to John stepping in on his behalf. Two cars appeared and blocked in the stalls where they had taken Lachey to ground. One of them was Greg’s silver car, John recognized it from earlier.
“I’m so sorry, sir, I tried to stop her!” Sally stumbled at the door, trying to catch her breath. He waved off her apology.
“Not once. I’m used to your Met uniform. You’re still working for them?”
“What’s that, sir?”
“I suppose we might.” He got up and held out one hand, “We would love to help you find Pongo’s pups. How many were taken?”
“Nah, sweetie.” Sherlock smiled down at Rosie, “I just had to act like I was.”
“Well, come on. Let’s get inside.” She pocketed the keys and locked up once Sally was out of the car. Getting into Baker Street was simple, and they were careful not to wake Mrs Hudson. Clearing 221B didn’t take long, there was no sign the boys had been back at all since their break for freedom earlier. But no sooner had they cleared the place than Judith saw movement on the street.
“You don’t know everything about me, do you, Mr Holmes?” She smiled and got to her feet, looking around the office, “Come on, let’s go home.”
“I guess! Um, what’s the rest of your name, then?”
we? Where is Kamar-Taj?”
“Thanks.” John pulled them towards him as the door opened and Mary came back in with three takeaway cups of coffee. She set them on the desk and asked if anything else was needed.
His personal effects had been taken as part of the booking-in process, these were duly returned upon sign-out. He checked everything against the log-sheet and marked it when everything was returned. He had his watch, phone, wallet, coat, and his side-arm. The Browning L1A9 he had carried in the Army had been returned with the rest of his kit upon discharge and retirement from that service, but the Glock 17 L131A1 he had used for almost six years with MI6 was still in his possession. It was properly licensed and registered, so there was no reason he wouldn’t get it back. He did not load the clip, tucking it into his coat pocket, but the pistol went back into its conceal-carry holster which was then returned to its standard place tucked into the back waistband of his trousers.
“You can talk, Jude. Go ahead.” Refusing to specifically obey Jim’s orders, Judith met Sherlock’s eyes and nodded once. Sherlock took one hand off the pistol and held out the memory stick towards Jim.
Yes, Moriarty's goons took Judith! No, he is NOT pleased, and neither is Judith. Come to think of it, I doubt ANYONE is thrilled about it. Wrong Watson, you morons! But, that was a dummy-vest, so maybe not too bad? But then we get a reminder that Jim Moriarty is always going to be a charming, sick, twisted psychopath no matter how fond of someone he might be.
“Were
“Please.” He couldn't help thinking he hadn’t been
“We were
“Yes, Mrs Hudson. We know.”
, to New York?”
After she had been dismissed from the scene, she worked the rest of the day, went home to Baker Street that night. She helped John and Sherlock with the next set of clues the following day. It was her day off, so she wasn’t expected anywhere and could give her efforts to Baker Street. They stopped another bomb, solved another case, and as it got dark, Judith decided to head back to Kensington.
“Why don’t you sit with us, Judith? We’re all friends here.”
“Of course.” Magnus slid a note-pad across the counter to him and he scribbled down three words, careful to make sure they were legible: Mo Anam Cara. Gaelic for My Soul Mate. Handing the note-pad to Magnus, he let out the breath he hadn’t been aware of holding.
“Which is more than I can say for others. My brothers regard them as a nuisance, fuzzy assassins, and Bond and Trevelyan call them little saboteurs.”
“Hmm. Whatever became of DeVil?”
“It’s more than just knowing about Q. We’re practically family.”
“Good evening, Mr Masoun. You seem to be doing well for yourself.”
“I could
“No thank you, Anthea.” He didn’t hesitate to turn her down. Anthea knew Judith and liked her, and probably knew why he had said no to getting his coat cleaned. That night, as he had expected, Mycroft slept well. The people important to him were safe and well. And that was truly something, as very few people were so important he would arrange deportation orders to some of the coldest, most hostile places on earth for their sakes.
Judith chuckled and let him lead her back through the sling-portal. It was
“Whoa.” Looking at the camera one last time, she pushed the door open and slipped inside. It had started to rain while she’d been walking, and getting out of the rain was a bonus right now. Shaking water out of her hair and from her jacket, she looked at her watch to see what time it was. It was almost four am. She groaned and leaned against the door.
“He’s upstairs. Fine. Shaken and a bit deaf in one ear, but not a scratch.” She held the tape for her brother, “The wards did their job.”
“Get him downstairs now.” Greg waved them out once she had Sherlock securely cuffed. She had done him a favour and put him in protective cuffs before applying the handcuffs to prevent him from getting the bracelet-abrasions common in wearing hand-cuffs for any amount of time. Judith spun Sherlock and marched him out the door, handing him off to one of the constables on the landing. As he went down the stairs quietly, he winked at her. She returned the wink with a subtle tip of her head and stayed where she was. At the top of the stairs, John, Greg, and Sally stood in the hallway and just inside the flat. She saw Anderson there, too, and clenched her teeth in annoyance.
“I really doubt that, sir. There’s plenty of competent people up in that division.” She chose her words carefully. Not that Judith didn’t
“Of course! Got nothing better to do with Judith gone who
under this, or on top of it! John, this is gorgeous!” Which really made him wonder what the Sìth soldier
“Hmm?” The non-verbal reply came from the bathroom and he raised an eyebrow.
“Bet you never saw
dogs total.
“Former Army medic, couple of tours in Afghanistan. Best site to place a line is here.” She touched her fingertip to her skin and watched it go translucent, revealing the networks of veins.
John leaned back a bit. Sherlock chuckled and his arms went around John’s chest and hips. They fell back this way, and John flipped onto his front with a practised twist of his body. This brought him chest-to-chest and face-to-face with Sherlock.
She smiled and looked around,
“Sherlock!” Lestrade’s voice broke into the moment and he turned.
Several hours later, after a thoroughly enjoyable evening with a few carefully-chosen friends, Mycroft was happy to offer the Watsons a ride home, wherever they happened to be staying tonight. Sherlock politely turned down the same offer, opting to take a cab back to Baker Street, and Donovan had a squad-car to return. Lestrade had
“Oh. And if a fellow named Watson comes by, let him up, please?”
“Oh, I’m so sorry!”
“I keep forgetting how loyal a Lycan can be.” Lestrade smiled, “Keep this one, Sherlock.”
“Oh, there was one thing?”
Judith walked into her office and out the back, not stopping until she reached the far end of the compound. If they were that desperate to talk to her, they would find her. Judith paced along the fence-line for a bit before she turned and left the hospital-compound, staying out of sight of her superior officers.
person would notice. Sherlock, trained to pick up wavers, tone-changes, and inflections, heard a slight change of pitch. A slight hitch in the breath-pattern.
“I only speak of you, nothing of Jim. How dangerous is Jim Moriarty?”
“Ta.” John stepped into the sterile white room lined with rows and rows of shelves and wheeled gurneys covered in white sheets. Some were occupied, some weren’t. It was a familiar sight for John, he wasn’t uncomfortable being around so many dead bodies. Death was kind of an integral part of his work, after all. He stood quietly by as Hooper and Holmes bickered, hands behind his back and feet shoulder-width apart.
“A…suitcase? No, I don’t think I did.” She shook her head, “But…oh! Wait, Sherlock!” she hadn’t seen a suitcase in the
“Can you actually
, Sherlock Holmes.” She fell asleep at an odd but comfortable angle, lulled by the soft snoring of her bed-mates.
“Who’s this, then?”
“Which is interesting, considering what I know about Mycroft and Q,” John said with a shrug.
“No, I don’t think I have to.” Judith wrinkled her nose, “Not with the heat you’re packing, anyway.”
“Along with the rest of him!” Q looked very pleased with himself and John snickered.
“Oh, thank you, Doctor Watson.” She took the log and handed it to Lestrade. “There you go, Greg.”
too skinny.”
“Oh, I hope so.” Greg watched Judith’s face fall a bit, “Fuck, I can’t
“I will.” Sherlock got to his feet and brushed off his hands. “As for these victims, get Branson Vendell to talk. He’ll have all the answers you could want that I don’t have for you.”
“Mm, I seem to remember suggesting just that very thing and then we got distracted.” John chuckled, “My apologies.”
“Oh?”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.” Sherlock got to his feet, looking down at the unassuming homeless man before him, “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“What makes you think she’s locked up in a prison cell?” John raised an eyebrow.
“People are awful.” Sherlock piped in, “Also, they’re all idiots.”
“Don’t you dare bite me, Sherlock.”
“One for us, and one for John and Sherlock.”
tonight?” He asked as he followed Mycroft.
“Well, sorry to give you that, but can’t let a taxi drive with a bad light.” She shrugged, “Have a good night, sir.”
“Jesus, Greg!”
He split his focus between Hutchinson sitting next to him, listening to the conversation John had on speaker-phone, and the busy car-park outside.
“I...suppose.”
“I have several, one each for my favourite former Double-Ohs.”
“Where did you encounter Doctor Stamford, then?” He would be damned if Mycroft wasn’t smiling.
“All fifteen. I expect Roger and Anita will be home any minute, they would be happy to talk to you! We were so afraid it would get lost in red-tape or forgotten!”
.” He eyed the pills, “See if I can really outsmart you. Or, rather, the man who
“I’ve been told it’s very picky.” Strange smiled, “But it doesn’t seem to mind certain people.”
“Oh please.”
“Yes, I was. And a few of the other more unsavoury places you’ve visited.”
. Over the ringing of the phone, Sherlock heard a soft click. A door closing, somewhere else in the flat. He and Mr Hope were not alone in 221B and probably hadn’t been for quite a while. Not if that had been Judith’s squad-car parked on the kerb outside.
clear in your paperwork, apparently someone thinks we’re all a bunch of morons up in Criminal Investigations. Homicide and Major Crimes is populated by prancing
The next week went by in a blur of work and get-togethers with his Army pals. When Al Jenkins heard about the coat, he offered to do it for free. John hadn’t expected that, so he gave Jenkins a tip for the favour. Once he had the coat back, he put out an ad in the papers. It was a short piece that read “Found: Belstaff coat w/ red button-holes @ New North Street. Please Inquire for Retrieval.” He listed his phone-number and address in the ad and waited. A coat that nice wouldn’t go unclaimed for long, he just hoped the person who came for it was the legitimate owner. And it wasn’t just any coat, either, it was special. There was magic in it, and it was far too soft and smooth to be pure wool, no matter how finely spun. Some poor shapeshifter was missing their coat. He had a feeling he knew who it belonged to, but he didn’t know the man’s name, and without a name, he had nothing. It was both intriguing and frustrating. And John was also concerned about Moriarty’s involvement.
“If we don't get on it will be easy to part company. It seems to me that you have some reason for washing your hands of the matter.” John said quietly, “Is this bloke's temper so formidable, or what is it? Don't be modest about it.”
“Says she’s got family in Kingsteignton. Her credentials were good and she cleared the probationary period without any problems.” Lestrade separated two files from the stacks on his desk, “There’s two of the files, I’ll have to do some hunting for the other one.”
“The blond. Your brother?”
“Oh, lucky you.” An eyebrow went up at that. Not many people in John’s particular line of work got to retire like this, quiet-like and still living.
job properly.”
“What were you
“Harry died three years ago, last immediate family I had that was still living.”
“Just a thought. Tend to function better with food in my stomach. You’re a freak of nature, but I’m just a pretty normal bloke who doesn’t do well on an empty stomach.”
O, bhràithrean, rachamaid sios,
“I remember faces, but you gave me a bit of trouble.” She smirked, “I could have sworn I knew you from somewhere before, but for some reason I never put you together with one of my old Army contacts.”
“Oh, Jesus Christ!”
“You’re in absolutely no danger, but they don’t know that.” He picked up the vest and she slid it on again, shrugging into the parka and zipping it up to conceal the dummy-vest once it was properly fastened. It was a true work of art, and if she hadn’t known it was a dummy, would have been terrified. There were indicator lights and everything.
“Stop that man!” Someone yelled, “Call the police!” John was already on the move. A bit of excitement for the evening? That was okay with him. He wasn’t quite drunk, but he wasn’t exactly stone-cold sober, either, yet he had no problem running down the man, who kept looking over his shoulder.
“Mm.” The restaurant’s owner and manager nodded enthusiastically, “But having Judith Watson is not a bad business-move, I do not think. She is smart and gifted, yes?”
“I did what I could. The rest is up to her.” Strange said quietly as Greg followed him out into the hallway.
“Exploring! Where do you
Part 1 of 2
“Such as?”
“Mycroft!” Judith said warningly. “That’s enough, both of you! Maybe I solved the case, but that’s not going to matter!”
“I’m almost afraid to see what you’re like if you dedicate yourself to wooing someone.”
“And if he wasn’t three years cold in his grave, I’d say it was Moriarty. But I know it’s not, so…”
picture, that showed her with John and Sherlock. She was in her Met uniform, John wore his fatigues, and Sherlock that ridiculous Belstaff coat of his. They were obviously on a scene, if their expressions and the glimpse of yellow tape and police vehicles in the background were anything to go by. John didn’t wear his fatigues very often, usually only to get-togethers with squad-mates from Afghanistan, and she tried to date the picture from clues. Time of day, landmarks visible in the frame, anyone else in the frame, that sort of thing. She couldn’t think of anything just then, but it didn’t really matter. It was a picture of all three of them together, even if they weren’t smiling. Taping it to her monitor, she finished setting up her workspace and got some paperwork done.
is Stephen Strange. Good friend of the Watsons.” He knew exactly what it was about the former neurosurgeon that had that precise expression on his boss’s face and couldn't help a mean chuckle.
“Of course it was!” Sherlock looked at him, almost appalled he’d said that, “Everything
“She attacked me!”
“And there he goes.”
“Sherlock, for the last time! Put your phone away!”
“Not usually, not any time I’ve run by here except maybe once.” Greg looked up and down the street, “Why do you ask?”
“What’s wrong?” Mrs Hudson came out of her flat, a little frantic. “Has something happened to Sherlock?”
“Q, you’re a marvel.” John carefully pressed his fingertips to the scanner. Sure enough, the locks popped less than three seconds later. He pulled the door open and ducked into the car for a quick peek before deciding to get in. John slid into the car, settling on the vented leather seat, and stroked the wheel and dash with reverent fingers. Everything looked just the way it had before Timothy Bennett had decided to “borrow” his car, and there were a few new goodies added. Q took him through every feature, what it did and how it worked, and told him to take care of it, but bring it back if it ever needed work done.
“It could be a while before we’re on civil speaking-terms.” Jim offered her a hand, “He was always
“Now, we can talk here, in peace in Baker Street, or this conversation is going to happen in a metal room and you’re going to be very uncomfortable.” Judith gave a casual, disinterested shrug. “It’s your choice, but I’ll get my answers out of you in a fashion either way.” Oh, she was
She sighed,
“Evening, sir. Quiet one tonight.”
“God bless Mrs Hudson.” John muttered, “She keeps us right, Sherlock.”
“Mm, it was John.” The twins smiled at each other and Greg suddenly felt very sorry for the criminals of London if they decided to pool their resources together with Sherlock Holmes. As he filed Judith and Sherlock’s statements in the proper case-file, he noticed that John had a cane. He had missed that detail earlier at the hospital, but it was only to be expected with so many people and so much going on. He frowned and looked up at the charming, slightly-dangerous blond.
Q worked some magic down in his lab and another set of cameras appeared on the monitors. She was now looking at cameras from Islington and Soho.
“I don’t know if anyone’s ever done that for me.”
“It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”
Six people within earshot of them gasped and recoiled. Judith remained calm by virtue of fifteen years in the Army and the knowledge that as gratifying as it would be to chin Anderson and lay him out, it would only result in disciplinary action on her behalf and she had a clean record so far. She wanted to keep it that way. She narrowed her eyes at him and clenched her teeth so hard they scraped against each other.
.” Sherlock muttered. The Winter Court had been more than happy to interfere on his business whenever they had a chance to do so. But with the whole trouble with Moriarty, he was grateful for it. They were probably the only reason he was still alive. Even someone as power-hungry and psychopathically inclined wouldn’t risk the fury of the Fey Courts by killing off someone like Sherlock Holmes.
“Oh yeah.” He heaved, “Worst I’ve seen in a while!”
“Check skips and bins around the hotel, they wouldn't have carried it for long. And look for bloodied clothing as well.” She inspected the body once someone had given her a pair of nitrile gloves.
“Sherlock?”
“We’ll do our best, Chief.” Judith looked at Greg and Sally, “But that precludes us getting to him before Moriarty talks him into committing suicide.”
“And a good one, too, I hear.” Moriarty looked thoughtful.
“You’ve been all over the world with the Army, and this is still the furthest you’ve ever been from home.” Strange shook his head, “It was the same for me, and for your brother. Many who come here don’t travel as far.”
Moving quickly but with stealth adapted from clearing houses in Afghanistan, she got the front door open and left it unlocked behind her. Greg called in on his radio that they had made entry to the house and the front door was unlocked for the back-up teams to make entry when they arrived. Incoming units were to arrive without lights or sirens, only the last unit on-scene would flash their lights and siren, and only once.
“What breed should we get, do you think?” He turned so he and Sherlock faced each other. He wanted to see Sherlock’s face, see what he was thinking.
As he had suspected, he didn’t find anything at the small shop, but word had gotten around fast and the store-clerk passed him a card. It led him to a shop in Spanish Town, on the south end of the island. One of the water-sports instructors, a local islander, had heard about his troubles and offered to give him a ride down to Spanish Town on his ferry, which he ran on an as-needed basis. And Greg was much in need. He checked his watch and marked the time. Judith was still in class.
“Step out of the house, Miss Riley.” Judith said calmly, waving the woman out, “We’re looking for Richard Brook.”
“Oh, for Heaven’s sake! Come in, you two! Just like you to get caught out in the rain, hmm?” She practically dragged them into the house, as she had many times in the past when they got caught out on a case and forgot or lost their keys.
“Got it, Inspector.” The medic looked at Judith and narrowed his eyes, “You don’t want a ride in, do you?”
“Like I said, there’s not much money to be made driving cabs and, well, even though I don’t see ‘em, after I die my kid’s will get
“Of course, love.” Sherlock just smiled at Rosie, “Tonight, we’ll stay with Nana and Papi, would you like that?”
Studying about that good old way
“Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket…or are you just pleased to see me?” He asked with a grin. Sherlock pulled the pistol from his waistband, taking careful aim at the madman.
“You’re running out of time anyway, Mr Hope.” Judith’s voice was calm and level. “Just give us a name and go in peace.” Sherlock was aware that Judith had seen and spoken to Hope before and wondered if she could get him to talk. He heard a soft click behind him and felt a hand on his shoulder. He got up slowly, still unsteady from the drug, and let her take his seat.
“Not a pleasant one. Keep me informed of Harry’s condition, please?” He went back into the waiting-room, “I’d love to nail a homicide charge on Beverley Watson’s sorry arse.”
ring, which he laid down on a towel, folding the cloth over it to conceal it just in case Judith came up while he was busy.
him, but damn he could have been a Holmes!
It was a short drive to the London Heliport, where they met the waiting chopper that would take them to Suffolk. The bird was equipped with FLIR cameras and spot-lights, all of which would come in handy. The pilot came to meet them.
“Small place over in Maida Vale, the Agency keeps it up for me.”
“Mm, more like there are a few people in MI6 who would rather I didn’t have to worry about the hassle if I get stopped carrying my service-weapon.” She smirked, “Figured me out yet, Mr Holmes?”
“Prove your loyalty to The Met, then.” Roben glared up at them, “You bring that…that
“That’s
“John!” He squeaked. Was it really? Oh, his mate’s Other Form was more magnificent and more…
“Ah, but you’re one of the smartest.” He amended. John simply lifted the lighter to the end of the cigarette he had given Sherlock before pocketing the whole lot again.
“Catch…you…later.”
“More or less. I don’t care for most people or circumstances. But you know this.” He set the lock of the door and Judith glanced over her shoulder. He hadn’t given up his suit, but he had forsaken his jacket and the tie. Judith chuckled and listened as he shed the rest of his clothes to pants, doing the same and tossing her clothes out in a pile. She ran the water and sighed as it ran cool. There wasn’t really such a thing as hot water out here in the desert, but a shower was a shower.
“The driver forgot he had the suitcase, it was still in the car when he left here.” She looked around the dark streets, “He wouldn’t have gone far to dump it once he realized he still had it. Anywhere within five minute’s drive. Check skips and alley-ways. I’d help but…” She waved at the scene behind them.
“Either way, you’re wasted as a cabbie.” Sherlock propped his head up on his hand and looked at the man again. Rubbing his fingers across his chin, he dropped his hand, now strong enough to keep his head up unassisted.
is proper thinking. Between you and me, why can’t people think?” The cabbie looked angry, but...
“I’m sorry I lied to you.”
“Of course, sir.”
“My brother.”
John Watson finally meets Sherlock Holmes, and it's the beginning of something beautiful. If Sherlock can just behave himself for once.
“Bull.”
“This isn’t a business-trip in the strictest sense of the word, Colonel!” Mycroft Holmes didn’t look disgustingly smug, to no one’s surprise, “A bit of pleasure went into planning this visit!”
As she brushed her hands off on her trousers, Judith saw a flicker of motion at the door and looked up to see Sherlock. He poked his head around the doorjamb and when he saw her guarding Roberts, he waved her up. She looked at Roberts. He just looked up at her and offered a shaky salute. She nodded and headed for the room, ignoring Donovan again as she ducked the tape and followed Sherlock into the hotel room. He directed her into the bathroom and she could definitely see why Roberts had lost his nerve.
“Let’s see, the victim was reported missing at eleven pm from a fundraiser in Islington, do we have those cameras?” She took a headset from M and switched it on, “Q, can you get me the cameras in Islington, please?”
“Obviously.”
surprised to find him passed out on the stairs. Then again, it took an awful lot to surprise his landlady, god bless her.
“In the wind. He’ll surface when he needs to, but right now it’s better for him to stay under The Met’s radar.”
“Because he knows I’m going back to the scene, and he wants a distant look at the response to his last victim’s discovery.” She turned her focus back to the road and didn’t think of Hope again until they reached the Lauriston Gardens scene. Driving in under the tape-line that had been set up to keep out bystanders, she looked for the forensics team.
“You noticed?”
“Not anymore.” John smirked, “Too bad she’ll be going away for a
any lights on. The curtains were drawn, but she’d be a damned fool if she didn’t think he was sitting in there and watching the street. She slowed down and leaned against the gate, trying to catch her breath and hating the weather for the ache in her thigh.
“Oh, hush.” He wrote his phone-number down at the top of the page in the corner. “That’s my number, call me or text if you need anything. If you get a case or the likes.”
“Holy hell, you’re still in London?” John chuckled as he sat down across from his old school-mate. He remembered a much younger, less-portly Mike Stamford at Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital, they had gone to medical school together for years before John decided the Army was more his liking.
are concerned. You know there’s two betting pools running right now at work?”
“Where are you going?”
“He’s married, isn’t he?”
“Good morning, Colonel Watson!”
As soon as the cab had pulled away, Judith looked up somewhere to take the animals. But none of the shelters were open and she didn’t want to drive out to Holloway to drop them off at Harmsworth Memorial Animal Hospital. She groaned and put her head down on the steering-wheel. The kittens mewled pitifully, she guessed they were hungry. The queen, a gorgeous silver tabby Maine Coon, climbed into her lap and rubbed against her, purring.
He was fast in the shower, getting dressed in casual khaki slacks and a white short-sleeved button-down. As he buttoned up his shirt, his phone rang. It was a text-message, thankfully. From Sherlock.
“Oh, you have!” A bright smile split the woman’s face, her eyes lit up. “Oh, Sherlock, I’m so proud of you! It’s about bloody time, young man! So, then, who is he? When do I get to meet him?”
“The man who risked his life to save your brother’s in 2001.”
looking at?” He snapped. Sally’s eyes widened and she lowered her head as John started to move. She knew what was coming and couldn't bear to look. Judith knew exactly what her brother was planning to do and quietly took another pair of handcuffs from Sally since hers had been given up for Sherlock. They weren’t going to stop John from taking a swing at the Chief Superintendent, not right away. If anyone deserved a good shot at James Roben, it was definitely John Watson. And he could get away with it, Judith and Sally could not.
“Shut up.”
“What’s wrong?”
“My brother was here earlier. Almost right after Moriarty left here.” He remembered Mycroft holding him and calming him down, singing to him. “It might be his scent.”
“I’ve given you a glimpse, Sherlock, just a teensy glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world. I’m a specialist, you see…” He looked surprised, as if he had only just realised the connection. “…like you!”
There was a click as he hung up first and she pocketed her phone, covering her mouth with one hand for a moment.
of them would get something useful done tonight. He felt bad for Judith and Sherlock, wondering how long Judith would stay on Everest, and if anyone would think to go looking for her out there.
After exchanging rings and the unspoken promises that went with them, and carefully securing the pelt cases in the safe Mycroft had given him, Sherlock found John fixing tea in the kitchen.
“Yeah, no. No problem.” Sherlock shook his head.
“So did I, Anderson.”
“You’d better call your superiors right now.”
She looked out the windscreen at people coming and going on business, unaware of the drama unfolding behind closed doors.
“She has quite a few targets to choose from.” He mused, not missing how the boys twitched uncomfortably in their seats, trying to remain still and failing a bit miserably. So much for Sherlock’s loudly-proclaimed lack of sexual interest in women. Or in anyone, really. But then again, he amended, Judith Watson had always been the chink in his brother’s armour. Both twins had been, for as long as they had been friends. Even when there had been no recognized blood between them, Judith had been friends with John Hughes. Their mother’s marriage to Richard Hughes had made them recognized family, despite a hidden record that put their names on the same birth-certificate: Judith Hermione Watson and John Hamish Watson.
“Send ‘em to boot if that’s what you think will do the trick.” John said around a sip of his drink, “I won’t just scare ‘em, Mike, I’m just as likely to kill one of them for being a mouthy fucker.”
“You can do better than me, kiddo.”
doing here?”
, Greg.”
leaves that house, if anyone comes to call, I want to know. Names and stats of any visitors, am I clear?”
day.”
“Because she lost
“Lead on, then.” He waved for her to lead the way, and followed as she set off for The Mall. It was a quiet, foggy circuit past Buckingham Palace and down The Mall straight-away, there a few more people out than before, but Saint James’s Park was still very quiet.
“What
the work of a collector, but no idea who was behind it. But there were parallels between the dognapping case and another case that had flagged the attention of the Baker Street Boys when it happened. An incident at the London Zoo had resulted in the death of the venue’s three-year-old female Siberian Tiger, who had been killed and skinned about nine months ago. It was John who made the connection. He was staring at pictures and maps when it hit him. Sherlock was in the kitchen doing…something, but came running when John gave a yell.
“We would miss you.”
“I like my job, the people I work with.” She couldn't help twisting the ring on her left hand, one that laid a subtle declaration to anyone who bothered to pay attention. Stephen noticed and took her hand. As soon as he saw the ring, his eyes lit up and he looked up at her.
“Judith Watson. Detective Constable. Criminal Investigations Division, Homicide and Major Crimes.” The master of ceremonies called Judith’s name and even though she didn’t look at them, he did not miss the way his sister blushed when their little group made enough noise to deafen their half of the room.
“He saved my
“Good luck with
“John. What’s wrong?”
“Alright, now no deducing these people right out of the gate, they’re not going to appreciate you being yourself.”
“He’ll get through these before Valentine’s Day. Very latest April Fool’s Day.” She closed the boot and headed for the front door. John pulled it open for her and took the top box.
, Corporal, or it’s your tags I’m taking! Are we clear on this?” She snarled, showing her credentials. The poor pilot couldn’t get into position fast enough, apologizing for the misunderstanding. She kissed Greg before she kicked the rope out and jumped, and as soon as her feet were on the ground, she unhooked from the belay and shed the harness.
five people. That’s the most fun you can ’ave with an aneurysm.”
“How?”
“Whoever’s been kidnapping the puppies is the same person who contracted the killing of Sue Ling at London Zoo!” He turned, clutching a handful of photographs in one hand, “Sherlock, I swear, it’s the same person!”
“Oh, good morning, Doctor Strange.”
It wasn’t until they had driven from Baskerville to Henry Knight’s house that he realized the past forty-five minutes had actually happened. Sherlock had some damn crooked ideas about things, which was how he found himself hunting Sherlock and Henry down on the foggy moor in the dark, hoping to God whatever was out here didn’t come after him. It didn’t, but he lost track of Sherlock again after a ghost encounter in Dewer’s Hollow. Taking care of a frantic Henry Knight, John didn’t get back to the inn until many hours later, and looking for Sherlock got him a sight to behold. Judith had returned from Baskerville and the two sat across from each other by the fire, caught up in a tense discussion. He could see Sherlock’s hand shaking as he lifted a glass and frowned. Was Sherlock having a panic attack? Not that he blamed the man, but Sherlock didn’t
“Yes, sir.”
“So you can shift at will?”
“Such as?”
“How and where did you get Sherlock Holmes’s statement from the case yesterday?”
“This is my second stop.” She hugged the sweet-natured physician, “It’s good to see you again, Christine. You still need to visit London.”
Jim rolled his eyes and clicked off.
Ten minutes later, a black government car pulled up outside the pub and two people got out, the driver and Mycroft’s long-time aide A. John gave A the keys to Lestrade’s car as the driver held the door for them.
“Nothing, sir.” She cleared her throat, “Where will I be posted, then?”
“How did you
“What’s it this morning, then, Sherlock?” He asked as he passed behind his perch.
“You don’t seem all that bad.” He told her. “In fact, you’re rather…I find you rather honourable. You’re approachable. But then again, ain’t that your job?” An interesting answer, but she
“Oh, Christ.” She turned and dropped down into a squat, bracing her back against the cubicle’s edge as she blew out a long breath and tried to calm herself down. Greg came back in, having apparently seen no sign of anyone outside. He started to pace up and down near Judith, hyper and distracted.
Sally knocked on the door five minutes later, looking for Judith.
you a year ago!
“Might have. We’ll see in a minute.” John slipped at the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock caught him. Somehow they both ended up on the wet sand, laughing like a pair of idiots with the breath knocked out of them.
“Have you considered revisiting Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital in search of work?”
“Oh, god, there wouldn't be anything left of me after an hour!” She buried her face in the pillow, “Shit.”
“What exactly did Moran tell you about me?” Judith asked warily.
“City. Someone called in a body washed up under Millenium Bridge. Apparently, very interesting.”
“What happened? Claudia?” He nodded shakily, his whole body shaking with a quiet sob. The divorce had been scheduled to finalize today, which explained everything she and the boys had noticed.
“Also, the biggest by far I’ve ever seen, or taken.” He said, “I can’t wait to feel it inside me.” Well, shit. That was a first. John hoped to Christ the whimper wasn’t something Sherlock could actually hear.
“Oh, yeah. Couldn’t miss that commotion, no ma’am.” Gerald shuffled around, tending to his grieving family, “Just one question for you girls.”
“I am being serious.”
This meant he had to go looking for another job, and quite possibly a new place to live. He really wasn’t looking forward to that. Now, maybe if he worked this right, he could keep his current place as a safe-house of sorts, it wasn’t the only one of its kind he had and he didn’t really feel up to surrendering it if his employers weren’t going to demand it back. John rubbed his eyes briskly, knowing it would help no one to cry, or dwell on this for too long. Instead, he decided to put his grief to use and pack up another chapter of his life. He didn’t have much, a lifetime of living in Army housing both domestic and overseas had taught him to keep few material belongings. And in service to Section Six, he kept less than that. He was rarely home long enough to have more than the basic necessities in either service, but that was no longer his option. Retrieving a couple of boxes kept on hand for just this sort of thing, John began packing up his small office in MI6 Headquarters.
“I love Dalmatians, and detest those who hurt them, or any animals.” John pulled his phone from his pocket and called Greg. It rang so many times he thought it would go to voicemail. It did. Cursing, he left a short message. “Greg, hey, it’s John Watson. Listen, we got a break in the dognapping case. Suspect, names, location, everything. Call me back or I’ll find you. Now!” Hanging up, he redialed.
“Just said the twin had died during childbirth.”
one in person. Most of the time they were very normal-looking, in nondescript civilian street-clothes, not drawing much attention to who they were and what they were capable of. And he had just come face-to-face with three at once, and three very irate and angry sorcerers to boot. Greg couldn’t say he was too sorry for the nasty shock.
“Why would I be grateful? Why would I
“I don’t have a clue what he gave you, so I’ll go basic. Sleep off the worst of it and pray for the best.” John murmured, “You fucking moron, Sherlock Holmes, he would have killed you!”
“Ten days?”
“Are you going to take her in?” Greg asked from the street, where he was talking to Moran and the boys.
“Yeah. I’m right here.”
“Oh, no you’re not! Here, follow me!” The clerk came around the desk after a whispered word to her coworker, who’s eyes lit up, and he tagged along tamely until they reached the tiny gift-shop. It wasn’t perfect, but he crossed his fingers he would find something there that would do the trick. It was Friday, which meant that Judith would be getting her certification in a ceremony at five, and if he knew Judith, which he did, she would complete the course-work and spend the rest of the day honing her skills. So that gave him tonight, tomorrow on their morning run, or tomorrow night on the Stargazing Cruise.
“Is completely different a bad thing?”
to be Sherlock Holmes. If John hadn’t known any better, he would have thought for sure it was his Quartermaster. But Q wasn’t quite so … rude? Sassy, blunt, but not quite rude.
“At minimum a week.” He sighed and fussed with his coat, “I really have no idea, Mrs Hudson. That’s completely up to Sergeant Watson, and she is not the sort of woman to be disobeyed or underestimated.”
“Yes, I certainly do, and he had better have a good fucking reason.”
“What did I miss?”
Judith’s eyes fluttered closed, the strain of the stand-off getting to her. It hurt to see someone with so much training, so much discipline, caught between the ultimate rock and a hard place.
“When I die, they won’t get much, my kids.” He shrugged, “Not a lot of money in driving cabs.”
“I’m so sorry, John.” He sighed and leaned against the railing, glass in one hand, cigarette in the other, looking out on the bustling street below. The music thrummed in his bones, in his ears, but it wasn’t as loud as he’d thought it should be.
“No you won’t!” Jim’s voice was high-pitched and sing-song as he opened the door Judith had come out of earlier. The red glow of the sniper-sights disappeared then, letting them breathe a bit easier.
“I’ll get Moran. He’ll be easier to find.” John growled, opening a portal to a different part of the building, “You get Moriarty. If he’s gone, just come back, Sherlock.”
“Oh.”
“Hmm.” And if that didn’t just make the tall git so bloody pleased with himself. John snorted and flipped onto his back, sitting up to read along with Sherlock.
look, ta.
“A roof over your head, a real bed, hell, I’ll throw in dinner and drinks to sweeten the deal.” He tapped the fingers of his right hand against the roof of his car, “Can’t have the likes of you sleeping on London’s streets tonight. Shabby home-coming for a soldier with your history. Damn hero you are.”
“Say that again, Shepherd?” Lestrade frowned, holding the press-to-talk button.
? “Uh, why do you ask?”
“I’m fine, sir.”
“How did you do that?”
“Thanks for coming down, Greg. I’m so sorry.” Judith hugged him tightly. “I’m so sorry.” He felt a slight tremor in her frame and knew this was very hard on her.
“Oh, Roger!”
them all the same. One thought he had before he fell asleep was, was John a Double-Oh, and if he
do you know up there?!”
“I’ll apologize to him, but forget about Riley.”
“My brother is a water-fey, as I am. But he’s a different type.”
“Stephen, please.” He smiled and held out one hand to her.
He raked one hand through his hair,
“Just don’t do anything stupid? Please?” John paced behind him, “Don’t lock me out of whatever you plan on doing?”  When he caught sight of Riley coming up the footpath, he sat down to wait for her. John sat next to him.
“It’s not a game.” Sherlock squinted, “It’s chance.”
“But not family or significant other.” John sighed, “I do not envy you the effort it’s going to take to find those people.”
Desperate to set things right with recent history, Judith found herself standing on the street in front of Saint Bart’s at the exact moment everything had started going wrong. The only people aware of the moment time froze were Judith and John, and Stephen Strange. Up on the roof, she could see Sherlock and Moriarty facing each other. A moment’s patience paid off as Stephen Strange stepped onto the ledge. Time to make sure history didn’t repeat itself. She opened a sling-portal onto the rooftop and joined Stephen. John stayed behind on street-level. Once she had reached the roof, they turned time a bit more to watch just what went wrong. It was one thing to see the aftermath, their broken bodies on the street below, but it was something
best, actually. Judith Watson, this brat is Jim Moriarty. Good friend of mine, keeps me busy these days.”
Greg had taken dutiful notes and as he looked at what he had written already, he glanced at the pair of them as they crouched over the body, talking in quiet voices, conversing in French. John was very aware of the scrutiny and looked up.
“Well, there it is. Sorry to cut our rather lovely talk short, Will, but duty calls.”
“And do feel free to pop by mine whenever you’re in the neighbourhood, the cats would love some company.”
that?!”
“Mrs Hudson?” God bless his sweet landlady for putting up with Sherlock, John, Judith, and Sally. All of the grief the four of them gave her and all she ever did was love them.
“Sorry, I ... didn’t mean to intrude.” He finally stammered, realizing he was openly staring and had been silent for far too long.
“Well, I just came to see how you were faring. You don’t look very well, are you eating?”
As she filled out the proper boxes, she heard a door open and close again. The house directly to her left as she faced Hope’s cab was empty, and yet…he had just walked out the front door. Hmm.
“Not quite.” Greg shook his head, “Well, I guess I really do owe you one! Or two.”
“Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you know…?”
“Oh, it’s you!” His smile broadened as he recognized her, “Wondered what had become of you!”
“Act as if I know nothing. Let her think I’m ignorant.” He finished his report and handed it to Greg, who added it to to the file.
“She’s an A&E doctor, of
“But I
“You’ve never seen a spell executed before, have you?”
“Please...don’t,” Sherlock whined, reaching for the hand clenching against the back of his neck. “I’m sorry!”
“Would you believe me if I told you that John and I are sorcerers? And every day I touch something so powerful it scares me to think that someone could misuse the power?”
“The name’s Watson. John Watson.”
“You two just take a night in. Not like anyone’s going to come calling on you, is it?”
“Oh, I know.” Q smirked, “But I’m sure you’ll find
“Corporal, do something about that alarm.”
“I prefer dogs, but cats get along with me just as well.”
, Mr Holmes?” Lachey snarled, cocking the hammer back. John reacted in a heartbeat and put the muzzle of his gun to the back of Lachey’s head, making damn sure the man
“John, take my seat. Please.” Mycroft surprised all of them by getting his feet, having taken Sherlock’s grey chair whenever he’d arrived, and vacating his seat. John raised an eyebrow and looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock just shrugged. His brother’s move surprised him as much as it did John. Finally, he decided to move. There was no reason not to, really. It got quiet in Baker Street, there was an air of anticipation and Sherlock could feel the crackle of disquiet radiating off of John. All he could do was offer whatever support he was able to, however he could. John just needed
“Guess I’d better go thank him and get a name, then.” John got carefully to his feet, not because he was inebriated but just because he didn’t want to bump into anyone, and closed his tab before he picked up the drink and set off. When he got to the table, he set the glass down and studied the man seated there.
“Because they never cared about me. I was on my own until I was sixteen, fending off my father’s abuses by myself until I escaped to the Army. When Joseph Watson died at the bottom of a whiskey-bottle when I was twenty-one, I was free.” Judith glared out the wind-screen, “My mother remarried two years later to a man named Richard Hughes, who deserves so much better than the messed-up, broken family he married into. I mean, the man has grown children and grandchildren to boot, for Christ’s sake! My brother barely remembers his own name on a good day, you don’t want to know what he’s like on a
“I don’t always appear in my true Other Form. I’m still quite large enough to get attention for my size, but I don’t frighten anyone. I try not to.” Sherlock stifled a giggle at the way John’s eyes widened. Yes, his Other Form was rather...large. But he wasn’t supposed to
“Saint Bart’s.”
“Judith?”
John’s voice was so steady, so…calm. It was a bit frightening, but not that surprising. Greg chuckled and pushed away from his desk.
So when he got a two-top with a couple on his already-crowded roster, John sighed and looked to see if either of them were club-members. Oh. Yep. Yes, they were.
“So, where in his mind is it okay to cheat on his wife with a coworker who doesn’t seem that interested?”
to ask for a lawyer, and he had basically agreed that after this was over, he would go to jail quietly. Not that he had much time left. As Sherlock had already deduced, he was sick, dying.
“So, who’s your handsome friend, Molls?” Handsome? John didn’t particularly think so, but he was flattered.
“Well?”
She was still searching at two am when she happened to make a round of a build-site down in Soho. The site had closed down at regulation hours, but the lights were still on, which wasn’t unusual. What
“Oh, you’d deserve it! And Mummy would laugh at you for it, too, you know she would.” He said indignantly. “I don’t like being
. For once.” She scrubbed at her face, “Well, nothing on purpose, anyway.”
him a happy birthday at all, had remembered. It showed that, in his own rather odd way, he really did care about John. It was nice to have a friend like Mycroft Holmes, even if he wasn’t always the best sort of friend to have. Locking up for the night, John shut down the flat and went through his nightly ablutions before climbing into bed. Christ knew he needed sleep if he could get any.
“See? I’m not an idiot, but I didn’t see that. You, however, did see it.”
A nervous corporal met her and explained things. Sherlock had used Mycroft’s ID to break into Baskerville and had gotten caught. Judith planned on getting answers, but not out of the Baker Street duo. She headed for the main lab compound, swiping in with her own ID, entering overrides to gain entry, and caught up to the gang that had stopped Sherlock and John a few yards shy of the exit. She saw one of the researchers coming up on the group from behind, but as soon as he saw her and registered her uniform, he ground to a dead halt, face nearly white. Sham inspectors was bad enough, but the real thing was even worse. And she wasn’t here on pleasant business.
“We’ll keep an eye on the place for you, Mrs. Hudson.” Judith promised. Once Mrs. Hudson was on her way, they settled in for the long haul.
“No problem, boss.” Rick was content with his tea and biscuits. “Got your radio, yeah?”
“Are you
at so intently? He’d been doing that for what seemed like hours now.
“John?”
“Roger that.” He smiled and started queuing up the requested cameras, “Oh, by the way, M wanted to see you.”
“What, were you expecting me to say
“What’d you do?”
“She went to get one of the sergeants, sir.”
“Why?”
They found their way back to the London Sanctum, where she parted ways with Strange. He kissed her good night before disappearing into the Sanctum, returning to Kamar-Taj from there. Judith drove home, feeling much better than before. When she checked her messages, there was nothing from Greg aside from a check-in text letting her know he was still working on the most recent case.
“Of course, little brother.” Mycroft’s touch was gentle and soothing and he calmed down slowly, shivering in his brother’s arms and uncaring of the indignation of sitting on his floor in tears, crying like a child. But no one in this house would judge him. Mycroft stroked his hair, humming some obscure lullaby from forgotten days until he was nearly asleep.
“Safe in my car. They’re all about a month old or so.”
“I do, actually. I, er, borrowed them from Lestrade.”
“I looked up the victims and their histories.”
“Why on earth would we be arresting Sherlock Holmes?” Lestrade hissed, looking at Moriarty like he'd lost his mind. “I'm not about to put my best resource in handcuffs without a good fucking reason, Mr Moriarty.”
“Lestrade!” She chuckled and went to the car, leaning in through the window, “Fancy running into you around here, Inspector!”
much of a hermit, Mike.”
“And your face is tanned, so you’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. At least not recently. But why would you leave the Army? Not because you did anything wrong, so … honourable discharge?”  Sherlock was more or less talking to himself, and John let him talk. “How would a soldier get that kind of discharge? Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“Damn it! Hello! Anyone home?!” She called out. Lights were on, but she didn’t get the feeling anyone was actually
“A pen. This is a Class 4 grenade.” Q said, taking the pen from where John had left it after his own initial inspection. “Three clicks arms the four-second fuse, another three disarms it.”
“I did.” Sherlock cocked the pistol. “
“Jesus Christ, Jude! What
“Like wizards and spells, that kind of thing?”
“Yeah, might as well. Thanks.” Greg gave a tired, dismissive wave as he focused on the paperwork cluttering his desk, looking for the rest of the files. The attractive blonde just smiled brightly, a bit too friendly, and looked at John.
“Let me see — what are my other shortcomings. I get in the dumps at times, and don't open my mouth for days on end. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. Just leave me be and I’ll be right in a while.”
His would-be killer didn’t know a damn thing about Sherlock, really, or the people he called his family. Between John Hughes and Judith Watson, there was no way this man stood a saint’s chance in hell of getting away with
“How much research did you really do on me, Sherlock?”
“Well, I’m game for kissing, you’re rather good at that. Then perhaps we’ll see where it goes from there, shall we?”
“Can’t say you wouldn’t deserve it, you git.” John said blithely, twitching every now and then.
Locating the kettle without stickers, he set water to boil for tea and looked for his tea-box. Finding it in the uppers on a lower shelf, thankfully Mycroft knew John hated having to dig in high places for standard things like cups and plates, he pulled down the box and went back for a few mugs. He found his RAMC mug and set that aside for himself before pulling down a pair of matching white mugs. Miraculously, he also found biscuits. Mycroft’s people must have also done the shop, which he appreciated. Getting everything on a tray with a teabag apiece in each mug, he headed out to the sitting-room again. He wasn’t sure what had happened when Sherlock suddenly gave a yell.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson!” They called down together, going downstairs after a bit of last-minute fiddling. Sherlock was especially touchy about the regimental flash patches on John’s sleeves and the rank-stripe on his placket. Mrs. Hudson waited by the front door for them holding Sherlock’s recognizable but rarely-worn Belstaff and scarf, the highly-recognizable deerstalker hat that had more or less started the whole mess that led to the showdown at Bart’s three years ago, and John’s regimental beret, appropriately adorned with a regimental cap-badge and hackle for the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers.
Well, that was pretty telling. The look on Riley’s face was priceless. So much for sweethearts. Judith had to wonder what, exactly, Riley had been promised in exchange for her services.
“I was thinking more about our imminent and daring escape.” He looked down at the radio lying on the dashboard of the car they were leaning against. That radio hadn’t been there a moment ago. A plan started forming in his head, a risky, potentially fatal plan. But he was as good as dead anyway, right, if Moriarty had his way? What difference did it make if it was now, at the hands of The Met, or later?
minded. Her supervisors liked her, the citizens she encountered on her patrols liked her, and
“Is that a biometric locking mechanism?” He studied the inlaid scan-strip on the door.
this?”
Studying about that good old way
“I doubt your boss would consider that a good use of his resources.” Greg didn’t seem to think it was very funny that one of his constables had been picked on by a serial-killer.
“That’s awful.”
“Oh, for God’s sake, Sherlock, it’s ten o’clock! Leave your poor landlady alone.” John scolded.
“Oh, John. John Watson, you keep me right! Always!”
“You risked your life five times just to kill strangers. You’re dying, aren’t you?” The cabbie’s eyes flickered but he managed to hold Sherlock’s gaze.
“Can you talk sense into them, Judith?” M was obviously at the end of her patience.
“John!” Sherlock called him back, “Sit!”
“Yeah, I know. Just…
“Enough I know how to handle it. Get on the other side of the bed.” Sherlock peeked over the edge of the mattress, and they watched her brother’s shaking form. “Go.” She got to the corner of the bed before she had to stop.
“She didn’t take your badge, didn’t take your job, didn’t take your friends. We’ve still got a roof over our heads.
coat. He hated Jim Moriarty, so very much, for so many different things. But deliberate vandalism of personal property was low, even for the criminal mastermind who had owned Sherlock’s livelihood for two years.  And he couldn’t do anything about it. He hated that. His plight was not unknown to people, but there wasn’t anything they could really do. The most his brother was capable of was keeping Moriarty from hurting Sherlock or exploiting him. But really, all Moriarty ever did was demand twenty-four hours of Sherlock’s time once every three months. Otherwise, he never bothered Sherlock or interfered with his business. Sherlock knew what he had to do and took the opportunity to procure a few necessary things before he went to get his coat back. He did research on the number and address listed and it came back to a man named John Watson. The pictures he got showed him the man he had met the other night at Quo Vadis, the man who had been their server. John Watson. He was handsome, Fey, and his history promised Sherlock a chance to free himself if he did this right. As he browsed a jewellery store that catered exclusively to Fey, Sherlock tried to convince himself that this wasn’t an act of suicidal desperation.
“It will have to suffice,” Mycroft said as he gave Kitty a bit of a fuss. “Will you look for housing elsewhere? I realize I never asked after your housing situation.”
“I don’t know what the two of you have done, but your brother is up there and if I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was waiting for the Queen!”
“I wondered if you remembered that or not.”
“Because that’s where she is. I
“I never said family was perfect, but you’ve got family. And they’ll see you through this. Alright?”
“I see. You’re not ordinary. No. You’re me. You’re
After a case took a steep turn to the right, Judith found herself standing in James Roben’s office with Greg and Sally. Word had gotten out that Sherlock was a phoney, guilty of every crime he was credited with solving, but they had taken hold of the situation and the three of them were going up before Roben. They had to make it look like it was
“Correct.”
“Mr. Hope, if the man who has employed you as a contracted killer poses
'S có gheibh an trusgan 's crùn nan seud?
“Oh, you have it!”
Moran stayed behind a while and she leaned against him, remembering a very different time when she had looked up to him for so much more than taking orders in combat.
“You are not what people expect in a serial-killer, Mr. Hope. But then again, that’s not what you do. You’re just an average cabbie, fallen on hard financial times, trying to make ends meet.” Judith got to her feet, “I can respect that. We’ll take you down to the station and we’ll finish our conversation there.”
“Yep. Had it professionally cleaned and everything.” Indicating a garment bag draped over one arm. “One of my Army lads owns a service in town, did it for free when I explained it to ‘im.”
“Oh my god.”
following her to Kamar-Taj. Well, whatever the case, she was grateful, even if it wouldn't be much use.
supposed to mean?”
She swung around towards the source of the sound and saw someone standing behind them. Raising her gun again, she took very careful aim. She didn’t want to kill this one. She knew she’d made the shot, she heard him cry out. But he was gone in a flash.
“John, don’t…leave me!” He curled his long body around his mate’s paws, his tail curling around a hind leg, pushing his head up to touch the fur on John’s chest. The Cù-Sìth stood nearly seven feet tall, but Sherlock was half of that in his Other Form, he could only imagine the sight they made standing on Baker Street together. Taking care of Moriarty’s lot didn’t take very long, and it was only when Donovan screamed that he remembered she was even involved. She was backing away from John, but Sherlock got underfoot and tripped her with his tail. He was not sorry for it. In a heartbeat, John slammed a paw down on her and put his jaws around her. But it wasn’t a human he held, it was a Cat Sìth. Oh, of
“What it says.”
“This is a dummy-vest, but it looks real enough. The merry idiots didn’t know that.”
“You don't know Sherlock Holmes yet,” Mike said with an expression John had seen before on Q and Mycroft’s faces as recently as this same week; “perhaps you would not care for him.”
“Give me a minute. Wait above.”
“Sure. I’ll do what I can. They respect you, and I can muzzle the gossips.” Greg ruffled his hair with one hand, looking like he hadn’t slept in weeks, or at least not
“What’s that?” Sherlock didn’t really look up, instead reaching out with his free hand to give Kitty a scratch behind the left ear. He had a biro in that hand, tucked between two fingers, which he subsequently twirled almost carelessly. Another strange little habit of his? Setting down his cup, he used
“Listen, you did me a favour. I owe you.” He said as he handed the man the money, “Please?”
you didn’t tell me anything, but a hint would have made all the bloody difference in the world so I didn’t have to find out the hard way two years later when I found myself in Pakistan tracking down a rogue agent who had gone off-radar and wasn’t making his check-ins.” John smirked, “And I thought James Bond was a proper menace.”
“So sorry about the hour, Mrs Hudson, I was on a case,” Sherlock said, offering the woman who appeared from a doorway that must have led to the landlord’s flat a charming smile. “We didn’t wake you, did we?”
“Cù-Sìth.” He sniffled and hunched his shoulders. He was very curious to know what the unassuming veteran’s Other Form looked like, he imagined it was quite a thing to behold.  He knew when Mycroft discovered the little box in the pocket, and what it was for, his brother chuckled.
“Oh, Christ.”
“Fire in the hole!” John shouted, right before the pen detonated, instinct kicking in as he grabbed Q and put himself between the Quartermaster and the blast. Q just giggled like a toddler in a toy-store. As the smoke cleared, John looked over his shoulder.
As they headed to The Clubhouse for dinner, Judith leaned against him, grinning and giddy.
“But I still love her. I really do, she’s...”
“Mycroft knows.”
“What are you doing?”
“Hm.” John rolled his eyes. Dinner was enjoyable, he cleared his plate entirely and Mycroft made good on his promise of dessert in exchange for John’s undivided if unwilling attention.
“Are you...are you okay, John?”
“I bet he would have.” Judith chewed on her lip, “So…now what?”
“Talk to John, sweetie. He’s got it on standby just for this reason.” Greg patted her on the shoulder sympathetically, “Christ, that’s a Grade II almost a month after the fact, I can’t imagine what a Grade III would have done to you.”
“Y’know what?” John reached for his coat, “I’m going to come with you, not because you asked me to, but because someone has to make sure you don’t get yourself arrested for interfering with police or vandalism or something.”
“Why do you need
interested in another date!” Donovan’s fingers tightened on the steering-wheel, “God I hated myself that night.”
“Where’s Lestrade?” Judith yanked off the mask and went after the gloves next
“Well, you are. But you’re not just an idiot. You’re
“This man. Who is he?” He held out the license. The constable, a young fellow named Hutchinson, took it and looked at it as they sat at a stop.
“So what?” she seemed to say. He chuckled and looked around the sitting-room. The wall behind the couch was apparently a staging-area for paperwork pertaining to certain cases. It was a mess of photographs, print-outs, handwritten notes, newspaper articles, maps, and a web of string connecting everything, but it didn’t quite make sense to him on first glance.
days.” He held her hand in both of his, “I’ve been here every single day, too.”
“Sounds like Kitty.” John chuckled, “Usually she doesn’t owe to strangers very quickly, I wonder what Mrs Hudson did to win her over.”
Oh God he was drunk. But it wasn’t just alcohol making him light-headed. Judith was lost in the rhythm of her dance, eyes closed, head tilted back as she swayed and gyrated to the music. He might as well have been the only person in the restaurant for all that he paid not a whit of attention to anyone or anything else. He heard his table-mates murmuring appreciatively, chuckling at the expense of their unfortunate mates who weren’t really doing that poorly, and felt a bit heartbroken when the dancers vanished backstage after an enthuastic ovation from their enthralled audience, until remembering that he got to take his home.
.” John came back and sat down again, “I haven’t seen him or heard from him in a few months.”
“Who is this?”
“Chester Terrace. Twenty minutes walk from here.” He passed John his phone and let him read the text.
“You never have, 008. You never have.” Q chuckled and stepped back with a tap to the roof, waving as he pulled out of his spot and got underway. It felt bittersweet to be leaving MI6, closing a chapter of his life that had done so much to shape the man he was today, the man he had become.
“Too tired to care, actually.” She held the door for him, “You ever figure it out?”
“Plan to! Granted you lot don’t call us back before we’re due, yeah?”
“The universe is rarely so lazy.” She studied the box, “What
“Mrs Hudson?” He raised his head, suddenly aching for something safe and familiar.
“Like the telly?” Greg looked at him sideways, “That enormous dog people carry on about?!”
“You know Sherlock Holmes?”
“Of course he did, and of course he wouldn't.” Greg shook his head, “Come on, you.”
When they got there, they were not surprised to see a silver BMW sitting out front.
“Oh, remind me to kill him?” Greg muttered.
After she finished what needed to be done with reports and such, she headed straight to Berkley Street and parked outside the Sanctum. Going inside, she made her way to the Rotunda and from there entered Kamar-Taj. She wasn’t sure what she was looking for going back to the sanctuary, but it seemed the most likely place to find whatever she
“Be that better, yeah? For Christ’s sake, I’m dating a Detective Inspector! I think you can handle an A&E surgeon!” She smiled at him, “Never mind that John’s dating the world’s only Consulting Detective!”
“If he hurts Sherlock, I’m putting a bullet through his fucking skull.” Judith muttered, keeping an eye on Hope, “Unless you want that bastard alive.”
“Any good?”
“Most civilians wouldn’t do that.”
What it says on the tin: Part 1 of 2.
“Hello! My name is Bryan, and I’ll be your server tonight!”He introduced himself according to standard, making eye-contact with both John and Mycroft. “Can I get you anything to drink, gentlemen?”
“Well, my door stands open if you ever need to ... talk about anything.”
“Did I get anything wrong?” Sherlock asked after a few minutes of quiet.
doing here?” Mr Radcliffe asked, gobsmacked.
“Yes, I know.” A falter, a crack in the armour, “I was there that day, I know. You seem to take delight in reminding me. Sherlock may be dead, but he does not deserve to be treated the way he has been. Dead or alive, he deserves dignity. I know how hard Greg Lestrade is working to clear his name, and I’ve helped him. And don’t forget what I did to Moriarty. I’m not an idiot, Mr Holmes. There is nothing I despise more than being treated as one, and being lied to. You’ve already made me well-aware of your thoughts on my keeping company with your brother, you always thought he could do better, you told him to keep me out of the loop when this happened. Not to protect me, no, to get rid of me.”
“You’ve come the closest.” Hands in his pockets, Jim shrugged, “Now you’re in my way.”
rarely in public like this, but if there was one thing Sherlock Holmes was good at, it was kissing. It definitely got the message across loud and clear, though, if Anderson’s expression was anything to judge by.
“Mm? Oh! You’re awake!” He shoved up on his elbows, rubbing sleep from his eyes, “Hi! Oh, god, you’re…back! You’re back!” It wasn’t just sleep he was rubbing out of his eyes. Judith was not surprised that this made him cry. She sighed and rubbed the back of Greg’s neck, ruffling the longer hair there. He needed a haircut again, and a good razor. It didn’t look like he’d shaved in a few days. He’d showered, his hair was clean and she smelled the body-wash and shampoo he used, but he was wearing the same clothes he had worn the night of the pool stand-off. His clothes were clean but rumpled, he’d worn them for a few days after washing what had to have been a horrific pile of dirty laundry.
“Not every day I get a call from my niece telling me some nice Brit needs my help.” Magnus beamed at Greg, who was shaking with nerves, “I won’t ask what I can do for
This is the beginning of the Doctor Strange/Sherlock crossovers! James Bond/Sherlock featured in the previous chapters! Jaqueline meets the charming, arrogant Doctor Strange in this chapter! I kind of sort of fell in love with Strange when I saw the movie, but I can't help myself!
“Yes, Mrs Hudson!”
“You can always offer me a ride, sir.” She didn’t even hesitate. She smiled and pulled the door open. Once she was in, she closed the door, buckling her seat-belt as he got underway again. It was quiet between them on the fifteen-minute drive from Kensington to The Met, a familiar drive for them both, and she wasn’t a bit surprised when he reached across the console and took her hand in his.
“I’ve seen too many weird things on the beat for something as simple as the existence of magic to surprise me. But it’s
“Right here?”
“Thank me when we get the puppies back.” He ended the call and slid his phone into his pocket. It was quiet as they returned to Baker Street, and they spent the rest of the day looking for other cases in the papers and on the web. Despite having been “dead” for three years, Sherlock’s website was still receiving posts from people needing help and they solved a couple of easy cases. John did the typing since Sherlock was supposed to be dead but
“Smart man, you are.” She took two when he gave a subtle nod, “And maybe a mind-reader. I didn’t say anything?”
“Our Gabriel’s Wharf victim, Greg.” John offered, “It’s exactly what I thought it was.”
“Come on inside, you two.” Lestrade turned away from Donovan and looked at Sherlock and John. “Have any trouble getting here?”
“Anything to keep you out of trouble.” He grinned, “What are we looking for tonight?”
“No, you…don’t. You don’t look anything like the Heir Apparent of the Summer Court.”
“What do you know?” Sherlock swept back the tails of his coat, thinking of all the times John had grabbed it to keep hold of him on the run during a case, and knelt by the Homeless, “You’re new.”
“Yeah,
“Right.” Lestrade sighed and ruffled his hair, looking tired suddenly.
doing here?!” Sherlock made a face as the back door of the black government car popped open and disgorged Mycroft Holmes onto the sidewalk.
(See the end of the chapter for
you know about Afghanistan?”
Let's go down, come on down
“Oh, please, I’ve done far stupider things than jump off a pedestrian bridge to go after a suspect.” Judith clenched her teeth, “I can still run, I can still dance. Even John told me it was better than any PT the hospital would have assigned me to.”
“Play what? It’s a fifty-fifty chance.”
“Mycroft’s case?”
“Oh, just down…” He trailed off as he looked up and over his shoulder and finally got a proper look at the man’s face. “Oh.”
good, ain’t you?”
sorry, my dear Watson. That moron will pay for hurting you.” Jim knelt beside her, using the key to her hand-cuffs to get them off before moving to very carefully remove the duct-tape gag, “This will hurt.” She nodded and braced herself. The tape came off with a painful rip and brought tears to her eyes.
“Ninety-eight per cent.” She narrowed her eyes, “Let’s see what he does.” To his credit, and fairly certain he knew which Met car was hers, the man known to the public as Richard Brook spent a while studying the Rover before he went inside.
She fired off a quick text to John to let him know where she was going.
“People don’t usually say nice things about me.”
“Is he gone?”
“No one wants to be treated by a doctor who is more broken than they are. I’m not the one who matters, I never have been.” He turned neatly on his heel and went to the door, looking over his shoulder as he opened the door. “Goodbye, Mycroft. It has not been a pleasure.” The door closing was very loud in the quiet office and Mycroft was left to consider many things that shouldn’t have mattered and suddenly were quite important. He had underestimated John Watson, but he wasn’t the one who would ultimately pay the price for that. Shaking his head, he turned to his work and spent the afternoon tracking an operative in Europe.
As I went down in the river to pray
“I ... understand. My apologies, sir.” He would be damned if the kid didn’t
As she kicked off her boots and dumped her gear in the Baker Street sitting-room when they got back to Baker Street after dinner, she fired off a text to Greg to let him know she wouldn't be home tonight.
“I’m not hungry.” He said flatly. It was a blatant lie, he was starving, but that was none of Moriarty’s business.
“Shutting you up.” She grinned and kissed him. It was rushed and sloppy, but she put a bit of her usual finesse into it and a little promise to come back from this patrol in one piece. It was a routine patrol, they weren’t expecting trouble, but that didn’t mean trouble wouldn't come for them.
“Can I help you, sir?”
He sounded tired. She looked over her shoulder at a scraping sound.
She hung up on him then, pocketing her phone with a casual air.
“Not a clue. I’m sure gonna keep my eyes open, though.” She wasn’t surprised when he joined her in the shower, he’d been doing that more in the few days since her promotion. They’d continued to keep their relationship quiet from their coworkers, and the only one who actually knew about it was Sally, who wasn’t about to tell anyone else. When she got to the office, there was a notice at her desk alerting her to her change of duties for today. She was on patrol for the day, her car was waiting. When she showed Greg, he rolled his eyes.
After they finished their reports, Greg gave them a ride back to Baker Street, and a case that had stumped The Met so completely it was sitting on back-burners buried under a lack of new leads or any movement at all. It was another serial case, but
“Any idea what it was?”
It wasn’t long before they were heading for the last known location of Cruella DeVil. Upon reaching the abandoned barn, they got out of the car and watched as DeVil was hauled out of the muck of a pig-pen and hustled into the waiting prisoner-transport van.
“Ever think of moving to a bigger place? I’m guessing this isn’t a real big place you’re in?”
“It’s fine, Mycroft. I think I can handle your little brother.” He just looked out the window and contemplated his future. John wasn’t sure what he would do with his time, but he suspected he would never be quite bored. Especially if any of the Holmes brothers were involved, which they undoubtedly would be, in some way or other.
“Saw plenty of dead bodies in my day, son.” John smiled a bit. “I was responsible for a few of those bodies, of course, but I know what’s what.”
“There’s two. The one with the warning labels is not for comestibles.”
“Making sure neither of us gets into trouble.” He sent off the text and waited for a reply before he pocketed both his phone and the keys he ended up prying out of Lestrade’s hand.
“Hmm?”
“Oh, you’re good!” Watson smiled and steered him into the bathroom after setting their coats on the bed. “Come on, into the bath with you.” It was a matter of minutes to get out of his clothes, and he tugged on Watson’s jumper, whining a bit.
“Then there you have it. Family is what you make of it, blood and genetics bedamned.” He reached across the console and took her hand, “You’ve got Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes, you’ve got your grandmother, you’ve got me, for whatever it’s worth. That’s not bad for family.”
““Meet @ 36 Chester Close, looks like at least a 6, high 7. Two bodies, not sure if double-homicide or murder-suicide. Anderson on-location, be warned. – Lestrade”.” John frowned and gave back the phone, “You really do work for the police.”
“Nosy bastard can’t be bothered to mind his own fucking business,” Sherlock muttered.
“You kind of remind me of a cat sometimes.” Judith chuckled, “I think she likes you.” It wasn’t a matter of maybe, the Maine Coon abandoned Judith and decided Sherlock was more fun to climb. His coat provided a bit of defense against sharp long claws, which would be clipped as soon as she could get the whole lot of them to a vet. Somehow, the cat blended with his coat and unless you’d seen her climb onto his shoulders, you missed her completely.
They had often joked together that the normal married-lifestyle of most of society was not right for them. John needed excitement in his life, something to occupy himself with, just as Sherlock did. And for a whole glorious year and a half, they had found their needs fulfilled in each other. And then, Jim Moriarty had pitted Sherlock against the world and he had come out alive, but far worse for it. It had been almost two years since he had completed his final mission, since he had escaped with his life and sanity intact from Serbia? And in that time, he had not outed himself to anyone he knew. He had not seen his brother, or Molly Hooper, or Mrs Hudson, who still hadn’t let out 221B. He knew his brother was paying the rent, but as far as Mycroft knew, he was paying a dead man’s rent for a flat that would never be lived in again. And he certainly hadn’t outed himself to John Watson.
“Alright, then.” He took a sip of water, “What’ve you got for me?”
“Does Sherlock know?” He asked in a low, brisk tone.
“Amazing.” Her brother was going over her with careful attention to her vitals, using a pen-torch to check the way her eyes dilated.
“Just a bit of something to keep you on your toes.” Greg smiled and tapped her on the nose, “If the rest of today is just god-forsaken hell, then at least this morning wasn’t a complete loss, yeah?”
“Oh, we’re
“Who the
Sherlock searched everywhere he could think of in the building, but Moriarty was in the wind. And as much as he wanted to find Moriarty, he knew that it was more important to stay with Judith. Calling an ambulance probably wouldn't be a bad idea. Retrieving his phone, Sherlock blind-dialled a number he had long ago memorized and had on speed-dial. The phone only rang twice before it was picked up. Thank God for dependability he took for granted.
“You know Mycroft, and you know about Q?”
“What did he do to Sherlock?” Greg muttered
“Down there, sir. Anderson has all the details.”
About halfway to the hospital-compound, the base sirens went off.
clean, just for him. They’d lost touch a bit after he went to the Army, but Mycroft kept him informed of things and when Sherlock got out of rehab for the second time, John had been there to take him home. His flat had been cleared out and everything that they could salvage had been moved into a new place closer to family. Sherlock had railed for a bit before he realized that the family involved went well beyond his meddling older brother and hovering parents. John’s family, the family he had grown up with, was there for him. And Sherlock loved the Hughes family. Now John was ready to settle into civilian life, not necessarily a
“I think you’d better come with me, Doctor Watson.” The constable put one hand on his arm and squeezed. “Last time I saw a man’s face that colour, he was dead. Come on.”
“You’re a bleeding
“Um. Yeah. Sort of? Well, I …
“That was quick.” He murmured, taking another sip of his tea.
“Oh.” Well, shit, there it was. John felt a flush creep up his neck and swallowed hard on a throat that suddenly seemed too dry. “But you’re not ... um.”
“But not asphyxiation.”
“It’d be interesting to try.” Donvoan groaned, “Oh my god. I’m sorry.”
“We’ll keep eyes on the place in case they come back.” She said, “Get back to base.”
“You always miss something. It’s inevitable.” Sherlock Holmes, who had been God knows where since John had seen him at Saint Bart’s, ignored everyone else as he circled the body like a vulture, scolding them for being too loud when they were barely speaking above a whisper, and then began firing off a series of deductions almost faster than John could follow. Then, just as abruptly, he turned on his heel and prepared to disappear again.
“On your knees, Lachey. Hands behind your head.” This time, Lachey went down on his knees, hands kept where John could see they remained empty.
“For venting? It’s fine. I get the feeling you don’t have a lot of girlfriends or get out much beyond your work obligations.”
“Yeah, not a problem. Just stay out of trouble, yeah?”
“Yes, I would like to. I should like to meet him.” John said around a sip of water.
“Then come along!” He just smiled at John and headed downstairs. There was a muttering and some expletives as John struggled into his parka, but it was no time at all before the Sith was was at his side.
Judith didn’t have time to put up with false ignorance.
“Get off of me!” Claudia struggled, “This is harassment, this is assault! You can’t do this to me!”
“Oh my god.” She looked at him, “Is this…?”
that?!” someone in the room spoke up, it sounded like John. She couldn’t be sure, though, her head was spinning. Judith sank to her knees, letting gravity carry her weight.
“I don’t suppose you remember this lovely number?” Q pulled the tarp off with a flourish, beaming and so pleased with himself. James Bond’s Aston Martin DB5 was Q-Branch legend, but John had a special place in his heart for a particular BMW 4 Series 2.0 428i two-door coupe, painted an eye-catching shade of red with all standard bells and whistles and then a few special Q-Branch extras that made it one of the most high-tech cars on the roads. Most of those after-market upgrades were more recent, part of routine maintenance as well as post-mission repairs.
“What do you want to bet this isn’t going to surprise Greg at all?”
“Nice place you’ve got here, Mr Holmes.” She whistled softly, “Pretty central, yeah?”
And who shall wear the robe and crown
It was gone seven the next evening before they heard from anyone, and it was Greg who showed up with his car and a squad-car in tow. They had warrants and a potential lead.
“Pupil dilation bilaterally normal and reactive, heart-rate and respiration appropriate for what she just went through.” The man she assumed was Stephen was right next to her brother, and Judith couldn't help staring at him.
“The same technology that I used to lock your side-arm to your palm-print, accepts only your fingerprints. Reads and responds in seconds.”
“Oh! One I
O sisters, let's go down
Lighting from the ambulance, Sherlock took John’s hand in his and looked around. The street was still full of Met cars and uniformed personnel, he spotted Mycroft, Lestrade, and Alexandra standing by the open door of 221B. Going inside, he led John upstairs. But they didn’t do anything more than shower and find clean clothes before going back downstairs. Mrs Hudson was waiting for them, she looked worried and disappointed. But not with them.
“You’re not one of Sherlock’s people, are you?”
“Ooh, low blow, Mr Holmes.” She wagged a finger in his face and climbed into the truck, “If you can manage a few hours without me and the camp is still standing when I get back, I’ll make it up to you on my next rotation home. Fair enough?”
“Amen.” Judith scraped out the potato-skin shell and started in on that bit, “God, these remind me of Chris Havens. Remember him?”
“Yes?”
fond of Judith Watson.”
“You brought Angelo’s, of course I’m going to eat it!”
“Hmm. Oh, ta.” She accepted his lighter as well, “So, do I get a name out of you now?”
.” He muttered and looped the loose chain between their hand-cuffs around his wrist. “Take my hand.”
“You were out on a case this morning while I was in the Swearing Room again. Small group, not nearly as many people for family and friends.” She smiled and rolled them, “Sally made it, though, and my brother came with Sherlock.”
This is mostly (if not 100%) from Greg’s POV, and it's pretty clear he’s smitten. He respects Judith, of course, but he’s still just a man with natural needs and an appreciation for a certain Watson. John, at this point (not Watson yet, but that’s coming!), kind of scares Greg, if he were to be completely honest. And really, with their unknown background except what he knows, can you really blame the man? It’s like Sherlock said in the first chapter: “I’m almost afraid to see what you’re like if you dedicate yourself to wooing someone.” But the question is: who’s doing the wooing here? Judith? Or Greg?
trip.” Strange grinned, “You’re a good one, Lestrade. Holmes and the Watsons are lucky to have you.”
“So sorry, Major, it’s been Hell in here.” She turned, drying her hands on a rag, “I’ve been staying busy.”
“I like you, Watson.” Greg chuckled, adjusting the cuffs of his coat. “Thanks, Molly, see you later?”
She hung up with Mycroft and looked around.
Outside, the screech of brakes heralded a vehicle coming to a halt. The flashing lights of a police car came through the window. John would have called Scotland Yard the minute he was snatched. And Sherlock was fairly certain he had actually seen one of the Yard’s marked Rovers parked outside the flat when they’d arrived. Only one member of The Met’s patrols had a reason to be sitting on Baker Street tonight, and he was ever so grateful for the kind of friends he had.
“Well, what are you good at? I get the feeling practising medicine doesn’t quite appeal if the idea of teaching makes you regret some of your life choices.”
“And yet, you got Jefferson Hope to confess.”
“And, um, what about reports?”
“What’s
Greg raised his head and looked at her, even in the dark she could see the tears on his face. Oh, this was bad alright. Judith sighed and knelt between his legs, nudging his knees apart to give her some room, and took his hands in hers.
fell on the spectrum. He knew she had danced overseas, and a few times domestically, this was only happening because he’d had words with Maroush’s management. If she had to guess, he was coming to see what a few words of suggestion had gotten them.
“Don’t be silly.” Jim rolled his eyes at the unspoken question, “Someone else is holding the rifle. I don’t like getting my hands dirty.”
Going back to the pair of trailers, she went into the one on the right after finding the door unlocked. She didn’t bother announcing herself, something told her it was an unnecessary precaution, moving slowly with her pistol in one hand and her torch in the other. She came into the room at the far end of the trailer and paused.
“Well, too bad for them. You have a very lovely cock, John Watson.”
“Five people in a row? It’s not chance.”
“Yes.”
to be there. If he needed more than that, he would let Sherlock know.
he was getting arrested. Of course he was. He groaned and stayed absolutely still. Once the man holding him down was sure he was properly restrained, the weight on his back disappeared.
“I know who you are, Mr ’olmes.” There was a smugness to the other man’s voice as he started to wander around the living room. “The moment you said your name, I knew. Sherlock ’olmes.” He picked up a magnifying glass from the bureau and lifted it to look through it at Sherlock before continuing around the room looking at various things.
“Mind some company?”
“Alright, I’m sorry.” She sighed, properly humbled, “I had to save John and Sherlock from a military inquiry. That wasn’t my idea of fun.”
“Er, yes, sir.”
“Mycroft Holmes, what have you done this time?” She muttered, reading over the paperwork. It was everything she needed to go full-time at The Met, but…not as a Special Constable.
“Well, that’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
“Oh, you’re a doctor?”
“Want us to take a look for you?”
They had never once had anything to do with each other beyond one night of brief contact and crossed wires through the papers, and yet...they seemed to be thinking along the same lines of making sure the other was safe and properly possessed of their own liberties while still being...what was a good word for it? Mated? Married? Taken? Engaged? Whatever the word for it was, Sherlock took comfort in knowing that he no longer had to face the world alone. And that was a beautiful, liberating, and frightening thing.
“Hardly worth my time, and nothing I am sorry for.” He rolled his eyes as he paced the kitchen.
before the incident at Saint Bart’s, but he didn’t wear it much these days. Instead, he preferred the Belstaff Panther coat John had given him. It was a lovely thigh-length leather racing jacket with a waist-belt cinch to offer a better fit and showed off Sherlock’s arse rather nicely. They walked to the end of Baker Street and hailed a taxi there, and John let Sherlock give the address of their destination. Wherever they were going, it beat out the morning in bed they had both anticipated.
John drifted between wakefulness and sleep for what felt like hours and had no idea what time it was when he heard someone shouting for him.
with him, did you?!” Judith could only imagine what that must have been like, “What were you
“I want that bastard in custody as soon as possible, do you understand me?!”
“It’s
“Don’t count on it. You know they don’t get along.” Judith narrowed her eyes as she pulled the keys and got out. Locking the car as a precaution, she headed for the tape-line to join Sally Donovan.
“You will be moved to a secure location immediately and remain there, under full guard, until the coast is clear.” Alexandra got to her feet and John and Sherlock followed. She straightened her uniform and looked at them, at John, who had stiffened and drawn himself tall. “I do not doubt your ability to defend yourself and your mate, John, but in this, you must trust me to keep you both safe. It will do no good if either of you is injured. Or worse, killed.”
“I’ll deal with her when I need to. I’ve got bigger fish to fry.”
“I’ll bring the other case files over for you boys, see if you can put the pieces together before he strikes again.”
in putting stuffy senior officers in their proper places, but this once, she didn’t mind giving Barrymore something to worry about.
“Ah. Thank you, Mr Anderson.” John smiled at the Specialist, rethinking his initial impression of the man.
“Can you two please not do this on my scene? Please?” Lestrade chuckled, looking at John. “Are you the one who rescued Sherlock’s coat, then?”
“What makes you say that?”
“The man who found and rescued my coat from Moriarty.” He sniffled, thinking of the unassuming veteran who held the key to Sherlock’s freedom and happiness.
“Wow,” Sherlock whispered, eyes wide and glazed over. “Is that what it’s like?”
completely to see the moment it had happened. Sherlock had tried to take the gun from Moriarty and only succeeded in getting himself shot.
“Keep that. I’ll take the card.” He didn’t have to look to know John was smiling. “Thanks for the drink.”
To prove his stated point that he controlled Sherlock, and could do whatever he wanted, Moriarty kissed Sherlock. It was not a consensual kiss, and Sherlock fought against it, but Moriarty only held on tighter and forced his way into Sherlock’s mouth. It made him feel dirty and dishonest.
“Mr. Hope, I understand your motivation. Just give us a name.”
“Sir.”
“About what?”
“Only if you don’t put anything else before it except my first name.”
She looked up at the rooftop and knew they were running out of time to fix things.
“Don’t do that, you’ll start all over again!” Judith reached over the car and poked at Sally, “We’re at a crime-scene, for god’s sake, we can’t giggle at a crime-scene!”
“Were you at The Peaky Blinder three nights ago by any chance?” There it was.
It took about thirty minutes to get home, and she got the cats situated in the store-closet where she found everything they needed for short- or long-term. It had only been a few hours, but there was a pet-flap in the door that allowed access in and out of the closet, but the kittens would be contained in a crate for the most part.
“Oh, this had better be
“Doing what Moriarty wants – I’m becoming a fugitive. Run.” He turned and started to run. Back at the cars, they heard the Chief Superintendent yelling orders.
“There’s three of us, I’m afraid.” Q’s expression twisted a bit. “You’ve never met Sherlock, have you?”
“Intelligence is not a man’s only virtue, Mr Holmes. If it makes any difference to you, I might have taken my orders from your brother but do not ever make the mistake of thinking me a throw-away lackey.”
“Name?”
“Oh, you will be fine! But who is your handsome friend?”
“We’ve got a problem.” She muttered, clearing the remaining stairs and barging through the door. “She left a note, Sherlock! A warning or a message, I haven’t figured it out!”
“For fuck’s sake! What are they doing here?”
“Oh, good, I’ve got work to do! Care to join me, Judith?”
– you’re on the side of the angels.”
“And no use to anyone?”
“John!”
“It’s just past half-five, Inspector, I don’t think we have to worry about crowds until our return loop.”
“You don’t know that.” Judith was all business, and Greg was desperately tempted to see what kind of a headache it would be to get her on the force. He inclined his head a fraction and let Sally pull Claudia back as John poked his head out and summoned a nearby uniformed constable to help manage his feisty, inebriated wife. Another text came in from Mycroft Holmes and he swiped in to read it.
himself a threat to her safety or that of her loved ones, she would treat him as she treated everyone else who showed an interest in being her friend: with the same charm and kindness that had won numerous partners into her bed over the years and had put her in good standing with her superiors both at The Met and in the Army.
“Mhm.” She didn’t see him, but his voice was soft and deep, and she heard him move in behind her. Judith sighed and went through her shower routine. But while she hadn’t been looking, Sherlock had quietly swapped out her soap for a different type. It smelled like sandalwood and lavender. Judith smiled and soaped up, thrilled to discover it was an all-in-one. She rinsed the new soap out of her hair and added a bit of conditioner to keep things smooth out of the shower. Sherlock was right behind her as they stepped out, exchanging towels and touches and getting dried off.  Judith pulled on a pair of clean combat trousers and vest, opting to go commando for convenience. She towel-dried her hair and pulled it into a messy bun.
“Sherlock!”
?” Sally pointed at someone coming up the street towards Riley’s apartment and passed over a pair of binoculars, “Am I imagining this or is
? Three times.” She looked at Sherlock, “Please?”
“You have a problem, Inspector.” Sherlock looked up. Between them, they had picked apart the scene, time and cause of death of the victim, and Sherlock had figured out that he had been dumped downstream of where they’d found him and been moved by the currents.
“Um, Gabriel’s Wharf? Someone called in a floater or something like that, I think.”
He heard that as clearly as if John had spoken to him aloud. “Stay, Sherlock! Let me handle this!”
“Think nothing of it, sir.” She didn’t miss how she never got their names. That didn’t matter, anyway, she wasn’t likely to see them ever again, “You’ve probably figured that we’re a bit wary of inspections out here in the desert.”
this week!”
“Nope.” Sherlock just beamed at him as he stepped out of the house, wrapping on his scarf. He had already shrugged into his coat, a new one John had bought for him last Christmas. He still had his Belstaff Milford, the original long wool coat that he had worn absolutely
“It’s a serial kidnapping.”
“You’re certainly smart enough.” Riyah sat her down and handed her a mug of tea, “But you’re a doctor, yeah?”
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime.” John wrinkled his nose and leaned his head back to blow a stream of smoke at the ceiling. “Far too much.”
Judith that it was going to take a lot more than one fussy superior officer to topple her routine.
“Oh, what is
“Yes, I do know. Which is why I think you might be interested in my next proposition.”
“Oh, but I already have, my love!” John winked as he ducked into the car. Mycroft was trying and failing to hide his amusement as they got underway.
By the time she got to her car and was digging for her notebook, Greg and the rest of the team had arrived.
together, others showed her with John. And there was one picture, a very
John and The Ancient One joined them after breakfast, and Judith began a training-period that lasted all of the following two months. She spent weekends on-site at Kamar-Taj on intense training, and during the week at the London Sanctum between shifts at work. She never let on what she was doing, and Greg knew better than to ask. Now that she had tapped into a world of magic and tapped into powers beyond imagining, harnessing that power with help from unlikely allies, she started seeing little hints of it everywhere.
them.
She hung up with John and pocketed her phone as she ran downstairs.
?” She asked sweetly as she packed up the new swim-suits she had gone shopping for with Sally, Adrianne, and Melissa just last week. It hadn’t been for
“Here on business, Mrs Hudson.” Greg murmured apologetically as they stepped into the house and he waved Judith and Sally up ahead of him.
After a few hours, Greg came out and called her down from the tape-line. He was going back to Baker Street to coordinate with the boys and see if Sherlock had recovered the missing evidence.
“John…I am
“No, but I’ve been following the case pretty closely.” John shrugged and took the cigarette from Sherlock, “I think I know who the killer
“Already inside. Anderson’s on tonight, so I hope Sherlock can behave himself.”
“You’re going to need tending to, I’m afraid.” He licked at John’s wounds, which his mate allowed him to do.
Before she could figure out what he was talking about, he hung up and pocketed his phone.
“Hmm?”
in tears, and a great weight had gone from his shoulders. Kissing her had always felt right, felt natural, and now he got to do it whenever he wanted to, anywhere he wanted to. Now that she was a Detective Sergeant, and well on her way to taking a new name if she wanted it, he could do just about anything he damn well pleased. And thank you.
“We will begin in the morning.” The Ancient One smiled, “Sleep well, Judith Watson, you are going to need all the luck and strength you can muster.”
“Donovan. Not. Another. Word.” Lestrade snarled, his voice dangerous, “It will be on your head, and yours alone, if the wrong ears get word of your blatant disrespect to a member of the Summer Court. And I will not let you get away with it. Not ever again.” Sherlock looked at John in alarm. Was he royalty? Was he truly Fey royalty and Sherlock had completely missed it? John took his hand and held on, his demeanour soft and reassuring, but the message was very clear in his body language.
“Oh, bollocks it slows you down! Eat light and it’s not a problem! Starving yourself is a
“Kamar-Taj. I am the Ancient One.”
interesting.” He fished something out of his coat pocket. “Something I saw this morning but didn’t think much of it until I realized the discrepancy.” He had taken a receipt for a few hundred pounds of meat, which was a bit odd for a vegetarian restaurant. Something was up, and he was willing to bet there was a direct link between whatever was out on the moors and the orders of meat at The Crossed Keys.
As it turned out, John was waiting no more than thirty minutes before he spotted a familiar figure in the crowds. Of course, it
Sherlock got his shoulders under John’s knees and settled in for a long bout of teasing and love-making. All he could do was hang on, and he tried his best to stay quiet. John knew he would probably forget his own damn name before sunrise, and that was okay with him. He wanted to forget, he
“Fucking bastard, it’s
“I will. I know. Don’t worry about me.” She shook her head, “And if you don’t buckle down and ask Doctor Palmer out on a proper date, I’m going to steal her.”
“Yes, sir.” Molly nodded and quietly opened the body-bag on the left-hand table.
“You can’t let them treat you like that, Sherlock! It’s
“I didn’t know she was there!”
Once Stephen was patched up, they headed back to the Sanctum, where they found the dead Zealot who had pursued Stephen into the Astral Plane and tried to kill him.
a good day!” She kept her eyes closed and her head back, “Roben would have booted me if he’d had the chance! Might still try, not that I
, two days later she was standing guard at a tape-line on Baker Street while working the scene of a bombing across the street from John and Sherlock’s flat. The only reason the flat had taken minimal damage was thanks to the wards John and Judith had placed on the house, otherwise the windows would have been blown out and Sherlock would have been injured far worse. As it was, only one window had been blown out and another had lost an outer pane, and several things had been knocked off of shelves. John arrived in a fit, worried about Sherlock, who had been home at the time of the blast.
Greg found that he was enjoying this morning far more than any other, and knew it was his company. Judith didn’t insist on keeping up conversation, knowing the necessity of conserving energy, and he appreciated that. The morning mist lay heavy and damp, but it didn’t dampen his spirits much. When they began their return route, he found a final burst of reserve adrenaline and energy and led the final charge.
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m arresting you on suspicion of abduction and kidnapping,” Greg said calmly, sadly, as Judith put Sherlock in a pair of cuffs.
“Very much so.” He smiled, “You do us both a great favour letting her work here on the nights she needs somewhere to turn.” Like tonight. In the course of the past twenty-four hours, Judith had worked two cases with The Met as a consultant and managed a domestic between Gregory Lestrade and his ex-wife as well as a personal tragedy within her own family. He had particular plans for Claudia Mendez and Beverley Watson, insurance that they wouldn't harm anyone else ever again. Mycroft was rather
“Only way anything gets done around here.” John looked out the window of the cab, “Greg, we’re going back to Baker Street, call or come for us when you know something.”
“Oi! Take a cab home, you lot! Don’t let me catch you down the way a bit, right?” She called after one rather cheerful group of revellers who didn’t have a sober driver among them.
“Oh my god.” She felt the blood rush from her face and the ground beneath her feet swayed a bit. “Oh, Mycroft.”
“Smells like home.”
“You are neither welcome nor wanted here, Mr Moriarty. And it is quite presumptuous of you to assume either of yourself.” Mycroft’s voice was dangerous, and Sherlock could see Lestrade and Alexandra holding back John from doing…something properly violent.
“Must be! We’ll find out soon!” He radioed down to the units patrolling the streets of Risby and got word back that they had also spotted the dogs. Swinging around, he landed the chopper just outside of Risby after doing a low pass over the dogs to make sure it
“Er, no.” He coughed, “But…”
“That’s a gorgeous pelt, Colonel. The colouring is phenomenal, I’ve never seen the likes of it before.”
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Doctor Watson.”
“Not exactly a state secret, Greg.” He rolled his eyes. He was never going to live that down, was he? It was always something, as Sherlock was so fond of saying.
“Well, I didn’t
“This is Kamar-Taj, a place of sanctuary and learning. At the moment, you’re almost forty-five hundred miles from London.”
I’d take work as a Certified Paramedic or ambulance driver, that would be easy to get with my medical background.” And Mycroft would be more than happy to write him any letters of recommendation necessary to help him secure such a position if that’s what he wanted to do with his life.
This is the beginning of Sherlock Canon, this is where it gets (more) interesting! Cheers!
“A bit over, I was working for The Met six months by this time last year.” She smirked, pushing him off. They collected their bags and made a few calls. John and Sherlock were going to watch the cats while they were gone and John showed up at the same time the car did. While Mycroft’s driver, Andre, loaded their luggage into the boot, John took the pet-carriers for Queenie and Rocket.
“I can’t.”
“Well, no. Wouldn’t expect him to.” John smiled and shook hands with Moran, “Civilian life is treating you well, Major.”
“I’m not like most of the students at Kamar-Taj, you know that.” She leaned her head back, “Took you three minutes this time. You’re getting faster.”
This warning came back two or three times before Greg finally reached the end of his breaking point and excused himself. On her phone, and on Greg’s and Sally’s, was the following message:
“Yeah, there is that, too. Never mind my credibility and reputation tanked after Moriarty’s last stunt.” He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers, “It would have the bastard rolling in his grave to know you’d survived that day.”
Sassenach
John and his fellow Double-Ohs James Bond and Alec Trevelyan had always been the renegades of the lot, causing far more headaches and grief than they were worth and yet always getting the job done. John had come late to the agency, but he had been one of their best once he had a chance to prove himself. And Bond and Trevelyan had wasted no time bringing the clever, resourceful veteran into their fold. Olivia Mansfield had quite often bemoaned the cavalier, almost careless way the threesome operated, but she was always the first to vouch for them.
“Oh, you’re a smart girl, alright!” Moran chuckled, “When did you make him?”
“Anthea calls you Echo, you know her real name, and Myc keeps calling you 008.” Greg looked at him carefully, “Who exactly are you, John Watson?”
“Good evening, Mr Holmes! Good evening, Captain Watson!”
“If I was Sherlock Holmes, where would I go?” He muttered to himself as he stood on a street corner in Picadilly Circus. He wasn’t sure why, but something told him to head east. He didn’t know what was waiting for him, but John knew better than to question a hunch like that. He’d spent most of his adult life surviving on such things, after all. So, east he went, away from the lights and chaos of Piccadilly towards ... well, more chaos and more lights, just slightly less of both.
“Well, then, you’ll want to give her one of these.” Magnus stopped him and held up a small display-tray. There were only a few rings on it, and he recognized them right away.
“No, I don’t think you did. You’re a detective, then?”
“No? Why?”
Once they had repacked for a short jaunt into the countryside, they took a hired car to Dartmoor. Their destination was a small airfield, where a chopper was waiting for them. The flight out to Baskerville didn’t take long, but landing was a bit tricky since the base was on complete lock-down when they arrived. Judith rolled her eyes and picked up a harness and belay-rope.
“Where are you going?” John asked hoarsely, trying to reconcile everything that had just happened.
“I don’t think I owe you a damn thing, but you owe my sergeant an apology.” He got to his feet, knowing better than to take this quite literally sitting down. “You came in here for something, so you’d best get it out before I have you escorted off the premises for willful harassment.”
“I can take you some time if you want to go. I don’t think my masters would mind.” She took his hand in hers, “You actually believe me.”
Word had gotten out fast on the radios that Sherlock Holmes had been spotted on the rooftop of Saint Bart’s Hospital and committed suicide, so it didn’t take long for Greg Lestrade and James Roben to arrive with the sole purpose of identifying Sherlock’s body. John, Judith, and Sally were all waiting for them when they arrived, even Stephen had stayed behind to keep them company. Moran had gone to dismantle the London branch of the network to give them a head-start on some very unpleasant work. By the time their Met higher-ups arrived, Judith and John had both traded the clothes they’d worn the past forty-eight hours for the more unusual uniforms they wore as sorcerers. It wasn’t often they left the safety of the Sanctums or their own homes wearing the blue and grey outfits. In fact, they hadn’t ever left the privacy of the Sanctums and Kamar-Taj in anything except normal civilian wear and Judith’s uniforms. They were very comfortable wearing the unusual clothes, but this was the first time they had ever come out in public like this.
“What about Rosie?”
“Oh. Um. Thanks.” John gave a weak smile and tagged along to a nearby Ford. He felt a bit queasy, and his palms were damp. It didn’t help that his heart was banging against his ribcage like it wanted to jump out of his body.
“What was
“Bloody hell.”
“And that’s how you met Gregory?”
“Second floor. We haven’t touched her since Jude called it in.”
“Yes, but I’m
they hate.” John sighed, “I’m not stupid, and I’m definitely not helpless.”
O, athraichean, rachamaid sios,
“Right here.” He held out a quiet phone to her, let her see that it wasn’t doing anything.
“I know. Sitting on reserve, not going anywhere, and the people who matter know that. I think he did it initially to threaten me, a message that I can’t stop him from getting rid of me, but now it’s more like if something comes up, I’m not just sitting there looking pretty.”
“That’s Sherlock Holmes.” If this woman hadn’t heard of them, he’d be shocked. They were infamous. He watched her expression and gave himself a mental high-five when her eyes widened.
Thanking Mycroft for his assistance once they reached The Met, and promising to keep him abreast of things as needed, Judith followed Greg into the quiet but busy building. There was plenty of time before the press-conference so they retreated to Greg’s desk and closed the door to enjoy a quiet, quick breakfast. Anthea had picked up jacket potatoes with cheese and beans, a couple of scones, and two mochaccinos. Caffeine for a quick boost, carbohydrates and protein to keep them running a while longer, and the scones for a sweet treat.
“Oh, god, thank you.” He heaved a sigh of relief and made sure he had his wallet and the card. He had both, so off they went. The water was calm, so the trip down didn’t take too long. When they tied up at the ferry docks, he was relieved to find a taxi waiting. He handed the driver the card and told him where to go, “I need to go there.”
“Everything he told
“One of your cases or one of The Met’s?”
“Saw you were back, Boss. Can I get you anything?”
, Mycroft, that’s all. Nothing more, nothing less.” She realized she had one hand on her side-arm and loosened her grip, “I’m not supposed to talk to suspects beyond taking them into custody.”
“I’ve wasted enough time on that woman. It ends tomorrow. I’ll do it in the morning, and we’ll spend the rest of the day … I have no idea what we’ll do.”
“Uh, no.” She looked around, “You probably know why I’m here.”
“Oh. Nice to, uh, meet you?” Palmer looked nervous as they shook hands.
“And please, call me Jim. I insist.”
Greg Lestrade wasn’t sure what time it was, or even really what
He caught sight of the metal band around John’s wrist and raised an eyebrow. That was for the metal hardware the surgeons in France had used to replace the shattered joint. The first replacement, done in Kabul, had infected and the resulting scramble had left the rest of them a bit worried about John’s future. He didn’t seem too concerned now, moving around with the aid of a cane when he needed it, which was far less these days than before. He’d gone off the reservation and disappeared for four months before resurfacing two weeks ago in Central London with no proof of how he’d gotten back or where he had spent the prior four months. There was no trace of him on any flight anywhere, he had just…arrived.
“Your…hands?” He frowned. Strange held up his right hand and Greg looked at it. There didn’t seem to be anything wrong, but a closer study brought up something that made him ache.
“You think you can just show up here uninvited, talk a mile a minute faster than the rest of us can process a single thought, berate us for “missing what’s right in front of us”, “plain as the nose on your face” you say, solve the whole fucking case, and then go off again without so much as a “by your leave”?”
“One of Her Majesty’s Secret Service.” John straightened and went to hang up his towels, “Trust me, Sherlock, it’s exactly what you think.”
“Right behind.” She followed him down the stairs and out to the waiting car. Mycroft was giving them a ride to The Met, a very kind gesture, and it was quiet as they joined early traffic. Anthea had been a busy woman, fetching clean clothes for Judith and Greg from the Pembroke Mews house and picking up takeaway from Cafe de Fred so they wouldn't forget to eat.
“No, she didn’t. But I thought you said she’s not a bother!”
“Of course you can! You clever, sneaky thing, you!” She got up, hauled him to his feet, and they went to the restaurant, where beaming staff showed them to a small table just for two people. Dinner was amazing, as it had been every night they had been here, but everything seemed to taste better tonight. Happiness had a funny way of changing your perspective on things.
“Couldn’t Harry help?”
did, though. You landed on your feet, for Christ’s sake! No one lands on their feet like that, not out of the Astral Plane like that, on their first time.” Her brother was on one side of her, one hand on her shoulder, grounding her back to the physical world.
“Hot water is a luxury we take for granted, isn't it?” He came in behind her, “You don’t mind?”
“Because she’s the one who figured it out first.” He smiled, “She caught my game before anyone else did.” Judith was floored. She looked over at John, who had come out of the bedroom sometime in the past few minutes, and then at Greg.
“I dunno – get a flat-share or something?”
“Cruella DeVil. Find her, fast.” He returned to his conversation with Greg, giving him the name of their suspect.
Judith walked into her grandmother’s office with little to no warning that she was coming, but didn’t care. She was one of a small handful of people who could actually get away with showing up unannounced. Her brother and the Holmes boys were the others, aside from Bond, making it a very small, exclusive group who could safely risk their necks to knock on her door outside of appointment times.
When Stephen suddenly popped out of the Astral Plane to guide Palmer, Judith couldn't help her own startled jump. But when he suddenly warned them to “Keep me alive, will you?” and disappeared back into the Astral Plane, Judith just shot him a dirty look.
“I’m not certain, but I’d like to
“Always a pleasure, Inspector. Have a good night.”
“Noon?”
“A glass of the 2011 Meo-Camuzet Corton-Charlemagne, please.” Mycroft rattled off something from the wine-list that John knew cost nearly two-hundred quid for a bottle. Not a glass, a bottle. Jesus.
“You seem well-settled in here.”
“What are you, if you don’t mind me asking?” He stroked the soft fur, marvelling at the colour, the blend of white, black, and green.
“Mr Lachey, if you wouldn’t mind stepping away from my young friend.” He said calmly, that dangerous tone of voice that meant deep trouble. “I do believe he finds your attention a shade annoying. I doubt he appreciates your blustering.” Sherlock remembered it from earlier going by the expression on his face, John saw the brief twitch of facial muscles and smirked. Oh, he remembered all right, he’d been the one in trouble the last time John had used that tone of voice.
“What’s that?”
She frowned,
“Are you detectives?”
“Thanks, by the way, Mycroft, for stepping in on my little side-project tonight.” She looked up and smiled at him, “I haven’t figured out where I’m going to take them quite yet. I’ll worry about that tomorrow. Right now, you two need to make peace.” She didn’t see Bond open his mouth, but she knew he’d done it and looked over at him.
out of place, at first glance just a pair of businessmen on a late train home from work. But there was something else, something her training picked up. She remembered them getting on at Baker Street.
? And why?”
“But?”
“Anderson hasn’t been in?”
As she contemplated the doors, she was distracted by a buzzing in her pocket. It was her phone. Again. She answered without looking, startled by the sound in this quiet place.
“Don’t try to interfere, or I shall arrest you too.” Greg snapped, poking her brother in the chest for good measure, “And
It was quiet until March when Greg informed Judith that she was getting two weeks off for an over-due vacation.
“Got one already, thanks though.”
“No.” He turned John’s hand over and lifted it, “Please, John.”
