“John, we only just started… this,” he gestured between them. “And only because we started talking more openly doesn’t necessarily mean that automatically all will be well. Things might come up that can be hurtful, either for me or for you.” John moved closer little by little, silently walking at his side. He was listening seriously. Sherlock appreciated that more than he would have expected.
Cherishing this feeling for a moment he slowly became aware of the substance of his thoughts. Very literally speaking.
John would have rolled his eyes if he hadn’t been so determined to sort the mess that his life had become at the moment. But after reading the messages, he was even more confused than before. It seemed that he had fallen asleep with his music still playing. But it was typical for Sherlock to make such a fuss about it. After all, it was John who had endured a screeching violin in the middle of the night for years now. Who was Sherlock to complain? And what did he even mean with the thing he didn’t like between them. Did he mean what John thought he meant?
"Nope. Won't let anyone else suck you!" John laugh-growled, looking down at Sherlock who grinned back at him.
an opportunity to get used to life in hell. Eventually, when he died, he’d end up there anyway. Approximately in about five minutes. Or rather right this instant, he decided after having moved more than just his toe. He realised that his desire to ignore his bladder wasn't the only thing that had risen. However, to ignore
At that precise moment they heard a key in the front door and the rustling of thin plastic bags set down on the floor.
“Greg…” Molly shouted in alarm. Immediately she turned beet red. “Uhm… uh… Detective Inspector. Maybe you should not stick your fingers in my bits…”
John’s mind raced; this was not what he had expected. He was clueless as to why Sherlock would react like this.
“I really do, Sherlock.” John said, quietly. Still holding Sherlock’s hand, pressing it against his mouth, just breathing him in.
Apparently he had made some sort of noise, because John had stopped briefly. Not long though before he continued nonetheless.
John hadn't even realised that he had made a sound, but he must have. The moment Sherlock's gaze turned on him he became aware that he had also taken several steps into the room. He had moved without even noticing?
He'd come back after their argument, because he couldn’t just leave it this time. He had been desperate to convince John to drop that issue, to accept it the way it was as the best possible solution. No need to get angry about things one couldn’t change after all. He just wanted to forget, some rest, some peace, some… oblivion. That would be bliss…he’d never opt to remember.
This felt exactly the opposite to the downcast hunched figure he had been feeling like just mere moments ago when he had left Mycroft’s office.
Oh, screw it — quite literally. Or rather, imaginary. What did it matter anyway? Some anonymous bloke who didn't know him and whom he'd never have to hear again in his life... Nothing to lose apart from a couple of pennies. And if it turned out to be a disaster, it wouldn't be his first half hearted wank lately. He'd survive one more. Probably.
“Of course.” Even though Scott was almost grumbling now, he seemingly played along. And wasn’t that just amazing? It made John heady, his entire body tingling, the shadows behind his closed eyelids dancing to the rapid beat of his heart.
“John,” the deep baritone, so contradictory to the almond eyed beauty with lashes to fan oneself with, said dismissively. “I know many words to describe how you look right now, but believe me, ridiculous is definitely not one of them.”
Facing John’s stubbornness, Sherlock’s eyes softened, a corner of his mouth lifting into a small fond but melancholy smile. His gaze dropped to the floor.
Sherlock stopped and swallowed. It hurt him so much to imagine John having this mental picture of him. But then, it was the truth. This was the real Sherlock. Didn't John say he wanted to know the real him? Well, here we are then. Welcome to the freak show of Sherlock Holmes. Take a seat, take a snack. Let the show begin.
John fastened his steps, treading with more force than necessary. Almost marching, soldier today, into battle. Determined to fight for it. Determined to win it. The opponent to defeat was a tough one though
"Nope. That's out of the question. Absolutely no option whatsoever," the man in his arms murmured, trying to look very serious and determined, which made John only laugh harder.
“And I? I’m mimicking the limping army-doctor again?” John laughed a bit half-heartedly. Would Sherlock even need him on the case? Considering all the current restrictions it was very well possible that John wasn’t even allowed to accompany Sherlock. John felt a bit sick at the thought of Sherlock out in the open in that outfit, for all thirsty eyes to see, let alone all greedy hands to grab. If he thought back to his own reaction to the sight… He swallowed.
“Mmmhmm,” John confirmed, and encouraged by the slight blush colouring Sherlock’s cheekbones and the shuddering breath he rather felt underneath his hands than heard, John let his hands slowly wander upwards, giving Sherlock all the time to back out, and reached for the top buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. “May I?” he whispered, trying to take in all of Sherlock’s beautiful face, to detect any sign of discomfort. When he found none and there was only a small nod coming from the man, watching him silently, he pressed a soft kiss to the hollow of Sherlock’s throat between his collarbones and popped the first button open. It felt like so much more though; it felt like opening a door that had been locked for ages. Like opening it wide, revealing a secret garden. Like taking the last step over the threshold and setting foot into the beauty of the forbidden place for the first time. And yet, it felt like finally coming home.
"More comfortable around Captains." Sherlock winked, but John felt something sharp surge through his intestines.
What did Sherlock think John would do? Did Sherlock really think so low of him. Run on the first best moment to execute his assassin ex-wife? As if that had ever been his goal. It had never been about revenge. It had been about safety, for Sherlock, for them. He would have moved mountains to get to that wife, but only ever to make sure she'd never lay a finger on Sherlock again.
“It wasn’t exactly an experiment though,” Sherlock fidgeted. “No pipettes, no beakers, no bunsen burner acquired, John.” Sherlock sounded like trying to convince his granny that he wasn’t the one who had nicked the cookie. “Not even a microscope!” He looked triumphant.
John swallowed, at a loss for words. What was it that he had wanted to say? He honestly didn't know. He cleared his throat a bit uncomfortably.
No agenda meant no rules, so John took her hand and just followed his instinct on how to comfort both of them. He walked them over to the bathroom, opened the tap and let the water run warm. He never let go of his lover's hand and she just stood quietly behind him. When he put in the stop to fill the bathtub, she frowned.
The facts Sherlock mentions about Battersea Power Station are actually true. Although I took a little bit of artistic freedom, most of it is historically correct.
After the call had been ended he had listened to Jenny's last words and the song he had chosen. He had imagined Sherlock somewhere, wherever he might be by now, and hopefully, but in all honesty very unlikely, listening to it, too. John just hoped that Sherlock wasn't out of the country already, sped up by their encounter at Battersea, and not even in the range of receiving the BBC anymore. Had Mycroft succeeded to trick Sherlock into listening as he had promised? Well… not really promised. But he had said, "I'll see what I can do." and that was as good as a promise in Mycroft-ish. If only Sherlock would still be available to be tricked in the first place.
One of the guys grabbed his upper arm and dragged him along and with a sigh John followed as well as he was able to at his hoply pace. He was unaware of the knowing grin spreading on Mike’s lips walking behind John.
Sherlock thought sourly. Even his multiple apologies hadn’t changed a thing. And John had to know by now how much they meant offered by Sherlock, how difficult these things were for him. But that’s such a typical John-thing. He insists on social niceties, as if the world’s well being depends on them. Absolutely pointless.
“I know you’re frightened right now. I know this is hard, it’s all too much. But look at you, all brave and strong. You’re here, Sherlock! You’re here.” He ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, his chest tight with held back tears. He was so grateful to be here, to get this chance. He was so angry at everyone and everything who had done this to Sherlock, himself included. He tightened his embrace, needed to protect him, to give him shelter.
This wasn’t good! Panic rising. This wasn’t good at all! But why? What happened? John heard Sherlock’s voice in his head: ‘
After a well calculated dramatic pause to give the willing eye time enough to revel in the spectacular sight, she spun around to take in the same position on the other side, as if to secure the deck of her ship; it made the longer back of her skirt swoosh, revealing more of bare skin and taught straps for a short moment, guiding the gaze to the flash of metal, gleaming in the spotlight, at her back—the handcuffs, as always, resting against the swell of her arse, even more pronounced by the layers of leather and lace covering it.
Sherlock stemmed his hands on his hips, lowered his head and John could detect the suppressed chuckle in the shaking of Sherlock's shoulders alone.
“I'm well aware of what I did to you. I can't change the past. It's all there, it has all happened. You can't undo that, John. Please, don't try to deny it. Don't just brush it off.”
Still, he couldn’t stand this. Not knowing what to do about it he had grabbed the sides of his dressing gown, which had hung loosely from his shoulders after showering, to pull them closely around himself, wrapping himself tightly in it like in a cocoon and thrown himself dramatically onto the bed.
On his journey from bed- to bathroom he tried to come up with a plan, but the required thinking app didn’t seem to work properly in power-saving mode. Apparently, neither did his senses because he ran straight into Sherlock when he went through the kitchen door and rounded the corner to head in the direction of the bathroom. The suddenness and his muddled mind made him jolt and doused any traitorous and telling physical states.
With clouded eyes he threw a glance around him from time to time without really taking anything in. He wasn't really aware where he was or how he'd come here or how long it had taken him. All he knew was that he'd never once anticipated how a life without any chance of John Watson's company ever again would feel like. He had always,
"Sorry," he said and grinned and only then realised that it probably wasn't even visible behind his mask.
Sherlock regretted it the moment he hit send. He tried desperately to delete his message but it was too late. Nervously he checked the inbox of his otherwise empty blog every five minutes, but no reply was coming in. He glanced at the clock. John had several more work hours to go. If Sherlock was lucky, he might get an answer by then after all. He raised up the volume of the incoming message notice and distracted his mind with one of his current experiments.
John flipped him off and turned, but was full of gratitude. His mood lighter, his hopes up he finally started to dress.
he shouted in his mind, he didn’t need anyone to save him. He wanted them to leave him alone, everyone, no matter who!
"Come here, you," John said, voice low and sultry, circling Sherlock's waist with one arm and pulling him very suggestively closer.
However, even in the unlikely case his abhorrent dating skills proved to be successful... What could he offer? Bringing someone over
be able to leave him… out?” The clearly audible smirk in the man’s voice was appalling. John’s insides churned. The man was much too complacent.
John sighed relieved, pulled Sherlock’s face closer. Sherlock’s eyes widened in alarm but John aimed for his forehead and pressed a heartfelt kiss to it. He released Sherlock’s face only to jump to his feet and immediately grab Sherlock's hand to pull him up too. Without waiting another second he rushed towards the door leading to the stairway, a confused Consulting Detective in his wake.
This was the place John found himself in right now. They’ve had a major argument about exactly that.
, John tried to actively push it down. He had to concentrate. Best not to pay any attention to whoever was so rudely disturbing his safe haven which was the bubble of silence and detachment he had created for himself in this otherworldly place. If he stayed as far away as possible, maybe they wouldn’t realise he was there, they would leave again and give him back his desperately needed space. Why couldn’t he just be left alone? By anyone really. He wanted nothing more than to have somewhere to himself, a place to retreat and lick his wounds. Wasn’t that what hurt animals did? Seek shelter, take care of themselves, wait until they were able to return to their lives as if nothing had happened? Well, he felt as bruised as a miserable little house cat after being attacked by a panther. A place to recover really wasn’t that much to ask for, was it?
“Sherlock,” he grabbed Sherlock’s wrist, “wait! Experience and expertise and whatnot… you can’t use that on your ‘manly’ legs just so! That’s… insane!”
Sherlock breathed, mind whirled, tried to make sense of John's words. It couldn't be the truth. John tried to soothe him, to calm him, to trick his mind into believing…
“Okay, then. What about this?” he cleared his throat, “I’ll start.” and immediately he felt Sherlock’s relief about being released from the duty of kicking off their conversation. Good, for now. Maybe Sherlock would ease into the conversation over time.
“We’ll be together this time,” he murmured against Sherlock’s scalp. The scent of Sherlock’s shampoo filling his nostrils, comforting, calming, and suddenly making it all feel so very much more real.
“Can I show you one of my songs, too?” John asked cautiously. When Sherlock hesitated he added, “I’ll explain along, yeah? It’s just… it’s so damn fitting.” He searched Sherlock’s eyes. “And yeah, I never thought I’d show it to you either.” The thought made him smile. “But that’s good, no? Because now we can!” He looked for Sherlock’s confirmation and was happy when it came.
A frown formed on Sherlock's forehead and John detected a fleeting flare of hurt or betrayal in his eyes while he observed John cautiously and calculating like prey would watch the predator.
"Hero?" John hissed, from irritation and stimulation. "If not for me…" he panted, "All Lestrade and his... team would have found... were... our cold corpses. I called them just in time."
But when he looked up he wasn’t the slightest bit surprised. Even when he had expected to find himself at Baker Street, he just shook his head in resignation at the sight through his window the moment the car slowed down. He stepped out of the car and made his way into Battersea Power Station.
There was Sherlock, dressed like John had never seen him before—all of Miss Pirate's glamourous dress up gone, replaced by ragged denims and something that looked like one of John's white vests, as well as heavy boots on his feet. What had happened to the make up was difficult to tell as the man was on his hands and knees, head bowed, curls hanging over his face; ruffled as if quickly and carelessly freed from products, so very un-sherlocky.
too many words, too many intruding observations, too many gravely confessions. But then, it had all just come pouring out, spilling over, no way to stop it. Words demanded to be said, having been kept hidden for far too long. Apparently it hadn’t done any harm, considering their current situation. Rather the opposite.
"Where is she? What have you done to her?" John yelled, jumping forwards, taking hold of the slimeball's suit's lapels.
thought John. How was this supposed to explain anything? The sheet in his hands trembled like an autumn leaf in the wind. He wanted to scream. He wanted to shake someone. Preferably Sherlock. He wanted to yell.
He stayed a while where he was, kneeling on the floor in front of the sofa. He breathed a while. He survived a while. Until the world in front of his eyes took shape again.)
“No.” John whispered, not able to think of anything in this moment, when they moved closer. “And actually it’s Doctor.” He didn’t know where this was coming from. “Doctor John Watson.” he murmured the moment the soft lips of this absolutely intoxicating man covered his own in a daring and passionate kiss.
He preferred to close his eyes and let the atmosphere of this place seep through him, let himself be soaked by the expanse and sublimity of the building. By the thick walls dividing him from the outside world, concealing him, protecting him, enclosing him. The quiet, the emptiness, the absence of all distracting things not Sherlock.
His eyes stuck to a small stack of pictures which was lying on top of it. He picked it up tenderly and immediately memories floated back to one of the happiest times of his life. There was a picture of his youth, he saw himself in swimming trunks, sun bleached hair, smiling into the camera. Next to him Harry circling her arm around the waist of the girl next to her. A sharp pang of pain pierced his heart at the sight of the next one. Upside down, dark hair, blues eyes, gazing intensely right into the camera. They'd been on holidays in France, the first and the last time, it had been glorious. Even though the memories of the aftermath of said holidays weren't exactly glorious at all. When John's parents, most of all his father had found out that Harry's friend wasn't only just her friend but that they had been on the brink of moving in together, live together, love each other, the hell had been breaking loose. Harry had then moved out indeed... and never came back after. She had cut all contact with John too, when she had realised that John hadn't mentioned the boy he had met there with a single word. He hadn't dared to confess the kisses, the shared cigarettes, the night swimming to his father. And with that it was as if it had never happened. He'd never seen the boy again. Harry had felt betrayed by John. He had also betrayed himself back then and he had ever since.
“Still, they didn’t achieve anything, John! What sort of idiots would spread such unscientific information, John?” Sherlock seemed to be still upset.
“Yes, Molly Hooper,” John grinned to himself, infected by the sudden buoyant mood of his friend. “Don’t mind joining me now, do you?” John smirked and was satisfied by the blush creeping up the detective inspector’s cheeks.
“Of course I’ve seen him, you silly.” And back had been her anger. “In contrast to some other people,
John gulped. Well… uhm… there were only two (rather big even cut up as they were) pieces of sausage left, which lay at the bottom of said cup to frame the base – oh, he couldn’t even think it without cringing – well… the “base” of the bread-roll, he still hadn’t touched. John cringed again. ‘Not touched’ he thought. ‘God, stop this at once!’ But with this new view he couldn’t deny that his so desperately needed food rather closely resembled the shape of….well… a cock.
John couldn't help but laugh and went over to Sherlock to ruffle the thankfully almost  totally grown back curls of his beloved.
He tried to get it back under control. It was like a force breaking free, a wild creature having been captured for far too long. He had to tame it. He had to face it.
"Shall we then, sugarplum?" John grinned broadly and placed his hand firmly on the small of Miss Pirate's back to guide her to the main room of the club. He saw a hint of a blush colour the parts of her skin which were not hidden under the layer of make-up and chuckled.
“Foozled?” Sherlock asked confused, the - John had to admit - adorable crinkle appearing on the back of his nose.
Now Sherlock’s small and hesitant movements to the immediately roaring music filling the air ripped him out of his thoughts. John watched in awe.
Day in day out, his life was like being stuck on Groundhog Day — wake up from nightmares, get up, get something to eat, most likely not eat, take a walk, try to read, can’t read, try to write his blog, can’t write it, watch some telly, be bored, maybe eat something, most likely not, clean his gun, wonder if this life was worth living anyway, not having the guts to end it yet, have a drink, go to bed, maybe have a wank, most likely not, have a nightmare, wake up...over and over again.
Instead there was a plate and knife laid out ready to use, his favourite kind of honey at its side and bread already waiting in the toaster to be browned. The kettle was filled, the tea bag already settled in the cup.
"Yes, John. It does." Sherlock wondered how it was possible that his voice was calm and steady again. How would John interpret that? Was that good? Not good? He stopped himself from groaning again just in time. "But then, people and their motives are
When he started to feel uncomfortable he shifted and wiggled to get up. He cringed when he felt damp and sticky goo being smeared over his thighs and belly.
“John, I can’t… I just can’t stand it anymore.” He said with much more force now. He also sped up his steps and John hurried to follow. “You have to understand.”
“Strictly girls’ area here! Sorry, big boy.” she said and stepped through the door, together with Sherlock, who didn’t spare John a single glance, striding proudly on his insanely high heels, bag slung over his shoulders. The door closed and gone he was, curls and coat and corset and all.
“How did you put it?” Scott teased. “Nice and wet? Did you get your hand nice and wet for me, John? Reeeaaally wet?” The word rolled over Scott’s tongue in a way that made John’s own tongue jealous. “Because that’s what it is right now, my mouth. Wet and warm and ready to suck your cock.” Scott murmured into the speaker and John almost lost it.
The sight of Sherlock slightly blushing was marvellous. He shifted a bit on said arse and avoided John’s gaze for the fraction of a second, clearing his throat. John kept looking at him, smiling fondly, deliberately letting the words linger in the air without covering them up, for Sherlock to understand that he wasn’t just teasing.
From time to time Sherlock also asked him to change his attitude and demeanor as his so to speak pimp. Sometimes, he wanted John to be more jovial and cheerful, in his conversations just hinting that he wouldn't mind sharing his companion for the right amount of payment. Other nights, he spurred John on to be even more harsh and intimidating than usual and to immediately cut off every single conversation about Miss Pirate whatsoever. Then again on a few occasions, John apparently needed to appear clueless and naive in regards to any offer and any suggestion that he was anything other than Miss Pirate’s devoted and loving boyfriend.
Wordlessly panting he watched when Sherlock shifted a bit backwards, creating space, lifting himself up, and moved his lubed up hand between his own thighs. Still fixing John with his piercing gaze, he hooked his fingers under the rim of the thin black lace panties and pulled them aside; cock and balls still held inside it only bared the soft and sensitive flesh of his perineum and left a hint of what lay beyond.
John took advantage of Spider-man's distraction and shuffled a few quick steps in the direction he hoped was the right one. John’s heart and mind were racing. The rest of him settled and calmed into hyper-focused battle mode. He was almost within reach. Almost. If Lestrade didn’t get his arse over here anytime soon, John couldn’t wait much longer.
“And I’ll know how to handle it. Won’t I?” John nodded once. He looked ahead now, face determined. Sherlock watched him for a while from the corner of his eye; this wonder of an unwavering man. How could John ever doubt being steadfast and loyal?
But there was John, sitting slumped and boneless on their couch, music like thunder roaring through the air. At first Sherlock had thought this was just his way to get out his anger and aggression. Loud music was known to accomplish that, wasn’t it?
Taking one step closer and looking down at John he asked: “Any more questions?”, in the same deep silky voice John had already had the pleasure to hear earlier that evening.
“Look Sherlock,” he started, “I don’t know what you’re up to…. But I really need this now. I didn’t eat properly the whole day and I won’t abandon the only edible thing around here just because you decided to make fun of it. So, please, if you would, just let me take this. And don’t…. well…. Just let me, okay?!” he ended still embarrassed, but a bit more confident. This was just food after all, right?!
“Love,” he murmured softly and Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open. “Why don’t you get out of the shower first, wrap yourself in one of your probably insanely expensive towels and get the bedroom ready?” He searched Sherlock’s eyes who studied him, trying to deduce him, apparently without much success. The brilliant brain shut down by a bit of fooling around. A small fond smile spread on John’s lips. “Give me five minutes to finish here and I’ll follow you, yeah?”
“Hmm?” John had to focus a bit, directing his thoughts back to where they had left the conversation. He frowned.
He was nervous because he didn't know what to expect. At the same time he was afraid of making a fool out of himself.
The topic of amnesia was novel to me, so I had to do a lot of research. Sherlock's research is basically my research (and it really was this bizarre!!). I can't guarantee the accuracy of all facts (you all know the internet)... so, my apologies for possibly incorrect information to everyone with experiences or expertise with amnesia!!
"You'd show the world pictures of us. With red and hearts and…," came the mumbled rumble from somewhere underneath the arms circling his shoulders. "Why would you do that?"
John felt his throat constrict and fought the tears welling up, because seriously, he had been in the Army, right? And… and… he was a British man whose uppermost rule was not to show emotions and damn… there went the first unruly tear. Was there really no-one and nothing obeying his orders anymore? To make it all worse, Sherlock reached over and wiped the tear away with his thumb.
“There were also so called colleagues who thought they’d have the right to form an opinion on that matter, but I couldn’t care less about them," Sherlock said dismissively even though John knew that wasn’t quite true.
Stubbornly stomping his way back he absolutely didn’t glance at any good looking guy he passed and tried to match the looks with The Voice. And he definitely didn’t wonder if he should work out a bit himself to be less ordinary, pep up his appearance a bit. Of course all that didn’t have anything to do with some mystery man he didn’t think about. No, really! He didn’t! Not a bit! Lalala… Nope! Christ, brain… Stop It!!
"Mycroft, really. I don't know what got into you, but I have no time for this display of domesticity." He said while slowly standing again.
So John got to work. To give himself some time, and spare his mind some seizures, he decided to work from top to bottom.
If only he knew what kind of game it was. Pimps and dancers and somewhere in between a murder, that’s all he knew. Nothing out of the ordinary really... He realised that he had been lost deep in thought when the music and flickering lights of the first act seeped into his awareness. Shit, he needed to pay more attention. What if he missed something? His eyes started roaming the club, trying to pierce the dark in the corners, scanning the faces of the public, but came up with nothing. Sherlock was so much better at this; he’d probably deduced the hell out of everyone in that audience — every petty affair and suppressed sexuality and saucy kink. All he could see was...
he would stop him, bring him to a halt, make him look at him. John realised he would have to kneel in front of Sherlock to do so, he would be towered by the whole beautiful expanse of consulting detective. And he wouldn’t mind. It wouldn’t mean what it would look like. It wouldn't be an offer nor a demand. It wouldn't mean that he would take a subordinate role or lie at Sherlock’s feet to be kicked around. No. He'd never want that for either of them! They were equals, neither of them deserved that nor had the right to do that to the other. That's what all this would be about. It would mean to meet each other on eye level, partners, together. It would mean
“No! Stop! Don’t even think about it!” John interrupted him forcefully. “No way I’d let you do this alone! Nope. Not an option!” He shook his head and looked sternly at Sherlock, whose face softened.
“Heard you walk.” Scott said in his ‘don’t-be-an-idiot’-voice. “Your limp is obvious from your footfall. You’re also using a cane from time to time? We have to get rid of that! The limp is just psychosomatic anyway.”
Somewhere in the periphery the lyrics were floating into his mind carried by the blanket woven of the cacophony of sound and bass and the somehow transcendent voice delivering them. This voice, sounding like Sherlock's violin speaking right from his heart. The words were getting under his skin, still not acknowledged by the senses, creating an uneasy tingling like ants crawling through his veins.
"You serious?" he was a bit hoarse even. On the other end of the line though there was dead silence. "I mean… thick hot rod…" The giggles threatened to well up again, John's throat hurt from holding them back. "Honestly…?"
From far far away a second set of equally ecstatic sounds reached his ear and after a moment, when the fog lifted a bit, he realised… oh shit, the phone. Scott!
Only, the John Watson he knew wouldn't just stop doing something he was passionate about. He would never give up being a doctor. Unless… for severe reasons. There wasn't much Sherlock could imagine to be severe enough to stop John Watson, the most stubborn person on this planet, doing something he
“You make it sound,” his voice, too small. A bit firmer, “you make it sound as if I deliberately chose not to talk to you… as if I don’t
John was stunned into silence. Apparently he had misjudged the impression his current look made on people. He was partly flattered, partly embarrassed by it. He didn't like to intimidate people; except when they tried to kill Sherlock or they were Mycroft Holmes. But it would probably serve the purpose for this case. He sniffed and looked up at Sherlock who studied him intensely.
“I know.” He whispered back, “Me, too.” Fixing each other with their eyes they exchanged their silent apologies, which allowed them to forgive, where no amount of spoken sorries would make up for everything they’d done to each other.
it would ruin them if they gave in and dived into the depth of their feelings without bearing through the uncomfortable part first. They couldn’t just brush it off, they couldn’t avoid it.
“Ho, wait. Stop there…” Wrong direction, they couldn’t have Scott overthinking and analysing right now — Captain Watson was on a mission: Booting down the masterbrain of his handsome stranger. Therefore, he murmured, “Can you do something for me?”; intentionally laden with a good portion of seductive teasing.
He paused, thought for a moment and decided he needed accompaniment, something to guide him, to support him, a thread to hold on to. He looked up his favourite artists, made a choice of songs and started to play along when the first sounds filled the air.
John felt a pang of jealousy and resentment, but called himself to attention. It was good that there were people who accepted Sherlock the way he was, wasn't it? No need to be jealous only because he himself apparently wasn't as special as he'd like to be… dammit. John took a deep steadying breath.
, which indicates the meeting took place at some point in the afternoon, but you 'split up' some couple of hours later. So, either you take awfully long to drink your coffee or you engaged in some kind of activity you're not sharing with me which raises the question if said friend isn't rather a — what they call it these days — beneficial friend or even a female beneficial friend or worse a 'thought long lost and found again' sort of
“That much I had figured out myself, and also that he had taken a special liking to me. Obviously. Also, that he was behind what happened to some of my fellow dancers. Some were gone for days, turned up again bodily unharmed but frightened to death, not one of them dared to say a word about what had happened to them. Those who let slip the tiniest hint ended up dead and were found in the weirdest places—abandoned factories, on the shore, in a car in a car park. I didn’t find a connection back then…” Sherlock trailed off, frustration evident in his voice. “I thought there must be clues, that it would lead me somewhere, but he was always a step ahead, never got a grip on him. Now he confessed that it was all just a great game for him. Misleading me, making use of my, what he calls a weakness, that I always want everything to be clever.” He sighed. “It was his way to make me dance when he had no other possibility to do so because I refused to work for anyone but myself.”
He remembered very well that one occasion at Buckingham Palace; the one time John had even gotten a glimpse of something he hadn’t quite dared to think about.
He settled on the bed, cross legged, laptop balancing on his knees and reached for the pocket of his coat lying next to him holding the envelope. Of course he had taken it. He was extremely disappointed in himself, but the decision had been made the moment he had discovered the envelope. He had tried so hard. And he had failed.
Sherlock had to know by now how important he was to John. And yet, he still wasn't aware of his own exceptional worth and extraordinary value in John's life. He somehow still believed he was one of many, like 'all the others'. He still hadn't understood that he was unparalleled, irreplaceable, unique.
Whatever he had imagined the first touch of their lips would be like, it wasn't this. There was no jolt of lightning, there was no heart-attack or nervous breakdown. All there was, and that was better than anything in the world, was a root deep feeling of rightness.
"Mycroft." Sherlock resolutely cut him short. "You know me. You always have. You know how I am. I can't do things by halves. For me it's black or white. All or nothing. To endure things anywhere in between is killing me. And others. So it's one or the other. And because in this case I can't have all, I had to choose for nothing. And because you also know that I'm easily tempted, this is the best option. Hell knows I'd prefer an altogether different solution! But that would not be acceptable. It would hurt John."
the same situation, was it? God, he couldn’t wait to have Sherlock naked, that wasn’t it. But he had never been afraid to ruin anything. He had never worried if his partners showed up again or not. Inconvenient if someone hadn’t, but no drama either. Now however…
While running after Sherlock he caught sight of a grubby looking snack bar, but well … it had to do. He calculated his chances to find anything else more appealing in the near future as very small.
"Hmmm," Sherlock hummed, amused himself now he realised what was going on. "Most people wouldn't consider it funny but rather… sexy…" He lowered his voice to the growling baritone he knew drove John crazy. "They call it smokey eyes…" he purred with a deliberately smokey voice and ran his nose along John's ear shell.
When Sherlock was settled in the V of John's spread legs, John holding him in his arms, Sherlock's back cuddled warmly and cosily against his chest,  John finally felt calmed down enough to talk again.
"I told you before, but I'll tell you again; you're the most human human being I've ever known. I was so alone and I owe you so much. And you don't owe me anything."
“Charming, isn’t he?” He purred sweetly, and John realised it wasn’t meant for him. “So loyal, your Captain…” he said and his eyes snapped to John, a devilish grin on his face. “All hearts are broken…” he sing-songed and then closed his eyes.
“Home!” John blurted out, but when he watched the eyebrows of the cabby rising to his hairline, he realised that this information may not be sufficient enough. “Baker Street. 221 Baker Street, please.” John sighed defeated and sacked deeper into the seat.
Sherlock let himself fall back in his chair, swallowed and followed the advice of the blogger and started scrolling and reading and got more and more flustered the more he saw. Most of all his mind was blown by the fact that John was part of this community. And seeing his blog, even a quite active part.
(I linked chapter 5 in which this is relevant and of utmost importance for Sherlock and the rest of the whole story!)
He had instructed Mrs Hudson not to come upstairs. He wouldn't be able to bear her fussing and asking and excitement. Too much. She wasn't allowed to listen. She wasn't allowed to comment afterwards. Or beforehand. Better not talk to John at all.
When she closed her eyes again and threw her shoulders back in a circling motion, rolling her head, exposing that maddening sinful neck, John’s mind went blank.
, huh? That you’re a bloody rotting potato without him and that he isn’t any better. Maybe remind him how he was before he met you? That you’re both … without each other... not even half the man of who you are, when you’re together? Yeah, I could think of a thing or two to say!” Greg was now getting seriously angry. “Goddamn, John. Does he even know you love him?”
He had hesitated and then flinched - Sherlock hadn't, Sherlock hadn't reacted at all - when he had pushed the needle into the flesh to draw blood samples. It couldn't be helped. He needed to know, he had to be sure. The reassuring red flowing into the syringes had helped to ease the tension. A bit. The papers in his hand helped even more. They let him breathe again.
"That's not what this is about at all!" John protested harshly. He jerked himself free from Sherlock's capturing gaze, turned his back on him. His head hanging heavy between his shoulders, he stood in the middle of the room, running a hand over his face.
Taking Sherlock? John saw red—he darted the last steps forward and flung himself on the man’s back. Slinging his right arm around his throat he held him in a vice-like grip, pressing his gun against his head with the other hand.
Feeling a bit too bare for doing household chores he picked up the shirt that had been carelessly dumped over the backrest of his chair the night before. Sherlock grunted displeased, but John only raised an eyebrow and tilted his head in the direction of Sherlock's… 'groceries' to wordlessly tell him, 'Stop complaining or you'll have to do it yourself', which silenced the man immediately.
didn’t, did I? Someone apparently forgot to tell me.” John hissed through his teeth. John looked up at Sherlock and knew his fury was plainly visible in his eyes. Sherlock watched him for a moment, scanning his face. He took a miniscule step back, only to lower their hands even though he didn't let go.
He guided their hands carefully to his face, cautious to not lose contact. Once in front of his mouth he detached their palms, but instead of aiming for Sherlock's he pressed his lips against his own palm. He watched Sherlock closely and saw his eyes widen the moment he realised what John was doing—he took Sherlock's kiss over from his hand like from a blueprint. He licked his lips and Sherlock swallowed audibly.
There were four texts in a row. Sherlock counted the seconds between them. He didn't pull out the phone, although his hand was clenched around it in his trouser pocket. His arm almost trembled with the effort it took him and he was relieved when after the fourth text the seconds kept going by without further interruption. Gradually, he relaxed, tension seeping out, well aware that text messages didn't vanish by ignoring them. This was a problem he had to address later. Why had he even brought his phone?
“Guess we do… yeah… sort of?” John nodded slowly, the world tilting a bit in the corner of his eye when he did so. He hurried to stop it but his head was slow to follow his lead.
Sherlock only growled menacingly and tried to corner John, who opened the door behind his back, grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt and pulled him to follow into the bathroom.
"Sorry." Sherlock sighed. "I'm sorry, John. It's just… All this," he gestured around himself, "reminded me of how much you enjoyed it — me being the pirate. And it made me wonder if you'd secretly want me to be more feminine or dress up for you or…"
Mind and body confused, whirling, dizzy, he felt himself sucked into a vortex of desire. A force unintentionally unleashed only the day before, the night before. Now being more than aware of the subject of his desire, molten into one with him, it only spiked his arousal. Tangled in his own clothes, John fumbled, one-handed, with his own shirt buttons. Impatiently pulling and tugging as if he couldn't wait to unwrap someone else's body, Sherlock's body. The other hand grazing over his still clothed chest, ghosting over fabric covered nipples. The jolting feeling when they hardened flashing through his body right to his groin, his rapidly filling cock, opposed the sensation of the tiny nubs forming under his fingertips, tempting him to rub firmer, to press harder. Panting with the enjoyment of his own and someone else's pleasure, he bent his back and pushed his head into the cushions of the chair and his chest into the restless hands. He tweaked greedily presented nipples and felt the satisfaction of them being tweaked. He rolled them between finger and thump and groaned deeply when a new wave of desire crushed over him.
"What's the difference with cooks selling their skills to sate people's hunger and appetite?" Sherlock asked calmly, intensely watching John.
This was until Sherlock started turning properly towards him, taking a step closer and started speaking in a low voice: “Well John, if you NEED this so desperately, I surely won’t stop you from TAKING it! Even if I’m fairly sure this isn’t the ONLY edible thing around here.” With this his gaze roamed over John’s frame. “And I would suggest you start at the base, pay some attention to the ... uhm... ball shaped meat there, maybe lick it clean of the sauce first and then,” he stopped and looked at John, the corner of his mouth tilting slightly, “work your way up that…. burrito.”
, spoken with the same level of disdain. "Whatever it was, it did cause you to be late for our appointment, which of course evoked the suspicion that you might not need me, uhm, my services anymore. And
consider myself married to my work, devoted to my mind alone. But back then I didn't have the full set of data." He shrugged and John's eyes twinkled.
“I tried, Greg. I tried.” John slumped back against the sofa. He closed his eyes and tried to let the emptiness take over and soothe the pain, but it wouldn’t come.
When another silence fell between them John used the opportunity to pin the phone between shoulder and ear and fish his keys out of his pocket. When the stubborn shabby front door finally gave way he almost dropped the phone.
That settled, he felt much more confident. He folded the paper, slid it as a reminder in the back pocket of his snuggly dark blue denim. Of course, he had no intention of actually using it, it was more like a cheat sheet in school, a crutch. He had it all memorised, all the maybes and what-ifs, all the crossroads and junctions. Just knowing it was there, helped him to sort his thoughts.
The motion made her hips slide forward and John could feel the rising pressure on his groin. His cock twitched in anticipation.
"You… had a heart attack?" his voice had betrayed him, getting unsteady. "Why are you… how… I mean…”
Not good. He had to control himself, he had to be strong. For Sherlock. His own feelings didn't matter. Here was the most important person of his life needing his help, so he would restrain himself.
about sex, even though John couldn’t deny that it most certainly was a welcome part of it. But above all, he wanted to show Sherlock what it was like to be loved. To be loved by John Watson.
"John," Sherlock shouted to stop him then went on as before. "It was necessary for you to act as natural as possible. If you'd known too much, some disturbing emotions could have interfered with your act." He rattled on, ignoring John's attempt to protest. "And I had a gun, ready to draw. If you'd paid attention, you could have drawn your own conclusions. I
Out of a childishly rebellious mood he threw himself full force on the impeccably straightened sheets only for the sake of crumpling them. He very nearly tumbled from the edge of the bed on the other side, but he caught the corner post of the extravagant four-poster bed just in time. He tried to turn it into a more or less elegant roll to drape himself across the whole surface of the bed, but he felt pathetic nonetheless. This would have been exactly one of those things, John liked to tease him about. One of those things that undermined his persona of the unapproachable detective, one of those things that no-one was allowed to see… except John. He was glad, though, that nobody had seen it. The unapproachable detective was what he needed the world to see, what he needed to be… or rather the unapproachable something. He didn’t know yet. He didn’t care. It won’t be relevant.
,” His words against Sherlock’s lips, swallowed down in a feverish and demanding kiss, John claimed what was his; fingers digging into flesh, holding, squeezing, tangled into hair, holding Sherlock in place to deepen the kiss even further, even though the man didn’t make any attempt to pull away.
Hi U-H!! First of all thank you for everything you’re doing for us!! You’re amazing! I love your blog :-)
John shivered under Sherlock's touch, who now painted patterns with his fingertips on John's skin. John wished they would leave actual traces. He turned his head and nestled his face into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
The sight on John's other side wasn't any less confusing. Greg, barefoot, Hawaiian-flowery shorts, upper body bare, sweaty, smeared with grease. He was wiping his hands on an oily cloth stuffed into his waistband with one corner. He looked as if he had just climbed out of the engine room, which he probably had. He, too, was eying his counterpart, scrutinising him, mouth still hanging open from stopping mid speech. Motionless apart from the still wiping hands.
He felt a prickle in his neck and when he turned her piercing eyes followed him through the room. He glared at her. This was beyond all boundaries of what was okay. He was about to look away when she finally rose again, not without teasing her chosen one as well as John by whispering something in the panting man’s ear. That piece of shit had the guts to laugh and smile at her, shove a considerable stack of cash under the seam of the willingly presented stocking with a wink. One last trail of a finger on the guy’s throat, one last look into John’s eyes and Miss Pirate turned and slinked her way over to the stage. Without knowing how much time had passed, without being aware of anything around him, John had only eyes for the enigmatic and enraging creature wrapping an entire room full of people around her finger. Damn her for thinking she could do that to him. He could barely wait,Just she wait, he was definitely giving her a piece of his mind on this matter.
He was desperate to touch himself, his own cock hard as a rock still painfully trapped in his pants, but Sherlock was barely able to hold himself upright the way his leg was shaking; so John reached around his hips to support him. Between the one hand, pushing and circling the vibrating trimmer against Sherlock’s sensitive flesh behind his balls, and the other hand, conveniently reaching so far around to be able to cup the rhythmically flexing gluteus muscles of Sherlock’s arse and dip its fingers into the crease, there was no way for John to get as much as a hint of friction. It almost drove him out of his mind. With no possibility to move, not even to buck his hips to get the sad excuse of stimulation against his pants, trapped as he was under the weight of Sherlock’s leg over his shoulder, he pushed Sherlock deeper, sucked harder, to speed up Sherlock’s approaching orgasm.
John felt lost. He didn’t get it. Sherlock wanted to tell him something, and he didn’t get it. He studied Sherlock desperately. Sherlock lowered his face, mere inches away from John’s. Shaking him slightly.
Clambering up from his crouch on the floor, he tried to recall details of what they'd told each other, especially of the things Sherlock had shared with him. He bent down to pick up his phone, images of Sherlock flashing through his mind. Sherlock with his violin swaying in front of the window; the vulnerable look in his eyes when John had reached out to touch him; Sherlock furious and yelling in his helplessness; sobbing into John's shirt when he had held him in his arms; Sherlock quiet and thoughtful in the cab: Sherlock passionate and powerful in his dance; Sherlock pained and embarrassed by memories of his past; Sherlock concerned and supportive while he listened to John's confessions; Sherlock agitated and anxious at the prospect of returning to Baker Street; Sherlock currently gaining his confidence to open that door and come home to John. This contradictory man, this wonderful mysterious man; so many layers to unravel, so deep and winded a soul and mind to explore… John suspected he'd never be able to fully understand him. But he'd never stop trying.
They walked back to Greg's in silence. In mutual agreement they each turned in without offering another word. All was said and done.
That was exactly it. The biggest threat to his life. And to John’s life. But wasn’t that the exact same thing?
Feeling the heavy body slump against his chest he felt the air being knocked out of him, leaving his lungs with a sob. There he was. Solid in his arms. Feeling so small. But real, existent, alive.
With a sudden determination he stood, closed his eyes again for a short moment, bracing himself for whatever might come next, and hurried after Sherlock.
"Why didn't he say anything?" He lifted his eyes to beg Greg to help him out. Even though he was painfully aware that that wasn't within his power.
* on the screen of his phone, and with a daring gaze at Sherlock he let himself fall back against the backrest of his chair.
Suspicious tension made his posture go rigid when he pushed open the front door to the club, which was invitingly left ajar, and entered the dimly lit hall. The corridors were quiet as well, but there were muffled voices coming from the club's main room. One of them was a painfully familiar dark rumbling, the other one that hateful high-pitched chirp he knew far too well by now.
John swallowed. Maybe Mike was right and this could be fun after all, just for tonight. At least it wouldn’t hurt to watch.
how big your heart is, how sensitive and caring and… well… fragile you are.” He pulled Sherlock’s hand up and rested his cheek against Sherlock’s open palm. Long warm fingers immediately dug into the soft skin behind his ear. Breathing became difficult.
The first sounds of guitar chords echoed from the walls and the roof and immediately Sherlock felt the tension fall off his shoulders. All thoughts vanishing from his brain. He felt absolutely still and quiet. He could breathe easier and he felt as if his body was taking over control. Sherlock was aware of every single muscle.
Arriving at Baker Street, he didn’t bother about offering even a word to the driver and nothing but stormed out of the car and into the building of 221 Baker Street. He slammed the door shut while already heading to the stairs. His hand on the flight and a couple of stairs up he heard the door of 221a clicking open and Mrs Hudson rushing into the  hall with her typical short hurried footfalls.
John, utterly confused, looked back and forth, from right to left, to get any idea what was going on.
However, now, he also had to look for a place to stay. He didn't want to impose on Greg's hospitality any longer. Especially now that John's situation clearly was permanent, that there was no way back, he had to find a place where he could live long-term. Although, the man himself had assured him that it didn't bother him. When John mentioned to look for a hotel to stay in, he had even gotten an earful that he would be unfriended immediately and on top of that would be obliged to pay for every single pint they would have together for the rest of their lives. In the end, he had reluctantly roamed homepages of estate agents and the classifieds columns for a rent instead. However, he couldn't help comparing all the available flats to 221B. Nothing could be enough, nothing could gain his interest, although he knew that he'd never get anything that came even remotely close to Baker Street ever again. At some point though, he had to live elsewhere. It couldn't be helped. Despite Greg's reassurances, he felt bad that Greg could never bring Molly over, at least he never did. He also never stayed at her place and John felt embarrassed that Greg might feel forced to put up with him even after exhausting cases and nights spent at crime scenes. After all, John was kipping on Greg's sofa for almost three weeks now. To top things off, John wasn’t exactly the cheeriest of companies lately.
“Right, your ‘genitals’,” he chuckled, unaware of the frown and suspicious look from the woman across from him, who chose to change seats that instant. “We
He had to let it go. He had to take the leap again, but this time thoroughly. It wouldn’t suffice to make John forget
“Are you a dirty little lurker?" the voice of Scott-not-Scott continued. "Like spying on people, don’t you? Your filthy little mind getting off watching others being banged, hard… Is that it? Do you like that? Feeling your thick and hot rod in your own hand. Tell me, is it long… your greedy cock? Hard? And leaking already? Do you like to just imagine getting boned, doing it like animals… hmm?” John was red like an over-ripe potato and had apparently lost his voice somewhere between ‘little lurker’ and ‘being banged’. The man on the phone had no mercy though… “Want me to give you a little show, huh? Okay then, sit back and enjoy. Close your eyes and imagine…”
“For God’s sake, John. Wait!” He got jerked around at his shoulders and found himself face to face with a panting Sherlock. He held his gaze and saw that Sherlock’s eyes shifted back and forth between his own, contemplating, evaluating. When he spoke again, his voice was steady, reassuring and soothing. But also desperate and pleading. He kept John’s shoulders in a tight grip.
Oblivious to his surroundings Sherlock wandered through London’s streets, bumping into people without even noticing. Getting lost without even realising. Because his mind was stuck on what he witnessed just moments ago.
“Exactly that. Strictly speaking, a surgeon!” John said triumphantly, straightening his back — finally something to impress that madman.
Better grab the chance and leave unnoticed as long as he could, thought John. He peeked around the corner of the pillar he was sitting behind to check if the coast was clear.
“Imagine, I have a life outside of work and babysitting one John Watson.” Greg mocked. When John grimaced at him, he added: “Don’t want to be the same idiot as you are.” He threw John a sympathetic smile. “Going out with Molly.” He smirked. “If I’m not back tomorrow, you know where to find me!” With a wide grin he slipped into his jacket and rushed out the door.
“What got into you…?” he mumbled still half dazed. He looked over at John, spotted the clothes, the fidgeting man, smelled the clouds of cologne and smirked.
John didn’t react otherwise and Sherlock was grateful for it. John only acknowledged the shift in Sherlock’s mood with a small nod and turned to continue his path, calmer now, slower. Sherlock followed in his wake, trying desperately not to let go of John’s hand, despite some narrow passages to cross and piles of clutter to circumvent. John was quiet. Sherlock didn’t know what to think of it after his earlier wordiness. He already started to worry, when John finally spoke again the moment they approached the main hall. Without faltering in his steps, quiet, but enough for Sherlock to hear above the scrunch of their feet on the gravel.
aware of that, you know?!" John said, turning towards Sherlock and pulling him into a hug. The breasts pushing against his chest making a confusing contrast to the low rumbling hum next to his ear.
"Not fully though." Sherlock looked up, studying the ceiling as if he had never seen it before, running his fingertips in ellipses over John's back. "Just dip my toe in a bit, test the waters, refreshing some old contacts..."
“Yeah, well, I’m happy to see you two, too, but… uhm, can anyone enlighten me what’s going on here?” He even waved a hand to snap the two men out of their hypnosis.
“The whole time… how long is that exactly, Mrs Hudson?” he asked blankly, trying to keep all emotion out of his voice.
But watching Sherlock it oddly made sense. These high pitched sounds, screeching searing violin underlaid with an arrhythmic beat… sounding like a stuttering racing heart.
Slowly coming to his senses again, John realised what had just happened. Well, apart from incredibly sexy Sherlock in suspenders fucking him into oblivion in his chair which he'll never be able to look at again without getting a raging boner.
“You berk,” John chuckled and hugged his ridiculous partner even tighter. “Right, proceed, we must then. With… what precisely?”
That's what Sherlock was thinking about while making his way back. It reminded him of relentless stubborn persistent John. John who kept going regardless what crossed his way, John who got shot, who got hurt, who had endured loss so many times but kept going and going anyway, always putting himself in harm's way. Invincible John. He had to protect him. Sherlock had to protect this exceptional man from himself, from his own foolish life choices. He had to protect him from Sherlock.
Well then, the hole in the ground had opened up after all. But John Watson wouldn’t be a soldier, if he couldn’t handle a major crisis. And even more, this was one he had actually foreseen. Although the world around him started to whirl, John tried to focus.
This morning though, the sun beams trailing over the visible parts of Sherlock's face, he started to giggle.
He ran up upstairs taking two steps at a time. He picked the duffle bag from his army times he still kept in his closet and threw in his clothes; randomly grabbing a few of each, stuffing them deeper into the backpack. On the top shelf he happened upon a lidded box he once put there and had successfully forgotten - until now.
Breath becoming more and more ragged, he felt the sweat running down his spine, tickling his skin and pooling at his lower back, on the seam of his tights. It rippled down his temples, his curls were plastered to nape and brow.
Sherlock moaned when he caught up on John's plan and hastily scrambled to position himself upside down on the bed, knees planted on either side of John's head, bent forward to prop his hands next to John's hips. Which left John with the glorious sight of Sherlock's plush arse raised into the air, the widely spread thighs involuntarily parting his cheeks; all of the pale hairless skin on a beautiful display. Sherlock's deeply flushed and leaking cock hovering above John's face, his sack full and heavy dangling perfectly in reach, John's mouth watered. He lifted his head and licked a broad wet stripe over Sherlock's scrotum, the tender tissue soft and velvety on his tongue. Sherlock's thighs trembled when John sucked one of his balls into his mouth and rolled it gently on his tongue. The long breathless moan coming from the lower parts of the bed directly went to John's cock, screaming for attention; throbbing, beads of precome dripping on his belly.
"Jesus Fucking Christ… Sherlock," John chuckled, huffed, sliding his arms around the still heaving back of his lover. "What the freaking hell was
The sudden silence surrounding them wasn't quiet in the slightest; interrupted by shallow breaths, by Sherlock's racing mind that wasn't able to form one useful thought, by two hearts beating in sync.
It could have been hypnotizing if John’s heart hadn’t been racing. He had to admit that he was stunned, he was torn, he was very much drawn to that enigmatic being recently occupying his mind.
"It was… is… my drag name. That's what I was going by and people in the scene used to call me." he said tentatively.
That was why John hadn't expected the sheepish look on Sherlock's face when, one morning in the bathroom, he asked him to hand over the shaving foam.
out. Apparently you have found a suitable living space for the time being.” He sounded sour. Why did he sound sour? Was it because his ‘arrangements’ hadn’t been necessary after all? Wasn’t this exactly what he wanted? In that case, why was he that annoyed with John?
Sherlock looked embarrassed and tried to turn away, but John caught his face in his hands. He brushed his nose over the by now smoother hair and pressed a firm kiss on Sherlock's pouting lips.
“Let’s get rid of that shirt, yeah? Take it off for me.” He instructed and immediately heard the rustle of fabric over the line. “What does it look like? What colour…”
John’s imagination ran wild. He wanted to caress that leg hair, run his hands over it, feel its texture, catch the tiny sparks with his fingertips. He would stroke down to where the hairs thinned out, nearly vanished, at the back of Sherlock’s knees. He would be able to feel what he imagined, smooth pale skin, spread his fingers over slim but strong calves, let them slide over lean and sinewy feet. To John's own surprise, as sensual as these thoughts were, as enticing as Sherlock's appearance was, this urge to touch him held a completely different desire. God knows, John had fantasized to touch Sherlock in very indecent ways more than once by now, but this… this was different. Sherlock was right there within reach and John could barely believe it. He would be able to
. Smiling, looking at Sherlock from under his lashes, John pushed himself from the steady surface at his back. He wasn't sure what Sherlock had expected, but apparently not this. Judging by the expression on his face, Sherlock still had the jitters. John wanted his own confidence to make up for it, to be enough for both of them. He didn't feel one speck of doubt anymore and hoped that it was reflected in his whole demeanour, he wanted it to give off on Sherlock. He wanted his determination to permeate the air in the room so Sherlock could breath it in, flush it through his veins, spread it through his entire body, own it.
"I thought… we could listen to them together and you could show me that Martin guy. I want to understand why you like him so much."
Letting the music ripple through his body Sherlock heaved his back from the ground in waves, feeling the tension in his abs growing, wondering if that was the reason for the tight feeling in his chest.
“Oi,” John raised his voice and slapped Sherlock’s thigh. The cabby quickly looked alarmed over his shoulder, but apparently considered keeping his eyes on the traffic more important.
Taking full control now, John shifted slightly to align their bodies and changed the angle to deepen the kiss.
Did this mean Sherlock had used mascara more than once? John had never seen him with it after their fabulous first night. The memory of The Pirate with eyeliner and mascara was still much too vicious to imagine Sherlock putting it on for any other occasion and stay even remotely sane.
"You know, this feels a bit surreal. When I walked this way this morning, this was what I hoped for. But at that point it was nothing more than imagination." he said. Sherlock frowned.
“I will, Detective Inspector!” Molly said mockingly humble. Again the cheekiness that was so unfamiliar on her, John thought. “I’m not a little girl anymore and if there are any bad boys who have the bad luck to cross my way… I know where to find you, right? My personal  defenders… a cop and a soldier… what else could a girl wish for.” She winked and turned to make her way home. Greg barked out a laugh and followed John back inside to close the door.
"Trouble in paradise, Captain?" the sickeningly sweet voice cooed. "Do you and your lovely pirate have a little domestic?"
When Sherlock leaned in, John had to blink away some silly wetness that threatened to fill his eyes in regard of this enormous moment.
"They told me I'd have to keep a 5ft distance if I don't abide by their rules." he still sounded aghast.
"I'm so sorry, love… but… He's not here. I haven't seen him. He left yesterday in the early morning hours and he didn't come back since. He didn't even tell me where he was going! And neither did you!" She slapped him on his chest with the back of her hand. She looked gruntled and continued in an equally displeased voice. "Well, I know the two of you and you know I love you, but you can't  make an old lady worry like that!" She strutted further into her flat and John had no other choice than to follow her.
They both, reluctant to put any space between them, moved slowly. John picked up the abandoned cups of coffee and gestured towards the kitchen with raised eyebrows. Sherlock nodded in confirmation and nervously rummaged in the kitchen cupboards before he quit his fruitless search with a sigh and flopped down on the chair closest to him. John smiled knowingly at this display of agitation.
After that they sat silently for a long while, keeping each other quiet company. They agreed to another drink with a nod. Someone announced to go to the loo with just a pointing thumb. In an attempt to lighten the mood Greg brought some nibbles from the bar.
Oh God, that had been close. Close close close close close. No, not here. Not yet. He wasn't done yet. He had to get this out.
“You… bastard. Honestly, you giant dick!” He grumbled, but grinned when he flopped back on his seat.
Sherlock heard John puff his breath out through his nose, the way he always did when he decided to go into battle, when he was on a mission.
He had found his way home that day in a daze and luckily – or not so luckily – he was distracted by these morons threatening Mrs Hudson. All the words spoken at Battersea power station gone and forgotten… but were they? Hadn’t he thought about them? Each time he’d come here?
"I…" John started but paused again. "I warned you, it's laughable really…" He cleared his throat and started over, "For some stupid reason I thought… or
John straightened his rusty legs and stretched his stiff back and stood when he thought he was able to without pulling any muscles. He huffed a laugh when he realised the contrast to Sherlock's ability to move effortlessly as if he had found a way to circuit nature's laws. John wouldn't be surprised in the slightest if Sherlock had managed even that.
was ordinary looking and found him boring, as he apparently did with a lot of things? Would he find that he wasn’t attracted to John after all?
Sherlock flying through the air, jumping in long leaps, evaporating all this pent up energy, competing with pictures of Sherlock euphorically jumping from roof to roof in delight of a new trace.
“Yeah, because I didn’t get my shopping.” He had known he had only gotten half of what he needed yesterday, as distracted as he had been. And he hadn’t gotten around to head to the shops earlier today as there had always been something. It hadn't been the best of his ideas to try to get it done 'quickly' on his way back. God, he was still so annoyed.
Sherlock dropping down onto his knees in the dust of Battersea station, the heart tearing music stuffing the place, fading into Sherlock crouching next to a victim on the ground, his lean back elegantly stretching underneath the thick wool of his coat, rattling his brilliant deductions.
"You bet, I will!" He retorted, shifting his stance. Mycroft only smiled almost non-visible, but it was making his eyes shine nonetheless. He gave the tiniest of nods in Greg's direction.
!” Sherlock huffed, as if John had said the dumbest thing ever. “For one, we’d never get ready in time and I’d first need to make some calls to my old clubs anyway…”
“Because, dear brother,” Mycroft said calmly, making eye contact. “I think this might be one of the rare occasions that you’re misjudging the situation tremendously.”
So they had met at the Yard and John had paid absolutely no attention to where they were going afterwards, his thoughts still revolving around the events which had brought him here. He didn't care about their destination anyway.
“Uhm… I thought… weren’t you two… together?” John asked, confused. Greg turned his head, looked at John.
“Oh what now?” He scowled, probably expecting another of his brother's texts, but his expression lit up. “Lestrade,” he simply said. “He has news. John, where's my Laptop?”
“But it’s haaaard, you know? Hahaha… hard… did you hear that. Yes, you can say that, hard hard hard it isss… bein’ around you all day and you not knowin’. And I have to watch you and smell you… can you walk a bit closer next time, Ssshherlock? I can never smell you good enough… is a pity, becaus’ you smell fuckin’ amaaaazin’. But I can’t ask you of course. That would be weird, wouldn’ it? ‘Can you please walk a bit closer, Ssshherlock?’” he mimicked with a lower voice, “ha, ridiculous. ‘d never do that.”
“Alright… If you must know, I was looking for a new flat, but there wasn’t much appealing or affordable on offer either. I even applied for social housing at the community centre, but I’m afraid I’m not even eligible for that. Yeah and afterwards I was scouring estate agents all through central London even though I knew that was a futile attempt. That’s when my friend called after me when I walked through a park; wouldn’t even have noticed. So there’s that… We had coffee, my friend listened to me whining like a drowning cat and told me, out of pity I guess, about some other friend who is looking for a flatshare. So I declined.”
She sat frozen and John feared that she would leap up in disgust. He didn’t dare to look up until one long slim finger slid under his chin, raising his face so that he was forced to look into her eyes.
"That's just what I do." Sherlock said humble. Apparently it was difficult for him to accept what John was trying to tell him.
After a while, new hope. "What about Molly?". After all, Molly was the one who had helped Sherlock the last time he had vanished. Maybe she knew a way to contact him, a place to find him. Something John didn’t know about… after all, it seemed it was a lot more he didn’t know about Sherlock than he had ever anticipated. But no, Molly, too, was only shaking her head, denying any involvement. John couldn’t trust her entirely though. Not after the last time. But she kept assuring him that she really honestly would swear by her own life that she wasn’t involved this time. If not Molly, if not Greg, if not Mrs Hudson, if not John himself… who would be? Nobody. Sherlock was on his own this time. And that made John’s heart clench even more painfully. He should be there with him. If Sherlock would only trust him. If Sherlock would only let him in. But Sherlock didn’t… trust him. Sherlock didn’t want John to know. Didn’t want anyone to know. Sherlock wanted to be left alone. And who was John to disrespect and violate such a clear request? In the end, he was no-one.
John laughed heartily, for the first time in a long while, and shook his head. These two idiots, didn't see what was right in front of them.
"We'll go mingle with the crowd in the pub now," Sherlock whispered in his ear. "Try to make clear that I belong to you. You think you can do that?"
"Not much you can mess up there." Miss Pirate murmured. "You don't have to though. I'm perfectly capable…"
Why would he be happy? There was nothing to be happy about. Neither John's memories in general were any happy nor them still being present subverted his theory. He couldn't be wrong though. These were the remaining facts… it must be the truth.
Sherlock had never expressed any desire to engage in any exchange of physical attention, neither platonically nor let alone sexually with anyone. Mrs Hudson was the only one who was on the receiving end of an affectionate but brief hug now and then. But that was about it.
“Sherlock… oh my God… that’s… that’s great!” She jumped up and squirreled her way around the couch table. “Wow! What am I doing here? I’ll just be…”
"It isn't a carnival, John. I thought you'd respect…" Sherlock said, a bit restrained, but was shut up by a firm kiss.
“I am. For you. You see? That’s what I mean. Before I was never happier than when I had to help out on a different ward, got extra shifts, had difficult cases on my operating table. Everyone knew me, everyone liked me; I was as nice as I could be, but for me they were all interchangeable and I was glad when I didn't have to spend too much time with the same people. Nurses, doctors, patients; they were useful, some were nice enough to have around; no-one stuck.”
“No. Nooo. No, Mycroft. No no no no no!” He got agitated, kicked out of concept. “NO!” He whirled, slammed against the doorframe, struggled. “No. Absolutely no! No, Mycroft. No.” He angrily slammed his fist against the wall, drawing blood. Leaning heavily in the door opening, arms spread, hands braced against the frame, he let his head hang between his sagged shoulders and swallowed several times before he was able to speak again. But the only thing coming forth was a whispered “Mycroft…”
The next days went by in a haze. There were nights and days coming and going. Like a merry-go-round Sherlock wandered from bedroom to kitchen to library to dining room to library to dining room to library to bedroom. There were meals with Mycroft, meals without Mycroft. There was the bed, chairs, sofa, bed. He wasn't much aware of anything. He spent most of the time making use of Mycroft's outstanding book collection. He wasn't picky, because there was no trivia to find in Mycroft's collection anyway. Except for the section labeled politics, he completely avoided those. Otherwise, he randomly picked a book from the shelves and settled in the armchair by the window. He read about how to make your house bomb-proof, about the composition of the balm preserving the egyptian mummies, about different species of butterflies, Shakespeare’s Henry V and an atlas of the northern hemisphere’s star constellations. Usually, he read until it was time for the next meal. Often, he didn't know which meal it was until the moment he entered the dining room.
“Yeah, yeah I know,” John sighed. “It’s a damn pity. All that ssexiness wasted. If only you’d know about all the thingsss I want to do to you. Hell, Ssshherlock, we’d never leave this bed again.”
“Home, John?” Not fair that his voice was shaky, he didn’t want to sound doubtful or questioning. Although, he’d love to have a confirmation that it was meant the way Sherlock craved. Of course John noticed and smiled at him.
“That was what made me realise what I really wanted. For myself, for you. All I want is for you to be happy, Sherlock. I’d do everything for that."
. There was a short silence. When he looked up he saw Sherlock standing with his eyes closed, breathing slowly but deeply.
he thought, still speeding up the pace; changing to pirouettes which allowed him to feel free as ever before, piqué, piqué; letting go of the ground with one foot, letting go of the stability, physically, mentally, emotionally.
Slowly the music was fading back in in John’s awareness, a wary ethereal pirate theme, the underlying beat supporting the maddening movements of Miss Pirate.
Sherlock had agreed to talk. That was what John had wanted in the first place. Only… now that the moment had come, he actually didn’t know what to say.
"I would love to. Although, I wouldn't discard them completely. That would be a terrible waste, wouldn't it?"
"Can happen after events of great mental and or emotional impact," a lot more cautious. "Can you tell me, what…"
John didn’t have to wait long before Mycroft slipped in beside him. Giving John not so much as a look he said: “It is very much appreciated that you were able to spare a bit of your surely precious time to keep me company, Doctor Watson.” John huffed and answered: “Well, I didn’t really have  much of a choice, did I?” And added scoffing and with a good amount of sarcasm: “Mister Holmes…”
More. Whirling, jumping, turning, stretching. More! Stretch in the abs, tension in the back, sensation of nearly breaking. Good. Good! More! Pain in the calves, almost cramping, feet getting tired, legs trembling.
thought, you of all people would notice. Moriarty probably just thought that I was pleased to see him."
“No, probably not,” John kept his voice purposefully light. “Wouldn’t have made an appropriate impression in primary school, I guess.” John grinned at the image of little Sherlock dressed up as a pirate, dancing over the tables in his classroom to offend the teachers.
It was an announcement but John had sensed the question mark at the end of the sentence. Greg seemed to be quite uncomfortable about his home. John had turned and had given a reassuring nod.
John frowned. What had he missed? When it hit him, he squeezed his eyes shut and groaned. God, he was so used to his name being... well… his name, that he didn’t immediately draw the connection to… other meanings that were given to the word.
John dropped his head into his hands. He sighed deeply. Running his fingers through his hair, he inhaled.
John wasn’t completely sure what Scott was trying to say, but he got the feeling that there was a compliment buried somewhere underneath the pile of insults.
"I will, sweetheart, I will, don't you worry. All in good time..." he heard the man chirp, just before he turned the corner to catch the next possible cab.
Not that it had been his intention. Far from it. Initially he had only needed a way to come to terms with the fact that he had failed. He wasn't able to hide anymore. He wasn't able to deny it anymore. He had to admit his feelings for John, he had to face them. He had to feel the pain. Tried not to fear it. He had to acknowledge the heartbreak. He would have to live with it. There didn't exist a craftsman who would be able to fix it. He had to prepare for the loss. Because he wanted to avoid death. At all costs.
His eyes fixed on the mp3 player again, the evidence of John having been there with him, something else made its way to his awareness.
They were still untouched when Greg said, already a bit slurring, “At least the two of you still talk to each other,” as if there hadn't been any break in their conversation.
John didn’t say anything, before looking out of his side's window. So apparently he had already given directions to the driver. Sherlock looked at him curiously, but John didn’t look back, apparently lost in thought.
"Uhm… yes?" Same effect on John apparently. "But you also…" A tad annoyed but also a bit anxious, Sherlock could see. John already wanted to put the music back on, but Sherlock covered the mobile with his hand just in time.
Today better known as the 21 gun salute it originally had been a sign of surrender/truce, when a war ship wanted to enter a foreign or enemy port. As a sign of truce they'd fire their guns to show that the guns were not loaded, thus they'd enter the port disarmed and without hostile intentions. As a sign of acceptance the opposite party on shore would clear their arms as well, so that the entering crew would know they were safe to approach the port.
The sheer luck they'd had filled John with deep humility and awe. It had been one of the rare occasions that the stars had aligned. John refused to think that it was just coincidence; this wasn't just the deed of a lazy universe. John smiled fondly at Sherlock and reached out to caress his cheek.
“No, John,” Sherlock chuckled a bit sadly, “you don’t understand. You didn't know me before; the me before you.” For a short moment Sherlock’s face seemed to relax and a tender expression took over. When he spoke again it was less sombre but still very earnestly. “I really was that sociopath I claimed to be when I met you.”
John didn't have a problem with his height — well, he did, but not since he met Sherlock; Sherlock gave him the feeling that it didn't matter, at all. But being mocked about it was still a sore spot; he had been bullied enough in his younger days. He was properly done with it. However a low
John thought desperately, well aware that it only had been mere moments since sending the text and that Greg might be at work and not be able to answer his phone at all. Being impatient and to keep his thoughts at bay, John started sorting things in his mind
Suddenly he felt small. The unseen roof rising high above him. Next moment his arms grew long… long… couldn't control his arms. His legs felt numb, but his feet kept moving. They were not connected, not his feet, no connection, just pulled along.
They tried to fill the awkward silence with drinking each a couple of pints, but eventually Greg thumped his glass on the table and looked over at John across their cleared plates.
“Sherlock,” John sounded apprehensive, worried. Great, it had already started. Sherlock’s heart twisted painfully in his chest. “What are you saying?” John interrogated.
“I just mean, it’s good to know that you have somewhere to go.” He felt small and pathetic, pitying himself.
He tried to push back this train of thought. This wasn’t part of the plan. Imagining things that weren’t real wouldn’t bring him any step closer to the solution of this problem. Which was still very much present, as he now noticed.
"Yes, that would be me." Sherlock couldn't contain himself which immediately raised a disapproving look from the man on the other side of the table.
Although there was this one life he had tried to save over and over again. One life he cared for beyond all others. And he had failed. Put it at risk over and over again. Had made this life miserable, had made this life unbearable, had made this life a hunt. Maybe John was right, he didn't know how to save a life. He already felt himself getting weak again, he was close to failing… again. John wouldn't be aware of that, of course. That was not what John was referring to. Why would he.
"Okay… right…" John let it sink in for a moment. Nodded. Frowned. "Elle…" he tested the feel of it in his mouth, watched Sherlock while saying it again, "Elle." After a while he drew his eyebrows together. "Why Elle though? To emphasise the female appearance? Elle… that means 'she' in French, isn't it?" John mused, watching Sherlock curiously.
All that welled up in an endless stream of images behind his eyes, rolling over him as a gigantic wave threatening to drown him.
"You better keep your slimy hands off her, otherwise you'd regret it. Understood?" John straightened to his full height and even if it made no difference and he still had nothing on his opponent, his fury made easily up for it.
“And for the record,” John murmured, mouthing along Sherlock’s jaw, “I don’t mind any level of enthusiasm. At all.” He felt Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bob under his lips and couldn’t resist flicking his tongue against it, which only made Sherlock swallow again, his head falling backwards, settling with a thump against the wooden door.
Sherlock lifted his head, which felt heavy and muddy like it was filled with scratchy itchy wool made of the same stuff as his blanket. Tearing open one eye with sheer force he recognised he was surrounded by people, others. Lying on mattresses equal to his own. The room dimly lit, the daylight fighting its way through windows covered in dirt, accumulated for decades without anyone caring. Everything was hung with spider webs which certainly would serve as much softer covers than the ones he was currently shielding under.
Twice. He had begged twice now. Sherlock should be disgusted by himself. Whereas John should appreciate it... at least a bit. But apparently this didn’t work either. And he was still not sure he understood any of 'this'. Was he losing his ability to deduce? Or was this just John? He has always been the most interesting puzzle, but at the moment Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to solve it. On the other hand, he couldn’t avoid it either - the urge to understand was stitched into his genes and was the substance of the neurons firing in his brain.
“Then what would you say, if it weren’t my fingers, but my mouth? My tongue teasing it, my lips nibbling it? Do you like that, Scott? Me, sucking your nipple?” A deep groan was Scott’s response and John briefly wondered who was serving whom on this call but dismissed the thought immediately as he was at least just as much turned on by it as Scott seemed to be.
Sherlock's gaze was wandering over John's face as if searching for clues to confirm his sincerity. Then, after only a few minutes which felt like an eternity he seemed to relax.
Mycroft looked at him, not saying a word, not moving. Sherlock wasn't sure if Mycroft was even breathing. Sherlock wasn't. Until Mycroft gave one small nod, turned slowly and retreated hesitantly.
Only then he realised that the kitchen table was cleaned from the experiment, which he had abandoned by storming off that whenever-it-had-been morning.
“I wouldn’t know,” John interrupted, a bit annoyed but also a bit unsettled about the familiarity and ease with which Sherlock seemed to talk about it. Because honestly… What did he himself know of that part of society? Next to nothing, even after all this time of seeing the battlefield that where the streets of London at Sherlock’s side. But Sherlock only raised a doubting eyebrow at him. “Yeah, well, I can imagine…” John shrugged in defeat. How could he not, Sherlock always assumed the facts the genius had figured out would be magically transferred into Jon’s brain. There was some kind of telepathy between them though, but mostly that was related to when to pull a gun or when to giggle at a crime scene and when to better get home before things became indecent.
Sherlock leaned into his touch, resting trustingly against the palm of John's hand. John didn't move, held him steadily, secure. Traced his thumb slowly, tenderly over Sherlock's cheek.
“Mmhmm, of course I do. That’s the whole point, yeah?” John stopped them in front of the bath and pulled the shower curtains open. When he turned to look at Sherlock again the eagerness from before seemed to have subsided, shifted into tensed uncertainty. Anxiousness started to coil in John’s guts. What was wrong? Had he unknowingly crossed a line already? Sherlock had seemed to be as willing as John was. Had he misjudged the situation? No. No, he was certain he hadn’t. But then… what?
And please folks: inform yourself about a HEALTHY and SAFE way to tuck and bind and all the stuff you might need!! This is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT for your health and comfort!! Stay safe, lovelies!! 💕
OOhhhhh, lookingforclues (yes, we do!! hahah), thank you soooooo much for this update! I’m so happy for you!! And I know for certain that my followers are as well!! You two are honestly so cute! Thank you for letting me take part in this!
"Uhm… miss? I don't want to overstep, but…" he cautiously watched John from the corner of his eyes, "... are you safe?"
“Well, usually that didn't include much talking. Especially not about ducks and morgues.” John added with a wink aimed at nothing but his ceiling. Maybe Scott had felt it anyway judging by the snort. However, at least it seemed to have dissolved his foul mood.
This was later adapted as a ceremony to honour victims of war and also as reverence to state leaders, e.g. the Queen or the president.
"I'm not your damsel in distress, John! I don't need your protection! Before I met you, I might not have lived, but I did survive, you know?!" Sherlock stared him down, sparks of tension flying all over the place, the space between them billowing like heated air.
“Sir?” The low timid voice next to his ear pulled him out of his musings. Miss Pirate coyly looked at him from under her thick dark lashes.
John tried really hard to not let himself be pulled into this game of Miss Pirate, but he failed tremendously.
A tight knot formed inside John's belly. What if he had assumed wrong? What if he just assumed to know what's best, to know Sherlock? Hadn't he been proven wrong on that account enough times lately? He didn't know what to do. Didn't know anything.
“Well… that was Molly explaining to you where you should or shouldn't put your fingers.” John giggled.
Now John realised what the contents of the travel bag had been. Of course! How could he have missed. The finishing touch to turn the stunning Queen into Miss Pirate. On top of the meticulously styled curls rested the extravagant tricorn hat John had found so ridiculous in the very beginning. There was nothing really he had found ridiculous about this Pirate not much later. The effect seemed to last, because he had to swallow against a sudden dry mouth only from studying the hat alone; opulently decorated with glittering silver braid and feather and all, playfully shoved to the back of the head. Surely allowing the curls, which looked smooth and shiny and with an even warmer tint than usual to the deep dark chocolate colour, to fall seductively over the stunning face’s brow. John could only imagine—oh, how he could imagine—as Miss Pirate was facing away from him.
underneath all those tits and bits… literally." He smirked and an answering grin spread on Sherlock's face. "So, don't you dare to be insecure about that gorgeous pirate you're turning into and who is still very much my Sherlock."
His mental state was worse than expected. He used to delete 'Hi'-s now he had become a 'Hi' himself. He cringed.
All that was left in his head was war. War, war and more war. And he highly doubted his trauma would be an enticing subject for verbal foreplay — “Hey, want to polish my gun?” wouldn't be quite the appealing pick up line, he gathered. Apparently, not only his gun had gotten rusty...
"Oi!" John bumped his shoulder against Sherlock's upper arm. And just like that the mood settled into familiar companionship again. It was reassuring; they were still their former selves; John still knew exactly how to take Sherlock's banter.
Well then, there was nothing to it; his bladder screamed for attention and he felt no desire to ignore it. That desire arose in an instant the moment he moved as much as his little toe. Hell, he had known it.
During the quiet interlude John felt his eyes tear up and warm droplets slowly started running down his face. He remembered himself singing this song over and over again. On days he nearly hadn’t been able to stand it anymore, he had played it on loop, had started singing over again, when he had just finished, not daring to stop out of fear to be alone again, being afraid of the silence surrounding him.
Suddenly, in a flash he let go of John and jolted back. Not far from John but out of reach. Resuming his rock star pose, eyes closed, breath sharp. As if out of its own volition his hand reached up, slid up his chest to the base of his throat on which stretched tendons and bolding veins were expressing the tension Sherlock was containing.
His motions got bolder, his movements less contained. More power in his next jumps, less clean technique in his turns. More beauty to it all. John could barely believe that he was allowed to watch. The tightness in his chest the result of too many entangled emotions, impossible to unravel.
He heard his shallow breathing reflected on the other end of the line. There was also some kind of crackling that could only be caused by a breeze brushing across the speaker, something like splashing water, traffic noises very distant and muffled, the creaking of probably furniture or wooden floor, an occasional laughter of a human or seagull, or both. He tried to picture the location, where could this be? The city? Along the Thames? Not enough data… not enough data!
He pulled one knee up on the seats and turned towards the mute man next to him. Sherlock seemed to tense a bit and pulled his coat tighter around himself. He shrugged, but it failed to look as casual as probably intended.
“Time to get to work, John!” Sherlock beamed and rushed to the bathroom without waiting for response.
"What do you mean 'you walked this way' this morning?" he looked questioningly at John. The man seemed puzzled himself before realisation brightened his features.
“That’s rubbish, Sherlock.” John interfered. “You always did. What about Mrs Hudson, Greg, your homeless people, your parents. Yeah, even Mycroft? What about them? You knew them all long before me.”
John only now noticed the smell of Sherlock’s cologne, smiling to himself as he recognised the even posher than usual brand for special occasions. He could feel Sherlock’s breath ghost over his skin. Their gazes were linked and John wondered if the sizzling connection might be actually physically traceable. When he realised what a Sherlock-y thing to think it was, he couldn’t suppress the laughter bubbling up. It was one of the happy sorts that rose from deep within. It vibrated through his body and only the moment he felt his shaking belly bounce against Sherlock’s he fully understood just
"First of all, you've already been awake before me so you hardly woke up to that. Second, it's not an insult but a scientific fact." Sherlock mumbled in the same fashion, not easing his vice like grip on his partner.
Lacking other possibilities and because he really didn't want to disappoint and hurt the Detective Inspector’s feelings John had sighed, collected himself and had given Greg a smile as sincere as he could manage. Still, Greg had side glanced quizzically at John but had pulled his keys out of his coat pocket and had stepped over the gap onto his boat and the one step down to open the small door leading to the narrow but cosy indoor room.
“Wait… if Mycroft can…,” he frowned, “...why do I have to roam the whole city to do our shopping?” he looked quizzically at Sherlock.
He felt Sherlock slightly flinch at that, so he cleared his throat, straightened his back. Maybe this was ridiculous, it was just Sherlock and him here. But this felt somehow fundamental.
“I’m sorry, John…,” Sherlock giggled, “but it was worth it!” He laughed, tears rolling down his cheeks. “Your face…”
“I. Was. In. Full. Control. Of. The. Situation.” Sherlock slowly made his way back down John’s neck, pausing between words to nibble at earlobe, jaw, collarbone, to suck behind his ear, at his pulse point, in the hollow of his throat.
-fuck-with-me’-vibes as well.” John could feel the vibrations of Sherlock’s silent laughter under his hands and joined in. “You really can’t blame me!”
But in an instant he froze in his steps when he spotted the car waiting in front of him. He sighed deeply and rolled his eyes. Really? Being kidnapped by the ‘Queen’ himself was the last thing he needed right now. But knowing Mycroft and his minions he wouldn’t have any choice. Capitulating he pulled the front door of 221 shut and opened the back door of the vehicle with some hesitation, slipped inside only to find himself confronted with the familiar sight of the mystery figure known as Anthea tapping away on her phone.
When they kept standing on the roof, beautifully lit by the moon in the background, John asked in an attempt to joke:
“John, please. Don’t play dumb. It’s insulting my observational skills.” Sherlock had looked blankly at John, who had only swallowed against the sudden nervousness, no clue how to react to being caught out. “We can’t risk arousing any suspicions, so we have to blend in and behave as naturally as possible.”
The demands of his bladder woke him. The sun was up high and Sherlock was still out of it. After a visit to the loo and a quick brush of his teeth, John snuggled back under the covers. His cold feet made Sherlock stir and he grumbled and turned to nuzzle his face against John's neck.
“Yes, of course. Thanks, Greg. Talk to you on the phone…” John called over his shoulder, already on his way hurrying outside, worried if he’d find Sherlock there, furious about the situation he had brought them in.
,” he sang, looked at Sherlock, waited until the man lowered his chin, surfaced enough to look at John with hooded eyes.
It can’t take long now and no need to wait for it. Better make good use of the time he couldn’t sleep anyway and try to concentrate on the task on hand.
Sherlock was tired, really really tired… and not so much from sleep deprivation or physical exhaustion. No, he was mentally and emotionally drained.
over you…," she had carried on to tell him off while tenderly stroking loose curls from his forehead.
Shaking his head a little, with that small strained grin that never reached his eyes, which predicted someone was in real trouble, he had added: “The problems of your past are your business. But believe me, the problems of your future... are my privilege. I’ll make sure of that if you come anywhere near me or Sherlock ever again!"
He groaned in frustration and glided his fingers through his curls, only to grip them hard the next moment. He couldn't remember. Why couldn't he remember anything?
“Uhhhm… looking for a job offer? That’s what people usually do there, yeah?” John answered slowly, no less confused.
It was so much fun to mess with that brilliant brain; John relaxed into the joy that was now bubbling up again and let himself fall backwards onto his mattress.
He cleared his throat, suddenly uncomfortable. This wasn't anywhere near as anonymous anymore as he had hoped it to be. On the contrary, this Scott bloke had seen him in a way not many people had in the recent past. Or ever. However, the guy didn't know John's name or anything else that could reveal crucial data about his identity, so he should be safe, right? Even more so, this was merely meant to be an experiment anyway. Nothing to lose...
Sherlock marvelled once again at the man in front of him; John had understood without a single word from Sherlock. He knew Sherlock had to get his composure back, he knew that Sherlock had to steady himself as to not fall to pieces. He knew what it meant for Sherlock to take that step. Literally.
He could see that it had been folded many times, crumpled and smoothed out again. It had coffee stains all over it, but the pencil writing was still readable. It was erased and written again, parts crossed out only to repeat them the next moment.
Immediately a compilation of images flooded Sherlock’s mind of all the occasions John had been there at his side, gun ready to fire, the Captain Watson demeanour transferring without any doubt better not to mess with him.
essential factor that had brought them together when they first met. Back then, he hadn't thought twice about it, just assumed that it belonged to her standard repertoire. If it hadn't been for Miss Pirate all cat-like stalking up to him and quite literally pinning him down, they wouldn't be here today. Without that, he would have gone home to his horribly boring bedsit that night and, if he would even still be alive at this point, he'd probably still wank over the memories of Miss Pirate grinding and licking the dancing pole. Nobody could expect him to have any reservations about the dancing pole. Not even himself. Jeez, just thinking about it now. Speaking of… Where for fucks sake had all those dancing poles gone to? He needed only one. Just one!! Couldn't be
Still, taking that last step was frightening. Didn’t all his previous experiences contradict those promises? What if though… what if… it would turn out different than John expected it to? If Sherlock made him take a look over the edge and he’d see darkness? He’d see rocks that could hurt them, he’d see…
"It's just… I…" damnit, he was stammering. This wasn't helping to underpin his position. He took a deep breath. "I can’t do this, John."
Sherlock directly strode into the living room; John could hear him agitatedly pacing on the rug. He himself took his time to get rid of shoes and jacket, to feel more comfy, to feel more like being home. And, to be honest, to gain some time.
"I'm not completely sure this is how the thing with the vampires works…" Sherlock puffed under his breath.
He nearly got a heart attack the moment he was startled by the sound of Mrs Hudson opening the front door.
- really was… he had never realised how intense his desire had already been all that time and for how long it had been going on already, how much of it had been suppressed and locked up, how good he'd been in fooling himself. Had he also been able to fool Sherlock? John felt his heart thumping in his throat, blood whooshing in his ears. Probably not. Most certainly not! Sherlock Holmes wasn't tricked easily. And Sherlock Holmes thought that he, John, was the worst possible liar imaginable. Perfect. Just perfect. Had Sherlock seen it, deduced it and was bothered by it?
Or was it about himself… about Sherlock? Had he read it all wrong? Wouldn’t be the first time. Their argument, which had undoubtedly led to this display of emotion, hadn't been about Mary after all. Not on the surface at least. John bringing up the fall. Again. Of course the fall… everything was always about the fall. As if he would have had a choice. It’s not as if he had chosen to fall for fun…
One hand left the pole and moved towards her mouth, fingers resting on her lower lip and gliding from one side to the other until she slid two of them in her mouth.
“Ah, John, good. You’re back.” Sherlock heard Mrs Hudson slightly out of breath, trying to keep her tone light.
Then he got to work—swipe after soft swipe over closed eyelids, forehead, the bridge of the noise, chin and jaw and perfectly shaped lips the pads absorbed layer after layer of the make-up that covered the face of his detective. He tried to be as thorough as possible and when he was pleased with the result he pressed another tiny soft peck on the relaxed and now familiarly pink-ish lips to indicate that he was done. Eyelids, slightly shiny from the lotion John had used, fluttered open and an affectionate gaze met his eyes.
“Why?” Scott’s voice was just as low as before, soothing in a way but with an edge to it that prompted John’s pulse to speed up a notch.
Sherlock was breathing hard, his chest quickly rising and falling. He stood so close that John’s eyes were immediately drawn to the hollow at the base of his throat. A thin sheen of sweat covered the skin and made it shine in the sunlight. The smell of it mingled with the cologne made John a bit lightheaded. The intensity of Sherlock’s dance had caused more buttons of his shirt to pop free and allowed John a free view on Sherlock's collar bones and the top of his well defined pecs. His eyes followed the stretch of Sherlock’s throat up, over his clean shaven chin and the parted lips, puffing out harsh breaths which mingled with John’s. When he met Sherlock’s eyes his whole body was flooded by hot liquid fire. Sherlock’s gaze was heated, full of barely contained desire. John felt devoured by his eyes alone. He’d never survive to touch this man, he thought.
"You… berk!" John exclaimed, but laughed, actually grateful for the tension to be defused. "No, he brought me something. Sent by Sherlock." John tipped his chin in the direction of the coffee table. Greg looked over and back at John.
"Isn't that convenient?" Sherlock purred. "Two weeks of quarantine with no-one allowed to come near us. Not even Mrs Hudson. Especially not Mrs Hudson. Two full weeks to ourselves, undisturbed, with a refilled stock of mascara and eyeliner. And if I might say so… with quite a few new inspirations…
Considerate John as always, but Sherlock could still sense the hope that it wouldn’t be too heavy after all.
"And look at him? What about that? I mean… not that I accidentally make him go up in flames..." She raised her eyebrows, as if to accentuate the deadly weapons that were her eyes.
“That’s why we’re here, yeah?” John ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s flanks. “Maybe that’s a good point to start. As good as any, I think. We have to start somewhere, yeah?” He studied Sherlock’s face; wished, hoped, prayed that Sherlock would take the leap.
"Breathe, love." John said softly. And Sherlock did. His lungs sucked the air in greedily. He gulped it in; it almost burned him from the inside.
The domesticity of these thoughts, this memory, made something stir inside of him, getting tangled up in the undefined foggy feeling of wrongness.
Her hips were thrusting in an unmistakable display, always stopping just short of making contact with the stage; it couldn’t have much effect for herself. For her audience however the effect was more than most men could stand. The adjusting of uncomfortable boners wasn’t all that discreet anymore, in some cases rather bordering on indirect wanking through layers of pants and trousers. Most legs were crossed by now to hide obvious evidence. Some less modest guys on the contrary granted their dicks some extra space to extend and show off and were proudly manspreading in their seats.
"Did anything… dunno… happen yesterday?” He inquired. What could possibly have happened yesterday? He felt horror rise.
"Actually, we have to hurry, Mrs Hudson. I'm sorry. But we're just on our way to the club." Sherlock said apologetic but also kind of evasively, John thought.
When Sherlock heard a choked gasp his gaze involuntarily wandered to the spot, to the figure that slowly got shape.
He lowered his eyes to his hands clasped in his lap and realised that he had been clenching them into the fabric of his not inexpensive trousers.
John frowned. He hadn’t known. Another performance? Had that been on the menu all along? Not that he minded to watch her again… not really, no. But he’d much rather go home now and have his pirate to himself. He already wanted to inquire, but Miss Pirate didn’t seem to notice.
"With Greg?" John teased. Sherlock's eyes grew wider and wider until John nudged him in his thigh and Sherlock huffed and averted his eyes. Apparently he was embarrassed to have given that serious consideration.
The difference has been, back then he hadn’t had anything to lose. Nothing he would have considered valuable. But John finding him high as a kite, John looking so utterly hurt, he had realised that that could have easily meant the definite loss of John’s trust and friendship. And in contrast to drugs,
Keeping Sherlock in sight by the corner of his eye, John saw him picking something from the pocket of his coat, which he had draped over one of the iron railings. He fiddled with it when he, totally undisturbed, shuffled his way out of the shadows, step after each sluggish step, soles scraping the floor, leaving puffs of dust in his wake.
"And now that you've decided to give us this chance," John continued with a lump in his throat, "I think we can do it. I really think we can make this work, if only we do it together. I'm not wasting this chance, okay? I promise you to do better." He swallowed. Damn, the intensity of the emotions almost choked him. He had to get this out. He wanted to. He forced himself to go on, his voice rough and a bit shaky. "I’m not the man you thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be. But that’s the point. Who you thought I was ... is the man who I want to be. You make me a better man, Sherlock."
John’s breath hitched when Sherlock reached up and crumpled John’s collar in a tight grip. Sherlock pulled him closer, face to face, stared at him with an intensity to melt whole mountains. He only held him, breathing, roaming his face. They were so close, John could feel the heat of Sherlock’s body gather in the narrow space between them. Sherlock’s hand on his collar trembled, his whole body vibrated with the effort it took to hold back. John held his breath, didn’t dare to move. How was he supposed to survive this?
As the first tunes kept playing and the stage stayed empty, John kept nervously scanning the three different entering points of the stage as if it would be in any way possible to miss someone as eye-catching as Miss Pirate.
He knew how stubborn the man was. He knew, although he always pretended to be good at following orders, John never accepted someone else telling him what to do or how to do it, unless he approved anyway. That had been one of the attractions of working with John Watson. Living with John Watson. That had been one of the things that had made them the perfect match. There'd never been the need to discuss things. When Sherlock had asked… well… demanded he do something, John would, naturally, throw a tantrum at first. When in the end, he would have, admittedly grumpily, done it nonetheless, it had always been
He didn't even try to stay calm. Being sure this time that John would come to see him felt even worse than yesterday when it had all still been unsure, insecure, in a fog of possibilities and probabilities and wishes and fears and hopes. This was different, this was definite. A fact. The emotions accompanying it crystal clear like a droplet of morning dew, like the sun through the crisp air of an early winter morning. Like looked at through his magnifying glass. This felt like meeting John at 7pm on the 30th of January 2010 at Baker Street all over again. This was like asking
"John, I wouldn't have expected you to safeword out of innocent foreplay." Sherlock mumbled unfazed without interrupting his working on John's neck.
Holding his breath, he felt his heart hammering furiously in his chest. He wouldn’t be surprised if they would be able to hear it all the way across the hall. He tried to willingly calm it, but without the possibility to take deep breaths, his stupid heart wouldn’t listen. He felt a panic attack bubble up.
he had almost said. So much more. What good would it do though to tell Greg? What good would it do to tell anyone when that feeling wouldn't be reciprocated. He would always have to live with the feeling that they'd look at him and know. Pity him. Even worse, they'd see Sherlock and know. Maybe even tell him?
With that Sherlock started to undress. Very efficient though, no seductive gazes, no teasing lingering. No, it was shirt buttons, cuffs — shirt off. Laces untied, shoes dropped, socks chucked — feet bare. Trouser button popped free, zip lowered, hip wiggle — trousers sliding down. Sherlock stepped out of the trousers pooling around his ankles. Business or not though, it was impossible to ignore that at this point Sherlock was half hard under his skin-tight black boxer briefs. He hooked his thumbs under the waistband and holding John’s gaze he pushed his pants slowly down until he stood in the middle of the bathroom — naked and very obviously aroused.
had definitely not been there in their bedroom. He remembered it though, how could he not; now in plain view resting against the bulge Sherlock’s perfect arse formed underneath the only just covering black leather and purple lace layered backside of the skirt—the saber. Fixed at the Pirate’s slim waist, slightly crooked it nestled perfectly along the curve of the all too familiar backside, pointing towards—naahhh, not thinking of that now. Knowing what he would find there John’s eyes flickered to the other side of said waist but he was surprised nonetheless. Yes, there were handcuffs dangling just as expected. But these were not the old ones, probably found in a ratty antique store, John remembered from Miss Pirate's last performance. These were shiny, these were modern. These also weren't from a store but nicked from a certain DI of New Scotland Yard. John knew, because these handcuffs used to live in their salad drawer. Heaven knew why there, but they did. John didn’t object to keeping them in the fridge as the chill of the metal added beautifully to the thrill when cuffed around heated skin.
"About what?" Sherlock asked. It sounded much ruder than he had intended. But what was this call about? He was out of his depth. He had never liked a drunk John. Surely not now. Not over the phone, not with his heart aching and his stomach turning by the slightest possibility to have even a tiny bit of this man. Even if it were just his drunken voice. God, he was so pathetic. He was annoyed with himself. He had to work on that.
“That’s not it…” He said very quietly, all the previous rage gone. “I’m the one I don't trust.” Turning back he continued his fiddling.
All things regarding Sherlock and evading answers and whimpers forgotten, John hurried to work. He made it just in time, immediately picked the first patient’s file from the receptionist’s desk on his way to his office and had no spare time to give any attention to his headache or to think or to breathe for the next couple of hours. The moment his last patient left the room, he sagged into the chair behind his desk and took a deep breath. He shouldn’t have done that, because apparently his head came to the conclusion that if there was time for breathing there was time for headache and there was time for thinking as well. He let his forehead bump on the tabletop and groaned. He wondered if there by any chance was something even more effective than dying. Like vanishing. Or like never having existed in the first place.
So John made work to unpack the bags; shaking his head in disbelief and snickering more and more in amusement the deeper he dug into them.
“Here you are, John.” Molly handed him a couple of sheets with a reassuring shy little smile on her lips.
John, always the soldier, always the warrior, never turning his back to the danger, always facing the door, always prepared for the enemy to enter - most of all in his… sleep?
“Right you are, love!” John, still chuckling, pressed a kiss on the willingly reciprocating pouting lips of his partner.
“Oh, come on, John. They do get paid enough to endure the field work in a supermarket, don’t you think?”
Sherlock held his breath. This… was not… the plan. He tried to ignore the horror creeping up his intestines. What had he done? Why, for hell's sake, had he said this? Send this? Where had it come from? Sherlock's knee was nervously bouncing up and down.
Eyes wide open, John slowly tumbled backwards, back into the shades, panting, only now realising he had been holding his breath. The look on Sherlock’s face frightened him to an extent he didn’t even know were possible.
Without moving, without breaking their eye contact, with a low and tender voice, which nonetheless seemed to fill the whole building, John simply said, "Thank you, Sherlock!"
“I’ve seen you enough times; I know now that it is your way to let it all out, everything you keep under lock and key. When you dance there seems to be nothing to hold you back; no restrictions, no boundaries, no shells. You seem to talk to me somehow. You’re letting me in without knowing it.”
"Can you kindly refrain from making your chest wobble? There are people here who want to sleep." he whined, voice still rough, not fully awake yet.
close they were. They were leaning against each other, holding each other, steadying each other. If one of them would loosen their grip unexpectedly the other were likely to fall. At the thought of it John pulled him just a bit firmer against himself.
Thirsty, he was so thirsty. No water would ever be enough. He craved more than water. It was more than thirst alone. He felt dried up. Burned. Also starving. Without being hungry. Transport, just transport, he tried to convince himself. But this craving, this insatiable craving. It wasn't physical. And he knew it. What he craved, right now, were answers, were solutions. He needed to understand this mystery. Of John. Of himself. Why could he neither be with nor without John? Was there a way out? How was he supposed to function if not live? He'd let himself drown in a well if needed. To get his answers. He'd fast and flagellate himself and beg to deities he didn't believe in. If someone told him the solution. This case, he was afraid he'd never solve it. All he asked for was to at least understand. He'd rather die understanding than to live on not knowing.
He saw how Sherlock had to recollect their conversation and was pleased to have been able to shut down the never resting machinery of Sherlock’s mind.
"Talking about that…" John eased his hold and picked his fork up to resume eating but didn't let go of Sherlock with his other hand. "You let everyone get tested, I assume we will as well, right?" He waited for Sherlock's confirming nod. "I think we should take precautions anyway. We've been exposed to so many people and I don't completely trust those tests and just imagine we spread it; I couldn't live with the thought and if one of us gets sick... I want to be able to keep an eye on you at all times…"
John felt Sherlock tensing up for the fraction of a second and his caresses lost their rhythm for a short moment, before he had himself back under control, trying to stifle the clearing of his throat. John closed his eyes. He was well aware of what Sherlock had heard between the lines. That was the whole point, wasn't it? He pressed a small kiss on Sherlock's neck.
However, not long after, he shook his head. This was starting to get really bizarre. Just the moment John had convinced him that there was no amnesia whatsoever, he had to stumble over this article? What was the ridiculously overrated universe up to. Rarely that lazy? Today it seemed to be comatose then…
He didn't want to take the whole box though, it was too big to put in the bag and too bulky to carry on the tube. So he put it on the couch table and opened the lid. Even knowing what was in there, he had to take a deep breath before starting to sort the content.
There were four texts in a row. Sherlock counted the seconds between them. He didn't pull out the phone, although his hand was clenched around it in his trouser pocket. His arm almost trembled with the effort it took him and he was relieved when after the fourth text the seconds kept going by without further interruption. Gradually, he relaxed, tension seeping out, well aware that text messages didn't vanish by ignoring them. This was a problem he had to address later. Why had he even brought his phone?
Out of his depth for once, Sherlock opened his browser again and typed into the google search bar, feeling very silly about doing so: ‘whose life to save?’
With that he turned around, coat swirling after him, the suspect seemingly forgotten. He left John behind, speechless, chin dropped, face red as a tomato.
“First of all, I didn’t spy on you,” John had to force himself to sound serious as the adoration he felt for the man in front of him constantly threatened to make him grin broadly. “And no, it wasn’t only twice.” he stated.
"Need my help? Is what I wanted to say…" he rushed out, although it was obvious that it definitely hadn't been the case. "That why you… you shaved? The tape, I mean? What would I… how..." John wanted to slap himself for the way he was babbling unable to hide his uneasiness.
Crouching in the middle of the sitting room, still damp from his shower and half clothed, well, rather not clothed at all, John needed to hear the front door slam shut to come back to life.
Enraptured, John watched—torn between fascination and fury—as Miss Pirate made defenceless men whimper, gasp, and groan; steadying herself on shoulders, sliding hands over torsos, accidentally scratching nails over nipples, leaning her bum against backrests, swaying her behind just the tad too close in front of a poor sod’s face, tracing inner seams of trousers with the tip of her toes. As often as they sensed their opportunity, greedy hands were trying their luck, most of the time failing to get what they aimed for. Nonetheless, the bouquet of banknotes grew, and to John's indescribable disapproval each single one was rewarded with a cheeky wink.
By now, the sweat ran down his back, sticking the shirt to his body. He felt the ache, verging on pain. His legs were covered in dust, clinging to his feet, his hair was slick against his temples. He noticed the cold air forced by his rapid motions caressing his face, almost pricking because of the sweat damping his skin. Good! This was good; one more sensation to distract him from thoughts!
John hummed contentedly and tried to come up with some perky remark — because honestly, what even was his life right now — instead, he gently drifted off while musing about it, his mind flooded with tons of endorphins and mental pictures of pale skin and long legs and lips stretched around his cock.
John shrugged almost invisibly and after a few strides slumbed on the sofa next to Greg. He took the bottle, gulping half of it down in one go and let his back fall against the backrest. Greg, already in the same position, head leaning backwards, feet planted on the couch table, turned his head without raising it and looked at John.
If it didn't have to do with amnesia, if it didn't have to do with Afghanistan, if it didn't have to do with John's medical skills… what could saving lives be about? Saving lives… saving lives… I should have known how to save a life… do you by any chance know how to save a life… what do you mean, I asked you… didn't ask how to save lives…
"Ah damn." John brushed his fingers up and down Sherlock's bearded chin. Sherlock leaned into the touch and hummed.
“Well then… I’ll just… yeah, would you….” he trailed off, clearing his throat again. “I mean… would you mind bringing these up to him?” Rustling of the bags indicated that John was apparently handing them over. “Only if it’s not too heavy, of course!” He hurried to add.
When he felt dizzy enough to see the world turning without seeing anything at all, he ended his pirouettes by standing with his legs spread, feet wide apart but secure on the ground, his arms resting reassuringly at his sides. His head held high and proud.
Sherlock slowly sank forwards until his forehead rested on the floor. John’s letter was still crumpled in his fist.
Sherlock stood in the open door, panting, because of the jog up the stairs, obviously. John looked at him with glassy eyes, one hand holding the phone to his ear, one hand down his trousers which he had still on.
"And that's not all…," Sherlock carried on, horrified beyond measure. "They want us to set their beds on fire. Why would we do that, John?"
The movie adaptation is a classic under the same name "The Red Shoes" starring prima ballerina Moira Shearer whom I admire!!
Oh, yes, that was another thing mentioned on the websites he had consulted. Amnesia patients get sceptical and suspicious. They have difficulty trusting people. That in addition to the trust issues John already had. Sherlock had to be careful! Silly of him to expect that John still trusted him unconditionally. Of course he wouldn't.
"To fit the duration of voicing the given lyrics into the metric system the emphasis has to be put on the second syllable of the first line of the chorus rather than on the first and last syllable causing an unintended prolongation of the corresponding time value."
Turning himself into the typhoon he needed to forestall to be burned to ash, Sherlock steeled himself, arms positioned out in front of him, as a means of defence. One leg pointing sharply forwards, daring anyone to come near. In a flash, it was forcefully swung in a circle to pull himself into a pirouette of lightning speed. Without touching the ground his leg worked relentlessly, forcing him from one turn into the other without a break, without time to think, without any possibility to find a fixing point.
"Could be dangerous." Scott practically purred, voice almost as dark as the topic they were talking about. It sent icy tingles down John's back, although not from dread as it should be, but from excitement. John inhaled sharply. Something was seriously wrong with him. He swallowed.
"Sherlock! Wait! Please, listen to me! I'm sorry… I'm so sorry, if I'm…" he stammered, nearly stumbling over his own feet in his eagerness. He was mortified by the amount of desperation seeping into his voice.
John startled and nearly fell from the sofa, when Sherlock suddenly jumped up, all tangled in the blanket and his dressing gown and John’s limbs, and floundered and tumbled over their furniture.
As fast as his trembling legs would carry him, John made his way through the club, hurried back stage, looked into every corner, scanned the corridors, threw open doors he in retrospect would have preferred to have left shut, until his hand reaching for the handle of the next door froze mid air. A very
When he finally came down from his high, panting hard, head still restring against the wall, he realised that the stranger was gone. Left without so much as a word. Vanished into thin air. John hadn't even noticed.
John waved his hands in front of himself to appease the stranger. Sir? Did that guy just say ‘Sir’? That sounded an awful lot like Captain, didn’t it? John blushed thinking of a rumbling voice inked on his eardrum wishing him
Some of the guys picked a drink from the bar, John declined, and then they settled in some of the chairs at a table close to the stage. John didn’t know what to expect, but he could imagine. Not the first time he’d been to such an establishment though. But this was really not the kind of fun he had meant.
All of a sudden Sherlock was awfully aware of his bare torso and naked bum underneath his pyjama pants. He hadn’t done this himself, had he? Someone had undressed him. Surely it hadn’t been… had it?
His arms still spread to his sides, behind his back, Sherlock felt the power unfurling in his muscles, the energy with which they were forcing his entire movements. The strength of his bend arms seemed to spread beyond his limbs, beyond his body, beyond his mind ... wing-like.
“He confessed he knew Elle Lamentory was the same as the Consulting Detective; I’m not surprised. I actually suspected he knew all along even though I never told anyone; only you and Mrs Hudson knew. And my family, obviously. But Moriarty is not stupid, so of course he knew. Lestrade managed to make him confess that he had, especially for me…” Sherlock looked appalled, downright disgusted actually, “...created a case to lure me back into the scene. Last year, during the time I had retreated from my old life because of… reasons," he cleared his voice, "he didn’t want to risk becoming too visible stepping into the light of the public, so it had to be me who had to return to the shadows.”
Last thing: For the last chapter I forgot to mention that the chapter titles for part 3 are a medley of the songs within the chapter. We'll see how that works out... 😜
For a short moment John was wondering if maybe Sherlock was also hungry and wanted to share, but he dismissed that thought quite quickly. And because this was really unusual behaviour for Sherlock to let his suspect out of view that long, John started to worry a bit, there was nothing left to do than ask…
That evening, when John came home, Sherlock had worked hard—figuratively and literally—and his blog was indeed updated. John was properly impressed and they spent the night enjoying showing each other their preferences. They happily discovered that they were quite the match.
John sagged again, all laughter forgotten. His shoulders started to shake, shattering waves ran through his whole body. Here he was then... he had desperately hoped for one last miracle, had begged for it. Now that it was granted, he was sitting in his home – the only one he ever had – and felt as alone as he could be, the chair opposite from him as empty as it had been. Sherlock was back, but in a way he was still gone and John didn’t know how to change that, what to do. Sobbing and shaking and clenching his fists into his hair he let the lyrics wash over him…
"No, that's not…" John pressed a finger on Sherlock's lips to silence him. The man looked at him with big expectant eyes. "Case. I meant case." John said, but Sherlock only wrinkled his brow. John took a deep breath.
was interesting! Was it possible that the posh boy had a praise kink? John smirked to himself — he could definitely work with that… “Now be good for me,” he said, deliberately low, “and pinch them. Hard. Can you feel me sucking on them?”
“We’re here though,” he said, as if he was talking to a companion in the flesh rather than to a mere faceless voice in his phone he was carrying around London.
So he sighed and when he trusted his hormone-flooded wobbly legs enough to carry his weight, he rearranged his clothes, tugged his now flaccid but sticky cock away and made his way to the restrooms to clean up as well as possible. He was lucky to be alone and so he took his time, trying to comprehend what had happened.
The only place he felt somehow sheltered, a bit less lonely, a bit less exposed, was here. Here at Battersea, where he now sat in the dust, back leaned against one of the pillars, head fallen back, supported by the rough surface of the cracked tiles. His hair got tangled in cracks, in never fixed creases of roughly applied sealant nobody was actually caring about. Greyed by the remnants of work finished long ago, greyed by time, by oblivion. It tugged a bit on his hair, just enough to encourage him not to move. That was welcome. He didn’t plan on moving anytime soon anyway. What for?
John had to be aware that this couldn't be just an experiment, that he’d have to be here to stay or not at all, that it was vital to Sherlock.
He had never doubted that Sherlock would have had some kind of experience, but he had wondered. A man like Sherlock must have had lovers of some sort in the past. Sherlock himself had hinted at it, even if not rightout told him; but from the bit he had heard and what he now observed on Sherlock's face made his heart clench. He felt anger rise at faceless people who had taken advantage of Sherlock, had used Sherlock for their pleasure or who the fuck knew what else they had done. Even if it might not have been physically harmful; he felt fury about all the people who had made clear consent and free will such an alien concept to Sherlock.
But weighing all his possibilities he had to admit that there were only two options; or doing nothing and let it be or… ask Mycroft for help.
On his way after Moriarty, he grabbed one of the chairs and hauled it right over the bar counter, sweeping the entire armada of bottles and glasses and equipment to the ground behind it, blocking Moriarty’s way and thwarting his escape plan. Slowed down by the bombardment with booze, Moriarty was easy prey for a raging soldier. John tackled him right before he could vanish in the narrow space behind the bar, but the posh sleaky spider didn’t give in as easy as John had expected. It was quite the tussle before John had pinned him down chest to the ground, straddling his waist, securing his wrists on his back with a bone crushing grip.
This was the picture of a broken man - moving restlessly as if driven by some unknown force. Like a marionette hanging lifelessly and being at the mercy of a faceless puppet master recklessly pulling the strings, loving to watch him dance.
John turned and looked at the mess still cluttering their kitchen table. Resigned but nonetheless amused he walked over to randomly pick up some things before peeking through the doorway of the sliding door between kitchen and living room.
Suddenly Sherlock jumped up, almost bumping his head against John’s. He wiped the phone from the table and flug it against the fridge, where it bounced off to land on the floor with a loud clatter, the music died immediately, his chair tumbled over noisily. John jerked back, startled, eyes wide in alarm. Sherlock stared at him for a moment, face contorted in a pained expression, troubled emotions clouding his eyes, shoulders heaving from his heavy breathing. Then abruptly he turned and steadied himself on the kitchen counter.
"That might be my fault." he said after a deep breath in and out. "Come on you," he held his hand out to Sherlock who took it hesitantly. "I have to show you something."
“John, please.” Sherlock looked pleadingly at him and John fell silent. “You’re entitled.” Sherlock said calmly and lowered his gaze. Watched his hands, which were now folded around the paper cup. Engulfing it nearly entirely. When John vehemently shook his head no and sucked in air to contradict him, a deep frown appeared on the bridge of Sherlock’s nose and he spoke hastily without giving John the chance to voice his thoughts.
"Mycroft?" Sherlock spat and glared at John. He was lost, it was as if he and Sherlock weren't talking about the same thing, as if they had lived in parallel universes. "Why Mycroft? When did you talk with Mycroft?" Sherlock inquired confused. Angered?
And hadn't they talked about it? Hadn’t they moved on from all that long ago? Sherlock was under the impression that all that had settled… but then John was angry, had shouted at him, had accused him, had thought it had been easy for Sherlock…. So it made sense. The pieces were now falling into place.
He hadn't anticipated that lifting that veil would give way to all other emotions as well. The draught in his mind palace too strong, all doors and windows pushed wide open. The neatly stored away sentiment, pulled along with the air breezing through the halls and rooms, cleaning out the dust, making foul odour vanish. He hadn't been able to hold it back, to reign it in. He hadn't tried. He hadn't wanted to. But then, he had felt safe.
So, Jo my dear, you know you ruined me for life, right? And I'll be forever grateful for that! Love you! 💜💜💜
“No… No! You don’t understand,” Sherlock growled as if scolding himself. “If I had stayed… as I'm doing now by the way,” he looked miserable, “I would most certainly have put you in harm’s way again. I would have done something to put you off, to drive you away eventually. It seems inevitable and already I almost have. Had I followed through with my plan, I would have avoided the chances that you would be hurt physically because of The Work, because of me…" he swallowed. "Had it been me who left, I wouldn’t have had to witness you walking away from me entirely, deciding you no longer needed me in your life. I dreaded the moment you would realise that you would get nothing but pain from our... connection."
John closed his eyes, swallowed hard, and tried to be the professional he was not. This was… not good. Not good at all. They hadn’t agreed on this. They hadn’t even discussed this. But then they hadn’t discussed any of the other things either. But this was different. Wasn’t it? Was it? God, John didn’t know any more.
Without moving, without breaking their eye contact, with a low and tender voice, which nonetheless seemed to fill the whole building, John simply said, "Thank you, Sherlock!")
“Right. So… what do you think of dinner? Hm?” he asked in obvious fake enthusiasm, rubbing his hands together.
!" His breathing had sped up. Agitated? Frustrated? Anxious? Sherlock was at a loss. John added, concerned? Empathetic? Sherlock despised pity. "How could you not have felt that way? You were a wreck when I found you, Sherlock. I was…" that shallow breath again. In the background a seagull ridiculed them with their piercing laughter. "I was concerned. Worried." pause, "I couldn't lose you, again." Silence. Noises muffled, only a thin layer of soundscape. A ringing in Sherlock's ears.
Later that night, when his fingertips were tracing circles on the sweaty skin on the back of the man cradled in his arms, John said, "I think we owe Greg a Thank You. We should give him something. Maybe a case solved completely under his name or something." John chuckled and revelled in the feeling of a warm, from laughter trembling body pressed against his side. He cherished the sensation of having the man he loved right next to him.
Mrs Hudson whirled around, a bit dramatically as she used to do, and rushed down the stairs as fast as her hip allowed her.
He waited impatiently. He had to admit that, although of course he was concerned about John, a part of him was also curious. It was a case after all.
"I'm sorry, but Mr Holmes has given to understand that he is out of the country. He'll not be available for an indefinite period. Good evening, Doctor Watson."
Arriving at Baker Street Sherlock hesitated. For a while he kept oscillating on the pavement in front of the shiny black door, which felt less and less like the refuge it used to be.
He was so emerged in his work that he almost fell off his chair when the notice finally came. He scrambled and tumbled through the sitting room to his chair where the laptop waited and opened the screen with trembling fingers. There it was.
On a different note, remember: songs on the left=chosen by the boys, songs on the right=chosen by author
John swallowed, not sure how to convince Sherlock that he was wrong. With all of it. But this wasn’t the moment. Sherlock wouldn’t accept any of it. Sherlock would refuse anything John had to say. When Sherlock spoke again he sounded small, defeated, insecure.
"Well… yes? I guess? That's what they do, no? Sell themselves for money?" he shrugged. "And just the thought…" he shuddered, "I just think it's beneath you. You don't need to do that. You deserve better!"
John snickered, completely unnecessarily blushing at the sudden turn of topic. He rested his head against the window to his side and closed his eyes.
“Do you remember it?” Sherlock asked, in his other hand holding the high heels by the long laces that reached up to above his knees when put on.
As always after one of his sessions, as he liked to call them, he had retreated to his bedroom as fast as possible. Following a quick shower he had paced his bedroom, muscles sore, body tired, but mind still whirling. And now this. Normally Sherlock wouldn’t sleep at this time of the day anyway, but how dare John make such a fuss? Didn’t he know that this was extremely annoying? After all, there are people who can’t think with such a noise. And Sherlock needed to THINK!
So he hesitantly made his way downstairs, hoping to make his way to the bathroom unseen. But no such luck.
He felt nervous under the scrutinizing gaze; a bit as if he'd have to defend his doctoral thesis again—the greenhorn having to stand his ground in front of a brick wall of decades of expertise and skills. His tongue was tied, what was he supposed to say? Had it even been a question?
“Obviously, the intention was to combine the HobNobs with the chocolate spread! Really, John, do keep up!” Sherlock huffed but grinned broadly before going back to lose himself in the new information he got on the case.
By now he felt haunted by the mere word alone. It was just a word, goddamnit. So many meanings, such different meanings, not only painful connotations. A falling leaf in autumn, dancing in the wind, showing its bright colours in the sunlight? Hurtful now, because it was falling. Snow falling in the winter; snowflakes slowly floating to the ground to softly cover the plants? Hurtful now, because they were bloody
If his mind was that desperate to cling to such an unexciting and ridiculous event as a simple phone call he maybe should look for some more physical, uhm, interaction after all. If needs must, there was nothing to it than digging into his pension and going out and getting laid. For real.
There was a small whimper coming from Sherlock, who turned and headed in high-speed towards the living room. Somehow, that didn’t help one bit to ease John’s mind.
about her! Christ, he had to calm down. There was nothing to it, in the least he had to endure them watching her; he also had no influence on them thinking of her, those wankers. How dare they! But well, mass murder wasn’t an option either...
John patted Sherlock's sides to retrieve the phone and realised the pocket in question was trapped between their bodies. The crooked smirk tugging at the corner of Sherlock's mouth indicated that he had been perfectly aware of that fact. John growled goodnaturedly at him and fumbled for the phone, involuntary but inevitably brushing delicate hyper-sensitive body parts on his way. Sherlock, the insufferable tease, didn't ease the pressure of their bodies against each other in the slightest; rather the opposite. Bastard. John's favourite bastard, though.
After the third time he had to watch Sherlock being handled onto a stretcher, and the third time he had thought he would lose him, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to go back to Mary. Not the moment that he had realised she was actually a stranger to him! Not with the awareness that it had all been her fault, when he had just learned that
A memory, a picture, him sitting on the edge of his bed, just woken, staring down at his arm. Something had felt wrong. Not the marks, they were expected. What didn't fit in the picture? At that time Sherlock hadn't been able to grasp it, mind fogged, body wrecked. Now though, realisation dawned. It was true. The arm. The wrong arm. The right arm, he never used the right arm. His dominant arm. Too important. Couldn't risk it. Experiments, the violin…
"NO!" He yelled. "You're misjudging! You're all misjudging! You, John! All of you!" He sprung to his feet, hands trembling in fists at his side, his breath coming in ragged puffs. His hair was messed, spiking in all directions, his eyes gleaming with anger. "I. Can't. Stay." He hissed through his clenched teeth. "Can't you see, Mycroft?" He waved a still trembling hand behind himself. "I've hurt him. Again! Since I've come back it has all been going to hell for John. I was selfish. I thought… I wanted…" He stopped to get his disgustingly faltering voice back under control. "But it… I've ruined it. I can't do this to him." His hand fell to his side. His anger faded. His shoulders sagged. "He will get over it. He doesn't have to mourn me this time. It'll be easier. For him. And he would never have to see me again… I'll never have a chance to ruin him again."
The moment he turned away from John, he wanted to rip his heart out and throw it in the next bin, where it belonged. He cursed it's existence. How could an accumulation of cells, which consisted of carbon, nitrogen, hydrogen and oxygen; some of the most tedious and common chemical elements… how could that hurt? It wasn't even injured in a medical sense…
can't…' Yeah…” he huffed icily. “That would have been great, don't you think?" Sherlock was breathing heavily, body rigid, like a bow ready to launch an arrow.
There were vegetables spread over the kitchen counter, pots and pans on the stove. A bottle of wine opened, wine poured into two glasses.
“I take it that you are well aware of my... and John’s that is… somewhat … tense living situation lately.”
John let himself sink into the sensation of being held. He had difficulties recalling if he had ever been held like this—as if someone deeply cared. He came up blank. Neither his mother, nor his father were very physical; later at uni he had pals and mates… absolutely no comforting hugs there. And with his lovers it had always been him who had done the comforting. He was the super-caring doctor bloke after all, a shoulder to lean on. He had never realised how desperately he needed such a shoulder himself. Until now.
better. “And as I loathe the sensation of crinkles on my skin,” Scott continued, voice just as intent, “my shirts are pleasantly soft to the touch and rather… tight — Very. Tight.”
He hadn’t dealt well, at first. Later, he had found his way, his weapons, his armour to not lose the battle against his worst enemy
"That's rather what I intend to avert," Sherlock held John's gaze and John thought he might drown in them.
"Well, that was when I still thought you were a woman. I'd like those on a woman." John said. Sherlock rummaged in the pile until he pulled out the lace blouse. He fiddled with it so that John already feared for its appearance on stage.
Eyes so shining; the irises a colour he couldn’t quite figure out. Was it blue? Green? Grey? It was like a merge of the morning sky with spring meadow and November fog. Confusing. Stunning.
"No, they don't. Josy is a cis woman, no drag queen. It's still her artist's name, that's what people go by; next to no-one knows or uses real names. She calls herself Josy Bakers, after Josephine Baker—amazing woman! That's one of the reasons why I took a liking to her—she's not as much of an idiot as others."
The John on screen shifted a bit awkwardly and looked shy and warily into the camera and then away again. Down onto his clenching hands. He cleared his throat, fidgeted where he sat, cleared his throat again. Then spoke and Sherlock’s stomach did a flip.
John wasn’t able to make much sense of anything right now, but one thing he was sure of—he couldn’t do this alone. He fumbled for his phone, tried to unlock it and dial without losing sight of what was going on on stage. Finally, he succeeded to call Lestrade and only when he picked up John realised that he could hardly speak aloud without being heard. So he tried to whisper as urgently as possible; unfortunately the background noises of a driving car seemed to drown him out. When Greg shouted, “John, is that you?”, into the speaker, John reflexively hung up, afraid Greg’s yelling could be heard all through London. One handedly he texted,
"Of course I know. But I can. These are… I want to play them for you. This is the biggest collection of Christmas Carols of all different kinds I could find. There are classical pieces, even historical ones that even I don't know, as well as modern songs that might be to your liking. Also, for all carols there are the original and
He forced himself to keep walking, not to look back. Nothing good would come from that. He was certain about it. He had thought about it thoroughly. All the time. He had made a decision. It was better this way.
He squeezed his eyes shut, a fresh wave of heat rolled through his body. He took a deep breath, opened his eyes and looked at the mess he'd made. There was nothing left to save, he just gave up. He crumpled the fabric where it was soiled and used the rest to wipe and clean hands and belly and groin area. After a short check he deemed his clothes tolerable and redressed himself. There was nothing to it, he had to do some laundry tomorrow. There also still was the evidence of yesterday night's incident hidden behind his backpack next to the sofa. Maybe it wouldn't look too suspicious if he'd just wash all his bed linens.
Miss Pirate though only stretched languidly. Approvingly, she ran her fingers over own body, flipping and wiggling the paper of her tonight's earnings with a saucy smirk and wink to the audience. Fully aware of the effect it had she was showing off her long limbs—legs exaggerated by heels that could be used as a murder weapon, arms looking surreally long reaching up along the dancing pole, which she was gripping high above her head.
Shit! Shit shit shit! John frantically searched the room, scanning the slightly confused faces of the audience. His stomach dropped in dread when he spotted the empty chair of John’s freshly chosen new arch enemy. Fuck! Not good. Not good at all! What to do? What to dooooo?
fingers twitching and picking at the cuticles; biting the inside of his cheek until the satisfying taste of iron filled his mouth; tight panicky feeling in his chest with an increased respiratory rate
Placing his feet on the cold wooden floor he hissed, a chill creeping up his shins. Goosebumps made his skin tingle, and there was an unknown thrum in his ears. A sort of numbness damping all his senses.
“You might possibly have been right that waxing isn’t the most convenient method of hair removal for all body parts.” Sherlock blushed and John instantly wondered what his madman had been up to again. Because
“Not quite. Scott indeed happens to be my name. Although not the one I usually go by and that is already much more information than is in any way reasonable to share.”
If only he knew how long Scott would be available. Or that he’d wait for John. Or if only John could give Scott a heads up. Although — maybe that’d be an option. It was at least worth a try…
“You wouldn’t have invaded Afghanistan either without proper training in the army, would you, Captain?” Scott said, sounding sulky.
Mind fogged, body boiling from desire, ready to burst, John slid one of his hands down and wrapped it around Sherlock's still untouched and lace covered cock.
"And I love that! And I enjoy it! And I won't have it any other way! I hope you know that!" he said sternly, holding Sherlock's gaze unrelentingly. "You do, don't you?"
"Oh thank God," John said under his breath. He leaned forward and dotted Sherlock's face with tiny little kisses, which left tingling specks behind until Sherlock's whole face felt like it was covered in sparkling glitter. "You're amazing," John whispered. "That was unbelievable." Between two kisses. "Jesus Sherlock." Pressing their foreheads together.
John sucked in a sharp breath when said hand slipped into his trousers, even his pants, without any hesitation.
“Oh… I bet you did.” Spider-guy said smugly. “You naughty boys. Can’t keep your hands off each other, can you?” He chuckled playfully. But neither of the mayflies seemed to get the joke and empty eyes just stared out of empty heads.
John tried not to wait for it, not to have his hopes up, but the longer there was no response to his texts the deeper his heart sank. When the impatience and insecurity got the better of him, he couldn't resist.
All good and well, if he could just stop thinking about the man owning that voice. Why couldn't he just store The Voice in his bedside table's drawer alongside the bottle of lube and his porn magazines and be happy. Why obsess over a ghost? It was like an earworm that kept ringing in one's mind over and over, impossible to stop.
He was back now, wasn’t he? Wasn’t that all that counted? Wasn’t that what Sherlock had worked towards the whole time of his exile? It was supposed to make John happier or at least less gloomy.
Sherlock stared at the screen, blinking and blinking and blinking. This… was ridiculous! And definitely not what he had expected. Not at all. He read the reply again. And for a third and fourth and fifth time. But it didn’t change. The hotson-person seemed to be serious about this.
Both men on the sofa jumped. They had totally forgotten about the presence of another person, too engulfed in the moment.
He was standing at the window again. Observed the long shadows, only the rooftops still bathed in sunlight, people now wearing cardigans or light jumpers. Mrs Hudson watching one of her pre prime time series. The smell of something oven baked hanging in the air. How long had they been on the phone? It hadn't felt that long. But then, time never felt long when spent with John Watson. Actually, it never felt long enough.
“John?” Sherlock sounded slightly alarmed but complied with John’s instructions without hesitation anyway.
Watching Sherlock, John was reminded of a fairytale by Hans Christian Andersen his mother once told him when he had been a wee thing. About the Red Shoes. A little girl that had to dance and dance and dance until she was totally exhausted. All that as punishment for her arrogance and disobedience and stubbornness.
“John, but it’s been you who…” Sherlock pulled slightly back, scrunching the bridge of his nose, which made John only grin broader, his heart flowing over from the affection he felt for his man.
tight?” He knew he was dragging it out, hoping Scott wouldn’t snap at any point. And even though this was just a random hotline call — no strings attached, right? — the danger of overstepping an invisible line was thrilling. He wasn’t sure he was willing to admit to which extent exactly it added to his arousal.
Sherlock huffed as if that was one impossible thing to ask of him. He discarded the item in question and his scarf and shoes and padded sock-feeted into the living room.
Suddenly it hit him that he didn’t have to. He didn’t have to look away, to hide. He was allowed. The realisation surged through his body like a jolt and like an out-of-body experience he watched himself walk into the sunlit room, familiar and yet brand new to his eyes. He could see the whole picture now; the room spacey but accessible; the building old, shabby, run-down but about to be rebuilt; the windows high up and dirty but the light poured in through the cracks; the shadows barely visible from this angle, retreated into the nooks.
"It didn't start until some days ago. Actually, immediately after your fall down the stairs. Maybe you've hit your head after all, causing damage to your short-term memory and you just keep forgetting what you wanted to do. That could be the reason why you've been constantly stopping in action lately. You must be trying to remember what you were about to do…"
John could only barely hold back from spitting his disdain at the man's feet. The man turned and ridiculously wiggled his fingers at John.
While hurrying away Sherlock shouted over his shoulder, “Keep up, John! Suddenly I have the urge to go home and have... dinner! With you!”
Sitting up a little straighter Sherlock continued: “I came to the conclusion that it would be in both our interests, John’s and mine, to part ways and live separate lives from now on. I’m sure this could be arranged without your help, but I need a guarantee that John will be safe and looked after. I’d prefer him to lead a comfortable life in which he wouldn’t need to miss anything. First of all, there would be a flat to be arranged. I assume that should be within your power. He will need a different job too, as he wouldn’t have any income without being my partner in The Work any more.”
But when he had been startled by loud music filling the air, he had turned and had seen Sherlock in the middle of the room; dressed totally non-typical-Sherlock, but undeniably him. Sherlock had been swaying on his feet. John couldn’t avoid taking in the sight before him. Sherlock had appeared small and lost and lonely. His shoulders sagged, face pale, the otherwise posh and deliberately styled curls in disarray, eyes closed.
John was baffled, this wasn’t what he had expected, most definitely not what he had hoped for. Apart from that he hadn’t anticipated this much wrath and anger. He took a cautious step in Sherlock’s direction, holding a shaky hand up as a peace offering.
Sherlock only huffed and shifted a bit in John’s arms; most likely sitting in the same position was a bit uncomfortable after the rough treatment he had inflicted on himself. The blush John could spot on his cheekbones also indicated that he was either abashed or flattered by John’s words. Or both.
For the last chapter I forgot to mention that those ridiculous mascara brands really exist! So here's a link for those of you who want mascara that is
With Sherlock suddenly coming into action and stretching his long limbs and bowing his upper body, making John even more aware of his physicality and his hidden strength, John snapped back into reality. He watched Sherlock’s curls swaying, watched how he slowly moved backwards, stretching his legs, tracing circles with his toes. A slight sheen of sweat formed on Sherlock's skin. God, he felt the need to run his fingers down that back, follow the traces the droplets had taken down Sherlock’s spine.
John stopped in his tracks and turned back to Sherlock again. He was wary about replying or not and hated himself for it. Was this the moment when everything he dwelled on last night was coming true? Sherlock cold, aloof, not letting him in on his thoughts, rejecting, even downright… mean to him? All of Sherlock’s posture made unmistakably clear that for him the conversation was finished. So John flinched and didn't dare to broach the topic. He hated himself for his own cowardice.
To make it all worse John took his time today. Sherlock wondered why he had to meet Lestrade outside of work at all. What did he talk about with Lestrade that he couldn’t just tell Sherlock? Everything Lestrade had to offer had to do with cases of which Sherlock knew much in more detail anyway. And he could just as well have “a pint” at home. Sherlock would even measure it for him. If needs must Lestrade would be allowed to stay for a moment as well. Damnit, what was taking him so long? Sherlock would much rather pretend to read with John sitting across from him pretending to read as well. So much more fun.
"God… You!" he growled, nibbling on Sherlock's bottom lip, flicking his tongue playfully against the tip of Sherlock's who was trying to get past his lips to invade his mouth. "Turn…" he rasped, patting Sherlock's hip. When the man didn't react immediately he repeated more urgently, reaching for Sherlock's thigh to pull, "Turn! Come here! I want to taste you, too…"
He didn't realise how the day went by. Mrs Hudson walking in and out of the sitting room just side-eyed him worriedly. She had long stopped talking after the first few attempts to engage Sherlock into a conversation without getting any reaction from the man whatsoever.
Quickly stripping off his clothes and shoes Sherlock changed into his tights. He welcomed the comfortable feeling of the fabric stretching around his hips and thighs.
He was pulled out of his thoughts by an ear-piercing squee and an all too familiar low rumbling laughter. It was just… He wouldn’t have expected to hear that kind of laughter here. He already wanted to turn to look for his partner, starting to call, “Sher…” over the heads of people, when Sherlock glared at him angrily and turned to ignore him completely.
Now he knew, did it change anything? Apart from making his own misery even worse? Now he knew what was on offer, what he had to reject? This wasn't about a convenient and additionally comfortable flat-share anymore. Not just about a friendship. Not even about a best friendship at that. No, he had to reject the one thing he wanted most in the world. The person he wanted most. John.
He was on his way to open the door, when Anthea spoke again: “You are kindly asked to wait in the car for Mr Holmes.” Immediately afterwards she let herself out and John was left alone. Through the windscreen he saw the cab containing Sherlock pull from the kerb. This whole thing was more and more confusing by the minute.
The man jerked, but laughed and the air was cleared again from all dust from a past long ago, remnants of a life they both had left behind the moment they had first laid eyes on each other.
"Redhead?" Sherlock seemed at a loss. He rolled over to lie on his side now, propped up and leaning on one elbow.
“Sure,” John said with more confidence than he felt. “Off you go, Miss Pirate. Wouldn’t wanna miss your cue!” And they made their way through the eerily quiet street.
Also, in all other aspects regarding him and his life, there wasn't much to be desired. He wasn't even sure he’d be able to...perform. Thus, club and chat up was definitely ruled out. The only other option though was... a brothel? Sex for money? He’d have to kindly ask for a discount shag considering his meagre army pension. Not sure if it would even be enough to finish a quick blow job. It wasn't even worth going out and hitting the streets for some halfhearted licks up his prick. Then better retreat to his well trained left hand... For that though, he might use some inspiration other than the predictable porn he usually made use of.
"Don't be stupid, John. Of course I want you here. What would I do with your present otherwise? Would be a waste."
"No, John. Nope! Definitely not!" Sherlock shouted. "I'm not including Mycroft or Lestrade in this. I won't hear the end of it!!" Sherlock cringed at the thought alone.
Sherlock nodded, swallowed hard. He felt slightly sick, they way one was after too many drinks, or on a rollercoaster.
“Get it mate.” one of them said, barely containing himself. “Take… care, then” he added with a much to obvious wink, padded the other guys on the shoulders and they left to get a drink. Or leave. Or whatever. John didn't care.
"You and Sherlock have dinner all the time though…," Greg deadpanned, which made John cough in response.
John was so enraptured by the stranger that he was lost for words. But when they stood up with an eyebrow raised in a mocking gesture, John hurried to stutter: “Yes. But… why.. I… How did you know?” John shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other .
He had misjudged the severity of John's discomfort. He had obviously wanted out of their living arrangement much more desperately than Sherlock had expected.
"Arthur Conan Doyle. Didn't you read him? I thought you were so fond of crime novels and detective stories." His only weapon, a sharp remark. Offence. Sarcasm. He was aware how transparent his attempt was. He had no other guard left, he was close to losing. He could feel it.
In the end he made his way along the edges, to not unnecessarily disturb Sherlock, to the nook at the opposite side. He found the source of the music and turned it off.
“No, Sherlock, listen,” John stopped him, again, getting slightly irritated, his patience wearing thin, “that’s bullshit…
Sherlock's moans became one non-stop string of needy noises around John's cock and he thrust frantically into John's mouth. John let it happen and stroked Sherlock's shaft, rock hard in his hand, in time with his movements. It all became one mind-blowing circle of give and take. Quite literally 'mind-blowing' John's foggy brain confirmed; this must be what they call to fuck one's brains out. John was lost in the rising desire Sherlock's talented mouth on his cock created, swelling in his lower belly, merging with the pleasure of feeling Sherlock under his hands, in his mouth, tasting him, hearing him…
In the end, together they managed to shimmy him out of his denims; with some awkward hopping, a lot of affectionate giggles and stolen kisses whenever possible. It was as if now they had given in they weren’t able to stop; not that John wanted to. Not at all. If it were up to him, he would spend the rest of his life kissing these lips.
I'm very pleased to present you this chapter in time with my update schedule!!! I wouldn't have expected that to be possible, but here we are... mostly due to my extraordinary betas!!! I can't promise the same for the next chapters though... To make it all less frustrating (for you and for me) I'll probably rather post (more) short-ish chapters with short breaks than long-ish chapters with long breaks. I hope that is in all your interest; that'd also mean that I have to up the chapter count as we go (as you can already see happening 😄...)
The moment he limped inside the club, leaning heavily on his walking cane, he regretted even more that he had come.
When the hand started pumping his erection, he threw his head back. It thumped hard against the wall and he couldn't hinder the muffled cry that escaped his throat. It didn't take long; he felt the pleasure and heat build immediately; too many impressions, to many sensations had coiled up this evening and now urged to burst free.
"Is that any better, John? Any more honourable? Why?" Sherlock tilted his head and studied John, seemingly sincerely curious now. "The majority of those persons, those sex workers you're apparently looking down on, are earning their money by working hard, mostly under terrible conditions. They aren't hurting anyone!" He now stated very emphatically without being accusatory. "There is no evil intent behind their work! If anything, they're helping society by occupying individuals who would seek their pleasure in other much less desirable ways. So... John," he watched John, puzzled and apparently honestly interested, "tell me, why is their work any less worthy of your respect? Why do you think you're entitled to put yourself above them? And for the record—I've never been a sex worker. And I've already told you that!” Sherlock looked expectantly at him.
Absolutely desperate, Sherlock kept turning, running, rushing through the room, from one corner to the other; forwards or backwards? He couldn’t choose, once again torn between two forces. Which was the right direction? His feet sliding, slowing, his upper body bending, bowing, arms and legs flexing; even his feet changing from being stretched to being bent; feeling the stretch in his calves, his flanks, his neck. Every single muscle in his body struggling; each of his loved terms for the movements forgotten, lost in numbness.
“Well, if you continue your way up my legs… with your hands… or your mouth…” Scott murmured, silkily smooth and seductive, “you’ll eventually encounter pubic hair, not trimmed, relatively dark, if that was the desired information…" Christ, he really was a wicked wanker! "Oh yes, almost forgot…” he added, clearly enjoying himself, “there'd also be my scrotum holding two fully functional testis and… my cock.”
"Make that one more on your list to be punished for!" John licked one hot wet stripe up Sherlock's exorbitantly long and enticing neck. Just underneath his earlobe, one of Sherlock's most sensible spots, he latched on and sucked hard.
“What… like… under the tap?” Scott’s voice was tilting slightly in his confusion. John had to laugh despite himself.
“First of all, he isn’t MY dear doctor! He never was, as you are well aware; and second, I’m certain he’d agree to this arrangement without hesitation.” Sherlock pointed out stubbornly.
With that being the current mood in 221b, in retrospect, John should have been suspicious about the sudden contentment.
Sherlock made attempts to shift, looked uncomfortable with what John was saying. His lips twitched as if trying to find a counterargument.
To have some hold in the real world he thread his fingers into Sherlock’s curls. He might have underestimated the force with which he had tucked at them, because Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath through his teeth. However, the fingers digging hard into the muscles of his arse and the wanton thrust pushing their cocks together even firmer indicated that Sherlock didn’t seem to mind in the slightest.
He couldn't wait any longer, he couldn't. It wasn't humanly possible to resist this man. So he met Sherlock's searching mouth once again and kissed him passionately.
It had been the night after the events of the pool and they'd sat there and come to the conclusion that they needed a tool to communicate with one another which only the two of them would understand. They couldn’t rely on a look and a nod as agreement to die together. And if they had any say in it they’d rather avoid that particular outcome. Better come prepared the next time.
not happen.” He slowly shook his head without leaving Sherlock out of his sight. “Not if I have any say in it.”
"As did I, John. I think it's safe to say that it was quite a bit more than just "dashing" what you looked like in that suit." John wasn't sure if he had imagined the shiver that ran through the body he held in his arms, but before he could dwell on it, Sherlock spoke again, "And I'm more than sure that I wasn't alone in thinking so considering the looks that followed you throughout our stay. It wasn't easy to stay on that stage and watch you seducing the entire audience."
