“Didn’t have to die twice before figuring that one out.” He muttered silently, not meant for Crowley to hear but to his dismay it seemed to catch the demons attention.
– Dean thought as he remembered what Cas said edging him before- but those thoughts were quickly clouded as Castiel’s dick nudged at Dean’s fun-bun. Repeatedly, as if the slight uppity bent of Cas’s dick was made just for this.
“You suffer from a concussion.” Cas stated, walking over to Sam. He brushed away the long locks of chestnut hair from Sam’s face which at this point looked just as pale as the bed-sheets they slept on. “I should heal you,” He murmured silently as he observed the torment Sam was in. It could all be over with a single touch.
“Angel of the lord…” He muttered, thinking about how much he had deteriorated in his self-pity. He hardly recognized himself anymore. Had this been years ago he would never have believed that a single man could influence him like this. –
. Charlie had come up with the idea to play a mixture of truth or dare and spin the bottle. Sam and Dean had scoffed at this at first, seeing as it felt childish. But Charlie looked so enthusiastic and happy, so they couldn’t tell her no. They soon found themselves lost in having a great time, it had been a great idea and a nice contrast to the seriousness of their everyday life. It had been so fun in fact that Dean and Charlie didn’t want to go to bed yet, especially when Castiel came. It would be nice to see the angel loosen up from his normally well behaved manors.
, he could see it clearly as he analyzed the man in the mirror. His face was bedazzled with sharp and dark stubble and his hair were greasy enough that it could stand on its own. He hadn’t showered for days, and freshening himself up wasn’t something worth spending his grace on. He hadn’t even cleaned his clothes, nor changed them for that matter since he had left Sam. The only thing he had removed was his trench coat who still was muddy and bloody from both Dean and Metatron... and Crowley. It was neatly folded over the end of the bed frame.
to see. The name Sam escaped his dry lips as he reached out a pale hand towards him, weak and heavy just like his throaty voice appeared.
Dean let that thought sink in for a moment as he glared at Crowley who tip toed over the water puddles on the floor and for some reason folding Dean’s duvet neatly back on the bed. Those nasty and chubby fingers of him... growing larger and coming closer at him by each second. Dean tilted his head.
Again, Dean was interrupted as Castiel’s damn fingers found themselves back on his skin… and while he himself grimaced, Cas’s sad expression turned into one with daring pupils, dark and fascinated over the touch. Instead of
Castiel flinched, hearing the sudden banging of the front door and spun around to peek out from the bathroom. He squinted his eyes, feeling nervous as he saw the shadow of a man crouching by the windows, trying to peep inside through the blinds, swiftly alternating between different angles and levels.
“No, Dean… It’s not easy... We need assistance,” Castiel mouthed in heated breaths at the crook of Dean’s neck, while his strong and silky hands stroked down at his waist. Dean stretched out his chin and body to accommodate the angel’s sweet touches, and moaned softly as the kiss-swollen lips tickled at his skin. Cas muttered in satisfaction and pushed Dean down onto the bed, rolling on top now to grind their cocks together for the X:th time with the weight of his body, and boy - it felt great to be pinned down like that. “Mmmhm… In case you haven’t noticed our progress is halted by… Well, fornication.”
Dean screamed, jolting awake at the satin of his hotel bed. Sweat was pearling at his temples and made him feel more stickier and gross than he was moments ago, trapped in his lucid unconscious once more. It had been another sleep where he couldn’t shake off the feeling Cain tried to force feed into his mind about his best friend. Every time he fell asleep at night he’d wake up dreaming about it, how absolutely fucked up he had felt a few nights ago when his mind went loco after hearing that Crowley had gone after the first blade. How he had met with Castiel. The fury Dean had felt was sickening, twisted and wrong- like a possessive serial killer wanting to protect what’s
. And both of them hummed together in pleasured melodies. Castiel stroked Dean's hair and mumbled praises. And Dean stroked at his thigh, and squeezed out the last of their cum.
“I will wash with intent and see to my personal grooming.” Castiel answered, eying down at his grown nails and the orange tainted grub underneath the lengths of his whites, a memory from the cheese doodles.
and lastly some nonsense that Dean could only guess was enochian. Moaning with each twitch his hips made as he kept coming.
Cas looks up as if he can't believe Dean just asked for that. When Dean nods once again, Cas reaches out to squeeze Dean's left hand before trailing his hand up to his shoulder, wrapping his fingers around it, one after the other. The look in his eyes is pure and utter wonder, and affection, and it makes Dean's stomach spin.
Castiel pulls boxer briefs over muscular, hairy legs, then steps into his pressure pants and a shirt that hugs his body tight around his chest and… well, that ass is something Dean noticed, obviously, but in those pants—
When they do finally break apart, Dean suppresses a sigh. Part of him just wants to go for it. Cas looks at him all weird – eyes wide and lips slightly open, vulnerable almost, like he's waiting. Dean's fingertips tingle with the need to touch, so he cups Cas' cheek in his hand. There's rough stubble and a defined jawline and the thought to just lean in and plant one on this angel is both thrilling and scary.
“The difference between,” Dean changes his voice to a mocking, cheerful and high-pitched tone, “'Oh gee, I would wish for your penis to enter my anal cavity', or,” and while Cas almost broke into a smile, there, Dean lowers his chin, stares darkly at Cas and drops his voice about an octave as he growls, “Cas, I want to you fuck my ass so hard I can't sit tomorrow.”
“The canned beans should make up for it,” Cas says, then, squinting at the label as he keeps the can at arm’s length. “And they provide a protein source.”
Dean is still nowhere to be seen, so they go to bed — Eileen in an extra room, Sam in his berth. If he wasn’t so exhausted and if he didn’t trust that Eileen wouldn’t go anywhere in the upcoming heat, he’d be too riled up to sleep.
Dean does visit Bobby on Tuesday and they don't watch Jeopardy but reminisce over beers all afternoon until Dean heads over to the Roadhouse for game night. Cas accompanies him to Bobby's, mostly drinking with Ellen for shits and giggles, but skips game night afterwards in favor of hanging out at home. He needs his alone time, too.
For a few moments, they are quietly munching on bacon and sausages, sharing the only fork Dean brought to shovel scrambled eggs into their mouth – in Dean's case – or taking careful bites of only the soft, big chunks – in Cas' case.
Cas pulls off, leans down, eyes connecting with Dean's as he licks at the base, at coarse blonde hair, and eases his fingers from their hold around the shaft. Fingertips trail lower as Cas' tongue laps upwards, all the way to the top, before he closes his lips around him again, bops down once, twice.
Neither one of them pays their cocks any attention, laying plump and heavy next to each other, but they are still rubbing together with every move.
Really, sliding off the couch and kneeling in front of Cas is only so Dean can take a proper look at him.
He trails his fingertips closer to Cas' crack, dips his index finger low against it. 'May I?' he asks, tries to put that inflection of cheekiness into it.
After they get up and get dressed, Dean runs his hand through Cas' hair, tells him, “I like it when you look like you just rolled out of bed.”
“We’re looking for this woman,” Dean taps at the data file, the short snippet that they took from the security tape, and throws it over the screen for Crowley to view. “Name’s Mary Winchester.”
He sighs. Cas places a kiss on top of his head. Places kisses over his forehead, down his temples, to the shell of his ear, against his jaw, soft little things that barely register, airy and light as a butterfly when they land on his lips. They kiss, again, and again, until Dean feels his heartbeat slow down and his hands stop shaking around Cas' middle.
Wordlessly, Dean goes to stand beside Cas, tips his hip against the bench as he puts his arm around his shoulders. It's an easy enough gesture.
On a side note, his cock is a twitching traitor and his brain hasn’t been this confused since puberty. He doesn’t look at Naomi when he leaves the holding cell.
And this is definitely food for thought, this is something for later. This is what he could have, and Cas seems to get that, now, too. He stares up at Dean, wondering, “What's the difference? Of wording it like that?”
Sam cackles after him before he realizes that Dean is his ride, not that it makes any difference in heaven. “Do you have any idea what I had to suffer through during the decade and then some, before you died? Being the perpetual third wheel?”
Dean and Jo finish and clean up. Dean puts an arm around her shoulders when she throws the cleaning rag into the sink. “I'd say that's a job well done for the two of us.” And puts two shot glasses in front of her.
With a yawn, he gets up, uses the bathroom down the hall and realizes that in heaven, there's no morning breath, and indeed, no hangover. It's entirely too early to think about anything, though.
Dean's brain isn't firing on all cylinders, or on all at once, and it takes him a moment before he can make himself put one foot in front of the other.
“You two might look like the buffoons you are, but you aren’t stupid. You know I’m not sitting here and having you get data for me for funsies. If you are down to be more involved in a worthy cause, I might be able to reach out my feelers. And trust me, I know where to prod.”
He goes all out — they’ll get a new fuel cell today, and they are going to replenish their water supply before they head out towards Geuse, so he doesn’t need to be stingy with either. A hot shower dissipates the remaining aches and relieves the tension that all the sex couldn’t — or that it’s created. Dean is sore in places he didn’t know he could be sore in. It’s
Castiel squinted as he watched how the corner of Sam’s lip had curled up tightly to his ears. His laughter soon filled the car and Sam shook his head in between glances towards the angel. “That’s…” Sam chuckled and brushed his hair back from his face. “40 years in hell, and Dean still wanted
“Yes, it seems to be a lead to my grace.” Castiel answered but he couldn’t force his voice to match the good news because of one tiny detail. He hadn’t felt the presence of his grace back in the library when he searched for the angel tablet. It couldn’t be there, but somewhere else, otherwise he would have sensed it. Time being of the essence, this couldn’t possibly be his first priority. His mission was to get Dean back to the bunker and make amends for his desperate action. The grace would have to wait.
“No, his wellbeing is more important than locating my grace.” Castiel said as in a quiet fashion. Eyes suddenly feeling tired all of a sudden. The weakness of his human vessel was growing stronger every day, and he had wasted a week feeling sorry for himself in his solitude.
Dean could feel Cas's cock twitching, hear how Cas’s voice began to tremble and crack in between his panting, feeling the salty taste slowly creeping. So good when Castiel thrust his full length in and Dean gagged, out of breath, tears flowing and nails digging into Castiel's thighs.
For some reason he found himself pacing through the paths of a cemetery, and he couldn’t recall how he got there. The only thing he knew was that he wasn’t frightful or even confused. It felt peaceful to be there and natural in a way. Castiel always thought of cemeteries as they were, a final place of rest, and he allowed himself the relaxation of breathing fresh air which lacked the static noises of busy souls.
The voice grew louder and sharper. Eventually morphing into a deafening ring, piercing through his ear drums in the ghastliest torment. He would’ve cupped his ears if it weren’t for the sudden bolt of pain striking his head like a thunder, throwing him off balance. Dean wheezed in distress and grappled a nearby tree for support, all he could do was scream his lungs out and seam his eyes shut. Flashes appeared before his eyelids, pictures that flooded him through the blurry clouds of forgetfulness, burrowing deep into his brain like rusty nails.
Dean’s squirming grew tripled in aggression as he went full on panic-mode, realizing that the sensation wasn’t a weird one, it was in fact very much familiar to him, but the context was all wrong, because he felt it with Castiel. And he sure as hell shouldn’t feel like that with Castiel.
That further annoyed Dean. He crossed his arms and leaned his back against the bedframe, gaining a full view of Castiel on his right side and Sam on his left side. The angel standing by the corner, Sam still close by the door and Dean himself in the middle.
Dean felt himself being nudged by Cas, his friend, an angel, into the abyss of unwelcome pleasure, but so good that he almost forgot all about it as his cock twitched and exploded into his boxer, so dirty feeling, without even being touched hands on,
Dean turned the shower on and made it a cold one to fully awaken his senses and logic. As the water landed on his body he let out an embarrassingly sharp shriek, feeling as if his skin was attacked by icicles. The shocking temperature change made him aware of muscles he normally wouldn’t see or feel, such as those plopping up through the pie and beer nourished stomach of his, just a little more fluffy than Sam’s he argued.
Usually as of late, he should only feel it with himself… in his bed, in the shower or wherever he was alone with his laptop.
Dean finally took a breath as Castiel backed away from his dick with Dean-sauce dribbling down the corner of his mouth. And Dean could see that he was in that damn purring state again. The angel hummed pleased as he climbed up snug against his body, stopping once and a while to sniff and plant ticklish kisses on his skin.
“I want it. I want you,” Dean mumbled through their kissing before burrowing his nose behind Castiel’s ear to smell his musk. Whispering his name “Castiel,” against the fold.
and literary exploding himself to kill of the army of angels, he and Sam would’ve been dead quicker than Dean was able to chug a beer. After that Metatron soon plunged at Sam, which was when Dean stepped in the middle to save his brother. Castiel who was inside the library must’ve managed to break the tablet about the same time that Metatron had plunged a blade into his chest.
Castiel placed the framed photo down again, his hand brushing past the headphones of Dean’s Walkman. He wasn’t much for music himself. More so he found the sounds of nature and the world living and breathing to be soothing enough. The rustles of the leaves as wind struck, the call of a raven, children playing in the rain and laughter from inside a bar. But Dean loved music,
Dean would face palm his nose bloody if he could, because it wasn’t just the fact that Cas was nude; he had dried, white and crisp gunk
Castiel suddenly relaxed and snuggly purred against his earlobe in a dazed bliss. It stirred up more forbidden emotions. And it was still just nonsense coming out of Cas’s mouth, but the way he purred and mouthed at his earlobe was insanely hypnotizing. Dean hadn’t even noticed Cas’s hand running down on him above the bed-sheet, sneaking it’s way underneath to his stomach.
The angel’s cheek twitched at the cold of the lube as Dean poured a generous amount on his cock before tossing the bottle aside, and he hummed deeply as Dean spread it out evenly with his hand. Cas steadied his hands on Dean’s thighs, digging his nails into him and bucking his hip into Dean’s fist on a reflex – and Dean shivered thinking about that motion inside him.
” He whispered again on a sob, carefully thrusting his hips into Dean’s mouth while holding his head still by the fringe… and Dean moaned, feeling his cock slowly nudge the back of his throat, almost wanting to gag, just because
And Dean would repeat it every time Cas demanded it, throughout wet intense kisses, shadowed by Castiel’s orgasm filling Dean up in the sweetest way.
Dean dug his nails into the angel’s shoulders, just now realizing how the tip of Cas’s dick was peeking out above his waistline and pressing at Dean’s stomach. And it made him moan into the kiss, and press back against his lips.
He had been occupied with this it all day, moving from one dead body to another and piling them up like an anthill of a putrid massacre. He felt himself forced to. Doing this,
- sexually head over heels in love to the point of only thinking about one thing – Dean-ass plus Cas-dick equals insertion. So he straddled him – flushed boners rubbing against each other once again, but not for long.
“Bloody- you really are a toddler…the other side!” He barked and waited impatiently for the spot to finally be wiped away. Dean abided, because else it looked as if Crowley was ready to pop out his handkerchief and do the job for him –
The night progressed, and the more intoxicated Dean got by both alcohol and demonic numbness, the more fun he allowed himself to have. No longer a worry wart. The king and knight of hell devoured more than a bottle each of whiskey and gambled themselves rich at the poker table, leaving gloomy men the fate of an early night.
“But? Cas come on, be real with me!” Sam said and grabbed Castiel’s shoulder, forcing him into eye contact. Castiel limply abided. He deserved it; every violent tug Sam would throw at him.
“Not sure I’m feeling it tonight.” Dean replied as he folded the leather casing his knifes was in. It was another lie though. In truth he had planned to go to a bar and drink himself into oblivion. Just to forget about all of the blood and his own curse that made him go berserk because of Cas. The angel that he wanted to forget too. Both because of the shameful fact that he had rubbed one out because of him, but also that what he did was wrong. Cas was so new to these stuff that he had no chance of knowing, and as much as Dean was angry at him- the vulnerability of Cas made him feel like shit. The angel had no way of knowing. It was wrong and shouldn't have happened. He wouldn't have allowed it to happen if he could.
“Hey… Cas, look…” Sam said with a sympathetic smile. It was admirable how caring Sam was, despite feeling hurt he still felt the drive to comfort him. The wellbeing of others had always been something important to him, perhaps even more so than his own. “Dean doesn’t hate you, the
. He didn’t remember once in his life where he had been carrying notes on his body. His memory was explicable as all other angels, and the size of an endless encyclopedia. He didn’t need
So good he humped a final thrust in his fist, firing the canon and angling his dick upwards to let the come rain down on him. Pretending it was Cas’s semen spurting on his stomach and dribbling down on his trimmed pubic bone… and he moaned and groaned the angels name, wheezing out a
Was he even cold anymore? Despite his bare body being exposed to the dampness of the air and lack of sun, the goosebumps on his skin felt corrupt as if they had changed origin. He felt greed. An insatiable hunger roaring deeply from his gut along with the nausea, and the thought of feeding it tickled his nervous system as if he were bathing in a fizzy drink.
“Perhaps.” Castiel nodded. Sam was right about Dean’s temperament, and it was only logical for it to be exaggerated now, but in his heart he still found disbelief.
“Ah, so that’s what this is about?” Dean said and dropped his sandwich. Crowley had ruined his appetite.
“Darling, you think so little of me. I love Dean, he’s always been the better looking one of the two… I mean damn, he sure can sport a pair of denims,” Crowley said as if his feelings were hurt. ”It’s interesting for you to mention though, the blade that is. Let’s trade information. I give pointers to Dean- and you give me pointers to the blade” He uttered the words like a true salesman, which was exactly what he was. A crossroads demon seeking out a new deal that would gain him, and only him. His intentions were naked to Cas. The means to take advantage of Dean. A powerful trophy to sit beside his ruling throne in hell. A subject for his convenience.
Dean cried with tears streaming down his cheeks, this whole thing was crazy, but he just suddenly found that he needed to stick his dick inside that wet hole. Nothing else mattered except that, and it was weird but damn exciting and obsessing.
“It doesn’t matter, the lie was successful.” Castiel replied with lack of tone, just his normal dark and gritty voice. He didn’t want to voice his concerns. The grace was faltering but it wasn’t necessarily too low for their mission. The problem was that he’d start growing sick anytime soon if he weren’t frugal. Using his celestial strength to hold down Crowley was obligatory and something he didn’t regret. Sam was choking, and he would not let the younger Winchester suffer any permanent brain damages on his watch due to hypoxia. But it did cause him to experience a drop of energy.
Castiel didn’t listen, too occupied to sniff and breathe and lick and taste all of Dean’s naked body like the most curious, well borderline virgin. “…
repeated inside his mind and he frowned at the sensation. His mind hyperaware of how Cas’s warm tongue were twisting and turning against his own. Warm, and hot breaths in between each motion. He couldn’t turn away or push at the angel, he found himself wanting this. Actually, enjoying this. If the initials felt amazing, then this took him above the clouds because the angel kissed him just as lustfully as in pornographies. He had witnessed him doing this years ago with Meg. Of course, that’s the only way Castiel knows how to kiss.
“Please forgive me Dean for what I am about to do… and should it succeed, know that I will find a way to save you.” Castiel had then looked at him with his blue eyes that glistened like sun rays on an open sea, a gaze that felt like an emotional fire in his weakening body.
If only he had been brave enough to pull him close and tell him how much he had wanted to be there in his arms. But even at the brink of death he felt himself cowering away and refusing that piece of himself to shine through. He didn’t deserve it, the only one he could afford to show few glimpses of his inside was Sam. But barely even his brother got to scratch beneath the surface of Dean. He couldn’t allow himself to be vulnerable and weak with someone, it only hurt more when they left.
“I really can’t see the logic in being embarrassed at this point, Dean...” The angel said in a low voice as Dean squirmed beneath him, feeling the
Except for Sam. Sam would see, and Sam would understand exactly what was going on. Because Cas would probably tell him exactly what was going on. Because… Cas is Cas.
But this had all changed ever since the first time he had encountered Dean’s soul in hell. Initially he couldn’t believe that Dean was the man who could save the apocalypse. A vessel for his older brother Michael. Castiel had stood there in hell, observing him. Watching Dean gutting, slashing, and ripping at damned souls with a primal darkness. And when there was nothing left of his victims, he immediately proceeded to the next in the same morbid act.
” He sobbed, feeling wildfire creep up inside him again, making his pelvis feel like a pressure pot. His body felt limp and tense at the same time, fingers tugged at the pillow he had his head rested on while he pressed his shoulders onto the bed, and his chin down to his chest. As if he had to see what the fuck was going on down there.
and so thankful that he got to hear him speak one last time before this happy-rush would be over with.
“Uh, yeah of course. I’ll… I guess I’ll be out in the Car.” Sam said, casting a last sympathetic smile at Castiel who just stood there stiff like a stature in his corner.
His hands touched the walls as he walked, fingers bumping over the rough texture of the grainy surface and door frames. The bunker felt so familiar but also so very different, it was unusually empty without Dean there. Just himself and Sam, sharing the weight over Dean in a rather profound silence, no yelling or laughing echoed the corridors. Castiel can’t remember ever being alone with Sam like this before, though he had with Dean. Back when Sam was addicted to consuming demon blood.
Dean’s ribs felt pretty mushed, kind of like floppy bananas seeing as the angel must’ve been splayed on top of him the whole night,
Though Dean didn’t like to blame anyone for his own behavior, he knew that this - at least partly - was a product of the usual cliché of;
And in this very moment, Dean woke up with the angel still unconscious on top of him… Meanwhile something inside him suddenly felt very wrong and very different.
“Hey, Cas! Wake up, man!” Dean wheezed at the celestial’s full weight on top of his chest, thankful for a second that he didn’t actually weigh as much as the Chrysler building,
And it felt so good being ridden by him. Everything felt so good as they shared hot and bothered breaths, both of them moaning every time Dean went in further and further with his fingers, brushing past Cas’s uvula.
And Dean came hard. Spurting into Castiel’s strong and merciless hand. Again, sobbing out his moans through tears because the feeling was too much for him to hold on to. He was fleeting away in both pain, euphoria, ecstasy, and anxiety as his dick gushed out hot and sticky into the angel’s greedy palm. “
“Impressively quick, how fast you boys can jump into a new outfit. A merit attained from papa Winchester, no doubt.”
, and if anyone was going to get smacked around by the angel, it was Dean, and if anyone was going to kill the angel, it was also Dean. Learning of Crowley’s impure fingertips even attaining the slightest touch onto Castiel was amplifying the need to mark his property, and take it back in ways he never had allowed himself to fantasize about before. But not before he’d chop off the Demon’s fingers, to take the touch back in a symbolic gesture.
Dean remembers Jack giving him some food for thought. About heaven, working the way you wanted it to, but also the way you needed it to. He sees now, that he needed to find happiness in other ways than with Sam and hunting. So when Sam came along, forty years older and wiser and independent, Dean would be able to deal.
The trickle of cum, running along his inner thigh. It drips down against Cas' legs, and wondering, Cas reaches around him, follows the trail to Dean's hole, too sensitive, contracting at the touch, and he chases until Dean squirms away with a chuckle.
After a while, the scenery changes again, and the Impala roars up a slope to get on some kind of two-lane highway that seems unfamiliar. It's the roadworks, the guard rails, it's all a bit weird. Cas really pushes the gas.
Crowley looks down his nose at him, as much as that is possible over the screen. “Half of it up front, half when I’ve made sure you’ve got everything I need.”
The answer is surprisingly easy. Dean closes the gap again, licks at Cas' closed lips, turns them open and pliant against his, feels Cas' tongue curl.
When they break apart and Dean risks a glance, Sam has his hand over his mouth but is clearly grinning. “Yeah?” he asks. “No, I noticed.”
Dean doesn't bother to filter his thoughts, not any more. “I could ride you like this, you know,” he whispers, a low drawl and an upwards twist to his lips.
Castiel tilts his head sideways, shrugs and waves him off. “Well, I told you that my paperwork was legit.”
The half-handshake-half-hug they share is awkward, too many things left unsaid smoldering between them, Dean's arm stiff over John's shoulder, his hand between them at a weird angle.
of them. But he also gets why Cas still thinks Dean wouldn't want him now that he's back in his male vessel.
With a kiss, Cas distracts him as he lubes up his fingers, and then he's back, fingertip breaching him. Cas pushes until Dean gasps, then waits, eyes focused and too intense and entirely too serious.
And oh, the words 'penetrative sex' out of Cas' mouth should not be as hot and bothering as they are. Dean swallows. “I didn't mean to uh, talk it down. It was our first time together, after all.”
So... are you alright? Can I get you some water? How 'bout those 5k words of porn, huh? Hope you enjoyed! Let me know what you liked, scream at me, and also... don't forget, there's plot behind all of this, even though Dean wanted to skip out for a bit. Crowley! Rebellion! Akkarea! Coming up next week. See you then and as always, thanks for reading <3
He's never given it much thought, but it's not like he never met an angel with a sex drive. It's not like he doesn't know Cas had sex with April, or that he himself set him up for that, but it still came as a surprise. It's not like he doesn't know there are people not interested in sex at all, though he himself--
Cas' eyes are on the topped-up mugs, full to the brim, careful not to spill any over his hands. He'd probably not get burned, but surprised. But Cas not looking means Dean can stare at him all he wants – the stubble, the windswept dark hair, broad shoulders, sensible shoes - well, until he notices Ellen's curious gaze from across the room.
That's a dick, against his, with nothing between them. And it's notably getting harder the more Dean moves. Nervous energy flares up in Dean's rib cage.
“Well, d’uh. The galaxy needs to know the truth. Not to mention all the other things going wrong that people seem to just have accepted. The fact that Terrans will always be third-class citizens for a start.”
“We had a nice evening,” Dean shoots back, brushes him off with simplicity. “Charlie, too. She’s already penciling in that next date with her conquest.” Deflection is always good.
“All seven of us, you mean? They're all over the globe, but actually, Jack put a lot of thought into this rebuild. Lot of automatics, no angels needed to push buttons for eternity. There's not much to do for us,” Cas tilts his head back, empties the bottle in his hand. "We live here like humans."
And Dean does feel a lot, hugging Cas. He rests his head at Cas' shoulder and feels his heart hammering away in his chest. He smells fresh air, wet grass after a summer rain, and the generic laundry detergent of Cas' coat and his fingertips itch with the need to touch. He feels Cas' hands at his spine, pulling him closer, he feels the stubble of Cas' beard against his own. It's only weird until Dean reminds himself it's Cas. The guy that literally followed him to hell and back.
She falters for a moment, then waves him off. “Of course. Sorry, didn't mean to come off like I was rekindling old feelings. I'm actually married.”
The song is still stuck in his head when they stumble into a dingy motel room. Dean hums it, low in his throat.
Yet, Cas is here, sunlight dancing around his nose, setting his eyes alight, catching the dry ridges on his lips. All in all, that picture doesn’t appal Dean the way he expected it would.
“Aren’t you chipper,” Charlie teases. “Don’t tell me you got some? Because that’s your got-some grin.”
Dean grins, kisses the edge of Cas' lips. “Let me take care of this?” he asks, palming Cas over his pants.
And Dean looks after him with wide eyes, speechless for all of five seconds before he decides that he’s not a lovesick teenager, thank you very much, and closes the airlock.
Dean, halfway on his way to being properly drunk, gives her a gummy smile. “I'll take you up on that offer, though Baby's back seat would've been enough for me.”
Good question, really. Is it? Dean thinks about it. It's all he's thinking about, all day, every day, since he got to heaven. When did this start with Cas? And does it even matter because he knows now and Cas knows now and at least, this part is new. “Yes,” he says.
“Hey,” Dean takes a sip of his drink, tries to think of a comeback and comes up blank. “I dunno if that's an insult, Cas.”
Dean leans sideways, whispers right into Cas' ear, “I got hard, this morning, thinking about you waking me with a blowjob,” to see if he can get a rise out of him.
Dean smirks at him, lets his eyes fall closed. “Let's make a few more?” he asks, goes in for a deep kiss, tilts Cas' chin up, and lets the tension build. They've become very good at this, at innocent little kisses that turn smoking hot within ten seconds, with just a head tilt and lips giving in, turning soft and wet and pliant. Open-mouthed kisses, hungry, vigorous. Tongues meeting, breath catching, gasping for air.
Meanwhile, Mary pulls away from Sam, turns to Eileen at his side. “And Eileen. I didn't-- you're both here? How did we not know that?” And that look goes straight to Dean, who smiles a silent apology, then stares at the tips of his boots.
No matter what happens today, it doesn't change them, doesn't change who they are to each other. That, Dean is sure of.
He manages to lift his head far enough to see that no major parts are damaged, at least not as far as the sensors tell him, but something is wrong with the electronics, connections flickering, the voltage of the power lines inconsistent. The main reactor is dead, on standby, still cooling but not generating energy. The backup generator is only meant for sub-light speed, so they won’t get far with just that, especially since its fuel cell doesn’t hold the capacity.
“Motion sickness pills, for Junior, and there's bags in the glove compartment,” Becky says, handing the white-and-purple package through the open driver's side window. “Have fun, sweeties!”
is not that scary any more, somehow. If this is what he'll get, riding Cas, he will, because Cas is beautiful like this. A spark in his eyes, lips kiss-swollen and pink in his cheeks. Not to mention the hair, but that has always been a hot, distracting mess.
Dean inhales fresh forest air, and knows that he'll be here, forever. Without a job, without a purpose. There's only so many issues he can fix on Baby. That he technically doesn't need to fix.
Dean looks at the worn, olive green Henley with the buttons undone, one of his favorite shirts. Ok, so he didn't pick an overshirt today because it gets hot in the Roadhouse when you're behind the bar.
And despite all of Dean's efforts to keep this PG, Cas holds Dean right where he is, with his hand down the back of Dean's pants, and grinds up into him. Pushes that meaty thigh against Dean's half-hard dick, fingers digging into the cheek of his ass.
Cas levels him with a nonplussed look. “If by 'humanity' you mean Dean, then yes. I'd always choose him.”
Wordlessly, Dean returns to the closet, gets a pair of jeans from Cas' side, a white t-shirt, and after some consideration, a light blue plaid shirt from his own side.
Cas smirks, works his arm around Dean, too, hooking his shoulder under Dean's. “See, you always try to gloss over it, but you're a romantic at heart, Dean.”
Leveling him with a cocky stare, Dean makes sure Crowley watches as he slips the chip into the chipholder on Baby’s console. With two taps of his fingers, he shares his screen. “I’m pretty sure these are the plans you wanted. See this? Kanchu spaceport building plans. And there’s more…” he trails off, leaves the sentence hanging for emphasis.
“Aw, didn’t you have a nice date with Castiel? Or why are you so grumpy?” Sam laughs, then chugs half a bottle of water in one go.
Upon opening his eyes – and it's a testimony to how used to this he became in the last couple of days, that he doesn't flinch or anything – he finds a dark mop of hair, on his chest.
And since they have a silent agreement to sleep naked, Dean also feels Cas' dick lining up with his own.
Dean breaks the kiss, and Cas' eyes are still closed when he leans back, lips slack, just beautiful.
Dean, kneeling between Cas' knees, shuffles closer, leans into Cas' body. He knows what he must look like, eyes wide and lips gaping, still processing through his obvious arousal. “If you'd have shown up like this in the barn, back in the day, we might have gotten here sooner,” he swallows his surprise, replaces it with a lopsided grin.
Next week, we get to see some trouble-shooting, sweaty mechanics hard at work, a rescue and I promise that we'll have Cas back, too!
“What?” Dean scowls at both John as well as Mary and Sam, who have not so subtly listened in on them.
He hears it, the way Cas' voice broke. His heart thumps hard against his ribcage, thinking about his answer. The truth was the only thing he could say, as overwhelmed with everything as he was. And then--
Cas hums, low in his throat, strokes his fingers through the hair at the back of Dean's head. “Do you enjoy this?”
Dean breathes. There's that thought again, that he's not worthy to be loved by someone like Castiel, angel of the lord.
They can’t come up with a reasonable explanation and soon find themselves meandering into other topics, and admittedly, Sam kind-of shrugs it off, content with exchanging small talk with Eileen.
People, we have one more chapter to go. It won't be as long, because it's the epilogue. But you'll enjoy it. Thanks for reading this far, it's been a joy for me.
Sam had excused himself when they had turned in for the night, but it made Dean realize how much he missed what was familiar – his car, their house, the Roadhouse, their friends. Their family. They could always come back to this, here, whenever they felt like it.
Shoots him a cheeky grin, lets his eyes drop on purpose. 'Your lips, Cas. Shit. Those are going to fuck me up just
Three beers, five hours, a quick medical check on his ribs — turning a dark purple at this point, but Eileen agrees with Dean that none are broken — and a toilet break later, Sam finds Eileen gone from the common room next to the kitchen.
“Ah, nowhere in particular.” The king of hell responded innocently, but then shrugged his shoulders after a moment of silence, probably sensing that Dean didn’t believe him. “Fine, I went back. To the forest. Had to make sure the blade wasn’t there, but Castiel decided to make an entrance.”
It was just him there, everyone else were either in heaven, hell, purgatory or at home watching the lastest episode of Dr. Sexy.
” Cas said as he remembered how he had been pushing all those buttons and startled himself, following close behind Sam. A car, that was basicly a robotic animal he feared would devour him if he pressed the wrong button.
Even at the point where his victim seemed lifeless, Dean would glance up at the ceilings where his lungs were hooked and dangling out from the back of his ribcage. He did that so he could see if the life had drained out of him. Always hoping that there still were tiny grains of sand left to rest his mind, that they hadn't yet gravitated down to the bottom space of the hourglass.
“I could say sorry again, but I don’t see how telling it a third time would improve anything.” Castiel replied.
Dean just sucked his teeth with a sob at that, he felt too weak to hit back with something immature to shoo off that praise. He was at the mercy of Cas’s unfair mojo-upper-hand prodding him, though in reality he was at the mercy of his everything…  It struck him again- Castiel being an ancient being. A freaking angel at that, able to smite yellow-eyed demons at the flash of a thunder. And he was here with Dean, though maybe all because of a spell, but even before this –
Sometimes Castiel wondered if being around the Winchesters had changed him for the better or worse. He’d done so many horrible things now – and he had done it before as a warrior of god. But the difference between
“A bed would be welcome.” Castiel replied as he suffocated a yawn. He didn’t feel like arguing back at Sam. It was probably wiser to do as he wanted since he was the one with more reason at the moment. Seeing things that Cas did not.
“I don’t know, out killing, whoring, drinking- I’m not his bloody babysitter! Don’t you two peanuts get it? He doesn’t want to see you, so little in fact that he won’t get the damn blade himself” Crowley yelled and spat at Sam. Cas could hear the frustration in his voice, but it was smothered by a yelp as Sam pressed the blade harder against the demon’s throat.
Castiel stared down blankly at his phone in silence, listening to the monotone beep of the disrupted call which seconds ago had been Dean’s voice talking to him. Initially it had him dare to feel the tiniest bit of hope, although that quickly changed. From joy, to confusion at the profundity of Dean’s questions, to an overall horrible and painful experience. Dean was so angry, seemed so hurt and rightfully so. Though somewhere Cas wished and hoped that Dean would’ve understood why he couldn’t let him die. Dean should know that he would always do whatever he could in order to save him, because Dean simply means that much to him.
It elicits the sweetest noise from Cas – something between a helpless moan and a surrendering sigh, guttural and deep and going straight to Dean's cock.
“Their memory is wiped when they are reborn, so they have a chance to live better lives, enter heaven when they die. Everybody has a choice. To die and go to the Empty, resting in dreamless sleep, be reborn without knowing who they were before — or go to heaven if they're at peace,” Jack explains.
So I've seen a few speculations out there who Cas might be - any new guesses? :D And how sweet was their goodbye in this chapter?
For a moment, he lies there on the floor, boneless, panting, and just closes his eyes. They made it.
As he lies there, spent, spunk on his belly and on his hand and blissed out, he realizes he should really reciprocate. With his hand still covered in his come, he remembers. Something he heard, once. He's not yet sure if it's too much, but they can try.
This chapter needs an honest disclaimer. I know quite some people want to see John's head on a plate for what he did to Sam and Dean, and rightfully so. It's going to be emotional, but I promised no hurt, all comfort. And as the show pointed out on multiple accounts itself: the road to hell is paved with good intentions. This chapter hits close to home for me and while I won't bore you with my sob story, because it isn't one, it's a story of empowerment - so should Dean's. With that in mind, enjoy!
With a wink of his own, he puts on his most confident swagger and heads down the other side of the bar.
Dean gestures to the array of parts he salvaged, grinning proudly. “Can't wait to give Baby an update.”
Jo heads out with the tablet after they collected everything and Dean swipes the counters down while chatting with one of the patrons at the bar, a hunter named Wilfried.
Dean hums in understanding. Of course Jody would be happy to see her family again. With the rest of her family still on earth – Donna and the girls – where else would she be? But what now, indeed. Dean gets it.
Jody tilts her head at him and has that lopsided frown going on, lips pinched, and Dean just knows he put his foot in his mouth, right there. “And you know what, Dean, if you'd have either begun projecting your feelings onto others earlier or thought about what it means, you two wouldn't have danced in circles around each other for years.”
The silence stretches as they look out into the salvage yard, as Dean takes a good look at Baby, thinks about his dad buying her when spaceships for common folks weren’t all that common yet, thinks about his mom on the navigator’s seat — Sam’s, now, by default.
That’s when the intercom pings with an incoming call. Dean squints at the screen in the corner of the kitchen, then taps at the control panel on the wall next to him to accept it.
“Oh, and Rowena? No more magic,” Chuck salutes, like the dork he is. With her body almost vanished, Amara winks at Dean. It's the last he sees of them.
Dean follows. There's a workbench and quite some handy machinery he appreciates and will probably used to overhaul Baby a bit. She could need some touch-ups.
“Hey, c'mere,” Dean murmurs, as he clasps his hand around Cas' stubbled cheek, pulls him in, and even though he's squatting halfway over his chair and almost falls across the table, Cas meets him halfway. They manage a simple, dry kiss that tastes like tomato sauce and beans and beer.
He closes his eyes and lets the touch wash over him. There's nothing sexual about it, it's just comfort, as easy as breathing. After what seems like a blissful eternity, Cas rests his hand at Dean's waist and kisses the top of his head.
Sam pointedly ignores him, orders the vegan pancakes and a fruit salad. When the waitress is gone, he holds out all of three seconds before he snarks, “Dean, always with the healthy life choices.”
Castiel is looking at him, blue eyes wide open, pupils dilated, and his lashes flutter as he groans into Dean’s mouth. Dean’s cock strains against his pants, and he reaches down to rearrange himself.
Cas looks ethereal, eyes even bluer than usual in the direct sunlight, making his dark hair glitter, his grin bright and honest.
Dean allows himself to relax, silently checks in with Cas every couple of minutes, but Cas doesn't say anything without being asked either.
This time: the morning after in all its glory, the boys have to make a decision, and everyone gets a POV.
“No, we fled, after we had been living and making a life for ourselves for a couple hundred years there,” she spits, her voice slowly rising with agitation. “After a falling out with Akkarea, they… They dropped an atomic bomb on our planet, so we fled. Much like they did with Terra. This planet was the only one we could reach and hide at. We are living underground.”
He's still recovering when Cas gets that glint in his eye that means some form of stupid plan is currently in motion, and leans down to lick at Dean's navel, rolling some of his come over his tongue.
Dean kisses Cas under the fireworks at midnight and knows that for once, this year will be his best yet.
Well, he knew Sam would take the piss out of him, but this casual nonchalance about the whole matter is somehow worse. He also really can't hear this any more, the same thing over and over, the same 'oh, I knew you two were a thing'.
There was Crowley behind the door, holding a piece of paper rolled up in his hands. His eyes darting from Dean’s towel up to his eyes still stuck on vantablack. Dean could smell the mixed horror and admiration oozing out of Crowley’s skin. “Woke up frisky I take it?” he said with a smirk and brushed past Dean into the room.
He searched until the rain soaked him down through the trench coat into his shirt, and his hair were turning blacker than it already was. The fragrance had begun to spread out everywhere around him. The rain was making it difficult. As the droplets hit the air and ground it caused the aroma to fly in every direction which it probably had been doing for at least the last few hours. Castiel frowned as he found himself disoriented and spun his body around again, trying to make sense of where the highest concentration of sulfur was.
Dean groaned and bit down the bottom lip, closing his eyes again and involuntarily but desperately reached down one hand to pull out his cock, squeezing the base firmly with a tremor as if to shake off the horniness from it, or strangle his arousal. The bedsheet slid off his shoulder, but he didn’t care about that anymore being alone.
Dean gulped, not caring that he swallowed some of it before loosening himself from Castiel’s grip and unlocking the door. Opening it, he tugged the angel against himself, and they kissed and tongue danced out of the bathroom. Castiel followed in a dreamy state, probably not even aware of how Dean guided him against the bed again.
Family. Hearing that made Castiel feel a sudden warmth in his chest, even earing Sam a small smile - genuine this time - before he turned around again to venture into the corridors.
Castiel walked the halls in the corridors of the bunker, mind troubled and absent off reality. He still hadn’t been able to shake off the feeling from this morning, even as Sam had woken him up by shaking his shoulders. The action had initially amplified his horror, but he knew that reality and dreams could intertwine sometime. He had seen it in Dean and Sam countless of times whenever he’d stand watch over them sleeping despite their unawareness of him being there.
He could have anything he wanted, just like that. He’d be stronger than anything currently on this planet, and the fact that he might be able to live a life without feeling guilt or loneliness... Well, that would be something.
He wanted to tell him that it was not too late. That he’d never give up. But he couldn’t and it hurt so much. More than anything he had felt prior. Even more than when Dean had died and the faltering hope that he’d never wake up again.
?” Okay, this felt as if it was going like shit already, but he really didn’t know what else to initiate the conversation with… The conversation which he shouldn’t even have. But instead of hanging up he closed his eyes and waited for the angel’s voice to fill his senses again, delivering the next hit. His eyes furrowing as he thought of how amazing it would make him feel, so needy and embarrassed.
“Hey, we know your grace is out there now. Maybe we should focus on that for a while and take a break from moping over Dean?”
Dean gulped, alone again In his hotel room. Feeling as if the walls were expanding around him, increasing the distance of himself and the outer world. A sensation afloat in his soul that was anything but estranged when his nightly occupations would leave him to himself, moping around in his own evasive pity. Like a bug buzzing in his ear on warm summer nights after leaving the window open for too long. The bug small to see in the dark, too hard to kill, persistent to come back buzzing despite waving it away.
He scratched the back of his head and paced into the hotel bathroom, exquisite and fine with marbled tiles to fit Crowley’s acquired taste of luxury. Dean couldn’t give two shits about marbled tiles or modern chrome showers, but it was a nice change he guessed. Being in motel rooms would probably just remind him of his old life, and well, he wanted to be as far away from that as possible.
Cas didn’t wince, didn’t even think of the wet blood running down from his mouth, didn’t even sense how his taste buds were tainted with copper. It hurt, but Castiel only steadied his grip and stood his ground like an anchor. He was superior to this abomination, that he had let Crowley believe otherwise before was not a luxury he would continue to provide.
“A tenth of me is. Socks are missing.” The angel stated. Dean groaned silently. It was somewhat disappointing to hear, but then it tickled another idea.
Cas warned him though his dark voice suddenly turned uncertain. But Dean didn’t let himself be rushed, couldn’t be rushed through processing all of this that had just happened.
Because he made Cas happy, and Cas appreciated him… plus his attractiveness was amplified by infinity at the hands of the spell - so there’s that too.
expanding in slow pulsating rhythms inside him, sending vibrations all the way from down the root of his dick into the tip as his muscle was gradually stretched.
Castiel initially felt misplaced as they had encouraged him to join, but after some persuasion he soon found himself listening intently to the rules as Charlie explained. If the bottle lands on him, he gets to choose a truth or a dare. Dean had said that it was strictly obligatory to tell the truth and do the dare,
It just kept coming. Spurt, spurt, spurt. Pooling at his belly button and between his hardened abs like warm soup on a spoon.
Panic spread through his body. All the moments of where he had been avoiding his calls and text messages had grown into a painful pile of I’ll-deal-with-it-later. As much as he wanted to open the door and talk to Sam, he felt too much shame.
“SAM!” He screamed desperately into the motel room with his eyes crushed shut as the tingles spread around like a warm and handsy feeling around in his body, but his brother was nowhere to be found. Which made Dean remember that Sam had gotten lucky with a lady the previous night and never went back to the motel.
when growing up. John hadn’t exactly been the greatest role-model or father for that matter. So, if Sam was being a bitch- Dean wanted to pull his Rapunzel hair.
“Poor Moose, you really are impossible.” Crowley sighed and massaged the tension between his annoyed eyebrows. “My point is that whatever ails that tawdry, stubborn little brain of yours, would be alleviated if you got your thumb out of your ass and fetched the first blade from Humpty and Dumpty.” Crowley snapped back.
, despite the look Sam had on his face and how he held a breath as he let the information settle in his brain. The silence between them soon followed by a long exhale, and Cas sighed himself too.
The former disbelief changed. Instead it manifested itself into a deep desire and longing which spread through his whole body. The flannel, the ashy blond, the build of his figure - It could only be Dean.
Dean’s eyes widened at that. The kiss tasted off…the saliva was thick and… Well, the damn angel must have been saving his freaking jizz inside his mouth this whole time. Because what else could it fucking be? Dean shut his eyes, hard, while Cas swirled their tongues together along with their freaking saliva and his own ejac.
“So, I did die?” Dean asked, ignoring the demon’s compliment. He already knew the answer, he had moments ago remembered that he had died. But still, he couldn’t understand it. Sam hadn’t sold his soul or else he wouldn’t have torched his corpse.
He whimpered in an adorable fascination as he slid his hand inside his shirt and stroked at his chest. “
Dean looked around himself in search for any paper, seeing as the angel wouldn’t wipe off the shit himself. Groaning when he didn’t find any, and instead used the already ruined sheets to get Castiel’s finger as clean as he could get them.
Cas’s reply being one of the things that pissed Dean off to the core at this very moment. The angel had stated that he was scared he might kill himself if he went there.
“Really? Dean Winchester saying no to beer and pool?” Crowley asked with his brows raised in disbelief.
He sat up in panic and tugged the sheets around himself, but soon found that he was fully dressed and cleaned. Circling his eyes around the room he found that everything was in fact clean and in proper order.
“You think I am so foolish?” Castiel threatened and gripped at Crowley’s throat with his other hand, restricting his airways tightly and breathing in the air heavy that he denied the demon. He raised his free hand to deliver a new blow. “That I do not know what the blade risks succumbing him to?”
“I’m sorry I can’t be of any assistance, operating a vehicle... It seems like a complicated thing. Such as Dean’s Walkman
“Neither of us has never.” He scolded him meanwhile reaching his hand underneath his mattress to pull out his secret hiding place for his lube. Dean could feel the heat from inside the angel through the touch of their chests, hot like a Finnish Sauna, probably nervous as shit. Dean was too, but more than that he was desperate for relief.
“Not just any demon Squirrel, a knight of hell, last one of the kind. That makes you special.” Crowley, who sat beside him, said as he swirled around the ice cube in his glass of Glencraig. Dean licked his lips and curled them before tilting his head towards Crowley, watching as he downed the last of his whiskey. His eyes furrowed upwards, finding the demon’s word to be nothing more than stupid.
“You happy now? Brain molesting son of a bitch.” Dean scolded into the room. To Cain. It was pathetic but he felt lonely and shit enough that even an imaginative voice was welcome in his presence. As freaky as it made Dean feel sometime, what the curse did to him. Yet he preferred it over the silence, but found that with silence he was greeted.
. Cas had noticed him staring. He always tilted his head whenever he tried to figure something out. Like why Dean had stared at his stomach for a split second. Why Dean looked so embarrassed and flushed. The angel had gotten much better at emotions throughout the years, but he still couldn’t quite understand the reason behind them if it weren’t apparent to him. Obviously, he hadn’t experienced being a hormonal teen.
Ever since that moment Castiel found himself being completely engulfed in Dean’s existence, and as life progressed on earth he also realized that it was like his own existence was bonded to him.
Dean gasped and felt his whole body tense up for a few seconds. It was perfect. The sound so familiar, but now he took it in like a heroin addict shooting up a needle. It felt so good to hear him, to have him vibrate at his eardrum. The voice so gritty, so deeply dark as if he’d spent all his mornings gurgling on salt water, so flat of emotions. It resonated oddly with his own emotional shit-fest, and it felt fucking amazing.
Suddenly he heard the voice that had whispered sweet nothings into Dean’s ears yesterday… all day and almost all night. Breaking his Silence.
Squirrel. It’s not uncommon, you had quite the temper as a human and I imagine you’re still suffering from the aftereffects, it should stabilize after a while, if you let it.” Crowley further explained with a sigh, then turned around from the Winchester, tucking his mirror away and paced forward. “Come on darling, ride’s waiting. Let’s discuss more in the car.”
. “Just snap out of it damn it and answer me.” Dean now commanded with fingers snapping in front of Castiel’s trance.
“Uh, yeah. No worries, looking good Cas. Nice to see you back.” Sam said as he peaked up from his computer, blessing Cas with a tiny smile of approval. Castiel missed it though, he had instead picked up the biblical book of Genesis in his hands and skimmed through the pages with a frown, suddenly sucked in by its content that were so entirely wrong and skewed. He didn’t even notice Sam snorting at the sight of him being so upset, nor the sudden change of his facial expression as Sam remembered something.
Then Dean understood why. As the come ran down between them from their mouths, where Dean began to tongue back at him in a newfound arousal. Cas had loved the taste of his come so much, that he wanted to share it with Dean, or at least not spit it out… and that was…
“Go to hell, asshole.” Dean growled, but shut up as he felt Castiel’s hand move his one knee out of the way. The tip of his penis stroked against his hole, and he found his hands trembling with anticipation. He had been pegged before one time. A long ass time ago, but it had happened, and it was wild despite the babe not finishing the deed in time before Dean had aborted the mission. It felt too unnatural at that point. But now…
Crowley countered his attack, grabbing Castiel’s fist just before it would strike at his face. His face now bloody and blue, matching the redness of his eyes from the hypoxia of his possessed body. Castiel glared at him as the blood of his eyes spread in unity with smoke rising, showing his true form as a red eyed beast of hell. Suddenly Castiel found a great force striking at his gut which caused him to fly back and crash into a tree. He felt the air suck out of his lungs as he slumped down on the ground, coughing and gasping. Crowley propped himself up and wiped his lips, looking at the blood and seemingly annoyed over the soiled state of his coat, but it soon warped into yet another grin albeit a twisted one.
The blue eyes melted away at his ego, he felt drunk but not because of the beer. He gulped and licked his lips nervously as he put his hands on Castiel’s arms above the elbow. Trying to be confidence.  A deep sigh before bracing for impact.
“You fuckin-“ Crowley cussed in fury, butting his head back at Castiel and striking his lip hard enough to make it burst.
Then a crooked sensation spread through his body which filled him with an indescribable calm. As if he couldn’t feel hurt by the angel’s actions, or even sad over the tears on Sammy’s face. He felt emotions, but differently and couldn’t put his finger on why. Soon enough he found that he didn’t feel anything upsetting at all.
“That’s great news, Cas! We can get your grace back!” Sam cheered, but Castiel didn’t share the triumph. He did the opposite of that, shoulders slumping down and a soft sigh escaping his lips. This was probably the opening he had waited for, to tell Sam about his phone call just moments ago. He waited a few painful seconds until he finally broke the silence when Sam asked him ‘what’s up’.
Suddenly Dean stumbled backwards in his bedroom, down on the floor as his pants hung too low for him to balance from the sudden teleportation. He found Castiel’s crotch at his eye level when he had turned his head up in confusion. He saw him unzip his pants. Guess there was no bother to get up from the floor, he could see where this was going. As an iron feather Castiel’s member flew up as he had pulled down the waistband of his underwear. Dean suddenly found himself flinch; he was nervous again. What if he sucked at sucking? He’s only ever been on the receiver’s end; sure, he’s been thinking about it. How it would feel like to have a dick in his mouth. Sometimes curiosity almost got the best of him as he had been alone drinking at a bar. It hadn’t happened though, never did. But now he stood face to face with Castiel, stroking his cock inches away from his face.
“Trust me Iya…Am gonna make up for it…” Dean muttered, nervous, naked and shaky but wanting. He tugged at Castiel’s pants and damn, seeing the angel naked and moody like that was the sexiest thing he’s ever laid his eyes upon. “
“I suppose... I have been feeling bad about the wasteful water usage of cleaning just my one shirt. Your planet deserves better.”
Dean sighed, no use in moping... Cas was already back to acting weird, wiggling his hips a little too much now and pulling on his own clothing.
“Roughly translated…” Cas said and cleared his throat. “Castiel, your grace can be found in the library. Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Gadreel.” Castiel explained, cutting back on a few details such as him being a guardian of the seventh heaven. He figured that Gadreel must have slipped the note into his pocket before he aided the Winchester’s in their fight against Metatron and the angels. Before he sacrificed himself by blowing himself up to pieces, a chance of redemption for his wrong doings.
The calmness of the clouds and sky morphed into blues and gray as Dean placed the flowers down by the tomb stone, and Cas could finally see the ownership of the grave. The name Sam Winchester was written in silver lettering
“Good.” Crowley said and walked towards the exit, hands lingering on the door frame as he stopped for a second to look back at Dean. “Oh, by the way. The first blade. You really should get it as soon as possible because, well, being apart from that for too long… Well, I imagine that it can fish out other things to… Fill that vacant spot with- catch my drift?”
Suddenly he could hear it clearly, the lyrics dancing at his ears. Dean blinked, still staring at Crowley’s back who seemed oblivious to the panic Dean felt at this moment.
Dean let out a shaky breath as he stared at Castiel with wide eyes. He had unconsciously enjoyed the view so much that he still hadn’t managed to leave the bed. Cas was like a magnet, and it surprised Dean to see his body. Somehow he had never pictured Cas being that muscular and toned. He had always looked so small underneath his huge trench coat, but damn… he was perfect.
Dean basically whined and shut his eyes as soon as Castiel fingered at his nipples, so perky and pink against his tan chest. Looking like raspberries just waiting to get devoured.
Suddenly it absolutely reeked of it, a tiny bit of hope soon to burn out into a deep and boiling fury. As he came back from his spin, he saw Crowley standing there with a wide smirk and eyebrows raised. Almost mocking him. Castiel stopped at once and felt his shoulders tense up, just like his arms, legs, and neck- except he didn’t notice those. Somehow he wasn’t surprised at all to see him there. He had been in close proximity around Dean ever since he got the mark of Cain.
“That’s nothing compared to- ugh…” Sam was cut off by something bubbling and gurgling up deep down from his throat.
Dean couldn’t remember when he fell asleep. He remembered Castiel walking out, talking to Sam and then they just resumed their love-frenzy while Sam went to seek out the cherub. Somewhere along the line he just blacked out from something he assumed to be exhaustion, and woke up now hearing echoes of 4 shoes approaching the front door.
“What you said before…" He paused and Dean could see the smallest bob of his adam's apple. He seemed hesitant but decisive, like he had to say it. "I love you too, Dean. I know you were not in your right mind yesterday....” The angel kept talking but Dean blocked it all out.
“Pardon my pandemonium.” Castiel replied flatly as he finally raised himself from the floor. He understood that the shock on the Winchester’s face was from his appearance, and the only way he could facilitate that was to take a seat on his bed on the side that would allow him to face the wall instead of the door. “How did you locate me?” He asked, perhaps for future references if similar events would occur where he actually wanted to be gone forever.
“N-no,” Sam gurgle burped, but Cas didn’t react to the nasty sound. “I can deal with it, gotta save the grace Cas, it’s fine.” He spat down into the bin and struggled not to give in to his gagging. Talking clearly made it worse which was probably the oxygen enhancing the foul taste in his mouth.
“Cas!” Dean exhaled as the angel tucked his hand inside Deans pants to squeeze at his throbbing cock. It had been so sudden Dean wasn’t prepared. He began to rub him through his underpants, slowly but with pressure. Each stroke taking him higher and higher to a state of sweet ecstasy. Despite being experienced in the bedroom, he found it hard to contain himself. But the angel pulled and grinded at him on so many levels that he already felt the pressure building up in his groin.
“Enough.” Castiel snapped, voice calm as a feather with the tiniest undertone of superiority, something that didn’t quite mirror the rage he was feeling. He walked towards the demon with the same demeanor, firm and determined steps, squishy and soaked from the wetness of the rain. He grabbed Crowley by his black coat and pressed him forcefully against a tree behind him, making sure that the king of hell would feel how strong he still was despite his grace faltering. Silence struck between the two of them as droplets landed on their faces, as if the tree wept along with Cas’s fury. Eyes glowing with celestial blue from the anger within him. The demon didn’t twitch or react but let the angel have his way as if it wouldn’t change anything. He only chuckled.
“And… What did he say?” Dean further investigated, needing to know what Sam knew, because he assumed that he knew everything – but the details seemed pretty scarce. Perhaps Cas hadn’t told him about
Dean ignored the insult and simply took the piece of paper. On it he found a list of people who had made deals with Crowley throughout the years. Beside their names was the number of years dealt and even further to the side a small summary of the services Crowley had provided them with, all written in the fanciest calligraphy screaming of the renaissance.
“Dude, are you serious? I fucking told you, nothing’s going on. You honestly gonna Dr. Phil my ass now?” Dean frowned with a dash of garlic dressing at the corner of his mouth. All he wanted was to enjoy this moment, not to be picked at again by shrink-Crowley.
“You’re so damn stupid.” He growled kissing him. “Unbelievably stupid.” Cas eyed him with wide eyes. “I fucking hate you.” Dean kept going with tears in his eyes, pushing him down onto the bed and kept stealing at his lips as if taking back everything that Castiel was going to take away.
” Crowley said and stretched his arms out as to gesture a warm welcome. Then he folded them, thumb under his chin and his index finger brushing against his stubbled moustache. Wondering, or at least pretending to. “Hmm… Does Sam
If Sam hadn’t heard that ruckus he sure would’ve heard his sudden yelp as he struck the floor. He had never slipped once in his entire life, and it had taking him by surprise. It was quiet for a while, but Castiel kept lying still on the floor.
But the touch and vision soon began to feel like a fleeting flicker, and then it finally echoed into a black nothingness. He was falling. Deep down into the dark and empty void; until the light came back, until he woke up:
“You needn’t worry, the boys are yours.” Crowley said, simple and with a smirk. Then the dark aura between them began to brighten as a black 1930 Bentley 8 Litre had turned on the road towards them. “Ride’s here.”
“Hey, Cas. I’m soon done here, then I’m ready to go. You done packing?” Sam said as Castiel entered the room. He was too busy to even be looking up at him, getting things in order for their trip to Metatron’s library in Blaine, Missouri. Castiel could’ve teleport them the way there with a snap of his fingers, but both of them figured that he should save grace. Literary.
Perhaps it wouldn’t be too bad being a demon if he got to feed that hunger. But this thought shocked him, he didn’t actually want to hurt Cas,
partnership.” Crowley said smirking and clinked his glass against Dean’s to perform a toast. Then they both downed their alcohol and thumped the glasses down at the bar. It was not the way whiskey was supposed to be savored,
Dean wriggled his hands loose from underneath him and reached out to grab Castiel’s shoulder. The plan was just to give him a shake, y’know waking him up like you do anyone. But as soon as Dean touched him while looking at him, a flash suddenly struck at him like an arrow.
Sam had taken the telephone from Dean’s pocket before they cremated his body. He had also taken his wallet which Castiel found weird at the time. It is not as if Sam would have any use for it.
. With some cunning you’ll get the blade, get back to me. We’ll have a blast, alcohol, women, orgies- you can have
Dean don’t hate you. You know how he is. He gets angry, and I guess being a demon just makes his mood even more unpredictable than it already was.”
. And this he knew wasn’t a good thing, because Castiel is an angel who doesn’t need to sleep, which could only mean something serious had happened to him.
“Heyheyhey, Cas! Where do you… Wh- y-you can’t walk out like that you idiot!” Dean blurted out seeing Cas just straight out walking to the front door as he were, naked and messy with traces of everything they’ve done with each other. The only thing that would be inconspicuous about him was his hair- because that permanently looked as if he was straight out from a German sex club.
Dean had been angry ever since his call with Castiel, and also very freaked out. The urge that he had felt as he heard the angel’s voice was
Wanting to watch, wanting to teach, wanting to serve, wanting to participate himself, wanting to taste and feel.
Dean was full of despise and despair, and he could feel where it was directed. Dean was angry at him, perhaps he even hated him. His back seemed sharp like thorns, prickly and pointy enough to break through the skin on Cas’s fingertips, if he only could reach out and touch him. Castiel wanted to touch him and hold him and apologize for everything. He was desperate for it and if he had to pay with his blood he would. He’d give him anything he could just so that Dean would not hate him. But it was a hopeless wish seeing as his vessel was useless.
He took the sheet of the bed and dusted it off along with the pillows before climbing in, settling down underneath the duvet. The fabric smelt old like everything else inside, being untouched for so long. But he focused more so on the smell of his own clothing. Dean’s led zeppelin t-shirt which he had been lent by Sam were comfortingly close to his nose. He let the scent fill his senses and soon found that it was relaxing and made him feel at peace, allowing himself to feel sleepy. The only thing uncomfortable was the Walkman that he still had in his pocket, digging into his hip.
“By the way Boris, before this. Where’d ya go?” And at that suspicion grew when Crowley adverted his gaze to look past the horizon.
It made his blood-flow increase its velocity in more ways than arousal- but it also made him the more desperate to feel him. “Just freaking fuck me,
“Think again.” Crowley sad as he dropped the bullet. But before the metal even hit the ground, Crowley had swung his hand up and blasted Sam back against the door with his demonic power, gun dropping a distance away.
“Hah, thanks for the laugh, Cas.” Sam hummed into his smile. It was nice, the atmosphere in the car suddenly felt much lighter.
It all ended abruptly however as Crowley had entered and tried to join. He seemed whole heartedly impressed by the unholy view of Dean handling the woman like a Kamasutra god. It would be a bonding experience, he tried to convince as he loosened his tie, but Dean didn’t appreciate it at all.
“Fine, keep your secrets.” Crowley sighed in surrender and stepped away from the man. “So, what do you say, call it a wrap? Play some pool, have a few beers? The night is young.” He said and clapped his hands together, assuming that Dean was fit for a fun night out after killing off another compilation of contracts. Either this was Crowley buying into Dean’s acting of being able to massacre without feeling shit about it, or it was Crowley acting like a snake wanting to slither out information from him.
“Dean…” He growled. Taken out of context his facial expression would look pained- but in this moment it was just pure hot… So much pleasure was there that the blue shone through the crinkly skin of his eyelids. “I-I won’t be able to contain mys-”
“You made a promise, Cas.” Dean said with a dark and bitter voice which sent panic through Castiel’s mind, causing him to snap back his gaze at the Winchester. It was the same hurt he had heard from their phone call.
He blinked, mind processing what Cas just now had told him, but all his thoughts just collided and turned into a blue screen of his brain. He was shocked. No words except one single sentence popped up with a flash as Castiel eventually raised his fingers to nudge his forehead again. Done talking.
“Sam…” Castiel answered with a firm tone, authoritative and unshaken by a strong belief. “Dean withstood Alastair’s torment for 30 years before the first of the 66
, Sammy?” He asked slyly, mean, scared, frustrated, ‘rather not think about it, but had to ask anyway’.
as it began to twist at his walls in careful circles, curiously exploring the boundaries one step at a time. All meanwhile Cas was lowering himself down on Dean’s body to straddle his curling feet after Dean had tried to fold his knees up.
Have I not been speaking this whole time?” He asked in a slurred manor and licking at his bottom lip.
that is, was a means to channel his own distraught thoughts and anxiety. It was soothing to see others scream and squirm in terror and pain for it resonated with his own emotions, much like the Tacoma bridge collapsing. Every time he sliced at their skin and saw the red seeping through was a comfort, and as they bled out it felt as if he himself were being emptied from the things he had felt before. The fucking obsession, the hurt and the love. Every time they struggled to breathe was a mirror of himself feeling suffocated by his own tormented mind.
“Told ya, boy. I fricken told you. Best part, you’ll never feel a hangover again.” Crowley exclaimed and threw his hands up as if he were throwing glitter in the air to really annunciate this fact. This was another revelation found incredible to Dean, ever since he passed the age of 25 the aftereffects of alcohol had just gotten more and more worse after a late-night drinking.
Rough and coarse grunts could be heard faintly from the insides of a hotel room. Inside was Dean. Sweat pearling at his back. Semi-nude. Delivering hefty thrusts into a woman he had picked up a few hours before at a bar.
“Are you okay, Sam?” Castiel realized that he hadn’t yet asked him, he had been too busy apologizing for his actions, assuming that he already knew the answer.
It would’ve been solvable, all he needed was human blood in him. That had been the plan; to take Dean home when he would’ve woken up and explain everything to Sam. But that wasn’t a possibility now seeing as Dean was in the company of Crowley. Dean who had put up wards against him, just as Crowley had told him. He hadn’t gotten a single prayer to hear if he was alright. Which could only mean that Dean despised him, and for the same reason Sam probably despised him too, just as Crowley indicated.
Sam had frowned and reprimanded Dean for this, saying that it was an inappropriate thing to joke about. Though Cas never understood why, not even when Metatron had downloaded all the pop culture references. Raymond Babbit was simply a man portrayed to be autistic and Savant –
Dean sunk down to the bed and relaxed his every muscles, releasing his last heavy sob as Castiel kept stroking him. Stroking him so slowly and good despite his orgasm being over and done with. It still felt amazing, soothing and
“I-uh… Raymond Babbit, the alias Dean gave you? Charlie helped as well with the um… tracking of your cellphone and computer stuff.” Sam said hesitantly. Cas could see on the shadow cast from him that he was scratching the back of his head.
The door opened up where Sam and Cas entered. He cast a quick glance at the angel who gave him the smallest twitch of a smile. It made Dean's heart go even more loco, so instead he snapped his gaze to Sam who blinked at him- and then also gave Dean a small smile.
Dean thought as he pushed the exit door open and walked straight to his stolen car. He didn't want to get back to the hotel, because Crowley was staying at the same one. He’d have to figure something out but he was too angry to keep his thoughts straight. Perhaps he could just sit tight in the car and some solution would pop up in his head. At least he’d be alone in there and actually get to think and calm down in peace.
As it is, Dean grabs the lapels of Cas' overcoat, smooths them down. Suppresses the need to quip at him. Leans against the balustrade behind himself, around the corner from Sam and Eileen, out of sight. And he does what came to mind more than once as a passing thought – he grabs Cas by the crooked tie, smirks and pulls him forward, right into a kiss.
Cas is the epitome of Dean's fantasies. Put together, sharply dressed, but his lips kiss-swollen and reddened and shiny with spit and maybe something else, still lingering, hair disheveled and sploshes of red over his cheeks and eyes gleaming with pleasure, with love. All of the evidence he needs to sign off on a job well done.
They're touching, from head to toe, Dean curled into Cas' body, slotting together like two pieces of a puzzle. Dean wonders if Cas feels how hard his heart beats against his ribs, how his pulse is spiking. Wonders if Cas feels the morning wood barely inches away from his thigh. Their eyes meet, and Dean swallows. The moment lingers, with Cas cupping Dean's cheek, tracing his fingers over Dean's stubble, along his jawline and down his neck. He gets lost in the blue and shudders when Cas' fingers trail over his shoulder and down his spine.
Okay, you guys. You're gonna love this chapter, I promise. First off, we have our first Sam POV which will be very interesting, second, Dean and Cas... are, well Dean and Cas, you'll see. I love this chapter. I hope you enjoy it too!
Jo grins, and holds on to Charlie's shoulder as she gets up, “I'm sure it's you who has to deal with the consequences, big guy,” she says as she passes him, her delicate fingers stroking his cheek. “Anyway, I'll be right back!”
Charlie is just telling the story of that one time Dean was the Queen of Moondoor's handmaiden, and how Dean led the battle against the Shadow Orcs after a successful hunt.
Something about him is so nondescript and unassuming that it leaves Dean guessing why he took an interest in Dean. Besides the obvious. Dean’s not above knowing how he looks. He uses it to his advantage regularly.
Sam hits the navigation console as red lights flash with a warning signal that instantly grinds Dean’s nerves. He snaps right out of that.
She wears a pretty similar expression now that she meets Eileen, and since Dean has seen it before, he can only shake his head at himself.
“I'm learning to embrace it,” Amara chuckles. “But don't get me wrong. I'm neither on Chuck's side nor on theirs.”
So obviously I didn't answer anyone's guess as to which character will join us now but you'll find out within the first two sentences ;-)
Cas smiles. He pauses, thinks, until he eventually says, “You know homophobia is nothing I can't deal with. But if he disrespects you for who you are or badmouths us or anything, you know I won't stand for it.”
Throwing his head back with a cackling laugh, Dean collects screws and axle shafts and control arms and leaves the garage to head for the Impala.
“You know,” Dean starts, finds his throat parched and dry, so he summons his cooler box and pulls out two beers. After handing one to Cas and taking a sip of his own, he starts anew. “You know, one time, I actually talked to Sam about retiring.”
But when Castiel’s blue, blue eyes drop to Dean’s lips, and he parts them in a silent gasp, Dean also knows that he has rarely been so hard in his life. Despite just escaping from a dangerous situation. There’s a challenge, there’s some kind of energy here, and Dean feels it build, and build, and then he notices the obscene bulge in Castiel’s flight pants, straining against the teflon-coated suit, and his mouth waters.
9 p.m. is still too early to sleep, they decide, and so they watch the rest of the second Winnetou movie. They don't talk much, high-strung with anticipation.
Cas looks at him, open and direct, leaning back against the hood of the Impala, next to him. Their hips are touching. Dean doesn't mind one bit.
Closing his eyes, Dean imagines it. Thinks about those particularly toe-curling kisses he's had. Thinks about what he likes, because he wasn't choosy about this, ever.
and Dean arches his back. Which has all the advantages of exposing his neck. Cas jumps on that opportunity immediately, fusing his mouth to Dean's pulse point. The other advantage being that Dean can feel how hard Cas is against him, and he pushes his hips back because he's a big tease and he can own that, too.
Cas' words ring in his ears. Thinking about it is, to Dean's relief, a moment killer to his physical reaction.
He has to think about that for a while, and decides that he doesn't need to filter his answer here, not for Charlie. “Mostly? Elated. Makes coming out easier. But also like a dumbass. Wasted so much time, when we could've had it all. And a bit angry. Like, why now, why not tell us back when we were down on earth. All we got was mockery and taunts at best, or they used us against each other. It fucking sucked,” Dean grumbles.
One of those moments, again. Sam ducks his head. He’s tempted to touch, but doesn’t. She looks like she could whoop his ass if he overstepped her boundaries. And there’s the fact that he enjoys what’s going on here.
Not that he will have the luxury of getting used to this. They are less than two hours out; Sam will be worried by now.
Ash wordlessly shakes his empty can, Kevin asks for a coke and Sam wants a gin and tonic. Dean nods and gets his friends watered.
“Okay,” Eileen takes it all in, takes another swig of her whiskey, the last of it. “I think we can head out now.”
I have no excuse for this. Except we finally needed to earn that E rating. More plot next time, promise ;-)
He has almost convinced himself of that when Cas’ hand is at his chin, tugs, guides it around with the tips of his fingers. And then Cas pecks his mouth, quick and chaste.
“Aw, man, you've been missing out. But I'll introduce you to everyone anyway, whether you like it or not,” Dean's smirk is probably obnoxious but what can he say, he's happy. “So this is Ash, best haircut in town, computer genius and good taste in music.”
Eventually, he looks up, and in all the years they've known each other, Dean can name one exact situation that he felt this floored by the power of those blue eyes.
This chapter will kick off the plot. I'm so excited to share this with you because from now on, this will be a
Because of course Bobby still runs the salvage yard. Of course it's still full of classic cars, Dean already saw a '68 Camaro on his way in and a '73 Corvette on the lift in the garage. This time, it's a banged up accident damaged car, the trunk basically missing, that catches his eye.
When Cas slows down after half an hour of cruising, and they take the next exit, Dean knows they're not in the United States any more. Cas must've zapped them some place or heaven did its thing where it got you to where you wanted.
They uncap two beers and sit on the couch and watch a french gore movie with subtitles. The kind of movie that Cas doesn't enjoy because he sees and points out every flaw the story has. Not that the story is relevant to enjoy a movie like that. Eileen shares his weird fascination for bad horror movies.
Dean's brain nearly implodes. Of course. He had never thought of it like that, but of course Cas-- “You've never...?”
So he pours shampoo into his hand and works his hands through Cas' thick dark hair, massaging his scalp and enjoying the view of his back and shoulders on display. After he rinses the suds out, Dean kisses down the side of his neck, lips sliding over wet, warm skin, over his collarbone and up to his jaw and Cas sinks against his shoulder when Dean steps around him.
So here they are, in a booth for once instead of at the bar, and Dean leans back and enjoys the fact that he is not the center of attention.
“It's also pretty fantastic for making out.” It's a taunt, a dare, and Dean sends a smolder across six feet of bubbling water.
It's maybe an hour after sunrise when a noise, a creak, makes him look sideways, only to find Jack sitting down on a folding chair next to him, fishing rod in hand as well. Dean doesn't even flinch, and he probably has Cas and years and years of him popping up two inches from his face to thank for that. At least Jack has a grasp of personal space.
Dean blinks. “Of course,” he echoes, rubs his eyes in disbelief. “Of course you’d have that as your ultimate goal.”
Dean kisses Cas, slow and deliberate and soft, and Cas' lips are pliant and open under his. Dean shows him how to feel every ridge, every valley of his bottom lip and how to trace it. Shows him how erotic the tip of his tongue can feel, little kitten licks against his upper lip that make Cas go boneless in his arms. He returns it all in kind, just as slow, just as deliberate, just as loving. Dean lets him.
And she looks at Sam, covers her mouth in surprise as tears well up in her eyes. “Sam,” she chokes out, leans up to hug him, arms tight, eyes closed. As always when his Mom and Sammy have a moment, Dean can't help but get a bit emotional for his brother's sake. He turns away, searches for Cas' eyes, and they crinkle around the corner just like his Mom's.
“I like being hogged by you,” Cas has that indulgent expression again, the one that makes Dean feel all fuzzy inside. “That's fine.”
Sam stares. Sips his coffee, stares a hole into the bottom of the cup, before his eyes dart side-to-side, connecting dots. “Oh. Dean. Wow, that explains... a lot. Why didn't you tell me?”
Sam inhales deeply, looks Dean in the eye and says, “No, I said something. Or you expected something.”
The smile turns wistful, knowing, confident. Nowhere near as happy and blinding as... then. But it makes Dean want to do something. On a whim, he grabs the trench coat at Cas' elbow.
Dean swallows, eyes scanning the bar for someone who might let him delay this question with a good excuse or an order of ten different cocktails, at least, please. But, the crowd has thinned out some, and no one saves him. “I don't,” he says. “Don't try to label me, ok? Cas is just Cas.”
Dean grabs his hand, entwines their fingers, and pulls Cas towards their bedroom. They stop in front of the bed, and Cas looks at Dean for an explanation.
Dark brown sand, as far as the eye can see, in waves and mountains and valleys, all around them, twin suns in the sky. Baby is sitting askew in the sand, tilted sideways, and behind Dean, Sam laughs, a desperate thing that wrings itself out of his throat. Flopping forward, Dean rests his head on the console.
P.S.: Dean never finds out what the Enochian symbol on his necklace means. Cas only tells him that it's funnier in Enochian, and he won't explain the joke.
He meant to join Bobby in the garden, by the grill, but he has to drop in on that. “Yo, Cas,” he chuckles. “Don't be a grinch.”
“Okay,” Cas stares at him, before averting his eyes – looking defeated, for now, but also hopeful. “But don't get me wrong, I'm not bothered by the sex, of course not.”
But his eyes find Cas' when Dean looks up, and he smiles as his hands find their way into Dean's hair and just like that, Dean's nerves are gone.
Going for a drive, fishing. Those obvious choices. Everything else he can think of involves Cas in one way or another.
He breathes. Shower gel. Sandalwood. Salt. Maybe some spunk, stuck somewhere. Noses at Cas' stubbled chin, kisses it. The stubble is soft, probably from their shower earlier. He breathes. “I love you,” he whispers into Cas' ear. There aren't words for what they are. There aren't. So this will have to do.
There are hands at both sides of his head, fingers buried in his hair, lips on his, insistent, taking, not giving him a pause to breathe or collect himself. It's all just sensation after relentless sensation, Cas sucking at his bottom lip, prying his lips open because he can, trading open-mouthed, needy kisses but ignoring Dean's attempt at slipping some tongue in there completely. Cas is in complete control and Dean just takes it, the rush of it roaring in his ears. The hands on his head, the arms next to his shoulders and the full weight of Cas on top of him has him in place without force, but with nowhere to go.
Dean walks backwards to the door, points at Cas. “Like throw you on that bed and get all of those clothes off of you again.”
Eileen beams at him, and it’s all worth it and Sam is maybe, probably, a bit giggly, which correlates weirdly with his worry for Dean. Although he knows that his brother is very capable of getting himself out of a pickle, he is still with a stranger.
Much like back in the day, Dean still has no idea what to do. Part of him wants to take the action upstairs, but another part of him recognizes that whatever they're doing, for once they have not veered off into the sexual – yet? - and it's kind of comfortable to keep it that way.
“So,” Dean rasps, wishes he'd had a drink, then remembers the cooler box on the back seat. The door of the Impala creaks the way it does since the accident with Dad – he never quite figured out why. But the sound makes him smile.
Dean wants to touch, feels the muscles of Castiel’s stomach shift as he works his pants open, gets his hands on Castiel’s dick and it’s — easy. Hot beyond anything Dean imagined it could be, with the same equipment as his own involved, but he knows exactly what to do, knows exactly what he needs to do to distract Castiel from getting Dean’s pants open in return. He still needs a moment, needs to—
As a testament to his non-human side, Jack wordlessly agrees. Anyone else would've dropped the 'it's happy hour somewhere' line on Dean.
Sam’s little session of R&R is rudely interrupted by a ping from his communicator, but reading Eileen’s name on the screen has him smile instantly. He’s so quick to put his drink down that he’s slapdash in accepting the call, which almost results in hitting the ‘reject’ button by mistake.
He thinks about Cas. At least one of them has somewhat of a job, of a purpose. He has his bees and their garden to tend to. But what will Dean do?
fair, “so hard,” a push of of the pad of his finger, millimeters at best, but Dean arches his back, pushes against it, thoughts going in circles, imagining it, what it'd feel like, Cas' cock right there, pushing in, so slow, stretching him, filling him up until Cas is balls deep inside him, cockhead angled against Dean's prostate, the slight discomfort, maybe some burn as his muscles give way, but there's only a finger now, only a finger, and not even in, not even pushing and it's
Within a minute, Dean and Cas have a beer each, Jo argues with Dean over who gets to play the guitar first, Cas amicably settles for the drums, while Charlie explains the difference between 'hard' and 'pro' mode to Dean, and Ash rolls a blunt.
They take odd jobs for a while, just to get them over the slump in interplanetary missions to run. Dean does some construction work in the next big town over; Sam stocks shelves in a supermarket. It does pay a bit, even if it’s not the big bucks.
He taps two fingers against his trucker cap, which might have been gray some fifteen years ago, but only qualifies as indefinably greasy at this point.
Jo waggles her eyebrows. Ellen just says, “Ah.” And Ash, unhelpfully, peeks through the hatch, “You even seen the beach or didn't you leave the hotel room anyway?”
Of course, by the end of the day, Dean has found at least ten other little things that need fixing, some rust here, loose screws and a cable rupture in the wiring harness, the radiator hose, of course, but also the fan. He makes a list. If this were him still alive and on earth, he'd groan, because there's so much to do.
They sit on separate ends of the tub, play footsie in the middle, and talk about beekeeping all afternoon, until Dean heads out to the Roadhouse for his shift.
That evening, they fall asleep on the couch while 'The Great British Bake Off', season 1, flickers across the TV to an audience of exactly no one.
Dean sniffles. He had enough of those emotional breakdowns as of late, damnit. “And you would've been there?”
“Cas,” he pants. And he has no idea what he wanted to say in the first place, too many feelings all at once, not conflicting ones, but
“Answer the question, or I’ll hang up.” Dean said, unbuttoning his pants and resting his free hand on his underwear. Motioning it in slow and sensual circles over the fabric that shielded his dick. He knew that Castiel would reply. He was going to play him on his guilt and get what he wanted.
“Sam. He is approaching.”  Cas replied ordinarily with the tiniest wavelength of disappointment peeking through.
Cas inhaled sharply and suddenly glared at him like a wild animal, he shoved him backwards against the wall before jumping at him. Tugging at his hair to the side, kissing his neck roughly like a glutton all the way up to his mouth again. Filling Dean’s mouth with his tongue, slurping, licking, and nibbling at his lips. There it was. The feeling of Castiel’s strength. It felt amazing for some reason. Dean had always had to be the one in control for his whole life, but not now. Not at the hands of Castiel, the hands who explored his body at this very moment. Brushing over his nipples, twitching, and playing at them to lure out all the lewd noises he could from Dean’s mouth. And he did whimper.
So. I've reached a point in this story where I'm suddenly rethinking the whole act that comes after this. Which means that the chapters I have done, might need to be scrapped alltogether or rewritten.
“Yes. I think I understand why Dean listens to it. The first song was calming and had me falling asleep… but I did wake up by another man yelling very loudly along to an obstreperous
He was so drawn to the man in fact that he couldn’t stay away from him. As Dean would sleep he’d watch over him and do his best to shield him from his nightmares, he’d watch the joy on his face as he’d loudly gorge on pie, and he’d feel the loyalty Dean had for his brother and those around him.
“Dean, Dean, Dean... You see. As a king of hell…” Crowley said and leaned backwards on his seat, prepping his back up just a little extra when enunciating his title. “There’s some obligations I now find at my feeble feet. Such as, keeping order, catch my drift?”
His dick milking itself with throbbing twitches and landing record breaking streaks all up his bottom lip while he pressed his head down. His body basically convulsing through a never-ending euphoria.
He flipped the lid open with a click that made his neck hair stand straight, because he didn’t really associate that sound with shoving something up his ass. Though he wanted this – and the way Castiel eyed at him too with endearingly large pupils, Dean knew Cas felt the same thing.
Now it seemed so distance all of a sudden. So hurtful that he in one way wished he never would have gotten himself involved with them. The bond he felt towards Dean felt cruel, so insufferable cruel, like a snare around his throat. A snare that was suffocating the life out of him and replacing it with stones so heavy that he wanted to lie down and never get up again.
But Dean stopped humping as he finally realized that Castiel was wasn't just trembling with pleasure, he was clinging onto him for dear life.
That question struck his gut like an expanding ball of yarn, waiting to get unraveled, everything damn word he has kept to himself, all of his emotions and disappointment. It pushed at his throat, and he couldn’t help himself but to give in to the need to explain
Castiel appeared oblivious, only that damn remorse was displayed that he had displayed before when telling dean '
“Kay? That suppose to tell me somethin’?” Dean said before attacking his sandwich again, not bothering to look at Crowley who now was frowning at the dressing Dean didn’t know was around his mouth.
“Where is Dean!?” Sam yelled. He had picked up Castiel’s blade from the ground that he had lost in the failed attack. Now the younger Winchester held it against Crowley’s throat. Cas could feel the demon press back against him, trying to get away from the celestial metal.
Dean cursed to himself as he realized that he was naked again, eying at the fabrics sticking out the open bag. Crowley patted him on the shoulder, walking past to actually give him some privacy before Dean snatched the bag to dress. He was always the tricky sort, Crowley. Either a douche or not-the-worst-douche, that’s as far as Dean would stretch. Still the pat wasn’t welcome and left a disgusting tingle against his skin, but the clothes was more than well met. It was freezing cold as spring hadn’t quite reached its full potential yet.
“… I am. I am changing into clean attire...” The angel was hesitant, Dean could hear it on his voice. So adorably perplexed. Probably thinking about what the purpose of this call was... And so desperate to please that he’d actually reply and continue the conversation despite not gaining any intel. He’d probably not even hang up if Dean told him exactly what he was doing right now.
“I… I dreamed of Dean.” He said in a quiet fashion and hoped that it would be enough for Sam to understand. “I don’t however feel like… talking about it.”
He held his breath to suffocate a groan as he thought of how Cas was saving his mojo that much. To have the angel actually allow himself to get dirty for more than a mere few hours. If he didn’t even use his grace to clean his clothes, what else was he abstaining from? Was he letting himself sweat and get hot too? Did he have to eat? What would it taste like to lick cream off his lips?
It hurt as they collided. The echoes of his mind screaming rang out in the nothing as light consumed him, but he found that it was not death that stood before him.
. Either it was him that moved towards it, or the other way around, he couldn’t know for sure. But it was blindingly bright and burned away at his essence, filling him with a hopeful trepidation.
Yes, every day the younger Winchester would call him, and text him, then call him again, and text him some more. Ever since the day Dean rose from his death and got snatched away by Crowley. The very same day that Castiel had sent Sam a text message as he had stood in the forest, soaking wet, after Crowley had departed from him. The message was something in the lines of:
“… Come on Cas, you’re obviously inside. Can we please talk about this?” The manner of Sam’s voice was pleading, hurt, and made Cas feel horrible but also forced to answer him.
But there was this one variable that were missing in Crowley’s equation that Dean didn’t really feel obliged to solve just yet, or ever for that matter.
. Literary as if Castiel was all over his body, just like he had fantasized before. Pinching at his nipples, caressing at his body, squeezing at his waist, rubbing his dick and finger-fucking him in the ass. Dean shivered like a nervous eye-twitch. He was so overwhelmed that he didn’t know how to process anything else in his mind except the building pressure in his crotch. His heartbeat was thumping faster and faster every damn second, and the muscles were clenching so bad he was basically cramping. Castiel’s eyes shone faintly blue, like a firefly in the dark.
“Really? Come one Cas, you’re killing me with the suspense!” The winchester pressed on. Castiel sighed and glanced at him. The curious nature of humanity. He looked like an impatient child on Christmas eve seated in front of his presents. Perhaps humans were so impatient to learn because of the fact that they would die at some point. A racetrack to knowledge before the time ran out. He could see that Sam wasn’t going to let this one slip.
“The outcome is inevitable, might as well just give me the blade so I can get on with my life. You two are nothing. A grace leech of an angel, and a whiny giant.” Crowley snarled just like the anxiety that whispering into Castiel’s ear, but this was different. Crowley was real, someone he could touch and strike at to shut up.
“You honestly think I drove 13 hours from Kansas here just to give up and leave you alone? You know that’s not going to happen, Cas.” He said with a hint of frustration in between the pleading. Cas found himself mute again, simply just shifting himself into a sitting position where only the sound of his grunt and the rustling of plastic answered Sam.
And he moaned confused noises into Dean’s neck, clawing at Dean’s flesh, leaving marks. “Y-you’re. God-” Dean whimpered and stared at the ceiling, bracing himself for the words that were going to escape out of his mouth.
“I’m sorry Sam.” Castiel whispered quietly before taking one last glance at the empty bed, then he closed his eyes to think of Dean until he could feel a gust of wind on his face.
“Then you must rest until you are fully healed, no library.” Cas compromised and Sam sighed at the best of his abilities. Even his breaths appeared to be raspy and gritty from the stomach acid burning his throat.
“Jeez Cas, quiet down will ya? Don’t want you alerting Sammy, kay?” Dean smirked, hearing the angel haltering whatever it was he wanted to say with a sharp exhale. He looked down at his crotch, brows raising as he observed the bulge that Castiel had caused him. It made him feel playful- and a little naughty.
Cas moaned as he slipped his shirt off, with his blazer and the damn trench coat. His hardon poked out as a tent between his legs, displaying a wet spot by the tip from his previous orgasm, and Dean could feel his own boner waking up. “
“Do it.” Dean said. “Quit staring for fucks sake and just do it.” He couldn’t be the only one being sick of the sexual tension between them. Or the only one to notice it for that matter.
Dean lowered his hands down at Castiel’s pants, undoing them carefully and hesitant but kind of excited too. Shivering as the silky and hot skin of Castiel’s cock nudged his fingers, and hearing the angel groan as the pressure was relieved.
, Sam. Now, this is an optimal angle for suturing your wound, please stay still.” Castiel said and continued searching for the suture kit. He could hear Sam’s agonizing groans, apparently displeased at what Cas had said. The Winchester mumbled gibberish which Cas only guessed to be curse words aimed at Crowley and the fact that he had woken up too soon from his fainting.
Castiel groaned at the bright screen flashing from his phone. Despite the fact that his eyes were closed the light felt like fiery needles prodding their way through his eyelids as the phone vibrated beside his pillow. He had been sleeping, which was something he did a lot lately.
. Whether that be consuming souls… Demon blood, or making stupid decisions behind each other’s backs. This is… It’s not the worst. Don’t get me wrong, it’s not the best either. But he’s alive and honestly that’s all I could ever ask of.” Sam continued and then placed his hand on Castiel’s shoulder firmly and empathetic. “But Cas, we’re in this together.
coming from a literate angel that barely even knew how to read between the lines. “Because you look…
“I understand.” Castiel said and looked down at everything splayed open on the table. It must have taken him many hours and days to achieve this level of research. Sam had every reason to feel this way. No matter how happy Cas had been to hear Dean’s voice, it would’ve been more logical if it had been Sam getting the phone call, and better for Sam’s sake.
“No, I will speak to him alone and you will stay here… we cannot exit together.” Castiel said as he stepped off the bed, and Dean eyed him wide with furrowed brows, as ‘in
Here goes nothing. Dean got up on his knees and mouthed away at Castiel’s hardon. The angel’s hands found their way through Dean’s hair, gripping at the top of his head as Dean took him deeper into his mouth. Every single pant and moan filled Dean with more confidence as he explored different ways that would increase the level of arousal and pleasure. Feeling him fill his entire mouth with a sweet and salty taste from the past endeavors in the bathroom was too much, he couldn’t focus. He had to touch himself, so he did. Stroking himself at the same phase as he sucked the angel off. Grunting as Castiel pressed himself in deeper into his throat, and he gladly received it. His cock was so smooth and warm against his tongue, his trimmed pubic hairs tickled at his face. The vibrations of Dean’s muffled groans would vibrate against his limb as Castiel pounded away at his mouth.
Behind the man was another man a small distance away crying after him desperately. Tears were running down his bruised cheeks in steady streams and it
No. He couldn’t let Cain prod at his brain and extract the hidden want in his mind. Because every time Dean had been weak enough to even dig one of them out himself- it had turned corrupt and bitter. Waxed into absolute shit and left him with a bigger crater in his soul than was there before. Trying out a demo version and knowing what he’s missing out on is worse than simply denying having a taste in the first place.
“Yes… It would have been unwise to travel elsewhere without my grace.” Castiel finally replied and lowered his face to look down at his hands who laid still on his lap. “I… I needed to get away Sam. I should have answered your calls.”
… an asshole.” He chuckled at his own lame joke, sending a vibrating air-thrust inside Dean the size of three fingers at this point. It made his whole insides turn into a heated warmth, come oozing out in a bead of his yearning cock. It was not enough to make him orgasm but enough to make him feel crazy. Cas tilted his head at the response, aroused fascination plastered on his face, as if he had wanted to try that for a while.
He figured that the blade was the only way Dean would come in contact with him again, but he also knew that if Dean got a hold of it, he would risk succumbing fully to the curse.
“Hurtful, truly. I thought we had grown close, Moose.” Crowley replied sarcastically as if he was sad. “No matter, see you, boys.” He snapped his finger and suddenly Castiel held onto nothing but the space between him and Sam.
“Shut that pouty mouth and take a look for yourself.” Crowley snorted and swung the mirror up in front of Dean’s face with a flick of his wrist. He was smiling innocently,
“Sorry Sparkles, jinxed him before you could get here.” The king of hell apologized in the most insincere way that even made Castiel able to hint the sarcasm in his voice. It was infuriating, the notion of Crowley snatching away Dean just before he could reach him. He had such a long history with the Demon, and his mind raised through all the times he could’ve killed him. He felt full of regret that he hadn’t. But as much as he wanted to attack him and end Crowley at this moment, he couldn’t, because he was the only lead available in order to locate Dean. Crowley seemed to thrive on this fact for the grin only grew wider as Castiel’s eyes darkened.
“Relax. I was teasing you. Your body language is very apparent to me, despite the fact that you are hiding your face.” Castiel said. Dean could swear that he was smiling, you could hear him being amused.
"W-woah hold on. That ain’t happening. Nope." Dean said quickly, raising his hands up in resignation. He felt his blood run up his ears, but it was probably just the alcohol. That's why his mouth felt dry all of a sudden. Yep, it's the alcohol. Not the fact that Cas sat beside him and stared almost like he was waiting for it to actually happen. He could see it in the periphery, it made him sweat. Nope, just the alcohol. Too many beers. Then the angel spoke, and Dean felt himself flinch emotionally.
“Oh, you're telling me that they will show up with the blade? Are you stupid, boy?” Crowley said. It was a contradiction that Dean hadn’t exactly thought through before his last counter. Now he was getting really pissed off however. He didn't come here to be ordered around by the demon in front of him, nor having his intelligence mocked. What Crowley didn’t know, was that Dean didn’t exactly plan to be his lap dog forever. He didn’t need Crowley. He only used him for food and housing, and the fact that he did provide with horrible people to kill off which had Dean keeping himself off from the streets.
Then he quickly corrected himself and advised I should simply wash it, but then also said that it was only natural if I wanted to-“
He leaned back and let the booze flow through his circulation, from his toes up to his brain. It wasn’t much, but enough to make him feel more relaxed,
, you’re killing me.” He hated that he was begging - as much as he loved it. The lack of control, allowing himself to feel submissive in a way that didn’t mean humiliation like it would with John.
Castiel got back up on his feet, trying to prove himself bigger than the nothing Crowley made him feel. He couldn’t let him get to him. It’s what he does, being a demon. Still, it tucked at his heart because it was a thought that pained him, the fear of being rejected by the Winchesters; and most importantly Dean.
That was it even after John had died. But that same fact sparked something else in his mind, silently growing darker. The rollercoaster finally stooping to the bottom again, exhilarating and with ease.
Dean lied to himself, kissing back at Castiel more passionately and, feeling his heart flutter crazy as if this would’ve been his first time fooling around with someone other than himself.
Dean shook his head to himself; he was done thinking about it. The only thing left was actions. That’s what he felt comfortable with, not thinking about feelings or explanations to other people’s feelings, angelic or not. He tapped on the last bathroom in the bunker. “Cas, you in there?” No answer. He tried the doorknob and found the door was locked shut. That’s all the answer he needed of the angel’s presence. It was unusual for Cas to ignore him though.
Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from him, despite it being awkward as fuck. Cas was rubbing his sticky fingers together. So puzzled and embarrassed as he examined the hand that was absolutely soiled with Dean’s semen.
Sam waited quietly for a while, probably anticipating a reply or that Castiel would open the door. But when he didn’t Castiel could hear him fiddling with something metallic.
Now standing behind the lifeless corpse, Crowley glanced back at Dean who answered back with a stare. “Truly impressive. But I guess it's to be expected, being a pupil of Alastair himself.
“Cas- H-he can’t enter! Y-you gotta- Fuckk-! You gotta mojo our asses clean right now or I swear to-!“ Castiel quickly hushed him with pressing a finger at Dean’s lips, and instead mojo-pinned Dean down on the bed.
Instead, Dean punched a sucker at Crowley which made the king of hell fly out of the bathroom with the darkest blackeye he had ever accomplished to donate a victim. Dean had barged after him as he fiddled his fly close, cursing foul insults at the king of hell. They rumbled and scuffed their way out from the bar with flying fists, but it all ended up with laughter as they both fell downwards in separate trenches beside the road.
Despite the fact that they had been at it for hours Dean felt nervous again, shy even, but also so turned on that he felt ashamed... Though it wasn’t like he hadn’t been this turned on before with Cas – but the reason was different now. He couldn’t stop thinking about it,
He let his angel blade slide down the sleeve from his trench coat to his grip as he adverted his eyes back to the demon. Allowing himself to be filled with the wrath that Sam had halted. The fact that Crowley had swaggered his way to the Winchester’s homestead, the only safe space that they have owned since their mother died- was a disgrace to their personas. He couldn’t allow that - both for Dean’s sake and Sam’s.
“Yeah… well I figured that might be the case, so I packed you a bag. Dean’s stuff again, you really need more clothes than just one outfit.” Sam said.
. Still, he abided by Sam’s gesture reluctantly. He waited with his body tense, ear ready for a command that would allow himself the pleasure of blasting Crowley like a puff-ball, and have his body explode into blackened spores.
“Oh, not at all. I’m merely admiring your handicraft.” Crowley explained as he approached the freshly rendered corpse. He snapped his hands behind his back and circulated the hanging man, scanning up and down his body as if looking for gory surprises. He hummed in amusement whenever he spotted them.
“Shut up. Who’s to say I only manage one round.” Dean managed to say despite not feeling quite so cocky. Castiel raised his eyebrows as he saw the possibilities in front of them.
Castiel grasped the shaving cream and poured a generous click in his palm… and with the foam, he smeared his chin and cheeks in fiery determination as if readying himself for battle. He was going to shave, he was going to cut his nails, he was going to dress and stop poison his body of a diet of cheese doodles. He didn’t even like them, just the crunchy feel of them.
His heart ached thinking of how much he wanted to find Dean and snatch him away to safety. Things would go back to how they were and how he had planned, eventually. At this point they would already do research on how to rid him of the curse. They would have pumped him into purity with Sam’s blood before any demonic temptations would grasp a hold of him. They’d be together; him, Sam and Dean in the bunker, doing all the normal things. He would hear them bicker and laugh, beer bottles clinking together after a long hunt to celebrate. He would be at their table, amazed with gratitude that they allowed his presence there. That they deemed him worthy as their friend.
“Mmmmh…” Cas answered with a bass that vibrated at Dean’s flushed neck. He then took Dean by surprise and rolled on top with excellence, hands tugging down underneath Dean’s knees and pulling him down on his cock. Rocking into him while staring down at him with his shining eyes, picking Dean’s orgasm right back up where it was despite the change in position.
“Sam…” He braced. “Please leave me alone. I am sorry, I just… I can’t.” It was a pathetic sounding whisper, ridden with the wish that Sam would just turn around and leave him to rot in his own pile of trash. He could hear him sigh on the other side of the door, but not in defeat.
But as he let himself fully enjoy his walk he found that he wasn’t as alone as he initially thought.
The final blood bubble burst and Dean intensely watched the lungs again. Even as the door creaked open. He didn’t bother to turn himself around to greet the visitor. There was only one creature in this world who knew where he was at, and that was Crowley. Judging from the lack of screaming it was obvious that it was him, infringing inside this space. It annoyed him and in a way he even felt naked, as if Crowley were walking in on something too intimate to be shared. As if the Demon would be sitting beside him inside the shrink’s office, observing his brain being picked at in all different directions to make sense of his feelings. Disgustingly vulnerable.
“Jesus fu- Quit staring before I cave your face in! Been busting my ass off all week with your contracts. So cut me some slack will you?” Dean growled, wanting to lessen whatever aura there was in the room.
Dean didn’t know how to react except blushing himself too, either they were far beyond embarrassment now or deep into the shit. It suddenly felt as if it didn’t matter, they were in this shit together anyway and had to solve it ASAP.
The emotion spike in Castiel’s voice felt like sweet ecstasy in Dean’s ear. Blackening his gaze and eyes, he saw it in on the mirror wall; how hungry he was and how good it felt. It tingled in his gut, and he could feel his damn dick pressing up against his pants despite humping that lady barely an hour ago. Something snapped in his mind like an off switch to his human panic, fully succumbing the greed, need, want, desire and every other synonym that would apply.
“Ah, Goddamit Crow-“ A burp. “Crowley. Maybe this ain’t too shabby after all.” Dean said, swaying just a little despite not feeling
“Dean.” The angels deep voice tickled his insides. The strong grasp on his wrist felt like fire. Dean turned around to look at him and there it was again. The blue eyes, now filled with yearning and need. It was an instant hard on. Dean gritted his teeth; he couldn’t stand it any longer. The angel had ravaged his defenses and now he would suffer the consequences. He pushed the angel inside the bathroom again and shut the door behind them with his foot. Then he further pushed at him against the sink. Just like before when they had played the game with Charlie he pulled them closely together for a kiss, just as rough, but this time passionately so. Castiel immediately tugged at his shirt to pull away.
Dean gasped for air and his eyes flew right open, flickering side to side in panic as he tried to phantom what had happened and where the hell he was. Feeling as if he had been stuck inside a dream and now suddenly awoke an eternity later,
“Fuck- Cas, i-if you donnn’taah-” Dean whined desperately, squeezing tightly on Cas’s shoulders to channel the forbidden emotion unwrapping in his gut. “aaas-s-stop squirming I’ll fuckinggg!” Dean bit down his lips as his body began shake, hips thrusting upwards into Castiel- and thanking the whole cosmos that there was a duvet separating their crotches and most of his stomach.
Two moments ago, Dean laid awake in his motel bed because of the simplest fact that he couldn’t sleep.
“Welcome back Squirrel.” Dean heard from behind him, a voice which seemed oddly pleased. Yet again startled by a sudden voice - he spun around and found a man standing there. He stared at him perplexed- until he remembered him as well. The self-proclaimed king of hell, Crowley. Dressed in his usual black coat and smiling at him, the familiar smugness radiated from his gaze.
Then again, he hadn’t actually thought through about what this curse could do to the man. Such as the fact that he might have robbed Dean of his chance of reaching a natural point of his life. A death, the means to an end that comes to all humans eventually.
Dean suddenly yelped as he felt Cas’s hand brush against the back of his neck and the other behind Dean’s waist. The warmth of his fingers tingled his sensitive skin and shot waves of goosebumps along his body. Castiel had taken the opportunity to slip his wet tongue inside as Dean had parted his lips to inhale in surprise.
It seemed to put Cas at ease, or at least encourage him to relax and go along with it. Because now he increased the phase in which he fucked into Dean’s mouth, shifting his hands to the back of Dean’s head instead.
He turned on the lights in the bathroom and it flickered in a weak and yellow light, mild to his sensitive eyes who had grown accustomed to darkness. The lamp was so yellow in fact that he found his blue eyes appearing green as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror -
And there, moments later, he found himself in the woods, standing in front of Dean’s ashes. He stayed there motionless for a while, bracing himself for the worst and avoided to look down. But he couldn’t get a break from it even then. The smell of lye tainted his celestial nose almost as if to taunt him. It was pouring down with rain and the water reacted with the powdery leftovers of Dean. Every time a rain droplet went crashing down onto the pile the molecules went flying, as if to remind him that there’s no time in hoping, forgetting, or procrastinating. He mustered up the courage and got down on his knees to observe the pile carefully. It was disheartening to see it empty, just like Dean’s bed.
With one hand pressing back at Crowley’s face and the other gripping at his hand, he successfully managed to win the upper hand. Flipping the demon around in a tight hold.
The poor girl left him with a “Wow, that was… intense.”, which had been embarrassing. She thought that it was her doing that made Dean so fully incorporated in her. Dean took a swig from the bottle again to rinse down the hoarse dryness of his throat. It was Castiel, angel of God, making him feel something he wasn’t allowed to. Something Dean had managed to burry down into the deepest pit that was Dean Winchester, now surfacing because of a damn curse. He should be freaking out over the fact of fantasizing about him while sexing up a woman, and normally he would’ve. But somehow the lonesome pity he felt at this moment only made him feel sad. Sad over the wall Dean knew about but denied having.
. Doing so they had been treating everything that Dean couldn’t have like it was nothing more than shit, and for that Dean found himself inclined to punish them.
The door closed shut before he knew it, and Dean was all alone. Anxiety creeping up on him and snaring itself around his throat.
“I’m warning you Crowley, if you ever lay a finger on him, so much as a hair...” Dean paused, fantasizing about all the things he’d subject him to. A thrill of blood thirst tickled his spine.
Dean rubbed his eyes free from any goo or ash which still blurred his vision, more noticeable as he tried to focus. He squinted at his reflection, furrowing his brows to aid his sight. Vision still a bit blurry, but eventually clearing and unveiling two dark shadows where his eyes should be. His formerly green eyes who now had turned into the blackest of black, just like the endless void he had risen from moments ago.
Sam gave Castiel a look, but Castiel didn't answer it. Insted he walked to stand in the corner of the room- outside of Dean’s field of view. Sam then looked back at Dean again. Puzzled for a second, calculating the energy of the room, no doubt.
It wasn’t just any bar that Crowley had picked. It was something close to resembling a hells angels bar. It was filled with beer bellied men and women parading in the tightest of leather pants. Dean couldn’t help himself but to stare whenever they would sit down, just waiting for the moment before the seams would bust open and uncover a sexy lace thong underneath. It was a perfect suspense that actually allowed himself to calm down about the whole Castiel situation, because it proved that he still got the hots for women. He didn’t find any of the beardy men to be attractive despite them being dressed in leather too, and this felt like a valid confirmation to Dean.
“So, you borrowed Dean’s Walkman huh?” Sam asked. Cas was happy he walked behind him; else he wouldn’t be able to continue this light conversation. He didn’t want Sam to see the troubled look on his face, it felt impossible to hide it at this moment.
View blurry through his tears, but they eventually pooled to his sides and ran down his cheeks. As they did he could finally make out Castiel’s blue eyes staring down right at him in pure disorder. It was embarrassing, and the angel looked just as ashamed of himself as Dean felt. Despite Castiel being a virgin(well, last time he checked), Dean could see that he knew exactly what had happened just now. Cas fucking knew that Dean had come his brains out against his body. There was no question about it, and it made Dean want to lock his body inside a treasure chest and then be thrown down into the deepest depths of the ocean to be forgotten.
Cas eyed up at him, and the son of a bitch was grinning. A few hours ago, the dude had just been crying his lungs out while experiencing his first orgasm, and now he’s looking bloody cocky. Dean was in awe. “Christianity also preach generosity.” Slurp, slurp, smack “…
listenin’ right?” He scolded, slapping away the angel’s hands as if they were bugs buzzing around his face. As if Cas was the only one needing to get a grip. The main reason why Dean refused him was because every single touch felt dangerous. Nudging him back to that delirious state he’d rather not think about. But he wasn’t as deep down in it as Castiel seemed to be.
“Dean?!” Desperation seeped through his voice as he was calling for him, searching for any trail as he spun around. But only the sound of rain answered him, the branches of the pine trees waving. As a beagle he used his sense of smell to whiff out something else other than water molecules, oxygen, and lye, or the moist and ripe scent of the dirt. He twisted and turned his head until he finally found something different. Stomach acid and sulfur stung his nose like a thousand needles as he had focused on it. He immediately ran towards it, still calling for Dean. Desperation still tainting his otherwise flat and raspy voice as he passed the wet forest, into bewildered and untouched vegetation.
He flipped his bedsheet cover open in a rush to just get out of that area where he had felt so uncomfortable. The cold air hitting at his sweat only made him feel grosser, realizing that the sweat wasn’t just at his temples but everywhere on his body, sticky and cold to the fabric of the bed. He had to wash himself off, scrub himself clean and then scrub himself some more, because this
Cas had made Dean into something that the Winchesters deeply despised, the very thing that had ruined their life in more than one way. He had become the kind that had killed their mother, tortured Dean in hell and tricked Sam into releasing Lucifer from the same place.
Crowley let go of Sam who slumped to the ground, coughing and disoriented. The demon took a swift step to the side which dodged Castiel’s attack.
He let go of his bag and readied himself to engage the filth dressed in black in blind anger, but Sam put a hand outward just as he was about to pass. A sign Cas knew meant,
“Oh, nothing of importance at this moment.” Castiel said as if the note wasn’t actually something that filled him with relief.
Of course, he was worried about that. Sam had in spite of everything experienced something similar himself when he was addicted to demon blood.
“Yes that makes sense.” Cas replied and soon found himself with his forehead against the window again, seeing the rain dribble down, lost in thought.
Castiel stood silent and peered inside Dean’s room in the bunker. It felt unnatural to see the bed empty this early in the morning. He would often catch a glance at the man every so often. Sometimes on purpose, sometimes just because he was passing by the corridor and the door would be open. Dean would often lay there sleeping soundly, fully dressed with his shoes on. As if he simply chose to blink the night before but eyes never opened back up, his mind probably drifting along as music from his headphones carried him into a deep slumber. Castiel found comfort in that view. To see Dean’s softly shaped eyes fully relaxed, the length of his eyelashes truly showing, the frown between his eyebrows erased. It was one of the few times Dean looked completely peaceful and Castiel savored that vision just as the Winchester’s savored morning coffee.
But everything had gone wrong shortly after they had gotten there. They were ambushed by Metatron and his ‘flying-ass monkeys’. If it wasn’t for Gadreel
“Do not taunt me any further, Crowley. He is of no use to you without the blade. Tell me where he is!” The angel growled with eyes glaring, and hands tightening around the coat at every second passing of Crowley’s giggles and metaphors. It fueled deep roaring breaths tense and tucked in Castiel’s chest. His celestial wrath was boiling beneath the surface, the need to smite close to exploding. The parody played of his friendship with Dean was an uttermost ridicule to such a delicate thing. It was the greatest treasure he owned and the most cherished strength he had left after so much loss, so much wrongdoing. It was not a parody or a target of caricature.
“Ohfuckdamn…” Dean wanted to close his eyes as he let his whole-body weight sink down on Castiel, but he couldn’t tear his face away from him. He loved seeing him chip for air below him as Dean got down deeper and deeper. Watching Cas’s eyes roll back before shutting them close and exhaling a long groan along with Dean.
The window was stained red as if sheeted with fine cellophane paper. The light from the full moon hitting the glass illuminated the room with a deep red. Blood was pooling on the floor and glistened like tiny speckles of diamonds. Every now and then the illusion would shatter momentarily as new drops would strike with a drip and a drop, disrupting the still puddle. Dean stood in the middle of the room, panting with eyes black and wicked, his hand holding a knife tightly gripped which fueled the feeling of his own twisted power and need for control. His knuckles would have been white, but they too were soiled in different shades of blood, both fresh and old. Just as his jacket, just as his hair, face and shoes. The only part of him that were free from stains was his back.
, for it sure was tempting. Perhaps that would put an end to the nightmares and the whole Castiel-situation that was in his mind.
He slowly raised himself from the ground with trembling limbs and a hoarse groan. Looking lostly around him one last time before he began to walk. He had no idea where he was heading, but some kind of instinct drew him forward-
Castiel collapsed on top of Dean chest with a flop, and tugged on his chest through heavy breaths and frightened whimpers. “
“Cut the bullcrap, you don’t get to be sorry. I mean, what, you just took a leap of faith and cursed me? Then what? Do you even know how to get rid of this shit?” Dean grabbed the phone and scolded at him, sitting up and wiping everything off of his stomach in a frenzy with the bedsheets. He still felt filthy, but his anger had the upper levarage at this point.
Dean sobbed as he glared at Castiel’s moaning face, seeing him spill out so cruelly all over him meanwhile he himself couldn’t for the second time. It was beautiful but equally a torture.
It kind of hurt, in a way that made Dean realize that last night maybe hadn’t been ‘just a spell’. He felt played. Dean being the insecure teenage chick coerced into something fake by this eons older… teenage bad-boy with rowdy hair. Humiliated to the point were all of his muscles tensed up into stone.
Dean scratched the back of his head, thinking about if he should run after the angel before he sapped himself out of here. It would probably be a good idea; he’d want to make sure that things would not get awkward between them for the sake of future hunts and endeavors. Firstly though, he’d have to put Charlie into a real bed instead of letting her sleep at the cold floor. He quietly walked over to her, removed the beer bottle that she loosely held in her hand. He couldn’t help but to chuckle at the sight, she must’ve just dozed off somewhere mid count. Dean propped his adopted sister up and put his arms under her pits and knees as gently as he could, and then carried the sleeping beauty back to the room she usually claimed when she visited the bunker. “You’ve really done it now, kiddo.” He muttered.
Castiel moaned on Dean’s throbbing stick as Dean just kept exhaling air, turning his lungs into raisins. So thankful that Castiel was holding him against the door so strongly, else he’d flop down like a soft spaghetti. “mmmm…” Cas hummed as if he was tasting the most delicious treat he’s ever experienced. The angel had ‘oh, sweet ecstasy’ written all over his teary face choking deeper and deeper on Dean.
skin. Yes, he should flay them because of that shouldn’t he? He would do the world a favor ridding it from scum that walked on the earth. He’d cut them, slow and with finesse until their bodies ran empty and limp like the worthless pieces of shit they were. And he’d do it until he had efficiently deleted every single genetic trait of fucktards so that they would no longer multiply.
Dean basicly yelled into the air as Castiel practically yanked at his cock slippery with come, using way too much power needed for where Dean was already at. “P-pl- t-take it easss-OoohhFUFffff!” But Castiel only kept purring enochian into his ear, lapping on Dean’s ear and neck without any clear direction, jerking Dean off as if persistent to squeeze out the last bit of ketchup inside the bottle.
Crowley exhaled through his lips and rolled his eyes nonchalantly. Dean eyed him as he reached a hand into the pocket of his black overcoat. He fiddled out a box, clearly older than the queen of England, and Dean couldn’t help but to raise his eyebrows as he saw what the king of hell uncovered from it. It was a small hand mirror, awfully feminine in Crowley’s chubby fingers, embossed in silvery roses and decorations. But then Dean remembered that Crowley did like flashy things, so it wasn’t too surprising.
And there it was, silence, so welcome but tormenting at the same time because it was always followed by a wave of guilt. It had been a week since he last was in contact with Sam. The only person left that knew his phone number.
Reality came and smacked him in the face, causing him to gulp and stare down at his bloody hands, and at the butchered man, and his anthill of corpses. What the fuck had he done?
Instead of the satisfaction of hitting his target, Cas felt his hand being gripped and swung around by the demon, suddenly being choked in a head lock from behind. He tried to tug at Crowley’s arms to halt them, but the Demon kept them in motion as he delivered well aimed punches into Castiel's chest and ribs. He couldn’t even gurgle up a grunt from the beatings, could only kick back with his feet blindly.
. The relaxation might as well be from of the habitual statisfaction of holding a bottle, either way it felt better so it didn't matter. His eyes stared up at the roof, alternating between observing the cracks of the paint or the still ceiling fan. Cars would occasionally be heard driving past his window. The tiny fridge humming. Dean's teeth at the bottle clinking.
“Let him go.” He growled and charged with his blade, hyperalert over the struggled sounds from Sam who was choked by the air controlled by Crowley.
“…Cas, what the fuck have you done?” Dean whispered in the most judgmental manner he could muster, bracing himself to face him, so ashamed to actually do it.
“I’m fine Sam. It was confusing and overall unpleasant, but I am fine now.” It was as much of a truth as it was a lie, but Sam hadn’t been specific. Physically Castiel felt fine, but mentally was another question. Sam hadn’t been specific and so he chose to interpret that the question was aimed towards his physical state. Fine can also be interpreted as neither great nor bad, being in the middle…
“Oh and I’ll get you some of Dean’s clothing so we can get yours washed.  His size is closer to yours, and well he’s not there so, can’t really refuse…” Sam continued, at first feeling a little hesitant.
In taking that away from him, he had robbed him of his chance to reunite with his mother, father, Bobby, and all other friends and family that the Winchesters had lost. All because of the fact that he himself had been selfish. So selfish that the hope he had before to be forgiven by Dean was diminishing into a small crust ready to fall off the skin.
“Dean, I highly advice you to respire.” Castiel heeded but Dean only shook his head. He couldn’t let himself gasp. If he did he wouldn’t know what would come out of his mouth. Castiel grasped his twitching cock and began to pump him- but no sound came out from the him then either. He only pressed his head against the sheets harder. He could hear Castiel spit, and then it came. A thunderbolt spread his body as he was forced to breathe. He could feel Castiel enter his most precious space fully, and hit that sweet bump right on the spot, causing him to whimper uncontrollably.
“A-Are you? Don’t fucking tell me you’re inside my head!?” Dean growled embarrassed as he clasped his hands over his face to escape that piercing gaze. Of course, Cas had been in his mind, he already knew he had been by now, the question was more of an exclamation of his own shame.
“Ah... haah… aaaah... aaaahhh!!!” Dean moaned, feeling his orgasm hit him everywhere in continuous waves –
But it seemed like that feared reality was the one he had bestowed on himself. He had cursed Dean and he had failed them both by doing so, no matter his intentions. He had turned him into the foul breed that had ruined his life in more ways than one. He had failed Sam in the same way by letting it happen, and therefore once again failed at being their guardian angel. Of course Dean had warded himself from him, as painful as that truth was to know.
Dean remembered that they hadn’t been alone. He turned to look at her, but she laid peacefully sleeping on the floor. How long had they been kissing for?
Castiel had faintly gasped as Dean spoke and the mojo vanquished like a snap of the fingers. He was stuck staring at Dean as if he was the dearest thing on earth, but also like a snack ready to be eaten. Perhaps hearing it was different from a prayer. Dean wouldn’t know and at this point he didn’t care to know, he just wanted him now.
and damn was he jealous of Sam getting to be around him like that. Dean wishes he could see it too… and feel it. He wanted to brush his hand up Cas’s stomach underneath one of his shirts. A garment that he had been wearing himself. In a way, that was already a statement of ownership - he pretended at least.
He raised his eyebrows and read the last parts in silence. Sam watched intently and even more so when he saw a small tug at the corner of Castiel’s lip, before he folded the paper back neatly and tucked it in his pocket... or Dean’s pocket. Anyway, Cas deemed that the note should have to wait for another time.
“This is- I- Why the hell am I freaking out and then not freaking out? And why am I- no, no, no...” Dean interrupted himself before revealing anything he didn’t want to word out loud, such as how he all of a sudden couldn’t stop thinking about Castiel for some damn reason.
“I had intended to, eventually… But just as the woman’s magazine had foretold, procrastinating only aggravates the inevitable.” He explained with remorse tainting his voice, then simply sighed in an equal fashion. “You must be angry.”
"Fuck, fuck, fuck-!” Cas thrusted before he hiccupped a moan with a last hump. Dean growled, pressing himself down further to meet him. Shivering and feeling himself spill over in his own hand as Castiel whimpered and filled his mouth.
Dean sat up, rubbing the soreness of his brows as if he had been frowning the whole night. Of course, he didn’t know that he actually had done that very thing. Just as he didn’t know that the sting in his wrist was from slamming his fist on the nightstand asleep, trying to shove the thoughts that Cain shoved down into his consciousness back in the damn closet. A closet he entirely denied having but at the same time knew should be kept close and locked away for all eternity.
It was an endless darkness with no dimension. There was no shadow or light to cast any shapes, not even of the tiniest particle of dust. The only thing there was Dean, perplexed at the sensation of not feeling anything at all except his own mind- simply existing there in the space. He couldn’t tell if he fell, stayed afloat or just simply stood up. Because there was not even wind in this empty void. No cold air would fill his lungs when he breathed.
“You should explore some more than Dean’s old rock classics, there’s a lot of different music out there.”
all meanwhile meditating to the sunset on a grassy hill. He had treated the poor dying guy the same manner he had been handled in hell, both metaphorically and on purpose. The man was chained by his hands onto the ceiling and by his feet down at the ground, hanging so peacefully limp as he absently inhaled sharp, weak, and shallow breaths that could be seen twitching at his chest. Blood and saliva formed shiny bubbles once in a while at the corner of his relaxed mouth, and eventually they would plop with tiny splatters before reappearing again, much to Dean’s amusement.
They had no clue over the many times he had touched their foreheads and nudged their dreams into those of joy and peace.
It was an agonizing tease but he couldn’t help himself, running his finger up and down the middle part of Castiel’s tongue with two fingers, stroking it until his fingers soaked with Castiel’s saliva. Swirling them around his tongue every now and again which had Castiel moaning as if he was morphing into a trance that forced him to rut his hips against Dean’s crotch.
The Winchester blinked, shocked to be pulled out of his mind so suddenly. Though grateful, as it seemed to silence Cain and the nonsense he would spew in his mind,
Cas blinked at Sam. The thought of wearing something that hugged so tightly on Dean’s body suddenly made him feel nervous. Clothing was an intimate thing; Another thing that Cas had learned in the Woman’s magazine. The specific garments worn serves as a way of communicating one’s inner self to the outer world, which was something he yet didn’t quite understand. Clothing for him was simply a means of functionality.
“Barbie? Hell, I could never remember. But I made up for it, she was still down for the D in Dean.” He smirked as he thought of his conquest. Then he suddenly realized something that had been puzzling him at the back of his head the whole evening.
“Ah, no. Shrink-wise I prefer Hannibal Lecter, he’s more... Posh? Although perhaps that’s you? You're anything but polite and propper, but the way you dissected that man back there...” Crowley smirked, chewing at the straw while looking at Dean. Intent was in his eyes. Dean could see that he was going to try and fish out the truth one way or the other. He obviously hadn’t managed to fool him.
was that he usually was fine with it back then. As God’s subject he was capable of sacrificing hundreds of people if it were for the greater cause, and he wouldn’t even feel
of course, Dean. A gift from me to you, a mutual benefit for both of us. Whatever wicked intention behind those pretty little lashy eyes of yours, thirst of blood and vengeance etcetera, needs to be fed and I’m here to provide.” Crowley explained with satisfaction as if he had done one of his greatest investments in history, and elegantly handed over the scrolled paper to Dean. “I’ve cut it short for you so you don’t have to… Think too hard, don’t worry.”
But just as he was to report that to Sam he thought of the other things Dean had told him. That he doesn’t get to feel sorry for resurrecting him. He had cursed at him for saving him and he could almost feel how much Dean struggled. All of Dean’s anger aimed at him. “I fear my suspicions of his despise towards me have been confirmed. He…” He said in a sorry voice which had Sam turn his eyes away from his bottle and look at him. “He told me to ‘fuck off’ amongst other profanities.”
He touched the phone in his pocket again, playing with the thought of what would happen if he called the angel. Perhaps he could allow himself to feed the want just a little? The want that was much a like when Sam had made him cut back on his drinking.
“A refill for you sir,” The bartender said and poured the whiskey into Crowley’s glass. “and a Glencraig for the gentlemen here, at a discount. Looks like you need it, hun.” She continued and slid the glass into Dean’s field of view.
Dean’s heart raced picturing him, now with some more clarity in his formerly cursed brain. Nude, cock, semen, lips, nipples and oh-sweet-ecstasy on his face – it all flooded his mind and he blushed bright pink. He cupped his cheeks, letting his cold-sweaty hands cool him down as he gazed down on his feet. Cas had even put his shoes on.
With a frustrated snarl Dean yanked himself up from the bed with the bedsheet wrapped around his shoulders, and with all of his diminishing self-control he darted to the motel bathroom and slam-locked the door behind him. He let out a whimper as he dashed his back against the door, his legs were trembling, and his hard cock were too.
he woke up.” He further explained and felt Sam’s grip loosen on his shoulders. Sam looked relieved and smiled as if he couldn’t quite comprehend what Castiel said.
“Dean? What is going on? Are you okay?” The angels voice so worried that Dean couldn’t help but to grin as he let the waves of pleassure hit him. Yes, he was
Castiel pulled out and rolled to lay down beside him, resting his head on Dean’s chest as they both stared up at the ceiling. Dean couldn’t help but to play with the angel’s hair as his mind drifted. That pizza man sure was a great teacher, thanks to him they both just laid there out of breath. Castiel tickled his finger on Dean’s rib cage affectionatly and silent. Suddenly he felt like the usual Cas, the naïve and oblivious one, someone Dean wanted to protect. It was odd that he had two sides going. So completely different to each other. But then again, so did he. Well, tonight’s action was proof of that.
. As if the corresponding partner wasn’t able to see the sun radiating on the sky. Even a blind man would know if the weather was ‘
“That so?” He said, trying to keep a steady voice. It came out as a heavy breath; he was getting close. He just needed a little more. A little more of Castiel’s voice, describing which of his clothing he was wearing so that he could fantasize about ripping them off his body like a gift wrap. Which t-shirt he would be nipping dirty from the laundry basket to sniff at if he were there in the bunker. “Which ones?”
He coughed, and looked up at her to give her a smile. She was a pretty blonde with just a few freckles that still hadn’t quite gotten to bloom yet, much like his own. But she turned away before he could give her a thanks.
Cas’s lower lip tucked between his front teeth as he bit down on a moan. Seeing him press his head back at the pillow like that; throat exposed and body so willing had Dean dizzy with lust.
“Mhh… So… We gotta find boss cherub and, you just apologize? That sounds ridiculously easy…” Dean said in between passionate kisses, naked on top of Castiel with their chest slick together, hot and sticky with more than one type of body fluid.
Dean panted and hardened his grip on Cas’s hair, legs shivering as if there was an ongoing earthquake. Although Cas was in a way rocking his world like a damn sumo wrestler stomping all over his reason. “w-what about not committing- ahhaH, adultery??” He wheezed, feeling his legs faltering and making Castiel growl. The angel fastened his grip on his hips and held him in place as he kept his mouth greedy like a leech on Dean’s cock. It was clear that he wasn’t allowed to move.
“Ah nice, been lookin’ for these all mornin’.” Dean said with the cringiest acting he had performed to excuse his obvious odd behavior.
.” Dean snapped. He didn’t really appreciate being reminded of what exactly the curse did to his mind, or the implied message from Crowley. As if he knew the abstinence that Dean felt. Although perhaps that was all it was. An abstinence for just anything, and if that was the case then whatever it was that Cain tried to imply actually wouldn’t mean anything at all.
“Sure was...” Sam muttered in between the dabs. “You could’ve been killed running at him like that. You lied didn’t you? About the grace.”
He heard Castiel blurt out in frightful confusion as he propped himself up on his hands, suddenly wide awake. Dean took a deep and shaky breath, satiating his oxygen derived muscles as the weight was lifted from him. “Dean… This is
“Oh, Dean... That was…” Dean heard Castiel growl in front of him with such admiration that he couldn’t help but to smirk at the loss of words from the angel.
He prayed that Cas would just kiss him… And sparks went flying as Cas did, licking deep into his mouth, biting roughly at his lips just as Dean craved to fuel the frustration of wanting him inside him. Just allowing himself to think about it was enough to feel the reach of his own climax grappling at him.
As a Seraph his outfit was solely used to convey modesty to his surroundings, as nudity had been sinful ever since Eve took a bite out of the apple in the garden of Eden. As a fallen angel found the trench coat particularly great at several things. Shielding himself from the wind or the coldness of spring, being one reason. But if what the magazines said were true, he’d cloak himself in the identity of Dean Winchester, and for some reason that made him nervous… but happy.
. “So what, you naked right now?” Dean found himself forced to ask. Just as he found himself forced to stroke his cock faster at the scenery that floated in his mind. To see the angel’s hair dripping wet down between his chest and spine. Or to see him splayed out on a bed with water droplets glistening at his torso. How Castiel’s nipples would be erect by the cold air in contrast to the warmth of his shower, and how Dean would warm them up again with his mouth and tongue.
the size of a finger rubbing dangerously close at his bottom. He hadn’t noticed Castiel shifting or changed any position of himself, so it couldn’t he him... Because Castiel’s hands was still caressing his body, and his dick was standing in the air above Dean’s - and it was also
, slapping Cas’s face away kind of felt like a missed opportunity in a way, seeing as they hadn’t even kissed before. If Castiel’s mouth had felt so good on his ear and neck, then he could only imagine how it would feel against his lips… or on his cock.
"That was different." Cas had the nerve to say, and at that he just wanted to off the damn call, but the sweat and come-residue on his fingers wasn't really vibing with the touch function on the screen. Dean cursed, just fucking perfect.
. Sam had done his best with extracting the sharp metal splinters after the hunt was over inside their old crappy motel room. After a few weeks however, Dean found a hard lump at the backside of his shoulder when he had been performing a thorough shower after a gory hunt. Seeing as they were at the bunker with time on their hands, Sam used some old anesthetic which they had lying about in the infirmary. Dean didn’t feel any pain at all as his brother had pressed the scalpel through his skin, or the forceps digging around into his muscles. He did however feel the pressure at his bones and the underlying flesh. The emotional haze was just like that.
The revelation made Dean’s cock tingle and twitch in his hand. He wanted to see it, Castiel wearing his clothes. So casual and informal –
“How bad is it?” Sam asked, but it already seemed that he knew the answer wouldn't be what he hoped for.
“It won’t go down.” Castiel sighed after a while. “I’ve committed the task of heathenism three times and it won’t go down.” He further explained. Dean felt the hotness of his ears strike back, eyes fluttering at the profound honesty coming from the angel.
Sam had gotten a nasty nick at the back of his head from when Crowley slammed him into the metal door of the bunker. A door that was probably also ridden with germs from - according to Dean; shady drug addicts with rabies.
Don’t worry about it !” Dean smiled and clasped his hand together, mentally cursing every blasphemous thing he could at his face. He got up from the bed and walked over to Sam, placing an arm on his brothers shoulder.
He must let him know, but even the thought of a text message stung as he fingered the buttons of his phone that were in his wet pocket. He wanted to flee, if only for a little while.
Sure, he and Sam may have a habit of engaging blindly in some not-so-small-things, not really thinking about what the consequences would be despite it sometimes ruining some cosmic world order. But it was always out of the good of their hearts. Whenever they’d hurt each other doing those mistakes, they always tried to do better. Lie, fight, make up, repeat – that was the endless tale of the Winchesters. But the main reason Dean found himself frowning was that it had been Crowley’s idea all along to let Cain curse him in order to get the first blade, and obviously the king of hell knew more about the curse than what he had shared from the beginning.
