It was then that the doctor noticed that someone had covered him with a blanket at some point and when he caught sight of the tea tray on the table, he realised it had to be Mrs Hudson. There was a teapot with a tea cosy on it along with a plate of scones and a jar of jam. John lent forward to feel the porcelain, it was still warm enough for a decent cuppa, so he decided to go have a quick shower before breakfast.
John knew that Sherlock had been lured into looking at this case by the possibility of the electricity outage being part of some elaborate scheme. He had been disappointed at the lack of an exciting resolution to the theft but the British Museum were very grateful at any rate.
“You should get a hot bath, dearie, you slept in your chair last night, didn’t you? No wonder you’re so sore, poor thing.” Mrs Hudson fussed over John as he dropped his hand from his war wound with a self-conscious clearing of his throat.
to do with sex… and with that in mind, talking about nurturing something that ‘you can share with other enthusiasts’ becomes a lot more sinister, don’t you agree?” Sherlock watched as Greg’s face grew sombre as he caught on to what Sherlock was insinuating.
“Oh, John! What have you done to yourself this time?” She asked him in a voice full of maternal concern when she saw the splint and how stiffly he was moving. John was about to wave her off and say he was fine when Sherlock appeared in her doorway behind her and he lost the ability to speak for a moment.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Mr Consulting Detective. Sorry is the absolute bare minimum I should be expecting from you, but saying it doesn’t magically make everything better. It’s just a word.” John sighed at Sherlock’s lack of understanding and grabbed the plate the biscuits were on, tipping them off and getting to his feet as well.
:: John! My parents are expecting us both, what am I supposed to tell them if I show up on my own? And I’m not taking the Hollow Client’s brother to dinner! – SH ::
It was late when the pair of them got back to their room. They’d managed to find footage of Aimee Price walking towards the cliff at half 6pm on Friday. They presented everything to the police: the affair and subsequent pregnancy, the phone message placing Holly on the cliff, the fact Mr Price had left his mobile at home and the CCTV evidence. A warrant was issued and Mrs Aimee Price was arrested on suspicion of murder.
“Believe it or not, I don’t do it for her. I worry that the one time I say to her ‘No, make your own way home.’ will be the time she’s found in some back alley, beaten within an inch of her life or worse. I wouldn’t be able to live with that guilt. I don’t mind if I never get any thanks for it, seeing as neither one of us ever acts out of pure sibling love for each other anyway, we both have our own selfish reasons for what we do.” John replied with a helpless little shrug as he turned to head for the door.
“He’s not here, don’t worry, you’re safe, I won’t let him hurt you anymore. The police will get him, I will help once I know you are ok.” The detective heard the sounds of running footsteps, then Greg’s voice swearing behind him before ordering his men to secure the building and surrounding area. The Inspector knelt down, brushing the glass gently off of John’s body before covering him with his coat to keep him warm and help prevent shock.
“Good but uneventful day, I see.” Sherlock declared as the doctor put his bag down on the floor by his own chair, he stepped forward and leant down to give the detective a kiss on the forehead before heading into the kitchen to make them both a cup of tea.
“Are you sure about this? You’re not 100% recovered yet, I’m sure I could walk if you supported me.” Sherlock realised that talking while riding on someone’s shoulders was an interesting experience, his teeth clacked together with the bobbing motion of John’s steps and he’d need to be careful not to bite his tongue.
“Patrick Underwood, I presume?” Inspector Lestrade spoke with authority as he began to read him his rights. “You are under arrest for the murder of Alexa Harris. You do not have to sa-” But when Greg reached for the man, Patrick decided he wasn’t going to come along quietly and he rushed at John to escape.
---EASTER EGG---
“What about the killer? What should we be looking at to identify them?” Greg asked as he put the laptop back on the bed with an air of disgust around him. “Track Callahan’s phone, maybe?”
“Nothing! Mrs Hudson bought two tubs and didn’t like them so she gave them to me. I ate the open one last night and thought I’d share.” Sherlock insisted with an encouraging smile but at seeing the distrusting look, he grabbed the spoon and scooped up some of the ice cream. “Oh, for God’s sake! I’ll have a bite first… see? It’s safe, I promise you!” John took the spoon back and used it to take a small mouthful, making a face.
Sherlock was still for a few moments before he pulled a chair up to the side of the bed and sat down. He hovered his hand over John’s for a beat or two before covering it and giving his fingers a gentle squeeze. Sherlock could feel the door to the ‘LATER’ cupboard opening and he supressed a shudder as the fear washed over him again.
“It’s called Gabriel’s Oboe, it’s from a film I saw when I was younger. I fell in love with the song and found some sheet music online where someone had transposed it from the oboe to flute.” John picked up his new instrument case and tucked it under his arm. “You owe me dinner.”
“Very nice of your brother to arrange a lift home for us.” John commented as he opened the door, letting Sherlock slide in first. On the back seat he found an envelope containing his wallet and phone. Once he’d returned them to his pocket, he turned to watch the city at night, letting his mind wander.
“Yeah, but those are things only you and your brother would notice.” John replied, being as short as he was made it difficult to get trousers and jeans that were the right length. He’d become somewhat of an expert at adjusting the leg lengths and knew what methods worked best for different styles. “Is Mycroft coming to the dinner? Bringing someone?”
The genius sank down at the kitchen table again and chewed on his lip; he was forced to admit to himself that if John didn’t want Sherlock to know about any romantic feelings he might have, he was perfectly capable of hiding them from him. Fisting his hands in his hair, he found his mind wandering to the first time he’d suspected his feelings for John had crossed from that of friendship to those of a more romantic nature.
“That went pretty well, I think.” John commented to his partner as the driver pulled off. Sherlock made a noise of acknowledgement, pulling John into his chest and wrapping his arms around his shoulders to hold him tightly.
“Right, so imagine for now that I’m you and this plate is me, ok?” The doctor asked, holding the plate vertically at arm’s length. When Sherlock nodded, John opened his hand and the plate fell to the ground, cracking into three big pieces and a couple of smaller splinters before John spoke to it on the floor. “Sorry about that, but it was a necessary action to save your life… Now, did apologising and offering an explanation to the plate fix it?”
He thought idly to himself before a light went off in his head.
“It’s ok, I understand your reasons… and I know you wish I’d let you spoil me more often. I’m never going to be a kept man, but I’ll work on accepting the fact you want to spend money on me on occasion.” John reached into an inside pocket and pulled out a bank card. “Though you paid for this suit, it felt fair, seeing as you hid my other one.”
“Oh, you can’t wear that cheap off the peg thing, John, you’ll need a bespoke suit, I’ll make you an appointment with my tailor.” Sherlock placed his violin across his knees as he pulled his phone out of his pocket, about to sort that out when the doctor interrupted him.
“Oh really? Care to tell me which insipid emotion is related to trust then, hmm?” Sherlock glared down at the ex-soldier’s face, watching as his friend chewed the inside of his cheek for a moment, swallowing before he spoke.
“What about expenses for hosting? Do they come out of the income?” John asked as his eyes scanned the screen, every debit had an opposing credit – unsurprising as that was the point of double entry bookkeeping. Any discrepancy would cause an imbalance.
“Ah, good. Dr Watson has been remarkably lucky considering the height he fell from. He has a moderate concussion but no bleeding on the brain, no spinal injuries either. He has broken eight ribs though, some more than once. His left knee was sprained not broken so we’ve strapped it for now. He has a small internal bleed from his kidney but we are monitoring that carefully in the hopes we don’t have to intervene surgically. Finally, he has numerous lacerations from the glass but only three on his back required stitches.” The doctor delivered her news with a small smile, probably pleased to be giving good news rather than bad.
“Considering I know jack about etiquette and I’m the last person who would be described as ‘elegant’, I think the price of my suit will be the least of our concerns.” John replied, downing the last of his tea and getting up from his chair. “If your parents would dislike me just because I wear things ‘off the peg’ then that says more about them than me. Cancel that tailor’s appointment, I won’t be going.” The doctor’s tone and the set of his shoulders told his partner that they were done discussing this… for now at least.
believed that John was interested in Sherlock.
“I was so enraged that I made a plan for when Arnold was next away, he’d talked about the tournament at the gala, you see. Then sneak a vial or two from work, knowing it wouldn’t be noticed until the next stock take, if even then. It was ridiculously easy.” Chen seemed to flinch, disturbed by the sneer in his voice. He raised a hand to play with his necklace, a locket that no doubt had a picture of his late wife and young daughter in it.
“Thanks, Doc, we’ll take it from here.” Anderson signalled for the gurney so they could collect and remove the body, taking another glance around. “I know we don’t know her situation, but it’s hard not to look at all this and wonder how the hell it gets to this stage?” The former soldier sighed as he picked up his bag to get out of the way.
“Oh, check that for me, Sherlock, I set it to let me know when Callahan’s phone was switched back on. It might be Bartley.” The detective grabbed the mobile from the phone holder and pulled up the tracking app and saw there’d been a ping to a mast near their intended destination.
“What on Earth has got you in such a snit? You’ve just solved a case, you know.” John spoke over the notes Sherlock was playing as he brought in two mugs. He placed them on the coffee table, sitting in his chair and picked up his own. Sherlock ignored him, still glaring angrily out the window. Ten minutes later he heard his flatmate’s deep sigh, placing his empty cup down as he stood up.
“Yep. I had no one to care about and no one cared about me either. Every night I sat in my tiny little bedsit with my gun in my hand. I’d put it to my temple, trying to work up the courage to pull the trigger. But there was always a little voice that asked me to wait just one more day.” John sat back up with a sigh and looked at Sherlock, watching the emotions flashing in his eyes.
As John walked out through the main doors, he knew he should head straight home for a shower, some food and much needed sleep. But after sixteen hours of noise, adrenaline and death, he just needed a few moments of quiet.
Sherlock pulled on a pair of latex gloves and opened the handbag. It was a designer handbag, something that shouldn’t have been within a legal secretary’s budget.
“I wasn’t expecting Dr Watson to make his own way here.” Mycroft commented, waving a hand towards the window. Sherlock blinked in shock and looked through the glass, spotting John already sitting with his parents at their table and having what looked to be a lively conversation.
“I’m fine...” Sherlock answered reflexively, even though he knew he sounded very far from ‘fine’. He swiftly changed the subject to deflect Greg’s attention. “I just can’t help wondering how many men Callahan abused, he was there for fifteen years after all. He had plenty of opportunities what with the wrestling and the rugby.” Sherlock froze as thoughts and snippets of conversations started to replay in his mind, making connections he hadn’t previously seen.
“It was isolating too. For a long time, I was in a holding pattern, waiting for the signal to start leaving backdoors in the system for outside agents. I had to keep track of every innocuous detail or anecdote I told, to make sure the story stayed consistent. I became an expert on Russian soap operas, it gave me something to chat about with the others.” Sherlock smiled at watching John biting his lip to stop from laughing, knowing how excruciating that would have been for the genius.
“My parents are going to be in London in a fortnight, they want us all to go to dinner together.” Despite the pair of them being together for some months now, John had yet to meet Sherlock’s mother and father. He couldn’t say he wasn’t intimidated; he could hardly imagine what sort of people were responsible for bringing two geniuses like Mycroft and Sherlock into the world.
Trigger Warnings:
“Harvey Callahan was a sexual predator. He was also a member of a grooming ring and spent his time targeting young men he met while working as an instructor at the Sandhurst Academy. His killer was a former victim… as were you.” John was too scared to move, to breathe, to even blink. It was like watching an oncoming train hurtling down the tracks straight for him and being unable to jump out of the way. At receiving no response, the detective continued.
“You’re talking about sexual abuse. Grooming someone that they then pass around like some sort of shared toy? …I think you might be on to something, Sherlock, but I’m going to need more than coded forum posts if I’m going to openly explore that as a line of inquiry.” This case had just gone from a brutal murder into something altogether more sordid. Sherlock checked his watch; it was too late to go to Sandhurst in person today.
. As he opened the front door, he heard the door to 221a opening as if she’d been waiting for him.
His car pulled up at The Square in Mayfair, the restaurant his brother had booked them a table at two weeks ago. Speaking of the devil, Mycroft was waiting for him just outside the front entrance. Sherlock silently groaned but plastered a neutral look on his face as he climbed out of the vehicle.
“What do you want?” Sherlock answered in an annoyed tone. However, he listened patiently to whatever it was that the British Government wanted from him. “Ugh, how dull. But you’re lucky I don’t have anything else on. Send me the information and I’ll look at it.” Meanwhile John had finished his abdominal crunches and moved on to push ups, something so familiar to him that his pace was almost blistering.
“No more than acquaintances, or so he says. If we take him at his word then it was the odd things that he’d noted about the death that caused him to get in contact with me.” Sherlock was looking at the scenery as it whipped past their window. “Usually most people can’t tell the difference between a significant factor and an irrelevant one but I thought it was worth a look.”
“I wanted somewhere quiet, the morgue has pathologists who might have distracted me… and Molly’s not my favourite person right now, either.” John admitted as he stuck his hands in his pockets. “This is the first time I’ve been back to Barts; you know. Not even one step on the grounds in two years. Though at one point it felt like I came here every single night in my dreams.” Sherlock searched John’s face, trying to anticipate his decision. But he couldn’t read his expression for once.
“Ok, you might not trust me, but that doesn’t explain why you’ve instantly dismissed the idea that my brother could want you.” Mycroft stated as John got out of the car. John sighed and lent down to look back inside at him.
The doctor thought in realisation when he got no answer.
“It was just easier to pretend it never happened, alright? I didn’t want anyone to know about it because all the warning signs were there, I was just too stupid and naive to see them.” He headbutted the door again with a hitch of his breath. “Harvey was warm, caring and supportive. After a lifetime of being starved of affection, here was someone who finally noticed me. I trusted him completely.” At another harder bang Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him away from the door to prevent him from hurting himself anymore.
John woke up the next morning with a start, he groaned as his body reminded him that sleeping in his chair wasn’t the best idea he’d ever had. He glanced at his watch and realised he’d only had four hours sleep at best, having collapsed in emotional and physical exhaustion after trying to process that Sherlock wasn’t actually dead.
“No, I’m only going to do that as a last resort. I could carry you up and back but I need more traction on my shoes.” The former soldier sat down and pulled off his trainers, he flipped them over and used his pocketknife to cut a crisscrossing pattern in to the soles. He tested the grip on the slope and shook his head. “Not enough… Sorry, need your shades.”
“I suppose you want me to fill you in on what’s been going on here before you go presenting yourself back at 221 Baker Street?” Mycroft gave his brother a knowing look while Sherlock tried valiantly to look like he wasn’t chomping at the bit for information on the people he cared about.
“Lestrade! I need back up at the Cannonade industrial estate right now, John’s in trouble!” Sherlock hung up as he bashed through a fire door. He sprinted diagonally across the concrete forecourt towards the building that John had been scouting last.
“Can I help you?” John asked in exasperation, skipping the question of how Sherlock got into his locked flat. He’d broken into enough buildings with Sherlock in the past to know there were very few locks he couldn’t pick.
“But hey, why let the truth ruin a great headline, right? God forbid that anyone might double check the details before hysterically accusing a man of staging crimes, planting bombs and abducting children. The press and the media hold so much power over the masses, they can make the public believe whatever they want them to. Is it too much to expect that when a person’s whole life and reputation is at stake, that the press will exercise that influence carefully and with discretion?” John paused for a moment before he let out one of his gusty sighs, a sign that despite his words, he didn’t expect anything to change. Not permanently at any rate.
“Almost every single person blamed the mirror for the fact they didn’t like the person staring outwards when Sherlock reflected their lives back at them. Because that’s all Sherlock was, a mirror, he wasn’t pointing out anything that wasn’t already there. He did it to me too. Yes, he had as much subtlety as a neon sledgehammer but I couldn’t blame him for MY flaws, could I?” Sherlock’s mouth twitched up in a small smile at this passionate speech from someone who so clearly understood him better than anyone else.
John turned so he was facing Sherlock’s back, taking a small breath to steady his nerves before raising the flute to his lips. He closed his eyes as he tried to imagine himself back in the music room of his old school where he played this song over and over until he had it learnt by heart. John heard Sherlock gasp but didn’t open his eyes as he lost himself in the tranquil beauty of the melody.
The tone of the SMS messages passing between Mr Price and Ms Walters was nothing but professional, the receiving and confirming of instructions, reminders of meetings and the organising of travel and accommodation. The WhatsApp messages were another matter entirely, giving Sherlock all the evidence he needed of a long standing affair. In fact, Holly had sent him a message at 6:15pm last night asking Jonathan to meet her urgently at the cliffs.
“Please, brother dear, do remember to whom you are speaking.” Sherlock said as he removed his scarf and coat to hang up, before taking the leather seat in front of the desk. Both brothers regarded each other with a critical eye for a moment. The older brother had a few more grey hairs and wrinkles but seemed to have retained his general disdain for humanity at large if his facial expressions were anything to go by.
John smiled down at his phone, putting it away in time to hear Sherlock demand entry into Mrs Hudson’s flat, getting up with a tired sigh to run an intervention on her behalf.
“I went to speak to Madison; we were having coffee and I gave her one last chance. I informed her that I made the complaint, that I saw her husband slipping notes into his wallet from patrons and she insisted that I was mistaken. So I drugged her, took her to the bed and told her that if she wanted to act blind then I’d make it a reality for her.” Sherlock stared at Chen’s face, it was the face of someone at war with themselves, with what is right and wrong.
“Pancuronium bromide; that’s our mystery drug according to the toxicology report. It wasn’t in the coffee though; Molly found a puncture mark on her shoulder during the autopsy.” The detective informed his friend as he sent a quick reply and proceeded to bury his nose back in last year’s Profit and Loss Statement.
“Hello, Dr Watson, you know if you wanted to come to work today, all you had to do was ask.” A young man with short red hair knelt down on the floor, putting an oxygen mask over John’s face while his female counterpart grilled Sherlock.
“The serious crime team at the Met have been doing well in tracking down members of the smuggling ring too. The legwork we put in gave them a decent springboard so they could hit the ground running. A job well done, John.” Sherlock added with a small smile as he turned on his stool towards the living room, the doctor flushed and gave an embarrassed little laugh.
“When Mike introduced us, he couldn’t have been any more obvious if he’d shouted ‘Befriend this miserable creature!’ at you as soon as I walked in the room.” That comment made them both laugh, breaking the intense atmosphere a little. “You didn’t have to be the world’s only Consulting Detective to see that I was struggling to find a place where I fit comfortably.”
“That’s because I am. John Watson is a very good man; I know I hardly need to extol his virtues to you. You could certainly do far worse. In fact, your only issue may be convincing
When the train pulled into the King’s Lynn station, the pair disembarked and walked out to the main road. There was a cab rank and they climbed into one and directed the driver to take them into Hunstanton, which wasn’t too far away.
“And why are you so insistent that I do? I thought you hated my writing?” The doctor blurted out as he rolled the seam of his blanket in his fingers anxiously. “You always went on about how it was romantic drivel, my titles were terrible and I always missed out all the important sciency bits… and I very much doubt my storytelling abilities have improved in the interim.” John risked a glance upwards; Sherlock was staring at him with widened eyes, his lips slightly parted in apparent shock.
“Indeed, they haven’t. However, we’ve both recently been introduced to a new school of thought regarding the advantages of emotions. As Brecht also said
The doctor was wearing a new suit, it was off the rack, in fact it looked to be the exact same style as his grey suit except it was a white jacket over a black waistcoat with a white shirt and black tie, rounded off nicely with black trousers.
“I know you probably think I pity you now – or worse, that I’m disgusted because you allowed sentiment to blind you to the reality of Callahan’s manipulation.” The detective gave his friend a knowing look when John coughed and glanced away briefly. “Nothing could be further from the truth. I’m just amazed that, despite your upbringing, Sandhurst and the war, you’ve somehow managed to become the kindest and most forgiving man that I’ve ever met.”
“I just got sick of them always implying that you’re some sort of ‘hanger on’ when really you’re a vital part of proceedings.” Sherlock replied as they took a seat each inside the little café. John grabbed a menu and smiled at his friend.
“You’ll be seeing sensitive information; I don’t want anyone walking in.” He sat down at his desk and logged on to his computer, bringing up their bookkeeping software, before getting up and letting Sherlock take his place.
“Thanks, mate, that’s brilliant, I really appreciate it.” John called back, hearing the detective’s footsteps as he walked away. After about ten minutes, John decided his shoulder was as warmed through as it was going to get so he switched off the shower and stepped out. He put a towel around his waist and slid the door open marginally to grab his clothes.
John was almost as surprised as Sherlock when he threw his arms around the latter and hugged him tightly, neither one ever being big on physical displays of affection with each other in the past.
“What have you done to it?” John asked, having learnt the hard way to distrust any food or beverage offered by consulting detectives that he hadn’t seen being opened or prepared.
“Don’t pout at me, you’re a grown man! …As I was trying to say, I was left with nothing when you were gone because pretty much everything I was doing before involved you. It’s not healthy to be so dependent on another person so I’m going to keep on working for the hospital and the Met. I’ll help you out on the cases but I’m not going to be at your beck and call, ok?” John watched Sherlock’s face to make sure he was actually listening and not just humouring him.
“Sherlock! Are you ok?!” John shouted out in concern as he carefully climbed down towards him, making sure to have a strong grip on roots and rocks. He got down safely with only one or two slipping incidents. The doctor knelt down in front of Sherlock and gently pried his hands away from his ankle. “Twisted it for sure, possibly a sprain but I’m hoping not. No way you’re walking on that.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket in hope rather than expectation.
“But clearly, you won’t for some unknown reason. You can’t blame lack of time anymore, due to this unfortunate incident, you’re likely to have an abundance of free time for some weeks.” The grey eyes were piercing into John’s lowered face, trying to pull the answer out of his pores. “You still write up the cases for your own records. So why won’t you blog about them?”
The lengths of time that the ‘relationship’ persisted after that varied. Some lasted a few weeks, others a few months. Eventually the groomer got bored and moved on, threatening their victim with ruin, taunting them and insisting that their participation was purely voluntary. They counted on the intense shame to keep the groomed silent… Then the cycle would start from the beginning again.
“Honestly, John, I didn’t realise you’d taken my criticism so much to heart, mostly because it didn’t stop you when I said it originally.” Sherlock sat up a little straighter, looking a touch pink and chastened.
“The good doctor here caught himself a murderer!” Lestrade declared, pointedly ignoring John’s glare as he filled the others in on how he’d realised the suspect was hiding at the scene and then rugby tackled him to the ground when he tried to escape.
“Actually, before you all go, there is something I’d like to say.” John felt a wave of horror go through him, his flatmate speaking in public very rarely went over well. He could see a few journalists metaphorically rubbing their hands together in glee at this development.
“I don’t know, why don’t you tell me, Mr Married-To-My-Work?” John replied heatedly, internally cursing when the detective used the remote to turn the tv off, removing his excuse for keeping his eyes fixed on it. He dropped his gaze to his lap instead, beginning to pick at a frayed seam.
“Don’t worry about that, I’ll sort it. You just focus on you.” Sherlock told him, using his tall person magic to seemingly summon a cab from nowhere. He held the door open for John who climbed in carefully and sank into the faux leather seating, directing the driver to Baker Street. “I hope you paid him back for all the pain you’re in.”
Once they were inside and parked, they were both escorted into the administration building, being shown into a large office. The Major was a grizzled middle aged man with a scar that ran down the left side of his face. As he shook their hands, Sherlock made his initial deductions.
“No signal?” Sherlock questioned, getting a nod in return. “You should climb back up and head back to the cabin, you could call for help from there. It shouldn’t take too long for someone from mountain rescue to arrive.” He could tell from the look on John’s face that he did not like the idea of leaving the detective alone one bit.
“I suggest you step on it, Lestrade, Bartley’s left what sounds like a suicide note on the ACAS forum.” The Detective Inspector took one look at Sherlock’s face before turning on his hidden lights and sirens as he stepped on the throttle, he grabbed his radio and asked for back up and an ambulance to meet them at the address.
“Hello, John, I can’t tell you how good it is to see you again.” Sherlock had dropped the accent, speaking in that baritone that the doctor thought he’d never hear again, at least not in this life. John was frozen in shock, his mouth opening to say something but before he could get a sound out, John swayed and his eyes rolled back in his head as he passed out.
When Sherlock knocked on the front door of the very picturesque townhouse, it was answered by a woman who the detective knew by deduction as being Mr Price’s wife.
“Ok, I will, but I’m also going to put my suit on too to compare, let me grab it from my wardrobe.” John pushed his seat back from the table and got up, he jogged up the stairs to what used to be his bedroom. Now he tended to sleep in Sherlock’s room every night, his bed was bigger and more comfortable anyway.
“… N/A. You put down ‘not applicable’.” There was no point in denying that patient/doctor confidentiality didn’t exist when it came to Mycroft Holmes, the embodiment of the British Government.
“M’Tired…”  John admitted, his eyelids beginning to flutter, Sherlock tapped his fingertips firmly against his cheeks while he kept hold of his head. The ambulance had just pulled into the lot and Greg got to his feet to go and meet them, planning to fill them in as they rushed over.
“How much did it cost?” John asked, watching as Sherlock immediately averted his eyes and refused to answer him. “Fine. I’m sure I can find an approximate price. There’s no way a full bespoke suit could be made in a few days so it was probably made to measure. Let’s see… ‘Steed made to measure suit cost’.” The doctor mumbled as he put the query into Google.
“We had a bit of a scuffle and he winded me, I’m fine though. Let’s get out of here.” John reassured Sherlock and the five of them headed out of the alley and back to the main street where a larger police presence was waiting for them. Falcon was put in the back of a squad car and John spotted Lestrade and Mycroft standing at the edge of proceedings.
“She seemed fine, she said she’d see me Monday, like she does every Friday.” Jonathan sniffled again, pulling another tissue out of the box. “We’ve worked together for over five years; I just can’t believe she’s gone.” The detective wanted to bring up the affair, but he needed to get Mrs Price to leave the room first. She’d been hovering near the couch since he’d come in. Sherlock put his hand in his pocket and typed a blind message to John.
“Dr Watson, tell me something, have you met anyone special lately?” Mycroft’s voice broke through the ex-soldier’s thoughts and he opened his eyes again and blinked in confusion.
“Some courier has absconded with a tablet that contains some very sensitive government information. Brother dearest doesn’t think the man knows that; he probably just intends to sell the whole thing for some quick cash. It’s all encrypted, obviously, but the tablet needs to be recovered regardless.” John was listening silently as Sherlock spoke, when suddenly those expensive leather shoes came into his field of vision and the detective finished his count for him. “18, 19, 20. Have a shower, I’ll probably have a lead we can start with by the time you’re done.”
“It was no bother, lad, from what I’ve seen you obviously work hard, making an honest living so I was glad to help. I remembered you from the papers, I just hoped that you still lived here and luckily you did.” The voice was deep with an edge of a Yorkshire accent. Mrs Hudson went to her fridge and opened it, pulling out the carrier bags.
“Alright, if that’s what you think is for the best, then sure. I’ll get the girl’s address from the employee records and get in touch if I find anything.” John gave Sherlock a sincere smile and nod, which his friend returned before he strode out of the shop to flag down a passing taxi.
“My little brother told me he’d enlisted two weeks ago… and there was no way I was letting
“Come again? Doing what exactly? Discussing cheese?” Lestrade came over and sank down to sit next to Sherlock who was already on the site, looking through the posts that Callahan had made.
“I’m having a reaction to something already; I want to scratch my back until it bleeds.” The doctor was practically twitching with the way his skin felt like it was crawling. “You probably memorised what thing she put where, can you tell which one or ones it is?” Sherlock got up from his chair and looked at his friend’s back carefully.
“The rapist known as Harvey Callahan is dead. I killed him with my own two hands, my only regret is that he didn’t suffer more. So remember this, everyone’s actions will catch up with them eventually. I’ve used AA’s moderator privileges to collect and send all members’ personal details to both the police and the media, along with a letter of introduction that explains the real purpose behind this website. You’ve ruined so many lives, now it’s finally your turn, I’m just sorry I won’t be around to see it first hand.”
“Sherlock! It’s quarter past one in the morning. If you go and see Dr Watson now, he’s likely to think he’s delusional from exhaustion. Stay with me tonight, I’ll have Anthea find out his schedule so you can plan how best to approach him.” Mycroft got up from his desk, going to grab his coat from the stand while the detective grudgingly put his scarf around his neck. “He’s also very likely to punch you, you are aware of that, aren’t you?”
“I’ve learnt more about you in the last ten weeks than I ever knew before, you can read Braille, for God’s sake! How many people can say that? Or that they can play the clarinet
“This
The doctor picked up the remote once he got settled, flicking through until he found a crime drama knowing Sherlock would rip it to shreds within minutes. John didn’t think anything of it when his flatmate took the seat next to him, they often shared the couch while watching movies and shows. He’d topped up their wineglasses and put them on the table before sitting back.
“You’d better not have thrown out a perfectly good suit because you want to get your own way.” John called out towards the kitchen, letting out a loud growl of pure frustration when he still couldn’t find it. There was a possibility that the suit was down in Mrs Hudson’s place somewhere, she had tried to stay out of the argument but she may not have noticed an unexpected addition to her clothes cupboard.
John evaded the first swing that the murderer aimed at him by reflex alone, sweeping his leg in an attempt to knock Underwood to the ground. High adrenaline caused the suspect to dodge just in the nick of time but he now had a clear path towards the back door. Patrick took off sprinting, he was almost there when he was rugby tackled from behind and sent sprawling to the ground.
“I’ll remind you of this next time I accidentally melt one of the appliances.” Sherlock replied as he lifted his wine glass of not-ice cider, smiling teasingly over the rim as he took a sip. John chuckled and shook his head good naturedly.
“Molly knew?!” John exploded, his face reddening. Sherlock took a step back to avoid being run over as it was John’s turn to pace. “Christ, Sherlock! You could have told me! I could have helped you! You know I’d have done anything you asked me to!” The betrayal in his tone was so thick that the detective stumbled over his words in his attempt to address it.
“It has nothing to do with masculinity, I’d feel the same even if I was female. I don’t want or need expensive gifts. I want to pay my share of the household bills; I want to be self-sufficient. I want to earn my own wage and contribute to society… and now that I’m pretty sure I’ve missed my appointment; I’m going to head home and prepare myself for your brother’s inevitable tantrum. Goodbye, Mycroft.” John hung up the call and stood from the bench to head back to Baker Street.
“It looks like the epinephrine you took is reducing the swelling, your oxygen saturation is going up and heart rate is coming down. But let’s get you to the hospital for some tests and observation anyway.” The cheery man told John as they got their patient loaded on to a stretcher. John tried to protest that he was fine but his voice came out croaky and he gave in.
Her purse contained a small amount in cash and numerous credit cards.
“So, thanks to the efforts of one man, the brilliant Sherlock Holmes, this historic treasure has been restored to us once more.” The curator handed the detective a present and posed for the photographers to take their shots. John was looking forward to the conference wrapping up and getting some lunch somewhere when Sherlock suddenly spoke up.
“Not that ‘The World is Not Enough’ was one of Daniel Craig’s, mind.” John chimed in with a grin as the trio came to room number 4. The door was closed over and Lestrade pushed it gently. Sherlock heard the doctor gasp before he murmured breathlessly. “That… is an awful lot of blood.”
“Nnngh! Fucking basement walls!” John spat out as he cradled his fist close to his chest and walked over to the sink, running his bloodied knuckles under the cold tap. “Well, that’s broken. Lovely.” The doctor grumbled to himself as he tried to flex his fingers. Sherlock found himself rather relieved that he hadn’t been on the receiving end of that punch after all.
It was The Woman that made John realise his feelings were no longer platonic, if indeed they’d ever been that, he was so jealous of Irene that he was almost spitting… and watching Sherlock pining and seemingly heartbroken over her hurt him more than it really should have done. Once he’d realised that he was smitten, he’d spent the next few weeks terrified that the detective would deduce it and that would be the end of everything.
“It’s not going to be as easy as that, I-I think I just need some time to process this.” John turned, and with shaking hands, he started to make the cup of tea that he had forgotten about when Sherlock had shed his persona. “Can you let yourself out? I want to be alone for now.”
A little later and John was on the beach, it was a cold night and he shivered, heading to the base of the cliffs. He couldn’t get as close to the spot where the body was found as he’d like because the tide had already cut the area off. The doctor looked at the collection of rocks and took his phone out to review the photos he’d taken of Holly Walters.
4.	Sentiment is a chemical defect & weakness.
The doctor sighed at the screen as he sank down on his chair again.
“You have told her that I’m fine and I’ll be home in a few days, right?” John asked as he reached out for one of the flasks with a wince, he was desperate for a decent cup of tea. The catering staff here seemed too terrified to give him anything after Sherlock had enquired into their entire supply line, looking for possible cross contamination with coconuts or horses.
Later when they were safely back in Baker Street, they’d ordered in enough food to feed the entire postcode, sat on the floor in front of the fire and watched all the Lethal Weapon movies back to back. Full to bursting with tears of laughter in his eyes, Sherlock had looked at John’s profile in the light cast by the fire and one word came to mind: Beautiful.
“Alright, alright, no need to lay it on so thick! Thank you but don’t make me out to be some sort of hero, there’s no such thing, remember?” John was too busy pushing himself up from his chair to see the stricken look flash across the detective’s face. “I’m going to go lie down for a bit and get a nap.” He grabbed his crutch and shuffled down the hall into Sherlock’s room and closed the door behind him with a click.
“I suppose you’ve probably had worse injuries chasing after my youngest all over the place.” Violet shot Sherlock a warm smile. “I’m glad he’s found someone like you. Someone who can protect him, patch him up and stand up to him so he doesn’t get too used to getting his own way all the time. You tell me if he ever starts taking you for granted though and I’ll sort him out for you.”
Postscript:
The murder weapon was sitting in the sink, it had been scrubbed clean to remove any trace of fingerprints. The detective noted that the knife was a cheap steak knife, one that could be bought from any high street retailer. The tip of it was broken off, no doubt lodged somewhere in Mr Callahan’s body for the time being.
“On the contrary, John, I’ve been assessing my performances and I’ve found evidence to suggest that I solve cases an average of 37% faster if you’ve accompanied me on them.” Sherlock had ordered himself a sandwich, probably more to appease John than him actually being hungry. “This trend holds true both before and after my absence… and it’s not just because I can use you as a sounding board either, your presence seems to focus me.”
“I used to be able to do fifty reps of everything and run a good ten miles every couple of weeks. It’ll take me some time to get back to those numbers but I’ll get there.” John kept his eyes forward as he worked his abdominal muscles, not sure why Sherlock was still standing there.
“So, the person who told you about this, do they know the woman personally?” The doctor asked as he opened the bottle and took a sip.
“Next time, don’t kidnap someone with military experience, moron.” John muttered to the man as he put him in the recovery position before tying his wrists and ankles together with some storage cords he found. The doctor stood up carefully, but thankfully the dizziness and nausea he’d been expecting didn’t materialise. He padded up the stairs and found himself in a kitchen.
“Come on, there’s nothing more that we can do here. I’ll take you home but I’ll need a statement tomorrow.” Lestrade led him out of the flat and building, getting back into his car. Greg put his hands on the wheel and sighed deeply. “Case closed, I guess, kinda hard to feel good about the outcome though. Are you ok?”
:: Thank you. I’m going to Callahan’s place with Lestrade now, don’t know when I’ll be back so don’t wait up for me. – SH ::
But after ten minutes of doing nothing but replaying the conversation and reciting parts of ‘The Caucasian Chalk Circle’ and ‘Mother Courage and her Children’ the detective growled in frustration, standing up to pace the kitchen.
“And what can you deduce about that, smart arse?” John was tense and his gaze was icy.
“I must say the monochromatic colours do suit him rather well. I think they are still discussing the Surgeons’ Hall Museum, Mummy asked where John grew up and when he said ‘Edinburgh’ there was no stopping her. But the good doctor is holding his own and looks like he’s enjoying the attention too.” Mycroft opened the door as he finished speaking and Sherlock walked through it, heading to the table.
“…Like you’re suffering from pain induced sleep deprivation due to multiple rib fractures?” The detective supplied helpfully with a sympathetic smile. “Don’t worry about it, the clothes you are wearing aren’t as important as your excellent company.” John grinned at him, he loved when Sherlock was in one of these moods; when he was engaging, charming, considerate and he was free with his compliments, his smile and his rich deep laugh.
When the next case that came along gave them an opportunity to get out of London for a bit, Sherlock jumped at the chance. John had been a little distant and awkward in the days following the conclusion of Callahan’s murder. The detective could only imagine the doctor still felt ashamed and embarrassed about the revelations and wasn’t sure how to act now his flatmate knew that he’d been in an emotionally toxic relationship. A distraction would do them both some good.
“Why not then? Even the most unsophisticated of invertebrates has a sense of self-preservation. Survival of the fittest will dictate that those creatures who don’t protect themselves will perish and fail to pass along their inferior genes.” Sherlock was right behind John as the doctor grabbed a local guidebook from the table beside the bed. “Maybe it is a good job that I interrupted the love-in with Mrs Price then, we wouldn’t want to saddle some poor child with half of your already pathetic and lacking gen-”
“Apart from the fact that it’s obscene to spend four figures on an item of clothing and I hate it when Sherlock spends ridiculous sums of money on me, you mean? Well, there’s also the fact I want your mother and father to like me for being me, not for me being some sanitised fake version of me. I’m working class, I’m not ashamed of that fact and I don’t want to be made to feel that I have to hide my background.” John replied, keeping his eyes open just in case Sherlock decided to show up and drag him kicking and screaming to the tailor’s studio.
Once Sherlock was certain their flat was an allergen free zone, he took the rubbish bag down the stairs to put in the outside bin. John was dozing in his chair when his phone buzzed with a message.
A few hours later and John came back down the stairs into the living room, he’d just finished putting away all his clothes and was looking forward to relaxing and enjoying the remainder of his day off. He’d just sat down on his chair when Sherlock appeared and thrust an open tub of ice cream under his nose.
“If this is even half of what you felt when I jumped then I’ll never be able to say sorry enough… and you were thrown out that window! You didn’t want to fall, didn’t want me to see something like that! But that’s what I put you through
“Yes and no.” Sherlock answered as he pulled in the fabric of the jacket at the waist in an attempt to show John what a more fitted suit would look like. “The grey is a nice colour for you, it was a tough choice between that and the blue. Now go and try on the other one.” John nodded and allowed himself to be pushed back towards the bathroom.
:: Are you alright? – SH ::
Not that John could actually move around much, eight broken ribs plus more bruises than any one person should have at once meant even shifting slightly was agony. Sherlock had brought him some things from home to occupy him, his laptop, his notebook plus some other books. The detective was currently down at New Scotland Yard, he was briefing a team on the information they’d gathered on the organ trafficking gang.
The sound of the double doors of the ward opening made John look around, smiling when Sherlock strode over to him, carrying a small wicker basket. The detective grinned back at him and placed the basket on the edge of the bed.
“When? He’s never told me about anything like that.” Sherlock walked over to the graduation picture he’d been looking at before they found John. Lestrade gave Sherlock a weird look at hearing the petulant tone.
“While I can appreciate looking out for a mate and making sure he didn’t sell himself short, it wasn’t up to you who I did or did not date. Speaking of Sarah, she’s married now actually, think the guy is an accountant. Funnily enough, the man who almost got her killed didn’t get an invite to the wedding.” The doctor gave an over-exaggerated shrug, making the detective smile.
responded positively to being told they or their emotions are ‘tedious’?” John asked as he consciously loosened the death grip his fingers had on his cup. He watched the small flickering movements of his lover’s eyes that revealed he was rapidly reviewing memories in his Mind Palace.
“I am well aware that you are used to looking after yourself but insisting on doing so when someone is willing to help is just inefficient and illogical.” Those words worked then; Sherlock could only hope they would have the same effect now. “Also, I would consider it the greatest honour if you would trust me with your tears like you do your life.” John’s head whipped up; he’d obviously never expected the detective to say anything like that to him.
“Yes, you’ve hit the nail on the head again. Well done, you’re on a roll! This guide that Callahan has written has nothing to do with cheese and
There was an equally filthy three-seater couch against the back wall, a small coffee table covered in scratches, plus a sturdier looking unit with a cheap flatscreen TV on it. Lying face down among the squalor was the body that the doctor was here to examine. John approached the corpse, kneeling next to the woman. As was his habit, he lowered his head for a moment in respect for the dead before reaching into his bag and retrieving some latex gloves.
Sherlock was grateful for the darkness as he lurked near Dr Chen’s suburban house; he was trying to think of a believable cover story for knocking on the door at past ten at night. He was sure he could confirm if Chen was their serial killer if he could just get inside and speak to him. An idea finally came to him, he’d pretend he’d been mugged and ask to use his phone. No medical professional he’d ever met had been able to refuse someone who was hurt.
The doctor opened the bedroom door and caught a whiff of something cooking, something delicious, and it made his mouth water. He padded into the kitchen to find Sherlock tending to a sizzling wok on the stove, he’d cleared the table of clutter and equipment, setting two places for them.
shaking as he tried to sound normal.
Most of her injuries were readily explained by the fall, but he’d noticed fresh bruising and redness on her cheek. John frowned as he looked between the photo and the cliff face, wondering if she’d caught it on the way down.
“I submitted a complaint that Arnold Teller had pocketed over three hundred quid at that gala event. When a couple of weeks went by without me hearing anything, I called in a favour. Someone I knew from the IT department in Allatel told me the complaint was deprioritised and then deleted from the system. Someone using Madison Teller’s access codes.” Flecks of saliva formed at the corners of his mouth as he viciously kicked the pole Sherlock was tied to, sending a vibration through him.
John had just about convinced himself that the gesture was entirely innocent when those long musician’s fingers began caressing his far shoulder. John had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from gasping in shock.
Much later and John was watching as Sherlock systematically examined every product, food or otherwise, in their flat for coconut or any derivative thereof, throwing any offending items into a bin bag that he was dragging behind him.
“Let me get you out of here then, Doc, I just need to ask you a bit more about how you know him and when you last saw him, alright?” Greg led the shell-shocked man out through the door and back down the hall. Sherlock looked after them for a moment, feeling a vague sense of disquiet for a reason that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
a nice suit…” Sherlock admitted as he came up behind his lover and straightened out his collar. “But it’s not suitable for every occasion, and it’s obvious that it’s not been properly fitted. You’re slimmer at the hips than your clothes size would normally dictate and your trouser legs don’t have a clean line because you’ve taken them up.”
for John from his brother, the insufferable bore probably knew about it before even the detective did. Neither mentioned it because they both knew that Sherlock had no intentions of acting on those feelings, for reasons they both understood and agreed upon… until now so it seemed.
“True, but I’ve already worked twelve hours out of the last twenty-four and I’m looking forward to some food and a cup of tea.” John put the bags on the counter and rooted around in them for the receipt. “Ah! Here it is, have a seat, Mr Doyle, I’ll put the kettle on and get my wallet.”
When Sherlock had returned six months ago, John spent two weeks couch surfing between Greg’s, Sarah’s and Mike’s places while he worked through the emotional turmoil he was feeling. Eventually he had returned home, walked into the living room and had told Sherlock that if he ever pulled a stunt like that again, John would kill him himself. Then he’d kissed the madman on the lips and the rest was history.
Sherlock looked on with an air of numb horror as Morgan deteriorated rapidly, he stopped breathing then he went into complete cardiac arrest. They worked on him for a full ten minutes before they admitted defeat. Sherlock didn’t even realise he was shaking until Greg put a hand on his shoulder.
I’ve noted lately that the good doctor seems to have had a softening effect on you, little brother.” The civil servant watched as Sherlock flicked his gaze up and narrowed his eyes.
The doctor had evidently seen or sensed something in Sherlock that made him want to open up to him. The detective wasn’t sure he’d ever done anything to deserve the kind of loyalty that John showed and continued to show to him, but he silently promised himself to try and become someone worthy of it.
“Probably, I haven’t spoken to them since my passing out parade after basic training when I called to tell them I was being deployed to the Middle East. Not sure they even know I got shot and discharged.” John replied in an off-hand manner as he got up to take his empty cup in to the kitchen to wash up. Sherlock checked the time on his watch and jumped to his feet.
“There’s plenty about me that you don’t know, you arrogant git!” John shot back with a disbelieving shake of his head, watching as a dark light dawned in Sherlock’s grey eyes, the case temporarily forgotten.
“We might not have to wait for that, we have some leverage now, all we need to do is to apply some pressure.” Sherlock tossed the papers back on the desk, standing up and striding out of the room. John grabbed his notebook and hesitated for a moment about leaving the room in such a tip,
“I was in Serbia when my identity was compromised by a careless contact and I was captured. I was imprisoned for eighteen days before the cell was taken down. They had interrogated me for information: starved me, flogged me etc. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you of the sorts of methods that can be employed by enemy operatives.” John nodded grimly, dropping his hand over Sherlock’s where it rested on the bed, squeezing it.
“You know, you were right about me, Sherlock.” Sally’s voice broke through his thoughts and he glanced at her trying not to let his surprise show on his face. Donovan was speaking to him but her eyes were on John. “I am jealous of you. I’m an envious person by nature, always wanting more, always wanting what someone else has.” The detective was startled, was she declaring a romantic interest in John? And was she implying that
and silenced the ringer.
“W-who are you?!” He cried out in fright, his voice slurring as the remains of a two litre bottle of cider was knocked off the bed. The detective heard the front door flying open behind him as he entered the bedroom. “Don’t come any closer!” Morgan opened the bottle in his hand and brought it towards his lips.
“When I first listened to the voicemail, my reaction was pretty similar to Harry’s – a non-reaction. Like when someone tells you something random that has nothing to do with you or what you’re doing.” John lifted the mug that Sherlock put in front of him, blowing on it and taking a sip then he grimaced. “Ugh! I don’t take sugar, you know that.”
John spotted his phone switched off on the dining table and put it in his pocket as he carefully made his way through the house. His left shoulder was screaming at him, he needed to take something for it but that was going to have to wait until he got home.
you’d spend four figures on?” Mycroft asked with a curious note in his voice, he didn’t seem to be trying very hard to change John’s mind, maybe he recognised a lost cause when he saw one. John made a humming noise as he wracked his brains.
“Yes, but you do have to be alert to the consequences of striking someone in the vicinity and direction of a sheer drop. Mrs Price also could have notified the authorities straight away, it wouldn’t have saved the victim but it would have counted towards any charge and sentence.” Sherlock was already in the bathroom, having just finished brushing his teeth.
“Wait, the Hillman Inquiry? What was this?” Sherlock asked as he took a sip of the whiskey. He had consciously avoided any news from the UK while he was hunting down everyone in Moriarty’s network, he couldn’t risk being distracted on his critical missions.
“That’s good then, John is much more suited to emergency medicine than general practice.” Sherlock closed the manila file and tossed it back on the desk as he stood up. “I need to go and see him immediately, he did so much for me while I was away, more than I ever expected him to do. Plus, his sign off at the end of the press conference was so brilliantly John that I feel like I should bring him a bottle of this whiskey, he’ll love it!”
“Fear... When you trust someone, you aren’t scared of what they might do.” John told him quietly, blinking against the sudden tears in the corners of his blue eyes as Sherlock gasped. “When you go off on your own, I’m scared that you are going into dangerous situations without me to watch your back and make sure you get out alive. I’m also terrified that you’re planning to leave me behind again. Either way, I wouldn’t survive your death a second time, that’s a fact.” All of Sherlock’s rage melted away into a knot of guilt in the pit of his stomach.
“Then I bumped into an old friend who introduced me to a madman and before I knew it, I had people I cared about again. I didn’t feel the need to talk myself into waiting one more day anymore.” The doctor saw his flatmate swallowing a sudden lump in his throat. “… And if it hadn’t been for the fact that I knew Mrs Hudson and Greg cared about me then I wouldn’t be here right now, looking up at my best friend who I thought had died right in front of me.”
“As if. I just have too much respect for the Guv and the Doc to get into any more petty squabbles with you when we’re all trying to do a job here.” Donovan kept her voice down so they wouldn’t be overheard. Sherlock glanced over to where John and Greg were discussing something as they waited for the crime scene photographers to finish up. At least her answer appeared to mean she didn’t think he was a serial killer in the making anymore.
A chill ran down his spine as he sprang into action, running down the remaining steps as he called Greg.
John watched as the brothers read the story of his gruelling emergency shift off his tired face and aching body. The older Holmes’ expression was unreadable as usual, but the detective was frowning in concern, he pulled a bottle of water out of his pocket and handed it over.
“Right, knowing you it’ll be a posh place, yeah? Good thing I’ve got a decent suit.” The doctor blew on his tea before taking a small sip, pushing his anxiety away. He usually made a good impression on previous partners’ parents, being a doctor tended to impress them if nothing else.
“Don’t stretch! I’ll get it!” Sherlock plucked the thermos out, unscrewing the cup at the top and setting it down on the wheeled bed table. “She knows, she just wants you back as soon as possible.” He filled the cup with tea, putting the lid back on and moving the table so John could reach.
“So it appears. He posts under the name ‘AmateurAffineur’- which is an oxymoron, by the way. Others on the forum simply refer to him as AA for short. He’s a moderator and looks to be one of their top contributors. There’s a pinned post from him going over the basics of how to age cheese properly.” Sherlock clicked on the entry to bring it up for them, reading select paragraphs out.
“As a last throw of the dice, I enlisted. I thought that if there was a real chance of me dying then they might finally take some interest in me while I was still alive. Worked about as well as Harry announcing she was gay. But as it turned out, the Army was perfect for me, it was a place where my hard work was noticed and I fit right in. I decided then that blood doesn’t have to mean anything, you can pick your family if you really want to.” John fell silent after that, staring into the fireplace, no doubt reliving his happier times with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
In the privacy of his own mind, the detective could admit that it was more than a little arousing that John could carry someone so much taller than he was. He’d always known that the ex-soldier was a strong man and in exceptionally good shape, but there was a difference between being aware of that in the abstract and having a prime view of muscles bulging and straining as John dragged the pair of them back up the incline.
“Well in that case, that’s it. As I said before, it’s been hard for me to find a guy I’m really into.” John gave the man on his shoulders a playful little bounce that both surprised and delighted him. “What about you? Same question.”
“Not quite, I can usually deduce the most important things in a few seconds. I’d need an hour or so to know everything there is to know.” John could tell that Sherlock was internally preening from the recognition of his skills before he waved a hand towards his flatmate. “Take my blogger, for instance, I’ve known him years now and there is nothing about him that I don’t know.” The detective was visibly taken aback by the doctor’s immediate snort.
“It took a long time to get there, if Sherlock had been here then I’m sure he’d have cleared his name in a quarter of the time and we would have been eating Chinese takeaway while he corrected the telly by now.” A tiny nostalgic smile crossed John’s face and a brief light sparked in his blue eyes before it disappeared again. “But he’s not here, so it was down to me. It had to be me because I’m the one who put him in the firing line in the first place.”
“Well I can’t help you with an ID, my focus was entirely on John, the guard could have tap danced past me twice and I wouldn’t have noticed.” Sherlock grimaced at the tea as if it had done him a personal wrong.
“But how? John types with only two fingers and can’t work a self-service checkout without shouting at it. These things would require someone with computer skills, access to CCTV footage and GPS locations. He couldn’t have dug it up himself and getting someone else to do so would have cost serious money.” His drink was forgotten on the desk; Sherlock shifted so he was sitting crosslegged in the armchair as he re-read the file to see what he’d missed on the first look.
“Obviously your scales are heavily weighted on the side of saving lives, doctor. Yes, you were on the front lines but your primary objective was to treat your comrades rather than fighting insurgents. As for the tally since you’ve been a civilian, I’d say you saved more lives just last night than you’ve taken in nearly four years… and that’s without getting into a debate on the relative value of one person’s life in comparison to another.” Sherlock replied with an assured air, as though the answer should never have been in doubt.
“We both know that matters of the heart aren’t my area – or yours… But I know what I can see in front of me.
Sherlock jumped to his feet when he heard the water running, striding in to the kitchen and filling the kettle, turning it on. He dug out two mugs and prepared the tea. He began looking through the cupboards for some biscuits or something for John to eat, deciding he needed to take his friend out soon to get a proper meal in him for once.
John hated it when Sherlock told him to distract people, he was never very good at making things up on the fly. Pair that with his terrible acting skills and he usually became the distraction itself, much like a jester in a royal court. Luckily it turned out their client was a technician at the morgue, the information he provided would work as a believable cover story, couple that with genuine feelings and he should be ok. The door opened to reveal a woman, his target he figured.
“Thanks for coming you two, I appreciate it. The photographers are just taking their pictures then I’ll let you at the scene. Nothing else has been touched. There’s a handful of odd things about this one so it’s right up your street, Sherlock.” Greg led them into the large semi-detached house where John and the DI split off to pull on some protective clothing. Sherlock was looking around the hallway when he felt eyes on him and he turned to see Sally Donovan standing there.
“Aww, well aren’t you just full of nice things to say today?” John smiled, turning his head away slightly as he blushed. “God, my head doesn’t half hurt.” He complained as he rubbed his forehead with a frown.
However, Sherlock found a small photograph hidden between a Costa loyalty card and an organ donation card. It was of a smartly dressed man standing at a lectern, giving some sort of talk, lecture or even possibly a press conference.
Descriptions of gore/blood.
“Caring saves lives, Mycroft… and whether caring is an advantage or not depends on the person in question, not the feelings involved. The fact I have people I care about gives me strength, and knowing people care about me gives me courage.” John hauled himself to his feet finally, he swayed a touch but Sherlock steadied him with a hand on his shoulder.
That thought made Sherlock pause, his older brother may be a lot of things but needlessly cruel wasn’t one of them. He wouldn’t set Sherlock up just to humiliate him, which could only mean that
a new suit. I have a suit. I will wear that suit to dinner with your mum and dad in two weeks’ time.” John was speaking very clearly and slowly, the way he tended to do when he wanted the detective to know he was being exceptionally serious and not to argue with him.
The detective thought to himself as John began to speak.
“Still say it’s the most beautiful country I’ve ever been to. Wish I had taken more time to appreciate it while I could.” John saw an understanding flick at the corner of the detective’s mouth, neither of them had been able to bask in the pleasure of the scenery on either of their campaigns abroad.
“Johnny, I’m not ringing for money or anything so don’t just delete this like you always do. I have some bad ne- well, some news then. Dad’s died. Not sure what of but I found out through an old friend that still lives in our hometown. Thought I’d warn you so you can at least feign grief if someone else tells you, I’m just hoping my non-reaction will be written off as shock. Text me, alright? Take care of yourself because -”
It took 1.5 seconds longer than it should have done for his mind to come back online after that thought stalled his brain. Sherlock ran silently up the stairs, not wanting to startle John if at all possible. When he reached the bedroom, he gripped the handle and turned it slowly, pushing the door open.
The detective had started looking into the situation immediately, it seemed unregistered and untested donor organs were being brought in from abroad to feed the black market demand. Patients on the waiting lists were desperate, they and their families willing to pay obscene amounts for the chance at survival. It was a vile trade that preyed on people’s despair and needed to be stopped, never mind the irresistible inference that not many of these organs had been sourced ethically – or legally for that matter.
“Yes, he said that if one looked at the bedroom and the bathroom then you would think they were from two completely separate crime scenes. It was enough to make me curious so I thought it was worth a look.” Sherlock replied as they headed into the building together, they found the Inspector waiting for them in the lobby by the reception desk.
cider rather than apple juice.
:: You done at the morgue? Our victim was having an affair with her boss and I’m going to pay him a visit. – SH ::
“Alright, let’s go to my office and I’ll give you the access you need. I can also walk you through the policy on donations.” Nick looked uncomfortable with the situation but seemed to accept that they needed to get to the bottom of this, especially if he wanted to go home any time soon. As he led them away, John took the opportunity to get some social background on the players in this case.
“I’ll get someone on it. Come on, let’s head back into London and I’ll drop you off at yours.” Lestrade sighed as he shook his head again, leading them out of the apartment. “No matter how long I do this job for, I never get used to cases like this. Maybe the day the darker side of humanity doesn’t shock and horrify me is the day I should retire…” Sherlock put his hand on Greg’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze in silent solidarity.
“I will but where will you be?” Sherlock looked down at John as he chewed on his lip in worry, he didn’t like the thought that today could be the end of everything that they had shared together… for good. He wished he could influence the decision but Lestrade’s warning stopped him, the choice had to be John’s alone.
“Has the fiancé been found?” John asked pertinently as he pulled on his scrubs and protective gear. When he walked into the front room, his gaze was automatically drawn to the body of the young woman, she was lying on her back in a pool of her own blood and he could see at least two wounds.
“We’ve lost her. Calling Time of Death at… 7:16pm. Sorry, team, and thank you.” John sighed as he checked his watch and wrote it on the deceased’s chart, his heart was heavy but another patient needed his attention as their heart monitor screamed an alarm.
Lestrade had noticed that the doctor had gone quiet and was about to speak but John raised his hand to silence him.
“We’ve found one of the missing eyes, sir.” She nodded towards a sideboard unit filled with personal knickknacks. Sherlock approached it and saw the eyeball sitting inside the bowl of a golf trophy. “We’re still looking for the ot-”
Reasons Against Initiating Romantic Entanglements With John
“Yes, that would be lovely, thank you… Oh, and Sherlock?” John waited until he had Sherlock’s attention before continuing. “You’re a good friend, the best in fact.” The pink flush that leapt across that normally stoic face was frankly adorable. John hid his smile in his cup as Sherlock snapped out of his shock and wordlessly raised his violin to play.
John followed the path from the beach up to the cliff, the slight incline and distance warming his muscles against the bite of the wind. He found Sherlock already up there, he was kneeling and looking at some footprints in the sandy ground through his magnifier.
:: That explains everything. Glad you’re alright, mate. Take care. – GL ::
Sherlock was grateful for the rescue, letting John pull him to his feet. Sherlock was a little unsteady but the doctor put an arm around his waist to support him. Lestrade put Chen in the back of his squad car after telling the other two to report to New Scotland Yard tomorrow for their statements. John was about to call for a taxi when a black sedan pulled up to them.
When he caught back up to his flatmate, he found him having an intense discussion with Nick Manning, Allatel’s Chief Financial Officer, their point of contact who was currently staying very late to ‘assist’ them.
“I’m afraid evidence has come to our attention that paints the situation in a vastly different light.” Lestrade reached into the file and withdrew the CCTV picture. “Major, do you recognise this young man? We wish to speak to him in connection with our inquiry.” Deakins took the picture and studied it for a moment before he handed it back with a shake of his head.
His anger left him and he mentally berated himself, what John wore wasn’t important, it never had been. Otherwise those hideous jumpers would have put him off a long time ago. It didn’t matter if Sherlock felt his lover deserved the finer things in life, displays of wealth didn’t impress John and they never would. His humble beginnings made him one of the most down to Earth people Sherlock had ever met and he wouldn’t change him for the world.
John awoke with a jerk, he cursed when the movement pulled his left shoulder. He noted his arms were threaded through the backrest of a plastic and metal chair, his wrists handcuffed together; his ankles were unbound and he realised he was in some sort of cellar when his eyes adjusted to the gloom. John could see a washer/dryer along with a lawn mower and an old bench press, all gathering dust.
“Hmm, the skimming must be happening before the figures get recorded in the software then. A cheque can’t be cashed in just anyone’s account so that rules them out. What happens when patrons pay for tickets in cash? Is there any opportunity to put a hand in the till, so to speak?” Sherlock turned the chair around so he was facing the pair of them, steepling his fingers in thought.
But before Sherlock could put a voice to that thought, Lestrade put his notebook away and put a hand on John’s shoulder.
“They are still pulling people out of the rubble, but they’re finding less survivors.” John overheard a paramedic speaking to a staff nurse as he rushed past them to grab another IV stand.
She lived alone and probably would not have been reported missing until Monday when she failed to turn up for work. However, as it was, a man was walking his dog along the beach near the cliffs when he spotted her red coat on the rocks. This was at shortly before 8 pm, luckily the tide had yet to come in or the body would have been carried out to sea.
“Now? Seriously? You want to have this conversation right now?” John asked in an incredulous tone, glancing over to see Sherlock’s expectant face. “Fine… women, I’ve slept with twelve total. Kissed and dated more, my army mates make me sound like some sort of rampant lothario but really, that’s all. As for men, well, there was Harvey and the other guy...”
“Morning. Thanks for this by the way, I was just thinking it has been a while since I was last kidnapped.” John’s voice was full of snark because he was in pain, pissed off and this guy was beyond ridiculous. “You do realise that you can’t scare Sherlock off a case by taking me, it’ll just make him more determined to catch you.”
Sherlock didn’t answer him but was evidently in full sulk mode.
“Kinda hard when I know this thing costs ten times my annual registration and practice fee with the GMC.” Though he did make an effort to stand up straighter to look at his reflection. He had to admit it was a very comfortable suit and it fit perfectly. He caught Sherlock’s eyes using the mirror. “It’s a very nice suit, but it’s not two and a half grand better than my one in my opinion, I’m sorry.” Sherlock gave him a look that he usually reserved for Anderson whenever the latter attempted to be clever and missed by a country mile.
“It’s probably no surprise to you that the criminal underworld is backed by drug and blood money. There’s no way we could dismantle the network without cutting off the flow of funds. We must have shut down five cocaine factories in Venezuela and Colombia alone.” Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to John’s face. “Spent some time in Afghanistan too for the same reason.” The former soldier nodded slowly.
“Sherlock?” The doctor asked in a confused voice, frowning in concern when he realised that his friend was trembling. He attempted to turn around but the detective tightened his hold and wouldn’t let him.
“You were right, one broken rib that had punctured your right lung leading to a tension pneumothorax, the paramedics that arrived shortly after you passed out performed an emergency needle aspiration to release the air from your chest cavity. Scans showed that the tear was minor and indeed it’s already sealed itself without further surgical intervention.” Sherlock’s tone was matter-of-fact but the former soldier could read the flashes of emotion in his eyes.
“So, what’s the damage?” John asked out loud, he wasn’t in much pain so he guessed he’d already been given the good stuff, there wasn’t a chest tube in place either but that didn’t mean one hadn’t been needed before. Sherlock stood from his seat, clasping his hands behind his back as he approached the bed.
“You’re the detective, what does it look like?” John had gone rigid, undermining his attempt at nonchalance, so he tried to deflect the attention. “Why are you going through my things anyway? I asked you to take the stuff up, not to unpack it for me.”
“Very fitting, I agree. You’d best get going then, don’t worry, I’ll sort this out and see you later.” Sherlock waved at the broken plate and leftover tea things. John nodded his thanks, straightened his spine and walked out the flat without another word.
⠠⠊⠞⠠⠴⠎⠀⠮⠀⠇⠊⠣⠞⠀⠞⠀⠞⠻⠗⠊⠋⠊⠑⠎⠀⠮⠍
“When the General Medical Council suspended him from practice for six months for pleading guilty to assaulting a police officer, Henry Knight was the one who paid the legal costs and accompanying fine. John said he wouldn’t be able to look himself in the eye anymore if I made the disciplinary action ‘go away’ as he put it.” The civil servant puffed his cheeks out in a rare show of petulance at the doctor’s stubborn streak.
“I have! I wouldn’t have said that I had forgiven you if I hadn’t!” John was insistent, obviously trying to keep his voice low so they wouldn’t wake up Mrs Hudson with their argument. If the violin hadn’t already done so, that is.
“To see me?” John asked bemused, he hadn’t been expecting anyone today. He turned to take his coat off as Mrs Hudson gestured to her flat.
“You really should get that hand seen to, John, I’ll take you after you’re done.” Greg looked down at the doctor, who glanced back up, ready to protest. “I’m not giving you a choice, mate, I’ll arrest you if I have to. You know I will!” John grumbled with a sigh as he went back to work.
“Found him! We’re chasing him through SW16 right now!” John didn’t wait for an answer, shoving his phone back in his pockets as he put on a burst of speed to try and close the distance that had opened up as he’d made the call.
This case had come to his attention after John heard of a spate of patients being admitted with serious complications due to unlicensed transplant surgery while working at the UCH. After the sixth case, and third death, the doctor had had enough. He’d come home from his shift, explained to Sherlock everything he knew and asked for his help.
“Here, I got you a tea. I put double your normal amount of sugar in it.” Greg told the detective, passing the drink over. “The security guard had fled the estate by the time we got there but every officer in the Met is looking for him. The Doc is one of ours and we look after our own.” Sherlock made a small noise of acknowledgement as he blew on his drink and took a sip.
“But coming back on track, Doctor Watson made enough waves that soon gained momentum, leading to the announcement of the Inquiry. Once set up, it heard live evidence over four months before the panel retired to consider matters. Three months later they declared you innocent of all suspicion, criticising both the Metropolitan Police and the mainstream media severely. There was quite a memorable press conference that followed.” The elder brother picked up the remote and pointed it at the flat screen hanging on the wall.
There were some makeup items, a hairbrush, a spare pair of flat shoes and other things that would be expected in an average handbag. Her purse and mobile had been logged separately.
⠠⠙⠜⠅⠰⠎⠀⠓⠕⠇⠙⠎⠀⠝⠕⠀⠋⠑⠜⠀⠿⠀⠮⠀⠃⠇
“I swung by Baker Street on my way here, Mrs Hudson has been stress baking again. There’s enough scones and biscuits in here for the entire ward. Plus, three thermos flasks of your favourite tea.” Sherlock opened the basket and tilted it slightly to show the contents.
The room wasn’t very big, barely big enough for the double bed sitting in the centre of it. They were staring at the scene of a very frenzied attack, the man lying in the middle of the bed had been stabbed upwards of twenty times. There was blood spattered and sprayed on the headboard, the walls and the ceiling, as well as the copious pool surrounding the body itself.
:: No alcohol or drugs in the bloodstream. HW was approx. seven weeks pregnant according to the autopsy report. – JW ::
“Bit grim, isn’t it?” The doctor commented, and he wasn’t wrong. Several of the windows were boarded up, there were bins in the alley that were overflowing with rubbish, attracting flies and other vermin. “Did Greg say why he thought this case was something of interest to you?”
“Yeaaaaah, you’re right about that. I was ‘led astray’ the moment I helped you chase down a black cab through the streets of London.” John chuckled with a wide grin on his face as they chatted and reminisced about the case that began it all.
“What’s up? A case?” John asked between huffs of effort, his upper arm muscles tensing and relaxing as he slowly lifted and lowered himself in well-practised movements.
“I am
“Initial stages: It cannot be stressed enough that you must not rush this stage. You are laying the groundwork for a more fulfilling and enjoyable conclusion for all concerned here. Time invested now will not be wasted. You need to nurture your cheese, making sure to maintain optimum conditions for the beneficial growth that you are looking for.”
“That’s good of you, Dr Watson. I’d say that you owed me nothing for the shopping but I can tell you’re a man who can’t stand owing a debt.” Doyle had opted to come and stand in the doorway of the kitchen rather than sit down.
“I’m not sure, blackmail other members of the ring? Hard to say without more data.” The detective closed the file back up and sat it on his lap as his phone buzzed. “Ah, Molly’s just finalised the autopsy and has sent a summary of the report.”
“Oh God, Sherlock, I’m so sorry, that must have been a horrible thing to witness.” John automatically reached over to squeeze Sherlock’s forearm in comfort, shuffling his stool to be closer to him. He tried to push his rising sense of foreboding out of his mind.
The glass in the former soldier’s hand suddenly cracked and then shattered, the shards falling noisily into the sink as blood began to drip from John’s clenched fist. Before Sherlock could even speak, the doctor wrapped his hand in a tea towel and stalked into the bathroom without making a sound. The detective stared after him in complete bewilderment before sliding off the stool, moving to stand in the threshold.
“Where to next? We need to get this guy soon, for Greg’s sake if nothing else.” John asked as they left the backroom and went back into the main shop. He was watching Sherlock carefully, recognising the signs that things were beginning to click into place in that magnificent mind of his. The doctor also knew that look usually meant the detective going off on his own to confirm or disprove his theories.
“No one said you have to have a one-word answer. Use as many words as is needed.” Sherlock dug through the cupboards while the kettle was boiling and found some biscuits, putting them in front of the doctor.
“How much of that did you hear?” He asked, getting a drugged up euphoric grin in reply, making Sherlock give an exaggerated groan in response. “What price for your silence? Hobnobs?”
“How many men have you been with then?” That question made John look up sharply, he narrowed his eyes as he met Sherlock’s gaze unflinchingly. He let the silence stretch out between them until it became uncomfortable.
Discussions of parental neglect.
“I appreciate that you come from a different background, John, but my parents are old fashioned, there’s endless rules of etiquette and an expected level of elegance to observe. Don’t you want to make the best impression on them?” Sherlock tried a little guilt; his lover was usually responsive to that as long as Sherlock didn’t overdo it and take it too far.
“My what?! Those are private, you wanker!” John stalked towards him, pausing in the doorway that separated the two rooms as he made a conscious effort to control his temper. Sherlock watched him mentally counting to ten, get to five, give up and snap. “WHY do you have my medical records?”
“No, there’s only dots and no dashes so it can’t be that.” Sherlock replied as he pulled out his pocket magnifier for a closer look. “But it was made very deliberately so it’s definitely a message of some kind, we just have to translate it.”
“But that’s insanity, why would anyone put up with that? Why would you?” The detective was blinking at him, taken aback and his rage subsiding. The ex-soldier went and picked up the guide from the floor, checking to see if he’d ripped any pages, before putting it in his pocket.
Sherlock felt sick, no wonder John hadn’t wanted to be anywhere near this case when he saw Callahan’s body. The doctor was so vulnerable and in need of a friend when he joined the Army, susceptible to being manipulated by someone who had been doing this for a long time. The detective gritted his teeth, it was a damned good job Callahan was already dead as Sherlock would have been quite willing to kill him himself.
There came a sudden knock on the door and Jonathan looked over to his wife, who turned to go and answer it. Sherlock waited until he heard the door open and the sound of voices, leaning forward ready to press his suspect with all the flair he possessed.
“I went undercover to destroy Moriarty’s network. I knew if I showed back up before I’d dismantled it then there was still a threat to the safety of the people I cared about. His web spread out all over the world and taking it down, cell by cell, was painstaking and time consuming but I came home as soon as I was finished.” Sherlock had stopped pacing and was standing in front of his friend, just within arms reach. His fingers twitched behind his back with the surprisingly strong urge to pull John into an embrace to still the tremors wracking his smaller frame.
Another casualty was brought in by ambulance and John moved to help the paramedics transfer the young woman from the gurney to the bed. The gas explosion must have been huge because the injured just kept on coming. He knew it had been in an apartment building and that patients were being sent to every capable A&E in the area but other than that, he had no details. John just concentrated on each emergency that rolled through the doors.
The doctor in John wanted to ask his friend if he was alright but he had the presence of mind to drag Sherlock away so they were out of the view of the Prices’ house.
“Roughly a month after your sad passing, Dr Watson started blogging again. He set out to prove that you hadn’t staged any of the crimes that he worked on with you, starting with the ‘Study in Pink’ case. He was able to independently prove your whereabouts when both Sir Patterson and young James were taken and killed. Your boarding pass from your trip to Vienna that November was very conclusive.” Sherlock skimmed through the printouts from John’s blog: A Study in Pink, The Blind Banker, The Aluminium Crutch and more. John had patiently laid out his proof without any of his usual romantic commentary.
“Not really, the tickets have serial numbers and we keep paper records so we know how much we should have in ticket income. We do take donations and pledges on the day, depending on the event. Sometimes we host auctions, patrons usually pay for their items by cheque but some pay via cash. In theory someone could take some of the money but we usually have a designated member of the accounts team… in charge… of the lock box.” Nick’s voice started to trail off, horrific realisation dawning on his face.
“Why not? He did have a number of lines that I believe are very pertinent today. For example:
“About earlier… I said some very uncalled for and untrue things.” Sherlock was lying on his own bed with his hands steepled, John had actually thought he was in his Mind Palace but apparently not.
“What happened while you were abroad?” John blinked in surprise, as if it wasn’t actually his own mouth that had just produced those words. He coughed and blushed. “Sorry, not sure where that came from… but I guess I have been curious. At times I’ve sorta implied it was a massive holiday for you when I know it wasn’t… and I’m sorry I haven’t asked before now.” Sherlock was watching him carefully, as if assessing whether he actually wanted to know or not.
“We threw a gala day last month for the RNIB, it was a huge success…” Mr Manning covered his mouth with his hand for a moment and shook his head. “…Arnold was the one in charge of the cash that day.” That was all Sherlock needed to hear as he stood up from the chair, unlocking the door and striding for the lift. The doctor gave the businessman an apologetic look before following after.
men he targets then, I did wonder.” Sherlock murmured as he looked at the photograph, it was grainy and not the best quality. A young man with shoulder length dark coloured hair. “Hard to tell from this but I would put his age at mid to late twenties. Bit older than your average cadet, unless he enlisted late. His haircut is hardly regulation though.”
Sherlock thought just as John twisted his body at the last second, slamming his clenched left hand into the wall with a noise of anguish and frustration.
, there was a risk that his friend wouldn’t forgive him for the deception, so he had to give his comeback the best chance at succeeding.
“I have to say, I didn’t think he’d send in the big guns so soon.” John stated once he’d answered the call, he heard Mycroft give a small huff of amusement. The pair of them got along better than they used to, they might not always see eye to eye but they respected each other.
John heard Mrs Hudson’s worried voice as she saw them coming down the stairs. Sherlock said something to her but the doctor didn’t catch it. He was breathing more freely but with that came a wave of utter exhaustion. He stopped trying to follow what was going on and instead let it all wash over him as he was placed in the back of the waiting ambulance.
“I’m not sure what I would have done if I came back to London to find you’d killed yourself in the meantime.” Sherlock’s voice was almost inaudible, but not quiet enough to hide the quiver in his tone. “I wasn’t angry with you, not really, I think I was just shocked at realising that you being safe and well when I got back was an assumption, not a certainty.”
“Let them in, Aims, I don’t mind answering more questions, anything to help Holly.” Mrs Price wasn’t happy about it but stood aside to let Sherlock in. He headed into the living room and saw a middle aged man sitting on the couch, there was a waste paper bin on the floor next to him that was filled with used tissues. “Hello, I’m Jonathan Price, as you might have gathered. I’d shake your hand but I don’t think that would be very sanitary right now.”
“Callahan was demoted two years ago for dishonourable conduct. Names weren’t mentioned but a fellow officer at the Academy reported what appeared to be an inappropriate relationship with a male cadet. It was the third official complaint against him in the space of seven years.” Greg nodded to a file sitting on the dash.
“Just as you can’t slander the dead, the deceased have no right to privacy, Lestrade.” Sherlock replied coolly as he went into the kitchen and started opening cupboards.
John sank back into the leather seats of the sedan, they’d enjoyed a lovely four course meal, several bottles of wine and a conversation that had spanned everything from law, mathematics and even rugby and bagpipes. Sigur was more grounded than his wife, but both of them were surprisingly warm and open considering how much both the Holmes brothers actively disliked sentiment.
“I didn’t realise what I was asking you to forgive when I first came back. You were right, I didn’t get it. At all. But that split second when I thought you were lying dead in front of me, facing the prospect of the rest of my life without you in it. I got it then. I’d be physically living… but not alive.” Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled, two tears tracing his cheeks when he blinked rapidly. “But you lived that for two years. I don’t deserve your forgiveness… I don’t deserve you.”
“Your face is way too recognisable nowadays for you to pull off a bluff like that, you have your own doctor to thank for that. You shouldn’t have left him behind, you know. Even if you said you were looking in to me and he comes to my house, he’ll never think to search for you here.” Dr Chen was unarmed from what Sherlock could see, he needed to stall for time to come up with a plan.
“Get my bag, now.” The doctor allowed Sherlock to ease him back into his chair, noticing a wheeze as his throat constricted due to the rapid swelling. “999 too.” Sherlock froze in terror for a moment so John gave him a push to get him moving. Sherlock scrambled up the stairs to John’s room and came running back down with his medical kit.
“Between you, the hospital and the Met, I barely have enough time to eat, shower and sleep, never mind blogging or anything else.” John sounded exasperated as he watched Sherlock put an unnecessary amount of honey on his stolen breakfast. “Speaking of which, I need to go change, I’ve got an A&E shift. Don’t call me unless something’s on fire or someone’s dying. Have a good day!” The detective grunted an acknowledgement at him as he left the kitchen.
“Only because I was kidnapped by the criminal equivalent of a coral polyp. I used your trick of deducing him till he attacked me then overpowered him. He’s tied up in the cellar ready for the police.” John spotted a sign with the street name on it, pulling his phone out to send a message to Lestrade informing him of the address and a criminal he needed to arrest when he got the chance.
“I must go, I’m meeting with an errant corporate heiress whose dalliances have the potential to cause global stock prices to plummet. By my calculations you have roughly 80 minutes before Dr Watson wakes up from his nap. That should be long enough for you to gather your thoughts.” The civil servant tapped his umbrella against the floor and saw himself out. Sherlock didn’t even hear him leave, already in his Mind Palace to try and make sense of what Mycroft was suggesting and why.
“Oh no, she always seemed to be bright and smiling. I know that you are implying that she might have jumped but I don’t think so.” The solicitor sighed with a shake of his head, staring into the middle distance as he spoke again. “I thought it was some sort of prank when I found out. I was having a meal with an old law partner of mine when the police came to find me, they needed me to identify the body because Holly didn’t have anyone else. They’d been trying to contact me but I’d left my phone at home that morning and hadn’t even realised it.”
“We plan to keep him here for observation until we’re certain the kidney bleed has stopped, then we’ll have him admitted to one of the normal wards for the remainder of his stay.” She told them in a slightly lowered tone as she opened the curtains. John was seemingly sleeping; he was covered in wires and tubes that Sherlock identified automatically as his eyes scanned his friend.
“Wow, Doc, you’re 100% spot on, well done! Does that mean we are looking for a killer who is blind?” The Detective Inspector asked as John finally stood up, having finished his examination of the body. He stepped back to let his flatmate do his own study.
“Crimes!” Morgan trembled as he spat that word out, tears streaking his face. “Apparently it
As he got nearer, Sherlock caught a brief flash of movement in the reflection in the glass of one of the third floor offices. Two people appeared to be grappling with each other before John came flying through the window in a shower of shards. There was a scream, and Sherlock honestly had no idea which of them it came from as his body locked up in horror.
“You gave your parents numerous chances to regain your respect, more than they deserved considering how deeply they hurt you. Is it any surprise that you and your sister cannot bring yourselves to care about the death of a man who never wanted to be a part of your lives? Not to me, it’s not. You’re the one who said that blood doesn’t have to mean anything.” Sherlock saw John close his eyes and take a deep breath with a long, slow exhale. When he opened them again, those blue eyes seemed clearer.
They sat like that for some minutes before John carefully put his gun down on the floor next to him, he shifted his legs so he was sitting cross legged and hugged himself tightly around his torso with both arms. Sherlock saw his friend take one shuddering inhale, holding it until the exact moment when John finally let go. Tears welled up in blue eyes and he let them spill out uncensored, tracing his cheeks until they dripped on to his bare forearms.
of his own value.” Mycroft took out his Blackberry with a sigh when his itinerary alerted him to an engagement.
“Yes… and the good tea…” John agreed in a drowsy drawl, the detective staying quiet in the hopes the doctor would fall back to sleep. He’d almost dropped off when John jerked awake for a moment and stared as if checking he was still there; Sherlock squeezed the hand in his to reassure him.
John thought with a half smile.
“I have the sudden urge to get you exceptionally drunk.” Sherlock quipped as he picked up the menu. “Have you ordered yet or do you want me to choose something for you?” John often let the detective order for him because he tended to stick to what he knew and he rarely felt brave enough to try something new. He knew Sherlock understood his tastes and would pick something accordingly.
Two hours later and Sherlock pushed open the door that led onto the rooftop of St Barts, it was coming on to evening but there was still enough light for the detective to spot John. The doctor was hiding from the worst of the wind by hunkering down near a bank of air conditioning outlet vents.
listen to you. I may not understand everything you tell me but I would never turn you away or belittle your struggles.”
“Would that have had anything to do with the disciplinary action from a couple of years back?” Sherlock leaned forward with his elbows on his knees, steepling his fingers together. The Major stiffened slightly as he looked at the detective, as if gauging how much he already knew.
“That was seven months ago. Since the live evidence phase of the Inquiry closed, he’s been working in the Accident & Emergency department of the University College Hospital. After the report was published, Detective Inspector Lestrade extended a personal invitation for Dr Watson to assist the Metropolitan Police as a part time Medical Examiner, which was probably why it was accepted.” Mycroft replied before he suppressed a yawn behind his glass.
John sneezed hard; one, two, three times. Each bodily jerk wrenched his already complaining shoulder. He swore a blue streak and moved into a clear area to sit down again. Squeezing his eyes tightly shut, he breathed through the pain. He needed to get out of these handcuffs before he did any more damage. The doctor was about to attempt it when he heard a key turning.
“-no one else is going to.” John mumbled the end of the phrase along with the recording. Meanwhile Sherlock had cleaned up the doctor’s injured hand with antiseptic, closed the biggest cuts with butterfly strips before putting plasters on the others that warranted it. He wrapped a short length of bandages around his flatmate’s palm to protect it even further.
“Well that’s a lead of itself. You can pick up biopsy punches online without any bother, but pancuronium is pretty hard to come by. I can’t see how anyone other than a doctor or maybe a scientist could get a hold of it without drawing unnecessary attention to themselves.” John replied as he wrote the name of the drug in his open notebook and drew a circle around it.
“Don’t move, John, you need to stay totally still. Lestrade and an ambulance are on their way. Don’t worry, you’re going to be absolutely fine.” Sherlock looked down at his flatmate’s face, not sure who he was reassuring with his words, probably the both of them.
“Maybe Moriarty would have still found a way to manipulate Sherlock into jumping that day, even without the witch-hunt, but now we’ll never know. The truth has finally come out but a great man is still dead and we all have to live with that, including me… Thank you for your time, I won’t be taking any questions and please, go fuck yourselves.” John turned from the podium as the room erupted in noise and flashes, Doctor Watson ignored the press clamouring for his attention and offered Mrs Hudson his arm again as they quickly left the room.
“I know that, Sherlock, but the fact remains that you did humiliate me… hurt me.” The last two words were barely audible as John closed his eyes and two traitorous tears fell and traced his cheeks before the doctor hurriedly wiped them away. “I’m actually very happy you’re not dead, truly, the world needs Sherlock Holmes… but I feel like I’m drowning. I just don’t see how we can ever go back to how we were before.”
“Why do you always go when she calls you to help her get home? It’s not like she’s ever grateful, in fact she usually begs you for money and then curses you out when you won’t give it to her.” Sherlock asked him in an honestly puzzled tone, this was one of the things that he had real trouble understanding. John still remembered the look on the detective’s face the time when Harry had given him a black eye for his trouble.
“Don’t sell your efforts short. I had the resources of the Global Intelligence community at my disposal and I was never truly working on my own, not really... unlike you.” Sherlock gave him a sad little smile; John could tell what he was thinking.
Sherlock put his phone away and let his mind go back to the case. He had spent the night trawling through the forum posts of ACAS. The knowledge that it was all an elaborate metaphor to disguise the depraved desires of a group of sexual predators had made the detective’s skin crawl so much that he’d felt compelled to have a scorching hot shower before he left this morning.
After he was done, he got dressed and pulled on the dressing gown, padding into the living room to find Sherlock stoking the fire with a poker. John sank down into his chair, finding tea and some scones within easy reach along with the newspapers. The detective straightened up once the fire met his approval, striding across the room to pick up his violin.
“I spent the first two months in a data room at MI6 while a new identity was created to get me on to the continent. Using the information Moriarty had given us, we already had a lead on a cell in Paris that gave us a starting point.” The doctor forgot about his food, his tea, even the pain, his entire attention on Sherlock.
“Um, well then… I’ll just… be going then. Um, my number is still the same. Text me… if you like.” The detective fumbled, John still had his back to him and refused to turn around. “Again, I’m sorry, I hope you can forgive me… I’ve really missed you.” Then he finally turned and darted up the stairs and pretended he didn’t know that John would break into pieces as soon as he heard the door close.
“I’m his wife, Aimee Price. What’s this about? We’ve already spoken to the pol-” The woman was interrupted when a teary voice called from farther inside.
“Because he’s Sherlock… and you don’t expect the Sun to want you back.”
John thrived in situations like this. All around him was a tsunami of noise, cries of pain, alarms sounding, colleagues speaking in urgent tones but inside his own head there was nothing but an immovable focus on the task at hand.
“Dear God, John! I’m sorry! How many times can I say it? Do you want me to beg? Is that it? What more do you want from me?” Sherlock got up from the couch in agitation, running a hand through his hair as the discussion got away from him again. The former soldier fixed him with a cool look, downing the last of his tea with a gulp and putting it back on the tray.
?! …Well? I’m right, aren’t I? You needed me to be the devastated best friend so you could swan around the world under the radar!” John was keeping back the tears with sheer force of will alone and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed to regain some composure before he whispered accusingly. “How could you do that to me? I thought we were friends!”
“How dare you even suggest that I have anything to do with Holly’s death?! Get out of my house!” John watched as Mr Price dragged Sherlock from the living room by his lapels. The detective was holding a hand over his cheek and looked a little dazed. When the solicitor threw him out the door, Sherlock stumbled on the steps but John was able to catch and steady him, the front door slamming so hard that the windows rattled in their frames.
“Ok, so that explains why you jumped. But why did you stay away for nearly two years?” John’s voice was hoarse with supressed emotions, he had a stranglehold on his feelings that mirrored the grip he had on his own body.
“Why are you holding it then?” He asked as he took a step into the room, closing the door behind him silently. The sense of disquiet he was feeling had yet to be comforted. John gave a small huff.
“Not yet, we have an APB out for him but no hits so far.” Greg waved to the crime scene. “The photographers have taken their pictures, so it’s all yours, do your thing, Doc.” John gave his friend a small smile as he approached Alexa, he knelt down next to the body, being careful not to disturb the blood evidence.
a fraud.” Though his voice was strong and clear, John himself looked tired, his eyes were dull and Sherlock could tell he’d lost a lot of weight. He unconsciously began to chew his bottom lip as John continued.
“It’s Braille. It says ‘Darkness holds no fear for the blind’… and I’d say these marks were made with a 3 or 4 millimetre biopsy punch. It was done post-mortem otherwise the swelling would have distorted the message.” John’s voice took the others by surprise and after a moment of stunned silence, the doctor answered their unasked question. “My Nanna was blind, she taught me.”
“We were! We are!” Sherlock blurted out in a panicked tone.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed deeply as he recalled the final steps. Once the abuser feels they have a strong enough grip on the victim in every way: physically, emotionally and mentally. They’d use their formidable manipulation skills to coerce the target to sleep with other members of the ring. Of course, they were careful to paint a situation where the victim seemed to have a choice in the matter, but thanks to the grooming, such consent was only an illusion.
“How? I didn’t go to the appointment.” The doctor asked as Sherlock unzipped the garment bag to reveal a dark blue suit, waistcoat, crisp white shirt and a maroon tie. It looked very nice, but for the likely price, it better had do in John’s opinion.
