Both were dedicated, loyal, and selfless; it was no wonder Sam was drawn to her when he left the family business for college eight years ago, and why she had been drawn to him in return.
Mentally scolding himself, he realized the effect of his words. He sounded like some of the monsters he hunted for a living, harming others for his own pure, sadistic amusement. His namesake would never condone this, maybe even after knowing the reason why.
“Uh-uh. No way you’re getting out of those. Did you up myself.” Rufus said, glancing the kid tied up next to him for a moment. “You’re stuck right where I want you, you evil son of a bitch.”
The kid looked passed out at the very least.
normal. As a result, doing just about anything even remotely normal was forbidden. Although he let Sam and twin go on dates occasionally with a classmate in their later teenage years, and Dean himself was never interested in going out with anybody himself.
“So, what, you’re just gonna walk back in and we’re gonna be the dynamic duo again?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sam demanded.
“Isn’t it possible your past self will realize you’re here?”
“Oh, that’s right, I forgot.” Sam argued. “You think I’ll take one look at a demon and suddenly fall off the wagon, as if, after everything, I haven’t learned my lesson.”
Sam, Dean, and Rebekah were coming near a house that smoke coming out of the chimney and hid behind the another building to look. There was a visible black-eyed demon inside, and two demons attacked them. One of them, one who looked like Jo Harvelle, managed to grab Sam, and held him against the wall, taking his gun off him. A second one came from behind them, preventing their exit. Dean instinctively stabbed the demon, but the normal effects of killing a demon weren’t present.
“Sammy, I’m about done stitching up Rebekah’s shoulder.” His younger brother spoke up, looking back up from the stitches. “I’ll pop your shoulder back in place, and take care of any other injuries you have, okay?”
said. “Samuel here is quite the hunter himself.”
He knew that the boy applied for a job to tutor high school students struggling in math and science students, but he wouldn’t get the job
” — by
The only Winchester daughter nodded and shut the door behind her.
“Here’s a hint. I was in Germany. Then in Germany. Then in the Middle East. I was in Darfur when—” It started to explain, but the young man cut it off with a scoff.
did. Klaus seemed to want to start his older three kids into hunting as early as possible, though Dean could see why. The guy lost two wives, even if the second one was still alive, and the yellow-eyed bastard tried to kidnap his demon blood-infected twins
Thank you for all who’ve enjoyed my Supernatural fic, subscribed, bookmarked, and left kudos. I must apologize for not saying that sooner, I really appreciate all who enjoy my story. It’s just been crazy lately and I’ve been more forgetful than usual.
The streets of River Pass, Colorado, were desolate and had an eerie feeling to it. Sam and Dean Winchester walked through the empty town with their guns close. Not a person was in sight and it was disconcerting. There was a sporting goods store on the near side of the street and the far end seemed to be residential. Unexpectedly, but not surprisingly, they found a blue Sedan with two doors was overturned and discovered to be empty. A sprinkler in front of one of the houses was running and tan car ahead was a tan car turned right side up with the driver’s door open, engine running, and the radio was playing ‘Spirit in the Sky,’ by Norman Greenbaum.
“And we’re here, why?” He questioned his friend.
“We got to get them out now.” Sam said.
The kid started cleaning glasses at the bar as one of the other two hunters, resumed conversation with Sam and Lindsay. “Hunting buddies. With his dad.”
He thought, resisting a smile he wanted to show.
The angel rubbed the back of his neck.
“You do.” The angel answered.
“Dean, don’t do this.”
It was like a couple of years ago when Emma, and her sesquizygotic twin brother, Sam, opened the Devil’s Gate in Wyoming. It was either let their father lose his life to demons, or save his life and let the gate open, so the latter choice was the better of two evils. As a result, their father was extremely angry with them for letting Azazel get away with the Colt, who would have killed him if it weren’t for the twins’ intervention.
“We don’t have phones from this time-period.” He said remorsefully.
“Earlier tonight, two men who haven’t been identified at this time were found dead in Garber, Oklahoma, buried in a ditch. The local police believe these deaths are homicides, both were shot and have defensive wounds.” The newscaster said, and the screen shown sketches of what the men would have likely looked like while living. “If anybody knows who these men are or may have seen anybody suspicious, please contact your local law enforcement or the FBI tip line.”
“What the demons said, it’s all true.”
The two brothers sighed in unison, the younger-looking one, more remorseful than his brother.
“Sam—”
Rebekah asked him, noticing her husband go in the opposite direction for privacy.
“Alright.”
“I don’t care what they said! I’m not leaving without them, Dean.” Sam said. “We can’t fix the past with just the three of us. I’m concerned with Rebekah coming along.”
He moved to stand up.
1 “Go away.”
Rebekah was about to speak up when the door opened and saw their namesakes and Ellen come inside, noticing her husband involuntarily flinch again at the sound. “
Sam punched and shoved the demon back into one of the shelves, and noticed the younger hunter snuck away, probably planning for a sneak attack. The son of a bitch got the upper hand and wrapped his around Sam’s neck.
I decided to put in my own headcanons of Jess, namely that she came from a wealthy family. Given that it is an AU, of course, the canon divergences will kick in fully later on, while maintaining the show’s canon up, except for the changes in my ideal s15.
“Dean, Rebekah, get out of here!” He yelled over at them. “Get help!”
“Let’s go.” Present Cas said as he and Dean started to head out of the abandoned house. “Castiel,” the archangel warned, and the two turned toward him, “I'm warning you. Do not leave me here. I will find you.”
Suddenly, the angel of the Lord, Castiel appeared in front of them at the table.
He looked over and the passenger’s seat was empty, and his smile faltered.
Dean looked at him. “Hey, it’s not like you knew that, man.” He reassured the young man, but then asked, “What do you mean ‘usual effect of the knife’? You have a knife that kills demons?”
His younger brother nodded with uncertainty on his face and began to head out when his namesake approached them of them. “Hey, guys, are you both okay?” He asked with clear concern for them both, even noticing a concerned glance from Lindsay.
“Just when you thought you were out, they pull you back in, huh, Sammy?” He said, opening the beer, and taking a sip. “So, that’s it? That’s your response?” His brother argued. “Don’t you care about
“Or maybe you’re full of crap. Maybe you’re afraid God will bring Cas back to life again and smite you and your candy-ass skirt, or just let Cas from future come back here.” He continued to taunt. “By the way, hi, I’m Dean, and those three
, too, so what can I do?”
When he did honestly feel bad, which was only sometimes, he’d do everything to make up for it and then do inadvertently something else insensitive or selfish; the cycle had been tirelessly rinsed and repeated since the four of the Winchester siblings were kids back in Germany. What made Emma feel terrible about the situation was that Sam was often frustrated with his limited understanding of more complex emotions toward people he didn’t know and his inability to relate to other people, even family members at times.
He looked at Rufus angrily in disbelief. “What did you do to him?” He demanded.
“I was expecting a fight.” Sam was surprised at his brother’s response.
“They got torn up in hunts, and it costs too much to repair them.” Rebekah answered.
“Hey, Sam.” The first unknowing guest said, alerting both, Sam ignored him, and the time-traveler looked away to not attract attention. “Sam.” He spoke again, prompting the time-traveler to resist looking toward him from the bar out of reflex.
He asked that the strange hunter come with him to the Quick-Mart for the reason of asking him why he defended the younger Winchester, and if he were being honest. The kid agreed readily, after checking with his siblings first, who didn’t seem worried at all about their brother going somewhere alone with a hunter they barely knew.
“We knew you were coming, you stupid son of a bitch.” Dean said lite up his lighter and dropped it, and a holy oil ignited in a circle around the archangel, who looked at present Cas with pure rage. “Don’t look at me, it was his idea.”
“Careful. That’s my Father you’re talking about, boy.”
“Okay. The reason we hesitated because Sam and Dean—the ones I came here with—were concerned that if we admitted to everything out in the open, then demons and most angels would hear us.” Rebekah explained with remorse in her tone. “I’m actually Sam’s—
2 “You’re safe, I promise. We wouldn’t be here if you weren’t safe.”
“Better reason not to bring demon blood back home, right?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“No. It’s all right.” Sam told the hunters. “So, what’s up?”
He said, making his brother groan. “
Sam shook his head against Dean’s neck. The blood in his mouth wasn’t enough to keep his hand from shaking as he pulled it through his little brother’s ragged mop of hair.
He had one chance. But he recognized those wings. He’d seen them.
He wants to. But fuck if his eyes don’t water instead. If his throat doesn’t close up. If it doesn't get harder to breathe.
Dean takes a cursory glance around the garden. “Eh, not my thing. A little stuffy for my taste.”
The thought of leaving him behind never even occurred to him.
“Ain’t like it matters. Not gonna be wearing the monkey suits very long, am I?”
And, then, Dean is moving. He’s roaring like a goddamn lion, fists clenched so tight he can feel his palms bleeding well before they shoot through the TV monitor. It crashes to the ground, and he stomps right through its face, over, and over, and over again. The fucking thing lights up like a firework, sparking, scratching, shrieking, before finally sputtering out and fading to black. Cas’s ice cold stare disappears beneath his boot.
“Yes, well,” she drawled haughtily, “I would have preferred it had the guns been real.”
Neither Bobby nor Sam say anything about him—ain’t much to add.
“Damn right!”
Ignoring all of them, he set aside his beer and topped the empty shot glass with a pour of something that looked and smelled like paint thinner. Mixing alcohols this early probably wasn’t the smartest idea, but Dean hadn’t given in to his stupid quota for the day yet—he was allowed at least this one more.
Well, that wasn’t quite true. Dean knew that look in Bobby’s eyes. The old man wanted to hug him, or pat him on the shoulder, or anything else that would say, “It’s gonna be just fine, kid.” But they both knew it was a lie, and that wasn’t their way. Besides, Bobby had to know that Sam had already given him enough sappy spiels to last a lifetime. Bobby was good about not adding onto those kinds of things.
He clears his throat and turns back to the screen.
when she reached them. The citizens weren’t the only ones who starved in District 9.
Castiel’s voice sends a shiver down his spine. Dean’s eyes narrow, and he uses it to his advantage. He looks pissed, and he knows it. Hopefully, that means he doesn’t look like he’s scared shitless (or irritated that, after everything he’s seen, something still
to tell you. Yesterday evening, dear old Luci passed a new decree, and now, among other things –”
He lifted the flask, took two solid gulps that should’ve drained the whole damn thing, then curled it back into his fist. With a sigh, he pushed himself off the table and turned around. Dean had to force himself not to wince. Haggard and drawn, Bobby looked even worse than he sounded, beard scruffier than usual and eyes rimmed red and bloodshot. He smelled like he hadn’t bathed in a couple days. Maybe a week. Dean clapped his arm around the man’s neck all the same, and Bobby wasted no time in clutching him back. They both sniffled, then drew away.
Dean cocked his head forward. This guy talked a mile a minute, and, yeah, Dean didn’t particularly care what he was saying, but he at least wanted the luxury of understanding the dude he was purposely ignoring.
One of the guards rolls two fishbowls onto the stage. The one on the right is stuffed full, loose slips of paper crammed in and still threatening to fly out in the breeze. The one on Dean’s side is completely empty. Almost, anyway.
Grimacing at himself, he picks up the glass and downs it straight. It tastes like Christmas and burns like Listerine, but it’s better than nothing.
Holo-Sam scoots closer to the screen. “Hey, isn’t that the guy—?”
On the monitor, the manufactured “awws” from the crowd have finally died down. The Capitol Stooge grins at them, then gives a subtle nod to the camera. It zooms back into focus on just his face.
He gestures off stage, and another suit rolls in a glass dome filled to the top with slips of paper. The comm falls silent, then,
The only person who fit that description was the lone bartender. Every few seconds, Castiel felt the man’s eyes fall on him, wide and jittery, before returning to the task at hand. He hadn’t risked taking a closer look in case he turned out to be their culprit, but now, with his focus on crushing ice for a drink, Castiel thought it might be safe.
Emma isn’t any of those. Emma’s already given up.
“Oh yeah?” Dean keeps digging—that old 150 proof rotgut is in here somewhere. Unless Bobby’s taken it, anyway. “What’s that?”
What he hears is,
The trolley/rickshaw thing is already waiting for them outside, fully automated and self-driving. Why they can’t just walk to the center of town is fucking whatever, but Dean’s joints are stiff from sleeping in all the wrong places for the past few days, so he takes it without a word. Tessa climbs in beside him, Balthazar across. They don’t look at each other or say anything.
Heavy footsteps pound in from the other side of the room.
Years passed. From the safety of Heaven, Castiel watched on as their Father formed endless, waterless oceans that spanned galaxies, flecked with stars and nebulas and voids. There was no rhyme or reason to the order of His creation. Not one that Castiel understood, at any rate. What always began as fathomless light eventually gave way to expanses of immense darkness, which, in turn, filled with lightyears of color and illumination. Those lights would dim, then flare, then fade, some exploding into supernovas to rival Castiel’s own grace, others folding in on themselves and absorbing everything in sight. He always sensed a distant air of discomfort, regret, loss, when the latter occurred, when the darkness overwhelmed creation. He never understood it, but he knew it was there all the same. But, then, his Father’s overwhelming radiance would overtake the universe again, and the whole process of Creation would begin once more.
“Hey.” He dropped his voice, not enough to sound weak—never, not in front of Bobby—but enough to cut down the weight of the executioner’s block beneath them. “Hey, Bobby? Who is it?”
Begrudgingly, Bela darted her eyes over in the direction Dean pointed. He knew she’d seen what he wanted her to when a wicked little grin ticked up her cherry red lips.
you. Or did you forget the first half of what happened out there?”
again. “That was my mistake. Certain people—special people—can perceive my true visage. I thought you would be one of them. I was wrong.”
Bones creaking more than they should have, he picked himself up and strolled through the knee-high grass. The field tapered off at the end, leading to the main road where the farmers hauled their crops day-in and day-out. The only other road in the district, the one used for machinery, intersected it just a few yards away. A square stone hut sat at the juncture, still churning out smoke from its chimney. He wasn’t late, then.
Hunger Games…”
wine?—on the shelf.
“… looks as good as he’s going to get,” one of them drawled under her breath. “Couldn’t do much for the freckles, but maybe they’ll find him… charming.”
“Anyway, the hell are you doin’ going out of bounds? Thought Ellen told you last year to cut that shit out.”
He hissed through his teeth and dove right in, mashing his lips against hers. It was brutal, teeth and no tongue, but it got the job done. She tasted, impossibly, like District 12 every fucking time—soot, and coal, and sulfur.
gorgeous.
The announcer’s voice echoed off the mirrored walls and stone floor. Dean’s spine stiffened, but he covered it well with a wink in Bela’s direction.
Emma takes the last few steps, accepting Tessa’s purposely awkward hug, and comes to stand right next to him. He doesn’t look down, doesn’t so much as flinch in her direction, but the pictures flood his brain anyway. Hands around her neck. Arrows in her chest. Blood everywhere, guts spilling onto the ground. He wonders which one they’ll actually get to see.
“Dean,” Sam huffed, and—this time—he wouldn’t meet Dean’s eyes, “you know that’s not how the Games work. Everybody dies. Only one person gets out alive. That’s what I meant earlier, and you… you know, we’re going to watch one of you die. You or Jo. Or both.”
and the makeup save her a bit. She could almost pass for 20 in the right light, and it’s pitch black in the garden apart from the tealights, so he doesn’t think she’ll have a problem.
“Meg Masters. She won the year after you, while you were…” Sam gestures vaguely, then clears his throat and looks back at the screen. Dean silently thanks him for it. “Anyway, she’s a total nutcase. She played up this whole ‘innocent idiot’ deal when her Games started, then ended up slaughtering half of the other tributes singlehandedly. And—get this—she’s Azazel’s daughter.”
“He won’t be coming. He elected to work with District 3’s tributes this year.” Dean opens his mouth, but the guy—Balthazar, apparently, and here Dean thought that Cas’s name was unfortunate—keeps going. “Look, Dean, it’s fine. We’ve hit a bit of a snag, but we’ll work it out. He and Cassie sent me, they want me to tell you –”
. That’ll cost them in the Games, as we all learned from the debacle with District 4 last year. But District 9
Dean grabbed his “pillow”, the rolled-up washrag on the floor, and chucked it at Sammy’s head. For a second, at least, John’s voice went quiet.
“Oh, didn’t you hear? I’m doing great! Got a big fat promotion! You’re looking at the stylist for District 3!”
Behind him, Dean can feel his brother relax. He rolls his eyes but doesn’t stop searching through the half-empty bottles.
The first time he went to one of these things, he ate so much he puked, then promptly went back for seconds. And thirds. When he went back again for fourths and noticed other partiers doing the same thing—hurling their guts then going right back with ridiculous smiles on their faces—he got sick all over again. They weren’t doing it because they’d learned to eat
Dean, though? Dean… Dean’s a
Sleep doesn’t come easy.
The air seems to leave Dean’s body. There’s a glint in his brother’s eyes that he’s seen one too many times over the past few years, and never wants to fucking see again. Especially not now.
“You know how to shoot these things?” he asked.
“Emma Archer.”
Gabe’s eyes narrow to golden little slits, his chin clenched and a vein in his neck popping.
If Bobby and Sam have anything to say to that, they know well enough to keep it to themselves. To thank them for it, Dean swings himself over the back of the couch, sets his game face on, and gestures to the TV screen Bobby’s angling the remote at.
The other one rolled her eyes, which just made Dean cross his arms tighter. “Charming my ass,” he mumbled, “my freckles are sexy as fuck.”
And that’s part of what’s throwing Dean for such a loop here. He’ll be the first to own up to the fact that there are a lot of ways to get on his bad side. Waking him up early, for one thing, or stealing the last beer from the fridge. But if anybody wanted to make Dean hate them, or at least never trust them, there are really only four ways: threaten Sam, threaten innocent people, invade any part of Dean’s property without his knowledge and/or consent, or tell him what to do.
Bela nodded once, sharp. She didn’t seem too keen on having to wait, but at least she wasn’t gonna argue. Dean might have actually said “to hell with it” and knocked her lights out if she had—Bobby had enough on his plate without some know-it-all try-hard’s mouth to add on top of it.
They’ve only been on the train fifteen, maybe twenty minutes. Just him and Emma and Tessa. At least, he assumes Tessa is on with him—she made herself scarce as soon as the Reaping ended, and it’s a petty fucking thing, but Dean’s thankful. She gets him, in that regard. Knows when he needs to not see anyone, especially anyone from the Capital.
, Dean!” Sam shouted. “Damnit, you’ve never even shot a gun!”
The ancient faux-Pagan symbol fades from the screen, replaced by a little troll of a man who seriously needs a shave and a haircut. Metadroid, or Metatron, or something, Dean thinks. A dumbass name to go with the dumbass new-ish Master of Ceremonies.
Dean allows his smirk to grow smug. Got him.
The moment passed. The fish dug itself further into the reeds, laying a string of translucent eggs behind it.
Yep. Trixie damn well knew what he was doing.
The crowd of women shifts. Near the front, where all the kids are grouped in their Sunday best, a thin blonde stands to her feet. She isn’t on the lower end of the spectrum, which is a stupid thing to be thankful for but still. She isn’t an adult, though. That much is clear from her babyface and gangly limbs. He’d put her at eighteen.
Sam didn’t look as amused. He was shaking every bit as much as Dean was pretending not to.
The camera pans, and a different part of District 3 floods the screen. A lone figure marches through the silent crowd, trenchcoat fluttering behind him. His back is straight, his steps even, but it’s forced—Dean can tell. He’s known the guy long enough to know when he’s in pain. Based on what he’s seeing, there are at least a few bruised ribs and a twisted knee under that coat.
It’s been a long time since this damn hotel awed him, if it ever awed him at all. Most things related to the Games he remembers with a vivid accuracy he wishes would fade the hell away. His thoughts of the hotel aren’t on that list.
Trixie released his throat enough for Dean to move his head. He hesitated, just long enough to confirm what he already knew, that he couldn’t get out of this. Then, he nodded.
Instead, he pitches his voice even lower, more careful than ever to keep his voice from carrying.
Yeah. Run away. Fat chance.
But he ain’t done feeling ancient. Forty years will do that to a man. Forty years crammed into four months, every last one of ‘em spent burning and dying and killing and… and…
Dean swallows. “You mean the gas station and the motel. That was you
“I know. It is a lot to take in. We could go somewhere else, if you would like? He has created a home for us. I could show you.”
“Happy birthday, Sammy.”
Castiel didn’t respond. Jerome gulped again.
“No, ya idjit.” He rolls his eyes, then digs out a flat disk from his back pocket. It looks older, even older than Bobby, and the glass square in the center is scratched all to hell. “Better.”
“Never at
He heard the note of apology. They both knew damn well that neither Dean nor Bobby would be getting any sleep at all any time soon, on the train or otherwise. It was an 8 hour ride to the Capitol, though, if Dean remembered right—he’d never been himself, but he’d been to Districts 1 and 2, and that was about how long it took to get to both of them. Like Bobby said, he’d be better off trying to spend those 8 hours sleeping than worrying about tomorrow. Or the next day. Or the next month.
Dean’s mouth shifts at the memory. Still, he sidles over, grabs a plate, and starts stuffing it high with mini quiches, chicken cutlets, and chocolate tarts, though. Waste not, want not.
In those first instants, Castiel thought it was God Himself, returned to add to His most brilliant creation. There was no light, though, much less one as bright as the one Castiel had felt in the ether at his birth. Perhaps one of his brothers, then, another angel come to witness the splendor of the Earth up close. But the movement had not come from above—it came from below.
It ain’t strictly kosher to go snooping around the other Tributes. Back when this whole thing first started, a few too many of the kids from the upper districts tried that as a means to off the competition before the Games began. Since about the fifth go-around, they’ve kept the Tributes segregated to different floors of the same hotel, close enough to give a false sense of unity but far enough apart to keep them from killing each other. In a normal year, one where the Tributes aren’t legacy players, the first time they’ll ever actually see each other is at the Opening Ceremony.
involved, then it would be in Cas’s best interest to help out. Besides, Cas planned on hitting Wyoming next, and Belmont was on the way. They’d be “killing three birds with one stone”, as he put it. It would be more difficult for Cas to refuse than to accept.
Dean waits. He’s not sure what for—a hug, some tears, a punch to the face, one of those classic “I can’t let you do this” speeches. It’s anyone’s guess with Sammy. He’s gotten all of that and then some before.
Danny sighed, and more serious as well. “You don’t know if you need a bus, tram, U-Bahn, or an S-Bahn for one of those here, and neither of us can afford to use too much public transportation. Fuck, doesn’t public transportation still cost €2.80? We still have to save for a flight back and pay for food on the way back, too!” He pointed out once more. “How do you know if it’ll be another blitz attack? It could be
“I’m sorry.” The hero Sam authentically apologized.
“Right.”
Sam sighed. “What didn’t you say something? Dude, I don’t have anything against you smoking weed, or taking psychedelics.” He exclaimed, wondering why Samuel was keeping this to himself for these first couple of days after arriving in Oklahoma. “I tried weed in college once. It’s no big deal, man.”
“War.” The pastor answered once more.
Little things set the boy off, like people continuously calling him a ‘kid,’ and a ‘boy,’ and even the slightest implication that he had a big ego angered him. It
The younger Winchester grabbed his shotgun from the top of the row of Campbell soup cans and kid instinctively pulled out a .44 caliber pistol from his jeans pocket, thus alerting one of their demons collecting water of their presence.
Samuel let out an audible groan. “Fuck!” He muttered under his breath, then shaking Rebekah’s shoulder, and waking her. “Sam, what?” She asked him tiredly, then glancing at the TV. “What…Are those…?”
“Hey, what the hell happened here?!” Dean exclaimed as him and his brother noticed the blood stains on their clothes.
The first chapter of "Reclaiming the World" is already up on this account. My ADHD wasn't under good control, nor did I start this story with a plan. I started it with an idea and decided to let the direction for where it would go come to me, but that was a mistake on my part. The story has been edited so many times, it was messy, disorganized, and what was I thinking with the POVs altering so much within a chapter? Now, I have a direction and I intend to steer this fic in the direction I want to. @misha-moose-dean-burger from Tumblr is currently beta reading and helping me out with the WIP.
The man fumbled and dropped the shell.
“Sammy?”
He looked down. “Was it?” He asked.
The older Wolff brother sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck anxiously.
There was a dire silence among them, and there was no time to waste.
“Yeah, that son of a bitch is using you as his pawns! Don’t fall for it.”
What do you guys think?
Speaking of War, he laughed.
“Hell.”
and we’re still calling Rebekah by her name; we need a last name. I’m not lying to our namesakes’ any more than I have to.”
“Sorry, Oma.” They happened say at the same time.
Sam looked over and then back.
“Sam, I need you to listen to me. Your brother needs time alone.” Future Cas said urgency with more than concern on his face, especially in his remorseful blue eyes. “We can still keep him safe; I just need you to give me more time.”
“Maine. Let’s go.”
“Where’s Sam at, kid?” He demanded the young man, who shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. I think he went on a smoke break.” Samuel answered in an intentionally naïve tone. “What do you need?”
Sam knew he was injured, despite his shoulder back in place, but some cuts and a little shoulder pain that weren’t deep enough to need stitches would keep him out. He knew what his limits were, though Dean would try to reason him and Rebekah out of helping. His wife, on the other hand, needed to rest for as long as possible, even though she wouldn’t admit it. The Winchester pride was starting to rub off on her, though, she was better off not having their bad luck streak rubbing off on her, too.
The communication between Klaus and Samuel had become scarce when the then-eighteen-year-old decided to go to college and studied pre-law at Wichita State to better his namesakes’ image. They didn’t have a fight at all, it was actually Klaus who encouraged Samuel to go out and live the life he wanted. D took a job offer to work for one of his father’s friends at an auto shop in Petoskey, Michigan, and hunted locally there with his new manager, whom he allow lived with by the time he turned eighteen. Previously he’d lived and worked with Kyle at his auto shop in Kansas City in remaining high school years.
(See the end of the chapter for
Right now, it might not seem like Sam and Dean’s story, but it is.
“But why?” Sam asked as neither Cas, nor the time-travelers told them why the attack was happening, glancing a look over at Samuel, who must’ve known
“I—I apologize.” He stammered. “My siblings and I were informed that the Winchester brothers would be here sometime today. My younger brother suggested we wait until they get here, so we don’t have to repeat ourselves.”
attract everyone’s attention for once?
“I don’t know; ask Oma and Opa.”
The explosion had to be triggered to catch them off guard, and the time-travelers had set it off from distance via gunshot. Dean noticed them come into the living room, readying their guns in the totaled and empty front room.
“Last Wednesday. And the demon thing started up the next day.” Austin answered.
“When the oil burns, no angel can touch or pass through the flames, or he dies.” Present Cas told him, bringing Dean back into reality. “Okay, so we trap him in a steel cage of holy fire, but one question.” He said. “How the hell do we get him here?”
“Like I said—” Sam tried to get to them to stop, but Reggie interrupted. “Yeah. You’re sorry.” He said. “Heard it the first time.”
The kid scowled but said nothing.
to other hunters coming after them and attempting to kill them, and they were looked down upon by many Americans (especially by law enforcement there) as criminals.
They a heard sound of a shoulder pop and a groan of pain briefly in the silence.
D nodded, though no more anxious than he already was. “
Still, though, knowing somebody would die and letting happen wasn’t going to fly with the younger Winchester, nor D and Rebekah. They had to come up with something, and even the kid reluctantly agreed to keep an open mind about this.
Rebekah turned to the boys. “Are you guys ready?” She asked.
The heroes Sam and Dean would frown on it, and especially her father, who taught her and her siblings to
Danny sighed. He’d known that his grandfather and father never got along that well and wondered why he even named after Dan in the first place. Was it only because their grandfather helped raise his three older siblings and for no other reason? Maybe even ‘homicidal’ and ‘mentally unstable’ was an understatement to describe their family. He was certain that those terms didn’t even come close to how Sam took extreme pleasure in torturing demons without any shame, and he knew for a fact that his oldest brother was a sadist.
“No, stop! Jo, Rufus, he’s lying! No!”
Rebekah was
I tried for it not to sound bland in describing what occurs in the episode and threw in some Destiel references. Hopefully, I focused more on the boys than the time-travelers, and still had enough of the latter to provide more of a mystery.
The taller brother rolled his eyes with a scoff.
“Dude, you full-on rebelled against heaven.” Dean said, trying to lighten up him up, who had spoken with such remorse in his voice and it bothered the hunter that Cas had been
“Yeah, he did, man. What’s that got to with what you told Sammy?”
“You know your way around a gun?” His namesake asked the guy.
The looks on their grandparents’ faces confirmed that he did.
Original authors note:
“Did something happen involving demons get you involved?”
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Dean turned around and leveled his gun as Sam turned, and lowered his gun upon noticing a familiar face.
“Did it ever occur to you that maybe Lucifer raised you?” Raphael suggested.
Seriously, even his twin was on their side!
. I promise.” Rebekah defended with intense worry in her tone. “I know Sam—the one I came here with—is strong, but I’m worried about what they’re doing to him.”
“Pure white.” Present Cas supplied.
Should I keep the POV format I have now, or should it be one POV per chapter?
What the hell did he tell his namesake while in the store?
“You go to hell,” he said glancing at the two hunters.
“Padré, you know what she's talking about—the water?” Dean said, turning to the pastor, who answered, “The river. Ran polluted all of a sudden.”
When he was just dating her in college, he noticed her resilience and he thought it was admirable and telling her that. He thought it was more admirable than ever now that Rebekah was willing to risk her life for a better future, but it honestly scared him how at peace she was with death. Not even Sam himself was at peace with death; he had too much work left to do.
Instead they opted to pray to Cas for help in that case.
“Yes, sir.” Both siblings said instinctively.
The taller brother rolled his eyes with a scoff.
“No, it’d be my fault. I wanted to look more in the first place. He wouldn’t get killed that easily, you know that.” The kid argued with guilt in both his voice and in his blue eyes widening with fear. “Either way, we’ll find him, or he’ll find us. You know death isn’t really permanent with us, Rebekah.”
-----------------------
“What?”
“Yeah, it looks like they’re open.” Sam answered with a yawn.
“Well. Last night on earth.” Dean said, bringing in some levity in the moment. “What are your plans?”
Updated authors note (1\23\21): I added the two fitting quotes to it.
Ellen sighed, looking at the futuristic hunter, who put away his puppy eyes.
the recipient of Samuel’s snobbish attitude and spoken to him like Sam was his superior. Dean’s own namesake was protective of him and Sam, but not like Samuel was toward Sam. The kid gravitated toward his brother, especially when he was around. Seriously, did Samuel really think that the older Winchester would harm him?
“Demons. Demons.” Present Cas answered, who had no idea how to talk to humans, outside of the modern Winchester’s and the three time-travelers. If only there was a YouTube video on teaching angels how to interact with normal people.
Him and Dean walked closer.
he’s a hunter. Still it’s none of my business, but who is he?”
“Why not?” Steven asked.
“You—”
Sam shook his head. “Fine, you win.” He muttered, sounding like he's pouting.
The two Winchesters finally arrived in the quiet suburb by cab, and the first thing they did was set their duffel-bags down and begin to take their shoes off upon being greeted by their grandparents. They found out more of the intricate details of what actually happened with Sam, Dean, and Rebekah, and were worn out.
The younger Winchester they had more help to do with the Apocalypse, but everything felt so damn bleak. Nothing could undo the fact that
“How many demons are there?” Sam asked her.
“You have been with women before. Right?” He pried. “Or an angel, at least?”
Now, Dean seemed to be holding a resentment toward him and he did say what John said when he left with Ruby supposedly to stop the Apocalypse, so what was the point of even sticking around with his older brother? It was clear Dean didn’t trust him by his body language and he kept that voicemail of Dean calling him a “bloodsucking freak” he would kill, so why hadn’t he done it by now?
Dean thought with remorse of having to wake them up to go back out, despite he wanted to not wake them and let them sleep.
“I have a solution I think you’ll like.” Sam said. “Similar to how we met in college as strangers initially, instead when I left for eight years, you came with me and enrolled as well.” The younger of the two brothers shook his head. “Sammy, you were out for eight years and you didn’t require as much refresher training.” He said. “What if we just say that Rebekah graduated from secondary school early and got accepted into a university, so she had more time away from hunting than you?”
“Send them back.” Sam demanded.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
“What’s going on?” Lindsay cried out at the same time, looking over at the hero Sam and Samuel.
Him and Ellen passed the tan car from earlier and the sprinkler was still on.
“This isn’t
Rufus backhanded Sam, and then the kid right after.
“Why not?” Present Cas asked, confused, and it was kind of cute, not that Dean would acknowledge it, or admit it. The older Winchester pushed the thought of his head.
He nodded, saying nothing.
understand. “Come on. You were hooked on something; I know the look.” She said, pulling a medallion out of her pocket. “Three years sober.”
“I can only take two of you on one trip and one on another.” He said.
“Please! Jo! He’s lying!”
Dean realizes in being ‘stuck’ with Samuel and his older cousin-turned-surrogate-parent, Kyle, that the boy has a few surprising things in common with him. The future isn’t anything like he expected either. He can’t stop thinking about his younger brother and time can’t go by any slower in 2056. It doesn’t help that the kid reminds him of Sam in ways that boy probably doesn’t even realize.
The older Winchester turned to Ellen. “Alright, catch us up.” He said.
The boy had a look of defeat on his face, realizing that his brother was right. Sam understood where D was coming from and it made sense, yet it frustrated him that his ‘endgame actions’ to stopping Lucifer were kept between them. He put his cup down, and felt a headache coming on as he picked up his menu. The two time-travelers followed suit, looking through theirs.
“You okay?” Dean asked, glancing over at present Cas.
The futuristic time-traveler brothers had puzzled expressions on their faces as the waitress came back with a tray of four coffee mugs, and with the assorted little cups of creamer. “Sorry about the wait,” she apologized with a yawn, putting the mugs and cups of creamer on the table, “the coffee makers on its last legs. What can I get ya’ll to eat, or you need a few minutes?”
Sam and Dean, had come along with him to the past, but there was no sight of them. Castiel tried to find them in the far distant future of 2056 to find out that Lucifer had been released once more, though not intentionally, by Sam’s namesake. The young German man, American wife, and one of his younger brothers were fleeing the country to avoid getting murdered by hunters while coming up with a plan. The other two siblings, Emma, and Danny were going to catch a later flight, as this Sam was angry about.
As always, thank you for reading, subscribing, and bookmarking this story. I’m sorry that this chapter took so long to write, given the additional research I did in making sure nothing was inaccurate about Germany and that I had writer’s block for a while. I’m just an American who loves Persona 5 and Criminal Minds (aside from Supernatural), which are my main inspirations right now. Now, I’m back, and with less wrist pain as well.
“No, listen. This is important. I know you don’t trust me.” Sam insisted.
“DEAN!”
I hope the boys aren't OOC, and I wrote their characters accurately.
“Yeah, basically. Can you try to reach him?”
I had no real direction in the beginning for this story, hence the earlier chapters are a mess and I should have realized that the alternating third person POVs within the chapters would get confusing for readers. Admittedly, I had got confused by them at times and for consistency's sake, each chapter will have a single POV, usually either Sam or Dean.
Either way, they needed to get into contact with the future version of the angel and figure out the
Samuel tried to get out of the way, but as Tim held him against the wall. “I’ll kill you, too, you bastard.” He threatened and the young man smirked. “You knew Sam started the Apocalypse, didn’t you, and you’ll still protect him! Get that goddamn smug look off your face!”
The older Winchester sibling glanced a look of annoyance at him. “I don’t know, maybe quit bitching and try praying to Michael or Castiel?” She snapped. “That’s what I’m gonna try doing outside and get my blood.”
“Good luck.” The younger Winchester said.
“Thanks, Sam.” She said, looking toward husband, gesturing to the button-up.
The girl tensed, indicating her tension. “It’s a long story.” She said.
“What was your poison?” She asked him.
How do you guys like the chapter? I hope it's better since I fixed it up.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The others were quiet when he broke the silence.
Apologies if my recollection of emergency room questions are inaccurate, various searches on Google like ‘questions E.R. doctors ask,’ didn’t generate a lot of specific results.
“Sammy, if you don’t shut up in five minutes, I’m gonna drug you to sleep.”
“Dean, there’s something I must discuss with you. It’s about hunting with Sam again.” The futuristic angel said with urgency in his voice. “He and the time-travelers will be at the hotel soon. I know you’re concerned Heaven and Hell will use you both against each other and you want space from Sam.”
The youngest Winchester sibling scoffed. “They’ll never leave us alone,” he said.
“And there fell a great star from heaven, burning like a torch, and it fell upon the river, and the name of the star was Wormwood. And many men died.” He read, and the pastor spoke up, “Revelation eight ten. Are you saying that this is about the apocalypse?”
Dean overheard Ellen not far from him as he was assisting with the shotgun training, whilst keeping an eye on the sleeping Sam and Rebekah. She was standing in front of their namesakes, who were sitting in the opposite corner of the church.
Ellen and Jo would be safe, and they wouldn’t die today.
The boy was especially tense and nervous, like he was afraid of doing something wrong or maybe saying the wrong thing around him. It didn’t explain why the kid was the most skittish toward him whenever Sam had more questions, especially since telling him to tone his attitude down.
Calmly with no surprise on his face, Dean looked at him. “We could just call you Samuel instead.” He said in a slightly teasing, only half-serious tone. “I’m using my middle name, or maybe just
“Sorry, Padré.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“And?”
Special thanks to @misha-moose-dean-burger on Tumblr for beta reading and for the helpful suggestions!!
They probably didn’t buy the story, given the suspicious looks on their faces.
A couple of hours later, the four of them arrived at the Century Hotel in Kansas City. Sam booked one room for himself, and offered D the other bed in his room, in case Samuel and Rebekah wanted privacy, who accepted the offer, and wasn’t in the mood to sleep in a room that smelled like a cannabis den.
Rebekah interrupted him, scowling in irritation. “Stop being such a fucking diva, Sam.” She snapped, turning the car toward the left, where she saw a truck rest stop. Sam let out a sigh of relief at the same time as D and Rebekah, who looked more than happy to get out of the car filled with awkward silence.
Rebekah thought about it for a moment. “Don’t I need a back-story first? How would we work in your dad having the time to have another kid, or are we using one of the usual covers?” She asked carefully. “Klaus doesn’t seem like the type of person to do one-night-stands.”
Though the younger Winchester noticed that Samuel had acted entirely toward him, the opposite of everyone else they encountered in Oklahoma. About everyone else, except for their manager at the bar, were recipients of his snobbish personality. He was overly respectful, considerate, and kind toward Sam, and seemed overly protective as well. It’s like the kid was afraid something would happen to him and clung to him, for perhaps comfort or to ease his own worry, despite his skittishness.
4 “War will be upon us soon.”
The town is returned to normal after Sam and his namesake are rescued, War is rendered powerless by the loss of his ring, and something tells the boys that won't be seeing the last of the three time-traveler's anytime soon.
, man? We have food and everything else we need.” He asked skeptically, though concerned for the kid. “What the hell are you trying to hide, Samuel?”
Sam nodded, glancing over at his brother and wife, as he ran his hand through his short, black hair. “I already made them before leaving,” he said indignantly with a snort, “I take it you don’t know me that well to even feel the need to ask.”
could he kill them? It couldn’t be what he suspected, so they must have had a weapon unknown to him and Dean.
“We should find some paper towels and clean off our knives,” he suggested thoughtfully, but he felt that craving again for the blood and here they were, standing between two dead demons.
The angel looked at the ID curiously.
It was bad that she and her four siblings (counting Rebekah) didn’t feel safe going out anywhere without a gun, or any sort of weapon. Over the past few years, all four of them had been ambushed when they were alone by other hunters, as their father was right about teaching them to not trust hunters outside of the family.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Same goes for the dream-walking shtick. Yeah, fine, Dean’s dreams anymore are just nightmares and flashbacks, so he can’t say he really objects to having them cut short every so often. And, despite his complaining, it’s only happened a handful of times. Maybe ten, but definitely not more than that. Still, though, it’s the principle of the matter. He wouldn’t want Sam, his own
Dean throws back another shot and slams the bottle down on the table.
“Well, I’m not buying what you’re selling. So who are you, really?”
Five seconds is about four more than Dean can handle. Fists clenched—not that that’s gonna do any good, based on how it reacted to bullets and the knife—he makes a wide circle around the thing and heads for Bobby. Castiel either gets the hint or gets bored with the prolonged eye contact, because it finally looks away from Dean and toward the plethora of unused stuff on the nearest table. It pokes at a bag of salt without so much as a flinch, then looks right, apparently taking a special interest in one of Bobby’s sigil books. Dean can’t say that the thing is expressive. It ain’t easy to read at all, and that’s just another thing to hate. But Dean thinks it almost looks… amused.
the element, anyway. On that glorious year, we reaped not
"Sam's in no more danger than he is on a regular basis. Cassie and Gabe smuggled him out well before the Capitol drones could swarm in, so I doubt they know where he is. I said that anyone with half a brain would assume he'd come here, but Cassie insisted that Lucifer would never assume that either of you could be stupid enough to risk that."
Okay, yeah, cause
“Yeah. Good plan. Let me just go grab Emma. She needs to be in on this.”
Sam steps closer, his fingers held up in front of his pockets, a half-attempt at holding out his hands as if Dean was a wounded animal.
“Cas, where the hell have you—oh.”
Over the noise of the crowd, the commentator’s voice finally caught Dean’s ears.
Dean nodded, then gave him the best approximation of a salute he could manage with shivering, clammy hands.
And… well. Should’ve known. Just like every other one of Dean’s victories, this one means fuck-all.
, as Trixie had called it, whatever the fuck it meant. Dean glanced at Bela to make sure she was ready, but he really shouldn’t have bothered—she already had her free hand out, throwing waves and blowing kisses to anyone who caught her eye.
,” Balthazar mutters, eyes darting in Dean’s direction even as he dances around him with sprays and creams who knows what the fuck else, “decided to be MIA while I was working. But Gabriel gave me your measurements, and they should suffice. Assuming you haven’t either embalmed yourself or grown a beer gut over the last few days. Neither would surprise me.”
“My name is Ruby, and I’ll be your escort for the duration of this year’s Games. Lucky me.” Ruby sighed dramatically and gave them a quick onceover. “This is the part where I’m supposed to tell you about how I’ll be supporting you all the way and ‘Go team!’, but let’s be real here. The Games are rigged. You know it, I know it, everybody with more than two brain cells to rub together knows it. I just don’t happen to be popular enough to know who they’ve rigged it
He sniffed—loudly, obviously, and that just made him hate himself—then smacked Sam on the chest and pushed himself off.
“The fuck is that? We doing
“What?” Under Dean’s fingers, Sam’s neck went clammy. His expression shifted—not surprised, or afraid, but suspicious. Dean tightened his fist. “Wait, how do you know about that?”
“Who you calling a corncob?!”
It didn’t take a lot of brainpower to know why he avoided sleep like the plague those nights.
“Who went all Hannibal Lector on his competition?” Bobby laughs without a trace of humor. “Yep, that’d be him. Richard Roman. Dick. He’s made something of a name for himself with a chain of fine-dining restaurants in the Capitol, but, God, you don’t wanna know what’s on the menu. And the woman, Eve, she’s his former mentor. You can bet those two are gonna be thick as thieves till it comes time for one of ‘em to take a dirt nap.”
"What? But... but I never leave. I stay in that damn bunker with Cas all the time, how - "
“You heard me. They still exist, right? They’re still more powerful than the rest of this world combined? Then why haven’t they put an end to it?”
The guy doesn’t answer. Dean leans back against the wall, angling himself to show off the jut of his hipbone and the bulge in his jeans. The guy’s hand doesn’t move from his baton. Finally, Dean allows himself to roll his eyes, but he makes the gesture look fond, amused, instead of fucking irritated as hell and not a little bit worried.
“Yep, nice bone structure. We can work with that,” he mumbled. “I gotta admit, though, I don’t know too much about your neck of the woods. You people are farmers, right?”
Castiel stares back at him like they’re sharing some bit of common knowledge.
Castiel was not alone in his fascination. During the brief interludes when he convened with the Seraphim behind the Gates, they all expressed their curiosity. Even angels who had nothing to do with guardianship and had only heard tales of the little planet were prone to conversation on the topic. One of the most widely held debates was what to call it. Each angel came into being with knowledge of every language that would ever be spoken, written, or otherwise communicated throughout the universe, and each of those languages had a different name for Castiel’s favorite planet. As for himself, he took to the label “Earth”.
“Good, the prodigal son is returned and well-rested,” she sneered. “Can we talk now? What’s our plan?”
He never let Sam touch the stuff. Neither did John.
And yep, there it is—Castiel nods. Dean’s breath whooshes out of him like he’s trying not to drown. Angel. This thing is a fucking
Tessa would be his second choice, but she’s been MIA since the party at Crowley’s. Capitol shit, he knows, so he can’t be too hard on her. Bobby’s already tried to get the message out, but the concierge at the front desk stopped him, thinking he was betraying Dean to give some intel to Caleb and Annie. Shows how little any of these Capitol pricks really know what’s going on.
“Deano, I’m telling you,
Careful of the sludgy dirt underfoot, he dug his way through the wheat. The duck was just a few yards off. He couldn’t help but smile at it—it looked bigger here than it had in the sky. He and Sam would eat well tonight.
As expected, Bela shot him yet another wilting glare. He straightened himself up and pouted at her, letting his eyes linger again at her low-cut dress. She smiled, serene, and looked away. A second later, her heeled boot came down on his toe, easily cracking his nail.
, you never get anything. It was just three entries, Dean.”
Dean scoffed. “And you plan on doing that with, what,
The doors slam shut, and the nonexistent driver speeds the limo toward the parking zone off to the side. Tessa clips the black and white lace nailstrip that controls the remote controller onto her middle finger, holding it till it cures to her polish. When Dean catches her eye, she winks. He smirks—her rebellions are little, but, at least from her, they still count.
It kills him, fucking eviscerates him, but he takes a deep breath, unclenches his fists, and looks back down. His blood still boils.
not suspicious. This thing is all-knowing, the fuck is he trying to pull with this “made aware” bullshit?
Dean’s fist flies. His little brother’s head cracks back and slams into the wall. A long moment passes, the ancient clock ticking on the wall behind them, before Sam tilts his face forward again. A trickle of blood works its way down from his mouth where Dean must’ve caught his teeth. He lifts his thumb to wipe it off. Dean says nothing. Regret doesn’t come as easy as it used to.
Inside his head, he raised the glass to himself in a little toast to his own sense of humor. The second shot actually burned worse than the first. Dean almost smiled—finally, a liquor that did what it was supposed to do.
“If you say ‘in mysterious ways’, so help me, I will kick your ass.”
“Thanks.” He laughed, dry and humorless, as he plucked the final feather from the bird’s neck. “And may the odds be ever in my favor.”
something strange going on.
She popped the thread at the top and sifted through the hay, tossing it out onto the floor until she found her prize at the bottom. Dean couldn’t help but smirk—the hares he’d trapped and skinned for her were worth it. Sure enough, she outright
Trixie marched closer, swinging his arms wildly. “Hey hey, stop that! We haven’t even gotten started yet!”
“Or something,” all three of them answered at once.
What he
“Funny, thought you said it was Crowley.”
“Voila. My work here is done, boys.”
“Wow, you don’t beat around the bush, do you?”
“Azazel?”
“We’re good for ten minutes. It’s old, so the signal’s shit to begin with. Remember that cassette player you made into a walkie talkie?” Dean smirks, surprised—he didn’t think Sam ever thought about their first attempt at long-distance communication. “Well, I took a lesson from your book. Old tech works, man. Besides, I’ve got the thing scrambled to a stretch in the center of the Atlantic. If anyone’s watching and they even manage to tap into the line, all they’re gonna see and hear is fish.”
at, directly, to be seen. Everything, in fact, was like that. Nothing on this planet existed as it did in Heaven. It was so much to take in. It was all so…
Out in the hall, he could see the view outside a lot better. Mountains, far as the eye could see. Huge rocky things that stretched to the sky on all sides. At one point, they probably amazed him, but all he felt now was tired and in need of a drink. Not that he was gonna get anything like that on this train.
In retaliation, Dean steals the remote from Bobby’s other hand. He flicks past the next few screens. Isaac and Tamara, married couple from District 11, both capable and as nice as any of the victors could really be called “nice”. District 10, Martin Creaser—an older man, probably close to Bobby’s age, one of John’s old friends that Dean only remembers by name—and Pamela Barnes—just a few years older than Dean, and every bit as gorgeous as he remembered. Her leather training uniform pulls tight across her breasts. He lingers on their screen a little longer than he probably should, a little smirk ticking at his mouth.
Overhead, Sam groaned.
hear Sam shouting. He can hear Cas repeating his name. But he doesn’t stick around. He can’t.
This is big. Too big. Lucifer. The devil. Freaking Satan himself. Dean couldn’t even keep his little brother safe. How’s he supposed to protect the whole world?
Bela Talbot, hair swinging and nose wrinkled, hips swaying as she strode up the steps of the train platform. She looked every bit as bored as she had on stage.
His brother’s eyes narrowed into snaky little slits, but it didn’t last for long. Half a second later, his shoulders deflated, and he just bit his lip and nodded. He had to understand that Dean wasn’t just leaving him for nothing—he was a smart kid, he knew the importance of saying nothing to mean everything in public.
“Dean…” His little brother wipes off the rest of the blood and sighs. “I deserved that. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way, I swear. I know you still… that you blame yourself…”
For a long time, Dean doesn’t move. Doesn’t breathe. A loose piece of the broken communicator cuts into his shoe, someone is saying his name, but those things might as well be happening a thousand miles away.
Trixie rolled his eyes again. “C’mon, Deano, give me a little more credit than that. Granted, I
He looks to his left, just to make sure Emma’s still there. She is, and, better still, Tessa’s wandered over to watch her. There’s a solid wall of people between them, but she’s still in Tessa’s line of sight, and that’s enough.
Dean felt the glare pointed in his direction, the one that might as well have said, “Don’t be an idjit,” but it’s not like he needed it. The kick had made Bobby plenty clear already. And Dean was still in the “hell fucking no” camp, but he had to concede that it wasn’t a bad idea. Dad might’ve loved to preach that he got through his Games on skill alone, but he was an exception, not the rule. Most people needed at least a handful of sponsors to make it out alive. Dean wasn’t anything special, so he’d probably need more than just a handful.
“Alright, well, that’s still enough to get started with.” Bela swung her legs over the couch to take a seat across from Dean and Bobby at the bar. “I always received excellent marks in my athletics classes, so that won’t be an issue, and I have excellent aim. I’m already planning to exploit that for ranged weapons. But I need pointers on hand-to-hand combat and survival skills. I’m not about to die from a knife to the back or some poisonous berry, if there even are any where we’re going.”
He never does.
“No one?” Bela took the whiskey Bobby had stolen from Dean and threw back a shot of her own, straight from the bottle. She didn’t so much as blink. Dean bit down on his lip to keep himself from grinning. “Really?”
it. He’s Dean Winchester; he ain’t a little bitch. But that itchy, watery feeling has been chasing him for a while.
Dean blinks—he didn’t know that Sam actually vetted Cas out—but he doesn’t say anything.
Dean’s spine stiffens, his nails bite into his palms. He wants to laugh in its face. He wants to tell it that it’s fucking naïve if it believes in “good things”. Especially if it believes that they exist in Dean’s world.
“Good.” Sammy put on a small, entirely fake grin and sidled up to the burlap sack on the floor. “So, what’d you bag us for supper?”
“I assume that means you’re living it up, then.”
“I can’t believe you agreed to these stupid costumes. I feel like a pay-per-view stripper.”
“Two entries,” he repeated. “That’s what you said yesterday.”
“Did you think about yourself for even a second? Or what about Ellen? Bobby? They’re already gonna have to watch Jo, now they’ll have to –”
Tessa shoots another fake 500 watt smile at the drones and steps up to the table.
“That’s why we’re here. Big things afoot.”
allowed to take a walk, right? Gotta keep in shape, man.”
“Congratulations, esteemed Tributes of District 9, this will be the first day of the rest of your lives, blah blah blah.”
. He hated to admit it, but she'd been right back on the train—they were
With all the subtlety of a bull in a china shop, Sam sidles over to his side.
“Gabe, you better have one damn good excuse for—”
Tessa—long-since retired as the Master of Ceremonies and now acting as District 9’s ambassador, chauffeuring children off to their deaths—showed up just a few hours ago. She gave him a look when she came in, just as somber and sympathetic as always, but didn’t say anything. He appreciates that, too. He wouldn’t trust anyone else with her job.
“Thanks, Dean.” His fingers shook as he started in on the waxy feathers. “Just one more year, right? Just gotta get through tomorrow.”
doing.
Cas stops long enough to shoot what Dean is sure is a fucking freezing glare at the Capitol fuckwad next to the stage, then steps up by himself. Dean’s stomach lands somewhere near his feet when he turns to face the audience. His face is dried blood, one cheek swollen, the other cut to ribbons all under his eye. His lips are more chapped than usual. His five o’clock shadow is darker. But he just stands there, stoic. No movement, no words, no expression, as far as anyone can see. But
She took a slip from the very top and unfolded it on her podium.
Dean rolls his eyes and pushes past the first row of bottles—wine, why the fuck does he even
“We’ve been doing some recon. Found out all we could about the other Tributes. We thought it’d be good to give you a rundown before the Opening Ceremony.”
And then, one day, something changed. Something
“Never you worry, dear,” the second one simpered. “We’re just leaving. Your stylist, Trixie, is on the way.”
“I can’t say I was expecting it, but it wasn’t unpleasant.”
“Maybe… maybe District 13—”
enough to tell him.
He just… he feels so
He gives Bobby the stink-eye, which the old man is all too happy to return with a smile. As usual, Sam rolls his eyes and barges on.
Dean looks back to the screen. The woman is quite a bit younger, buxom, sleek, and decked head-to-toe in black leather. Dean wonders if the guy who rigged the Reaping this year has a thing for redheads, cause this chick makes three. Before he can start wondering if he himself has a thing for redheads, too, he shakes his head and goes back to focusing on the competition.
“Whoa whoa whoa, slow your roll, hot stuff.” For a little guy, Trixie was quick—in the blink of an eye, he was hovering right in front of Dean’s face. Well, his chest, anyway. Even in heels, he was a solid head shorter. “Where the hell are you going? Not sure you noticed, but the door is all lasered up. And what are you gonna wear tonight?”
Sam tensed up. Dean couldn’t blame him—they never hugged. Not when John died, not when Jess was killed… it just didn’t happen. But, right now, watching his baby brother stare at the parents of his dead girlfriend, hands clenched at his sides, Dean couldn’t think of anything else to do.
The man gulped. “G-g-go for it.”
With a growl, Dean stepped around the desk and backed her into the wall. He put his own hand behind her head, mostly to keep himself from hitting her, but also to be sure her head didn’t bounce against the wood. Much as he wanted to, he couldn’t afford to bruise her.
They keep a solid two feet of space between them all the way down the hall. They’ve passed the sixth totally friggin’ useless spare bedroom when Sam grunts, herding him into the room on the left.
He elbowed past Castiel while still giving him a wide berth, squishing himself against the railing tightly so no part of him touched Castiel’s body. If Castiel hadn’t already been stunned, that would have done it—for all that Dean postured otherwise, he was an incredibly tactile man.
“Okay.” He sounded less than convinced.
“You keep your brother safe,” he’d said, the last words he’d ever spoken to Dean before he was gunned down just outside the District fence. “Keep Sammy from getting reaped. And, if you can’t—”
, poking around in his head—what gives this complete stranger the right?
, that he
There wasn’t any kickback, but the sparks were bright enough to almost make Dean flinch. He thought he did a good show of covering it, though. So did Bela. If she’d been shocked at all, she didn’t show it. Much as it annoyed him, he was a little impressed by that.
Sam barreled down the aisle like a steam train and rammed right into Dean’s chest. Dean held them both steady, legs shaking but feet braced against the dusty ground. He let his arms wrap around the kid for two seconds, maybe three, taking in the wet stain growing on his shoulder and the smell of hay in his brother’s hair. Then, he pushed Sam back and coughed.
But six days isn’t long at all. Not outside the Arena. He’s barely worked himself into a proper hangover, much less a proper rage, and the latter means a hell of a lot more to his survival than the fact that he should have spent the last week preparing himself to kill again.
That was as much as he could get out. Before he could finish, Jerome had set upon him, pressed flat against his chest with one hand curled into Castiel’s hair to drag him deeper into the unexpected kiss.
When she hits the steps, close enough for him to take her in for himself, something prickles at the back of his head. He didn’t expect to recognize her. He never expects to recognize anybody in the District—he purposely avoids them all like the plague. But this girl is familiar.
It happens all at once. It ain't a gradual thing that builds, like Sam's anger or compassion. Fear hits his brother over the head like a frying pan, crashing down around him and leaving him shaky, wide-eyed, and pale. Even in this moment, Dean has an unshakable urge to pull Lucifer in by his collar and plow a bullet through his brain.
Bobby coughs, muttering something under his breath about getting something stronger to drink. He dialed in just a few seconds after the TV came on, a hologram of the crotchety old bastard popping up across from the couch. Jody’s sitting beside him, hands shaking around a cup of coffee. Sam called Cas immediately after. His best friend is silent on the other end of his brother’s communicator watch. Not that anyone but Dean seems to notice. Sam’s eyes have been glued on his big brother since the Capitol emblem popped up on the screen.
With a calm he didn’t feel, he turned around and clapped his brother on the back.
He grits his teeth. “Yeah, I figured that much, I mean
With a huff, he rolled over, yet again, body curled toward the stove. He could just make out Sam’s reflection in the grimy surface, shoulders rising and falling in his sleep. He knew that, if he turned around (again), he’d see a wrinkle between his baby brother’s brows, one that didn’t belong on a newly-minted fourteen-year-old. He’d been watching it, hoping it would smooth itself away, for the last hour-and-a-half. It made him look tired. It reminded him of John.
“And I am so,
Sam glared at him, his weedy little fists balled up at his sides.
here?”
Before the guy can respond—which, weirdly, he doesn’t look like he was going to—Dean turns toward his brother and Jody. Bobby’s apparently taken up where Dean left off, rifling through the remains of the liquor cabinet.
“Yeah, I mean like 9. Who the hell are they gonna pick to fight with you?”
But those were monsters. Not people. Not kids. Not anymore.
, Castiel, is still staring at him. Five whole seconds, and it hasn’t blinked once. Hasn’t made good on its demand to talk to him in private, either.
Steeling himself, he flew to the precipice of the Earth’s surface, where land gave way to sand and salt and water. No great chasm had sprung up along the edge. The storm across the sea was continuous but not unnatural. But, still, there was movement. A change in the wind.
He glances back up at the couch immediately, even though he can already feel that Sam’s still there. Safe. And, yep, sure enough, he’s passed out cold, hugging the blanket, like they aren’t in the middle of some holy shitshow. Dean finds himself more relieved than annoyed. Sam and Bobby have had a day—they both deserve to sleep it off. Besides, this conversation he just knows is about to happen isn’t something he wants an audience for. Given that Castiel showed up in the kitchen and hasn’t made any move to come closer, he agrees. He’s just standing there. Watching Dean.
He reached for a beer and shook the thought from his head.
“Because God commanded it. Because we have work for you.”
He doesn’t sign his name or initials. Cas’ll know it’s him. Cas’ll know what it means. He knows just as well as Dean does that that’s the only damn spot in this hotel that isn’t flanked with guards—just one at each elevator and each door. Nobody roaming the stairs themselves. It’s not like they haven’t used it to meet up before.
“You’re fucking with me,” he groused. “Sam put you up to this?”
“Dean,” Sam hissed, flopping his hair over his forehead, “you said you weren’t going out there anymore! You said—”
At least, he'd thought they could.
“Oh, I don’t know about that. But, then, I’ve always loved playing games. Fun is my name.”
He shakes his head, and a tear rolls down his nose. That’s not a thought he needs to be dwelling on. He did enough of that while he was on the rack—it was one of Alistair’s favorite torture porn scenarios, making him watch his brother die in his arms over, and over, and over again. He’s fucking done with it.
After arriving at the St. Peter’s Hospital, Dean and present Cas observed Donnie from the hallway window.
“Bobby called, like whatever-his-real-name-is there said.” Tim answered.
, was polite and calm, not to mention a somewhat of a believer who prayed every night since childhood.
“Yeah. We’re fucked, Emma.” He said loudly with frustration in his voice as their grandparents came through the door with a couple of shopping bags from a local supermarket, and he turned to them. “Hey, Oma, Opa?” He asked them as Dan and Angelika sat the bags down for a moment and slipped their shoes off. “Did you see any demons while you were out?”
“Very simple. There’s, well, almost an open phone line between a vessel and his angel.” His friend, just his friend and not his, never mind, explained to the older Winchester. “One just has to know how to dial.”
“Yeah. Uh. Sam’s my middle name.” Sam improvised at the last minute, glancing back at Samuel trying not to pay attention, though technically they were also using
His namesake looked a bit confused and frustrated now.
“Yeah, but Sam and Dean aren’t here.” He pointed out.
“Of course, he is!” He exclaimed under his breath, huffing.
a reason why it was best to let the twenty-six-year-old do the negotiating instead of them.
Sam didn’t have time to respond, except for an initial gasp upon looking at the kid when the door of the Quick-Mart chimed as two demons came in. He ducked down and pulled the kid down with him and found the mirror watching them, who seemed to be about to confront them with his hand about to reach for a visible gun in his jeans pocket.
Sam panicked when War told his and Dean’s namesakes to ask about his blood, though he didn’t care for being addressed by the full form of his name. His brother, meanwhile, attentive to his brother’s emotional needs, realized something was wrong. Ellen and Jo weren’t supposed to die today, though, that was a relief on their part. Castiel must’ve got the date wrong, or maybe they gave him the incorrect date based on the stories told to them back when they were kids.
“I—I don’t know—jeez. Are you okay? Where’s Steve?” His namesake continued.
“I trust you finished your planning. We need to leave now.” He said urgently in his gravelly voice, alerting the three Winchesters of his presence. “Are you ready?”
Thank you for reading, subscribing, and bookmarking this story. This second part, like the first part, is inspired by “Helena” and “Ghost of You,” by MCR, and this part is particularly motivated by season 7 of Criminal Minds. The song from the beginning of CM 5x13, “Enemy” by Flyleaf, and “The Moment I Said It” by Imogen Heap from CM 3x5, partially inspired this chapter amongst different things, including Spn 1x16. It also contains brief mentions of Spn season 12.
Additionally tws: Suicidal Sam, mentions of addiction, smoking, and mentions of lung cancer.
Emma blushed and she hung up the phone and put it back in her pocket. She knew it was wrong to drink blood from the demon who betrayed her twin brother’s namesake, and it was even more wrong that she developed feelings for that demon. Ruby would mock her for it, if she ever said anything about it, and her family would be disgusted with her for it.
“I can’t sit here on my ass. My daughter’s out there somewhere.” Ellen said determinedly and hurried over there. “I’m not back in half an hour, go. Get these people out of here.”
“Who told you about us, dude?” Dean asked the strange kid.
“You could say. And these specific omens, they’re prelude to what?”
about something, then they’d return to find you if his namesake wanted to.” The boy named after him explained remorsefully. “I assume Sammy must’ve already told him, and your brother would already be on his way along with mine.”
“So that’s pretty boy’s real name?” Tim mocked, then looked at the time-traveler. “
German translations:
Dan and Angelika could remember a time when Klaus only wanted to give his four kids a normal life in Germany, and never bring them into the hunting life. They thought Klaus had moved on after Fiona died, but what happened to Hanna drove him down a similar road that his uncle went down.
The TV in the bar was on and the news anchor’s voice spoke.
The younger Winchester opened his laptop to a calligraphed page of the Book of Revelations in Latin and highlighted a section and magnified it. He realized that neither of them had told Bobby about the time-travelers yet as he picked up the phone and scrolled past a few names until he reached Bobby’s.
People in the bar were staring him as he was speaking quite loudly.
listen to us.”
Plus, he was a bit drowsy from the Vicodin and washing it down with whiskey, but he was too energized and motivated to feel too much of it. Rebekah seemed a bit more tired, and he knew that if he weren’t with her, Dean would take her back to the church and stay with her if she needed to doze off.
“Rebekah is right, there’s no time for fighting.” He said, seeing some of his friend and love, no, it was a profound bond,
Authors note:
“Sammy, where the hell are you? Did the kid tell you anything about what’s going on?”
The younger-looking kid glanced at Sam through rear-view mirror in front of them with empathy.
I added the quotes I found to be fitting for this chapter.
“There’s others and maybe Dean was right about us going out alone was a bad idea.” The kid admitted reluctantly in a quiet manner, clearly displeased with being wrong. “He said he’d come after us if we didn’t come back in fifteen minutes.” Rebekah sighed, looking at her brother with concern, then glancing at the boys for a moment before turning back to him. “Sam, he’s probably already on his way! We should just head back.” She pointed out, clearly freaked out. “God, what if we get him killed?! It’ll be my fault.”
If any of the other three disobeyed direct orders and asked questions when it was forbidden to do so, they would be punished. There were strict punishments, within reason, for every rule broken, and Samuel could break only a couple of those rules. There were always rules in place, even while Klaus was away, and even Samuel didn’t test his limits further than he already did. The four kids called him ‘Dad,’ but when it came down to orders, it was ‘yes, sir,’ or ‘no, sir.’
The two Winchester siblings were tensed as their grandmother shown them the bedrooms, they would be staying in. Emma would be in her old bedroom (that she shared with Sam), the last room on the left in the hallway, and Danny’s old bedroom was right across from hers. Her younger brother yawned as he took his bag into his old room and shut the door behind him.
He looked over at his brother, cautiously stitching up his wife’s shoulder.
The time-traveler thought irritably, keeping hand in his pocket, gripped around the revolver’s handle.
“Yeah.” The older kid and Rebekah answered in unison.
looked panicked and his voice was more frantic than earlier. “I saw them, the demons. They know we’re trying to leave.” He said. “They said they’re gonna pick us off one by one.”
He thought worriedly about his brother and wife and kicked the distracted hunter in the stomach and pushed him to the floor right when Sam came out and put the older hunter in a chokehold.
It wasn’t like Dean expected the kid to understand, who practically worshiped Sam, and explained away why the older Winchester shouldn’t blame his brother for any of this. Yeah, he broke the first seal and tortured people in Hell, but he never chose a demon over his own brother. More than likely, the kid never experienced betrayal like that before, and it wasn’t like the boy was able to understand something like that.
Dean muttered under his breath.
“Hey, are you okay, Samuel?” The hero Sam asked as the young man approached the younger Winchester at the table located away from anybody, where he could safely explain himself and his abnormal ways. Not even his own namesake could entirely understand him, who
Sam hung up the phone.
Emma looked visibly nervous as he looked over at her.
I should eventually be able to write the German conversation parts on my own instead of relying on Google translate.
Dean stopped her. “You’re hunting with Jo?”
“Not revenge.” Sam said with more determination. “Redemption.”
It was clear right away that Samuel was afraid of him, which was why he clung to the younger Winchester like Dean would harm the boy, for inadvertently re-releasing Lucifer in the future. If the kid spoke to him, it was with hesitancy and fear, and he stayed close to Sam whenever he was in contact with Dean. The boy looked at him with fear, distrust, or both at the same time, whenever he did make eye contact with the older Winchester, like he was waiting for Dean to pull out his gun and shoot him. Well, he did threaten the boy for getting Sam alone, and put in potential danger, and accused him of being Lucifer.
Rebekah seemed to think for a moment further. “I like it.”
“Up ahead. So, what’s up with you and Dean?” She asked, clearly concerned.
“What are we gonna do about it?” He questioned in return.
“Yeah, you’re right. We can. But not together. We’re not stronger when we’re together, Sam. I think we’re weaker. Because whatever we have between us—love, family, whatever it is—they are always gonna use it against us.” He said tearfully. “And you know that. Yeah, we’re better off apart. We got a better chance of dodging Lucifer and Michael and this whole damn thing, if we just go our own ways.”
The kid ran his hand through his hair tensely. “Because it wasn’t your fault. Why should you be blamed for what a demon tricked you into doing?” He answered with his blue eyes sympathizing toward Sam’s remorseful hazel eyes. “You were used as a puppet for the demons to get what they want, and yet you’re being blamed for something you never wanted a part in. It’s not right at all.”
Samuel knew Tim would pull out that vial of demon blood and he gulped as he saw it in the older hunter’s hand and glanced at his namesake staring at it. He was
Two passersby ignored the man while Dean got out of the Impala, locked it up, and headed for the hotel. “Excuse me, friend, but have you taken time out to think about God’s plan for you?” The Bible salesman said, addressing the older Winchester, who stopped and looked at him. “Too friggin’ much, pal.” He said, understandably frustrated, and entered the hotel.
“Uh, no, Kolchak. He’s down at Saint Pete’s.”
The younger, futuristic Dean thought his older brother would at least attempt to land him in the hospital that he let Rebekah go find his namesake for back-up. He knew that she wasn’t made of glass and she had become tough as nails as a hunter in the past year of hunting with them. In assuming that she would stay with him, and not go as his namesakes’ backup convincing Rufus otherwise, he didn’t have time to stop her. He would have gone after her if he weren’t Ellen’s back-up in the house.
Dean sat down. “What’s wrong?” He asked, concerned.
Had she been manipulated by someone else for this, or was Ruby the genius she proved herself out to be? Sam was ashamed of himself, he let Lucifer out in the world, but wasn’t Heaven in on this, too?
(See the end of the chapter for
The coffee maker was loudly brewing, so alongside the employees moving around on the dirty white and pink stripped floor, an older-aged man sitting at the green painted bar with pink edges flipped the pages of a newspaper in his hands. The yawns were inevitable as well from a waitress refilling the older man’s coffee from behind the bar.
“A better question would be
5 “We’ll be okay, Rebekah.”
He looked undecided. “Yeah, for further evidence if we have to prove our identities, if they’ll even believe it.” He said. “You can’t order me around like you normally do since they’ll think you’re younger.” Sam scoffed as he rolled his eyes. “Age has nothing to do with authority.” He said distastefully. “You know I’m the one who raised you, right? You can’t revoke my right to keep you safe.”
He asked D irritably. “
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow your roll. This is not a demon thing.” Dean tried to reason with Austin. “I know it’s crazy, but they’re telling the truth! That’s War,
“Yes, it is.” The older Winchester said as they all sat down. “You mind just, uh, running us through what happened?”
I should eventually be able to write the German conversation parts on my own instead of relying on Google translate.
“Rebekah, you know almost getting murdered should be something you take seriously.” Their older brother said seriously with a deep frown on his face. “It makes sense you probably don’t want to think about it, but—”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“As good you look in linen and silk sweaters, I suggest buying cotton sweaters next time.” Samuel complimented, yet critiqued her pleasantly. “Don’t you have cashmere sweaters? I remember buying you one a few months ago.”
The pastor blinked several times.
Sorry it took so long to update, I’ve had on and off again writers block for months. I’ve been working on fixing any grammatical errors, personalizing this fic with quotes during the beginning and at the end of a chapter, etc.
“Goodnight, Cas!”
This was happening all over again the future, he recalled in his mind, only except it being him and Sam, it was D and Samuel instead. Whatever happened for the angels to have to re-set and start over again with a couple of kids born in the future twenty-three years from now.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“How do we explain why Rebekah doesn’t seem like she's had enough training?” Dean asked, then looking over at her. “No offense. You’ve gotten better over the past year.”
“No, I only one killed of them. My namesake the killed the other one.” He answered, glancing over at Sam, as if to ask him to justify his actions. “I killed Reggie to provoke Tim into being distracted enough to drop the beaker of…blood, and my namesake killed Tim when he had me against the wall.”
Sam’s attention, and by default, Samuel’s were on the
Saturday crossword?”
More importantly, maybe he didn’t have to be his own worst enemy after all.
Samuel scoffed and glared at his brother harshly. “Why do you automatically assume that? I’m not out to frame either of you in an unpleasant light!” He said harshly. “Why do you insist that I’m making you look bad while you’re actively making me
I updated the timeline, and yeah, I forgot to add the CM spoilers for 5x9 at the end.
“That cherry Mustang parked on Main.” He said, glancing over at two of the time-travelers as Ellen nodded. “You can’t think that a car—” The pastor began to question, but Dean interrupted him.
D saw the proud big brother moment mixed with a satisfied ego fade, knowing that this distraction would get him back on the topic.
“Well ain’t that delightful.”
Original authors note:
He thought, hiding a smirk. “The bar’s closed, asshole.” He said, flipping the phone back to its primitive state and putting it in his jeans pocket, looking directly at a pissed off Tim.
The younger Winchester couldn’t hold his question off about what War had suggested to him and older brother any longer and asked the boy about it. Samuel immediately tensed and hesitated, before giving another shocking admission.
The young man, despite being caught off guard, grabbed his other hand to block the punch, grabbed his elbow, and his leg back Tim’s knee, thus pulling the older man down. “You’re ruining my shirt!” He complained, fixing the black and gray stripped collar, “it’s
“You’re damn right it is.” Rufus said, then punching Dean in the face, and approaching Rebekah to grab his gun. She aimed her own gun right back at him as Dean tackled him. “The Horseman!” He tried to reason with the man again.
He said in a serious tone. “
“I can’t, Bobby, I’m sitting this one out.”
it’s safe for two trips there?” He questioned with worry laced in his normally stoic voice. “Is there any time to wait?”
The futuristic hunter hoped his namesake didn’t think badly of him.
Suddenly, a spark went off at the gas station they walked past, and the silver minivan parked not far from it with a large hole in the windshield. It had blood on the ground next to it, and the driver’s door of the car was open. They noticed a baby stroller next to it before moving on. Nobody said anything in the awkward tension and the Wolff siblings were looking around for their brother, visibly worried.
I’m very dissatisfied with the results of the first Progenitor King and my plan to introduce Sam and Dean into the story would’ve been way too late. I’m rewriting this to introduce them way earlier, as in the first chapter. I’ll do better not to have so many grammatical errors and this story will focus more on the boys than their successors, who are just lending a helping hand to guide them along.
She nodded. “Yes, I will. You three just stay safe and come back alive, or your opa will raise hell.” She answered.
Sam yelled in anguish, getting the attention of Rebekah and their namesakes. “
“Lindsay, I can’t.” He insisted.
“Exorcisamus te, omnis immundus—” He began an exorcism.
At a table at the brothel, Dean drank while present Cas was noticeably terrified. The hunter wanted to see his friend relax, and if this would be their last night out (God, he hoped not!), he wanted Cas to enjoy himself here.
18 “What do you to plan to do about rapture?”
“As for our fake last name, how about
Danny stood up from his seat and stretched. “Where are we sleeping, Oma?” He asked.
Also, while on the topic of inspirations, I’ve been binge-watching Criminal Minds and that has helped with coming up with new ideas for this story. I decided to shake things up and change the POVs up a bit, so which POV order do you guys prefer most?
“Yes.” He confirmed.
He said modestly.
another way you can do it.” He answered more optimistically than the boy thought he deserved in a quiet tone. “You don’t need to spy on anybody, and you don’t need to hover around anybody to keep them safe.”
“Arid.” Present Cas answered, setting the jar on the table.
“Whoa. Okay. That’s a sweet little knife.” The Horseman taunted them, glancing over at the younger kid in the back with amusement. “But come on. You can’t kill war, kiddos. By the way, ask Samuel back there about his blood, you’ll find his answer interesting.”
Yellow sulfur was found in the remains of their house in Frankfurt, where rumors of the incident would eventually arrive in America, courtesy of German-born hunters investigating strange demon sighting there. Naturally, American hunters became suspicious and paranoid of another Apocalypse eventually emerging. Klaus discovered both the twins were fed demon blood a few years later after Dean’s namesake and Danny were born to his American-born wife in Berlin, Germany. He remarried a woman, a tourist visiting distant family in Frankfurt, named Hanna Brantley.
“Yeah, Dean and I are in a stalemate whether or not I’m mentally competent.” Samuel answered in a scoff, rolling his eyes toward his rather frustrated younger brother. “I told him to go back to the motel and not worry so goddamn much about me. Do I look like I’m mentally unstable here?”
“Hm. Where’d you serve?”
Sam looked dejected with his rather innocent guilt-inducing blue eyes. “Do I have to use my middle name? I hate being called Henry!” He complained childishly with a groan. “I want something that at least sounds like my first name.”
different, Sammy, and I have another idea you’ll hate.”
He turned his attention back to Framingham. “What happened next?”
“Hey, Emma. Let me guess, your grandparents found your supply?”
, Ruby? You know I need it…and I haven’t seen you in a few days.”
The gentle blue paint remained on the walls, as if his mother were never taken in the first place. That colorful rug had been gone a long time, he imagined, and that beige rug in its place over the soft brown carpet complimented the innocent paint on the wall. It was if the walls were taunting him as it seemed to remind him that the peaceful times were gone, and never coming back. Sure, Danny had peaceful moments after his mother was taken, but her absence was the elephant in the room nobody wanted to address.
“So, what, God dies and makes you the boss and you decide you can do whatever you want?”
“It’s personal.”
“The kid named after you has demon blood?” He asked in disbelief, shaking his head. “Seriously, dude? Don’t you think it’s too convenient? We’ll figure out what the kid’s hiding later anyways.”
“If God is dead, why have I returned? Who brought me back?” Present Cas demanded.
She nodded as she headed back toward the living room and he couldn’t think of how to approach all of this without doubt or fear of changing the past. “I’ll use my middle name
There was a gun cock.
19 “You don’t need to be worried. We will rise and they will fall.”
Dean smiled faintly with a look of understanding. “Thank you, Sammy.” He said gratefully with relief, who said nothing in response, but shook his head. “I just want you to start taking better care of yourself and hopefully you and Rebekah can go back to your normal lives as soon as this nightmare is over.”
the future! It doesn’t get crazier than that.”
That .44 Bulldog was never used to kill a person before, and the silver bullets loaded in it were used only on monsters, or sometimes he needed to load it up with witch killing bullets. It felt almost unnatural to kill person, but it was exciting and different, too. His father gave it to him with the intention to kill monsters,
supposed to comforting?
—meant. “I mean, why would the demons keep a gun around that, uh, kills demons?”
“I just thought I’d sit here quietly.”
He’d never been so angry with Sam and Emma before, and had a few more choice words than he normally would with his semi-identical twins. A week late apology and an explanation of how worried they made him didn’t take away the stinging of being told that they ruined his chance of getting their stepmother back.
Present Cas stared at Dean with confusion as he went around the angel and tended back to his knife. “Give me one good reason why I should do this.” He said. “You from the future never said if we found anything, or if this was even that important.”
The time-traveler could have sworn that he felt the fear radiating off his namesake, or maybe it was his fear instead.
There were a few moments of silence that the hero Sam seemed angry when Samuel explained how father taught him and Emma, and he wondered why Dean and Danny had been angry as well about that, and even Rebekah when she found out. They were denial of his evil and of what he could do if he forsaken his namesake’s example.
“I know you are, Sam.”
Present Cas turned to Dean. “Saint Pete’s.” He said, now they had a lead.
Dean was dampening a wash cloth in the motel sink and started to clean up his bloody jacket and had become startled when he noticed present Cas behind him in the mirror.
“Hey.” He replied.
Updated authors note (2\23\20): I finally fixed a few errors and added two fitting quotes.
“He told us to go get help instead.” Rebekah finished, full of remorse.
“Yeah, I’ll show you guys.” Rebekah answered as she began to lead the way there. “What are your names?”
“We’re tired. We just want it to be over.” The archangel said with weariness in his voice, tired of life as it seemed to be going for the angels. “We just want...paradise.”
unbelievable when they called their grandparents’ home to let them know of their arrival.
Danny felt weird waking up in his childhood bedroom, although he didn’t remember it much, given that he never visited his grandparents’ home after his mother was taken. He had scrambled memories of a colorful rug on the floor and chunks of memory involving him playing on the colorful rug with Sam and Dean before she was taken as he slipped on a white Avenger
“Ugh.” Rebekah groaned in discomfort, accidentally moving her shoulder, and felt a nick on her word. “Son of a bitch.” She muttered profanely, feeling the effects of the intensified painkillers working.
seemed more believable to other people.
“We had to, Sam.” The other young man at the table said with a solemn pitch in his soft German accent. He was the second tallest out of the four at the table with soft black hair, brown eyes, and fair skin dressed in a buttoned-up blue and white flannel shirt and loose blue jeans with a silver cross necklace over top. “Emma and Danny said they’ll call Oma and Opa when they get here. Castiel should be here soon.” He looked about two or three, or maybe four years older, than the taller man.
Him and Rebekah were silent, uncomfortable.
She rolled her eyes. “I prefer the term martyr, Danny.” She argued back.
“Okay, here’s the plan. We’re the past the bridge and demons are gonna cut that access off, and if I recall correctly, the heroes Sam and Dean hike around to enter.” Sam explained impartially, significantly calmer, and glanced over at the seraph. “If things have gone as the stories say so far, Bobby Singer’s paralyzed in the hospital and the past Castiel’s looking for God right now. Is that accurate?”
Colt?”
He shook his head in disbelief as he snorted, not speaking a word.
“I’m fine, really, Sam.” She said in a peeved tone, looking up at her sibling keeping her steady. “It’s just a flesh wound, I swear! We need to meet up with Dean and see if anyone else is here.”
Ellen looked at the older boy. “Why didn’t you say something earlier?” She asked. “Could’ve made everything a lot less complicated, kid. What do you know about this?”
When Rebekah joined the family business a year prior to this, her boyfriend-turned-husband had told her of all the stories he knew of. This event, regarding the hunters Ellen Harvelle and her daughter, Jo, would die if they didn’t arrive in time, assuming that they had their timelines right. Now, the three futuristic hunters and angel were in the designated town of the demon attack. Castiel timed it out for them to arrive a few minutes
War looked up at them. “They did this!”
“We all on the same page?” Ellen asked as Rebekah walked over to his side.
“Hey Bobby. How you doing?”
He answered, mindful of her limited German. “
“Yeah. I’m gonna ask you one last time. The truth.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------
Dean spoke up. “Well, there’s six of
The chapter is inspired by “True Friends” from Bring Me the Horizon and “Blasphemous Rumours” by Depeche Mode. I’ve been really excited to get to this point in the story and I think you guys will see why soon.
“Surely you remember Zachariah giving you stomach cancer? Do you know what he could do to them?” The archangel asked, and the older Winchester turned around and removed the beer from his mouth.
As for the original statement:
.” Tim threatened, then glanced back at Lindsay and back at Samuel and his namesake. “Or you don’t want to know what’ll happen. The kid knows, doesn’t he?”
25 “Of course, not Michael. Although this time-line’s version of him will disagree, but Michael can’t be harmed, even if I wanted to harm him.”
“No, but I do believe he’s made mistakes.” Angelika admitted feeling a heavy sweep of dread come over her, based on Emma’s petrified reaction. “I know he’s done things he wishes he would never have done, and there’s things he wants to make up for, right?”
This fic is still a work in progress, so before moving on, I'm going to fix the earlier chapters up a bit. I had no idea what I was wanting to do with this story when I first began it, which the inconsistencies may show. I'm still currently working on chapter ten and know what I plan on doing for further chapters. I had to take quite a bit of time off this story to figure out how I want this fic to go, and now, I DO know what I'll be doing for this.
Sorry for the wait, everyone!
“Why not?” The hunter asked.
I hope that one POV per chapter format will make this easier to read. I may or may not change chapter titles, add more dialogue, exposition, or give more insight into my OC’s lives before the events of this story took place.
“Who broke the first seal?”
“While you go get guns
Cas did tell them the names of the hunters and Sam remembered one of the names.
Explaining of this had been a pain for Dean and presumably for the two time-travelers as well, given their tired facial expressions. “So now you’re saying that there are no demons and War is a guy.” Austin commented.
Everything was going as planned, although Samuel thought it was a waste of time to pray to future Castiel about saving Steve’s life. Although they probably knew it was a long shot and it wouldn’t work, but either way, he had been planning the torture that he’d exact on Tim and Reggie a few days prior to this. The hero Sam was waiting, hidden in the kitchen, and waiting for his cue. Dean and Rebekah were waiting outside for when Reggie would try to grab Lindsay, he was waiting by the entrance and waited at the table trying to figure out how to send a text to two people at once on his new outdated flip phone.
Dean and present Cas entered a house to hopefully summon Raphael this time. It didn’t go as planned at the hospital and he hoped that
“I’ll be fine, Sam, I know how to hunt.” Rebekah said worriedly in her Californian accent, twirling her curly brown locks out of nervousness. “We still have to decide on our aliases and what my cover is. I assume you’ll tell them the truth about being brothers.”
It had been tense for past few days trying to locate Sam and the kid, and though Dean had a feeling he was right about what the boy wanted to tell his brother, it didn’t diminish his anger. Why did the kid want to hide it from him in the first place? He was so goddamn sick of secrets, and he hoped the boy didn’t have any more he was planning to keep from them.
He glared at his sister for a moment. “How do we protect ourselves then?” He asked.
. He had an inkling that either Samuel was possessed by Lucifer, or the kid was keeping more secrets. Either way, when Cas would answer of his prayers, he could probably tell if Lucifer was using the boy as his meatsuit.
“Yes.”
“Okay, so, you can pop in tomorrow morning.”
“I’m getting a beer,” she muttered, heading toward the kitchen in her anger.
“Okay, so we trap Raphael with a nice vinaigrette?”
She looked at herself in the over-door full length mirror and stared at herself with disgust, feeling like a demon and vampire hybrid.
This is technically just an authors note, but I'd like to apologize anybody who has been reading\following this fic and invite them to check the new version out. If full chapter authors notes aren't allowed on even multiple chapter stories, then I'll take this down, write a sneak peak and put this authors note at the beginning of that instead. I'm socially awkward and most people I interact with (on and offline) probably notice that, alongside my habit of apologizing too much. Thus, here I am, apologizing for apologizing too much, and I know that probably is annoying, but I mean that sincerely. I'm working on that bad habit as well.
Lucifer. Part of the older Winchester was somewhat skeptical that the time-travelers weren’t who they said they were, and both Cas’s confirmed that they were telling the truth. Oh, God, it pained to him to see how worn out and tired future Cas was, and he would be too if he learned that the Apocalypse plan was rebooted.
, a news channel when she came in, and broke the salt line upon wincing before passing it, and fixed it with the canister on the sidewall table beside the door. “Did you see anything?” He said, setting the beer back on the sidewall table as she slipped her shoes off on the mat, and sat down across from him on the sofa. “When I was about to get us both an
“Yes. And whatever we want, we get.” Raphael menacingly and the windows burst in when a lightning struck down. Rain and heavy wind blow in the abandoned building.
Seriously, was it habit of Samuel’s to put himself in dangerous positions like this? Looking back, the boy put himself in the forefront of danger back in Colorado too, like he intentionally would get hurt instead of someone else.
26 “Just go back to the motel and focus on what's happening right now.”
It was surprisingly easy to forget that the boy and Rebekah were a married couple, given neither of them wore wedding bands, nor acted like one would expect a married couple world. They were more like siblings, so it made sense that they posed as siblings in public. Either way, they had to wait for future Cas to come back and inform them of what Dean would do. Reluctantly, the couple next door had to put off smoking their joints until they received word from Cas, and they met in Sam’s hotel room next to theirs.
“Do we have any chance of surviving this?”
, right?”
23 “He doesn’t care about us, or our namesakes, whose lives are in more danger than ours are right now! If anything, he should take accountability for the dicks he put in charge and end them himself.”
“Are you guys friends?” She asked, then glancing over at the boy, who realized his mistake. “You said ‘hmm?’ when he said Samuel, is that your name? Is your name even Henry?”
If Dean weren’t already convinced that the three time-travelers were who the said they were, he would be now. Ellen seemed to be on board with the idea now, at least. How else would they know that, unless one of them had visions?
“Cause you made them see demons!”
shooting instead!”
Dean sighed, glancing at the kid supposedly named after him.
She rolled her eyes. “God forbid you get bored.” She quipped dryly.
Samuel shook his head. “You’re here about the demon crisis m—
Dean shot his brother a frustrated look, getting and heading toward the refrigerator. “So, you’re his vessel, huh? Lucifer’s wearing you to the prom, or he’ll get Samuel as a plan C?” He said, masking his emotions with nonchalance, as he got a beer out of the refrigerator. “At least you don’t get a field trip into post-Apocalypse 2014 with Zachariah.”
“Guys, it’s just flesh wound.” She said matter-of-fact tone, though clearly in pain.
“No, man, you’re the first people we’ve seen here.” Dean answered, aware of their surroundings. “There’s gotta be a place without any freakin’ demons! We’ll take care of the rest.”
But Dean’s got a few tricks up his sleeve.
He pats one of the real-life roses growing out of the arms of her dress and smiles at her.
The crowd shifted. A boy, scrawny and scraggly with girly brown hair, worked his way past the people up front. He looked so small. So, so fucking small. The screen switched from the paper to his face, solemn and surprised in a way that no fourteen-year-old should ever have looked. Especially not Sam. Especially not Sammy. Dean was supposed to keep him safe. He was supposed to…
“Exactly twenty-five Games ago, we added an extra element,” Metatron continues, his grubby little face overpowering the screen yet again. “Well,
fucking not Cas. This is his last hoorah, and anybody who even pretends to know him should know that.
Bobby pursed his lips, probably gearing up to tell Dean to cut the bullshit, but Bela cut him to it. In the reflection of the glass bottles, Dean could tell that what he’d taken for irritation was straight up desperation. She almost looked unhinged.
Another look around the garden confirms what he already knew—Gabe’s in the wind. A few yards away, Bobby weaves through a group of cat-faced bitches, Crowley’s tailcoats in his sights.
Tonight didn’t seem like it would be the scene of a repeat performance, at least. Of the two dozen or so guests Cas had gotten a good look at, only two of them seemed belligerent, much less violent, and he assumed that had more to do with drunkenness and a lost game of darts than any supernatural activity. Granted, his sense for the paranormal had lessened since The Fall, but he could still recognize the presence of something out of place.
20 “These violent delights have violent ends.”
“We’ll look for your brother.” Sam added. “Was he anywhere near here?”
“Emma,” her grandmother said gravely in concern as Danny shut his bedroom door whilst she was about to close her, and turned around, “
“I trust you finished your planning. We need to leave now.” He said urgently in his gravelly voice, alerting the three futuristic Winchesters of his presence. “Are you ready?”
The biggest problems in the past had been things like taking big risks on hunts that ended one of them up being arrested or ending up in the hospital, amongst other occasional crimes. Like the time when Danny was arrested for crashing that wedding in North Carolina a few years ago, or that DUI he was charged with in Texas last year. He walked into the dining room and sat down in the chair beside his older sister, who had a black and red stripped long-sleeved shirt under a black jumper on with black opaque tights to match with her black trench coat in hand.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“How’s your salad?” The younger Winchester asked instead of answering her question.
“What’s the angel’s name?” His older brother’s namesake asked.
Sam paused, not expecting the boy to have such an emotional reaction.
Hope you all enjoyed this!
Tonight, the younger Winchester was at the bar next to the bartender while Lindsay threw darts. Thankfully, Samuel was minding his own business reading one of his law books on his break, and not in too bad of a mood tonight.
Apparently, the kid was being by the full form of his first name now.
Sam remembered that as he fought against her less forcefully than he wanted to, as they were about to approach him, despite back-up coming to capture them, too. He wished they would just go and get help already, and he knew that he would be fine.
Sam was silent and pensive as his older brother held up War’s ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” she answered with confusion on her face, “it’s like nothing’s changed here.”
“Ambien? Seriously?” Sam asked in disbelief, hoping they actually weren’t serious about drugging their brother, and if they were, it was messed up that they would attempt that. “Is there a motel nearby, Rebekah?”
“I gotta go. I’m so sorry.”
Authors note:
The youngest Winchester tried not to think about the bits and pieces of the childhood he could remember
It was later that evening that Dean received a call from an unfamiliar number, and relief flooded over him when he heard the voice he’d been waiting to hear from. It was his brother, who he was worried would never call after their last meeting.
“You are. Bobby told me where you were.” Present Cas said, glancing around the motel room, with only one bed. “No, I haven’t found him. That’s why I’m here. I need your help.”
“Dean, it does not have to be like this. We can fight it.” Sam begged him.
“I need your help because you are the only one from the present who’ll help me.” Present Cas insisted and who was the hunter to resist such an attractive—no, such a desperate friend. “
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who ran off and disappeared.” The archangel lamented. “Who left no instructions and a world to run.”
Right as she turned toward the parking lot, where a large and old neon sign stuck out. It had faded and peeling green and pink paint with flickering yellow lights all along the sign stating, “Betsy’s Diner,” and the diner was visibly on the right side. Within walking distance from it was the truck stop with the expected trucks parked on the left side beside a small Gas N Slip, and aside from truck drivers, it looked old and barren.
Meanwhile in Garber, OK, Sam learns something new about the time-traveler named after him who seems to have more complex emotions than he realizes whilst waiting for Tim and Reggie’s attack, whose friend’s death they couldn’t help preventing. Dean and present Cas have summoned Raphael and find out what they can about where God is.
The kid shuffled; it was seriously like having a younger brother right now.
bad, we lie.”
His brother groaned. “You’re exaggerating what I said, Sammy. You know that’s not what I meant.” He answered, rightfully irritated if the conversation went how they said it seemed to. “Can you
“Guys, knock it off, already!” She said, feeling small at five feet and six inches swished between the men. “You guys don’t normally argue this much, so why start now?”
“Come again?” The deputy asked, then turning to Dean. “What did he say?”
of shit from people I worked with when I was a paralegal, I’m not about to put up with more of yours.” He argued frustratedly, ignoring his wife. “Her parents were going to let us live with them, too, and we could’ve been lawyers by now!”
mean every word he said as he wanted from them. “I’m not getting benched either.” She said stubbornly as well, sitting instead of standing up. Unlike Sam, she didn’t like attention and she didn’t like people staring at her, even if it was her being praised.
The kid shook his head again. “I’ll be fine. My siblings should bring us help soon.” He whispered, trying to sound hopeful in his weak voice, but it seemed to fail in his despondent tone. “How about yourself?”
starting to become more comfortable and social around him.
1 “None of this could be helped, Sammy. Don’t pay him any mind.”
Dean sat the table with Ellen, the older kid, and Rebekah.
Sam rolled his eyes.
“I’m gonna kill you myself.” He threatened the Horseman.
“It’s oil. It’s very special. Very rare.” His friend said, sitting down.
with apple sauce?”
Updated authors note (3\22\20):
Castiel approached them with a more urgent look on his face.
4 “Sammy, your namesake texted me about what happened.”
Samuel scowled and said nothing, glaring at Zachariah.
together and seriously, the kid didn’t seem to understand boundaries that well. The younger Winchester reminded himself to have a talk with the boy about giving him some personal space in public, and he didn’t think he’d need to talk to another
Sam had a hard time believing it, despite the young man having a point. “How do you know all of this?” He asked, yet his gratitude for the kind words remained. “You said Cas told you all of this, right?”
Simultaneously, both answered.
Could it be that God thought he deserved a second chance in freeing him of his demon blood cravings and was it a test to see if he could resist any upcoming temptation? Why hadn’t God intervened and stopped Lucifer’s rising, or even given Sam a sign not to trust Ruby? His angels surely, for the most part, thought of him as an abomination for what he couldn’t control!
?” She asked skeptically. “Angels, really? You won’t give up on avoiding explaining yourselves, will ya?”
“Why? You gonna hate me any less?” The hero Sam elaborated, expressing pain Samuel himself had been experiencing since re-releasing Lucifer in the future. “Am I gonna hate myself any less? What do you want?”
Samuel sighed in irritation. “I can persevere without a reputation,” he muttered miserably.
The time-travelers froze but didn’t say anything.
“I’ve been going to a few different bars close to here and, uh,” Samuel answered somewhat anxiously, “hustled poker and pool, and some darts, too. I alternate between bars, and, um, I know that I said I’d be making an honest living while we’re here, but I need money.”
“I know. I just...it used to be like...” He paused, thinking of how he could kill the demon, but save the person they took over. “I just wish I could save people like I used to.”
“No, it’s not that easy. I’ve been trying.” Ellen explained remorsefully. “We already made a run for it once. Those three kids tried telling us not to go, that more people would die if we did.”
Sam couldn’t believe what he’d just done, he let Ruby manipulate him into freeing Lucifer, and he hated himself for trusting her. What about all the times he drank from her possessed skin, did that make him a monster, like Dean said?
This will be only broken into two parts and the title of the chapter is inspired by “Helena” by My Chemical Romance. Some of this part and most of the next is also inspired by “Ghost of You,” also by MCR. I have more of a plan about how I want the story to come along and chapters should be coming out quicker from now on, I hope.
“Yeah, what the bastard implied is true, though it’s not like he would know about my twin.” The hunter admitted with a sigh, then hesitated once more with more tension in his tone. “When my twin, Emma, and I were six months old, the resurrected son of a bitch Azazel killed our mother and fed us both his blood to re-release Lucifer one day.”
Why couldn’t he just lie low and
Updated authors note (2\23\21): I added the two fitting quotes and fixed a typo.
He comforted her. “
Sam’s wife, not his sister. It’s easier to say that I’m their sister because he treats more like a sibling while on cases.”
Both nodded.
look for Jo and Rufus? That’s stupid.” Sam argued back as the younger Wolff brother scoffed and rolled in his eyes with a well-practiced bitch face in obvious irritation with Dean trying to tell him what to do, but remaining quiet and glancing a look back at Sam as if to ask him to come along regardless of what Dean wanted him to do. “You can’t tell any of them what do to either.”
What do you guys think of Ruby being back?
“Dean, how can you not care about yourself?” He demanded furiously. “Did Cas tell you what’s going on, or are you just giving up?”
Rebekah looked interested. “What is your middle name, Dean?” She asked.
The only Winchester daughter knew that torturing demons and drinking blood from them were to different things, and her twin unknowingly had indirectly drunk blood from Ruby a few times when a market was unavailable before he quit last year. Though she wouldn’t admit it out loud, she’d quit and get clean like her twin brother, if she saw another way to protect her family.
“Shooting star—does that count?” Austin asked him
“Donnie Finneman. Mechanic there.”
Sometimes it was so easy to hate him, and then sometimes it was even easier to
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Sam and his namesake were in the bar that night working, and Lindsay didn’t seem to notice anything out of the ordinary with either of them so far. After the first couple of days of being alone here, Samuel was
2 “What did say to his namesake? God, we are screwed now, Dean.”
“Well, yeah.” He said, noticing the younger Wolff brother trying to pass him by nonetheless, as if he didn’t even hear them or consider the danger of going out without immediate backup. “Somebody’s got to stay here and start giving them Shotgun 101.”
Samuel answered with certainty, and more concern for his brother. “
“Hold on. Hold on.” Dean said, trying to keep things from escalating.
“Samuel, listen. You’re not evil and your dad’s wrong for thinking it was and pushing it on you and your twin. My dad believed something similar, but anyways, don’t believe any of that crap.” His namesake told him quietly in a profoundly serious and concerned manner. “You’re not destined to be evil and what you do matters, no matter what he thinks. You’re a good person, and you choose to be good, right?”
“Of course. Not even our cousin Kyle, or our godfather, Steven. It happened when I was in my first year at Stanford, after getting my pre-law degree in Wichita State. My brother there with you usually hunted locally in Petoskey, Michigan, and worked part time at one of dad’s friend’s auto shop there after finishing secondary school. Sometimes he’d hunt with Dad.”
I’m very dissatisfied with the results of the first Progenitor King and my plan to introduce Sam and Dean into the story would’ve been way too late. I’m rewriting this to introduce them way earlier, as in the first chapter. I’ll do better not to have so many grammatical errors and this story will focus more on the boys than their successors, who are just lending a helping hand to guide them along.
“What about—” He interrupted her.
Dean didn’t argue, nor did he disagree. There were some things about his older brother that he couldn’t change, and this unfortunately was one of those things. “Okay, but you can’t constantly watch Rebekah on cases either.” He said. “We’ll stand out too much and you know there’s more discreet ways to keep her safe.”
The three of them coincidentally nodded at the same time.
“Hi, what’s your name?” She asked him and present Cas tried not to look at her.
6 “Yeah, he did. I have no idea how to help him.”
6 “We’d never let anything happen to you.”
Danny thought in frustration, glancing his sister looks to be more careful.
“No. The only way to avoid bloodshed is to say yes.”
I overshare too much, I know, and I should've considered putting the new link for the rebooted fic here:
“Just, just wait.”
“Well then. Sounds terrifying. It does. But, uh, hate to tell you, I’m not going anywhere with you.” Dean said, then walking over to grab a beer out of his cooler and took a swing of the beer. “You really think they’ll go with you without a fight?”
Chapter One
Dean looked undecided. “Yeah, for further evidence if we have to prove our identities, if they’ll even believe it.” He said. “You can’t order me around like you normally do since they’ll think you’re younger.”
“No, wait.” His brother’s namesake said. “I’ll go with you.”
them! The way he spoke of how he regarded family, it was laced with intensity and reverence.
The hero Sam didn’t say anything, and Samuel couldn’t sit by, and let Tim berate his namesake like this. Nobody in this time-period had seen how dangerous he could be, and what better time than now to prove it? He wasn’t a prissy law school graduate; he was a hunter first and foremost. The younger-looking hunter had to defend his namesake, even if meant having the drink the demon blood instead of him and exposing the truth he didn’t want anybody else in the past to know of.
A group of three people sat inside a small, two floor house in a pleasant German suburb in Berlin. They sat in the dining room of the home at a moderately long black table with a worn out, black railed chandelier with a dimmed light on it. One could hear a middle-aged woman in the kitchen listening to a German-spoken podcast on her phone whilst cooking a meal on the stove, not too far from the dining room. Also, one could also hear an old HD TV on in the living room, where a middle-aged man was watching football while unwinding in a comfortable recliner.
6 “Maybe I have a chance to earn his respect after all, Dad.”
“I’m sorry, man. I didn’t mean to get you involved—”
Now, what was the kid telling his brother that he couldn’t convince Sam to stay with him, instead going off God knows where to do it? Could it have been related to that short monologue defending Sam back in Colorado?
“No, we’re telling the truth! We need to find Sam and his namesake, then we’ll explain
“Yeah. I used to tell myself that it wouldn’t get this bad, and maybe Dad would return to his senses.” Emma said sadly with her voice cracking and Danny put his hand on her shoulder, glancing at the family pictures on the living room mantle, with and without Hanna, and some with Fiona on it. “We’ll be okay, Emma. We’ll get through it like we always do.” He said with the little positivity and confidence he had. “We’ll save Mom, get rid of Lucifer, and we can be a screwed-up family again.”
The title is inspired “My Own Worst Enemy” by Robert Pettersson, ft Helena Josefsson.
Emma had begun drinking demon blood and became estranged from Klaus and went off the radar for a few years when she started using her powers. A couple of years later when Samuel and Rebekah were in their second year of law school, she moved out to California, and stayed in a motel room next door to Danny’s. Sadly, she still drank demon blood and used her powers regularly, and still estranged from their father.
Jo continued to hold Sam’s head while Rufus poured salt on him.
“Oh yeah? Well then who invented the Chinese basket trick?” Dean asked mockingly.
He would know; what the boy was telling him must have been painful and difficult, and Samuel mostly kept to himself after that initial admission. Sam noticed a few quicks about the kid but didn’t mention it to the younger-looking hunter, who admitted that he was really twenty-six.
Lindsay seemed to be able to emphasize with Sam, given the look on her face.
There are hints of abuse, brief arguments of gun control, and one mention of school shootings in the characters’ dialogue in the second cut scene in this chapter.
Meanwhile Dean’s namesake recalled that after doing what Klaus told them to, that the medics took the three of them to their father and brother. Neither suffered any physical injuries, and Samuel was too shaken up to speak. Upon asking where their mother was, Klaus was silent and gently explained that he didn’t know, that she must have been taken from the fire.
“You believed crazy before.” Dean replied.
“Are you seriously blaming me for
“Why didn’t you tell me? I don’t care if it’s next week or a month from now, if you’re in danger and you know it, you tell me, Goddamnit! Did you know Samuel planned to tell you something he doesn’t want me to hear?”
his, angel wouldn’t give away information like that to a few hunters who seemed like they had knowledge of this before it happened. Where would they even get this information if they were lying? Plus, how did the younger kid know Sam wasn’t trying to release Lucifer? Seriously, how many angels would know the intimate details about this whole Apocalypse fiasco? It was more like a ‘you had to be there,’ sort of thing to understand, so how would the kid know?
Suddenly, he heard a gun go off and a bullet from behind hit Tim’s back whilst trying to break free, and the older hunter’s body feel in front of him. It was the hero Sam, his namesake saved his life, and rushed to his side.
“The ring.” Sam said, remembering an important detail.
says and let her go.” Samuel snapped angrily, ignoring the mockery in the older hunter’s voice when he spoke the younger hunter’s name.
The original chapter title was “Sins To be Tortured For,” and I realized that it seems unfitting for this chapter. Samuel’s secret he tells his namesake but tries to keep from it his namesake’s brother out of fear in the meantime.
Sam raised his eyebrow. “For
He decided to just watch some TV in the living room to pass the time.
believe me, I don’t want to see more people die for not listening to our warnings.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Wait, then what?! Risk letting him get taken by Zachariah?!”
“You don’t like how I protect my family and you likely believe it’s a complete invasion of privacy.” Samuel admitted quietly in reluctance, looking at the older-looking hunter with remorse. “That’s what my siblings say it is anyways. If I knew another way, I wouldn’t have to do it in this manner.”
Not that D had anything against marijuana; he just didn’t like the smell of it.
about that.
Injuries were going to happen, of course, and some would be visible.
“Well, he doesn’t have anything close to my imagination and strength your pet has none of.”
The older Winchester sibling snorted. “Screwed up?” She said. “You mean,
Hope these translations are correct.
When Chasity had taken him in the brothel’s back corridor, it was natural that his friend had limited exposure to humanity and interacting with people outside the Winchester brothers and the three time-travelers would inadvertently get him in trouble.
Demons killing Sam and his twin’s mother, and then kidnapping and holding his mother hostage years later, made their father paranoid about letting his four kids do about
“Sam—”
“Dean—” He began to speak and try to explain.
are you?” The young man asked angrily.
Sam knew his violent tendencies and difficulties with containing them, oftentimes requiring one of his siblings or Rebekah to hold him back. He was especially keeping them the most vulnerable people save from himself, as he was considered dangerous for more than a few good reasons. It’s not like anybody outside of the family would understand if he would ever be drunk or high enough to talk about it with somebody. It worked efficiently for Sam and had recommended his three siblings to do the same as kids, and naturally recommended it for Rebekah as well.
“We got to move. Come on.” Dean said urgently.
(trans.
She sighed after she got off the bus and decided to look up where to find the closest black market, running her hand through her shoulder length hair. Sometimes she’d hated Sam so damn much and wish he’d go on a vacation far away from her for a month or two, but then again, she’d miss him just as much.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This chapter is finally done. I hope I kept the boys and Ellen in character, so if I didn’t, I’ll improve that in the next chapter. I mostly relied on the transcript for this episode since it’s easier for me to read it instead of re-watching while writing the chapter.
“What?” Sam asked incredulously “Alone?”
—friend Bobby informed you three about.” He stated matter-of-factly, rather darkly. “I’m a hunter, too, so you’d do well to not test my patience.”
Either way, Rebekah was with Samuel there and D was helping Sam save that other hunter in hopefully enough time. Dean was finishing up a vampire hunt in Pennsylvania, while he worried about Sam in Oklahoma. Okay, and the boy was starting to grow on him a little bit, too.
They approached the cans of rock salt and both began putting as many cans as possible inside the bags. “My great-uncle was John Winchester, and I don’t know if you remember he had a younger brother…” The kid paused, like he was trying to form his words correctly. “Anyways, Uncle John’s brother had twins and one of those twins is my dad, who named me and one of my brothers after you and Dean.
who deserve to be treated like monsters, because it’s what you are!”
“Okay, we got to find War before everybody in this town kills each—” His namesake started to explain, but that was interrupted by gunshots that seemed to be aimed at the house. Everyone ducked.
Either way, Dean told Sam and Rebekah to just try to get comfortable and get a little bit of sleep in, as the narcotics were
“I’ll give you time to process everything so far. There’s more, but it’s a lot.” His namesake answered with a sigh. “There’s some things only Sammy would be able to tell you that I’m in no position to speak of. No offense intended, but I’m positive that he only wants his namesake to know and will figure out how he’ll tell you. It must be important for him if he only wants your brother know right now.”
Sam thought with a groan in his head,
Sam shook his head. “No, he’s not. How about he adopted you after, say, your parents died in an accident and you had no other relatives able to take you in after we moved to the States? It’s a more interesting cover than usual.” He suggested after a moment of thinking. “The other ones are getting boring.”
his angel was that serious. Present Cas never went into details of what they found, or what was even said, in Dean’s defense. They could’ve come up with nothing for all he knew for now.
This fic is such a disorganized mess, ugh.
“Seriously. Hell.”
Sam especially noticed this when they went to a small department store to get Samuel a burner phone, since he didn’t own a phone from the present-time. There was no way the kid could’ve had enough money after paying for his room at the motel, given that Samuel barley had enough cash for his motel room.
Sam had never been one to sit back and let someone else take attention away from him, honestly making her consider that his upbringing had something to do with his constant seeking of praise. Aside from his inflated ego whether it be by Narcissistic Personality Disorder or because of how he was raised, the pregnant woman in the room appeared nervous and a brief silence followed upon him sitting back down. Ellen didn’t argue with either of them over it, probably figuring it was hopeless.
“Exorcisamus te, exorcisamus te, omnis satanica—” He began to recite.
“Black-eyed demons are the least of our worries; they’re probably just distractions as for why they’re here. Anyways, we’re up against something far bigger.” He said, somewhat nervously, setting the room off in alert. “Have any of you heard of one of the Four Horseman, War? My siblings and I have knowledge of him, but I’m afraid it’s not sufficient enough to rely on.”
Rufus kicked Dean in the crotch, then hit him in the chest and in the face. The older hunter lunged for his dropped gun, and Dean hauled him back against the wall. Rebekah grabbed Rufus’ gun.
The door chimed and the two ducked down once more, watching the mirror.
“You guys hip to this demon thing?” The man who opened the door asked them.
“Where is He?” Present Cas demanded.
This was going to be a long night.
Sam struggles with his own self-loathing by distracting himself from it while waiting for the current disaster about to come to be prevented, and plus, he should have a talk with Samuel about what boundaries, privacy, and not drawing attention to himself. Thankfully, the time-traveler is a handful enough to keep him busy.
The kid’s remorse faded a little bit. “Yeah. Lead the way.” He said with consideration in his tone. “As soon as we both get rooms somewhere, I’ll give you as much privacy as you need, unless your safety is at risk.” This left Sam wondering why he deserved such reverence and kindness from one of his and Dean’s distant, futuristic cousins. Maybe it was true; maybe the boy did have demon blood after all, though he planned to ask tomorrow after getting some rest.
“Isn’t our family cursed anyways? Either way, wouldn’t this, or something
Dean looked over at Castiel. “Let us get our shoes on by the door and grab our duffel bags, and we’re ready to go.” He answered as stoically as usual, but with a clear gratitude for the angel in his tone.
“Alright.” Dean said, grabbing his jacket, then deciding to take Cas out for a fun night. “Let me tell you something. There are two things I know for certain. One, Bert and Ernie are gay. Two, you are not gonna die a virgin. Not on my watch. Let’s go.”
Though, he had nothing to call the boy, and he didn’t want to call him ‘kid,’ like Dean and Ellen kept referring to him as. They shared the same preferred nickname, so it would too confusing that way.
7 “I pray God can help him, if not his namesake.”
“You’re War, I know that. I’d rather not hear about how you used my country for your own entertainment!” He snapped at the Horseman, pleasantly surprising War.
Sam shook his head. “I’m not sure, Dean. War hinted at it earlier when he revealed himself to us, and it seems like he read our minds, too.” The younger Winchester said as he tensed, merely thinking about it. “I think he has demon blood, that’s what it sounds like.”
“Why?”
“He told me. Mentioned those time-travelers, too.”
“I can handle it.”
“I’ll be there immediately.”
“Kansas City.” Dean said, then leaning across the bed to grab his room key off the bedside table. “Century Hotel, room 113.”
“So, this ritual of yours, when does it got to go down?”
“Grab your brother and sister, kid.” She said. “We’re heading out.”
“Roger, hang on a second—” Ellen began to say.
(See the end of the chapter for
As for the original statement:
Sam looked down. “It’s just...at the store. Those demons were possessing teenagers.” He said. “I mean, I had to slit some kid’s throat.”
“Last time you zapped me someplace I didn’t poop for a week. We’re driving.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Are you guys okay?” Sam added, noticing the both people had guns.
Castiel had took Sam and Rebekah back in the past first, then came back for Dean. It took quite a bit of grace to take four trips, or five including the initial trip there, so the seraph had to take a break once all three of the futuristic Winchesters’ were at the intended spot. The stories that were told to Sam, Dean, and their two other siblings as children were fantastical, including the event in history they were in now. These stories of their namesakes were tragic, full of heartache, and probably had more death than any of Shakespeare’s plays.
I have done a lot of research for this story and have been hesitant to post it, for I want to make sure I wrote my German main characters accurately. If I made any mistakes with either portrayal, please let me know and I will fix it. Any constructive criticism is welcome and please let me know what you guys think. I sincerely hope that the portrayals are accurate and are not offensive in any shape or form. If there are any grammar errors, please let me know and I can fix them.
Emma and Danny sighed almost in sync.
I’ve been listening to the “Rapture Rising” and “Daddy’s Home” Bioshock songs by JT Music a lot recently, which have been motivation for this as well. The director’s cut for the music video “Hurricane,” by 30 Seconds to Mars serves as an inspiration as well.
I have had a fascination with Germany, German history, and the culture of Germany since I was fourteen, and that's why I wanted German characters and intend to write them as respectfully as possible. I'm even learning German on the Duolingo app, so if any translations from Google on the original fic were wrong, I should be better at spotting any mistakes that the Google translator might have.
“You can kill demons with
“Well, have you?”
Rebekah thought for a moment. “Don’t I need a back-story first? How would we work in how your dad had the time to have another kid. or are we using one of the usual covers?” She asked carefully. “He doesn’t seem like the type of person to do one-night-stands.”
“Am I? Do you remember the twentieth century?” The archangel argued with intensity. “Think the twenty-first is going any better? Do you think God would have let any of that happen if He were alive?”
His older brother looked away.
true.
Dean’s mind was blown, they were either lying or an angel was impersonating Cas.
The boy sighed in irritation and ran his hand through his short hair.
Sam ran his hand through his hair in his frustration. “I’m fine.” He answered with a warning look toward his brother, pushing his floppy bangs out of his face displaying his guilt-tripping blue eyes. “Drop it.”
This must’ve been their brother, older probably, at least three years older than the tall kid and Rebekah just as described earlier. What did he mean by how many demons they killed? They didn’t have Ruby’s knife, so they could’ve possessed another weapon that
Sam couldn’t hear her, being a rather bored spectator, but he figured she was trying to calm the woman and help the pastor out. He knew that normal people, including probably most hunters, should be appalled, and bothered by this display of pointless violence, but he wasn’t.
If Dean hadn’t known that angels exist, then he would have thought the young man was crazy. That knife looked just like theirs, only with the handle worn out and the edges of the blade itself a bit rusted.
“He doesn’t feel I’m safe to go on a hunt like that if there’s only two of us. We’ve both been trying to get a hold of Castiel—from our future—to ask for back-up, and nothing yet. Even Sam’s prayed and you know him enough to think I’d be joking right now about that and insists that I stay at the motel.”
German translations:
“I’m not Mafia.” He answered.
“Guys! Please stop talking about me like I’m five. I’m the same age as you, Sam,” Rebekah said with her face red, obviously embarrassed by Sam and Dean’s overly protective ways, “and I’m not some helpless damsel in distress. I can protect myself if I have to.”
“That’s just peachy.” He said sarcastically, his anger rising in his tone, turning toward the futuristic hunters. “We’ll find Sam and the kid, then I’ll make sure he doesn’t pull shit like this again! I bet they’re talking about demon blood, aren’t they?”
“What?”
He approached his namesake when they were taking a brief break, and sighed.
3 “You mean safe as in not getting murdered for my blood, Dean. War said it himself in front of my namesake, and I know he won’t think less of me for it. Your namesake will think of me as nothing less than the freak I am and the past Castiel will only think of me as an abomination I also am.”
Tw: brief recap of season 4 (mainly the addiction and victim-blaming aspect).
Emma could care less about what brand of clothing she wore, and nor did she pretend to look like she was more important than she actually was. Honestly, she thought that getting in Stanford and having a legitimate income in for eight years made him more self-absorbed, while she wasn’t vain at all. Aside from that, they didn’t have similar thoughts when it came down to morality.
By the time Danny graduated from high school, he moved out to California and stayed with Samuel, who was accepted into Stanford for law school. Neither of the two boys could afford an apartment, and Samuel couldn’t afford to live in the university’s dorms, so they lived in a motel nearby. That’s where the younger-looking boy met Rebekah, moved in with her after two years of dating, and fell in love with her close to when her life was nearly taken last year. She became a part of the family, and her own birth family had disowned her for marrying Samuel.
“You want to keep an eye on her.” He finished for her, then looked down the street, and noticed smoke rising behind the trees. “Hey,” he said, pointing up toward the smoke.
This will be written in third person, focusing on the boys’ figuring out who these mysterious hunters are. Hope the quality of this one surpasses the lackluster quality of the original.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean hung up.
“Don’t worry. Rebekah and I will keep a lookout here.” Dean reassured him as he always did, even if his disagreeable personality would sometimes get on his younger brother’s nerves. “Just stay safe, Sammy.” He smiled faintly at the supportive brother he didn’t think he deserved and headed behind his namesake, who had raised his gun, toward the Quick-Mart. Sam kept his gun close, ready to shoot if need be and the well-worn out and somewhat rusted demon killing knife in his pocket.
1 “I’m sorry, Dad. You raised me in the hero Sam’s image, and I failed you. You tried to change me for the better, but I don't know if I can ever be a good person.”
“Yeah,” Dan answered with a frustrated, yet worn-out sigh, “just keep it out of the house.”
Dean prayed desperately as he fell into the portal.
D let out a sigh under his breath with remorse on his face. “
“Look! Something’s not right! Do you see that?” Sam tried to reason with them.
“Turning us on each other.” Ellen commented.
He began to head upstairs, and Dean reached out to stop him. “No, no, no. It’s gonna go a lot faster if you stay and help, okay?” He insisted, then shooting the tall German kid an annoyed look. “Take the kid with you, too.”
“I need to buy weed.” The boy said quickly, visibly anxious. “Smoking weed calms my nerves, and it’s more expensive here, and I also ran out of DMT and shrooms.”
tell him that Samuel hovered over him whenever they were in public. Also, his brother was the only person at that town who
Dean wasn’t a fan of Samuel’s plan to use himself as bait for the two hunters seeking to harm Sam. Honestly, he never that plan coming from the kid, or that even past Cas cleared him as
“That’s fine in theory and all, but we could really use all hands-on deck here.” Tim emphasized, then glancing more suspicion on Samuel. “Not like we can bring the kid with us, even
“Dean—I know I should’ve called and told, and as far as what Samuel wanted me to know, it’s not relevant now.”
Dean was starting to get frustrated with how cryptic future Cas was about the details of exactly what went wrong in the future, other than about the rebooted Apocalypse. He tried praying to the angel’s futuristic self, and no surprise, he never answered.
, all of that stuck with him and it still hurt to this moment. His perspective wasn’t listened to and he was treated like an unhinged monster, and from what he’d seen of the boy, he suspected that the boy had been treated similarly.
“What? What? Did—I didn’t—I didn’t get that.”
Samuel and Rebekah both lay sitting up on the right bed, close to the door, back against the bed mantle whilst Sam sat on the edge on the left side of the other mattress and D sat on the edge of the right side. She lay her head on her husband’s shoulder and begun to fall asleep on him. They’d just sat down and got comfortable whilst waiting for the futuristic angel to arrive fifteen minutes ago. “Let’s see if we made the news,” D said, reaching for the remote on the bedside table, and turning it on, and the small flatscreen TV was set on a local news channel.
“The ring. The ring—that’s right.” His brother remembered. “He turned it right before he made everybody hallucinate and go hellbitch. That’s what my clone here was saying earlier.”
Right before walking inside of the Waterville Sheriff’s Department, Dean’s phone rang, and he saw that it was a call from a number he didn’t recognize and answered it.
didn’t even get a chance to even speak yet.
5 “You’re safe here, I promise. Do you still feel comfortable with taking your namesake’s place tonight?”
I’ve been waiting for a while to get this point in the story since I started writing chapter nine and it’s finally starting to kick up the pace. Plus, I’ve been wanting to find the right time to expand on Rebekah’s background.
Rebekah’s worried look sent his mind into a bigger spiral than it already was. The oldest Winchester son raised his younger siblings and took his then-girlfriend under his wing after she found about what his family did for a living. Dean sighed in concern, noticing his older brother was moping like somebody kicked his puppy, like he often did without realizing. “I asked if you’re okay.” He repeated tentatively. “You’re moping about something.”
My characters’ preexisting backgrounds, excluding the new one I created not too long ago, remain unchanged. I added some new things since it takes place more than a few years later than the previous story was set in. This is set in season 5 and I don’t own Supernatural, just my three characters. It starts at the beginning of season 5.
“Look, man, what baggage is so heavy it can’t be stowed away for be stowed away for the freaking apocalypse?” Tim said, trying to convince him to help them, noticing a glare from Samuel.
Dean was frustrated with what how life on Earth was determined by angels who thought the Apocalypse was a way to get things back to how
He was ninety-nine percent positive that Samuel was stalking them and listening to every word of his and Lindsay’s conversation right now. Sam sat at a table opening, trying to block out that image of the kid spying on them, and Lindsay broke the awkward silence.
10 “What problem would you be helping me with, if I even had one? You’re aware of how insufferable you are sometimes, right?”
I noticed the lack of clothing descriptions I gave for Emma and Danny, and at the time, I didn't have a clear idea of how they'd dress. I couldn't think of anything distinctive and I overlooked those details in this chapter, like Samuel's attire I think is distinctive, with an arrogant persona to match his style meant to make others think he's more important than he actually is.
and deciding on
I hope none of the characters were OOC in any way and I apologize for the long wait for this chapter!
“Oh yeah. You were wasted by a teenage mutant ninja angel.” Dean said, recalling what future Cas said as he walked back over to the sink and picked up his knife, and began washing it. “So, what, you think you can find this dude and he’s just gonna spill God’s address?”
Samuel thought with a smirk as he took out his revolver and shut an unsuspecting Reggie in head, horrifying and enraging Tim, who dropped the test tube of demon blood on the floor, shattering.
“Dean?”
Dean’s brows jumped up under the brim of his hat. “The hell do you know about pay-per-view strippers?”
Dean’s blood runs cold. Fuck. Yeah, they were prepared for everything his ass.
“It’s not a fairytale, Dean!” he shouted. “They exist, they’re out there!”
Castiel ticked his head to the side. “Not quite. I’m still interrogating this witness.”
Satisfied that she’s gonna stick around beside the liquor cart, Dean lets her go and wanders over to the buffet table. He smells it before he sees it, and then the combination has his mouth slobbering like a damn dog.
“For our 50
“Balls. Well, what’re you huntin’ now? Apes? Tracker-jackers?”
Sam nodded just as earnestly as he had every year for ten years when Dean asked if he still believed in the Easter Bunny. “
“Ya get your forty winks, boy?”
“Kids have died, Sam. They’ve slaughtered each other. And you were…”
Across the couch, Bobby huffs at him and leans forward to take the remote. He mercifully skips right past District 9—Dean’s face stoic and older than he’d like to see it, Emma’s desperate and terrified—and lands on District 8. A burly man in a cool looking cap and a red-haired woman with a goofy smile stand back-to-back.
This time, the man’s skin went red all the way into the collar of his shirt. A nametag to the right labeled him “Jerome”. Castiel filed that away in case they needed it later. Jerome, meanwhile, licked his lips and flexed his fingers against the glass. These, at least, were signs that Castiel recognized. Nervousness.
Well,
him, he might not have seen it, but did, and he understood. That last shake of his shoulders was nothing but abject terror. He remembered
“What were you thinking, Dean?” he snarled. “Why did you do that?”
Bobby rolled his eyes. “Looks like a blanket to me.”
“The female tribute for District 9 will be Bela Talbot.”
“Trust me, you’ll need it,” he whispers.
Beside him, Bobby seems to sag forward in relief. Dean hands him back the rum and returns to his own standby, the whiskey in the corner.
He’s not touching that. He’s not touching it because he
Castiel reached forward. “Dean, why are you—?”
