Pharaoh brushes your cheek and you can feel the breath, the breath of a living god on earth, the living star upon your own lips before he closes the distance and kisses you gently.  You heart races in your chest for a second but then you relax into the kiss.
"Stop interrupting me Cas!" Dean cried in exasperation, watching the angel fold his arms huffily, "I do believe in Jesus you know, but just differently," he looked to the nativity then back to angel, "Maybe his mom wasn't a virgin and yes his dad was a carpenter, but he was special enough for people to believe that his birth was a big event and special enough that people believed in him...and you know I thought..I thought you could relate to that...that whole believing in a human thing."
Castiel has received revelation.
With anyone else beside of me
The first snows come and you find yourself dreamily watching the snow when the first pains come.  You send Dean to go and get Sarah but you know something is wrong, the pains are coming too quickly and when they come they feel like they are ripping you apart.  You look to your legs and see that as well as the clear fluid there is also more blood than the last time.   Dean returns back with Sarah and you see instantly that they are both concerned, Dean sends for a doctor.  Samuel asks what is wrong and Dean ushers him to the kitchen and to his toys.
The confessions flow freely then, he can’t cope with knowing you are going to be married as he sucks into your skin.  He says that he loves you and that he wants to be with you, breathing a kiss on your chest.
As the night comes the pains become quicker and you enter a dreamy state, the woman from the farm tells you your body is ready to do its part.  You want to push and the woman tells you to so you obey.  You push and scream for half an hour before you feel a slither between your legs.  A scream fills the room and you burst into tears of relief.  You are informed that you have a son and as he is placed in your arms you melt.
Months later and here they were, meeting secretly in motel rooms, fucking then Dean would leave, carving another slice into Castiel’s heart.   Castiel had spent millennia without knowing anyone, but within months of kissing Dean he was lost utterly.
“It was never that!” Castiel bit back stung, physically reeling from Dean’s words, his heart felt wounded, “I was protecting you!”
They will not wish to join it, they will try and rebel and they will run and try to escape.
You want to keep her safe at all costs and hate that you are confining her so as it won’t be good  for her.  But then you panic when she gets rosy cheeks or cough, you feel her forehead uttering a small prayer to keep her safe from all threats.
And it's so calm, which surprised Dean that although the angel is full of guilt, the centre of Castiel's grace is love. An emotion so new and pure to the angel and Dean could not get over how it felt how he felt himself soar and envelop him. It was enough to make Dean feel like he could fly, like he could do anything, that he would do anything.
You stand there astounded at his quick questions, you never wanted this.  You shake your head and tell him he has done nothing wrong trying to avoid looking at him because you are so close to him.  But this does not please him, his green eyes are distraught.  HE tells you that he does not understand the change in your behaviour.  He is hurt by your coldness and he must have done something to affect you so.
You chance a look to the squad lined up with rifles awaiting their order to fire.  You look to Dean and raise your hand to him.  You regret so much now, you wish you had more time with him that you had at least kissed him one more time.  So in your final moments you hold out his hand to him.  He smiles through eyes watery and takes your hand.  You do not look at the men who will kill you.  You want his face to be the last thing that you will see.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Zachariah smiled indulgently then turned to Anna, who was sitting primly watching Alistair form beneath her coy lashes, “What are you going to do Missy?”
You look at him, he is tall and dark with pale skin with hazel eyes that look at you unflinchingly but then he speaks softly which surprises you.   Crowley tells you that he truly wants to help, telling you that you are beautiful and have bewitched him.   He never meant to offend you but he wants to help.  He admires that you fight so hard and that he wishes only to help you.  He admires your boy and wants to keep Samuel healthy and happy.
You are travelling over the sea from Messina, leaving your French town far behind you.  You are young and burning from zeal that the Pope and church has instilled in you.  That makes you righteous in the lives you are going to take.  The holy war.
It wasn’t always so easy; the court is a difficult place to live.  It is political, you can have enemies everywhere and still have to face them and give them a gracious smile and pretend they are your friend.  You are on the winning side though, you are with the Queen.  In her circle, following her and praising her beauty and you follow her because you love her and her brother.
“You ripped out your grace,” Dean whispered a tear falling down his cheek, “For me?”
But he doesn’t approach further, because sitting by his bed is a young woman who is holding his hand.  Cas smiles, at least Dean has someone with him and while his injuries are pretty bad, Cas can tell they are not life threatening.
“Hey! You get the rum or is that a over-reaction to the fact there was none?” Sam asked his eyebrows raised, “Look who has arrived.”
You wonder what your mother would think of you.  You think of Dean and you pray for guidance every night and as you give out the food rations one day you find yourself serving Dean.  You are meant to give one spoonful of the porridge but you give Dean two.  Nobody says anything and Dean looks at you with a questioning glance.  You raise an eyebrow and then look to the next person in the line.
“Let me help you,” Castiel said taking a watermelon, “What’s in there,” he nodded his head to the music, he so wanted to know because it wasn’t band music like up at the main buildings.
“Hey Kids having fun?” Chuck Novak said as he swept past with Castiel’s mother.
He shakes his head furiously and refuses to go without you, he grasps your face and stares into your eyes and begs that you come with him.  That you can be together somehow if you can get over the border into Switzerland you will be safe.  That he is sick and needs help getting there, he needs you.
Because Dean is a really good friend.   He has helped Castiel through some tough times, Castiel was geeky and awkward and Dean saw something in him, (probably the football) helped him from being a geek and introduced him into his group of friends and now is part of a gang.  He belongs.  And for an awkward teenager going through puberty is very important.
"Ok what do you need us to do?" Dean asked quickly, going straight into battle mode, his eyes alert and his jaw tensed, he wasn't going to let anything happen to Cas.
The music changed to Otis Redding, 'Love man.' The crowd went wild. Castiel grinned at Sam then continued to watch as the dancers started to chant and dance, but Castiel panicked as he saw Dean making his way to them. “Yo, Bro, what’s he doing here?” he asked turning his challenging gaze to Castiel.
Dean carries Samuel the rest of the way as the little boy chatters, you rise from your chair and look to your five month belly.  There can be no way out of this but you decide to go inside and wait for him.  You make yourself busy making some tea and making some food for Dean when you hear your son’s chatter and your husband’s laugh enter the house.  You freeze when you hear his laugh in your home once again; you close your eyes and bask in the sound.
Neither of them mention that night that they kissed but instead catch up on what they have been doing in the past few years, Castiel teases Dean and asks if he has learnt to drive properly yet.  They talk about jobs and Cas learns that Dean is coming out of the army once his seven years are up, they talk for hours by the bar, gentle brushes of fingers on fingers and hands on shoulders the only signs of any familiarity but everything is there in Dean’s green eyes, sparkling, full of emotion and burning just for Castiel.
He sleeps by the kitchen fire while you sleep in your marriage bed alone.  You hear his nightmares and long to go to him but know he would shrug you off.  You wish he would rail at you but he won’t even do that.  He shows indifference.
“Look Hester, I’m sorry I better check on Anna, I am really worried about her.”
Dean leaned closer, "It's yours, I shouldn't have kept it from you, but I didn't..." he broke off as desire choked his throat, "I didn't know if you felt the same."
“Yeah it has,” Dean stared at Castiel and the pair stopped walking to stare at each other.
I can tell you there's no place we couldn't go
You are a prisoner.  By the order of the King and you are called a traitor though you know you are innocent.  The only sin you know have committed is that of love.  You are innocent of the charges against you.  You know that you entered the Tower, the great Tower of London and you will never leave here alive.
Oh I miss you, I can’t come to terms with you not being here. Sam has Eileen. I was meant to have you. Please,
“What’s he going to do about it?” he asked Sam.
For more information- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Death
So here they were in a very cold Chicago, hunting shapeshifters who had been very creative with Santa's and elves in local department stores, but had lacked intelligence when working so close to the jewellery department.
You hate what fate has thrown at your child, you rail at God in your prayers, and you curse all the angels and saints that would have your daughter an orphan.  That you are scared for her but know that you love her too much to sacrifice her life keeping her with you.
Because of Anna getting taking an age to get ready that evening for dinner, something about making her hair just so, Castiel now found himself walking up to the big house, where dinner was served.  He couldn’t be more different to his sister if he tried, Anna had one goal in life, to get a husband, a perfect one at that and become a housewife, with a perfect home and family.  He didn’t scorn at his sister’s vanity, if that was what made her happy then who was he to judge, but it meant that they did not really get on.
"I don't know, I have one following me, he won't be long behind me, I am just so tired of running, I wasn't sure what I was thinking coming here..." he blinked, his blue eyes looking up to Deans.
Dean watched as Cas, who was currently in control as he helped Sam paint angel wings around Jimmy's body, in an abandoned warehouse, they are hoping that Cas, although in Dean's body, the demons can still track the traces of the angel's grace.
You try and listen to Meg but she always seems tired of you half listening to her conversation.  With this new found wealth, she wants another child but you cannot give her a child not now, not when Pharaoh demands you.
They break off for air and Castiel looks into those green eyes as Dean breathes on his lips, “Stop running away from me Cas, you have been afraid for years, stop running,”
“Yeah, but I dunno, nothing, could be busy time for angels.” Dean replied gruffly, inwardly sending another prayer to the angel.  He had been praying for days, even before they had decided to do Christmas.  Dean just longed to see him so much it had been weeks since they had split at the day care centre with Mr Jones.
It was surprisingly easy to cast a spell, sigils on walls, hex bags on necks to keep them hidden from prying eyes while they kissed and stroked each other in alleys, went down on each other in toilets in service stations. Dean hadn't thought about guilt when he took Castiel's virginity in a motel room at the time, all he felt about was the raw need within him, to feel that fire in his gut melt the pair together.
My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight
But there is a storm cloud brewing in Dean and that is when he sees you with others, you have experienced petty fights between the gladiators and which whore and when but you have never experienced jealousy and you are now feel sick when you have to fuck the other gladiators.
It is on this day when the Cornish coast fades into memory that you notice the figure beside that is also watching the coastline.  It is one of the passengers that got on at Plymouth, the last port with his younger brother.  You wish you had someone travelling with you but you are alone, you are going to meet with your father’s old friend who has offered you work and also his daughter who you have promised to take as a wife when you arrive.
They send a priest to hear your last confession, though you do not confess Dean, to you he could never be a sin.  You dress in the same court clothes that you were wearing when you were arrested.  Blue eyes ringed with shadows are reflected in the pail of water that has been provided for you to wash yourself.  Then the guards arrive and your hour of death approaches.
For if anyone discovered you, it would mean your death.   But the whole visit of the court of France was a party; everyone was sneaking around and ending up in the wrong beds.  By the end of the visit that meant Dean and the King of England himself.
I really hope you enjoyed the story....ok *goes to hide*
You cannot get enough of each other and even if you are caught he is the Queen’s brother, he will find a way out for you both.  You truly believe that.  But living this recklessly, living on this knifes edge means that you can easily slip and end up with the knife in your back.
It is not like kissing Meg; it is like fire and ice all at once.  It is beautiful and makes you want more and yet at the same time it makes you feel frightened and before you can think at all it is over.
Dean turned to Cas a smirk on his face. “Bend your knees,” he instructed pushing on Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel obliged bending his knees, then watched Dean do the same then start rolling his hips backwards and forwards and Castiel tried not to stare but found himself mimicking, albeit rather awkwardly, rolled his hips like Dean's.
"I know," Cas sighs, "So end it then,"
It is an early spring night when they discover to close the gates of Hell you must also close the gates of Heaven at the same time.  Kevin has read both tablets countless times and both angel and demon tablets state the same thing, God has chosen Sam to close the gates of Hell and Dean to close the gates of heaven.   They should be buoyant closing the gates of hell means all demons sent back to Hell, however it also means all angels would be sent back to heaven forever.
You were right here all along
But what they were doing was not love, despite his new grip on emotions, he knew what they were doing was more like lust than love.  Castiel did not deserve love.
“Merry Christmas Sammy,” Dean smiled
He sighed and looked down at his feet, “I miss you man, I really do and I just wanted to see you at Christmas, well because…Christmas you are meant to be with the people who mean most to you…you know…the people…you..”
His turns around tears drip down his face as he asks you why you could not stay true.  He demands again to know who the father of the bastard in your belly is.  You wrap your arms protectively about your belly.  You let him rail angrily against you as he screams that you are a whore, you try to take a step towards him but quick as a flash his hand shoots out.  You should have expected this but nothing prepares you for the sting of his hand upon your cheek.  You feel your neck snap back and your cheek burn and the force knocks you to the floor.
You need the money otherwise you and Samuel would not survive but you feel the shame eat upside the last part of you that had not been scarred by this war.  You feel as if you are frozen by this war, by Dean leaving you, it has frozen your heart.
I'm a love man oooh baby I'm a love man...
Castiel is twenty four years old.  He is still in the same job and it’s starting to grate a bit, as he still has not progressed as far as he wanted to.  He has grown up in the job and is starting to feel like he has outgrown it.  But every job he gets interviewed for  he doesn’t get because he hasn’t got enough experience but how exactly he is meant to get the experience if they won’t give him a chance he doesn’t know so instead he gets moody and depressed.
You find you are dancing around each other more in the house, he catches you stealing looks and you find you are blushing when he does.  You are still as besotted and you find that he no longer stares through you when you speak to each other.  In the evenings he sits silently watching you as you read to Samuel before bed.  As Samuel’s head lolls, Dean smiles and tucks him into his arms and carries him sleepily to bed.  He then returns to help you out of the chair; you smile softly and thank him.  You go to your bedroom door and bid him goodnight and see that he is watching you.
He flips Cas’s pack open and rifles through his things. Cas always confused him, the way he dealt with his things. It felt like he was always so careful with Dean; Dean could practically picture Cas folding him up and putting him away like a little grandma who liked to keep her tea towels tidy. But his pack was something different— clothes balled up and stuffed in, a shaving kit so haphazardly packed as to be dangerous, pencils and actual, literal rocks rolling loose in the bottom. His books and ink were the only things packed with care in the outside pocket, and even there Dean finds a folder full of loose drawings, barely held together with a ragged shoestring so that half of them are falling out. It seems to be the not-Dean folder: bees and bugs and cowboys and cattle. Dean doesn’t linger on them; the books he leaves, too, after leafing through them to find walls of small black words he didn’t know describing concepts beyond his understanding like religion and photography. He finds the pack of cigarettes wrapped in a ball of socks in the bottom of the bag, and fiddles just with the cardboard, sliding the lid open and shut.
Dean’s whole body tingles at the question. He answers honestly. “Yes.”
“I know. Did I— what did I do wrong?”
Dean looks over.
“But— but Jo, why did she—?”
Dean swallows and wipes his mouth on his sleeve. He gets up to find himself level with Cas’s panting face, and despite himself
“I’ve always shaved,” says Cas.
“But for Easter. Yeah, yeah, I get it. But it isn’t Easter.”
“I reckon you been doing real good. So does Cas.” Bal’s eyes finally flick up to meet Dean’s, his expression suddenly vulnerable, and Dean realizes it’s time to pay Bal back that favor. “Cas likes to complain,” Dean admits, “and he don’t understand, how— Bal, the first thing he ever told me about you was what a good brother you are, and how grateful he was to you for standing by him, and coming out here with him.”
“You’re a good man, Dean,” says Bobby. “You ain’t him.”
Cas says it angry, breath hitting hot and heavy on Dean’s skin.
“Fuck it,” he says finally. “Stop.”
CHUCK
“You are the sunlight in my growing, so little warmth I've felt befo-ho-ore. It isn't hard to feel me glowing. I watched the fire that grew so low-oo.” Dean holds the note beautifully, turning it up high, higher than Cas has ever heard his voice before, a rough vibrato underneath it, then he lets it go, gently, into the air.
“No.” He scrounges around some more and finds Dean’s first prize Dallas regional belt buckle. “This is for winning?” he asks.
daddy, I’d throw him a parade,” says Meg unnecessarily.
“Why’s that?”
“It’s real.”
“What do you want me to talk about?”
“You wanted me to fuck you?”
Cas’s voice is insanely deep and gritty with sleep. “Coffee?”
And Dean’s transported back six months, to his first time ever meeting this man, and have they really just been having the same conversation over and over for so long?
Dean is STUNNED speechless. Guilt overwhelms him. Jack holds out his arms for a hug. Dean shakes his head.
“Want you to fuck me with it.”
“Alright.”
“Either she was genuinely trying to seduce me, or she was testing me, too. I’m not entirely sure which.”
If you read this you get a medal.
“Yes.”
Cas opens his eyes. “This is not actually relaxing.”
One hand finds Cas’s neck and the other finds his waist as Cas lowers himself on top of Dean now, caging him there, so they can kiss forever. He mimics Dean’s motions, nodding against Dean’s mouth and sucking his lips and Dean actually groans, which makes Cas stop and gasp in— in what? Arousal? Awe? Genuine surprise? It doesn’t matter anymore. Nothing matters anymore. Dean is still kissing him. Dean is still touching him. Cas sighs in disbelief, or maybe relief. There are too many feelings in the universe. He can’t be expected to dissect them all now.
“Yeah, but I think maybe someone else can go on the next one, but north this time, the south is getting too dangerous.” Dean took in the garish blue frames. They actually made Cas’ blue eyes stand out. So maybe they weren’t that bad.
“Well, let’s see if can figure out how far along you are, alright?”
“Oh? And her name was Honor? Seems very “Puritan,” Dean chuckled.
“No, it doesn’t sound lame.  You told me we’d be equal.  That’s still true?  Will I be forced to submit at all?”  Cas asked.
“Yeah, I have Charlie hiring more people on to do the inspections, and I’m working from home.  Possibly permanently.  My family needs me.  Once I’m mayor I’ll work something out so that I can either have my pups there at the office with me, or I can work right from home.  Cas wanted to go back to work and he thinks that now he can’t.  I don’t want to take away his dreams just because I want a big family.”
“Yes Dean.”
Dean glanced over at the mirrors that were behind the bar, but the words were gone.  Briefly he wondered who had removed them.
“When do you plan to tell the media?”  Sam asked.  Dean sighed and flipped the rest of the bacon before responding.
“Come on in, babe.  Sam’s decent.”
“That would be nice.  I stopped by the house.  I was assessing the damage, and I thought maybe this weekend we’d get out of town.  Alan told me about a furniture expo down in Tampa.  We can go down and find some new pieces to replace the ones that were trashed at the house, but…”  Dean reached out to take his mate’s hand.  “We could see what they have for the nursery.”  Cas smiled, and Dean was glad it was so bright and warm.  He’d had a rather dark cloud over him the last few days.
“We’re not testing them,”  Cas said firmly.
“Shh, it’s ok.  Dean has training; he took self-defense courses and has extensive gun-handling experience. No one is getting the upper hand on him.  He’ll do anything to protect us.”  Sam spoke softly, his eyes locked on the garage door where Jody and the other officer had just disappeared inside of.  Two more cops arrived, and Sam pointed towards the house.
“What do you want to watch?”
“That quickly?”  Cas gasped.
“Six months.  It’s our first, and I can’t wait.”  Alfie’s smile grew even wider.  “We’re expecting a little girl.  It’s not an Alpha either.  We’re kind of glad for that.”
“Yeah, baby.  He’s dead.”
“Cas, baby, no.”  Dean held him back, a feat that he was wondering how the hell he had just accomplished it, and it broke his heart when a sob escaped the Omega’s throat.
“No one’s stopping you, but you can’t walk it.  I told McMillan to have the nurse bring a wheelchair for you.  How about we get a robe on you?  So the entire hospital doesn’t see your bare butt?”  Sam said.
“For the record?  Fake date?  As much as I want to say it’s a wicked cool idea to make him jealous, it’s actually a really bad idea.”
“Oh geez, they’re really speculating out there.  Implying there are complications.  Do you want me to go out there and talk to them?  Looking at the cameras there’s a hoard out there.  Security can’t get rid of them,”  Charlie said as she walked back in the room.  She had a tablet in hand, and she showed it to Dean.  There were reporters out there by the dozens.  She wasn’t kidding.
“He’ll be back in a few with our food and you can talk to him then, ok?”  The smile she offered him was bittersweet and he felt awful for her being present when it happened.
“I don’t see paper shredded so I don’t think the dogs got into it.”  Gabe was looking around the floor but there were no signs of pink, shredded cardboard.
he took you as his mate?  I thought you were true mates.”  Michael looked confused at the two of them.
Dean smiled as he walked over to the counter near the stove and picked up a plate of food.  He carried it back, setting it down in front of his mate.  “Since when do I need a reason to buy you something?”
“He’s a looker.  You feel safe with him?"  she asked.  He nodded.
When they arrived Cas went with Sharon, the nanny to the cabin designated for their party.  She was to stay there with Ellie and Molly, and other nannies would be there with other pups.  Cas wanted her to keep the girls upstairs in one of the bedrooms so they wouldn’t get anyone else sick.  She was in full agreement, and they got the girls settled in their portable pack and play in a far bedroom where it would be quiet.
Dean frowned.  He knew about the Golden District.  That was where all of the pompous, asshole Alphas that thought they were above the law lived.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sam:  Hey, they caught Alistair and Ruby.
“How did you do that?”
“Interesting.  I was an only pup.  No siblings.  My mother actually was hoping I’d be an Omega, they had a sale all lined up, but ruined that by first, presenting as a Beta, and second, but announcing I am a lesbian.  I thought she was going to keel over from the shock,” she snickered.  Gabe moved to stand next to his brother, placing a hand on his shoulder and squeezing.
“So that’s a yes?”
“We’re gonna bring out the pumpkins!” Claire exclaimed. From the living room came the sound of Jack’s complaints as he finally woke up from his nap. In about two seconds he’d start wailing so Dean went to deal with him while Cas helped the girls bring the pumpkins outside. Emma struggled with her little one but she refused any help from her father. They put one pumpkin on each step: one for Dean, one for Cas, one for Claire, and one for Emma. In a few years, Jack would be adding his at the bottom of the stairs. Only Dean and Cas had carved their pumpkins since neither trusted Claire yet with a carving knife, and he added a tea light to each one. He lit them and moved to the bottom of the stairs to admire them with his daughters. They looked good. He’d carved a vampire with the kit they’d bought but Dean was an expert at carving pumpkins and had created a creepy graveyard, complete with the moon and a little black cat with its arched back. The light coming through made it definitely look scary.
“Oh!  I can do it in water again?”
“Oh!  I am curious to see what they brought us.”  Cas hurried to the butcher block island where Dean had set down several bowls of steaming food.  It had taken him three trips to get everything brought inside.
Jo snorted but nodded.  “Yeah, I have to agree with you on that one.”
“Gabe.  I don’t believe you knew that your brother was Sam’s former mate.  No one holds you to blame here,” he said softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you alright?”  Cas asked as he tentatively licked at the bite he had made, cleaning the blood around it.
“I’d like that. I guess I can’t go back to my old life. That sucks, I had some really cool stuff, but I guess starting over isn’t so bad. Maybe I can buy some stocks and they’ll explode one day and I’ll be rich. It’s probably about as likely as me getting turned into a vampire so why the hell not?”
“Thanks.”
“Really?  Where would we go?”
“Yours was one of the least damaged.  I arranged for your room to be cleaned, top to bottom and your mattress to be replaced.  My room and the nursery were the worst.  We’re replacing everything in both rooms,”  Dean replied.
“I set it up for two, that way you’ll have time to rest.  I would have set it up for the day after tomorrow, but I would rather play it safe.  He’s going to bleed a lot, and I’m worried about blood clots.  So, rest up because these little girls aren’t going to let you get a whole lot of sleep for the next few months,” she said with a soft laugh.
“This one, this is Evangeline?”  She pointed to the girl in Dean’s arms.
“Shoot, after three?”  Dean wasn’t sure of the exact time.  “Then we ate and went to sleep.”
“I-I think so.”  Cas’ legs were wobbly as he stood up.  Dean whimpered when he saw the blood that had been left behind on the seat.  It was only a little bit but it was enough to get his heart racing and make it jump into his throat.
“Karma for her behavior,” Dean chuckled. “So, can we die at all? I mean permanently.”
“You brought the topic up,”  Dean reminded him, a wicked smirk on his lips.
“Anything you want to do is fine by me,”  Cas replied as he leaned back.
“Do you want milk?”  He held up a hand and motioned like he was milking a cow.  She looked at his hand before pressing her own palm to her open mouth.
“My furniture.  Her children share beds, and I think one child sleeps on the floor.  My bed would benefit the child greatly.”  Cas explained.  Dean looked up at Sam.
Once they were downstairs, Dean paused to talk to Alan and once he had security pitching in to help with the other five pups, they stepped out on the porch.  At the far end of the open field stood four wolves.  Between them stood the familiar forms of both Mordecai and Reeva.  As they crossed the field, the elders greeted them with pleased smiles and a handshake.
“I am!”  He passed Molly to Alan who had come over and turned to Cas.  “Undo my shorts, quick!”
“Well, I know security was searching the rooms.  Louise said she wasn’t there alone.”  Suddenly Cas stiffened and his heart began to race.  “Alistair!  He was there!”
“Yes, and you screamed my name.  I vaguely remember you picking me up off the floor, and then I woke up in the hospital.”
Sam stood up and nodded, a goofy grin on his face.  “So, whenever you’re ready, I’m positive Dean will be responsive.  He’s dying to tie you, but mostly because he’s so in love with you.  Follow my advice though, and the sex will be something you’ll quickly learn to enjoy.”
Cas decides to go out.  It's his first time venturing out alone since Alistair died.  He brings Andy from their security staff since it's still not safe for Omegas and they head out for breakfast.  Cas gets an idea.  It's time to head over to The District to check in on his fellow Omegas.
“Well hello, sweetheart, how are you?”  Cas smoothed a lock of the pup’s hair out of his eyes and the little boy smiled.  He really was a beautiful child.
Alexander Christopher
“Good.”  Dean curled himself around his mate, burying his nose in the man’s neck as he drifted off again.  An hour later there was a knock at the bedroom door.  Dean got up and shuffled over to answer it.  He opened the door to find Sam standing there looking absolutely miserable.
“Of course,” he murmured against his mate’s neck as he eased slowly in.  “Am I hurting you?”
“How do you feel about that?” he asked.
Sam rolled his eyes and added lettuce and tomatoes to his sandwich.
“We’re going to get some sleep.”  Cas said as he started for the ladder to the loft.  Dean was eager to follow his mate.  Cas was still wearing nothing but those shorts and he was hoping his Omega would forego those too.
“Long story, but there’s someone threatening my claim.  We’ll get it taken care of,”  Dean replied.
“That sounds like fun, we can do that after. You can ride with me.” Dean’s smile widened.
Aidan Matthew
“What are you doing, babe?”  he asked.  Cas leaned forward, burying his nose in his mate’s neck as he purred softly.  And then Dean understood.  His mate was trying to soothe him.  He slid his hands under Cas’ shirt and pulled him closer.
“Uh, no.  It’s for me.  It looks like I’m pregnant again.”  Cas chuckled at the look of shock on his brother’s face.  Suddenly Gabe leaned over and scented him.
“Probably time to change your pad, too.”  Dean said as he helped his mate into the bathroom.  Cas stripped off the gown for the time being and let Dean dote on him as he sat down to pee.  Dean helped him change the pad, which was indeed soaked with blood, before helping his mate with putting the gown back on.  He then helped him back to bed.  Cas wasn’t leaning on him as heavily, which he took as a good sign.
Cas scooted his chair closer to his mate as he ate his food, though his eyes kept darting to the windows.  Gabe drew his attention away when he handed him a large cup and a straw.
Dean:  Hey, everything ok at the shop?
When Jo came out with their food instead of Cas, Dean panicked.
“God, those people were assholes, using religion to persecute innocents, it makes me sick.” Dean growled. He was angry hearing he was related to someone that felt it was ok to use their religion like a sword to cut down anyone that didn’t have the same level of faith as them, or that had different views entirely. Anyone that did anything they didn’t agree with was deemed a witch. He was glad he hadn’t lived during that time period.
“It’s pretty much done, I just need to finish the booties and hats.  Guess I better get moving,” his mate laughed.
“It is always so…intense?"  he gasped.  Dean grinned and leaned in to press a soft kiss to his throat.  He found himself relaxing, tilting his head more to give the man better access.
“I feel the same way. Let’s take this one day at a time, ok? First, we try to get the watch back. Second, we talk to your brother. If they do plan this...
Before Cas knew what was happening Dean reached up to run his fingers through his dark locks.
“Shut the door.  Sometimes walls have ears,” Dean said. Gabe snorted as he closed it.
“Ok, give me a minute.”  Dean called Ellen and spoke to her directly, catching her up on what was going on before placing the order.  He was chastised for not keeping her up to speed on what was going on and made to promise that he would let her know what was happening.  When he was done he excused himself to go change.
His thoughts turned to Cas’ eyes glowing golden the night before.
“I’ve never seen anything like that before.  That was crazy,”  Gabe murmured just loud enough so that only Dean heard him.
“Hey guys, Sam still in bed?” he asked.
“Are you sure you’ll be able to handle them?”  He asked worriedly.  The girls were asleep, sucking away on their pacifiers as they dreamed.
I apologize for not being around and posting stuff on time!  I have not been feeling well at all.  I have some kind of virus, but on top of that I'm not sleeping more than maybe 4 hours a night, so motivation?  Yeah, it's like asleep somewhere else, cause it's not here with me!  When I am awake, I'm sitting and staring at the walls.  When I sleep, it's plagued by nightmares that leave me feeling like I'm not getting any rest at all.  The virus has me running low grade fevers, aching, and with frequent migraines.  On top of all that I managed to tear my achilles tendon on my left foot.  Go me!
“Yes, dear.”
These are A/B/O dynamics at work here, on the most fundamental level.  Sam is a strong, independent Beta that was reduced to a frightened, dependent person after the torture his previous mate inflicted on him.  If you can imagine the worst torture possible?  From beatings to rape, to starvation, to cutting with knives, and anything else your brain could think up, that will cover the physical aspect of what Sam endured.  Then there was the psychological torture.  The determination to make Sam snap, to reduce him down to a quivering, terrified mass that Luke could control.  Now, imagine escaping that, finding yourself again through years of therapy, a supportive family, and medication, and then suddenly being confronted by your abuser.  Add in to that the fact that this is an ABO story, so SCENT plays very strongly into this as well.  What you are about to witness is Sam going into shock and completely regressing.  He is going to lose time here and not be able to tell the past from the present.  To him, he just went back to the years he spent with his abuser.  Dean knows how to handle his brother when he is in this state.  Remember, keeping anything of a sexual nature out of this, Dean is the pack leader, the strong Alpha, and for years he was Sam's Alpha, both before and after Luke.  In his regressed stated, Sam will need his Alpha.  In that state he has all but forgotten about Gabe.  This is no fault of Gabe's, but Gabe was not around when Luke was torturing Sam, so Dean will be working to bring Sam back into the present.
Charlie had gone all out for the wedding.  Sam had been quite picky, wanting things that not even Cas had wanted, like skirts on the chairs, an arch to pass through as they walked up the middle aisle to stand under the tree, and flowers.  Damn, there were flowers
“Go with Cas.  I’ve got this.”  Sam told him.  Dean nodded and went to his mate’s side.  Cas was lifted onto a gurney and was being wheeled out to the ambulance.  Sam frowned at the blood on the chair before looking down at his nieces.  They were both awake now, watching the commotion with wide, frightened eyes, though neither girl was crying.
Cas frowned and pulled his hand back.  “No?”
“Honey, Papa can’t pick you up yet.  I wish I could.”  Cas looked at Dean in exasperation.  Their daughter had tears in her eyes as she tugged at Cas’ gown.
“I’m not in heat.”  Cas said just to clarify.
“Sorry.  Forgot where I was.”
“Is she a Beta?  She has so many friends,”  Cas asked wistfully as they watched the main character rushing from wedding to wedding.
“I think it is.  And my grandmother was Iona.  Possibly also from the Preston pack.”
“Oh, baby, come here, it’s ok, you’re safe now.”  Dean caught his mate as he tried to stand and ended up falling to his knees.
They watched him head up to the podium.  Dean hoped this was going to work out to their benefit, and to the benefit of Omegas everywhere.
“I love you too, and I always will,”  Sam promised.
Cas chewed on the inside of his cheek as he remembered how good it had felt the one time Dean had touched him like that, and how good his fingers had felt.  There hadn’t been much of the “opening up” though that he thought Sam was referring to.
“Stay here.  Keep the car locked and the windows up until one of us comes back out,”  she told them.  Sam nodded and rolled the window back up.  Cas scooted closer and Sam could feel how bad the man was shaking.
“Hey, van’s ready.”  Dean announced as he stepped into the room.  “You ok, Babe?”  He had been feeling low level stress coming from his mate all morning, but in the last hour it had been inching steadily higher.  Cas pulled back from Jo and nodded.
“Touching you.  Do you want me to stop?”  Dean asked.  Cas tried not to smile and failed miserably.
“Well, congratulations on that.  We’re going keep looking for this guy and all of his lackeys.  We’re still compiling a list of known associates though, so it will take some time,” she said.
“Talk to me, Cas.  Why are you in pain?”  Dean could see his mate grabbing at his stomach as another pain tore through him.
“Please, come inside. You can shower and I’ll get you some clean clothes.”
Ellen came and shooed people away so they could eat in peace.  Sam, Gabe, and Henry came to join them, and Henry tried to feed Molly fries while constantly murmuring to her that they were “nummy”.  Cas thought it was the most endearing thing he had ever seen.  They enjoyed lunch and Dean entertained Henry and Molly while Gabe fed Ellie and Sam talked with Cas.  Henry loved to be tickled, as did Molly, and he alternated tickling the two of them until they were both worn out.  They fell asleep in his arms while everyone else enjoyed dessert.  Cas gave Ellie a bottle and she fell asleep drinking it while feeding bites of pie to Dean.  Gabe offered to take Henry back, but Dean was enjoying the time to bond with his nephew, and Gabe didn’t begrudge him that.  Instead, he took Molly, cradling the sleeping pup in his arms as he watched her sleep.
“Yes.  The principal is a Beta, but all the teachers are Omegas.”
“Here you go.” Gabe returned with the ladder and Cas took it and set it up. He climbed the two stairs and studied the trim more closely.
“No, we decided we don’t want one.  I’ll hire more staff to run the shops so I can spend more time at home with my family, where I belong.  Can you get the ball rolling on that?  Hire a couple of people to go around doing the inspections?  I’ll still run things from my end here at the house.  Don’t want anyone thinking I’m slacking.”
It didn’t take much to shut down the brothel.  A call to the mayor and it was slapped with more violations and citations than Eve could possibly pay, and she was arrested and charged on multiple counts of prostitution and sex-work related crimes.  It was dizzying and Dean couldn’t even wrap his brain around them all.  What he did know was that she had over $300,000 in fines and a laundry list of charges that meant she was not getting out of prison for a long, long time.  That was the first step in tearing up Alistair’s little group.  Piece by piece Dean bought up every single property in The District.  The Alphas that thought they could bully him into paying more were quickly knocked down a peg and begging Dean to buy their property once they were hit with their own violations and fines.  Dean moved quickly, using a team of lawyers to handle all the negotiations and sales.  He had the governor and now the mayor standing behind him supporting him.  The name Winchester soon became the most feared name in the District for other Alphas that were trying to control the Omegas living there, but to the Omegas it became a word synonymous with hope.
“Oh, I’m going to buy him sleepers and jumpers and…”
“What’s going on at home?”  Victor asked.  With a heavy sigh Dean explained the Alpha problem they were having and the break in.  He left out the gory details though.
“Yeah.  He invited me out for lunch.”
The way he said it told Dean that watching a movie was not all that Sam had planned.
“They’re sending out a tech right now.  I explained it’s urgent,” he said as he sat down at the table.
“You don’t have to do that, I can get it later,”  Dean argued.
Cas nodded quickly.  “I was carrying one of the pups in her carrier when I felt the pain.  You’re sure these pups are ok?  Even the small one?”
answer anything that either of us find to be overly personal.  With that being said, we’ll take a question from number twelve.”
2.)  Remember the social status of an Omega in this story.  They're below the low man on the totem pole.  There are rules and expectations in a hierarchical society.  Omegas are expected to quitely keep an Alpha's house, birth their pups, and obey anything their Alpha says.  So when you see Cas questioning things like the fact that Dean is allowing him to sit in the front seat, despite the fact that there is a Beta present, he is not submitting, he is trying to get clarification on Dean's expectations of him, and where he fits into the Alpha's life.  While Cas is shy and modest, he is not necessarily submissive by nature.  If he was, he wouldn't have survived as long as he has.
So....there is a chance Cas can shift too.  Chances are actually pretty damn good.  The problem?  Pups start shifting when they're roughly around Ellie and Molly's age.  Cas is an adult and has never shifted in his life.  What comes naturally to a pup (like learning new languages and absorbing information in general) is harder for an adult, so Cas would need practice.  This doesn't mean that Dean is moving his family back to the forest.  That would be an enormous adjustment for his entire family, but what it does mean is that he can bring his mate and pups back to run wild with the extended pack, and get back to their roots.  Their pups are more likely to find their own true mates within the extended pack as well.  And for Cas to have access to the knowledge the other Omegas carry would be highly beneficial to his own pups as they grown.  To help them move past any allergies they currently have, and to grow up strong and healthy.  Granted, this tea will not "cure" Aidan, it should help him heal enough that will no longer need oxygen, and will need his inhaler a lot less often.  He'll always have asthma, but hopefully it will be easily controlled, and his food, chemical, and preservative allergies will disappear entirely.  So yeah, I hope you liked this chapter.  :)
“Please don’t leave me, they’ll get me.”
“The door directly across the hall from you, next to the guest bath.”  Dean pointed to the door across the hall.
“Sometimes they are.  I care about you Cas, a lot more than I thought I would this soon.  I don’t want to force you into anything you’re not ready for though.”  Dean leaned his forehead to Cas’ and looked him in the eye.  Cas knew he wanted to kiss him again so he made the decision for him.
“When do you take lunch?”  Dean asked on the drive.
Dean pulled out the griddle and started on the sandwiches.  “Ok, I can understand your reservations.  Do you want to marry him though?  Like, honestly.  Not because Cas and I got married, but because you genuinely want to spend the rest of your life with him.  Is that what you want?”
“How do you plan to cook it?  Not sushi, right?”
“You are led by your fear of the unknown. Yes, that is blood in the tea, but it’s a very small amount. It is also not human. Let me address some of your concerns, dispel some mistruths, and get down to the facts. First, I am not controlling you. What I am doing is what is called “influencing”. Your panic could lead to some very dangerous situations. You lack control. My influence keeps it in check so you don’t do something rash, like seeking out your brother to tell him you’re alive when you are most certainly not. Yet.
“I dunno, he
“In the yard.  I was thinking of bringing the girls out there, to get some sunshine and play in the grass.”  Cas replied.
“I’m looking forward to being a father.  I’m excited about my pup,”  Dean insisted.
“Good morning Sam.”  Cas sat down on the corner stool and watched as Dean set a plate loaded with pancakes, bacon, hash browns, and sausage in front of him.
It was a crawlspace, not a full attic but it was full of boxes and an antique chest. He panned the light around to his left and came to a stop.
“He is really intent on getting her attention.”  Dean mused as they watched Jo and the other wolf for another minute or so before turning back to their own pups.  Dean had scooped up Molly who was draped across his arm, her paws dangling in the water, her head resting in his hand.  Cas was doing the same with Ellie.  The pups were exhausted from playing hard, so as they dozed, Dean found the soap that had been left behind and proceeded to wash both pups.  As they finally fell asleep, they shifted back.  They were larger, more awkward to hold in that position, so Dean hefted Molly up so that her head rested on his shoulder.  Cas did the same with Ellie.
The man beside you is beautiful; he has gorgeous long blonde hair and green eyes that blink from the coast to you.  For a brief second you are amazing and all you can hear is the sound of the sea below you.  You have heard of people meeting their perfect mates but have often scoffed at them preferring to be more cynical of the world.
He gets quick help quickly tearing away and returning swiftly with a woman from the next farm who takes charge immediately, shooing him from the room despite his desperate please to stay with you.
Dean answered Castiel’s mental question quickly, as he pressed his lips upon the angels, instantly demanding access to the angels’ mouth which Castiel readily gave, he felt the hunter groan as he slipped his tongue in to Castiel’s mouth.
Castiel looked around the kitchen, trying to zone out on Hester’s voice when she saw someone tucked behind one of the benches, he blinked and looked again.  It was Jo, she was sitting on the ground, hugging her knees and clearly in distress, her face blackened by her mascara and tears.
The captain notifies everyone on board that the ship is a few days away from land.  You lie in your tiny truck bed together, clinging to each other.  He tells you that he loves you and the fact he breaths it into your skin makes you gasp.
They thought he was an idiot. They didn’t think of him of as a person, but an idiot. However, nobody could tell him that it was hopeless. He would prove them all wrong just as he always had before.
You chastise yourself, you should not be thinking this way about him when Dean has shown you nothing but kindness.  You shouldn’t but even the simplest touch from him, a hand upon your back, a brush of knuckles, you cherish to your heart.   Sometimes the lust in your blood rears its ugly head and in your cabin or a quiet part of the ship you touch yourself.  Always with him in your thoughts and his name upon you lips when you come to your release.
Dean smiled and placed his present in front of his brother and turned to the angel to give him his, “This is for you Cas, Merry Christmas,” he said gruffly, placing a box in Castiel’s hand.
Dean moved closer and Cas felt his breath hitch because right now his heart was trying to make an attempt to escape from his chest.  Feeling dizzy he closed his eyes and then he felt hands cupping his cheeks as lips pressed against his.  Instantly he melted into his kiss, throwing his hands on Dean’s waist looping his fingers through the belt hoops of his jeans.   He let Dean kiss open his mouth, he tasted of beer, a hint of tobacco and mint and he kissed like a professional, making Cas feel like his blood had turned to honey.
Well, it was Cas, the infuriating angel who had raised him from perdition, the angel who had sacrificed so much for him, the one who yes had betrayed him but also the angel who he had forgiven.  The angel he had spent a year in Purgatory looking for, the angel he had tried so much to get back from Purgatory.  His best friend, his only true real friend.  The angel who had said he would kill himself if he returned to heaven to see what he had done, so Dean wanted to give him a reason to stay on Earth and damn well live, even if it was a badly planned Christmas.
He turns over on to his side and gazes at you; he surprises you by asking for forgiveness.  You gasp and tell him he doesn’t need to but he cuts you off and explains that he does.  He abandoned you and you argue that the war wasn’t his fault but again he shakes his head and puts a finger upon your lips.  He tells you he wasn’t on about the war he abandoned you after the war.  He abandoned the woman he loved, the mother of his child.  The child she went to such lengths to protect.
But it will happen, you will reach land.  Each night it grows closer, you make love and cling to each until Dean has to leave.  You are frightened each time he leaves that this will be your last night together.  Finally land is sighted and you feel yourself stumble as everyone cheers, you look across and meet the eyes of a pale Dean.  You have one more night.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed and he sighed, practically throwing the watermelon back at Sam before turning on his foot, “Can you keep a secret?” Sam whispered, clearly struggling with the watermelons more than before, but there was something in those puppy dog eyes, his long hair nearly getting in his eyes that made Castiel take notice, Sam wanted to trust Castiel.
You never get bored of looking into his eyes, you never tire of his voice and you constantly want to be in his presence even when you are, only for minutes then have to wait days before you see him again.   Meg is now distant with you, she misses you in your bed but now you are so acutely aware of everything Pharaoh wants for his monument that you never find yourself in your bed.
You lie on top of him and worship him with your lips, teasing nipples with your teeth.  Lapping at his salty sweat moving down his body and revelling in his throaty gasps and moans that shake his body.  You take his cock in your mouth and you worship, sucking and licking him, massaging his balls while watching him grip the dirty sheets of your bed, his face in rapture.  You swallow him deep and let him thrust gently holding his hips firmly with a delight smirk realising his body is covered in your marks.
You don’t even believe in the Reich, you only do it because you are young man and are expected to fight.  It is expected of you and it would be better if you were on the frontline but instead they have assigned you this camp.  Extermination through labour, you make the prisoners work in factories and on the roads.  You give them minimum food and no medical care.  Disease is rife and hundreds die every month.
They had been out and the music was now blasting loud, the DJ blasting some shit dance music that was in the charts so Castiel signalled that he wasn’t quite drunk enough yet to dance to it and made the motion to play some pool so they headed over to tables to find they were already being used by Ash and Garth, he nodded to them then noticed a familiar face with them.
The music got louder and louder as Sam marched in front, Castiel curiously following behind, he could hear the chords of The Contours Do you love me? blasting as they reached a door, and he could hear people yelling and cheering over the music.  Sam grinned and bounced the door open with his backside and Castiel immediately felt his jaw slacken at the sight in front of him.....
Dean had listened intently, but the only thing that had got his attention ringing a bell louder than Big Ben was the part of the plan that meant he was going to be possessed by Castiel. Which he wouldn't mind but a certain part of him panicked as he looked to Cas who seemed thoughtful, hope in his eyes when there had not been before.
Castiel wavered as Dean put his hand on Castiel’s hips and their hips crashed together erratically and the pair split up. Castiel felt his face burn, but kept going. “Good, Roll them this way, Watch.” Dean instructed and Castiel admired that Dean wasn’t getting frustrated he was being thorough, over enthusiastically rolling his own hips in a room full of people that he knew, just so he could teach Castiel.
They have been through so much, through hell, purgatory and now even heaven.  And they have come out the other side.
He is punishing you with kisses, bruising your lips, sucking on your neck and you gasp as fingers reach your clit.  You are so used to men taking, you never ever receive much attention from men and the way Dean kisses and touches you overwhelms you.  You moan recklessly and this time it’s not fake.
“No, just don’t touch my right side near my hip.”
Surprise! It only took me almost 5 years to write the time stamp. I know A LOT of people have asked for one over the years and I'm finally in a good head space, so I wrote one. I thank Tia for being my beta and making sure it was a worthy conclusion to the story of Alpha Dean, Omega Cas, and their growing family. I truly do hope those of you that read this are happy with this time stamp. I'll let you go and read it now, and I'll see you at the end!
“Ok!” She exclaimed.
“We’d like to keep him overnight for observations.  His room is ready now.”  The doctor replied.
“Mmmm, that smells like heaven!  I’m so hungry.”
“For my needing to get a sedative?”
They weren’t able to put their shorts back on with pups in their arms so they just grabbed them and started walking back to the village with them in hand.  They hadn’t gotten very far from the hot spring when something in the air gave Dean pause and Cas stopped as well.
The Omega shrank back, his eyes and his scent filling with fear.  Cas was suddenly at Dean’s side, gently touching his arm.
“Sam said he looked up what happened last night with Lisa and that there’s a bond already between Cas and me, and we have to be careful ’cause if anyone tried to lay a claim on me, it would kill him.  I am eager for his heat to be over so we can seal the bond and no one can break it.”
“Sounds good.”  Cas yawned.
“I need to stop by my shop in The District.  I think we should swing by there first.”  Gabe said.
“Then let’s have that.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Sure, I’ll grab them now.”  Gabe turned to leave.
“No sweetheart.  I watched the way my mom was treated and…I don’t want to do that to you or anyone, ever.  I was raised mostly by Ellen and Bobby and she taught me that all people are equal and should be treated as such.  And I never wanted a submissive.  I’ve always wanted someone that I could talk to, that will call me out when I’m being an ass, and…will love me as much as I love them.”
“What happened, baby?” He knelt down to examine her face. It had been hard enough to give her a mild blood nose but not enough to break it. For that he was thankful.
“I have to, we are expecting a huge shipment today.  And I have to travel to the other shops in the area.  It’s been scheduled for weeks now.”  Gabe poked at his eggs and looked over at his niece Ellie who was sitting in the high chair closest to him.  She was gnawing on a piece of toast with jelly.  He smiled softly at the pup when she noticed him looking and gave him a gummy grin.
“I’m sorry sweetheart, I don’t know what came over her to make her act like that.”  Dean murmured as he hugged Cas closer and nuzzled against his neck.  Cas turned around in the Alpha’s embrace and Dean lifted his head to look at him.  He gasped when he saw Cas’ eyes.
Dean surprised his brother by pulling him into a tight hug.  “You’ll get Henry, I know it.  He deserves loving parents, and I know you and Gabe will pour so much love into him that he’ll overflow with it.  I can’t wait to get to know my nephew.”
Dean got out the plates since it was close to when he would have normally made dinner anyway and watched as his mate doled all the food out.  Eli bid them good evening and left, but not before getting a hug from Cas.  As they sat down to eat, Cas dug in, devouring half of his rice before the others had gotten past a few bites.
While he was examining his reflection there came a knock at the door. He wrapped the towel around his waist and opened it a bit to find Castiel standing there.
“But-”  Cas was cut off with a kiss before he could protest further.
“Yeah.  I just need him to get the rest he needs so I can take him home,”  Dean said with a sigh.  Cas had drifted off again, and he was loathe to move.  He was cold but Gabe was one step ahead of him.  The Alpha had already located another blanket and was putting it over Dean and his brother.
Dean was having a hard time not feeling bad for the man.  Was he even still an Alpha at all?  He turned to Reeva.  “With a castration, does he still experience ruts?”
“It’s time, Cas is in labor,”  Dean said.
“It’s not pack mentality in the city for most people.  For my family though, it is.  We are a very close knit pack and we work together as a team to raise all of the pups, even though we don’t all live in the same house.  I have goals though. I am trying very hard to make life in the city better for Betas and Omegas, and to raise their status so that Alphas will once again see them as equals.  Right now, any unmated and unclaimed Omega is sent to the Omega District.  That is where my mate was living when I finally met him.  It’s why I never met him before he went to work at the bar for my aunt, our paths just never crossed.  The District was a horrendous place where Alphas would force the Omegas to have sex against their will, and many Omegas starved to death.  If you had seen my mate before we met, you would have been furious.  I know I was.  He was so thin and sickly.  He’d been slowly starving to death.  I knew I had to make a difference, so I started investing time and money into fixing The District up.  We got rid of the Alphas that were making life a nightmare for the Omegas living there, and we repaired all of the housing, lowered the crime to almost nothing, and brought in businesses to help boost the economy.  The streets are monitored and we offer training for Omegas so they can learn important skills to get jobs to care for their families.  It is a much, much different place than it once was.”  Dean pulled out his phone and brought up the pictures he had taken early on of Cas, of The District, and then he showed her the changes that had taken place since he began the revitalization project.
“I don’t want to push you.”  Dean said.
“What the hell is wrong with your eyes?!”
“I’ll be back at eleven.  Where should I meet you?”  Dean asked.
“What time is it?”  Dean asked as he rubbed his eyes.
“I don’t feel so good.”  Cas replied, swaying on his feet.  He leaned against the dryer for support.
Dean smiled back, though he knew it was weak.  “Yeah, I just don’t want this to turn into a circus.”
Charlie glared at him for a moment, but then Gabe was walking back in.  “We’re not done, Sam.”
Cas tilted his head as Dean kissed his neck and moaned when his mate’s hands left his shoulders and slid down to cup his breasts.  They were full again, and before he went to bed for the night he would need to pump.  Dean had bought him two kinds of pumps, a manual one and an electric one, as well as a mini fridge.  That way he could pump without having to go downstairs to store it.  Cas was very appreciative of all of the things Dean did to make his life easier.  The tub was full so Dean reached past him to turn the faucet off.  The water was hot and felt wonderful, even if Cas’ toes were wrinkled.  It felt amazing to have his mate’s hands on him.  Dean’s teeth grazed the mating mark, and Cas had to fight the urge to present right then and there.  He grabbed one of Dean’s hands and shoved it down, under the water where he pressed it against his cock.
“You’re not going to force me to mate with you?"  he asked, wanting to be absolutely sure he had heard Dean right.
“Yes, I do.  Very much so,”  Dean replied.  Cas smiled and leaned in to kiss him.
“You’re both worrying me.”
“I-I didn’t.  He just said he was bringing some back.  I didn’t think to ask that.”  Cas frowned.  Such simple things seemed to always prove to be the most difficult.
“Claiming me won’t stop him.  He’s a monster,”  Cas whispered.  Dean held him tighter.
“Talk to you later.” He told her.
“S-she’s sick.  Oh God…”  Dean was fighting not to throw up.
Dean looked momentarily shocked but he recovered quickly.
The center of town was bustling with people.  Cas found himself less bothered now by the sight of people walking around topless or naked.  He even noticed several male Omegas, their breasts heavy with milk as they nursed their pups.  Ever observant, he watched to see how their Alphas interacted with them, and he felt ashamed that he had so often pushed Dean away when he wanted to put his hands or mouth on the Omega’s breasts.  Here, Alphas openly touched their mates, showered them with love and attention, and the Omegas did not push them away.  The evening was hot and to make it worse, they were sitting around a bonfire.  The sweat dripping down the back of Cas’ neck was bad enough, but it was pooling under his breasts and he felt like he was suffocating in his shirt.  He turned to his mate and handed Aidan to him.
“Sam,
“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing,”  Sam said with a sigh.
“It’s not a disruption, you’re family.”  Sam gave him a reassuring smile before leaving to go gather his books.  Cas turned his attention back to Dean.
The second pup came faster, to Cas and Dean’s relief.  It only took a few contractions before her head was out, followed quickly by her shoulders.
“Kiss me,”  Sam begged as his throat threatened to tighten and bring him to tears. Gabe leaned down, capturing his lips with his own and kissing him deeply.  His hands were exploring again and each time they encountered a new scar Sam felt him flinch.  He knew it wasn’t in disgust but in anger.  He was so angry that someone had hurt the Beta like this.  Sam could smell the protectiveness in his scent and it felt good knowing someone
“Your father told me you shifted only as a small pup, and only when you were here, on pack lands.  It had surprised your parents the first time you did it.  The other pups had shifted to go run and play, and suddenly you were on all fours, chasing after the other pups, and you had shifted.  Your mother was overjoyed.  Your father, I believe he was in shock.  See, your father?  His great, great grandfather was my great, great, great grandfather’s brother.  Dorlin and Nahim.  Nahim grew curious about the outside world and felt that he would be happier out there than here.  He took his mate Belinda and they left.  Their pups were born away from here.  They never returned, though they did occasionally visit.  Nahim begot Nathaniel who begot Efraim, who begot John, who begot you and Samuel.  Nathaniel brought his mate and pups back to visit regularly, and therefore Efraim returned as well.  John returned at his mate’s insistence, and so he brought you and your brother.  Now that you are an adult, you are returning with your own mate and pups.  And so the tradition continues, however I have some news that may surprise you.  I will allow you to properly greet my mate, and then we will sit down and talk.”
Cas:  Alright.  Let me take a quick shower and I’ll be in there.
“I have an idea, if you want to hear it.  For something you can do to help the people here.”  She said.
“I understand.  I didn’t have a bed of my own for so long that I didn’t know what to do once I actually had one.  I bought a couch and slept on that for a number of years before I really got comfortable enough in the bed to sleep in it every night.  If you want a smaller bed I’ll get you one.”
“Sounds good. We’ll get them settled and then get some sleep.” Cas shook the little bag and his husband nodded.
“He’s not breathing!”  Tess announced.  She cleared the pup’s nose and throat but he wasn’t taking a breath.
Smiles, tears, of all my life; and, if God choose,
Sam nodded and lifted the body placing on the bed, grabbing his laptop and quickly opening it starting working on it.
His eyes are dark by the time you finish your torrent, you are not sure but you think it is not from lust and think that he is going to hit you and brace yourself ready.
"But it is," Cas sighs biting Dean's lower lip and Dean flinches.
Dean shrugs his jacket off and throws it on one of the chairs, his gaze fleeting on to the bed, the butterflies in stomach being burnt by the ember that is now starting to threaten to ignite in his gut. He turns from Castiel, facing the door. What was he doing here? Why was he going to let this happen again? He doesn't say anything but he could just walk back out of here, but he knows he won't.
No matter how much you want to run away with him and you dream constantly of that life, you know you can’t.
Dean rolled his eyes. “No Mr Fix-it Somebody else can’t fill in.  Ellen has to work all day and she can’t learn the routines and Gabriel and Kali will be filling in for me and Jo. Everybody works here.” he paused and looked Castiel up and down and grinned. “You wanna do it? Take time out from Simon Says?” he said and Castiel felt his cheeks flush as Dean poked fun at him.
It was only a couple weeks till Summer Break and after that High School beckoned them, Castiel wasn’t worried about it much, not when the summer is ahead of them.  He now thinks it will be just more of the same, boring lessons and pranking the guys.
“Going to college in September, going to go see my grandparents down country and going to Spain with my aunt and cousin, what about you?” Castiel replied handing back Dean’s shirt and his own.
Castiel would be lost forever.
“Watch it ASH!” Zachariah yelled before walking away leaving the entertainment staff and the waiters mingling, Castiel knew he should not be really be watching this, he should go in search of his father but he kept watching as one of the waiters “You think you can keep that straight Dean? What you can’t lay your hands on?” one of the waiters taunted the guy in the sunglasses.  Dean so that was his name, Castiel noted and watched as Dean smirked, the sunglasses still on despite the fact it was almost dark outside as he stalked over the table the waiter was setting “You just put your pickle on everybody’s plate, college boy and leave the hard stuff to me.” He drawled before swiping his hand through all the perfectly folded napkins that the waiter had just finished folding before stalking off.
Castiel made to move closer to Dean but the hunter moved out of his way, happy to pace in front of the angel, “Dean I deserved to be punished, I needed to stay there to do penance,”
You collapse into sobs then as he walks out the house and slams the door.  It is over; your innocent love from previous summers is over.  The war has destroyed that.  Now all you can do is live with the consequences.
You are still utterly in love with him and nearly two months since that fateful day that he returned he finally speaks.  You are restless one night, the baby close on your bladder and have to relieve yourself regularly when you hear him a cry.  You check on Samuel but he is fine, sleeping soundly on his little truckle bed.  You hear another cry and realise it is Dean and wander into the kitchen.
“Lost in thought,” Dean said as he sat down opposite Cas.
But this solace is ripped from you when one morning you wake to be sick.  Terror strikes your heart as your vision swims, it cannot be.  It cannot be and you try to breath but you cannot, it is like you have forgotten how to take air in your lungs.   Samuel shouts at you and you see the fear in his eyes.  He is only four he doesn’t understand what is happening to his mother and you want to take him into your arms but everything goes black before you can.
That year when the Queen was expecting her child and the King devoted, everything was filled with such joy and hope.  You spent hours hidden away, making love kissing Dean while talking of his nephew in his sister’s belly, the future King of England.
They stand for the longest time just looking at each other.  Neither of them has a shirt on and they are not even touching.  Not even moving, except for their chests rising with each breath that they take.
Castiel is nineteen years old and sipping happily in his local bar with his best friend Balthazar, turned out that they always remained in touch and during college had been a constant.   It was a Friday night and since Castiel got a job at eighteen, Friday night was going out and drinking your money away night.  Nothing better than getting pissed, dancing till you felt dizzy and wandering home before falling asleep on the couch.  The next morning was never any fun but on a Friday night you never thought of the morning after.
“See?” Dean and Castiel nodded, actually relief on their faces as they actually agreed on something.
"My father," Castiel cut in bitingly, hurt in his eyes, he walked to a bench, sitting down, watching the nativity sadly.
Dean’s jaw tightens and the glare he gives Crowley could kill.  You feel yourself blush for what feels like the first time in years back when you had innocence that this man could even want you.  But then you remember the disgust in Dean’s eyes and you tilt your jaw defiantly.  You throw your leg out of the sheet seductively and throw a sly glance up to Crowley who grins seductively and tells the guards to throw the brothers back in the cells for the night as he has business to attend to.
Inias is not in either, so Castiel rides around in a circle wondering what to do now, when he hears a scuffing sound of a shoe on concrete; he turns to see a young boy kicking a football against the wall of some derelict garages. He recognises the boy from some of his classes at his new school, but can’t remember his name, all he knows is he is from the bigger comprehensive first school that his parents didn’t want Castiel attending.
Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light.
Castiel is twenty two years old and is working in a local hospital’s HR department, he isn’t a manager or an officer, he is purely admin but at least he has the qualifications, all he has to do is get the experience.  He likes his job, even if its repetitive, he has just bought his first brand new car and loves driving around blasting music and now his goal is to save for his first home.
Nobody knew what would happen and the court held its breath in those hot early days of May.  You just never imagined it could end up like this.  Five men accused of adultery with the Queen, her brother included.  You could laugh at the irony; you could say neither you nor Dean were her lover since you were sleeping with each other.  But that would condemn you too.
It had changed when they got to high school, the influx of more kids from different middle schools and fewer classes together meant that Cas and Dean made new friends.  Which is normal as they should, then Castiel’s parents started to get stricter about his grades so he didn’t have as much time to hang out after school.   Then Anna got really sick and everything in Castiel’s mood just got darker and he lashed out at simple teasing that would not have hurt a few years back, now hurt and then he was labelled a freak.  Children are the cruellest people Castiel has ever known and his so called friends were the cruellest.
The angel’s expression betrays nothing as Kevin shares his knowledge, still betraying nothing as he hears Sam’s exclamation and watches Dean tear into a table, flipping it over, smashing glass and letting out his anger and anguish.  He watches silently as Dean looks to the angel, his face full of desperation “There must be another way, there’s got to be a different way” he says his voice breaking, “Without Risking Cas, without him being lost.”
Dean wanted to have sex with Castiel.  And Castiel paced the room, he knew that Dean would be going back on tour shortly but Castiel wasn’t sure whether Dean actually wanted Cas or just wanted sex with Cas.  It was just too confusing, he didn’t want to be used.  Cas was a late bloomer, he was still a virgin and if he slept with Dean and it was just another notch on Dean’s bedpost, what would that mean?  Because deep down Cas knew that’s all he would be, Dean would never come out, Dean would never come out and feel the same way as Castiel.  Because life wasn’t that fair.
Castiel sat on a table at the back of the wall, still watching entranced by the way the couples danced, with no care in the world. Which nothing mattered but the person they danced with and the beat of the music.  He felt himself slightly jealous because they were expressing themselves in such a way that Castiel felt for the first time that in his own little world, that he was suppressed.
“Yes, but they are very, very mild.  He simply gets a bit irritable for a few days, and then it passes.  Mostly though, he is unaffected by Omegas in heat.  He is able to work alongside them before, during, and after without it triggering a rut.”  She explained.
“Let’s say, for the sake of argument, that the car wouldn’t start. Your options are to either fortify the house or leave on foot. What would you do?” Gabe grinned as he waited for an answer. On TV someone ran a zombie over but it kept coming. These ones couldn’t be killed it seemed. Ridiculous!
Outside he could hear the shuffling of shoes dragging across the concrete. They were drawing closer, no doubt drawn by the noise and the smell of blood. He pulled a pack of alcohol wipes from his pocket and wiped at the gash in his forehead. It stung like a bitch but he needed the blood off his skin. The alcohol neutralized the odor and the dead couldn’t smell it anymore. He checked his shirt to make sure there wasn’t any on it and after wiping his hands clean he tossed the used sheet away.
“Long enough to work up an appetite,” Castiel gestured for Dean to walk with him. “I just happened to be passing through the cemetery, it makes the walk home much shorter and I spotted your open grave. I was curious, wondering why they hadn’t already filled it in. They’re particularly lazy here so I wasn’t really surprised. You’re not the first one they let sit there. I heard your struggles so I waited. You wouldn’t have understood how to get out of the grave so I helped you. If you’d like some clean clothes you may come home with me. I’m sure you’d like something warm to drink.”
Castiel felt his cheeks flush and watched Jo hand the money back. “Thanks Angel, but I can’t use it.” She said forlornly taking Dean’s arms and guiding him back into dance. Dean looked furious. “What? What’s the matter with you?  You should take the goddamn money.”
If this be error and upon me proved
It feels like ice is slicing your heart as you realise he is now a prisoner in the camp that you guard.  You see him again the next morning and you see him start in surprise when he sees you.  You feel your cheeks burn with shame as his eyes narrow at your uniform.  His head has been shaven and he wears the striped uniform of the camp but his triangle that identifies which category of undesirable surprises you.
“You can’t,” he breathed beside the hunter’s ear, “You won’t”
You both relax and sip your wine, he tells you of stories of his youth when hunted with his younger brother, the heir to the throne, when they were young boys.  You talk for hours and the sun is low in the sky when he turns to you and places his goblet down and looks at you with pained eyes.
Deans raised voiced alerted Sam who had been in the bathroom, his face instantly burrowed into deep concern. Dean scanned over Castiel sensing a deep weight upon the angel's shoulders and Dean felt sick. Ever since Castiel had admitted that he had considered suicide, Dean had been inwardly frantic and when he looked at the angel right now and how weary and exhausted he looked, it did not fill Dean with confidence.
"Also you celebrate this in December when Jesus was born most likely in your September; the feasts at this time of year were normally pagan." Castiel continued spouting out his confusion.
Even now he amazes you, you can see his heart breaking and all he thinks of is you.  You same his name like every other time, one word that means so many things.  Those green eyes look at you and they are not guarded.  They show his fear, his fear that you are going to leave him and he needs you.
It took another ten minutes to get rid of Hester and Castiel was running, running faster than he had ever had before back to the dancers. He saw Sam at the record player and went to him.
He could never admit that he was in love with one of his closest friends.  But they had talked about everything; Dean had only been the one to talk about his mother’s death with Castiel, nobody else really.  And Dean knew about Anna not being well and that she was going in for more surgery, that Castiel was pretty much abandoned by his parents when Anna became ill when he was 10.  Not that he blamed his parents but Dean got it, Dean got that he needed attention, so he hung out with him, he sat beside him in classes, he made Castiel smile, to take everything off his mind that was going on at home with Anna and hospitals by just making Castiel smile.
Castiel had only one person left he could go to. He knew he could always rely on his father but he felt so guilty going to him. It was going to be difficult asking money for an abortion but not being able to tell his father that. “Dad,” he called, finding him and his mother on their way to play golf. “Someone’s in trouble, and you always told me if someone was in trouble, I should help.” Castiel said softly and watched as his father smiled fondly nodding his head. “Could you lend me $250?”
It isn’t that he is gutted over splitting up with Meg, he isn’t, he is upset who wouldn’t be, but he is missing his independence, he is missing having fun.  He can’t afford to go out with his friends because is he is saving up for his own place because he misses his independence, he is nearly there but it’s then getting a mortgage and so and so on.
I love thee with the passion put to use
“Give me your number,” Dean breathed on his lips and the pair swapped numbers before the pair split up making their way home.
“Merry Christmas Dean.”
“Merry Christmas Dean, Sam,” Castiel nodded a soft smile playing on his lips.
You lie in bed together at night, he tucked in behind you and both your arms encircle and protect your swollen belly.  You discuss names and Dean tells you that he does not mind a daughter or a son just as long as you are both healthy.
Sarah lets you wallow in bed for a few days before coming in and forcing you to get out of bed, telling you that you still have a duty to your worried son.  Samuel, the thought of him being scared has you up out of bed and dressed before Sarah can say anything else.  The little boy looks so pensive and runs into your arms when you go to him.  He cries then and you realise how much the last few months have affected him.  He is cleverer than you give him credit for and you hope this has not chipped his innocence and whisper that you are sorry over and over again into his downy blonde hair.
The damp clothes are quickly torn from each other’s bodies, you are filled with the sensuality of his touch as his mouth travels down your jaw, leaving kisses and licking the sweat that trails down your neck.  Your hands finally get to dig into those shoulders that you have fantasised over as you slide them down his slick back, slipping past his waistband and impatiently tugging down his trousers.
You are trudging back to house after hanging Dean Shirts when you feel your legs go to jelly; you stumble and prepare yourself to hit the ground when arms grab you from behind.  You look and see his green eyes are narrowed with concern.  He wraps an arm around your waist and guides you back into the house.  He shushes your protests and sits you in a chair getting some cold water for you to sip on.  He then makes sure you lie down to rest and only then does he return to his work.  You drift off to sleep with the memory of his warm hands upon your waist.
Afterwards, he had to admit that he had felt sick, that although it somehow felt right, it wasn't, he felt sick for using Cas because they were meant to best friends who cared about each other. He had dragged the angel down far enough without pulling him into deep sin, that's what it had been hadn't it?
Castiel felt even worse. “I can’t tell you this.” he said softly.
You waited three years to marry, three years that he satisfied your father by saving enough to buy a plot of land to farm and built you a home.  He says he will be happy farming the land, growing things as long as he is doing it together with you.  It is a hard life but you are happy together, you miss him while he works on the land but every time he returns to the home he kisses you deeply.  He never shies from telling you that he loves you.
You put what the stranger said behind you and get on with your life, hoping that your crops will grow and not fail.  You feed Dean well and still hug her when she cries.  You try and ignore the reports of this sickness that seems to get closer and closer.
“Cas-“ Dean exclaims
You try to remember when you were a young girl, living in a village in Germania when the Romans invaded.  It did not take long for them to overrule your people.  A slave trader took one look at you and brought you to Rome.  There Crowley bought you when you were just a child.  He told you that you had a pretty face, icy blue eyes and long flowing blonde hair.  Romans like a bit of the unusual and exotic.  If you could call a young virgin girl from Germania exotic.
But he had prayed and there had been nothing, and now it was getting late on Christmas Eve and there had been nothing.  What was Christmas if you couldn’t be with your family?
You ask him why he is doing this. Helping you, surely it would be better for him to kill you.
Dean nodded, to be honest he felt slightly bereft without the angel, he missed the warmth and then he remembered what he had seen in the grace and he blushed and looked at the carpet.
They escort you to a court where three men await when you are heard on when you see Dean follow you on to the court.   Your heart stops, you are scared but you know that you can do this with him nearby.  He sits beside you and has no shame in taking your hand.  You have nothing left to loose and you give him a watery smile.  The other men who had probably long suspected of your relationship look away out of respect.
Big Girls Don’t Cry boomed out of the radio, filling the family car with a spark of excitement as the Novak family got closer to their destination, the tension of a long journey was starting to melt away.  It was the summer of 1963, before Kennedy was assassinated, before the Beatles came and Castiel Novak could not wait to join the Peace Corps.
Castiel moved so that Hester’s hand was no longer on his thigh as she prattled, “I have to say it, I’m know of as the catch of the county.”
Crowley is pleased with the brother’s progress and decrees when they win their latest fight that they can have a whore for the night.  There are three whores and you are lined up for the brothers to choose.  Ruby and Meg flaunt themselves because a whole night with one of them is better than a night of fucking all the men in the compound.   And out of the three of them, one of them is going to get that short straw.
Sam is looking directly at Crowley, an angry glare in his eyes but Dean is looking around, taking in everything again and his gaze falls upon you.  You clutch tighter at your sheet but the gaze he gives you makes you feel like the sheet is no longer there.  There is a glimmer of disgust in his eyes when he looks to the bed then to Crowley.  Crowley follows his gaze and gives a cackle of a laugh informing him that if he wants to fuck you he has to start playing by the rules but until then everyone but the brothers can fuck you.
He looks to the altar, “You never are going to ask my questions are you?” he whispers softly, “You are never going to give me a sign?”
“I can’t even do the merengue.” Castiel admitted shaking his head softly, he was starting to panic they surely couldn’t be thinking he could do it. That would be insane.
The infidel is shouting and raises his sword and you prepare yourself, trying to say a quick prayer and think of the family you left behind when another voice shouts across and the infidel stops.  You looked dazed up to another Saracen upon a horse and you take a breath because you have never seen anything so beautiful before.
Dean whispers to you his voice full of emotion; he shakes his head whispering Cas.  He cannot say anything else, only stares at the ground as Sam talks quickly saying there has to be another way.  You watch Dean the whole time as you see tears roll down his face.  Naomi watches carefully as you walk up to him.
Castiel was trying to get Alastair to take responsibility for Jo and he was talking about a book. He thought about his sister and felt cold. He stepped closer to Alastair. “You make me sick. Stay away from me and stay the hell away from my sister or I’ll have you fired.” He growled and finished by pouring the water over him.
“It’s beautiful,” Sam gushed, “I love it! Thank’s Cas!”
In the days afterwards you find it difficult going back to how it was before.  But it isn’t like before; you can’t touch each other during the day.  You only chance the briefest of touches when nobody can see.
Sam sighed and Castiel glared, "Mentally after the cage, Sam isn't strong enough to survive a possession. I can leave my vessel, but only for a short period. It could work."
Momentarily he wants to lose himself.
“Hey,” Sam said looking at his watch seeing it was 1am, “It’s Christmas!”
When you awake you are tied to a chair, you blink and see your commanding officer coolly appraising you.  He asks you if you have gone mad, he now sees the reason for your change in behaviour.  He tells you that they have long suspected you of having sympathy for the prisoners but had never imagined that it could be just one man.  He rises and nods to a soldier behind him who slaps you firmly; your officer asks you how long you have helping Dean.
Sam turned and his eyes widened at when he saw who it was, instantly replaced by a panicked expression, “Er how did you get here?”
You are struck by the act, he may have treated you with scorn but this act shows that he felt quite deeply for you in his own way.  You feel sad in a way that you never felt anything for him, only disgust and bitterness.
He may have been called Castiel but the whole family called him Angel, it did not occur to him to mind or correct them, his mind was peaceful, looking forward to a family holiday, and the summer was full of promise just as the disc jockey had said.
But seeing how relaxed his father was on his first holiday in six years, he couldn’t help but throw his head back and laugh at himself, he was kind of enjoying himself.
I never writ, nor no man ever loved
But he had afterwards; looking at those wide now not so innocent blue eyes, now starting to become glassy with resignation that all Dean was offering was sex. Dean hated the secrecy, he didn't want Sam to know because he wasn't sure how his brother would react, it was his dirty little secret and Sam didn't need to know, but hadn't the Winchester Brothers learnt by now, that keeping secrets always led to trouble.
You are not selling yourself; normally you would be showing some flesh or saying something provocative.  Instead you stare at the ground and listen as Sam chooses Ruby and the pair go off into the darkness.  You are mentally preparing yourself of a night of being fucked all ways Sunday when you see feet standing in front of you and hear Dean say flatly he wishes to take you.
He goes back to work in a daze but he can’t stop thinking about him, he has regrets about the last time he saw Dean, he wishes he had slept with him, even if it was a one night thing, if he slept with him he would be able to start moving on.  Or would he?  But now he is lying in a hospital bed, seriously injured and who knows what will happen and if the worst happened would there be even more regret.
Castiel felt himself take a breath at the sight of the guy and wasn’t quite sure why, perhaps it was the electricity that charged in the air when he walked into the room, like he was something, the attitude in the jut of his jar, the defiance in his toned shoulders.  “Hey Hold it Hold it!” Zachariah yelled and the group of men stopped, including the sunglasses man, “Well if it isn’t the entertainment staff,” Zach sneered, the guy still did not take his sunglasses off but folded his arms in defiance, Castiel could imagine the glare behind those sunglasses.
It is almost dawn and the church is in darkness, except for the candles that had been lit by the previous day’s faithful.
Dean looked to the clock, it was gone ten pm, “You arrived just in time, we are just about to perfect the eggnog.”
He drives across town to another motel on the other side of town, avoiding the rear view mirror and trying to ignore the ember that is starting to warm his gut, he knows he should not be doing this, he shouldn't be doing this but here he is and as he pulls into the parking space.
“Leftover rice pudding, beets…” Hester trailed.
Castiel had never seen someone hold such ecstasy in their face and he found in his gut that he was jealous, he wanted to feel that free, to not care about anything but also because he wanted to dance with Dean.  Because Dean was beautiful, despite the rough exterior, he was graceful in his movements but Castiel wanted to feel those hands on his hips and move in time with the music.
Thanks to all your support and reviews, it really means a lot and gives me the boot to get going and do more chapters!
“Is this kid for real?” Jo asked Dean who was swigging at a bottle of beer. “Takes a real saint to ask Daddy.” He drawled his eyes full of danger and his voice full of something else.
Chuck was confused, disappointment in his eyes. “You always said you could tell me anything.”
“Why not...” Dean hoarse, his lips red from kissing
“I am sure he will come Dean, maybe he is just taking his time.” Sam said trying to smile and tasting the eggnog, wincing, “I think we need more rum in this..”
“Well you should have,” Dean said firmly, “Because I fancied you. Always have.”
And it is the truth.  Castiel still loves his absent father, the father who had set him on this path, so long ago.  The path that has been filled with so much pain.
But he still felt pretty surpised when the angel pulled back and Dean felt almost lost without those lips, “Ok…Cas…erm…was that  part of the present?”
You lick the sweat from your top lip and watch his eyes follow the movement and you now recognise that something else in his eyes.  He grits his teeth and tells you that you have no right to decide whether your desire is harmful to him.  That is his decision and his alone.
Because then he remembers why he was running away, because he might want to lose himself but Dean belongs to someone else, not him, he has never belonged to Castiel.  Dean has always chosen someone or something else.  And Dean is married, Castiel manages to push Dean off, “No…you are married, this can never happen, this can never happen ever…”
"Well besides you know the angels, shepherds, wise men and maternity stable there is the glaringly obvious virginity question!" Dean explained and inwardly Sam screamed, he sometimes wished he could just wander over into his brother's head and kick his brain.
But now isn’t the time for smirking, you are standing opposite each other in the middle of the street, rain threatening in the wind, the sky is angry and so are you, but now is not the time for smirking, shit has just got real, in a couple seconds your lives are going to implode….
You surprise yourself that you worry till his return (victorious with his brother) you are no simpering maid.  You are a slut and have fucked in every way imaginable.  You have a foul mouth and have been known to get into fights with the other whores in the compound, scratching and slapping.
Instead he then found himself being roped with the rest of his family into a merenge dance class on the gazebo being taught by a very graceful young woman with blonde hair and a gorgeous figure by the name of Jo.  Castiel was trying lord knows he was trying but he didn’t really get it, his feet were either getting stamped on by someone else or he was doing the stamping.
So he didn't say anything instead, he turned back to watch the nativity, never letting go of Dean's hand.
Possession flares in your gut as you feel him getting close to his release, you let go of his cock and slide up his body, ignoring his petulant moan as you rock your hips into his.  He bucks instinctively and you gasp as his cock slick with sweat, saliva and pre come touches your own.
"This was before Gabriel became a trickster," he announced his face burrowed in confusion as he watched the rather overdramatic performance, "but when you take in to account of the ancient translation of amariac language it is not far off, what I don't understand is why the shepherds are wearing dressing gowns..."
It is only afterwards, tucked up high in the attics of the palace that he shows you how mad you dancing with another drives him.    Forceful kisses upon your mouth that drive you insane while he enters you fast covering your mouth with his own so your gasps and moans cannot be heard.
Sam grinned at Castiel’s confused expression, “I thought it was customary to wait until morning,”
He won’t admit that he hangs around waiting for him at school, or the shops or even around the block for the hope that he will see him.  That he kept the Christmas card he got off him last year, the birthday card as well, that he has doodles the pair of them did in one chemistry class.  He feels like a total idiot for keeping these things in a sacred little box under his bed, hidden from everyone.
You bite back the well-rehearsed Christian rhetoric that their God is not God, when he asks would you have not done the same.  It stuns you as you realise that you would probably not have.  Had your troop had captured this righteous man standing in front of you; they would have killed him upon your supposed God’s saying.
But you fear, you fear for your family who know nothing and would be shamed and in danger if anyone was to find out that you were gay.  A gay German soldier going against all of your beliefs that you were brought up to believe because you are scared so much.  You watch Jews, poles, gypsies go into these camps and you watch and guard them while they are starved, beaten and degraded in such ways you feel sick.
Dean freezes completely, he feels his heart seize his chest at those simple words, those simple words that terrify and thrill him. He knows Cas loves him, he can see it in every look, he feels it in every caress, in every kiss, he knew the first time Cas entered him and stared in to his eyes, kissing away the pain.
"Like you did in your father?" Castiel said icily.
You feel sick when you see that the other letter is from Dean, he writes that he is well and you breathe a sigh of relief.  He thinks of you constantly and your heart aches because you miss him so much, you stroke the paper as you think that he has touched the same.  But then you retch and then are sick because you have betrayed him.  You think the guilt will overcome you as you go to bed and hug yourself to sleep.
Feeling Castiel gently press his lips against Dean's chest, the hunter knew he shouldn't be here, there were a thousand reasons why he shouldn't be here and yet he revelled in the lips that pressed against his skin, the worship in those lips. He cared about Castiel but perhaps too much to be in a relationship so here they were, having sex, both pretending that was all they wanted.
"Low blow Cas," Dean winced, "But look where blind faith got us?"
“Because it is not even, it never has been even.  It’s not just a passing fancy, it’s not just lust for me, and it never has been!  You have haunted me for twenty god damn years!  But it’s not even because I cannot do it, I won’t be the half that feels more because when you leave, that’s the half that will get hurt.”  Castiel manages to get out before getting into his car, leaving behind a very shocked looking Dean Winchester.
Over the months that lead into winter you find yourself helping him more.  You make sure he gets the bread that has the least mould on it.  The most water, the better condition clothes.  He is still relatively small but not malnourished.   You know that your actions will probably draw suspicion but every time you help him you imagine your mother smile.
They are each other’s reflection as their bodies melt into one.  They are no longer angel and hunter. They are one and now they have each other they will fight.  They will keep going.  Faith in each other reflecting in their eyes, their glistening skin, their moaned cries as they come together.
“He knows.” Jo sighed lowly, sniffling and rubbing her eyes. Castiel was shocked and the room fell silent.
It is unlikely.
Sometimes he does not talk to you, instead hands you the water and cloth and sits beside, not saying anything.  Just be being there you realise you don’t feel so alone and lost.
Dean smiled at the gesture, signing his name, “I’m going to get a part time job till I can join up as soon as can, going to be in the army like my dad.”
Or bends with the remover to remove:
There was a rustle of the tree beside them that suddenly got Castiel’s attention, “Alastair!” a voice full of indignation yelled, “I don’t hear an apology!”
People in the town stare at you now, they judge you as they suspect what Crowley was doing visiting your farm so often.  But the war has driven all to do something that will haunt them, you know of a few women who have become whores and you tell yourself you only slept with Crowley but wonder if you were truly desperate how far would you go for Samuel?
You have seen every emotion in those green eyes and you dream of them at night.  You work too hard at the plans of his tomb, you heart aches at the thought of a world without Pharaoh.   You are just an architect; you are not a rich man but Pharaoh showers money and glory upon you.  It means your daughter can have a good life and dowry.  Your wife can live comfortably.
He returns to the lair of the Men of Letters at a different Dawn, he finds Dean by a fire drinking whiskey, the flames framing his face with a reddish glow that makes Castiel take a breath, “You are back then?” Dean says darkly, “Come to tell me it’s hopeless…what took you that long to find that out?”
Castiel again opened it carefully and found on a silver chain a compass, “Erm I know you have been lost and feel like you have no direction,” Dean said lowly, “Er Like you have nowhere to go but here you go, here is direction, it’s got a spell on it that means no matter how lost or down and out, think of something you want or somewhere you want to go and it will give you direction..er or something like that…to keep..you er…from ever getting lost again..”
And Cas returned from purgatory, he had to tell him that he didn't want him, that he wanted to stay in purgatory, but that it wasn't Dean's fault that he had been left there. That not everything in existence was Dean's responsibility and it made Dean feel that everything that they had gone through had meant nothing.
Dean nodded and turned to his brother but saw that he was not there, neither was the Christmas tree or the motel, the instant alarm of panic subsided when he felt Castiel was beside him,  “What? Cas?!” he said exasperatedly.  The angel moved on his feet sheepishly, “I am giving you your Christmas present,” he said softly and Dean realised where he was, the moonlight casting gorgeous silvery shadows on the canyon, not just any canyon, only the Grand Canyon.
And that was why Castiel had stayed in Purgatory that was why he had let go of Dean’s hand, it was what he deserved and it was in this turmoil of feeling and emotion that had started the current mess that they now found themselves in.
Which they do.
Dean sipped a cold beer, letting the bubbly drink tickle his tongue and sooth his dry throat, it had been a heavy days driving and he felt some of the tension leave his shoulders. He looked to the burnt orange carpet of the motel and wondered if he would catch anything if he took his boots off.
Sam groaned wishing that the ground would swallow him up whole, Castiel glowered at Dean, not saying anything but his eyes clearly said
Buy this, you have never felt so alive, your blood is burning and it is building like waves in a storm crashing against the rocks.  He pulls your legs and wraps them around your waist as he pounds into you.  It builds and builds and he kisses you like his lips were made purely for kissing you.
The officer orders that the men shoot and you tell Dean that you love him.  As the shots ring out the last thing you see before you fade away are his green eyes.
Castiel looks deeply into those green eyes and knows he has made the right decision, the righteous man will never keep from surprising him, “If you will have me,” he gestures to himself, “I know I will not be use-“
It’s a dance, they know they fancy each other but both are just far too scared to do anything about it and what? What are they supposed to do?  They are thirteen year old boys.
The moans that erupt from your chest are mimicked by him; he sucks on your bottom lip before growling upon it that he doesn’t care about the whole world right now just as long as you get it in to your thick skull not to make decisions about you and him, without him.  That he wants you, has wanted you for months that he steals glances and touches when he can.  That you have driven him crazy and if you don’t fuck him soon he is going to jump overboard.
You talk more often now when you are with him, you share stories of your homelands and the families and lives that you have lost.  You also fuck passionately, in every way imaginable and not only that but Dean gives so much to you.  He really shouldn’t, you are a whore, and you are a slave.
Castiel isn’t not really sure what he is doing waiting in a coffee shop, he knows Dean is still married, but what’s wrong with catching up with a childhood friend over a coffee.   Except this childhood friend he has kissed and loved on and off for nearly twenty years.     Perhaps he won’t turn up and Castiel will be able to get on with his life, perhaps he will turn up and they will have this awkward coffee and then Castiel can try and get on with his life.
Castiel had learnt his lesson from the past, that is not a bad thing to ask to help when it is needed, that alone showed him how far he had come. And how it is needed, right now, two months of constant attacks had left him run low on energy and despairing, it would be so easier just to give up. But instead he goes to the person who could help him and yet that is the person he wishes he could protect from this situation the most.
He is screaming, eyes scrunched up in indignant anger and announcing his arrival but he is all Dean, his hair is a light blonde, his jaw and nose your brush with a fingertip, he is the image of Dean and you imagine that his eyes will be green just like his fathers.  But you are surprised when he opens them and peers at you for the first time; they are a vivid dark blue.  You stare at each other and your son quietens as he and instantly you love him.  He is something of you and something of Dean and he is perfect.
“Oh,” Hester said, Castiel could hear the scorn and disdain in her voice, “They’re the dance people.”
Right now you wish you were in shelter and not out in the open, in this heat.  You wish for a bed, a cold bath and some cold clean water down your throat.  But instead your troop plods wearily on, in a desert of fire, your commanders looking tired and everyone looks exhausted.
Not saying anything but letting his emotions seep through into his actions Castiel gently kissed Dean and the hunter gasped and moaned, meeting every thrust, Castiel wanted to show Dean love, he wanted to show how pure it was and with every heartbeat he was begging Dean to love him in return.
You are in your cell and can hear the shouts from the hall where Dean and his sister are on trial for treason.  You have already been tried and have been found guilty.  You know you are going to die a traitor’s death.  Hung drawn and quartered but you hope the King will be merciful and can commute it to beheading.
“Dawn,” Sam interrupts, “You can have until dawn.”
Castiel kneels on the tiled floor, looks up to the stained glass windows that glitter with the sky behind them, purples, reds and oranges “Father I am here.  What shall I do?”
"Cas," Sam said rolling his eyes when he realised that they had not figured it out, "We need to fake your own death. You could leave Jimmy's body and possess Dean. Then we find a scene, paint black wings around Jimmy's body and let the demon track you there. When they see a dead body, they will report back to Crowley that you are dead and then you hope back to your own body."
Extermination by labour.
“But you can’t just leave her!” Castiel pleaded, “I mean-“
They kissed like what felt an age, Cas had been kissed before but never like this, it was perfect as their tongues danced in their mouth, and it was soft and yet so passionate, he felt like he was burning up from the inside as Dean pressed up against him rubbing their crotches against each other and Cas felt himself gasp.  There was no denying now that they wanted each other but sprung apart as Deans phone rang, he answered it and Cas tried not to listen in but presumed it was Sam, “I’ll be back soon,” Dean promised ringing off, and he turned to Cas and smirked.  Cas grabbed Dean and the pair kissed again, Cas could get addicted to this, he could get addicted and he would not care if he got burned.
