Spencer lived a carriage ride away.  It took us thirty minutes to arrive in Pinchin Road and to locate the number eight.  A modest little house it was, squeezed tight between two others as if it had no room to breathe.  We stood beside a lamp post, watched the stream of passers-by.  I had no idea of my friend's intent; if he should knock upon the door or merely stand by as a sentry.  I was nervous, I'll admit it, and I cursed myself for being so.
Holmes called the waiter, paid the bill, and tipped a generous amount.  We walked into the night, muffled against the biting wind, the sleeting rain.  Holmes did not take my arm, this return journey, but the weather was so inclement that I scarcely even noticed.  We were home in a short time, hanging our coats, removing hats, and then my friend turned round to look at me.
“But I would still be handsome,” he said with great finality.
Almost everyone was out of doors and sunning on the lawn.  Umbrella tables had been placed, with cushioned chairs, and guests were scattered here and there with books, and needlework, and chess boards.  Holmes had disappeared towards the trees.  Once I was sure he would not turn around, I set a pace behind.
“Holmes,” I said, under my breath, “I hope you're taking notes.”
“Oh!” I said.  “A
I understood that it was happening.
I regarded him a moment.  He stared back, sweetly defiant.
“Dr. Watson, tell me all about the war, it must have been so very thrilling.”
Two hours later, and a knock at the front door yielded a burst of activity.
Holmes smiled gently.  “No,” he said.
“The master might have said something, but he never put it in writing.  I didn't want it anyway!  And I can't remember!”
He tutted, rolled his eyes.  “I never took you for a prude.”
The drawing room curtains had been closed.  Holmes darted back inside the house, and we entered the room where the body was found.  The heat here was formidable.  A fly buzzed feebly in its death throes from its perch close by the ceiling.  I was struck by the silence, heavy and grey, scarcely lifting as Victor pulled the drapes to one side.  A pale light filled the room.  I blinked up at the swirling disturbance of dust.  There was nothing, to my untrained eye, that revealed anything of note.  Holmes paced from one side of the room to the other.  He leant by the window frames and stooped by the rug.  He collected nothing further, but at intervals I heard him tut and hum.
be from the gardener,” said my friend.
I pushed him backwards to the sofa and, dust or no, I laid him down, and then I lowered myself slowly to the length of him.  I ground, experimentally.  He whined.  I ground a little more.  He muttered an expletive.
“Let me in.”
“You don't like it?”
“I am not a marriage guidance counsellor,” said Holmes.
We stared into each other's eyes, and bucked a little, stubborn, mulish.  I pushed my body into his; he whined, a high-pitched keen.  “Just lock the door,” he gasped.  “Before... you know.”
“Perhaps.  Although I felt no sense of danger in his company.  He's more of a damp squib – quite literally.  Our poor wet carpet.  If his message held a shred of truth, it was not brought to us with malevolence.”
“Will you... attach it?”  Holmes held it out.  “I have no mirror.”
I stripped him of his waistcoat and his shirt, and cast them off onto the floor.  I took his boots and stockings, and his trousers, and I pulled them over slender hips and down.  I fixed my eyes upon the lean of him, the acres of pale goosebumped flesh.  I cupped him, through his underwear.  He moaned, and arched his back.  My hands took hold and dragged the heavy cottons down.  His cock sprang free and slapped against his abdomen.  He raised up on both elbows then, to watch the whole proceedings with great interest.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I wondered just how long I'd have to wait to find that out.
“Well, use a boot.”
“I've no idea if you like Wagner,” I gabbled on.  “I've not the foggiest idea if you like
“For heaven's sake.  That
.  Well, goodbye then.  Come on, Watson.”
, really?  You must be as deaf as a parrot.”  (He hesitated then, and looked at me sharply.)  “Our esteemed landlady,” he continued, “honked her way out of her rooms, and honked twofold across the hallway, and was still honking when she reached me, whereupon she grabbed me by the elbow, Watson.  The
“...Immensely,” I said, lying through my teeth.
I freely confess to liking Tobias Gregson considerably more than his colleague, Lestrade.  An altogether more affable variety of the Scotland Yarder breed, the burly fellow held out his hand to shake my own, and listened intently as I told him of my trifles.
“Oh GOD,” said Holmes.
“I am... happy for you.”
“From the truth.”
The maid knocked lightly and came in.  “Mr. Joel Dooley is here, sir,” she announced.
.”  And he nodded, quite beyond himself; a wanton idol still yet clinging to the pedestal I'd placed him on.  And fingers now, first one, then two, a gentle breach and pistoning, and driving him to rattling the window with his craving.  He came, then, shuddering; clenching around me, head thrown back, shouting my name.  And I was with him, with my free hand fast around my own stiff member, with no control, just both in glory, making a dreadful row, and coming down but slowly, oh, so gradually.
“Holmes,” I said at last, after an interminable interval, “why do you have a tattoo of a moustache upon your arm?”
“Your bed is lumpy,” I remarked.
The stairs were steep; they creaked and groaned as we stepped up them, and the attic door was stiff upon its latch.  Holmes pushed it open, and we entered.  Pale yellow light was seeping through from a high window, highlighting cobwebs, thick with dust, so long abandoned.  In every corner there were boxes filled with books and tarnished silverware.  Broken basket chairs, and table lamps, and plaster busts of who-knows-who from god-knows-when.  It was so quiet here!  The bustle of the house seemed very far away.  I watched Holmes as he moved from box to box, picking up first one thing then another.
“I'll remember.”
“Hmm, oh my,” said he.  “That is the question.  I believe that I may have a set of cuff-links and some signet rings.  I shall bring you the tray...”
“There is nothing wrong with the curl,” my friend said slowly.  “I like it.  It's nice.”
“You've changed your tune all of a sudden,” he remarked.  “For god's sake, man, stop jittering, and sit.”
Holmes smiled.  “Well, yes, I think so.  If you would like to, should I say.  The choice is yours.”
“Tracking down lost kittens, I suppose, and mislaid wedding rings.”  I smiled to show that I was jesting, but his face became a pucker, and he sniffed and looked away.  “I didn't mean it,” I added hastily.  “Good lord, you're sensitive.”
He snapped back into focus.
“You're in a grump,” he said.  “Can I ask why?”
Holmes tapped out the dottle from his pipe and set it back upon the rack.
Lestrade,” said he.  “Oh, for goodness sake, everywhere I turn there's another idiot.  Go away, Gregson.”
game?”
My blood pooled somewhere south.  “Oh god, yes please,” I said.  “I mean, are you quite sure?”
“Holmes, I apologise.”  I leaned forward in my chair.  “Indeed I do.”
I offered the plate.  He snatched one at random and bit into it sharply.  I waited while he chewed, until his brows relaxed their tangle.
“Holmes,” I said quietly, aghast.  “It was murder?”
“You can prig me how you like.”
“Good morning, Watson,” he said at last.
The trouble began on a Wednesday eve in September – a day and month which carry no bearing whatsoever, other than the fact they are now seared, for better or worse, into my memory.  My friend, the great detective Sherlock Holmes, had been in ill temper since the Monday.  Close on the trail of Hoggerty (a man of most questionable memory), and several ambushes and wayward chases later, Holmes was barely any closer to the criminal's arrest.
The seven furies of hell were at work in my chest, in my heart, in my throat, in my mouth.  And I gasped, and I stared at my friend, and tried to formulate words, but no words would come out.  Holmes was pale, his face in a roil, as if waiting for me to make sense of myself.
.  And I said to my wife, well, I said to her:
And we chuckled as we poured out yet more coffee from the pot.
He moved across and touched my shoulder, tentative.  “Are you happy, John?”
The next morning, I was sober once again and feeling mortified.  Holmes was up and at the wash stand with his razor, shaving busily.  He caught my eye in the reflection of the mirror, and – for heaven's sake – he winked at me.  “It's all right, Watson, don't be wretched.  It's the
“You take that back.”
“The pawnbroker's,” I said.  “What is suggestive about that?”
ear?  I didn't hear anything,” I added.
,” I said again.  “I love you.
“Well done,” I said.  I sprawled out to my full length and gazed up full into the sky.  “It is so peaceful.  We should retire to this place, come the day.”  I thought for a moment.  “Your bees would like it too.”
“Mycroft, please be aware from the very outset,” said my friend, “that you are not allowed to crow or say 'I told you so'.”
“Why are you spying on us?” I demanded.  I hesitated.  “You are French?”
My old friend shrugged.  “We'll work it out,” he said.  “We fell in love.  That's all there is to say.”  He looked at us, then, curiously.  “Are you a pair as well?  For if you're not, I'll eat my hat.”
“What's going on?” I asked, confused.
“Oh, Watson, really?  No.”  Holmes shook his head.  “Dawkins mentioned one fellow who was the absolute star of his set.  He declared that we had already made his acquaintance.  Well, that set my mind to whirring, as I am sure you can imagine.  Ha!”  My friend slapped one hand to his knee.  “So, a new theory was unfolding, and I returned to Mrs. Barker – who, Watson, by the way, was in an absolutely
“And the rest of it,” I said.  I frowned.  “I cannot believe you do not feel the same as I.”
“It is dated just one week ago,” said Holmes.  “The next note may have been the one burnt in the hearth.  John, what can you deduce from this handwriting?”
“Brrrr,” he said, rubbing his hands before the fire.  “I'm frozen solid, John.  I'm an icicle in long johns.”
“What I would do when I grew up and could
“Oh, you tell
He stared.
“What?  No.”  He pecked my ear.  “Silly man.”
“What ever should we do with her, if she ever goes doolally?” my friend enquired at last.
Holmes moved towards his desk.  He neatly placed the new wooden box alongside its brethren, and swept his long and anxious fingers through his hair.
“Holmes, I don't understand--” I began.
Holmes said nothing, but his grey eyes shone bright.  The faintest curl played at his lip.  I attributed this to little more than gas or quiet placation, and paid no mind.  My thoughts were now upon my speech, what I should say, and how so humble and indeed grateful I would appear while I was saying it.
“I'm sorry to hear that,” I said.  “Have a sandwich.”  I relayed the plate to where he sat, and perched myself at some near distance.  “Would it help to talk about it?”
He raised his head, and oh, what depth and hope behind those eyes.  “Give me a drink,” said he.  “You surely must have something here.”
Holmes became quiet.  I allowed him the space that he needed, and tackled the problem within my own head, for all the good that might do.  Our visitors of yesterday: the cuckolded and tongue-tied Mr. Flowers, and the excitable Roger Sloan; and woven between them, the mysterious tarot lady whom we had still to meet: the Gypsy May.  How very strange, all of these characters; their suppositions and their stories.  It felt apparent that the gypsy was somehow connected to our problem, but exactly as to how I could not tell.
“Did you enjoy your rendezvous?” he asked.  He moved to look out of the window, through the curtain, at the night sky or the rooftops, heaven knows.
“I don't believe you.  Show it to me.”
“Let's meet for lunch.”
“But why, Holmes?  And how was it that we did not suspect a thing?”
In bed, not so long afterwards – for we were both tired from the day – we held each other as the dying fire sputtered into ash.  The night outside, so quiet, and our cottage, just the two of us... and I fell to sleep, and dream, as the first snowflakes came to fall.
“But have we
I mused upon the splayed wardrobe doors.  What if someone had borrowed the contents for indefinable purpose?  And what of the dressing table: was that fresh powder spilled upon it, or merely dust?  My brain whirled with strange scenarios, each more outrageous than the last.
“I'll see you shortly, Dr. Watson,” said my companion.  “For a
Then he crumpled up the sheet into a ball, and overarmed it far away.
“Whatever makes you think that?”
Mrs. Barker was put out to have to see us one more time.  She made it clear as she invited us into the dim-lit hall, and she made it even clearer as we descended to the kitchen.
“You must remember,” I said, yawning.  “When we stayed at your brother Ulysses's house.  You came into my room, and--”
,” he said.  “But all the rest of me...”  Holmes shook his head.  “I've never had to answer to the rest of me before.  It's an odd feeling, and I'm not sure that I like it.”  He held out his hand.  I grasped it, and I held on for dear life.  “Watson,” he said, screwing his eyes tight shut, “I want us to continue, but I'm telling you, if anything like this happens again, then I--”
“I believe I recognise the handwriting,” he said.  “Now, who do we know that lives in Surrey?”
Holmes chuckled to himself.  I felt my cheeks flame red.  But then a greater sense of relief that the case had been concluded, the true criminal apprehended and all now well – except, of course, for the late lamented Jack Talmadge.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“No more,” said he.  “I've had enough of my dear brother for the day.  Tomorrow will be ten times worse.”
“As we should hope,” said he.  “Upon my word, I pray the boy has a modicum of writing talent, otherwise we should have kept the money for ourselves.”
“I brought you cake,” replied his brother, which he now drew from a dark recess of a pocket.  “A jam sponge, because you like it, and because you'd shout if I brought fruit-cake.”
“I intend to follow up with the four chums.  You may prefer to return home and wait for me there.”
“I really am very sorry,” he said.  “I say things without thinking.”  His face was flushed a dark red.
“There,” he said, frowning, displaying his arm.  “Make of that what you will.”
“A little 'off', yes, you could say.  Inspector, you know I should not ask you if it were not absolutely vital.  And it is vital, please believe me.”
.”  Friends or lovers?  He had avoided my question.  I thought of him in the arms of a woman, and flinched, for the pain was acute.  Yet it must have been so; for he had answered as much to my question the previous evening.
“But are you sure?”
.  A Christmas gift.
“The younger, by some seven years,” said Adams.  “He's a rum old sort.  Eccentric, some would say.”
He grimaced.  “Everything.”
He nodded.  “Yes, I want.”
And I waited, and I waited, but my friend did not reply.
“That was it?  Breakfast?”  His tone raised a half-octave higher.  “You hurt my neck.  I'll be skew-whiff for days now.”  He got up all the same, and stamped across to the table still rubbing his collar.  He snatched the manila envelope.  Observing at the last that it was not addressed to him, he huffed and tossed it hard and high over his shoulder.  He sat down heavily.  “Where are my letters?”
“I have so many things to do,” said Mrs. Hudson, “that I can't stand sitting idle.”  She leaned the closer to me then.  “Mr. Holmes sat with me yesterday.  He's been very good, you know.  But goodness me, he talked my ear off about you.”
“Holmes, what on earth is the matter?”
Holmes tutted in exasperation.
“I am so sorry.”
“What did you hear?” I gasped.  “I tell you, it was nothing, it meant nothing, it was...”
“Are you still seeing Cobbs?” I asked.
“You do not live here anymore, Jane?”
“You could
Holmes sighed and threw himself into his chair.  He steepled his long fingers, looking stern across the top of them.
“I also deduce,” I continued, “that you are quite the handsomest fellow I ever did see, and I love you, and I want you.”
, he said.  The three of you were laughing.  That's your part in it.”
I nodded; turned around to leave, my thoughts already elsewhere.  Mr. Holmes's voice recalled me.
I was in the dumps the weekend long.  I could think of nothing that might please me, and I avoided company.    On Sunday morning I ventured out to take a walk in Regents Park, where autumn's fingers were already reaching down to snag the frayed end of the summer, but still warm enough and genial, and I sat upon a bench to watch the world and all her gentlemen pass by.
A clanging from the room below.  We halted, listened to the saucepan racket as our neighbour's day began.
“Excuse me, he's a what?”
He looked at me.  “Well yes, of course.”
you would.  And how did you enjoy him?”
Closer inspection confirmed the liquid to be blood.
One Tuesday morning at ten o'clock precisely, Holmes and I were sat side by side in revolving chairs at Smith & Curtin, the gentleman's barber shop on Lincoln Street.  With white sheets wrapped around us to suffocate us even further, it was to some relief, still, as the snips of hair were shaken to the tile in triumphant coda.
I stared at the flesh, red-sore and black lined.
“Nothing.”
We were quiet inside the cab.  My friend gazed from his window, and I from mine.  The late morning bustle and the noise of commercial London.  Gradually, the carriage drew away and out towards the private club.  Holmes turned to me.  He touched my leg but lightly.
“Anything that I might be of service with?”
“I encouraged him!” said she, her dark eyes shining.  “I said,
never been in love,” said he.
“I love you,” I told him.  “Whatever it is, you surely can tell me.  We have no secrets from one another, after all.”
He rolled his eyes.  “So did you climb a flight of stairs to tell me that?  Or do you have more
.”  She laughed again.  “I hope that we'll have cocktails on arrival, Mr. Watson, do you think we will?”
I retracted in shock.  “Good god, stop that nonsense!  See how
“Holmes,” I said, “what is it?  Don't tell me that the Prime Minister has caused another scandal in the parliamentary debates?”
“Perhaps, a little.”
He shrugged dramatically, as if the thought was too much trouble, and the voicing of the thought even more wearisome.  He scowled towards the doilies.  He advanced upon the sideboard and stretched out a hand to dab at one.
The sitting-room door flung open wide, and Holmes stood upon its threshold.
He nodded shortly.
“Why, Mr. Holmes,” the fellow purred, by now recovered, “the feeling is mutual, I assure you.  How may I help?”
The last of these outings, to my memory, happened upon the fourteenth of September of some year, perhaps the other.
Out on the street, with bag in hand, I made my way to the newsagent to buy my paper and tobacco.
“Oh dear, I do hope not.”  I looked quickly at Holmes.
“Nips and tatties and a lovely meat pie,” crooned the crone, “that'll settle you right.”
“Well, if you do not wish to tell me, then I shall not persist in pressing you,” I said.  “You look far better now at any rate.  Dinner is at seven.”
My friend huffed, and flushed pinker.  He chivvied at the paper, and used his handkerchief to mop up the white residue.  He pounced upon the rubber as if it were a twitching mouse.  All of these things he thrust into the spacious pocket of his dressing gown.
“I made it, Holmes,” I wheezed.  “The driver took me to the wrong address, and he had gone before I realised, and so I had to hoof it...”
“Whatever was the name of that inn?” Holmes enquired.  “Where we dined out the previous time?
.  And I have also been
And he began to tell the tale.
And we stepped down, and paid our fare, and turned towards Exeter Place.
(possibly?) ...
I leaned across to him, and placed my lips to his.  I kissed his mouth, which opened slightly to accept me, and then my hands had cupped his face, and his were at my back, and god knows, we'd forgotten how to breathe, we were just
a deck of cards?”
,” I said.  “You know that Aunt Rufina sleeps next door.”
(That Gregson had sat by to allow my friend to conduct his interview with no bumptious intervention was, to my mind, all but a miracle.  For he had listened as intently as the rest of us, held rapt within the story and content to know no crime had taken place.)
“I know where
“There are none for you this morning, Mr. Holmes,” said Mrs. Hudson.  The lady had the good sense to begin her slow retreat back out onto the landing.
, Holmes!  And me!  And perhaps other people we know! – might behave very oddly.  No, I doubt very much that the writers could sustain their momentum.”
smells like a pile of rotting turnips.  Our doorframes smell like turnips.  My fingers smell like turnips.  Mrs. Hudson smells like the biggest turnip of them all.”
“You are the world,” I whispered to him, and I felt his lips, their fire, upon my neck.  I tried to twist, to grasp his head, to kiss his mouth.
“I shall,” I agreed.  “You had better not talk it up.”
“I did not mean to,” I replied.  “He's rather difficult, I have to say.”
her heart, Mr. Holmes, as they suspected.  Well, well.”  He hung his head.  “I fear that I have wasted your precious time.”
“Well, I am glad that you... hoofed it,” said Holmes.
“You will be happy, right enough,” said she, her chin raised high, determined.  “It will be a lovely little home for you.  You will be taken care of.”
And still he sleeps (it is a miracle), and I cannot find the heart that would disturb him, for the day that is to come may be a long one.  So I settle for a spot that is as close as I might dare, and then I listen to the clock-tick and I watch the second hand.
“What is the matter, my dear fellow?” I enquired.  “Are you in a fix?”
“She did not come,” said he, half agonised.  “And I did not move for three full hours.  I am as familiar with the shadow from the gate post as I am with my own thumbprint.”  He shrugged.  “That is a terrible analogy, but never mind.  You should go home, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson.  I truly
I lit a cigarette.  “It is no use your looking at me like that,” I said.  “Because I still don't know.”
And all of my nerve endings were on fire.  And both my arms were reaching around his back to hold him.  And all my thinking was of how warm his body felt, this close to mine.  And then – then, it was over, for he released me, let me go.
We had to breathe, regrettably, at some point.
Holmes pushed his chair back and stood up.  We stepped out into the street and blinked the noon sun from our eyes.  My friend hailed a hansom, and then to my considerable surprise gave Pall Mall as the instruction to our driver.
“I would so love to hear you.”
I blinked.  “Thank you.  You don't have to apologise for--”
I stopped upon the threshold.  “Yes?”
“Mrs. Oaks,” my friend said briskly, striding back through to the sitting-room, and beckoning we follow him.  “Now listen closely, for I have a list of tasks you must remember and must follow to the letter.”
“And the murder weapon?”
Holmes declined to reply.  “Lestrade almost threw the lamp at me again.  I don't know how he thinks this case is
“I rather think it is too late for that,” replied Holmes.  “The fellow was found dead last night.  He was murdered.”
I kept my eyes averted from the front of him, the back of him; anywhere that was not comprised of a thin wound line, fresh attended.
His grey eyes narrowed on the page, and
“And not a dratted minute too soon,” said our friend the Inspector.  “There's the whistle now.  Whatever kept you?”
“Well, now there you are, John,” said my friend.  He leaned back in his chair.  “I suppose it is she.  The snow muffled her boots.  Go on, then!  Before she turns 'round and escapes.”
“Sit down,” said Holmes.  “Yes, anywhere.  Now, please do explain, what do you mean by that?”
And I went to bed and took myself in hand, and that was some relief at least.
“There you are at last,” said he.  “I thought you must have perished in the night, and I would find you sheathed in ice upon your bed.  The breakfast's hot; you'd better come and help yourself.”
He sighed.  “Your hospitality is draining me.  No
me!”  He made a sound that intimated thwart and pique and other things.  He chivvied at his bacon and he pushed his eggs around.  “Nothing pleases me,” he added.
“Oh yes,” I said.  “That bird.”  I laughed.  “But still, I can't see how you lost the bottle in the lumber room to start with.”
“I might well ask the same of you,” I said.  “It's late for you, I thought you'd be long gone.”
“Yes, I know.  I do apologise, Gregson.”
We glared at each other, exhausted.
I collided with the postman on the Friday at ten-thirty, in our joint attempt to access 221B Baker Street, albeit both for our own reasons.  Mrs. Hudson was in evidence, the door already open, and she was smiling as she noticed me, and beckoned that I enter.
He held his hands up, palms towards me.  “I've no beef with that.  Not anymore.  You do your thing.  We two weren't so well matched, I've come to realise.”  He scratched his ear.  “At least, not outside of the bed.”  He grinned.
“What have you learned?” I asked him, curious.
“I never imagined that my aunt should have kept such a secret,” said poor Victor at last.  “Some years after that, of course, she met my uncle, and after their marriage they lived here at the gables until my uncle passed away ten years ago.  I wonder if
He rolled his eyes.
“That does not surprise me,” I replied with a smile.  “You smoked up a pea-souper last evening.”
He inspected them.  His brows declared their absolute confusion.
“How can you tell?!” I said.  I craned my neck to see.  “Are
.  I see.  So, what's he doing here?”
“I am not sure?” I said.  “I think, a tiny tingle.”
“It's goodbye,” I said softly.
I hauled myself, and plumped back down beside him on the pillows.  We were both quite out of breath.  He turned to look at me.  “I think you turned me inside out,” he said.
“We should have dinner,” I said lightly.  “Would you like that?”
“Have you eaten yet?” I asked him.
Back at the Yard, I glumly went about my business.  Lestrade was piping like a bird about his new success, his brains and ingenuity in the solving of the murder of the Hon. Cole Ramsey.  I rolled my eyes behind the safety of my door, for I knew better, still it turned my thoughts back to that dashing fellow lodged at Baker Street.  I wondered if we'd meet again.  I felt a curling of despair inside my gut, which was quite rudely interrupted by a knock upon the glass, and the small figure of our mailboy as he slid into the room.  “Excuse me, sir, you have a letter,” said the lad, as he deposited a small handwritten envelope, no postmark, on my desk.  I did not recognise the writing.  As I picked it up to take a closer look, first Toby's head, and then the rest of him, peeked through the office door.  To my dismay, he took a chair and sat there rigidly in front of me.
And we spoke of it no more, but every now and then I catch a glimpse of it, through a thin sleeve or an awry dressing-gown, and still I wonder.
He rose and collected his black clay from its rack on the mantel.  A large pinch of shag, which he lit and pulled at on his slow return back to the table.  I had picked up the letter during this drawn-out manoeuvre, and I read it, and frowned.
I hustled the poor lady in, chivvied her through to the kitchen and sat her down on a chair.  She was wearing the same costume as on all previous days, and once again no coat.  She shivered violently, and rubbed her mittened hands.  “It's bawbag cold,” said she, her mouth in downturned misery.
“Watson, you made me jump,” he complained.  “I almost chomped my pipe in half.”
“I imagine so.”
“Yes.”  A pause.  “I really don't like him.”
“I was rather hoping that you might be keeping some of your own, Lestrade,” he said.  “A case that has you baffled, perhaps?  That would, of course, be most everything.”
This held until we were seated in the sitting-room, and busy with the teacups and the sugar cubes.
“Oh, let's play cards,” said he.  “Stop whining.  I might let you win this time.”
“It would be as well to.  I must send another telegram in any case.  The pieces of the puzzle are quite opaque, still, John.  But at least we have a name to play with now.”
The tea tray arrived.  I poured a cup for Holmes and took it to him.  And then, as he accepted it, our hands touched, for a brief moment.  He flinched, almost as if he had been scalded – and in fact he almost was, as a greater measure of the liquid ended up inside the saucer.
“Sshh, lower your voice, do you want Hill next door to hear?  I mean we're over.  Whatever 'thing' we had, it's through.  It's not your fault.  I'm in a stew, and I just need to work things out.”
“I bear no malice, Mr. Holmes,” said he.  “In fact, it is the opposite.  I have grown somewhat...
“You have remembered something?” I asked, impressed.
“Impressive,” I said honestly.  “I'd say you have a genius for detail.  It was wonderful to watch you.”
“She mustn't keep her key, John,” said my friend.  “Otherwise, she'll just be in and out and buzzing in our ears all day.”
“And in return you pay them handsomely,” I added.
I all but dragged him to the sofa and set him beside me.
I held still as my friend took a quick and neat snip.  He exhaled in deep triumph, and between his index and second finger held my severed curl aloft.
He turned sullen anyway.  He shrugged himself into his overcoat, and fussed about his gloves.  “What is the point, when there's no mail?” he said, to no-one in particular.  He took up his hat but it displeased him, for he tutted and wiped crossly at the brim of it.  “Oh, bother it – and bother to Pall Mall,” said Sherlock Holmes, with a stern look at me.
“I hate to admit it to myself, John.”
Lestrade drummed his thick fingers on the desk.
“Try me,” I said.
Our client then set to nodding as if he had some monstrous tic, and I looked towards the brandy in case the poor fellow was in need, he did seem so sore disturbed.
“Which three?  The group that we passed in the aisle?  No.”
A further telegram arrived while Holmes was out.  I set it by his chair.  When he bounded into the room ten minutes later, I made a point to it.
“Pshh,” said my friend.  “I have no time for mystic woo-woo.  Do you remember some years ago, John, we had a case that was centred around a crystal skull?”
“But not a single thing?” he asked, in seeming hope that our landlady might remember a small sackful in the hallway, by some miracle.  His face was so downcast that I was much amused, and ducked behind my newspaper for fear that he should spot me and turn sullen.
“Six o'clock!  And what day?”
I picked up the letter and read it.
“A... jumble-giblets?”
“I see.  Good.  Thank you.  Did you move any of the furniture?  Were there signs of a struggle?”
The younger man, tall, strong and brown from the sun, stepped forward in query.  His brooding, dark eyes flashed from one to the other of us.
“Mrs. Barker's cousin, Dawkins,” he pondered slowly.  “That name seems familiar.”
I held him fast, this six-foot vulture, claws and wings and beak and all.  I stroked his hair.  “Stop complaining.  Twist yourself a little just this way... yes, that's much better.”
“Oh!  Who was the other?  Others?”
He nodded shortly.  “Well, good night.”
“You don't have to,” I said quietly.
Holmes furled a heavy eyebrow.  “A story with me in it?”
“I like this.”  He touched my prick, through layers of cloth.  “And I like this.”  He took my hand, and led it to his own firm cockstand.  “Should
“You are wearing a new pair of trousers?”  I chuckled.  “If so, they are quite ruined, for you have covered them in butter.”
“Good morning, constable,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Might I ask who is on duty?”
“Holmes,” I said.  “If you are unable to face the lace, I shall replace, or make a space, so there's no, er, trace.”
.  Yes.  Oh yes, I did.  I damned well did.  It was too ludicrous for words.
“Not to our friend Gregson, evidently,” Holmes replied.  He sighed and stepped back to the sitting-room, where he leaned against the mantel, gazing down into the flame.  “You need to clear things up in that direction.”
My friend stepped forward, and to my surprise thrust out a hand in welcome.
“It certainly was that.”
He snorted; curled his lip.  “I shall not marry, Dr. Watson.”
“I have a headache,” I said, holding it.  “Holmes, I must apologise again...”
“I know.”  I watched him as he wrenched at cloth and pulled his garments down.
“I do not have fleas,” I replied.  “It is my hair that is the problem.  It is too long, and it is tickling.  It is worse now with this sunshine.”
But still, it is strange.
“This green carnation tickles,” he complained.  “My collar scratches.  My shoes are tight.”
After the initial daze, I was not far behind my friend.  I pursued him close along the landing until we reached the master bedroom.
Holmes exhaled.  “I feel the same,” he said at last – and this had cost him a great deal, for he was flushed; his hands were trembling.
“You have a choice,” said he, his cheeks a flush, his lips red-swollen, shocking in their state.  “I can make you come like this, or you can have me here, again, just how you like.”
Later in the day the house was three, with Oaks our housekeeper at large in his domain.  We had taken to the custom of sitting with him in the kitchen, talking through our day and his, as the good fellow bustled back and forth with floury hands and baking trays.  This evening he was conjuring a Spring vegetable tart, with new potatoes and fresh salad leaves.
that game.”
“Yes, I am he,” I said.  I refrained from adding
“John, you are not listening.  You are over-excited, and worse than a terrier.”
I frowned.
“You'll be wanting my key then,” the old woman said, and she plucked at her pocket and offered it up.  “As long as you'll be around when I want in, 'cause I don't rate a broken neck for climbin' up your drainpipe.  Well, your larder's fully stocked, at any rate.  You'd fancy dinner now, I reckon.”
“I understand,” I said gently.
“Your leg's a nuisance,” said my friend.
“I am more resilient than perhaps you give me credit for,” I told him.  “Tomorrow I may wish to break a vase or smash a teacup, but right now I would like to take a bath and then, perhaps, some supper.”
My very good friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes was prone to the occasional and sporadic bout of melancholy, as I believe I have had cause to mention once or twice in my recording of his cases and personal history.  During most episodes such as these he would cast all six feet of his length onto our sofa and smoke a copious wealth of shag tobacco and speak little, if at all.
“There is no law against singing sea-shanties at eight in the morning, that I am aware of,” I said.  “Let Mrs. Oaks have her fun.”
We found ourselves in bed again.  Or rather, on the top of it, lounging, smoking cigarettes, and talking.  A novelty for us – the sprawling on the bed in daylight – for we rarely were so bold back in the hold of Baker Street.  We spoke little of our old life back in London, for our focus was quite strongly on the future and our exciting plans.  Holmes wished to study philosophy, and even agriculture, and of course, work with his bees at some near future opportunity.  (“They are becoming less theoretical by the day,” said he, a smile upon his face.)  As for me, I yearned to catch up with my reading – all those books! – and learn to garden, which was something I had done scant little of, but which intrigued me now, with all the land we had outside to front and back.
“Then
“You doubt my motives?”
game?”
“No sir.  I only heard Mr. Talmadge go to open the door.  But I
“That's rich,” I said.  “We haven't even chosen what to play.”
“Sooner than soon.”
He burst into a hearty laugh.  “That fellow's one to talk.  All mouth and trousers – that's how the saying goes, I think?”  We sat there, smiling at each other.  “I suppose that I should leave,” said Holmes at last.  “It's getting late.”
Stamford shook his head.  “It doesn't matter.  Just don't dare sabotage my wager, or my pal and I'll be having words with you.”
“Yes,” said he.  His tone was peeved.  “You're not hitting it hard enough.”
“I remember everything,” said Holmes.  He pinched my nose.  “Please unpack our bags now.  I need my toothpicks.  Thank you, John.”
wish to marry; have a family.”
Holmes had seen it.  He scooped it up without a word and set it back upon the bookshelf.
“Holmes, what does it mean?  What are those three words at the beginning?”
“Good morning, gentlemen,” said she.  “Mr. Holmes, you have a visitor.  It's a Mr. Archie Flowers, from Charing Cross.”
“My life?” said Holmes.  “Elaborate.  And take a seat just where you like.”
“Why on earth didn't the killer exit out through the door?” I muttered, still embarrassed and half to myself.  “What a dashed stupid thing.”
score, he'll yap your ear off.  A dapper dresser, that much I'll say.”
“You don't sound very sure!”
“That sounds terribly ominous.  But whatever did Mycroft mean, when he spoke of 'Ulysses' terrible deed'?”
“Holmes,” I said, “what are you
“I thought you feared the frostbite.  And besides, we have no snowboots, John, how many times?”
“I told the truth,” I said, “and bless him, he forgave me.”
There came the slightest shadow across the woman's face.  She shook her head as if to toss a thought away from her.  “No, you did not,” she said.  “I mean to say, that I am sorry for the trouble.”
Our twin beds: conjoined and inviting.  The proximity of my friend, with the shadows from the lamp casting behind him onto blue, was most affecting.
We had been walking for twenty five minutes, the late spring sunshine at our backs.  The narrow path that we were on was wide enough for two abreast; our shoulders bumped as we negotiated potholes, the atrophied clumps of grassy mud.  My knapsack bounced, though light enough.  I heard the clink of earthenware, its shoulders bumping with the tin.
“Well, well,” said Holmes, “Mr. Flowers, from Charing Cross, you are very welcome.  Do come in, and close the door.  You are letting in a draught.  Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, that will be all.”
“John, there's no time; we must follow,” my friend said.
“Mr. Holmes!  Dr. Watson!” said Victor, extricating himself with some effort.  “I am so glad you are here once again.  I can only apologise for your having to travel with this terrible oaf.  He is quite out of control, as you see.”
“Will you
“On holiday,” I repeated, glaring.  I exhaled long and loud.  “A severed arm, indeed.”  Then, with a concluding sigh:  “You are exasperating.”
optimistic.”
– which was of little help to me, now going under for the third time.
Gregson's door was firmly closed when I walked past, some minutes later; I did not venture in to bid him a good morning for I had every dark suspicion that he would shout or throw a missile at my head.  The day was busy, and I found myself absorbed with different matters in the morgue, and then a modicum of paperwork.  Thus the week continued, with stops and starts and fits and bursts, and I was of a great impatience to come to Saturday.  I did not contact Holmes at all during this interim, and did my best to avoid Gregson who, it seemed, was of exactly the same mind regarding me.
“I want to trust you.”
,” I corrected.  “Should we say, rather, my
Holmes threw himself into his chair.
“Your enquiries to the local antique shops, Holmes?”
I felt his searching gaze upon me.
He turned and fled down the long passageway, through double doors, away.
I leaned across towards him, but he squirmed away, held out a hand in protest.  “No?” I said, withdrawing, awkward.  “I have misjudged,” I said, abashed.  “I am so sorry, Holmes, forgive me.  Of course, you're courting young Miss Alice, and I--”
“You really do exaggerate,” said he.  He tore it open and scanned the contents.  “It is from Mycroft,” he informed me.  “It has been attended to.”
“I do not know anyone by that name,” I said.
I felt his hand upon my shoulder.  I thrilled at his touch.
We both sat down, and looked across into the other's face.
I remember, still, the way in which Holmes had said those words, upon some case or the other, and how my heart sank deep into my boots at hearing them.
“I'd like to thank you for the letter that you sent to Holmes,” I said.
, John.”
And Jacob Stone leaned low to look the skull squarely in the socket, and then he placed both of his hands upon its crown and closed his eyes.
“John,” said Holmes, his eyebrows launching somewhere into orbit, “what on earth are
The spring and early summer had proven fruitful for us both.  The Spanish Embassy had seen Holmes engaged upon a confidential case, that held him occupied and absent for far longer than I might perhaps have wished.  But his triumph in the affair had sealed his reputation far and wide, and only served to bolster his good spirits.  For my own part, I had begun to take on some police surgeon work at Scotland Yard, and which found me in the evidence box of the courts on odd occasions.  Such ventures never interfered with my participating in my friend's own work – and I was very glad of this, for I should have never heard the last of it if they had.
“Mycroft doesn't make mistakes,” said Holmes.  He turned and left the room before the two of us could question him.
“It's how I am,” I said, “for better or for worse.”  I plucked my courage with both hands.  “What do you think of me?”
“Not an appointment?” I said, garbling my consonants.
“Oh, oh!” said she.  “A doctor!”  Then:  “Oh, oh!” again.  A giggle and a clicking of the boot heels informed me that the lady found this information tickling.  I might have queried it, but at that very moment we swung into a long drive, and there – my word! –
I shook my head.  “Perhaps it does not spell a name at all,” I said, inspired.  “It could be spelling “eloin”, or “elocution”, or “elongation”, or--”
cigars,” said he.
I awoke to find Holmes gently prodding my stomach.  The sun was still grazing the sky.
“Well, no,” said he.  “If I had, I would have said so, don't you think?”
(For I was now chuckling aloud at his petulant spat.)
“I love you too.  So very much.” I said.
Holmes rolled down his shirt-sleeve, and he fastened up his cuff.
“Someone must be talking about you,” I said.  “I can only imagine their invective.”
The fire was lit, the room was warm, when we arrived at Baker Street.  With a brandy and cigar apiece, we sat opposite each other.
“A dreadful mess,” I said.  “Could I see him, if he's in?”
“I have a small proposal,” he said softly.
“We are well matched, then,” I said, provocative, not caring of the fact.  His grey eyes widened just a fraction.  He may have edged slightly away.  He might have spoken, had our driver not drawn up the cab and tapped upon the roof.
“Holmes, you are really very strange.”
We wrestled for a moment, all pressing hands and grunts and oaths.  I had him by the waist, his nightshirt rucked around his midriff, and I dealt him a sound kiss upon the mouth.  “You are a menace, Holmes.”
“Tell that to my bowls,” said Mrs. Hudson, sore and miffed.
I reached out and pinched at his behind.  He squirmed sideways.  “That's too bad,” I said, laughing.  “But you may as well squeeze in beside me.”
I climbed the stairs up to my room and shut the door.  I lit the lamp.  I stood there stupidly, not knowing what to do.  I set the poker to the fire for some pale warmth to fight the chill, then I undressed and got into my bed.  I sat, with back against the board, my knees up to my chin, the blankets wrapped around me.
“Yes, John, she is, I'm much afraid.”
“Not far away.”  And I provided my address, to which he nodded.
The lunch was quite informal, and with just seven at the table I took my time to look around and tally up.  At the head was Mycroft Holmes, and ticking clockwise was Uncle Rufus, Aunt Rufina, Newton Cooper, then his younger sister Alice, Merrill Adams, to myself, and Eva Worthington.  One place was unattended to my left.  I contemplated it no longer than a second, for the chat was loud and frivolous and rather entertaining.  I found myself in light debate on something philosophical, and Cooper was disputing with his fork gesticulating in the air, and we were laughing at the mime when the front doorbell rang.
“You never do,” said Holmes.  “You are the least observant man I ever met.”  He joined me then, and stared down at his place.  “Oh!”
I wished that he would share more of his theories and his thinking, instead of
“Do you want to...?”
“I never have before,” said he, “with anyone.”
My friend grimaced.  “A man who is out of the country can neither murder, nor steal a stone skull.  A fellow in a wheelchair cannot shimmy down a drainpipe, nor can he easily navigate two flights of stairs – which might also prove an impossibility for a man with two broken legs.  And why should such a skull be stolen, if not for financial gain?  I imagine that there may well be some private collectors in the city who would covet such an object.  That is another avenue to follow.”
“Aye,” said the old man, “it is early yet, see.  Give it time.  Unless ye
Thursday was the sunnier by far.  I rose quite earlier than usual, took my breakfast, and descended to my office before eight o'clock.  Whistling, I stacked my books and papers, straightened up my chairs and tables, and so prepared the day ahead of me.  Presently, I heard Miss Marsh within the other room, and then there she was, to say
“Observing, nothing more,” said he.  “The
After an early morning breakfast and with our bags packed up and ready, Gregson caught us by the door.  He shook our hands and shuffled circles on the spot.
“Oh, don't worry, just be off with you.”
“What?  The theatre?  Well, yes, of course.”  Whatever was the fellow on about?
“Of course.  I understand.”
Holmes looked sad.
“Oh, very well,” he said, sulking.  He placed the few items in front of me.
“I know.”
I woke at nine o'clock, the evening shadows in the room.  Holmes's hands were in my hair and gently soothing.  I raised my head to look at him.
“What was your row about?” I enquired.
Victor and I were much amused by this diversion.
“How should I take you?” This concerned me still.  We frotted, and we mouthed each other's sweating skin, the salt, the bitter tang of it, and I had never known a more exquisite taste or blissful feeling.  Holmes flipped me over once again; he was now underneath.  He drew his legs against his chest.  “Like this,” he said.  “You'll take me just like this.”
We conveyed our bounty to the hall, where Mycroft Holmes was playing judge.  He looked upon us with a half-smile.  “Sherlock and Watson,” he said, counting from our basket, “oh, you've done very well indeed.”
Holmes took my hand and led me out and up the stairs.  Here on the first floor were two large bedrooms, a lumber-room, and a white-tiled bathroom, piped and modern.  The beds were made; the fires lit.
“You have the clear advantage, I'll admit,” said he between gasps.
Holmes quirked a smile.  “The same,” said he.  He tapped his ash into the saucer that I'd placed between the two of us.  “So how did you meet Mycroft?”
This was a terrible conversation.
“Without any doubt.”
“You... want the curl?”
“I'd be prepared to take that risk,” I said, my heart beating aloud, my every nerve alive, in ferment.
“Yes.  Hmm hmm.  Well, well.”
Am I ridiculous?”
“Yes,” replied Holmes.  “I believe you did say.”  He wrinkled his nose in displeasure.  “This brilliantine smells of
I spluttered mildly.
The door opened a fraction and then wider.  I slowly became dimly aware that my friend had very seldom been inside my room.  I squinted up.  He smiled, a little, queasily.
“Dear me.  Well, as I had mentioned, it is a curious thing to wear about one's neck.  Then I happened to recall having seen something of the sort only a few months ago, in an illustrated article on hypnotism.”
The sitting room was warm and comfortable.  The whisky was uncorked, and Holmes had poured us each a finger, and we sat close to the fire to take our sip of it.
“Never mind then,” said he.  “Just as long as I am handsome.  And just as long as whoever plays you has a lovely thick moustache, and just as long as the writers don't marry you to some mad and wretched female, it will be fine and quite all right.”  He beamed.  “I shall be remembered, Watson!”
“You know you do.  You liked it last year.  You made snow angels out in the yard, and then we played games for gifts, and had the most wonderful lunch.”
Our visitor scratched his head.
It was not Mrs. Hudson who made the first rap.  In fact, there were no raps at all.  The first we came to know of it was the sudden, looming appearance of a broad-shouldered fellow, late middle-aged, with right hand on the door knob and the left clutched to his pate, as he stared around with wild eyes at the two of us.  His pepper-salted hair was distressed in a mad fury; his dark brown suit was several sizes too small and his boots were too large.  The round-rimmed spectacles he had clamped upon his face were crooked at a sharp angle.
We spoke of other things: the poor condition of the gables and the splendour of its garden.  When Gregson mentioned Victor, it was with pride and love, and it filled my soft romantic heart with pleasure to hear him talk so.
“Oh, well, yes,” replied Stone.  “The owner – who is our friend, you know! – has been given the most
I couldn't help but laugh.  “Oh, ow, my head.”
My lips trailed slowly up his neck, across his throat, under his chin, under his bottom lip.  His eyes were tightly shut, his breath erratic, and his fingers curled around my upper arms as if to sever circulation.
“Yes,” I chuckle.
I watched the little man for several moments.  “No.  He's gazing at the door.  He's two steps forward, three steps back.  He is really quite bizarre.  Oh, he is leaving.  There.  He's gone.”  I shook my head.  “Holmes, should I follow him?”
with the good Dr. Watson.”
Victor was still obediently sat by the window as we traipsed to the gate a full half-an-hour later.  He met us at the door, with his expression telling us all we wished to know.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Yes.
translates to
I took some comfort in the fact that Holmes seemed not overly dismayed by this new twist.  He whistled as he put away his shirts and replaced his razor on the wash stand.  He hummed a waltz whilst turning to his remaining correspondence, as our landlady brought us tea and listened to our Surrey news.
“Stone's confession will exonerate the lady,” my friend replied.  “He in turn will face the full front of the law.  As for the skull, it remains in Dawkins' keep for the time being.  I think perhaps it will end up as an exhibit in the British Museum, if the experts have their way.  How about that, my dear fellow?  You'll be able to pay visits to 'Bugalugs'.”
yet to Victor,” said Holmes, tapping two of the bundles together.
“I am very sorry, Gregson,” I replied, “it is just this murder case.  I have no idea what's going on.”
He propelled me through the gate and up the path to the front door.
There was a longer wait.  I rang the bell again.  I frowned, looked at my watch, and rang once more.
slipper, Watson, and a
.  The looping script at once familiar; a cavalcade of memory.  I turned them over in my hands.  I looked at Holmes.
“Yes.  You can leave.”
“Now, Mr. Holmes, sir, would you care...?” Stone offered.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I was not intending to
“Yes, I know.”
“I realise now how very mad it sounds,” he said, his cheeks a flush.  “But Gypsy May was so emphatic, and it made sense at the time.  I am very much afraid that I have made a fool out of myself.”
“Was it, really?”
“What on earth is going on?” I said.
We rolled.
“Oh yes,” said she, “I know the gentleman.  He is a patient here.  He changed addresses fairly recently, I think.”
“We haven't moved a thing, Mr. Holmes.  Everything remains as it was.  Well, apart from those damned books that I just knocked over, but my eyes can't be everywhere at once.  The rug here is rather rucked, as you can see, but no, we found no traces of a fight or anything like that.”
“John, please make it stop,” said Holmes.  “Throw a shoe, or a book or your pillow.”
“That is better,” said Mr. Talmadge.  “Now I can see.”  He spent a further moment wrestling self-consciously with his trousers, twisting this way and that as if he wished us not to set sight on his socks.
“Good night.”
“You... have a little curl,” said he.
Rusty was sitting outside on the pavement, with his eyes fixed to the door.  Above him, nailed quite crudely to the brick, a small and flaking painted sign.
“I shall throw them in the brazier,” I said.  “And we'll have done with them.”
Eldritch,” said Holmes.  “We are on something of a quicksand.  Is there no reply yet from that bungler, Lestrade?  That's a nuisance.”
“I shall speak with Miss Jane tomorrow,” said Holmes.  “And the cook – Sally – she does not reside here either, is that correct?  But she is present during the day to prepare any meals that are required?  Hum, yes.  Very well.  I wonder what the pair of them might have really seen or heard.”
He hid his face beneath his arm.  “I am too thin,” he said.
“No, I have not,” I said.  “Holmes, that's very kind of you, and dinner would be wonderful.”
you.”
“And I was thinking you a virgin,” I said softly.
“I'll have the leek and mushroom pie,” I said, “with roasted brussels sprouts and mashed potatoes.”
“Our room,” I repeated softly.  “Yes, of course.  You remembered its
“Aye, right enough.”
“That is as maybe,” I said, “but, but... you shouldn't alter a fellow's speeches, you know, it really isn't--”
-------------------------------------------------------
“I imagine that it does,” he said.
clean in here at all?
We chuckled.
“I bloody haven't, have I.  He's a dirty little puzzle.  And you're no better.”
“Someone as highly-strung, you mean,” said Holmes, his upper lip curled, baring teeth.  “Someone as
“I have been thinking,” he replied in a proud muffle through a mouthful of dressing-gown.
immediately.  Across the pond, sat on a different bench: a small and dapper man, his back set ramrod straight, both hands upon his knees, and spatted-shoes set close together.  In curiosity I watched him, for he poked out like a sore thumb in this quaint, old-fashioned village.  A strange specimen indeed: he owned a marvellous moustache, which perched and coiled upon his lip like a small octopus in fury.  His eyes returned my gaze for a brief second, whereupon he started up, brushed down his suit, and walked away in tight neat steps from whence he came.
“Holmes,” I said, “it is too early in the morning for me to face interrogation.”  I took a mouthful from my fork.  “But do keep talking, if it pleases you.”
“All right,” said he.  He took his coat up from the chair where he had thrown it at some point, and snatched his hat.  In quiet obedience he followed me out of the room and down the stairs, and out into the street.  We set off on our way to Regents Park, dodging the Sunday stragglers, and awkward both, the pair of us.  I had never felt this way of any man before; the wanting, of a sudden, to be romantically engaged.  All my encounters in the past had been so brutal; brief, and loveless.  But with Holmes?  My whole self
And here we were, at last: the moment.  I pressed inside him, slowly, achingly.  He whimpered, breath in shocks, lowered a hand to take control.  “Bear down,” I said.  He did so; dragged his nails across my shoulders, clamped me the tighter with his legs.  Oh, god, the feel of him; the heat, the sweat, the
Holmes lay there, still and quiet, his grey eyes blinking, and it took all of my strength to step away, to draw a breath, to take a suck upon my pipe.  I heard him shuffle to his feet and step a small distance away.  “You'd better leave,” he said.
“Yes.”
Holmes thought about this for a minute or two.  At length, a smile came to his face.
I looked at him: every inch the sulking child in a poor temper for no reason.  I knew full well that the festive season was prone to bringing out either the very worst or very best of any man.  In Sherlock Holmes, there poured forth both in equal measure; and today, rather unfortunately, more of the former.  There was still some coffee in the breakfast pot.  I poured a fresh hot cup, dropped in one sugar cube, and ferried it to the sofa in the hope of faint appeasement.  Holmes accepted it, begrudgingly and silently.
“Back to the sitting room.  I'm bored with chasing documents.  There's whisky to be had.”  He clutched the bottle and was gone, to leave me picking up the lamp and throwing one last mournful look upon the chaos we'd created and were abandoning, it seemed.
“No!  Well, perhaps.  At least, I didn't.”
Pike chuckled to himself.  His long fingers curled around his upper arms, as if in self-congratulation.
I laughed, long and loud.  He looked fairly alarmed.  “You informed me that I had been in Afghanistan,” I said, still chuckling.  “That was quite true.  Could you explain how you determined that?”
nice to see you, Dr. Watson,” she said, rustling her skirts as we both tramped our boots up seventeen steep steps to Sherlock Holmes.
The elder Holmes trod forward.  He surveyed us, and he positively stared at me.
I listened, quite enchanted, as he expounded.  I had never heard him wax as poetic.  I was in awe.  He stopped to examine it closely again.
Some long time later, we were dressed and taking breakfast by the window, quite demure, as if the solitary thing that passed between us was the weather.  Every now and then we'd catch each other's eye and smile, our hearts full with the lark of it.  If I had known, let's say, two months ago, that I would be here now, in love – post coital! – with a man, I would have doubted my own sanity.  But here I was, in love, and with my head filled to capacity with sex and its peripheries.
A smile; a small flicker.  “You are welcome.”
The breakfast table now cleared, I glanced at the letter from Surrey still unopened upon it.
“Oh, I suppose.”  I stubbed my cigarette, and yawned.  “I've no real business until ten.”
Holmes and I exchanged wry glances, for it seemed the oddest thing to do.
“It is an envelope,” I said.  “The ink is black, and, er, the stamp is somewhat crooked.”
“Good gracious, Holmes,” I said, “what an extraordinary turnabout!  How
I felt my eyelids drooping.  I heard Holmes's tut and huff.
“Oh, did he really!”
Whereupon his stout legs buckled and he tumbled to our carpet.
, don't touch it.  Don't move.”
“Yes.  What
I rolled up the shirt-sleeve as far as it went.  A small white pad tied around with a linen strip met my eye.
We burst out laughing, and it cleared some of the tension in the air.
“Holmes,” I attempted.  “Your behaviour...”
.  I can't just...”
The ham and eggs and pickles were very welcome.  We enjoyed a second pot of coffee while we listened to the tidywork.  The floors were swept, the fires were lit, the kitchen tables were scrubbed down.  Little enough to do, indeed, for being here two days.
That led us to the sitting-room, brandy glasses by our side.  I lit a cigarette and sucked at it, all nerves, goodness knows why.  I tossed the bundle on the table; it made a deadened, heavy sound, and startled both of us, I think.
“Did he usually open his study windows at night?”
I sulked 'til Sunday, when I shook myself; decided that my dignity be damned, I'd go to see him, invite him
“He's interfering.  He always thinks he knows what's best for me.”
“The future?  How do you mean?  When you retire?”
It was a busy night.
My friend shook his head.  I found myself wanting.  Nodding, I watched in emerging dismay as our man in green velvet tipped forward the pot, to pour out a half-cup of a similar hue.
Isobel and Jane had paid attention all through dinner, and now with coffee in the sitting-room, they sat on either side of my suspicious self and played at the coquette.  How ladies talk so!  All the questions made my head spin.  There was a rivalry between them, it appeared, with Isobel the elder making a greater play and fight for my attention.  Anstruther meanwhile sat and chuckled in amusement to himself, winked at his wife and shook his head, as if to say
“At least not before giving you a thorough mauling,” I retorted, and I stood up from my chair.  Holmes watched me as I opened our bay window for whatever breeze it might allow.  I inhaled the morning air, so fresh and pleasant.
you that in the future you take far greater care.”
“What a lovely thing a rose is,” Holmes began.
I reared my head, for Holmes was rarely quite so vocal on the matter.  I confess, his words affected me.
“What do you
He waved his hands in my direction.  “I put my fingers in the paint can by mistake, and now they're all covered in
“And the pleases and thank yous?”
“A firearm?” he interrupted.  “Or, do you mean you have a temper?”
Pike's hair was longer than before, if such a feat were even possible.  His mouth flapped around his face as if it might wish to fly away just to escape its narrow confines.  He was dressed in an extraordinary outfit: some dark green velvet, a tapered collar, an absurd white ruffle at the cuffs.
Upon my word, he was well-favoured, though.  His eyes were grey and piercing and deep-set; his brows were thick, his nose was hawk-like, and his chin had both a prominence and squareness.  All this, set to a fresh-faced youthful air, for he was but a few years younger than myself, in his mid-20s, I should say, with sleek black hair swept back.  His dress was prim and scrupulous.  I admired him, therefore, and wondered what he made of me.
“Since January,” he replied.  He told a tale of how he came to meet the owner, Mrs. Hudson; of some small business with her husband (sadly no longer alive), and how she treated him much as an errant son, in fondly scolding him for messes and mishaps.  I could see the evidence of these: the acid stains upon the table, and the ash upon the rug, and papers, papers, everywhere, and books and scrolls to fair abundance.
I was smiling.
“At some point, John,” said he, “perhaps not now, but in the future, we might live together, mightn't we.”
try it, with my fingers up
“Mr. Holmes is ill?” she questioned.
He tutted softly.  “I just explained.  Must I repeat myself?”  He paused then and took pity.  “It is my business,” he said gently.  “I am...” (and here, a longer pause) “... a consulting detective.”
knew, Mr. Holmes?”
do?” I asked.  “Are you a politician, too?”
“You miss your brother,” he said softly.
Holmes touched our young friend's arm.
We waited.
“Remove your clothes.  Over there so I can see,” I said, pointing to the amber of the lamp upon the table.
I nodded, and my heart dropped to my boots, for what could he be planning to reveal?  I worried silently.  I found myself distracted to the point where all the words within the book that I was reading upturned to inane mumbo-jumbo, and I had turned a dozen pages not absorbing anything.  I lit the lamps and closed the curtains, and then could only sit and wait.  My feelings for my friend had grown the stronger; he filled my mind and lovesick soul.  I ached and pined and was a sorry mess, but did not know what I might do, for fear of making this sad situation worse.  We sat to dinner, then, and fumbled through a turn of normalcy that fooled precisely neither one.
I tutted in annoyance and embarrassment.
“Stop showing off,” I said.
“What a pile of old tat,” said my friend by my side.  “Well, let's go in.”
“I beg your pardon, what?”
I found him in a disused room, outlined with cardboard boxes, empty shelves.  He'd picked his way through to the window, and was standing there, his tall frame cloaked in shadow, and the smoke from his lit cigarette in wreaths above his head.  I shut the door for some small privacy.
.”  And he looked at me anew, his head a-tilt.
Two squeezes back.  I smiled then, too.
,” I said, but he had scattered for the stairs, was heading down them even as I spoke his name.  I followed, dazed, and caught him at our bedroom door.
Holmes held the phial aloft, up to the light, and turned it this way and the next.
I brushed some small and clinging crumbs of treacle tart from off my waistcoat.  “Then where are we exactly with this problem, Holmes?  Your suspicions lie with Eldritch?”
Lestrade's small office, in point of fact, was in a perpetual state of chaos.  His surfaces were never anything less than a whirling bedlam.  The floor was worse.  Files and teetering stacks of books surrounded us in dire threat.  The feeling was claustrophobic to the point where I sidled softly to the door and thrust my head out to the corridor, to inhale a breath of space.
Those eyes of his, grey, and heavy-lidded, gazing up at me.
Country birdsong is melodious but, rather more, it is insistent.  Holmes and I were woken early the next morning by some brash species perched in a tree outside our window.  The news it wished to tell us seemed most urgent, for it did not slow its trill until the both of us stirred upright in our bed.
I held him all the tighter then.
Holmes nodded solemnly.  “On Thursday.  I was threatened with a black eye and a broken nose.  He may not be aware, though, that I am a clever boxer who could fell him without taking half a breath.  It didn't come to that,” he added, “he scuttled off before I had a chance to tell him so.”
“Don't be so peevish,” I said – and I stuck out my tongue.
“But... but...” I snatched up the envelope.  “It is postmarked.  You must have posted it?”
Inside the Blue Room, with the door closed and we two alone for a quiet moment, I turned around.
“Good afternoon,” said he, “I do hope I'm not disturbing you.  It's an urgent matter, otherwise I should not have ventured out this far.  You are in danger, Mr. Holmes!  Your very life!”
“There is something that I cannot put my finger on yet,” said Holmes.
Well, if I told him, he might swallow half his tongue, so I just smiled and changed the subject.  Fresh spring flowers would be lovely for the surgery!
He drew away from me.  His face, a transmutation: delicate, devout, divine.
I bowed my head.  “Mrs. Hudson, a good evening.”
“I want my breakfast,” I said firmly.  “Will we need to pack our bags again?  The twelve-thirty will be perfect.”
“Please, Mr. Bruce, you must not blame yourself,” said Victor Burroughs.  He rose from his chair and walked across to his wretched cousin.  “My aunt was not in the best of health.  It could have happened at any time.”
Holmes looked away, uncomfortable.  “Yes.”  He turned his head to me again.  “To make me aerodynamic,” he repeated, as if I were so incredibly dense.
“I was in the middle of a
“Watson,” he said, reaching out a hand to shake my own.  “I'm very glad that you could come.  How are you finding the Green Room?  Not too large for you, I hope?”
“Watson.” A heartbeat, then:  “You are looking very fine.”
“I know.”
He sighed, in great pain, for the latter came hard to his bohemian soul.  He thrust the sheet into an envelope, addressed it, and then held it out.  “Go on, Watson, I implore you.”
“That compliment was double-edged,” I said, and laughed.
“Good god, now, Watson,” said my friend, “we've done it in.”  He started giggling.
“Holmes,” I said, “I admire how you remain able to contort yourself just so, but you are sitting in the dark.  Whatever for?  You are not, to the best of my knowledge, a
“Oh,” said my friend.  He sounded thoughtful.  “The letters stop in 1882.”  He paused once more.  “Thank you.”
on her face that poor Jane described to me.  My aunt was scared out of her wits.”
I was touched by my friend's words.  Very few years ago such a kind gesture might not have occurred, as elevated as his mind was above the human state of feeling and compassion.  I could not help but smile, despite my sadness at the news.
“Not at all.  I rather prefer you in a state of déshabillé.”
I improvised.  I have no recollection of the words I may have said, if they bore any faint resemblance to my original care-wrought speech, but at any rate, I improvised.  I may have babbled.  I do recall that both my palms were clammy, and my eyes rolled in their sockets.  I accepted my award at last, and bolted to my seat.
“No, not yet.”  Holmes turned and smiled.  “A few days more, then we shall see.”
A myriad of monstrous notions flashed their way across my mind.
There was a loud clang from the kitchen, as that of a saucepan descending to tile.  A muffled screech, a stifled oath, a pause, the sound of running water.
“He told you that much, eh?  It's true.  For yes, he's living as a man now, and has done for many years.”  Adams looked at me.  “Not shocked, eh, Watson?  Ah, old chum, I didn't think you would be.”
have a Christmas card, but all
“Holmes,” I said.
“That was my plan all along,” Holmes replied.  “So I am glad you approve.”  He swept out an arm.  “The main difference is that our writing desks are in the library now.  And, of course, the lab has its own separate space.”
Dessert arrived.  We neither of us had much appetite, engaged as we both were upon our wooing.
At last, inside his sitting-room.
, as you so put it.”
“Not unless the lady relapses.”
In the short interval that followed I took my bags up to my bedroom, shucked my overcoat and hat and combed my hair.  Several minutes later, I was back with Holmes again.  I made directly for the tea table, and straightened my friend's plate.  Returning to the fireside, I smiled and warmed my hands.
He looked up with a start.  “I beg your pardon?”
Impossible memories.  Put them to rest.
But then – a darting movement from the other side; a figure gliding rapidly towards him.  It was Miss Cooper, dressed in purple, with a bustle that might have harboured a small child had she so wished it.  She came to rest in front of Holmes; they exchanged words.  I heard her laugh: a shrill cacophony, much as a laying hen might make, or worse.  I watched them stroll away, her arm in his.  I felt a pang of jealousy so sharp and bitter that it pooled upon my tongue.  I stood there, numb, behind my tree, and remained so for minutes more until I spurred myself to move, retrace my steps onto the lawn.
“Yes.  Well, it is all in the past.”
“Holmes?”
He peeped up from his mound of striped cotton.
“It's sore.  I hate you,” I informed him.
“I've just one thing to say, John Watson,” said my friend.
, Miss Marsh.”
“I am here,” he said slowly.  “So I suppose you mean, there, with you.”  He sighed, and heaved himself up.  Two steps, and he had landed, his left arm slung around my shoulder, his right still clutching at his pipe.  “John, this is not even remotely comfortable.  We are entirely too old for this.”
“I suppose the rug will be replaced,” I said.  “It's covered with acid burns.  And the lampshade is full of dents.”  I looked at Holmes sternly.  “Your fault.”
“Watson, I'm ravenous,” said he.  “It must be all this country air.  I always knew there was a reason why I loathed it.”
“You feel so good,” I said.
, and then there's me with these crooked teeth and these old clothes, and ah, I felt embarrassed after so many years.  I drew up the courage today, though.  But what for, eh, what for.”
I was about to turn, to leave again, when:  “Holmes,” I said – for it had slipped from my mind – “what of the case?”
“Oh no, it's neither of those things.”  I laughed.  “I really have a bull pup.  His name is Max.  He would adore this fire of yours.  He'd curl in front of it and snooze away for hours.  He snores, you know, and chases rabbits in his sleep.”
Holmes rolled his eyes.  “They will be stirring
“All right, guv?” my driver queried.
“Holmes,” I said beseechingly, “are you on some form of stimulant?”
At four o'clock the concert ended, and we staggered out, punch-drunk on string vibration.
“Well, I imagine that he has other things to do, besides sitting in that office pile and waiting for our telegrams,” I said.  “Oh, and before I forget to say, we have baked potatoes and fish for our dinner tonight.”
“Watson,” said he, “are you in want of another tingle?”
Then breakfast came, at eight o'clock.  Benevolent and beaming, Mrs. Hudson brought the dishes through and placed them on the table.  “You'll be moving in, then Dr. Watson?” she enquired.
“Oh.” I said.  “I'm sor-- I mean, all right.”
I carried it to the door and down the stairs and to the threshold, where I knocked upon the parlour.
I was so puzzled by this point that I looked to my friend for help.
“It is
He chuckled as he fastened up his trousers, and I busied with my own.  We sprawled back down.  He lit his pipe, I drained my brandy glass.  The letters on the table now ignored, of little consequence and brazier-bound.  And together we sat, peaceful, as the late evening turned to night.
“If you happen to go out into the street, you'll be mistaken for an Old English Sheepdog, and you'll be locked up as a stray in the Battersea pound.”
“If the worst comes to the worst,” I said, “we can cook our own meal, and we can light our own fires.  A temporary situation,” I added then, as I saw Holmes's flinch in horror.
Pike lifted languid eyes up to my friend.  He assumed a mournful moue.
“The two are scarcely comparable,” my friend said, with some feeling.  He saw my face.  “Oh, please don't pout, John.  Dogs are dependent.  They smell.  They shed.”
I was beside myself with pleasure, now finding out that yes, I liked this, and that yes, this teasing turned me on as nothing had before.
“Dr. John Watson!”  The rain of applause!  My friend beside me, clapping also!
“So you are only analytical by day,” I said.  “By night, you are a babelard.”
“I don't understand why he should mail you his blood,” I replied, all my thoughts in a spin.
I stared at him in disbelief.  “You stole important evidence?”
I had to wonder if I'd been plucked out from this world into a strange, forbidding universe that was quite parallel to our usual.
, then, and that would have to be enough.
“She can't join in,” I said.
a fine welcome.  Are you sulking, still?  Look at your face, I've never seen a sourer mug than yours.”  He chuckled.  (As my expression did not alter, he grew serious.)  “Here, John, don't be like this.  I don't know what the hell's gone wrong, but I've thought this through, and want to say--”
“You looked so peaceful, and besides, it's early yet.”  I chewed my toast and thought a moment.  “What did you mean when you called Holmes a
“Yes.  He is in a filthy temper now.  I left before he could throw his lamp at my head.  I pity the next fellow who walks in through his door.”
arse.”
The cold and bitter morning woke us well before six-thirty.  We wrapped our blankets high and heavy, and smoked a cigarette together.
“Five years,” he says then.
“I hope so, perhaps.”
“Oh blast it,” said my friend.  “I appear to have constructed the equivalent of Sing Sing.”
“We got there in the end,” I say.  “It could have taken ten.”
“I know.”
We looked into each other's eyes then, and the moment stuck – vibrated – and I found my heart was beating rather more quickly than it ought.
you're not.”
“The old lady in black?  Well, she was in evidence before we ever got there, do remember.”
Holmes shook his head.  “Another time.  I won that round.”  He sniffed.  “You exaggerate your war wound.”
It was, in fact, quite worse than that.  The lumber room at Baker Street was filled to great capacity with stacks of books, newspapers, chests and furniture.  It stretched towards the ceiling and it cluttered on the floor.  The room was large; it made no matter.  We had stuffed it full regardless.
I went inside.
“What the devil are you doing!  Holmes!  My god!”
, I said silently.  The words dropped mute and sullen, not revealing for whose benefit they were.
“But Holmes,” I said, quite dizzily, “what in god's name is that thing?”
He lifted off.  I half regretted it.
“My brother, late for lunch again, no doubt,” said Mycroft Holmes.
Dinner was at seven, and Mrs. Hudson was in a state of pique as she slapped the dishes round us.
“I do like Wagner.  Very much,” said he.  “But Watson, this is not a good idea.”
Spencer pulled the front door smartly shut.  We watched him as he fumbled with his key, and then start to stride away towards the town.  He looked back and snapped his fingers in impatience.  He whistled loudly.
- END -
“How so?”
I never knew that one short syllable could stretch out so sarcastically.
“I have a pack of playing cards,” I said.
I shook my head in sympathy.  “He will not listen to you?  He will follow his own theories, then.”
A sound escaped my throat.  “And did you like it?”
“I am afraid so, Holmes.”
of your moping, of your total
“You're right,” said Holmes, “it
“We are staying at the Burroughs' gables,” said my friend conversationally.  “How beautiful the gardens are these days!  I don't suppose that you know the name of the fellow who worked there?”
I nodded ruefully.  “He says he has an elder brother, have you met him?”
very odd.”
“Watson,” he said.
Miss Worthington departed on his arm, leaving just two of us around the cocktail table.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Yes,” said Holmes cautiously.  “I liked all of that.”  He thought for a moment.  “But I stand firm in my belief that Christmas pudding is yucky.”
I moved towards him, and he scrambled up.  He pulled me down, and launched himself on top of me.  “If you don't take me soon,” he said, “I'm going to erupt.”  He started laughing as he squeezed me at the ribs.  “John, you are
Why do all of these inns have ridiculous names?”
“Why's that?”
I dozed, and dreamed of wardrobes: an entire room of chipped mahogany spilling great piles of fur and lace upon the floorboards, neverending.  Of my trying to fill my arms with all of this and some of that, and to push it back inside each cabinet to no avail.  The clothes kept falling, spreading out, an endless task.
“Indeed they were, Dr. Watson.  By this gentleman here, more's the shame.  Five of them, all filled up with flour and water, and then just left to set solid.  There's flour all over the kitchen floor, and a puddle on my table top.  What will you say for yourself, Mr. Holmes?”
We fashioned a small space to play our card game, and set to, making no comment on the carnage near the window.
I arrived a little before nine.  I rang the bell, and Mrs. Hudson came to answer it.  Her face creased into worry when she saw me.
He picked at the linen, unwrapped it and at last plucked it free.
He smirked.
Or perhaps you'd prefer a younger H&W, still living at 221B, running around solving cases?
I was fast, but not fast enough, as Holmes dodged away from the stretch of my hand.
She smiled and nodded.
An eyelid twitch; a mumble.
– accepted it.  He sat beside me on the bed and leaned towards me for a light.  I held a match and lit his cigarette.  He leaned back on one elbow, smoking slowly, eyes upon me.
“Holmes,” I hissed, “you utter swine.  You utter, utter, blazing swine.”
Two days!
“I do hope so,” I said, throwing him a look.  He caught it blinkingly, and nodded, before turning to the door and stepping out.  The door clicked shut.  I was alone again.
“Well, it depends on what you
“You most certainly will not.”
Our evening was delightful.  The meal at Simpson's was delicious: fried scallops, and a light grilled Dover Sole for our main course, with something rather piquant in white wine.  The “drama” at the Griswald was one by a leading playwright, and well acted; so it was that we arrived home by eleven, entertained and fully sated.
The food, the wine and the excitement all culminated in my sleeping very little in our Blue Room that night.  I rose and smoked a cigarette in a chair set by the window, and watched the winking quarter-moon out through the curtain crack.  At some mid point before the dawn my friend rose up to sit with me.
“My word,” said Holmes, “don't say that Spencer saw us from this distance.”
“You won't have to.”
“Oh dear,” I said.  “Not the elbow.  She must have been very angry.”
And Sherlock Holmes leaned over, smiling, his lips pressed to my ear.  “
cake, and sugar biscuits,” he said meekly.
“Very soon,” I said.  “I love you, please remember that.”
“It is not what you think!” he squeaked shrilly, indignant.  He hesitated then.  “What
He blinked at me.  “I thought that much was obvious.”
“Holmes,” I said, once we were back inside the hall, “do you suppose that Mycroft
I knew, then.  Somehow, I just knew.
We lay together, skin on skin, caressing slowly, kissing often.  We cupped each other, stroked and played until we both were hard and wanting.  I slithered down the bed and touched him with my tongue; he jerked and gasped, clutching my hair.  “John,
I had no polite answer for that.
“Yes,” said Holmes.  “He does.”
“I am sorry to disturb you, Dr. Watson,” said the girl, “but there has been a telegram.”
“I felt a tingle,” I repeated sullenly.  “I don't know what else I can tell you.”
it, Mr. Holmes?”
said...”
Holmes reached out to pat the lady's arm.  “It is quite all right.  Now, listen to me, I want you to write down a precise description of the skull as you remember it.  Yes, I know that you have told us once before, but it is nice to have things written down, I think.  Would you be so kind?  Thank you.  Here is my notebook and a pencil.”
“Your powers of deduction are awe-inspiring.”
“I changed my mind,” I said.  “So, have you seen him?  Is he here?”
“Holmes!” I said.  “I'm home.  Are you asleep?”
I knew where I should
“I think not, but thank you all the same.”
“No.”  He sounded utterly distraught.  “Oh, no, no, no.”
“What did you mean back then,” I said, plucking two red-ripe tomatoes from the bowl, “when you asked me if I'd sorted through those papers that you're moving?”
And then the clock struck on the hour.
“Then I will show you out again,” said he.  “I cannot tolerate a snoop.”
We talked between us, then, of London, of our work and our acquaintances.  I found Holmes solid company, inquisitive and humorous.  He dissected all the guests within the room, to my delight.  Perhaps I learned more than I should have done; at least I would not tell.  I asked him something of his own life; he was taciturn and vague.  He had grown up here, in this house, 'til university, which was a lonely time for him, so far away from home, and yet – “It was the making of me, Watson,” he declared.  “It taught me many things eventually, not least of which that, yes, in fact, I
“It doesn't matter,” he said softly.
“Yes.  Bugalugs is the name of the skull, sir.  That is the name my father gave it.  I can hardly be held responsible for-- Mr. Holmes!  You are
“Come here.”
“Oh, John, I am sorry, but that was just what I needed,” said he.  “I don't remember you using that precise turn of phrase before now.”
Holmes took me by the arm and drew me gently down the street towards an idling hansom cab.
We did not speak until we entered Regents Park.
“Very much.”  He hesitated.  “Kiss me, John.”
“Never mind about dinner,” I said sternly.  “What is
“What?”
He tapped my nose.
“It was an interesting ten minutes, at least,” replied Holmes.  “Now, whatever was I doing before all of that?  Watson?”
Gregson all this time was eyeing each of us in turn.  His mouth was downturned.  “Are you busy, John?”
“I love you too.”
...', I shook myself upright.
Holmes started, as did I.
“It tells me that Spencer is running short of money and he has resorted to hocking his valuables,” I replied.
“Why don't you take a guess,” he said again.
The curtained room was locked.  Disappointed, I turned away.  Holmes was behind me.
Holmes gave me a sharp look.
Sherlock Holmes drew in a breath and held it there some length of time, the course of which I watched him both with fascination and alarm.  Just at the point where I believed he should turn dizzy and lightheaded, he exhaled.  “I have to find it, all the same,” said he.
“John,
“I do not.”  I scowled.  “Sometimes you guess solutions.”
We piled our luggage in the hall, and trooped inside the dining room.  Speaking of Dooley – there he was, one of the stragglers for breakfast, spooning out some kedgeree.
nervous.”
“Damn you,” I whispered.  I bit at his ear.  I tormented his neck.  “Damn you.”
“Oh, Holmes,” I said, “did you mean this?”
, my god.”
The fog grew denser, it obscured all, everything.  I spun around, called out for Holmes and by his first name.
“You are optimistic, then?”
That was the problem with old Stamford, I mused happily, much later, as I brushed my teeth and put myself to bed.  He always was a chap to leap to all the wrong conclusions and then adhere to those beliefs, no matter what his friends might say.  This speculation, now – what piffle! – and I chuckled at the thought of it.  Sherlock Holmes was comely, yes, but gracious me, I could not tolerate the man.  Tomorrow, then, we'd speak; no doubt the pair of us would barely remain civil; then we'd part, and I'd return to Upper Wimpole Street, and then in probability, the fellow would switch practices – quite quietly, without a fuss – and that would be the end of it.
His armpit is the nearer.  Musk and damp and sweet and sour.  I consider it ambrosial!
I climbed them on my tip-toes, and I did not know quite why.  The door to Holmes's sitting-room was open, and I paused there on the mat and peeped inside.
Holmes noted this, but to his credit he said nothing; curved a smile and bit his lip.  “I still want more of you,” he said.  “It's this spring weather.  I'm in flux.”
“Yes, oh, you must remember the fellow.  A notorious poisoning case, five years ago.  My evidence helped to put the crook behind bars.  He was released early, on account of good behaviour, a few days ago.”  Holmes snorted.  “'Good behaviour'!  Pah!  I had best make a note in my Index before I forget.”
He huffed a laugh and shook his head.  “Oh, never mind.”
“Dr. Watson,” said Gregson, quite sharply and breaking my spell, “you are not paying even the
I offered him my hand.  “I am John Watson.  I am a guest here for the weekend,” I explained.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
My friend smiled.  “This was Stone at his very cleverest.  But we are jumping three steps ahead.  Let us retrace.  Stone, with his existing and considerable talent as a hypnotist, had found a wormhole in Mrs. Barker.  On his first visit, he ascertained her susceptibility to hypnosis.  Having proven so absorbent, Stone had set the wheels in motion.  Placing Mrs. Barker in a remote hypnotic state, he determined information and so placed his next instruction: for Mrs. Barker to lace her master's evening meal with some mild sedative that should not be detected.  And then, that night, for her to murder him in his drugged state, and to reset the room as if the killer had absconded through the window, the room itself securely locked.  Mrs. Barker, still under the influence of her hypnosis, would then take the skull and pass it to Stone who was waiting outside in a predetermined location.  The deal was now done.  Jacob Stone removed all traces of the memory of her crime, but fed her a false set of movements for the duration of the evening.  The lady returned inside and resumed her normal duties.  And so, a short while later, the discovery was made.
wasting your time.”
“I would not care to see you with a broken neck upon the pavement...”
“I am reading it over again,” said he.  “Wait a minute.”
I was now inside his room for the first time.  I looked around.  A dressing table, chairs, and wardrobe, lamps, and yet more bookshelves, crammed.  A large bed, neatly made, against one wall.  I looked at Holmes.
“It's not your fault,” said he.  “You mustn't pay me any mind when I'm like this.  I must go out.  I shan't be long.  At least, I
Holmes's hand stretched out to catch my wrist.
Well, there is someone I must visit near Pall Mall, a little later on.  I have some letters I must write.  I must read the papers once you've finished them – the agony column of
“I haven't shaved.”  Stating the obvious.
“We must deal with Spencer,” said my friend.  “This will be interesting.”
“Ah!” I remembered then.  “The cubbyhole.”
Mr. Sloan took a deep breath and then exhaled.  He examined his umbrella, and gazed upon the trail of water that lay in wide concentric circles, so chronicling his tour about the room.
“I am sorry, old man, but I cannot allow it.  No, don't glare at me like that.  I shall do it.”
Holmes propped his elbows on his knees and thrust his face into his hands.
He fell back, gasping, to the sheet.  I lay there, dazed, whatever else?  I looked across.  We caught each other's eye, and grinned.
-----------------------------------------
“Again!” said Holmes.
“I really think that it is.”
True enough.
“Offering our assistance, in the event it is needed,” replied Holmes.  “Really, Lestrade, you shouldn't scowl.  If the wind changes, you'll be stuck like that.  Now, then.  The body was discovered in this room, I think that's correct?”
“I have less than no idea,” said Holmes.  His fingers flickered at my trouser front.  “Oh-ho, I can feel it.  How about if I.... hmm?”
of that.  It's tedious.  We've years to catch up on, with
“What do we
“No, Holmes,” I replied, “I don't suppose that you do.”
Holmes had supped two cups of coffee and had smoked three cigarettes.
I stood over my friend as he sat at his desk with his pen in his hand, his tongue sticking out as he pouted in thought.
“Yes.”  He smiled, and rose to pick his shedded clothes up from the floor.  He brushed them down, and shrugged.  He took my hand and helped me up.  “Go fetch your coat, John, if we're going out.”
Back out in the street, I turned to Holmes, whose mood was now quite petulant.
“No, Mycroft, thank you,” said my friend in an odd tone.  “We had best be leaving.  Please extend our warm regards to dear Sophronia and Jeremiah.”
“Ugh!
I folded my arms, sucked my pipe and considered.
,” as my tongue pressed against his entrance, probing deftly, and he was writhing now, and groaning very freely, curses, pleas and declarations, as I brought him to the brink.
The lady was introduced to us as Mrs. Matilda Barker.  She was a slight-framed, timid woman of middle-age, and had been weeping, for her eyes were raw and red-rimmed.  Her hands shook so around her teacup that she could barely take a sip.  The poor lady set to wailing all the louder when she saw us.
“I fancy it is blood,” said he.
Holmes tutted in annoyance.
My companion sighed.  “I mentioned that this fellow helped me with a case quite recently.  We met here, to go over the finer details.  You may guess the rest, John, if you care to.”
Poor man.
I nodded in amusement at his unusual turn of phrase, finding the idea a pleasant one, for the day was bright and blue, the sun coquettish through the puff-clouds.  Observing my friend as he smoked his clay pipe, I saw that he was wearing his tie-pin, my gift.  I could scarce conceal my pleasure at this, at realising he admired it and had not been merely humouring my fancy.  That he was fond enough to wear it on a Sunday, best of all.
Holmes, to my surprise, appeared to have anticipated this.
“In fact, it did,” I said.  I sipped my glass of whisky.  “We are a couple now, in fact.”
“Your initials are embossed upon your bag,” my friend replied.  “Your surname, I confess, was uncovered merely by research.  You are this gentleman's adoptive mother.”
been?”
“I'll drop by again tomorrow,” I continued.  “Perhaps a little later in the morning, if that suits you.”
“No,” said Holmes.  “There is no jam.”  He scowled as I began to move away.  “
“But the Blue is so tiny!” he said.  “And, well, it is a twin-bedded room, and I thought...?”
“It is all starting to make sense,” I said.  “But, my goodness, how will you break the news to Victor?  For the son will surely have the greater claim upon this house and its effects?  He is certain to contest the will, Holmes.  Whatever can we do?”  I thought for a moment.  “If it
I was very much alarmed, ten minutes later, by an explosive pop, and Holmes's scream in answer.  Then, for a long interval, I heard his peaceful humming, and decided that the disaster had abated.
“If there's one thing I can't stand,” said my companion as we slowly separated, “it's the smell of burning sausages before I've washed my face.”  He heaved himself out of the bed and stood there, naked, proud and flexing.  I admired him.  I lit a cigarette and watched him bustle crabwise to the wash stand.  The water shocked him into wakefulness.  He rattled through his wardrobe and emerged in a clean shirt and suit.  He sat upon the bed to tie his laces.  “Are you getting up at all?”
He batted at me feebly.
Perhaps she knew.  I think she did.  She exhaled a shaken breath, and shuffled through and to a chair.  We sat on either side, Holmes calm and passive to my puzzled state.
