Mobile, John thinks. Floor. He touches Sherlock's side: sweet. "Shh." Mumbling, lips thick. "Mrs. Hudson."
. His hand slipping down: Sherlock's damp, soft back. He swallows, then says, "I wasn't sure that you knew."
"No," Sherlock agrees, very quietly; and pets his long wet fingers up John's slick inner thighs, which shiver apart, utterly helpless.
"Not that you're counting," George says, but it's gentle, good-humored. From Harry it'd be a knee to the balls: John takes a breath. Lets it out. George isn't Harry.
Sherlock taps his thumb on his screen, then turns the phone around so that John can see the rushing-up flood of fractions of seconds as he digs his palm into the flies of his jeans. Sherlock is watching him, pink mouth pale eyes, his arms crossed over his pressed-together knees, and John closes his eyes, swallowing, swallowing, and tries to breathe in deep.
John—John rubs at his forehead, moving—he moves. Turns—towards the fridge and then around towards the sink and—steps, because.
This is his bed right now. It smells of his body, their bodies. He can listen to the water run, eyes closed. Sherlock had known already: John tries, chest tightening, to put it out of mind.
him: here, now, here; he wants to open all the pores in both of them, for certainty to seep between. He wants Sherlock to be able to measure him in something other than things given and things owed. He wants to stop making Sherlock afraid.
John swallows. Aching. Hollow and open, while Sherlock's hand tightens and loosens, tightens and loosens, on his arse. "Yeah," John whispers, and closes his eyes.
"Tall fellow," Sherlock says, giving his chopsticks a meditative poke about his nearly-empty bowl. "Brays when he laughs."
, is there? Not—not as girls, not as anyone, not the two of them in 2012 or 2010 or nineteen ninety—what? 1994, would it be, that Sherlock was seventeen? No—'93. John stares up through the reddening darkness of his eyelids at—Christ, he hadn't—
less of a cock, and perhaps then she'd be marginally less of a—what are you doing?": because Sherlock is lying on his bedroom floor on his stomach with his entire head and torso slid under his bed. There's a creak, and a rustle, and a thump, and then Sherlock wriggles back out again brushing dust off his shirt and trousers, cheeks pleased and pink, and holds up an overlarge external hard drive, with its USB cable dangling.
"No," John explains, "I'm being a cock"; and Sherlock gives his left arsecheek a good hard squeeze and chest tight John pushes up onto his knees. "Can you," John says, unsteady; and chin tilted looking up Sherlock pets down-down-down along him,
John pets up and down his side. Sherlock wriggles close against him, rolling John over onto his back as he tucks his face in against John's neck and breathes in deep and John feels a sudden, lightheaded pain beneath his ribs. He swallows. Stares at the ceiling, and then touches the tacky groove of Sherlock's spine.
The girl rounds the far corner. Marianne is frowning, brow furrowed. "Thinking of changing careers?" she asks.
John rests his hip against the damp edge of the sink: doesn't matter much, at this point; his shirt's already wet all down the front.
I expect you want me to go back to Baker Street as well": and Greg turns and sticks his head out the door, and shouts, "Jacobs!"
He can't see anymore so he listens. He listens to Sherlock's feet on the landing. To the water grumbling in their pipes. Sherlock's always at him about it, his wet-cat expression whenever he shouts,
"I'm going to fuck you," Sherlock says, too fast. "I'm going to—to fuck you so hard and loose that you feel it for days, I'm going to—"
"No, it's not," John says. He feels—soaked, somehow: wet with tenderness and bemusement and sympathy. Heavy. That
Mycroft notches his elbows, folding his hands together in front of his face. "I had some time," he says, "while I was waiting."
"I note that you typically aren't particularly reluctant to make me fully aware of my shortcomings," Sherlock says, "so if you're trying to spare my feelings out of some sort of—"
Sherlock nods: just once. "Sometimes," he says, finally, and then rubs at his face. "Sometimes I—I'd like to, maybe. Just—think about it, or." He sighs. "Yes,
The skin on his shoulders where it parts from Sherlock's fingers grows cold by half-measures. Warm, again: long hands. John's eyes are closed. Learn, instead, by touch. Sherlock's heel in between-over John's calves. His hard prick still trapped between them (waiting, waiting, John can wait) and under John's hand around John's thigh Sherlock's soft damp-drying bent-up long thigh. John shifts, slow. Weight on his side to palm over him: rub all the wrinkles of his skin into Sherlock's warm skin. Get him—everywhere. Smeared. Soaking in. Sherlock tucks his mouth down to the bridge of John's nose, and exhales.
He stops. John watches his throat work, his bright eyes, the tomato flush on his cheeks and his throat and his chest; John nods. "Better do this first, though," John says, and hands him the cock ring, unbuckled flat.
Hollow. Aching. Still hot all over clawing-hard at—walls—of blood and skin and bone but Sherlock. Arms around him, easing him down: the both of them hard-wet not touching between them as mouth to mouth nose to nose forehead to forehead, Sherlock interlocks his hands behind John's back.
"Anything yet?" Greg asks her, and then tilts his head back to take a long, scraping sort of slurp from the very bottom of his Starbucks cup: Christ, if John drank that entire thing his heart would probably dissolve inside him. Sherlock doesn't answer, taking a step away, then another, then another: chin jutting forward, sniffing—hm—as he leans away to look out towards—the park, John thinks. The trees?
"Can I help?" John asks; as Sherlock stares—through him, nearly. "With the..." John waves a hand: the kitchen, Sherlock, the hob. Sherlock blinks, twice, as his expression, slowly, clears.
In the flat he steers Sherlock around Sherlock's bag, dumped haphazardly on its end just inside the door and abandoned, and then over to the table. "Sit," John says, and Sherlock says, "John," and John looks up at him swallowing (one-two, one-two), as Sherlock tugs at his hand, not meeting his eyes. John touches his waist. His long spine. Sliding in close with his arms in the sickly-hot damp space under Sherlock's long coat, while Sherlock folds himself near in half to rest his face against the side of John's neck.
The hot-angry satisfaction to be taken in Brian's expression buoys John along, out the door down the street 'round the corner while Nat, most likely, is still trapped listening to the bastard while she gets the doors locked up. Unfair: John can't care.
"Ooh, if not," Natalie says, eyes widening, "there's a perfectly lovely woman who runs lighting at the Tabard, you'd
good-looking and clever and employed in interesting fields, but he isn't going to take her second sister for lunch on Saturday, is he. He knows that. Just spouts out some nonsense about already having plans and ducks back into his office, doesn't even think about it until later. He's busy. He's been busy. Nothing more.
John is acutely aware of the brief space of air between them. Of Sherlock's hips, half-canted forward; and his arms crossing tight over his chest.
Hot all over John knots his right hand in Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock licks his lips. John's skin flint-struck. Sherlock's barely-rough cheek scrapes at the tip of John's nose. Sherlock's hands—Christ—still folded up on edge of the laptop—John can't stand it, his open empty mouth—and Sherlock makes a soft hungry noise, leans into him, John pulling him to him, licking at the sour crease of the corner of his lips inhaling panting breath teeth on him Sherlock twisting to him kissing him red-faced and panting while shivering John fucks desperately into the wet of Sherlock's tongue all over the inside of his fist. Twists his hand—his hands—holding, dragging at Sherlock's shirt, which had been—was an hour and a half ago tossed aside dark with sweat on their
John pets up Sherlock's back, warm and smooth. He smells like his sweat. The way they are touching feels unbearably good.
: "I need you to hold onto this for me," John says, unsteady, "I need you to—work it into you, just—just how you like while I—" drawing his fingers out of Sherlock's sodden body as Sherlock groans arching back to press half his own hand in and
John inhales and holds it; then sighs, helpless, and shakes his head. "I'm afraid," he says, and then he swallows, his throat tight and sore and heavy. "I'm afraid I—I did, I did something I thought he wanted I—I thought I could tell that—that he wanted it and I thought he enjoyed it and then he—he had a sodding breakdown, all right? he—I
John licks his lips. "I'm not certain if you've noticed, Sherlock, but you could be toppling off a unicycle in a clown suit and I'd still want to fuck you blind."
"Lucy Matley is perfectly real and perfectly lovely, I assure you," says Mycroft. "But she hasn't spoken to Sherlock in eighteen years, and wouldn't be willing to start up again now: they didn't precisely part on the best of terms."
, you just—manufacture—convenient—fabulisms—" and Sherlock starts laughing outright, shoulders shaking John's arms around his shoulders, snorting,
His lips just brush against John's skin. Prickling: John can feel himself springing up sweat all over. He's still sticky from his run, as yet unwashed; salt crusted at his hairline. Then Sherlock darts his hand past John's hand to steal John's breakfast right out of the toaster, says, "I'll be back in two hours," and then straightens himself up and trots out of the kitchen, out down the stairs.
Sherlock snorts. "God, no, she could barely boil water. No—Mummy caught me feeding old bread to the ducks, once, when she was visiting at the weekend."
Christ. John curls his right hand on the duvet by Sherlock's cheek. Bumping against him, while Sherlock writhes, until—only just—barely—
": but Sherlock is already shoving John's shirt up to press a hot slick thick tongue into the dip of John's navel while he pulls and drags at the button and the zip and mouthing stickydamp through fabric while he claws John's jeans down over his lifting-helpless hips and then gets his mouth
(Or. Or curled on the sofa his side watching him just-back standing before the window streaked with rain, playing long low open G—)
Awkward, one-handed, but. But. But under his fingers, bent forward, Sherlock is still and quiet, head bowed, and still holding onto John's wrist. When John goes back to work on his hair the pad of Sherlock's thumb presses against the flex of John's thumb in John's palm. The shower is spilling hot on their shoulders and sides: John's right, Sherlock's left; thickening the air, even if there's not enough to keep them both in the spray. Sherlock's eyes closed, his face still, his hair coming untangled in John's hands.
, eeling all that long stretch of his body up against John's with their knees sliding together as Sherlock presses his palms into long trails down John's back. Sherlock
"Well, how was I to know?" Helplessly smiling; exasperated. "They don't come with a manual, either."
," Sherlock says, "after all the nostril-flaring and lecturing and aggressive facial stitchery last night I thought you'd
, John thinks, and then presses closer to kiss his temple. "In that case, full marks," he says, very quietly; and Sherlock gives a short, barking laugh; and John pets the pads of his fingers up Sherlock's long, hot throat.
John closes his eyes. "Tell me, then," he whispers, and kisses down—right—down— "Seven—seven—eight, Christ,
"Said you didn't," John says, "have one, I mean," rubbing his face in between Sherlock's shoulderblades.
, and as always I thank her eternally for helping me out with these things, of a Sunday afternoon. ♥
"Good?" Sherlock's mouth, pressed under his chin. Pulling back to watch John nod, toofast, trembling. John says, "All I want—is to, to fucking—
John nods, dragging Sherlock's thigh up. "I like it too," he says. "But I could stop for a while, if you want": his hand skating over Sherlock's bony bent knee.
Up this close the strangeness of Sherlock's face is transformed. Everyone looks a bit odd from a breath and a half away; and the peculiar architecture of Sherlock's features feels different, when you can't look at all of them at once. An eyebrow, the side of his nose, a cut-glass cheekbone, his long fair lashes and a single chameleon eye: all the things that just meld and merge into being Sherlock at some distance from here are disjoint, impossible to ignore. John touches the fringe of his eyelashes.
"Good morning." Murmured—John sighs, mouth to mouth to mouth to mouth. "So," soft-moving, "then—if I could just get back to," says Sherlock, with his warm knee sliding heavy between John's knees made malleable; and John says, "Oh—no—please—by all—means, con—tinue," in between their scratching faces where Sherlock is snorting his awkward heron laugh; but they end up kissing for a bit longer, anyway.
John finishes with his last patient at five 'til six: unheard of. The charting takes him a bit longer, but he still finishes in time to linger walking out with Rhoda and Natalie, who are still talking about Rhoda's birthday—Nat wants final numbers, so she can book a table. "Priyanka said she'd pop by," Nat says: Priyanka is the more senior of their two locum physicians. "But Brian can't, he's got the kids this weekend and his boyfriend's out of town. Marianne is coming, isn't she?"
John sets one glass on the bedside table. From the other, takes two long sips: thinking. Thinking. Faced away, Sherlock is still obviously trying to adjust himself: his little round arse. Black lace: Christ, John could bite—. "I couldn't entirely decide if they were worth it, on me," John says, finally, setting down his glass, shuffling closer. "But you look." His face is hot: why? He says, "Lovely," inadequately.
. He raises himself up on shaky legs. Eases it out, teeth gritted, holding onto the back of the chair, and then meets the black holes of Sherlock's eyes in his reflection in the window.
His notebook is on the table between their chairs. No pen. He can't remember the last place he successfully located a usable writing implement in the flat, full up wide open bluewhite air, so he goes to his laptop case for the chewed-on biro he keeps, semi-secretly, tucked into the lining under the open space for his computer where Sherlock is, at least,
. Sherlock inhaling beneath him and John's face getting hot: peach-velvet skin at his fingertips, and all that blood underneath. "Can I," John says. Stops. Swallows; whispers: "lick you, can I—taste"; and sprawled out beneath him Sherlock drapes his elbow up over his face—and then, without looking, he nods.
, even if it isn't cool, not quite. Dry out. John stretches out on his back, quiet and careful and slow. He tucks his right hand under his head for the breath of breeze on his underarm and triceps, and then closes his eyes.
"Just after Cambridge," Sherlock says. "For about three and a half weeks." He turns back to John, and then gives him a rueful, lopsided half-smile. "I got arrested for breaking into the labs at Imperial College—again—and she sacked me."
John rubs at him, gentle. Slow. If they had a day and a half, John thinks, overflowing, he's not sure he could touch Sherlock every way that he wants to, just now: he brushes his fingertips against the velvet-soft skin of his scrotum. But—seven, he thinks. Forty minutes. "Later," John agrees, then admits, "you've got to finish washing," heavy with regret.
), John spends a quarter of an hour standing up pressing that blasted green jumper to Sherlock's forehead while he slumps on the brick edging of a flowerbed and Greg calls for a cab to come 'round and fetch them, since he'd rather it didn't wind up in anything official and Chloe's fucked off with Mycroft's car. When they get back to the flat Mrs. Hudson shouts at all of them comprehensively, then makes them tea while John sews up the gash in Sherlock's gigantic idiot head in the kitchen. "We didn't even catch her," Greg confesses, downstairs; "You never catch her," John says, "go home," and then bolts the door behind him and sighs.
Sherlock runs his index finger across the seam of his mouth. John's skin prickling the back of his throat. "Politics," he says, finally, and then: "history."
"Far be it for me to discourage a confession," Holmes says, while John is gasping—shivering—gasping—with his cock so red and heavy he could— "but I'd've thought a dozen would've been quite enough, for one day," and laughter tears its way out of John's chest, ripping him up.
and so now in their living room, "I think you're always watching us," John says to Holmes in his office after practice, "whenever we're out on the field," all bravado, isn't he, at fifteen; "anytime we're out there, really, in our little shorts"; and the skin around Sherlock's eyes shifts, tectonic.
Sherlock thumbs over the stinging crack of John's arse, pulls him apart— "Too keyed up," Sherlock murmurs, "to even properly work you open"; and "Yeah," John moans, "yeah, I—do it, Christ—" and Sherlock rubs the dry tip of his finger over him prickling awake and then smacks him hard flat-handed bone-deep
and Sherlock gasps, "Oh—yes—" and pinches it rubs it rolls it in between his fingers while suddenly 200 kph desperate John shudders and screws himself back, Sherlock's cock squelching wet and thick between his thighs and John thinks—he wonders—
"Ought to make you take care of this yourself, too," Sherlock says, very quietly, with his thumb brushing up over every hot good spot as John's lungs let out a shuddering sort of "
He says, "I want you to," and then stops. Voice caught. In his blunt fingers John rolls the webbing between Sherlock's forefinger and thumb, over and over. Over and over. Over and over: his thumb. "I want to stick them up you," Sherlock says.
John leans against the edge of the work surface, touching the small of Sherlock's back. Sherlock darts him a quick, disbelieving look.
His breath is buzzing John's cheek. "To watch my face, most likely," John says, breathless. "When my mobile pops up with a picture of you wanking through a sheet."
—but this, of course, is a waste of time. Not—broadly speaking, maybe, but—but just now. In the current situation. It is not, he thinks, the best use of his time. George would disagree with him, probably: John does know that. But the fundamental principle, John is thinking, is not that John ought to be able to handle everything properly (thank Christ) but that he needs to handle it well enough to be of
After a moment, Sherlock says, "It's how he always is." Pauses. "Whenever I think something's mine."
—) burning their way out in John's skin in their hands and his mouth on their mouths and John's clenching toes and clenching body and his spasming satin-stroking fingertips in air and on nothing while John wondered why he hadn't been gay for years. That was who he'd been. For a while. In George's closet of an office, George had asked John again,
! aching-filling-full as Sherlock pants his way through two shallow, rocking-dragging thrusts while belly tight John tries to force his lit-up stretched humming body to open around him and Sherlock grinds out, "Oh, f-fuck—" and John presses his jaw up beneath his bent up knee gasping while Sherlock shoves himself in with a groan.
, that it might have something to do." Forcing his hand down flat. "With what happened," he says, "with Jacob": breathing. "When you were." In: out. "Just a boy, and he. Wasn't."
"Well," Sherlock says, "if a higher than average content of international arms smugglers doesn't rule the concept out, then, certainly."
He turns out the light in the bathroom. At the top of the stairs. In his bedroom Sherlock is sitting on the end of his bed, in just his pants, looking awkward, which is, quite frankly, somewhat better than John'd entirely expected. John turns out the light by the door and comes over to Sherlock, yellow lamp-lit.
"The whole first year I lived with you," John says, and then laughs: too high, manic; and presses his forehead to the knob at the top of Sherlock's spine; Sherlock says, "John," strung tight with desire and still so careful of him,
," Sherlock says, sounding broken: his hands bruising-tight on John's hips. "I don't, I don't know how you could—
John nods. Helps Sherlock straighten up, a bit, and Sherlock's hand falls, brushes soft over his hair. "It's. Good." Sherlock's voice is wavering. "A bit—too good, perhaps, I—"
John rubs his cheek against his scapula. Brushes up, cautious; then presses only-just against the firm hot furred flesh just behind Sherlock's testicles, above the tender high-up skin of his long runner's thighs, and Sherlock lets out a long galloping breath and lets down his weight, sinking to press against the careful first two fingers of John's left hand.
"You were going to put your fingers up me," Sherlock says, after another moment; and John swallows the hot-prickling tide in his throat.
"I don't know about you," John says, "but I woke up to oral sex, so—" and curving their bodies together like the sides of a shell on the white beach of their hotel sheets, Sherlock presses his face into John's shoulder, huffing out a laugh.
"I want you to kiss me while you do it," Sherlock says, too loudly, and then lets out a short, hard-edged breath.
John pets at his hair, scratches at his scalp. Under the white t-shirt and the dressing gown Sherlock's shoulders hunch up.
Sherlock lies still against him. "Yeah," he says after a minute, and then pulls his face back. "I do."
"You like that I've been skipping my runs?" John asks, a little lopsided, and then stops, and Sherlock looks up at him with his wide sharp sky-clear green eyes.
—" as Sherlock gets his own trousers open, shoves Johns jeans down his hips, rubs up on John's hip as he gropes John's thickening cock; "You thought about me touching us together," says Sherlock; and John only just manages, "You meant me to"; and Sherlock snarls, "What
John nods. Sensible, really. "Did you wear white trainers?" he asks, and Sherlock laughs. Wriggles closer.
"Seems it, doesn't it?" John nods. "But he was growing, certainly—he couldn't keep a lab coat that fit for three months together."
"No, that's yours." Sherlock folds himself down onto the sofa next to John. "Trust me." He slouches, kicks his feet up onto the coffee table. Sips his own tea.
"Well, then." John says. Clears his throat. "That does make me feel better," he admits; and Sherlock's mouth twists, complicated, before he turns up his hand to John's hand.
Ah. "No," John says. "Did my legs, once. I was curious. Mouth." Sherlock pulls his mouth in so that John can get his upper lip. "Hell growing back, I thought."
John bends to kiss Sherlock's shoulder: salty. soft. "And what about—pretending," he asks, quiet; and Sherlock—
John nods, even though Sherlock isn't looking. "Me too," he says, "it's. Fun"; and Sherlock inhales, straightening, and then pushes back off the sink.
"I meant—before that," Sherlock says, finally, some time later; and then brushes his hand over the still-hot bottom swell of John's arse.
"You're not," John says, finally, with his hand under Sherlock's hand under John's hand and his body wrapped up in Sherlock's body and the mark of Sherlock's mouth on his throat. So close he can feel it, when Sherlock swallows. Up, down. Up-down. "You're not," John repeats, quiet; and Sherlock rubs his face against the side of John's neck. Up against his face. John stops watching them in the mirror so that he can twist to kiss him, then turns his body, so he can do it properly. Sherlock braces his arms against the edge of the basin behind John's back. John wraps his arms around him. Closes his eyes against the humming too-harsh light.
, a wet-electric half-criminal-hot rush, and helpless John shudders all over clenching painfully down into his toes and then—
. The stretch-and-pull of Sherlock's long thigh muscles under John's fingertips while John kisses him, soft, through his knickers; and then slides his thumb up, to pull them just aside.
," gasps Sherlock, breaking apart. John breathes. Carefully he breathes. Not thinking: about Sherlock peeled naked and squirming. Not thinking: his
After a moment, John says, "I like buttplugs," and Sherlock starts laughing, pushing his face back down against John's neck.
His palms are sliding—rubbing, really—petting up John's thighs, and his eyes are terribly wide and pale, blues and yellows and greens that turn muddy and washed-out in this sort of light, and a warm, tender sort of knowing is unlocking in John's chest, sliding his body down into a sprawl-legged slouch, holding the button for Sherlock as Sherlock tugs down his zip. It makes him feel stretched tight, quiet inside, the way it lifts up his hips when Sherlock rubs at his hips; he'd told Sherlock it'd made him feel like a kid, but nothing's made him feel like a kid quite like this. Sherlock leaves his trousers halfway to his knees and noses at him through his boxers, breathing in little careful huffs. John slides his fingers into Sherlock's soft hair, and Sherlock sighs into the crease of his hip.
Sherlock makes a protesting sort of a noise, but he lets John coax him all the way to the doorway of his bedroom before he starts protesting again: loudly, if not coherently: "But the towels and things," he argues, pushing a hand hard to the doorframe; and then, more plaintively, "Pears, John"; and John scrubs a hand over his face, and sighs.
They don't fit. He didn't really expect them to: they'd put more thought into the bra, giving the the knickers up from the start, rather, as a bad job. Yvonne hadn't ever said,
Sherlock'd got his mouth on him. Sherlock'd gone right down between John's legs and—and John'd held the button, hadn't he? so he holds the button, and undoes the zip slowly, with his right hand. Christ, he's hard: fucking
John breathes in. Breathes in. In the white kitchen lights Sherlock's reflection wavers in their open window: bared to his trunks, flushed and panting; with John at his feet.
"Christ." He sighs. "Fuck, I don't know what I'm saying. I don't even know why I brought it up," and silence fills up the car behind the last of the light.
He's done it as gently as he can, but "Oh," Sherlock is saying, as he squares his shoulders, pulls—head turning— "Never mind, then. It was just—"
Inhaling. Sharper: "I have caused harm to you," Sherlock says, in his crispest most certain courtrooms-and-Oxbridge-witnesses voice, "and I can't put it right." He looks John right in the eye, drum-steady, and says, "I think I've killed everyone else who's done that."
"No." When John'd opened the door from the en suite the border between collapsed: one space, this space, Sherlock's space, with his long mirror and his huge white bed and a wardrobe with a suit jacket hanging from its handle beside which Sherlock is arguing with the buttons at the cuffs of a green shirt he never wears: it doesn't, John persists in thinking, obstinately, bring out his eyes; and is annoyed. Sherlock says, "I imagine he's waiting until he's got me somewhere I can't—," looking up at the mirror: a sliver, reflected, of his puddle-grey gaze; and John folds his arms over his chest while Sherlock is stopped, silent, surprised.
, "You're so—close, I—" and laughs, face smashed into the pillow blinking back bright lights while Sherlock pets at the hot-aching edges of his insides and John drives both elbows into the mattress, pushing back—all his skin pulled up to peaks and heart pounding John scrapes—his hand slid down and—and the side of his thumb under himself over his own nipple purple-hot and throbbing as he groans, "
"Are we talking, then," Sherlock says, finally, "about 2013?"; and John's breath exits his body. A puff, unsurprised but still half-startled, loosening him.
"We were just going to wind up fucking against the fridge," John says, as gently as he can; and Sherlock's chin jerks, looking away.
, I gather," he says, as lightly as he can, "would've known well enough to call your mum Dr. Townshend"; and watches the flush creep up over Sherlock's throat and his cheeks, "so so far my track record isn't precisely what I'd call
Sherlock sighs. "It's not—." He stops, swallowing. "I like—just thinking about it, a bit," he says. Sighing. He lifts a hand off John's side, apparently for the express purpose of waving it around. "A thought experiment, if you will."
"Which?" Sherlock gasps, arching against his hands; "This," John murmurs, rubbing his belly; "Six," Sherlock says, thick, and then, "I—I have things, I—"
"Please," he says. If they were they wouldn't; he is thinking. If they were, John is thinking, he wouldn't know. Rough with gratitude, John asks, "Let me, please."
"And you know she'd never say a word about it," John says, "but he was a bit scornful about Mrs. Hudson's sister's blackcurrent jam," and Sherlock's face solidifies into a glare, his mouth tightening, hair sticking up all over and his flush still dripping down his lovely throat and John wants to punch Mycroft repeatedly in the face because if he weren't in their bloody living room—
When he turns back, Sherlock's wearing his trousers. Shirt untucked still half open, bare feet, as the flush on his collarbones fades millimeter by millimeter, and he fills the kettle in the sink.
John shifts, face scraping cotton. Lower Sherlock is saying "yes I was asleep it's not even half six what do you want." Not, John thinks, a question. Hand out: skin. A thigh, found: John pats it, and Sherlock folds his hand over John's, warm, closing: still. Held still while he is whispering
"Yeah," Sherlock says, buzzing John's skin. John's shoulders are tensing-relaxing, tensing-relaxing; prickling up, drawing together. "Also," Sherlock says, and pulls back. Wraps a hand around him, loose. John exhales, slow slow slow. "Easy access," Sherlock explains, glancing down, then looking back up at John's face. His expression is soft, warm; John touches his mouth: soft, warm.
: God. Already in that moment John'd been wound aching-tight with adoration and longing, words tangling in a wet-blurred jumble somewhere between his brain and the screen.
bathroom," John says, finally. Sherlock squints up at him, so John lets one eyebrow twitch up. "And then," he says, "I'd ask what you'd
John can feel his mouth tilt. "Glad I turned the light on?" he asks, and Sherlock looks up at his face.
"Thank you," Sherlock says, very quietly; and John doesn't tell him it's not necessary or easy or lovely but nods, silently. Over and over presses his mouth to Sherlock's mouth.
He kisses Sherlock's cheek; and Sherlock slumps further against him. All his weight: Christ, John is mad for him. He inhales, slow, sliding the backs of his knuckles down Sherlock's pink jawline; then says, "I don't feel a burning need to stick it in," very softly. "If that's what you're asking."
Sherlock swallows. Nods. He sets his cup down in the spot where the seventeenth letter goes and pulls out a chair; his suit jacket slides off the back. The condensation from his drink has left dark splotches on his shirt. When he sits down, John reaches over and untangles the sunglasses from his hair. Hands them over. Sherlock folds them up and puts them on the table, then in his shirt pocket, then jerks them out again and sets them on the table again; and then John says, "Piece of work, this one, isn't he," and gives the seventeenth letter a little wave.
"Jesus," John gasps, squirming—arching—; as Sherlock grinds out, "For me to hurt you," rubbing up everywhere against him, clothes rough— "treat you like some sort of worthless—little—" voice breaking; as "
"I didn't think it was," John says; he hesitates, then, but Sherlock doesn't respond. "I thought—I did think all that was—important, maybe, for a while, with Lily," John says. "But."
John sighs. "Fine." He scrubs his hands over his face. "That's just—fine." He stands up, suddenly unhungry, and takes his plate into the kitchen. Scrapes his eggs and the rest of his toast into the bin.
look like a stork in fancy dress, and John thinks he's never seen anything half as lovely in his life.
"Shame," Sherlock murmurs. "After I drew up all those training drills, too," and John can't help it, elbows buckle: hunched over laughing, feeling—
"I think you're beautiful, too, you know," Sherlock says, very quietly, from nowhere; and crouching above him John closes his eyes.
"You want me to just ease this to the side," Sherlock says, rubbing his fingers along the base, "and pull you up onto my cock, too, hm?" His left hand has gone walkabout, petting at whatever bits of John apparently strike his fancy, hips and knees and wet thighs and trembling ankles, and every touch sinks into John's body like wet clay.
Sherlock inhales, slow. Then twists, just: winding their bodies together, sliding his arm around the backs of John's shoulders. Nudging his mouth up to John's for a soft, soft damp kiss.
"Texts," Sherlock says, "from me," and puts John's mobile down so he can slide his fingers behind John's knee: John pulls his chair over so he can sit. Legs touching. Sherlock says, "You deleted them," and then picks up a slice of toast. It crunches when he bites into it, showering blackened crumbs all over his lap and chin. Watching him lick at the corner of his mouth John floods with that same tide of desire and coal-hot possession. It leaves him dizzy, nearly.
"Clean sheets," Sherlock murmurs, and then kisses John's chin. "Budge up," he says, quiet, and John slides off him, onto his side; but Sherlock pushes the duvet down, saying, "Roll over, can I..." as "Yeah," John is saying, helpless; "Yeah."
Sherlock swallows, but nods again. Lets John slide back, the buckles on the suspender belt scraping against the duvet. Peculiar: John'd half forgotten. Silly, it seems—absurd, really; but John tugs at Sherlock by the hand and Sherlock follows him all the way onto the mattress, red-faced and clumsy; and "All right?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock blinks hard red-mouthed twice and then—and then slides his fingers under the strap along the outside of John's left thigh. Pulling. Silent, dark-eyed. John hesitates, he'd not been—and then lifts his knee up, foot sliding out: "Do you want to—" he asks, uncertainly; but Sherlock is already reaching up for the lube.
; and slower, and again, we're all right. Sherlock nodding, his body over John's body, the occasional shiver of a tremor rippling out in John’s hands.
"Mm." Sherlock swallows. Blinks twice. "All of them, I think," he says, finally, watching John's face.
"Yes," Sherlock agrees, voice light. "It took me at least nine or ten months to start fantasizing about you coming down into my room and fucking me mercilessly across the duvet."
, it'd perhaps be more accurate to term it: happy, easy, in love. It maps so inaccurately, so inadequately onto the life that John is living that he's never known what to say to them, not when he was having it off with Cal, when they weren't cheesed off at each other; or shagging Rebecca, here and there; or going to bed with Janeka on her regular if infrequent London business trips (
amber between blue with his hands slid into the gap at the bottom of Sherlock's shirt into his unbuttoned trousers and his mouth on his mouth John wants wants him unbuttoned, laid bare: fumbling the buttons free up from the bottom with Sherlock's coat shadowing (amber-blue) around him Sherlock's arms tight around him Sherlock's hand on his fucking
"Should—leave these on, then, maybe," John says, tucking two fingers in to tug at the flat-hemmed leg of Sherlock's little tight trunks.
"Later," he says. He swallows: his loosening throat. "I want to come with your hand inside me," he says, steadied; and against him Sherlock shivers. Pulls him close.
John scrapes his teeth against him: Sherlocks ribs lift, and lift. John comes up just enough to kiss his lovely mouth, once. Twice. Four times. Sherlock is tugging at his hair again, though: delirious with it, he slides back down, asking, "They usually pretend at one—"
Sherlock is quiet for a long, long time. Breathing: out, in, out. Slow and warm. The seam, John thinks, aching, of their skin.
Next. I have been waffling about whether or not to do this, but both since it's been such long time since I've posted and because I increasingly want to tweak some of my wording, I would like to take this opportunity to restate my warnings for this story. Specifically: this story
Sherlock exhales. John rubs at his hip, licks at the head of his cock, looks down at him; and Sherlock jerks his head in a hard, restless nod so John draws him back in. Sherlock's knee twitches up, so John pushes him down, holds his canted hips still with two hard hands and, lips and tongue, works his leaking-salty prick wet and messy with Sherlock's body twisted up face turned down mouth empty as he moans.
Sherlock looking up at him. His wide clear eyes. His eyebrows huddling together in the middle: John touches the wrinkle, forefinger and thumb. Thinking: smooth. Heart aching. Thinking: if you were me.
Sherlock'd wrapped himself around him. Was holding him up. Still is. Embarrassing, the necessary scaffolding of Sherlock's body hot everywhere around him, one hand on his sternum, the other flat half-over John's on the bed. His breath hot but slowing, coming onto-into John's burning sweat-dripping face. Sherlock isn't moving at all. Still in him, John realizes, and swallows.
, sent from the checkout line at Tesco's while Marianne took her turn first. No reply. John pockets his mobile: he isn't tired. He does the washing up, scrubs the sink clean, empties the kitchen rubbish into the big bin outside; then starts a load of laundry and sets to on the sofa with a bit of rag wetted with a few drops of lube mixed with two tablespoons of olive oil: like to dissolve like; his chemistry teacher would be proud. Then he hoovers and hangs his laundry to dry and lounges about for a while in his chair with his laptop getting angry at the news before he gives up at half eleven, heads upstairs to brush his teeth.
Sherlock's eyes flutter shut. His throat moves: up-down, up-down. "The glass," he says, thick, and John nods, nods. "You've good taste," Sherlock tells him, and then gives a broken little laugh as John curls his fingers inside him.
," John says, and stretches his hand between them, splaying across Sherlock's chest, "you're just about the least demanding person I've ever met." John takes a breath, watching embarrassment war with something vast and nameless in Sherlock's lovely queer face. "You aren't demanding," John says, quiet, "but I—I know you, sometimes, I think." He swallows. "So—I'm
"Christ," Sherlock gasps, and then digs his hand in between them, claws at the button at the base of John's breastbone, then just gives up and reaches down to grab hold of the hem of John's vest instead, yanking it up and the shirt with it while John struggles to get his cuffs unbuttoned and the collar undone enough so that Sherlock can drag his lot up over his head. John squirms back down against him, Sherlock licking at his jaw while John paws helplessly at his chest, gets his shirtfront open enough to press them together skin to skin, blood-hot and smooth and God, John wants him, every inch. He kneels up, puts his hands on Sherlock's flies: Sherlock whines, arching his hips up, lets John pull his trousers down his long wiry legs. John touches the softest bit of his belly, just above the waistband of his trunks, watching Sherlock's flushed face, and Sherlock nods. Helpless. Hot all over. John bends down, presses his face to Sherlock's abdomen, and then dips his fingers in, and eases Sherlock's pants down while Sherlock does the opposite of helping, trying to kick them off across his black socks, his long ungainly feet.
," a bundle of chopped-up low leonine sounds when he says, "stay properly, and—and look into all of it, until."
He sounds very nearly Victorian, which is why John knows, with absolute certainty, that they are talking about sex. John leans in for a kiss, very gentle. "Boyfriend?" he asks. Light as he can.
"Mm." John rubs down the top of Sherlock's long thigh, and Sherlock shivers. Pressing into him. "I was just thinking."
John nods. "You do like a good experiment, I know." He pets over Sherlock's right eyebrow. Wriggling his body close.
air hot 'round their edges as Sherlock drags John down to kiss hot and open-mouthed and panting while shaking John pushes back against Sherlock saying—saying, saying
: every millimeter of Sherlock honed, aimed towards him, seeking-finding-knowing: his relentless fast-fixed attention pulling at John even as John pulls helplessly at him. Their tangled starved scrabbling grasping hands. Was that, then,
"Now?" John asks, "Or," with his left hand curled, untouching, just above all the shell-pink acreage of pectoral and bare skin.
Yeah. "Made myself look like an absolute tit, mostly," John answers. Voice low. "Or an alcoholic panda," he adds, pulled back just enough to watch as watching him, Sherlock's mouth quirks, eyes steady.
He can hear Sherlock's heart beating, in his throat. Can feel it, too, in his arms wound low around John's back. The room is very still. Close.
—and then Sherlock's green eyes startling wide-open lifting up away from John's face panicked—panicked?—as they—shine—
"Present circumstances." John nods, swallowing. "You mean—as in, incredible sex, shootouts, and adventure, or—"
in every way he can think: talking down infuriated witnesses, misleading the police; manning his guns keeping their books easing him into anything that frightens him; making him toast, and pasta, and too-sweet milky tea. John could moisturize Sherlock's long pale legs and clip his suspenders to his stockings. John could buckle him into cock rings, and not let him come. John could bare himself like this feeling foolish after a decade-plus in the army, after the end of one life that'd begun another that'd broken in the middle and then—
John finishes cooking. He sits down at the table. He eats his overcooked pasta with lentils and Tuscan kale; and then Sherlock comes in before he's put the second half in the fridge, so John turns the front burner back on, and warms it back up.
—and then John stumbles out of the shower grabbing for his towel dripping on the landing to follow him out, shouting, "
"Yeah." John puts his back into it: sodding eggs. "Word on the medical receptionist grapevine is that Tariq is recently single," he explains, "and, I gather, looking somewhat aggressively"; and beside him Sherlock makes an uninterpretable sound.
John inhales. The table. Their soaked and crumpled serviettes still in the center; John's cup (half-full) and Sherlock's (already nearly empty); John's three-quarters of a piece of French toast and Sherlock's bare plate and Sherlock's open mouth on him through his boxers: damp.
"You're so lovely," Sherlock murmurs, hand tight on his wrist hand opening on his throat, and John gasps, squeezes his eyes shut tight—and Sherlock kisses his jaw, lips parted, sighing, and then brushes a thumb over John's slick mouth. John wants—he wants— "And you just want to be good to me, don't you," Sherlock whispers, tightening—pinning—and John stills, swallowing. Sherlock noses at the side of his nose, rubbing at his lip, and John nods. Nods and nods. Sherlock says, "Open up for me," soft.
"I want to be good to you," John explains. Quiet, wiping his clumsy fingers over Sherlock's lovely damp cheekbones: his body pulled aching drawn to Sherlock's body and then pinned. Legs to legs. Belly to belly. Ribs, to ribs.
He stops. Takes a deep, slow breath, lets it out as a sigh. John can feel it, brushing the edges of his face, and his fingers curl up against Sherlock's shoulderblades. He really ought to get up.
Sherlock swallows, once. Shakes his head: John stills. "No, don't—don't stop, I need," Sherlock says. Swallows: the down-beat at last. "I don't know," he says, thick. Disorganized. Hand sliding up—John's nape. His hair. Pulling even though properly it's far too short—shivery-hot John licks into his mouth: Sherlock gasps.
Sherlock shivers, then turns: "John," he says, thick; and John manages to drag his arm up arms open wanting—just
"You've seen what happens to me during a match," John says, "do you really think I've still got anything I played in twenty-five years ago?"
John's bare back is already prickling and clammy with sweat. He settles back down carefully, keeping his weight against Sherlock's side. Leans to kiss him—again—again—Sherlock's mouth is so hot inside. John touches his whorled ears, his throat; strokes at his hollow cup of clavicle and trapezius, and when Sherlock gasps, hot into John's mouth, John pulls back burning all over, bends to follow his fingertips with his tongue.
"You like it?" Sherlock says, very quietly; and wet and thick John laughs. "No," Sherlock says, a little sharp, but his fingers are gentle and clever and very, very warm, petting him earthquake-deep inside. "I'm asking: do you like this, John?"
"I'm sorry," John says. "We're changing the locks. Getting—five deadbolts, a security chain—I should've punched him in the balls. An alarm system. A watchdog."
He hears it, when Sherlock exhales. The tip of the cane makes a soft dull noise when Sherlock lets it touch the floor.
want to, yeah?" John asks; and Sherlock takes John's hand up to his belly again, enfolding. Their fingers slotting together. Tumblers in a lock to the key. Funny, almost, John thinks. Holding his cock, and then holding his hand.
, and his desk is silent screen dark after her, after a baby recovering perfectly normally from a perfectly normal cold, after a case of shingles and two more of strep throat, and much later still, when John goes to tuck his mobile into his pocket, drop his patient files into the box for refiling and slide his jacket on.
"We could roll about on my bed in the sunshine," John offers: unspooling out from all his new space. "For hours." They kiss. In his stockings John's toes curl in towards the bottoms of his feet. "We could touch each other as much as we want," he explains, "as long as we want. As—as much as we want, go as far as we want. We wouldn't have to stop for—for anything."
that collect about the flat: odd charity shop clothes that Sherlock buys to stab or shoot or set on fire and chemicals that John tries not to think about too closely in the interests of plausible deniability and assorted esoteric hand tools that don't have any place to be tidied away into which get underfoot and drop screws that grind and stick in the hoover. John could hoover. That, he realizes, is something he could do. He could hoover. Or—or he could dust. The flat is probably dusty: it usually is, when he does it, which he doesn't, often. He is sitting at the table where they ate their breakfast at his laptop and he hasn't anything useful to do, really, so he taps at his laptop trackpad to wake it and finds—
It is an ordinary, dull-pebble sort of thought, dropped into water. Sherlock, John is certain, has never read
"Sherlock, as far as I can tell you know four figures in history," John says. "You've already been Marie Curie tonight and you were Burke and Hare in Wimbledon
"I think I either have to get in with you, or use your shower," John says at last, reluctant, when Sherlock is down to his socks and his pants. Sherlock looks up at him, unreadably: "I've got work," John explains, "I was running," quite awkwardly.
John shifts, surprised. Shouldn't be. Should've seen it coming. Last night after John'd finally got him on the phone, after a series of false starts and half admissions and apologies where no one said they were sorry, they had been silent. In the silence John had been wanting him close, wanting to gather him up and wrap his arms around him and kiss his hot red face because it seems sometimes like the only way he can speak and Sherlock can hear; and then Sherlock had asked, very hesitant, anxious and embarrassed:
"These, I believe," John says—light, careful, light—as he fumbles the hooks together, hands held just above his groin and clumsy anyway, "are a special kind of intelligence test, even
, in that way he has of cutting right down to the squirming blushing heart of what John didn't entirely realize he actually means.
The ragged purple smears of his eyeliner. His pupils, huge. The little shadowy space between their faces, hot. John hurts all over for him.
"Yeah." John nods. He wishes he could—he could take a sip of water, perhaps: his plate empty, Sherlock's hand in his hand. He doesn't do it, though. Instead he keeps as still just there as he can and says, "So you took on that role," casually, lightly, "in the past."
John follows Sherlock back up onto the duvet, while Sherlock is elbowing up for the water. Touching his back John can't help but notice how assiduously Sherlock has been keeping his front hidden: carefully John pets his damp spine, feeling tender and fond. Sherlock drinks half the glass, then sets it down, steady; and then, very slowly, he rolls up onto his hip, facing John: red all over. He keeps trying to meet John's eyes and failing. Gaze skittering off to the side as John sidles up towards him, careful. John kisses him: gentle. Cupping his cheek with his hand feeling—sodden. Heavy. Supersaturated with care.
Sherlock makes raw-edged broken noises and shivers and jerks when John slips in his thumb, just a little, just to hold his arse open wider so that John can sling an arm under his hips and haul him in to kiss him as wet and hot and wanting as John is to his cramped-up curled throbbing toes. Sherlock groans , shudders head to toe smearing wet on John's forearm, and gasps, "Oh—John I can't—can you John—I want, come here, I need—
"Demanding," Sherlock says, very softly, and John nods so Sherlock slaps him and he moans. "You would beg for it, wouldn't you?" Sherlock murmurs, and John flinches so Sherlock grabs him by the hair holds him up and bites his bottom lip and licks him open kisses him hard and wet and Sherlock says, "I like it," low and fierce, "I like it when you beg," and John
"We're not having a thirty second shag in the shower," John says. It comes out annoyingly uncertain. "I'm getting you clean."
Breathes. In: tasting Sherlock's skin. His fingers curling up in the warm, tacky hollow at the base of Sherlock's back.
"I don't know, do I?" John shakes his head. "I just feel like—like there's this wall, between him and me, or—or one-way glass, where he can see me, and I can't see him. And so he—he knows everything about me, and I—I can't even—": swallowing. Swallowing. "Keep," he says, "him safe."
"I'm not really thinking anything in particular," John admits, and then reaches up to tug the pillow down. Tuck it under the top of his head. "But I think you know that I'd like to know," he says. "If you want to tell me."
"Not all of us have your..." John breathes. Breathes. "Self-control," he says, finally; and Sherlock's mouth twitches wide, sly; "You've not got anyone's self-control," he says, and then grins full-on; and John smacks him on the shoulder, probably not as hard as he ought. Sherlock starts to laugh.
Sherlock pulls up, hair sticking up all over, face pink lips red, and John laughs. Folds his hand over his face so he won't see.
"You could've said," Sherlock says; and John retorts, "What, 'I'm switching to a different practice so you can monopolize my time more easily,' yes, of course, why didn't I think of that?"
Head dropped down. Eyes closed. Panting, hard: John tries to catch his breath. Tries, and tries. Blue silicone still thick inside him: aching, now.
John swallows. Nods. "You are," he says; and Sherlock sighs. Rubbing their cheeks together: that faint shivery rasp of different stubbles between their bare skins.
Across the table, Sherlock's throat is reddening, a mottled, unattractive flush creeping up his neck and onto his cheeks.
Sherlock's bottom lip curls in, slides under his slick red tongue, and then out. "Yeah. It—it feels good," he says, more sigh than speech. "It feels. Really good, even if I don't—"
"Truce!" John manages at last, "Truce," still giggling; but Sherlock's stopped already, letting John up but still looking indignant, fluffed-up like a particularly offended owlish maiden aunt. John cups his cheeks in both hands, kisses his lovely awkward peculiar face, while Sherlock is grumbling, "Do I get on at you about your bloody color-coded organizational system," which is both charming and extremely silly, since John only color-codes the flags on his case notes in the narrow window after they've solved them but before he's finished typing them up, but Sherlock still sends him scathing texts about it, on average, four times a week.
"I used to fantasize about bodily flinging you into the shower," he adds, unsteady, "and hosing you clean," and then rests his face against the back of Sherlock's long lovely neck, and breathes him in.
John doesn't think they're talking about gaydar any longer, but it's a little bit hard to be sure. "For," he says; and Sherlock says, "The—that text."
"You can use my shampoo," Sherlock says, nodding; and then goes: so that's what John does, then. Sits on the edge staring at himself in the mirror and then
"Pinches?" John asks, and Sherlock nods. John eases it open and Sherlock whines, squirming back, and John gives him a good hard tug and gets the clamp closed again, faster, and Sherlock moans. "Better?" John asks, quiet, and Sherlock nods and nods. Rubs his hand up John's forearm, reaches back for his skull—John kisses his ear, petting at the other nipple, already hard as a rock. "These are nice," John says, as close to conversationally as he can manage. He clamps it tight, and Sherlock bites down on a groan. "Sturdy," John says. "A good investment, I'd imagine."
, after everything: did Sherlock, of all things, find the alliteration appealing? And what, after all, would John discover, really, if he opened that folder? Adams, Alex, of course, with his muscular arms and lightened hair, orangey-bleached: but John isn't angry with him, doesn't need to be angry with him, doesn't know him, can't even really properly
His door creaks open, and John slides his fingers back under the waistband of his bottoms. Touches: shivers, knees falling open; and Sherlock, barefoot, comes back into the room.
," and then reaches up for a pillow, smacks it down against John's face and shoulders, twice. John hooks his feet around Sherlock's knees, still laughing, snatching the pillow and tossing it away to wrestled-wrestling-wrestle the tangle of their bodies smacking elbows-forearm-face into the damp-wrinkled wreck of the sheets.
Panting underneath him. Staring up still halfway inside him, between John's trembling braced thighs. John wants— "I want," he gasps, "I want to—God, I can't—but I said—" thighs twitching and under him Sherlock's mouth eyes cheekbones soften his fair-close lovely hot face and John can't, can't hold, can't stand it; so Sherlock does it for him: mouth soft meeting his mouth as slow, slow, slow, Sherlock pulls himself out.
"I had to," Sherlock says. "I needed—he had to make sure that you would be okay." Pitched low. "I wanted," he says; and John swallows, painfully.
Sherlock sighs again. Rubs at his face. "It's just, everything in my bag is dirty or pajamas, I don't—"
but it looks like—," aching; "—like you give yourself up over and over to what I want, to what—your lovers want, what they
, John remembers thinking, almost first of anything: it'd been a hot, pressed-flat unhappy pang. Now when Sherlock doesn't eat his cheeks hollow and sag and the muscles in his forearms stand out in lines and watching him John feels uncomfortably aware of the meat of him: blood and muscles and bone; that Sherlock isn't—a magical creature or a mirage, perpetually a schoolboy; but a man: the same age now that John was when John met him. John rubs his thumb and fingers firm into the tight muscles of Sherlock's back and shoulders and neck while Sherlock bends forward over his knobby knees and under John's hands he comes apart into a series of soft—startled—grunts and they are both steamed soft by the bath.
"Are you even getting anything out of this?" John asks, too fast, and then laughs. Shakes his head. "Fuck. I just—" He bends his head lower over the sink. Scrubs at the eggy pan.
John's half asleep when Sherlock gets in on Friday—on the sofa, trying fruitlessly to finish his terrible novel.
He isn't—angry. Is he. He wishes he were, almost: it seems—out of character, this; that's all. That's everything. It was—careless, essentially, because Sherlock had left his hard drive attached to John's laptop, still unlocked and mounted. Usable, for—for that photo, and for—whatever else. Whatever else that there might be to see. But Sherlock—all Sherlocks—keep their hard drives rigorously encrypted, and apparently also occasionally hidden under their bedroom floor; and all Sherlocks use absurd, random passwords that are terrifyingly secure and yet nonetheless easy to read off to John—
Sherlock doesn't answer. Just pulls back enough to draw John flush against him, resting his face on John's head. With his face tucked into the collar of Sherlock's coat John can smell all the familiar post-case stale-sweat unwashed smell of him: John wraps his arms tight around his crumpled black shirt and narrow ribs, and squeezes.
"It does seem rather the least he could do," John says, and Sherlock's mouth tilts, rocking into its corners. Chest tight John presses his glass up to his mouth and swallows, swallows; but it's empty.
"But it was a solid attempt," Sherlock tells him consolingly. "For someone of your level of dexterity."
," John says; and feels a hot surge of blood to his face, volcanic, ash-crumbling; hoping it can't be seen.
"My—my mouth," finally. Eyes hot, half-laughing. He can feel tears leaking down his cheeks—absurd—he can't care, he wants, "My mouth, I want you to put it in my mouth," squeezing Sherlock's left hand painfully tight as Sherlock presses a little sweet starburst of kisses against his ankle and fucks him in millimeter movements full up with his heavy bulging silicone cock and the very tips of his two fingers—
. "Your vibrator," Sherlock gasps, with John's fingers in him to the second knuckle slipping deeper as Sherlock arching up to him shudders all over; "Yeah," John manages, breathless; his fingers to their roots,
, with Sherlock petting in gentle and inexorable against his rubbed-soft insides, all of him burning up—John—squeezing Sherlock's tangled-tethering left hand as he
briefly, and was sacked with extreme prejudice after he was caught purchasing a large quantity of high-quality cocaine from a gentleman she'd been helping Manchester Police trace for purposes of indictment"; and John leans back, grinning, helpless: "Christ, of
"Kiss me," Sherlock murmurs, so John twists: hollow empty mouth finding Sherlock's warm mouth as crouched over him their four fingers slip in and out of him, slick.
Cups his hand over John's half-hard cock and John arches, groaning, "God, I don't—I don't know, I don't know,
," ground out, "I know I—"; and Sherlock hits him again. "You—I think," John gasps, "you—desperate,  can barely—the top on the lube sticks, so—" and Sherlock's hand comes down on John's arse so hard it ripples down his thighs through his belly into his tight-heavy balls— "rubbing back against you," thick, "until you're so desperate—I.
"I want to go to bed with you," Sherlock whispers; and John—lets out—breath and heat and sweat all over, thinking—
John gives him a kiss. Another. "Sitting in your lap," he explains; and Sherlock pulls back, eyes widening, but John shakes his head. Kisses Sherlock's mouth, his cheek, his temple: all over his lovely flushed face. Sherlock is looking up at him through his lashes, pink-cheeked, dark-eyed: "I like it," John explains, "with you."
. He could hold open for Sherlock a door; a window. Held open a trapdoor for him once, memorably, in Swansea. John could do things past counting for the chance to lie down just beside him in the bed where Sherlock asked John to kiss him and do up his hooks: one, by one, by one.
"Sodding Chambal," Sherlock grumbles, and turns, dropping his head back against the edge of the partition.
Finally, he says, "But I'm—I've been a doctor for twenty years, I can't just—turn that part of myself off, you know? No matter how much I might want to,"; and then laughs. His throat is tight and achy. "And I think—I think he's really." He takes a breath. "I think he's. In trouble, I suppose."
"I just can't help but notice that you and I've found a bloody efficient way to dispose of our off hours," he finishes, "these past couple days."
"Since Saturday," John says, and his voice turns, dips and swoops. He stops, then clears his throat, breathing in. "It's—it's entirely about me, you see? Or—or he wants it to be. He doesn't—he wants to get me off, as hard and as fast and as—as frequently as possible, but he doesn't—he doesn't want me to—to hold him, or really even touch him, or
Sherlock lifts his head. Props himself up, looking down: his face is tender, serious; his mouth half-curving down. He says, "Why did you think I came to Rouen?"
"Stop," John says; and Sherlock presses their foreheads together. He is breathing, John notes, a little fast.
on him: sliding down John's heating-up stubbled face and damp throat and Sherlock takes a half-step towards John's absurd squared chest in slices bare and covered, again, toward Sherlock's tie at John's waist sliding loose, might as well've not even bothered to—and John wants it,
He pets. Pets. Pets. Against him Sherlock is breathing: in one two three four five, out one two three four five, in and in and in, out and out and out. John strokes his fingers along Sherlock's scalp from nape to crown and back again, over and over and over, in time with Sherlock's warm breath.
John kisses him. Sherlock's mouth is rough at the edges. He smells a bit like spearmint and cigarettes, doesn't taste like anything but his slick familiar tongue. The position's awkward, kneeling up on the wobbling-squashing unstable sofa cushions with Sherlock twisted towards him, face angled up; and his hand falls suddenly on John's back and it would be so easy to—John could—if sliding over to sit across his thighs—
, nearly every weekend, as well, so if I'd thought Eton was hell in the general sense, Winchester was a torture device that'd been designed, specifically, for me." He takes a long, slow breath. "And I'd endured—one year. But."
, and I—he's dreadful at saying no to me, he does—just what I want, so it'd be—it'd be worse than—so how can ask him to—to step past that, just because I want—I want him to—"
"Hand me the bottle," Sherlock says, nodding up; the lube has rolled nearly to John's shoulder, so John twists—
When he does Sherlock tips his face down against the back of John's shoulder, his nose tucking inside the collar of John's shirt. John reaches back, slipping his hand into Sherlock's hair. Sherlock slides his arm around John's waist, pulling John's back tight against his front.
, finally: John getting his wet hand back around Sherlock's hot prick, pulling him—up against—while Sherlock holds him open, panting, pressing against John's hole slick and hot and thick as John breathes
Sherlock's eyes widen. He turns, not very successfully surreptitiously, to breathe into his palm; and John reaches for his wrist.
Sherlock. Knelt on the carpet, looking up at John, as John—John has stepped back from him. Just. Just a little bit. Back.
John laughs, a little. "He's running coagulation studies with pig's blood in the kitchen." He turns the handle, resettling his cup in his saucer. "I got hungry."
been fully happy with my original wording on that not!underage warning; and my unhappiness with it has been gradually moving towards the center of what's actually happening in the story over the past several chapters. I also think that having what is, basically, something like 60,000 words about a romantic lie-in stretched out over something like 18 months of posting time has kind of... metatextually diluted the disturbing content and consent issues warnings that have been there the whole time.
It takes John most of the walk to the Tube station to work out why Sherlock would be in Guildhall. He's a little bit ashamed it takes him so long, but the look on Sherlock's face—as John turns up just in time to watch him get tossed out of the office of the Head of Composition at the music school—means that Sherlock probably isn't. John just grins back. He might've previously thought that that expression represented cutting scorn, but the fact that Sherlock backs him up against the wall just the next corridor is certainly reinforcing John's decision to revisit that opinion.
; but John still could hear it anyway, the Rorschach inkblot of five centimeters of bra strap: for four and a half minutes Sherlock'd gone silent; and then he'd got loud; swinging wildly, perhaps, but he'd still hit back.
Focus. This is: Sherlock, better than naked, in his bed. This is: Sherlock's leg, long and silky in a stocking; prickled all over with the ends of his leg hair: denser than John's, but fair. John tugs the stocking up taut and Sherlock sighs, wriggling closer. His lovely long legs draped over John's lap. John wraps the tie around him, draws it tight.
Mycroft pauses, then leans back in his seat. "Over the past several weeks, the police have intercepted several shipments of firearms coming in at the ports—Swansea, Plymouth, Aberdeen, Hull, one rumored for Bristol that never materialized..."
: he breathes. "Yeah," he says, finally. He doesn't know how to— "I'd like that," he says, then. "If you want me to."
"Maple syrup," Sherlock corrects, and his eyes meet John's—green, electric—then flick down to John's mouth—which parts, dryhollow—and away, as Sherlock pushes up to his feet, clearing his throat, and turns. "Where's the lost-and-found?" he asks Greg.
Sherlock's knees shush against the duvet. His thighs press to John's prickling-up goosebumping thighs. "This?" he asks, quiet, as he rubs the bulbous head of his dripping-slick cock against him, John's whole body still aching with what'd felt like inside.
"It's." John stops, and then takes a bite of his sandwich and then chews and then chews and then swallows. Everything in him feels like—a handful of feathers, in a high wind. Flying out from him. He takes another bite. Chews. Swallows.
, while John licks out panting hard-cold huffs through his stinging nostrils and John has to, has to—grabs at Sherlock's wrists, could—hold him moving with Sherlock pulling at him panting fucking him deep-wide-open for him wanting—and Sherlock gasps, stumbling—forward,
"Yeah," John says. "You've got—blind spots, yeah?" Sherlock's mouth thins, but he nods. "Honestly, I think it's just because you've done so much of your training on your own," John says. "Especially in close quarters. I've seen people get under your guard who I'd never have expected to have a chance of landing a hit on you."
"Should I," Sherlock murmurs, and then heavy hand-head shriveling presses him down. Under him John gasps, barely; "Yeah?" Sherlock asks.
"Mm." John licks his lip: pets circles, circles. Sherlock is breathing hard. Flushing all down his throat. "Tell me more," John says; and Sherlock lets out a slow, half-breath hollow groan.
the things that Sherlock can and can't forgive would match poorly onto that language for everyone else. But. But John didn't, properly speaking, think:
"What, ring me annoyingly?" Sherlock pulls back enough to look down at him: his mad hair, lips rubbed pink.
Sherlock nods. Exhaling. Steadying. "Not quite the ideal situation for your first go," he admits, touching him.
"Yes," Sherlock whispers. Swallows. "You could—," he says, while his body tightening-trembles, "if you want you could—"; and John asks, "Is it all right if I go slow?" very quietly. Sherlock swallows. John can feel it all the way through him. "Yes," Sherlock says, tongue thick, and then exhales: soft; as knee braced suspenders creaking John rubs his two wet fingers against his only-just-barely relaxing body. Only-just-barely dips the tip of one in. Sherlock curls his forehead up to John's shoulder squeezing. His whole body focused and taut, hands tight on John's shoulder and his hair: John wants it to be longer for him. Sherlock, he thinks, likes to pull.
Sherlock opens his eyes, tucking his chin down to look at him. His expression is wide open: a little sharp shiver, sliding down to the base of John's back.
"Thirty-s—um," John says, and then shifts. "Sorry, no—he's thirty-nine, I always—I know he's thirty-nine." He rubs at his face. "You don't have to tell me he's an adult. I know that."
"That you chase witnesses? Yes." Marianne pauses. "In retrospect," she says, slowly, "I think it's possible that he thought he was warning me off."
Slotting his arms around John's body. Back to chest held tight. John licks at his parched lips heart fast and hard and reckless whispers, "All right."
, shoving them into him in what'd seem a truly slapdash fashion if John weren't already so eager his toes are cramping up against his feet. "Could just," Sherlock gasps, "pull you in and—"
"Lucy Matley's office is in Bloomsbury," John says; and Mycroft pauses, and then says, "Yes." John nods, then asks, "So—not far from the British Museum?"
Hand: he jerks. Folding fingers to fingers across his sternum breathing in: he's fallen back asleep. Awakening to Sherlock rubbing his face against John's shoulder, scratchy and sweet. John blinks over at him: his damp pink mouth; his bird's-nest hair; his pale water eyes, pillow lines on his cheek. "Morning," says John, thick; and Sherlock smiles at him, soft all over, still obviously half asleep. John rolls up onto his side to face him. Puts a hand on his warm bare side and kisses him, at the barely-rough edge of his mouth.
"Stay on this cock as long as I let you," Sherlock muffled, said into John's bones, "and then if you need more you'll stay here spread on your knees while you let me get my other one."
"Ah," George says; and something in his tone makes John—furious, flooding hot all over with a kind of sick, helpless rage that he knows, and recognizes, and hates.
; and then he twists back all at once to press a spongy-soft kiss to the crest of John's shoulder, quick, and pulls back.
"He's not got any right," Sherlock says, with a plaintive note, sounding oddly young; but then he bites his lip; bends down to give John a quick, hard kiss; and then straightens up, shoulders squared, face flushed.
"He'd gone to Dover, I did check," Sherlock replies. "He'd got on the train, I had pictures, he was—"
. John swallows. Slides his hand from beneath Sherlock's hand to switch and puts his first two fingers in his mouth. Drooling: Sherlock on his fingerprints, that taste. John wants it all over in his mouth again so he leans forward his mouth again, angling him in: Sherlock grunts. Welling up salt-wet all over the roof of John's mouth, the back of his throat, while John reaches down and pets him under his balls. Sherlock sighs, knees slackening, and hot-dark blood rush wanting
The problem is, really, that John's not ever had much luck with thinking. Not, he knows, what Sherlock in fact means. Fine. John inhales. The science of deduction: fine, all right. That first clamorous rush of their plumbing, that'd be the toilet. The building's ancient; anyone could tell. Another eight seconds of the taps steadily running would be Sherlock washing his hands; and then again, a moment only, after a small space of silence: John swallows. Wetting, John thinks, his toothbrush. Sherlock'd left his toothbrush, the night before: standing on its battery-powered base just to the right of John's electric shaver, even though he'd brought his overnight bag back into John's room. John doesn't open his eyes. When he'd woke the bag was still just where Sherlock'd left it, huddled near the wall inside John's open door. John swallows: all right. All right. That selfsame tide of anxiety: not gone. Under his palm the skin of his belly feels damp. Hot. He is remembering, with a disjoint cinematic clarity, Vic digging a still-wrapped blue toothbrush out of a plastic bin in the cupboard under his sink. He wishes he weren't. Across the landing the shower comes on and John sighs; scrubs at his face, both hands. Rolls over onto his belly to bury his face halfway between the pillows, smell Sherlock's unwashed hair. Breathe in, he breathes in. Even after twenty-four months his room had still—Christ, John thinks:
John curls his fingers on Sherlock's shoulders, and they kiss. John does want to kiss him. He wants all sorts of things. He wants to dirty Sherlock up: get his hands in that hair and that suit jacket half inside-out; he wants to suck Sherlock off in his chair and roll around with him in his big white bed and he wants Sherlock to bend him over the ottoman, smack his arse, talk about John's little rugby shorts, make John call him "sir." It makes his heart race. "You wanted to see me," John says, and Sherlock hums, warm on his skin. John repeats, "You wanted to see me, sir"; that makes his heart race, too.
John nods. Sherlock is flushing again, pink creeping up his face and his throat like water darkening a sponge. "I just wanted to be sure that—that you know that I—," John says; and Sherlock says, "I know"; and helpless John brushes his knuckles against Sherlock's warm pink cheek.
, I, I need to," while Sherlock nods and nods, long throat, head thrown back with John's thigh between his thighs shoving his prick against Sherlock's creamy-soft skin hard cock coarse curling hair John's mouth to his mouth and splayed John's skin melting-overclocked-overflowing into his long—fucking—
"It'd hurt you," Sherlock says, very low, half angry; and swallowing John says, "And I'd—and we'd sort it out, and I'd be fine, all right?" Unlocking: breathe. "We'd be
"Not right now, if you don't want, I mean." John inhales, slings his arms around him, moving up onto his side as Sherlock settles carefully beside him and pulls the duvet up to their heads, palm sliding up John's goosebumped arm:
Sherlock turns back to the suit jacket on its hanger on the handle of the wardrobe and John's feet drag on the floor towards him, towards him; towards him to watch him go out into the kitchen, towards him glancing back to look at John where he stands with his hand on the doorjamb to hold him in place and the dressing gown hanging around him, open; as Sherlock walks sliding himself into the jacket: one hand into one sleeve and then another into another and facing away while John's right hand goes white on the wood. In the living room Sherlock pockets his wallet from the table between their chairs; a handful of coins, mostly John's; his key; and then Sherlock lifts his head and turns back to look at John full on: having to physically hold himself still in the doorway to Sherlock's bedroom, watching like Sherlock's going to war. Absurd: John has been to war; no one watched like that. Out of all proportion to a Tuesday.
He stops. They hadn't used it, but it'd been there: flared at the base and tucked into its own snug-fit section of Sherlock's toybox, between the oral sex simulator and two sets of anal beads: "Ridges, yeah?" John asks, "all the way down"; as nodding and nodding Sherlock moans pawing at John's shoulders and fucking down around him: the sweethot wet drag of his soft inside-skin on John's fingertips as John whispers, "You'd like that?" and Sherlock gasps, "Yes—
"But I do enjoy it," John says, "I get off, don't I? I just—I always want more from him," tongue thick. "Don't I."
"I'm sorry," John whispers; and "No!" Sherlock nearly moans: an animal sound. "No," he says, more softly, "don't, I wouldn't've if I hadn't—," and then stops. There is a small noise sounding in his throat that John can only hear because his face is pressed up against it: over and over, wet and thick. John kisses the side of his Adam's apple. The underside of his jaw.
"Want me to do it better, this time?" asks John quiet; and watching him, quiet, Sherlock hesitates, and then says, "All right."
John pauses, then finishes his lunch. Goes out. Washes his hands, makes another cup of tea. He brings it to Natalie, and leans his head close to hers behind her desk.
"I want that too," John says, quiet. Easing his fingers in and out of him while Sherlock breathes. Shuddering-softens. Pushes his face against him and pets at his genitals and breathes.
Sherlock's eyes are closed, still. Mouth twisted, turning down at the edges. John sidles still closer: knees slipping. Stockings.
"God." John inhales. Long. Slow. Reaching his right hand down to Sherlock's left where it is caressing his leg. He tangles their fingers up together, holds on tight, while Sherlock pets at the ring of his arsehole stretched open and tight-tight-tight, rocking at the toy with his thumb.
"I want to be full of you," John says, quiet. Rubbing his thumb along Sherlock's cheekbone, burning up. "Like you fill," John says unsteadily, "yourself with me."
Leaning back against the bath with his knees bent up, Sherlock is watching him, not frowning, quite. "What are you doing?" he asks, as John fills up the palm of his hand.
"God." John laughs. Rubs his face on the sheets. He gets himself—up, knees under—propped up on his elbow and— "I—Christ." Forehead slipping on the back of his hand pressing taut prints into the pillow. "I, I need—"
. John can't—words gone he puts his hands on Sherlock's lovely warm face and kisses him, left bare without answer, and Sherlock lets him once—twice—then pulls back to say, "I—I left, I—" and John shakes his head shakes his head kissing him "I left and" all over while "I hurt you," Sherlock says, "because you don't—,"
me, I want you to—fold me in half and—" and then Sherlock takes a gasping, half-drowning breath as aching and battered John kisses his face. His throat.
. "Oh—fuck, that's not what I—" while her face is flushing and she's stepping back, saying something he barely registers while he is stammering out, "Sorry, sorry,
"; "every part of you," John says, heavy, wetted through, as curled up panting against into around him with his smudged-melting green eyes Sherlock fucks up into his fist mouth moving no breath no voice no sound: "All those mes," John says, unsteady, "wanting—wanting all those yous, al-always"; and like a crack Sherlock's voice, lashes squeezing shut tight: "Oh—John—
Sherlock nods, and John pulls back. Settling down onto his folded feet, as Sherlock rubs at the back of his skull: on his way down John licks Sherlock's nipple, peaked through cotton, just for good measure.
I do about these, honestly?" John gestures down, turning: Sherlock has rolled up onto his side, tucking his elbow under his head to watch.
"I'm saying I don't know," John says. "I'm saying, you're not perfect, but you're good, and I'm not infinitely confident in my own abilities, without a weapon to back me up."
; as Sherlock's long thick fingers curl into him, deep into him, and "What's that, then?" Sherlock is asking, low and dangerous. "Two cocks up you in one night?"
want—" but shaking his head shaking his head John wraps his arms tight around his middle drawing him bookcoverspagesclosetogether holding him in, and mouth fitting loose back against Sherlock's mouth loose, John's pulse throbs in his palms. Sherlock breathes. Breathes. Pull, stick: under John's arms, shivers drip down Sherlock's spine.
, Sherlock'd said. He's said it before. John hopes to God he'll say it again—but not, John thinks, swallowing the knot of sandwich and anxiety clogging his throat, quite like that. All it'd taken was a pair of 12A snaps, discreetly framed; and inside all those absences Sherlock had seen John flayed open and watched, examined,
Sherlock pulls back, stretches over to the side table, angles up his mobile. "Twenty-one minutes," he says, sliding the ottoman out and getting to his feet.
"St. Paul's," Sherlock says, "or the British Museum, possibly, doesn't matter, I need to go back to Baker Street"; and Greg just stares at him, mouth hanging open. "What?" Sherlock glares at him. "I do mean
A half-meter away, Sherlock's mouth twists, a very little. John reaches over. Touches the downward half of that rueful sideways "s", rubs his fingertips along its curve; Sherlock's tongue darts out:
to you," unsteady. A little too fast, "I want it—so badly I can't—" tripping he stumbles: "but I don't," over his clumsy tongue; "but half the time I don't know how to—I don't know what to do even while I'm—thinking a thousand things an instant and—and panicking, nearly, while you—" and helpless John is pulling him tighter tighter tighter while faster and faster he is saying "—you pet me like—and you kiss me," Sherlock is gasping, "and you let me,
He's looking. John inhales through his nose, gets his fist around himself under his bottoms and pulls. Breathing in hard slow deep, lets it out, fucking into his loose hand under cotton while Sherlock watches, his long white hand just resting against the back of John's chair. John is suddenly split, pinned between awareness of Sherlock's bare feet and the still-damp ends of his hair and the warm-plush-yielding memory of his body wrapped tight around John's bursting body and the weight of Sherlock's dark creamy voice—bricks and stones—when he'd said,
you." He never does manage to get an audience with Mycroft, but after stewing in traffic for a half an eternity the car takes him to an artfully lit restaurant in Islington, where Mycroft's assistant slides in beside him, patting at the underside of her twisted-up blonde hair. She's wearing slightly too much eye makeup and very high heels and carrying the sort of pocketbook women keep inside a larger handbag when they've got plans after the office that don't allow time for a trip back to their flat: John feels a brief, sharp pang of sympathy for her; but then she says, "Mr. Holmes asked me to convey his apologies," in a tone that more or less conveys
Sherlock rubs at him a little, transparently not paying attention. "Where did you get that?" he asks, finally: his gaze has settled at last on the pencil in John's hand. Eyes refocusing. Taking it in.
"Yeah." He swallows, thirsty, but his water is—he picks up Sherlock's instead. "Fine," he says, and drains it.
, spelled out in careful block letters; and it's enough to let him work steadily through the four patients following before fetching his lunch and a bit of kitchen roll from the listing stack of minifridge, kettle, and microwave tucked behind Natalie's desk; then goes back to his own, without much enthusiasm. Nothing quite like a case of VD to put you off everything, he thinks, peeling listlessly at the sandwich's packaging; prawn sandwiches, as it turns out, and all. He goes back to his charting, tries to think about anything but his food while he eats.
It seems absurd to ignore his erection, so John doesn't. It's an erection; John has one too; the only difference being that since Sherlock's leaving at seven he'll probably fuel his into being a bastard to Chloe while John fully intends to have a furious wank and another shower after he goes, so. John washes Sherlock's erection. He's careful with the soap: best not to sting. He nudges Sherlock around to give his arse another quick scrub, too: John'd probably leaked all over him.
After a moment, Sherlock shrugs one shoulder, then the other. "I consulted with an assistant of hers, for a time," he says: careful, light. "During the trials." He turns away again, bending to poke through the mess of objects on the coffee table as he says, "Quite useful with pairing faces and aliases, her office," and then straightening, and taking an audible breath. "Better fetch your gun," he says, finally, and then stuffs his hands in his pockets.
and panting hard, cock hard in his trousers still zipped over his—little—black—shorts and they won't make it upstairs, won't be able to— "Sofa," John groans into Sherlock's open panting mouth and Sherlock groans drops down half-falling sitting onto the sofa with one hand still caught in John's (too-short) hair dragging him down to kiss, and kiss, and kiss. John clambers up onto his knees splayed across Sherlock's long thighs and Sherlock moans wide-open, gasping draws John up straight-tight against him—
"You feel." Sherlock swallows, twice, noisily. "So hot," whispering, "so hot for me," and John twists back to kiss the side of his nose, his eyebrow; and Sherlock makes a distressed, bitten-off noise; so hand tight in his thick hair John is still.
He swallows, instead. "Menace," he says, finally; Sherlock lifts his head. John touches his cheek. "What'm I at, anyway? Five for the day?"
"Oh, you know." Inhaling, arching into him, slow. "'My parents are away for the weekend, do you want to'—oh," Sherlock gasps, as John licks: "just like that."
"Oh, that's right," Brian says, eyes widening. Mouth too. John has just enough time for a sequence of unflattering thoughts about the relative merits of that expression on a decent-looking bloke in any number of other contexts before Brian is saying, "I read about that in the
Sherlock's spent five days casually invading John's space to read his text messages and steal his laptop, but hasn't done a scrap more than breathe against the edges of John's face, his voice a low panther growl so close and hot that every single part of John's body that can become erect does, instantly; and John didn't—he wasn't—he hadn't been
John's hands knot into fists. "You," he breathes, as clattering Sherlock digs about in his chest-of-drawers, "are a first-rate
while tooclose blurred he watches Sherlock drag his own hand scratching across his pink-flushed bitten-up chest over and over, while he drips into-over John's hard stroking-slow fist. Beneath him Sherlock's hips writhe, and writhe, and then
He watches Sherlock swallow. Twice. "Yes," Sherlock says, very quietly, "please"; so John pushes back the duvet and then lies down on his back in his bed. He watches as Sherlock watches him, and then he watches as Sherlock hooks his thumbs in his own waistband and slides down his pants and then climbs gingerly up onto the bed with his long hands and gangly knees and all his pink splotches and creamy skin and John wants to touch him, wants to put himself all over him: his hands, his mouth; but Sherlock hasn't said and so John doesn't do it, just. Stays. Stays, and waits; and if his arm slides out across the sheets, helpless, he thinks he can't be entirely wrong for how Sherlock pulls himself across it, and then lowers himself down. His long body fitting close against John's body; his cheek pressing into John's shoulder, so that the most natural thing in the world is for John to lift his hand, brush his fingers through the renegade ends of Sherlock's curling hair.
"Then I could touch you whenever I wanted to," Sherlock suggests: John nods, mouth empty, too hard. "Lay you out," Sherlock murmurs, "over my knees"; and John sucks in a hard shaky breath and kisses him, over and over and over: "Save the other," Sherlock adds (and a kiss, and a kiss), "for my toys."
"I want to be all right for you," John says; and Sherlock swallows noisily. Nods. "I just want," John explains, "to—to not be another thing," swooping, turning down, "that makes you. Hurt."
"No," John admits. "I don't." He touches it again. It still feels hot. "Maybe," he says, doubtfully, and then drops that hand down too. "You could always do it again," he suggests, "if it doesn't stay."
, fuck, John—rub me, I want—" and then moans, long-unsteady arching under John's body while John tongues at the soft subtle curve of his breast wanting—bare skin, nosing—into the cup while Sherlock gasps, "Oh—John—" as John rubs the wetness at the peak of him lower into his knickers and then pulls off to pant, "You're getting—wet, you're so—wet for me, yeah?" and whimpering Sherlock pulls John's chin up to kiss him, hot-wet and unsteady, fucking up against the wet-smeared drag of John's fist.
"I'm not great at knowing when I ought to tell him no," he says, finally. "And that's—a thing I've talked about with you before, isn't it." He sighs, then says, "Quite aside from anything to do with anyone's genitals," low and wry.
—wanting John drops down onto his knees, and Sherlock's hands shake but he pushes, doesn't he: pushes at his trousers as John pulls at his pants, cock springing out hard and silky and John grabs him gets his mouth on him full up sucking him up swallowing salt-musk-sweat and the last slivers of soap, could've—swallowing could've just shoved him pulled his pajamas down and sucked him on his knees and Mycroft's bloody case could've just gone and got sodding stuffed while in the kitchen Sherlock's hands braced on—on
"I'll keep myself inside you all night." Sherlock's lips brand-hot on John's skin as he fits— "Until I can't stand it, either." —sighing, so tight— "Come buried inside you."
"Please." John's voice catches. Face burning, can't even care. "Just—as much as I can," heart, "I know that you'll need—"
, we're—all sorts of women or—or we're schoolboys, or grown men"; and Sherlock makes a high caught noise at the back of John's mouth and John pets at his cock with his body curved-quaked for Sherlock a cove: "we could be—anything—everything, I think"; and Sherlock gasps, "John—"
"Yeah, but that was—easy, I mean, I knew what I had to—it more or less went: I've got a job, mate, I intend to keep it, so whatever else we do has to fit itself around—" Swallowing. "That. And—"
John nods and starts breaking the head apart. Sherlock digs under the sink and tosses him a pair of nitrile gloves, then sidles around him to get back into the bag. John looks at the gloves, then at him. "Really?" he asks.
John swallows. Hands sliding, Sherlock's warm skin under them, until they meet at the hollow of Sherlock's long back: John's weight, rocking forward: carrying him up onto his toes. The just-barely scratchy corner of Sherlock's soft mouth: it sparks regret burning deep inside John's belly, that he'd not had time to shave. "Can't we." John sighs. "Just go—lie down, just."
He stops, and takes a breath. Then he takes a bite of his sandwich, and chases it with a sip of tea: oversteeped, now. Bitter. He takes another sip anyway.
Christ. John rubs a thumb across one peaked nipple and Sherlock's breath hitches, but he's still—he's still so
John soaps up Sherlock's arch, scrubs in between his hairy toes. "You know," John says. He keeps having to clear his throat. "I like looking after you," he says, as steadily as he can manage. "Like this. Or."
"Right," Sherlock says, and does so; "And we still have a bit of—no, that's empty," and bins the milk, too.
Ashamed, John is thinking: Sherlock is ashamed. Of that, of all things. He curls his fingers, nodding and nodding. Rubbing at the tacky-warm stretch of Sherlock's long spine.
, of all things! and then she'd gone to Bletchley Park: and when one of the former bright lights of the GCCS lives fifteen minutes from your school and turns up to tell you that her grandson needs
"I always have rather wondered," Brian sails on, blissfully untouched, "what, precisely, was the—er,
say no, can I?" John asks. "It's just—with every part of him broadcasting how badly he doesn't want me to reject him—"
Sherlock pulls back, looking at him. "I'm not at all confused about whether or not I like kissing you," he says; and "I know that," John says: exasperated, almost. The world's most frustrating tennis match, he thinks: files it away, for later, when Sherlock will laugh. "I just mean," John says, instead, "I want you to feel like you can—
—and pinned him moving-moaning squirming in John hands and relentless starving throat Sherlock would—would soak—spreading, drench—all—over, all over John's tongue and lips and teeth and his bare burning—
John hesitates. "No," he says, finally, trying to be as tactful as he can manage, "but I don't think either of us will get much sleep the other way, do you?"
"Can I—ask you, about." John licks at his own lip. "I mean, I don't want to push you, Sherlock, but it's. Hard, to play this one by ear."
, and then he sets it aside, and pushes up to his feet, and gathers up the crisp-air-dried bundle of his sheets.
Sherlock glares up at him. It loses some of its heat, with the apple-red flush all over his cheeks and his chest. John feels Sherlock like a fishhook in his organs, tugging
John rubs both hands over his face. "Fuck," he says aloud, pointlessly; then sits up, fast. Stands. Unbuttons his trousers; his shirt, halfway, then yanks it and his vest together up over his head, static crackling in his hair. He shoves down his trousers and his pants, sits to pull off his socks, and then lies back down flat on his back and glares at his erection. It appears to be unfazed by his irritation. John sighs, and rolls over to open the drawer in his bedside table. The cap on his lube sticks a bit, but he gets it open. Gets his hand wet and grits his teeth and gets to it, since that's apparently what he's going to do. He's perfectly capable of getting himself off—and why not, really, not as though he's not got plenty of material, between Sherlock's long pale hands and his long pale legs and his skin, flushing up, as, as he touches himself through his sheets—
: amber-blue, his sliver of bare heaving shining sternum soft skin wanting—his hands‚ and—his little bitten not-half-silent little lovely grunts with his bowing back as John's knees dig into wet and grit and John holds the base of Sherlock's thick cock and tries to get him so deep he'd undo the knot in John's chest he'd pull him all the way open and shudder into him,
: as Sherlock is wrapping his fingers around the back of John's knee. "I just don't want that to be the line between us, Sherlock," John says. It makes his chest tighten, helplessly. "I don't want to feel like—like you can do this or that with absolute impunity because they only make me—sad, or hurt, or furious, but this other thing is enough to send me into some kind of—brain-consuming drain spiral, so that's off-limits, I don't want—"
"No," John says, turning his face. Soft: nosing at his nose. Their mouths meet, part: a warm welling-up bloom in John's belly. A burst.
"Oh, well, in that case," John says, and Sherlock's mouth does that lovely almost-S not-smiling thing it does when John's amused him properly: John's throat swelling hot into the heart of his chest. He could get down on the floor, he thinks. He could kiss his thighs through his trousers. Rest his cheek, he thinks, on his knee. Instead he reaches out: right hand over left on the table. Sherlock's mouth softening, pink.
"Truly," John asks, very gently, "do you think it's demeaning?"; and in an instant Sherlock goes to scarlet from pink. John can feel his own mouth twisting, pulling down: he reaches for Sherlock's long hand and tugs at him, pulling his long albatross hovering in so that John can fit himself in, close, underneath. Wrapping his arms 'round his middle. Tucking his nose against his throat, his knuckles brushing the peach-soft fuzz on his spine. Sherlock is grabbing on to the back of John's shirt, clinging on, hands tight. It's all right. If he rips it John has other ones. He's so warm.
John touches his cheek. Sherlock's jaw, roughening: John'll be stubble burn all over, in the morning: he loves it.
"You can," swallowing: "you can do anything you want to me," John tells him; and Sherlock groans against John's jaw, pulling him—back, pulling him—
. Christ. He didn't—hot and embarrassed and dizzy, dissected, adored, he kisses the corner of Sherlock's mouth.
The lotion smells like nothing in particular, but John's spent enough time with his face buried in Sherlock's neck for it to make the skin on his back prickle up, his blood a single hot throb underneath; just as loud, acrid buzz starts up in Sherlock's bedroom; and Sherlock tenses, head to toe. The buzzing stops, then starts, then stops. Again.
"I'm not entirely sure that I can wholeheartedly endorse the experience," Sherlock murmurs, still—fucking—
"Yeah," John agrees, and Sherlock touches John's hip through his jeans. The buttoned-up placket of his shirt. John's belly jumps.
to you." He bites it out: ferocious. Enraged. "Not—things you chose, or didn't choose, or—all the people you thought about being, and then—then decided not to be."
"I never should've got my own flat," she decides. "It makes it loads harder to shave off Mikey's hair in his sleep"; just as a long, oppressively fretful presence is sidling up behind John, while everyone else laughs.
"Or it's more like a compulsion," John says, and then sets his tea down. His face hot. "A compulsion to—to please me," he says; and then, very quietly, "Or"; and then he folds his fingers over his mouth, tight at the corners, pulling down.
He can't—look, he can't—he bends back down for his stained shirt. Bundles it to his chest and says, "I have to," as he stumbles for the door, weaving through the tilted too-real blur of kitchen—living room—stairwell until he can drag his clumsy feet over his landing and lock his door behind him and curl up on his side in the dark with his skin still prickling and sparking all over and the crack of his arse still sore, soaking wet.
But still hollow-mouthed and leaking, leaking all over, sweating and salty and panting as Sherlock watches him ravenous: John wants to let him. John wants to let Sherlock put John's dildo into him where Sherlock has been with his cock and his toys and his tongue and his fingers, the first person John's loved in years, and the last, and the truest; and so helpless and starving in his long clever hands John lets Sherlock touch him rub him open peel him so entirely that when John comes he can barely feel it, not with Sherlock's panting-hot still-wanting breath so close to him not touching that even shivering-sticky out of his skin want is still—still fucking
do. A half-dozen possible futures are crashing into each other at the backs of his eyes: a low slow roiling clamor while his spine prickles icepicks, impossible to pull apart; heart loud in his chest
"For later," John says, fumbling with the lube, "kiss me"; and Sherlock wraps his arm around him and moans into his mouth as John presses his fingers back into him, heart hammering against his chest. "You." Kissing. "Ready? Or—"
; but he doesn't remember how much of that's true. He says instead, "You were already—," and then stops.
"Well," says John. Clearing his throat. "That throws the time I stole my dad's motorbike for a Slayer concert in Newcastle
"You make me feel like I—I could be a stork in fancy dress," Sherlock says, voice rough; and then, very low, he adds, "if I wanted to"; and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's hot, hot face.
"Why, aren't they sexy?" John asks, stepping out of his boxers and leaving them on the floor, while Sherlock, twisting to look up at him, rolls his eyes.
, Sherlock'd said; so John touches his stomach: two brushstroke fingertips on his hollowing belly, skimming down the crisp-dusky line of hair trailing from his navel to his button, and below. Sherlock'd asked John to touch his stomach so John touches his stomach: what can it matter, if Sherlock'd changed course halfway through? Palm flat, just for an instant,
"Do you want to have a bath with me?" John asks, quiet. That little knob of bone: heart-stopping. Taste thick in the back of John's throat. Sherlock doesn't answer. John looks up: his face. "Will you have a bath with me?" John says, instead; a simpler question; and Sherlock inhales, straightening, and says, "Of course I will," in his crispest, most superior Winchester-and-Cambridge-hewn vowels, then adds, "Don't be stupid, John," and turns back for an instant to turn off the taps.
"She wanted to know," John explains, "if I wanted to meet a friend of hers"; and Sherlock lifts his head.
"Not the way you mean, at least." John sighs. "I don't think—I never really thought of him as being—being a people-pleaser, you know, he's so—he can be so—well, difficult, really. Abrasive. But—." He stops. Swallows—
Sherlock nods. Hand hot on John's heavy balls. Squeezing him: pinned by Sherlock's two arms John, helpless, writhes.
: Part—what're we on? 47 I guess—47 will be a little bit late; my apologies. It’s about 80% done and has been so for a week—I’ve been ill, and I’m still really exhausted. It’s not out of the question it’d go up tomorrow, but Tuesday seems more likely.
Sherlock is very gentle, when they kiss. John is gentle, too. He likes it, he is finding, with a warm prideful flush of pleasure and embarrassment: how absurd it feels, how private. Here is a newly unshadowed unseen thing: Sherlock with his big hands braced behind John's back so he can lean his long warm body into John's body, so he can trade with him small not-quite-silent kisses, so he can rest their foreheads together in between. John pets his long spine through his shirt. It has been a very long time, John is thinking, since he has kissed anyone quite like this. It makes him feel soft, and foolish, and glad.
"Not at all." Could laugh, really. Sherlock's mouth, curling up at its edges, his elbows on the table. "To be quite frank," John says, "that's the only kind of minibreak at the shore I'm much interested in."
Holmes shifts his weight. The cane. Settling across John's lower back. "Mr. Watson," Holmes says, in that low, shudderingly-silky voice, "have you been leading my boys astray?" and John laughs: wild, too loud. The cane lifts, then snaps back down, hard, against his thighs. It surges in his skin, hot. Pools up in him, drips out.
"; wanting—wanting— "I think about us like this," John says, "and then I think about us—older": and eyes widening mouth open Sherlock takes a breath from him and John. Gives it to him. Over and over again: a kiss and a kiss and a kiss. "I think—I think about us grown up," John explains; Sherlock gasps; and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's hot face while Sherlock is staring blurred up at him fucking up into him as John whispers, "And I think about us—
"I like this," Sherlock says, quiet. Spreading out his hand: palm flat. John swallows, looking down at him, feeling—unsteady. Unsure.
"God," John gasps, then laughs. "Well." Sherlock shivers, pushes back, but John can't, he just—just kisses Sherlock's shoulder, heart roiling in his chest, easing up. "Not quite the master plan, but," kneeling back. "Are you all right?" He rubs at the sweaty small of Sherlock's back, petting down, careful circles, light.
From here, John can't see it when Sherlock swallows but he watches the shift in his features and the lift of his chin and he thinks:
John rubs at his face. "What happened?" he asks, very quietly; and standing in the kitchen with his head bowed Sherlock is quiet, and very, very still.
, must not be real, can't be true because they are touching where he can feel Sherlock warm and solid through his crisp cotton shirt in an unflattering green and John hasn't fallen over or flown apart or exploded yet, but—
"We could close that box and I could spend the night putting my bare hands all over you, or you could whip out the fucking machine that I genuinely would not be surprised to find that you keep in your wardrobe and put on leather chaps and a hat and show me how you ride it," John says, very gently. "I'm not going to be intimidated."
come inside you," unsteady: John nods. Sherlock swallows, noisy, twice. "I want to be able to, to put my hand into you and—and
George pauses. "If you feel that way about your job," he says. Voice neutral. He could sound—uncertain, couldn't he. Almost. A bit.
Sherlock laughs. Gasps. Laughs and gasps and gasps. Clutching at John back and shoulders press-pulling close can't be close can only be so close and John can't—can't undo—can't be what—can't care more then or care less now but this, but
In the kitchen at home Sherlock has made bangers and mash, duck à l'orange, and fried rice; then buggered off God only knows where with two of the windows left open and just shoved all the pans in the fridge. The fried rice is about two-thirds jalapeños: John scrapes it into the bin. He eats half the duck, though, sitting in the wet cool breeze from the windows with Sherlock's chair pulled closer so he can put his feet up, because there's a half a staged murder with a lightly singed mannequin currently occupying the ottoman.
It makes his face hot. It is, he can know in retrospect, exceedingly strange that he didn't, not to—not to truly note. Back in their past life he'd thought about flinging Sherlock between cases, stroppy and odiferous, into the shower and hosing him off; but had he thought—had he thought about scrubbing his hair, his face, the lovely bird-wing architecture of his back? Had he—had he ever—back in—or in that long terrible stretch of celibacy after—after he'd—; but he doesn't know, he can't remember: in this moment his desire feels so vast as to be unfixable in time: surely, he wants to say, surely he must've—he must've known in some dark room inside him how he wanted him; he must've—must've looked at Sherlock, and himself, and then carefully locked that door shut. But he isn't at all certain that he did. He knows that it had felt—with Rebecca, with Cal, with Janeka, even to some certain extent with Paul though with Paul of course things had been different—desire, and the indulging of that desire, had felt so—so
"Tell me, then." John manages something of a smile, cracking and lopsided. "If you want me to help."
"Of course," John says. "I've already been going since before you got in, so." Sherlock's gaze has slid down his face, settled somewhere around the base of his ribs. "Not half fair."
"But he won't let you do it," George says; and John gasps, "Christ—"; and George continues, relentless, "You said that since Saturday, he—"
Sherlock sighs, shoulders slumping. It makes a knot inside John that John hadn't before noticed start to come undone, slither free, as Sherlock is wriggling his body all over to touch him. Plastered close: thank fuck. John wants to be tied up with him all over, as Sherlock's knees slot between John's knees, and John's shoulder tucks under his cheek. Sherlock makes a little soft noise: spine slumps. He presses his warm mouth soft to John's throat.
, shuddering moans; comes arched-up pressed down blinking yellow and purple while Sherlock digs his thumb
—" if you were me and up above him Sherlock pushes his back into the sofa, shoulders squeaking, as too-fast he nods. His dark silvery eyes slipped halfway shut. Magnetized John touches the soft-furled damp clutch of his arsehole,
, Sherlock'd said to Mrs. Hudson: the most accurate description John himself could give. The inverse of object permanence: all the unshocking unknown things that they keep discovering inside themselves. All mysteries, from outside. It must seem like a change, mustn't it: this precise transmogrification, of their twenty-nine months staring into that particular howling void; but it isn't. Now Sherlock touches him and John lets him, yearns for him, wants always more of him: new, perhaps, but it doesn't feel any different. A through line, invisible, to 2010, 2012. 2013.
—" and then lets out a long low hot treacle-slow moan as John drops his hands to his groin, soaps up his balls and his shaft and the wiry thatch of his pubic hair that dizzily John can remember-feel-taste scratching and sweaty against his lips and his nose and his chin. "Later," John gasps, "
John inhales, deep. "I want you to be with me," he says. Steady. Low. The waitress is miles away. "I like it, I like—
John rubs his face on Sherlock's collarbone. Up-down. Up-down. "Yeah," he says. Unpeels their sticking bodies enough to slide sideways onto the duvet, as Sherlock, flushing pink and lovely, tugs his knickers up on his hips. John props his head up on his head, watching Sherlock shift himself up to sitting, cross-legged. Pink, in splotches, all over his face and his shoulders and his throat. Sherlock twists back for the water, drinks half of it before passing it down: John takes two long sips, then passes it up for Sherlock to finish it off. His throat, tilted back. John rests his hand on Sherlock's crooked knee. His stockings are slipping down again, a bit.
"Wine!" cheers Rhoda; and Denise leans across her to snag the bottle near Marianne, and top up Rhoda's drink. Natalie and Tariq manage to bump into each other, giggling, as they reach over to fill up Sherlock's waiting glass, which he then clutches by the stem, never lifting, in a whiter-than-usual-knuckled grip. At the other end of the table Ben and Paige are taking advantage of their physical proximity to start in on the sort of political argument you can only really quite manage between people of varying stripes of the very far left, while everyone else wisely leaves them to it; Tariq is, mercifully, leaning onto the table to shout past John in continuation of his utterly transparent meal-long campaign to get into Tom's pants. Under the table John works his mobile out to text Natalie:
"Yeah," John gasps, and then chokes, "k-kiss me," and then burning up all over tilts his face down-down-down towards Sherlock's tight arm until he almost can't breathe.
A small soft wanting sound, caught at the back of Sherlock's wet mouth. "Touch me," Sherlock whispers. Hot. His hands are trembling, just: sinking down into John's shoulders. Rumble and hum. John pets the soft damp curve of his back and Sherlock shifts so John's fingers slip down onto the curve of his arse: Sherlock whines; and—oh. Swallowing John pets, Christ: Sherlock pressing back against him, sliding apart his long thighs. Hunching over John's body Sherlock presses his forehead down to John's forehead, breathing deep. John strokes the shivery velvety curve at the bottom of his arsecheeks. The damp coarse fuzz in between.
." He rubs his face. Shaking his head, half laughing at himself. "All right. I—may have deserved that."
: an insistent thud-thud with the pulse of his blood as John hangs up on Sherlock's voicemail. His screen tells him that it is just past ten in the morning, Sunday, 19 July: no texts. No voicemails, no missed calls: his heart beats loud in his chest. His mobile is still in his hand, he could—call again, text him. Ring Greg.
"I wouldn't hold you to it," Sherlock says. His mouth moving: pink; but of course he wouldn't, John is realizing, aching; Sherlock can barely let John offer him things he wants; he wouldn't hold John to anything; and John's heart dips and rolls in his throat: off-balance, sweet.
"Rhoda's spent quite a while thinking of you as my profoundly tactless flatmate," John says; then scrubs his palm over his own turned-up face.
He doesn't quite know what he is waiting for until he gets it. Her eyes meet his. He feels it like a physical impact, an audible click: heavy, familiar. Unsaid. She takes a step, then pauses, eyes darting to his left; and so John moves instead. The human touch, wasn't it? And so recognized he moved moves is moving when he meets her beside a rack of straps and laces, in black and charcoal and neon blue. His hands empty at his sides.
"Yeah." Sherlock finishes washing the pepper, turns the taps off. "And—as you'd expect, I'd think—not being odd was rather a full-time job, for me."
"Stand up, please," Holmes says, a moment later. Wrong. John shifts his weight back. Stands up. Lets his dressing gown fall. When he turns Sherlock is looking at him, wide-eyed, with his arms wrapped over his ribs and his mouth twisted down; and John says, "Am I dismissed," and it doesn't come close to hitting the right tone but Sherlock just scrubs at his hair and nods, Holmes long gone.
Sherlock is flushing. Redder when he pulls back, looking down at John. His eyes soft at the edges: old-paper yellow, sea green.
"Then," John says, and then. He stops. Clears his throat. "If I—were someone else, and you were someone else, and we'd—just... met, somehow, you know, and thought we wanted to—we might. We might just—"
Anyway. Long story short: this chapterlet is going up on January 22nd. The next chapterlet will go up on
: still burnt into his retinas. Shivering its way down his spine. Alone in his office he braces his palms on his desk top. They feel strange:
"Please let me," John whispers; and looking up at him red-faced cracked-apart wide-eyed, Sherlock opens his mouth, so that John can brush his teeth.
Sherlock presses the whole of his body against him, cock burning against John's skin in the gap of their yanked-open trousers and shoved-down pants. Sherlock's face pressed to John's temple, with John's hands on his arse—
It comes out—merely curious, voice light; but his eyes are dark with his pupils, hugely wide, and he is holding his lips pressed a little too firmly together, a ghastly sort of parody expression that John is fond enough of him to pretend is a smile.
"Do you think Mycroft can get me CCTV?" John asks, and Sherlock leans up and nips at his ear so John turns his face down, because it seems the most logical course of action.
John swallows. Nods. "So then—maybe I can just check in, yeah?" he asks, "Even—even about stupid things"; and Sherlock sighs, rolling onto his back, flopping down at John's side. John props himself up, looking down at him. He says, quiet, "Like you check in with me."
It's really too warm to be pressed together on the sofa like this, but. Sherlock's long fingers tuck into his arch. "Done?" Sherlock asks, in the idle way of someone not feeling idle about it at all.
"Six, then," John murmurs, rubbing feather-light at Sherlock's nipple, and Sherlock shakes his head, hard and fast. "Seven?"
"Here, that's not going to work, I can't—" John laughs, embarrassed. "If you make a crack about my height right now, I swear—" but Sherlock just twists, putting his arm up around John to make better room his whole body curved while John—gets his weight on his elbow, gets his mouth to brush Sherlock's mouth, then gets—tries to get— "Sorry, I've got to use my right hand," he says, a little breathless, "or you've got to roll over," and Sherlock says, "Give me the lube," so John flops about with his pajamas twisting up around his hips trying to pass over the lube and then Sherlock takes his wrist, and John pushes his weight against his own braced elbow straining to kiss him feeling—odd, and awkward, with his still-slick left hand in a fist on the sheets between the pillows while Sherlock gives him lopsided toothy kisses and slicks up John's right fingers with his fingers between John's fingers, and John wants—he wants to push Sherlock's knee
A breath. John licks at his bottom lip. "Your circulation," he says: it comes out rough. He clears his throat. "I don't want to hurt you."
irrelevant. Sherlock at school would've been impertinent. Sherlock at school would've been a terror: a rude, strange-looking boy with no social skills and a crushing, overactive mind. He really did reorganize the library alphabetically by the first letter of the text and then by height—or, at least, he told John he did, and John can believe it; can believe that Sherlock at fifteen spent half his time trying to blow up various school outbuildings and a fair percentage of it succeeding; can believe that Sherlock, at fifteen, was awkward and ungainly, sullen unless it suited him to be a smart-arse; out of uniform more or less constantly, because he's always loathed ties; undergrown, still; but still with his startling eyes.
." Still squeezing. Sherlock squeezes back. "Not," John says, "the demonstrably nonsensical proposition that I would ever leave you, because I." He swallows. "Won't."
Sherlock nods, thighs tensing as he goes to stand, and John violates every rule he'd thought he'd had, to put his hand on Sherlock's knee and squeeze.
at him—: John clears his throat. "Timeout, yeah?" he says, quiet. "On the—the cuddling, I mean. Just for a bit?"
Sherlock is watching him, silent, with his sensitive hands and his sensitive mouth and his arms crossed over his sensitive chest—his, his nipples, probably, that he plays with alone in his bedroom when he doesn't let himself come; here in the kitchen with an inch and a half off his height, the way he's sunk his weight into his hips.
"That's a shame," Nat says, taking all her pens out of their cup and then clattering the lot back in, "we'll miss you both tomorrow. I mean—assuming we don't have to cancel," and then sighs. She opens her top drawer, and then closes it again; then the second; then the third. Then she tilts down the rim of the bin by her chair, poking around a few forlorn balls of discarded sticky notes and scratch paper—but there, a patch of pink on the floor. John bends.
; and right into his ear Sherlock had made a little hot longing sound that'd lit John up like sparklers all over, zinging all over him, searing into his skin; and then Sherlock had said his name. So. So John'd pitched his voice low and warm in a shade of Sherlock's big-cat bedroom and back-of-cabs voice and told him that he'd still got the knickers on, that he'd been petting himself through them, that he'd been practicing holding the back out of the way, and Sherlock'd sounded half-disbelieving, half-embarrassed, when he'd asked, uncertain,
It's getting late. The sinking sun is turning everything apple-red and golden, a humid summery haze clinging to the ends of the day. He ought to—to go back to Tesco's for bread and eggs, to text Sherlock back, to go home and start his washing. Hoover. Wipe down, he thinks, warm-faced, the sofa.
"What do you think?" Sherlock asks, too close; John jumps, a little. He didn't hear him come in. He's on the seventeenth letter—note, really; they're by and large creative, but not long. Sherlock's hair is a mess: flat on the left but sticking straight up everywhere else, like he'd not done anything to it after he escaped from John's bed; and he's got a pair of cheap sunglasses stuck into it: lopsided and smudged, obviously completely forgotten. Only one of his sleeves is rolled up. He's cradling a sweating Starbucks cup, size ginormo, close against his chest, and he sets a more reasonably-sized one down for John: "Iced latte, no sugar," he says. "Decaf. I wasn't sure if—" and then he stops, his throat and jaw and cheeks reddening in turn, not meeting John's eyes.
"You make the tea," John says, quiet, and Sherlock nods, so John smooths the t-shirt down over his belly and steps out into the kitchen, shoulders back, jaw tight.
He stops. Throat tight, heart pounding all over, Sherlock clinging to him with his arms and his legs and the wet-rubbedsoft spaces of his body: "I'd kiss you," John says, unsteady, "and then—what would you want?"; and arched up under him panting pressing forehead to forehead Sherlock under him grinds out, "I'd want you to kiss me until I could barely breathe," and then shivers as John kisses him, clenching all over: "And then," Sherlock says, voice rough, "I'd want you to turn it on."
sweat shining on his apple-red face between John's folded-tight tensioned aching knees as Sherlock fucks in hard balls slapping against John's skin burning stretched tight-tight-tight and buzzing the whole of him burning and aching—wanting—
"Oh." Sherlock shrugs and passes him the cutting board; a knife, handle first. "Two or three cloves."
John nods. "You shave with the grain, don't you." He brushes rubs his thumb through the foam along Sherlock's right cheek, down to his jaw; and then presses his fingertip under Sherlock's chin again. Tilting it, very slightly, to the side.
, Sherlock's voice) and mounds of frills and satin and lace and a trio of shopgirls, all doing other things: a fox-faced brunette behind the register, ringing up the purchases of a plump middle-aged woman in a pantsuit; an alarmingly ringleted blonde refolding purple ruffles at a table to his right; and a petite Black girl using a hook to lift a dressing gown back to a rack high on the back wall—asymmetrical undercut—black braces—grey pinstripe necktie—and John watches her mute and pinned just inside the door until she feels him watching, and looks up.
had been dating. Harry had gone out with a tattooed blonde from group, twice; then spent a month and a half with a tiny, waifish microbiologist she'd met at a weekend workshop on shibari; and then she had started taking art classes again and all of a sudden they'd been coming in droves: young mums just starting in on their complicated divorces; other middle-aged working women, getting their hands back into paints and charcoal and clay for the first time in decades; at least four incredibly striking life models, one of whom had turned up naked in their kitchen at half six in the morning and nearly given John a heart attack; university girls with rolled jeans and huge glasses and jumpers that'd been hideously ugly when John and Harry'd been their age, but were in again, apparently. Harry'd been getting laid four times a week, not infrequently by three different women; she'd been healthy, happy, sober, and flush with irritatingly well-screwed contentment; and John, meanwhile, had been, for almost a year, entirely celibate.
After a moment. "Well," John says, "if you change your mind," as he then sinks his weight down into the center of his body, pressing his skin down into Sherlock's warm, pink skin.
"Well, we still owed her a favor," Sherlock says. Wriggling closer. He's practically sitting on top of John, but John doesn't really mind.
"It's not unreasonable to expect someone you're shagging to not knowingly hurt you, Sherlock," John says. "It's not unreasonable expect that of
"Look," she says, more gently. "You gave a young mum something to make her feel better today, and some places she can hopefully get help tomorrow, and that's not nothing."
His body is moving without his help. Broken open. Spilling everywhere, as Sherlock says, "If that's what you need," curling his clever fingers—
"Yes," she says. Leans back. "I like kids, and I like helping people, and I like helping kids. So I like my job."
, a full citation, and a nonzero amount of the surrounding original French text--it was a lot harder than that sounds. Anyway, we finally did
Quick John swipes his hand through the dirty water, which splashes up between them onto Sherlock's ribs; so then Sherlock grabs him by the head and shoulders and John locks his knee around Sherlock's long thigh and Sherlock tries to shove John's face down into the water underneath his armpit while the bath protests loudly underneath them and John laughs and laughs and laughs.
Beside Sherlock John chops the onion. Then the fennel. Then the pepper. It is a simple, methodical task, but hip to hip with Sherlock in their overcrowded kitchen it feels new all the same. He is acutely aware of Sherlock's hands, coaxing the zest off the lemon and then frying it with the garlic John minced, turning the oil a limpid nut-brown. The smell fills the kitchen, clusters on the back of John's tongue. John is acutely aware of Sherlock's long spine and unflattering green shirt with its rolled-up sleeves and the way his shoulders curl in and down a bit, weight sinking into his hips, when, finished, John sets down the knife beside the chopped veg on the board and pushes up just enough to kiss the soft hair curling onto the back of Sherlock's long, pale neck. Sherlock could pull away, but he doesn't. Instead with a steadiness that feels deliberate he slides his left foot back and all his weight with it so that he is pressed to John back to front: if, inconveniently, John were a bit taller, he could hook his chin over Sherlock's shoulder, and watch him cook the fish; but he isn't. It isn't as though—John
John who is scraping-crouching-cluttered above him bending down to trade the taste of him onto his tongue with his hand splayed flat across Sherlock's fair flushed chest and his roaring, hammering heart. John. —'s whole body, opening—open, barely opening—"
"I am summoned to the presence," Sherlock grumbles. Hands. His leg is slipping back between John's legs arms tucked around-wedged under John's torso, long warm feet stashed comfortably up against-underneath John's calves; and then, at last, Sherlock settles. Nose wedged against John's jawline; swallowing billows of breath.
—and he presses his body down to kiss Sherlock so hard he feels his edges blur—the seams of him, opening—
"Well Reuben did get half a bottle of sherry down Vaughan at the drinks party after," Ben is telling Jeremy, "but I can't imagine you'll be surprised to learn that it didn't much improve him"; and the entire table, except Priyanka, bursts into laughter.
Nose tucked to him. Mouth on his ear. "It was awful," Sherlock whispers; low into him: irresistible, like a lock with a key.
. So deep, Sherlock rubbing his knuckles into John's belly while John pants— squirms, knotted—and then
"Well, I'd expect nothing less from you." John wipes his left palm on his jeans, squares his shoulders. "En garde?"
Still red, Sherlock shakes his head. "I'm fine." His hands balling closed open and closed in the air. Knees twitching.
—" startled into a flinch; so John loosens his hands. "Sorry," he says, hushed. Sherlock shakes his head, clumsy, without lifting it; and gentling John rubs, tender, not hard, until under his fingers Sherlock's breathing eases; as John pets the knots in him soft as best he can: one, by one, by one.
, Sherlock had asked, on the phone, last night. Voice thick with something mingled of longing and fear.
me," and John gasping helpless cringing shakes his head, and then pulls up stumbling half to his feet.
"Well, I'm expecting Sherlock back tomorrow, actually," John says, in the surgery, at half six, Thursday night. He is keeping his voice careful; precise; light. "Possibly even in time for Rhoda's birthday party. If she doesn't have to cancel." Then, remembering again that post-mortem in Basildon, John adds, "I'm sure he'll be disappointed to miss the opportunity of chatting with you," just to watch the smirk calcify on Brian's face.
himself: gasping, a low and helpless whine. His face is pressed down to Sherlock's shoulder. Even John is too tall for this. It hurts his back they won't be able to even though hard in his trousers but John can't get them open in this position aching all over strung together badly seams digging in like his jeans all of him bound together too tight; and "John," Sherlock says, into the middle. It feels like a key.
A laceration, that thought: hot in his throat and his ribs, and John ought to be sectioned for the way it shoves his blood boiling all over through his too-small suddenly tightening body, but he feels as huge with it as he'd felt for Sherlock with the cane. He touches Sherlock's pointed chin, and his hands don't shake; and what does it matter, really, if everything inside him has been tossed to the floor, if he can still be gentle, when he wipes Sherlock's face.
"—and provides a safe forum in which to—the little pictures really make me take them terribly seriously, I must say," Sherlock says, and turns his laptop around so that John, squinting, gets a glimpse of, inexplicably, a skull with vampire fangs, and then Sherlock pushes his laptop away across the mattress and turns up onto his hip, rubbing at the back of John's calf. "Are you asleep?"
"If you were," Sherlock says, voice thick. "Me, I mean—" but tight and anxious hard John shakes his head.
"They get out, you know," Sherlock murmurs, under his hands. "Grow in among the hedgerows"; and John shifts.
"I think we need some sort of a scale," John admits, crossing his legs under him to sit up. He squeezes Sherlock's shin.
"Surely you've noticed," Sherlock murmurs, between kisses, "that I'm a bit weird," (and another—, another—) "about giving up control";
"Edward Vaughan is a second-rate arsehole," Priyanka is telling Ben. Hand still tucked into his elbow. Everyone else leaning, ever so slightly, back. Priyanka's not the sort any of them would cross; she's the sort who turns up to the surgery in cargo pants and Birkenstocks and more or less bullies their patients into getting better, a square stocky woman in late middle age with the sort of brusque, no-nonsense manner that John imagines necessarily comes from spending forty years living with a white bloke with an ill-kempt beard who teaches medieval history and named their son Faramir. "He's still put out he didn't win the Patterson Prize back in 497 B.C.E., and he likes to make sure everyone around him pays the price."
John pushes himself up, in amid the mess of pillows, and then twists to start stacking them back up. "The box, I mean." John laughs. "I have no opinion on the age of your sex toys."
"Yes, love," says Ben, and leans in to kiss her greying hair, "and your mother-bear instincts are still very charming, but sadly, the Edward Vaughans of the world are simply a feature of modern academic life." Priyanka huffs, but doesn't look entirely displeased.
, and have tugged, insistently, at the fraying sleeve of Sherlock's t-shirt, and then—not looking away from the handsome man in velvet trousers in Mrs. Holmes's dusty smoky living room awash in silk-filtered sunlight—John, defiant, would've slid his hand down and down into Sherlock's strong-fingered, still-oversized, boyish hand.
"Lie down," he says, "und—," and then stops and crosses his arms over his chest. He's still wearing his pants.
"It's all right," Sherlock says; and John laughs and says, "It'll probably take me even longer to not just cuddle up to you in the night and try to—
sexual humiliation checklist; and they'd both known it. But the really horrible part had been that Sherlock'd been
Anyway. Like I said, neither Anne nor Isobel is precisely based on a historical person, but they are amalgamated from/spiritual cousins of a number of real twentieth century women in mathematics, science, and computing, including but not limited to the aforementioned
"I mean—" John pulls back, looking up. "Please don't misinterpret this as any sort of foot-dragging on my part, but—"
John swallows. Slicks up his fingers—the angle's awkward, his left shoulder trapped clumsily by the mattress and their bodies and his arm barely able to move, but he can do it if he gives it a go, shifting himself close and petting his wet fingertips along the crack of Sherlock's arse, already pulled half-apart, enough for John to rub at him, get his two fingertips just dipping in while he—stretches—
John takes their Starbucks cups and bins them. Sherlock takes the little heaps of letters up off the table and pins them here and there to his board, frowning; then notices his jacket on the floor and picks it up. Shakes it off. He takes it with him when he goes into his bedroom and then comes out ten minutes later in a neatly tucked-in white shirt with no damp on the front and the sleeves properly cuffed. He smells like toothpaste. His hair is still a mess. Mrs. Hudson notices, too; she opens the door for them and gives them each a hug, but she lingers over Sherlock, fussing over nothing, and then shoots John a worried look. John doesn't know what she reads on his face, but she seems to find it somehow reassuring.
"But—I'd bought a round-trip ticket," Sherlock confesses, low and quiet. "I thought I'd be right back."
out today and Mikey's been sending us all their overflow, I rang him up and gave him a bit of an earful, but—"
Even much later, after he's done all his charting and tidied his office and left Natalie grinding her teeth, still trying to undo everything Marcus'd done wrong in the four hours he'd had his feet up on her desk, even after John's walked back home and then remembered he hasn't got anything to eat, even once he's back to wandering around Tesco's with an empty basket, he still is—distracted. Off-balance. He still has a peculiar, sandpapery feeling sliding around in the base of his chest. Daisy Bowcott: he keeps trying not to think about her, but can't stop. She'd looked like a Daisy, too. She'd had her kids with her. John'd given them all stickers from the post-jab stash in reception: unicorn, strawberry, Iron Man. John scrubs at his hair and stares at the shelves and tries to decide: toast and eggs? Beans on toast?
"So," he agrees. "I wasn't." Sidling to one side to let a harried-looking woman in a pantsuit reach past for a loaf of wholemeal bread, then looking back at Marianne. "I really wasn't hitting on you."
," so John breathes looking up at him longing empty-hollow electric as red-faced Sherlock fucks his wet fingers back in and out of him and John breathes, and breathes, and—breathes—with Sherlock breathing hard against John's leg over his shoulder as the ridge at the top of his palm presses against John's stretched-wide body and John—
"It's easier when Sherlock cooks," John admits, "but I—I can feed myself, it's just never particularly good, that's all."
It makes John's back prickle, sudden and regretful. It takes him a moment to realize why. When Sherlock reaches for his shaving foam John touches his elbow, and Sherlock half-twists, face turned down towards him, so he can meet John's eyes.
Fine. Sitting in his chair, then; that's fine. It's not like he's never done it there before. Sometimes Sherlock goes out for quite a while and besides, can't a grown man have a wank in his own bloody living room? It's like having Coco Pops for dinner or not wearing socks under your shoes: if you can't get away with it every now and again, what's the point of being an adult, anyway? The last time John'd found himself in this position Sherlock had been gone for a week and a half, sending him a string of increasingly arcane texts at approximately three-hour intervals that indicated that he was almost certainly somewhere in the jungle, probably being shot at, and possibly being forced to wrestle a geographically-improbable bear, at which point John had rung Mycroft even though it was two in the morning, put on some sort of insomniac rubbish on the telly, and then masturbated furiously in the (largely fruitless, as it turned out) hope that it would shut off his brain. Better, John thinks, to do it like this: sprawled out in his chair thinking about Sherlock on his knees with his head between his thighs. Nicer. Rubbing at the base of his belly, already hot through his jeans. If he'd planned for this, which he hadn't, he would've gone up to his room for the lube—and he could, he realizes. Why shouldn't he?
George had asked; and John'd pressed his trembling hand to his face. His throat had been so tight he hadn't been able to speak. He had nodded, finally, and then made a noise he couldn't name, and then choked out, in strained bits and pieces:
," in the tone of a man delivering a devastating blow; "I hate YouTube," John reminds him, and Sherlock says, "You have bookmarked
"Too far gone to let you be," says Sherlock, low and—and ashamed, John realizes; he's ashamed. Ashamed of what, precisely? John thinks is thinking; but Sherlock has slid back down to the floor with his hands sliding up John's knees to John's hips to John's flies where his hands rest, cheeks blazing: Christ, he looks like a meal. "Can I?" Sherlock asks, very quietly; and swallowing John tells him, "You can—you can do anything you want to me—
"Yeah," Sherlock says, soft instead, because John doesn't, didn't; "I could watch myself in the mirror," John says, "like you do," which isn't a joke at all: Sherlock watching him exposed like a raw egg with its top cracked off and somehow it it isn't like it always is, not truly; it is almost, but not quite, as though it is something else all together.
: John loosens his hand, twisting; Sherlock lets out half-wailing desperate moan fucking up against him closing his own hand tight around John's working him on him and then gasps, "Can you—kiss me, I want," and John pushes up to kiss him with Sherlock's hand on his hand still stroking Sherlock's wet prick while Sherlock gasps, "Would you, what would you've," and then pants, half against him tonguing into him while John tells him, "I would've stripped you out of your uniform and your bra and your knickers and I would've—what next?" and Sherlock gasps, "Put your—you're—older, adventurous, you would've—had something, a—a vib—
"I have faith in our ability to improvise," John tells him, and Sherlock starts giggling, turning his two-thirds massaged right hand up to drag John back in on top of him, slow but relentlessly. John's knee would bang down between Sherlock's but Sherlock's hands are all over him, under him, soft for an instant between hard bone and porcelain and then settling him down flush against him, easy and possessive: legs interlacing with John's legs as Sherlock kisses him, paws at John's head and his back and his arse: "Just—," John is saying, all the while; "just let me—," petting Sherlock's soft-furred wet thighs and laughing into-against Sherlock's warm wet mouth as Sherlock leans up to give him kiss, after kiss, after kiss.
"Having fun?" John asks him; and Sherlock lifts his cup again. Takes a long drink, swallows—swallows—swallows, and then slides, smooth and graceful, down under the table to his knees. "What—" John bangs his knee into Sherlock's chair, startled. Sherlock's long hands on his legs, pushing them— "Are you serious?" John asks; and "Shh," Sherlock tells him, "eat your breakfast"; and then nuzzles up sweet-softly in between John's tensed thighs.
"A bit of a think," John says, "you?" but it comes out all wrong, strained at the edges, lopsided, all its weight dragged over to the wrong side: not any kind of joke at all. He clears his throat. Very quietly he asks, "A bit of a think about what?"
His conditioner smells like coconut, too. In addition to being two and a half years older, Cissy had been head and shoulders taller than him and had had round arms and lush breasts and had let John kiss her once, but not twice: a generosity; an indulgence given—very kindly, John thinks now, past forty—to a little boy; and John is painfully, irrationally ashamed. The ends of Sherlock's hair tend to catch, he is noticing, when wet. This close he barely has to raise his voice to ask, "Do you like it?"
, and twenty-seven minutes later he'd been clean-toothed in bed still wide-eyed, all the lights out, heart heavy, everything washed out in the basin and hanging to dry, before
"What if I want you to kiss me?" John asks, quiet. Sherlock's cracked open face. "Because I want you to kiss me," John explains; and Sherlock makes a soft hot sound and presses against him, open-mouthed.
, John thinks, warm and buoyant. His fingers are tangled-untangling with the back of Sherlock's dark hair. It always looks different, after John's been at it; probably no one else can tell. "Six of the best, wasn't it?" John asks, and Sherlock lifts his head up, pushes his spectacles up the bridge of his nose.
"John," Sherlock says, thick; and John repeats, "Tutoring?"; and beneath him Sherlock takes a breath and another and then says, "All right, you—Christ, you colossal bitch, yes, you—you said wanted my help with chemistry": and shivering John licks back over the creased hard peak of his breast and Sherlock lets out a long, bare, breathless moan. Licking John shifts his weight into his forearms, settling in. "You said," Sherlock says, and then stops: reminding John lifts enough to open his mouth just the other side of the seam between skin and rucked-up elastic, tongue out tap-tap-tapping but not quite
, still, wouldn't he: John knows that much. Christ. Late bloomers, weren't they all, these Holmes boys. Stupid sodding—so in 1993 he would've been—little, and skinny, with all that dark hair, and—God, beautiful, probably; probably pretty enough to get hell for it and not big enough to stop anyone responsible for giving it, and Christ, John knows, he
—" and John pulls just apart from him, cringing and loathsome, rubbing at the hot planes of his face.
he couldn't, I knew that just from the start and I still want him to, to do—to—to be with me in every—and I—"; and then he inhales again and asks, "How can I expect him to—to just—
to—er.") and stops pacing (stumbles, a bit) and pauses mid-gesture only to push his shoulders back, his head up, turn back and start pacing again, away from John; tossing, "like she'd just found out there was some sort of time limit on infecting him with herpes, or—I'd better," back over his shoulder, and then striding off into his bedroom with the back of his neck reddening above the collar of his coat.
There passes no scrap of the ensuing twenty-four hours that is anything other than grindingly, miserably awful.
An idea, almost. A barely-idle half-thought. He opens all the windows: a breath of air. Another: he breathes. He could: go for a run, make breakfast, read the news. Plug in his mobile: that one, he does. Half five, by his mobile at 10% battery: outside their wide windows starting traffic-sounds and the faint acrid hot-metal smell of rain: somewhere, not here, but not far. He goes back upstairs. Sherlock is still just where John left him, his body heavy with sleep. Bared: the soft pale back of his long heron neck. It makes John feel—wetted. Sodden and weighty, still-squelching, dripping all over everything. Ever so careful John climbs up, eases himself down. Tidily he stretches out on the space of crumpled sheet behind Sherlock's long body, careful and slow. Hot. Careful John pushes his boxers down to his ankles, off his feet:
Silent, Sherlock nods. Blinks twice. John rubs his knuckles against the hem of Sherlock's coat, then shifts, straightening up; and Sherlock's hand falls hard across his, on Sherlock's tensed knee.
"Yeah." John's heart thuds in his ears. He swallows. "Can you," he says, "touch me," quiet, and Sherlock kisses the crest of his shoulder, then twists away: he'd left the toys on the nighttable, John knows, but Sherlock is just shifting for a better angle, pulling John's arse apart.
? Lying on his bed texting Janeka or—Paul, or—or rolling about with Rebecca that night Mycroft'd come by to needle Sherlock about Irene's latest escapade in Vancouver and in retaliation Sherlock had flounced off to throw a wobbler outside Cybercrime at NSY: John'd rung her up to tell her his flatmate was out and she'd come over and she'd held him down, hadn't she, with her solid square hands and her tits in his face while John'd sucked panting on her peaked-hard nipples and had not thought, probably, about Sherlock lying between his thighs with John's cock in his mouth while John panted yanking his wrists hard and helpless against his own regimental tie.
"Your show, I think," says Sherlock above him. Crisp. Precise. Looking down at him while John turns his thigh open, presses his head back against the cushions, breathing hard. Branding, Sherlock's gaze: laying seared-open stripes all over John's skin. Pushing inside all over while John pushes two fingers inside and the sofa sticks to his shoulders and spine, sour hungry-slick under his tongue: Sherlock's lips are parted, damp. Pink. His face tipped down and his back barely-just bowing to bring his body down nearer John's body with his long hands open at his side and John wants, John wants, John
"Try," John says, with some difficulty, "now": and with a high hot little whine Sherlock rocks up into him and John's vision floods with a sharp, metallic-yellow smell. Breathing in in in and then out, while Sherlock underneath him shivers fucking—
John feels—hollowed out. A transparent shell. If the sun were behind him anyone could see right through. "I want you to kiss me," he says, unsteady. If you were me I mean. It has the inequitable advantage of being true. Sherlock leans up and John sinks down: thighs sprawled across his lap. Their bodies touch. Their mouths touch, soft. Sitting beneath him arms around him Sherlock shivers. Makes a high, caught sound and John squeezes his arms around him tightthenloosening again to kiss him, soft. Soft:
"Yeah," he says. "He got them bunged into prison, so I think—he thinks it's some sort of grudge, and I think—as I understand it, he thinks Raj in particular took it a bit personally."
For lack of anything better to do, he works clumsily at Sherlock's shirt buttons, keeping the mess of his hand carefully curled away. Sherlock has to get most of them, in the end.
John squeezes his eyes shut tight. Breathing—breathing in. Sherlock smells like Sherlock, warm and a little sharp. Familiar. John's hands hovering just over the warm, living planes of his back.
George hums, assenting, and picking at the crust of his sandwich, John takes a breath. "But—but any way I look at it," he says, and then he has to stop, again.
"It's all right," John says, quiet. "It wasn't like it was a one-time offer, you know"; and Sherlock's ribs jerk under his hand.
John's throat tightens, an instant. "All right": echoing; he bends to kiss the side of Sherlock's folded-up knee. Then he clambers up to his knees and heads for the wardrobe, thinking—thinking that when he'd thought about it this is not what he'd thought about, but he hadn't thought about it, exactly. Thinking—
: "There's been a bombing," John explains: a twitch: his twanging—spine—and: "More than one. And Sherlock—he has a lead, a photograph, it's—him with these Americans, with." He takes a breath. "One of them's got a grudge, he thinks. From when he was—and. And he thought Lucy Matley would be able to. To help." Hollow: he rubs at his cheek, which is—ages, behind him "with." and. "With. their names."
"Is this going to be what it's like for me, now," John asks, very quietly, "with you and the purple?"
"Did you?" Sherlock asks, frank and curious, a little breathless; and, swallowing, John nods, then bends back down to lick at him, the sensitive little puffed-up bud of Sherlock's nipple, swelling and hardening in John's mouth. "How devious of you," Sherlock says, low and rumbly, then makes a little hot noise, pressing up: he fits his hand close to the back of John's head. His fingers slip into John's hair. "You asked me over to revise, then." His voice curling up: "Chemistry, I think."
for ages. He'd always thought it was because of Sherlock's tendency to forget about bathing entirely during certain weeks: surely an extra several days of accumulated filth just takes longer to scrub off. But yesterday morning Sherlock'd still spent thirty-seven minutes washing, and that after at least forty-five on Sunday afternoon, just before they'd left. It'd be tempting, perhaps, to just assume he's been running them cold to keep himself in check, but John'd showered just after him, yesterday, the mirror thick with steam and every crack in the tiles crowded with the warm, damp aroma of Sherlock's body and shaving cream and shampoo. John breathes in, deep, gives himself a tug or two, light. He knows Sherlock. He doesn't think Sherlock's one to slap himself out of it with something quick and unpleasant and harsh. He thinks that yesterday morning Sherlock probably trotted off to the bathroom with his cock heavy and hard and then soaped himself up quite carefully all over, rubbed the foam all over his feet and his ankles and his narrowly muscled calves, up his thighs and over his lovely round bottom and probably quite carefully all over in and out of the crack of his arse, over the planes of his stomach and his chest and in slow, shivering circles all around the little hard berries of his nipples; breathing carefully, through his open mouth. Probably right now Sherlock is doing something very like: massaging shampoo into his scalp with his eyes closed and his lips parted, thinking about—about what? About John's hands in his hair? John could put his hands in Sherlock's hair. John wonders if Sherlock thinks about him through the whole thing, all the places John's had his mouth, when he's washing his feet or his thighs or his arse; if he is rubbing soap into his navel thinking about John's tongue. Sherlock could run his hands over his stomach, his hips, thinking about—about John's hands on them, mouth on them, kneeling between his thighs with his mouth around him, Sherlock fucking into his throat, or light in his mouth, teasing, thick and salty, leaking all over the insides of his cheeks—
John leans over and kisses the seam at his left shoulder. "You can send me some more saucy texts later," he suggests; and Sherlock laughs. Shoulders loosening. It's his proper laugh, really, not one of those awful tearing things; but it still sounds horribly tired.
it—and then he does, a long slap-stinging stripe prickling down through the layers of his skin. He sucks in a breath, shaky; and Holmes says, "Count them off, Mr. Watson."
to him, didn't you, if you were trying to get enough to hand them over to law enforcement for—what was it, then? Had they taken Eva's own bicycle, or did she just—know about a pattern, and point you in the proper direction?"
"Yes," Sherlock says, thick, "can you—fuck me with your—"; and John nods. Moving, slow: Sherlock breathing in with him and out John's tongue slipping against him teeth and tongue as John presses his fingers inside him, glacially slow. Sherlock's hand tightens on his shoulder, squeezing hard: bloody strong violinist fingers. "You—is this all right?" John asks; and Sherlock says, "No." Voice wobbling and thick. "You—your—vibrator, your cock, you—" and John swallows. "Not a vibrator," he admits; and Sherlock laughs, high and choked, then says, "So just—fuck, fuck me, you can, just put it in me, just—" and then swallows, noisy and wet, with his whole body shaking all over and John's heart. "I can," John whispers. "I will, but—but can that wait, a bit?"; and Sherlock makes a stretched thin sound as he nods and nods, pressing his mouth up to John's, kissing him hard. His body, hard-stretched tight allover. "This all right?" John asks, quiet: Christ, he's so tight, but Sherlock whines jerking his head, up and down. John's throat hurts. "This," John says, very quietly, "I like this"; and inhaling on a gasp Sherlock reaches to cup John's soft penis between them. John breathes: letting him. That—shivery off-center fearful feeling: John settles himself into Sherlock's long hand. He won't hurt him. John pets, Sherlock shivers; then—space. Only just. Rubbing their emberish faces together: John breathes, Sherlock breathes; breathing out. Steadying, Sherlock's gentle petting stroking-soft long fingers on the tenderest parts of John's body as John is petting two fingers into his.
"Oh, dear," Holmes says, sounding terribly disappointed; and he whips the cane up and then cracks it down flat hard scalding across the already-scored stripes on John's arse and John groans, helpless: it'd've been worth it, it'd've been—
John laughs, a little awkwardly. Nat's finally got the girl who does the takeaway at the café to ring her back and Rhoda has been seeing an accountant for going on the last six months: a kindly, soft-spoken sort with a receding hairline, from the little John has seen of him; who brings her flowers, she's said, who adores her children, snorts when he laughs. They're both... oh,
and they are so close they could not get closer and John is rocking-rocks ocean-steady feeling so warm and close and hot so hot with him, for him, with him as Sherlock's tongue slips on his in the shell of their mouths cupped togetherand their. Bodies, with. His vest rucked up wound around his sweaty armpits, and Sherlock makes a little hot sound pressing his prick to John's belly and gasping heart his heart his heart is pounding John's teeth scrape at his—
He stops, frustrated. Feeling—pulled out from the stomach, pulled apart, pulled—, while Sherlock is getting pinker and pinker and pinker, his long fingers warm in John's hand.
fifteen and angling after something too high and untouchable but a week ago in his bed Sherlock had been close and warm when he'd said,
"Upstairs, I mean," Sherlock says, quiet. He's perched half-sitting across John's left leg, awkward, badly balanced.
The light through the window is bluing grey and wan—too early, still, most likely. Sherlock a warm rangy presence behind him. Everything still. The sheet is tangled up between them, a fold barely tugged across John's hips, his legs and torso bare, oily with sweat all over. It's already too hot. Sherlock is sleeping. John shifts, slow, by stages twisting to see: Sherlock lying rolled away, facing the wall and the window, half on his side and half on his face. His bared spine a shining damp groove. He's more compact, in his sleep: the top of his head and his shoulder are huddled together, mashed against the bottom of John's second pillow. As John watches, his back rises—falls—rises again, slow and shallow and even. The duvet is bunched up down past his feet. John pushes himself to sitting: careful, careful; and the mattress doesn't squeak. He rarely sees Sherlock all the way asleep.
and Sherlock just goes, breathing with it, his trapped left hand pulling his knee nearly to his nose, the bendy bastard, while John heart pounding rubs two slick fingers against him, or—or three, and Sherlock just sighs and wraps his right arm back around him, tight across John's shoulders, while John pants into his mouth with three fingers petting shallowly into him, John's skin scraping oversensitive against the underside of his clothes.
"Thank you," John says, "for that extremely insightful look into why I can't stand therapists"; and George grins at him, lopsided, half-conspiratorial.
him; so now out the door down the street 'round the corner John is the same burnt-curling honed edge not going anywhere in particular, not going anywhere at all, until he finds himself all the way down in Soho outside a fucking Brooks Brothers and then—and then why? why not? going nowhere
"Yeah, well." John licks at his lip. " I don't ever particularly relish the thought of asking you for information, but needs must, so: Lucy Matley?"
John swallows. "Hugging's all right, is it?" he asks, quiet; and against him, once, jerky, Sherlock nods; so John wraps his arms around Sherlock's body and pulls him in so close and tight that between them their clothes feel huge, overmagnified. The Great Wall of Sherlock's tight black button-down. The castle moat he'd given John for his birthday, in the form of a pair of well-tailored dark rinse jeans.
He runs the water hot and comes out flushed, a bright pink blob through the fog on the mirror. He keeps touching his face, which seems oddly unfamiliar. Starting to get rough at the edges—puffy, maybe. Still tender. He dries the mirror with his towel and shaves, again, carefully; against the grain; then rinses his razor and brushes his teeth and braces his palms on the edge of the washbasin, heart beating strangely hard, as he breathes in steam and soap and the aftereffects of shaving foam as he stares at the empty bathroom and the reflected back of his electric shaver in its stand. Then he goes back into his bedroom and puts on pajama bottoms and a vest, and turns out all the lights.
showering first is essentially stewing yourself in dirty-person tea—what?" because John is laughing and shaking his head, pushing up to his toes to kiss him: mouth slippery and bitter at the edges. John runs his hand through the spray, rinsing Sherlock's face, his own face, washing out the soapiness snuck into the edges of his mouth; then rubs his hands over Sherlock's chest and arms and shoulders just—just to feel. To feel Sherlock leaning closer: magnet to magnet; head bowed lips parting, skin warm under John's hands. The way his ribs move when he breathes. The long warm soap-slippery stretch of him slotting against John's starving body.
"I promised you wouldn't rush me," Sherlock says, very quietly; and John huffs, a half of a laugh puffing against Sherlock's mouth.
"Good," Sherlock whispers, and kisses him. John whines. Sherlock nods, nose brushing against him, and then pulls back, inch after inch, still pinning him to the wall with his arm and his thigh—
After a moment. John hands over a serviette, less damp than the others. "Is that a win, then?" John laughs. Clears his throat. "Have I won?
"I can't believe you haven't caught him already," John says, trying not to laugh. Sherlock looks personally offended. "He doesn't sound quite like the criminal underworld's great thinker."
. An electric shock, the suddenness of that memory: a flood of lying on his back thinking about blowing the bartender at East Bloc and the PRISM disclosures and their electric bill, all the while with her body young and naked above him in their bed. His face floods hot. His throat a well-worn, familiar knot of shame. What had he been
have an entirely transparent crush on Victoria Coren Mitchell, so if anyone can tell me how I can watch
"Bianca will find him, John," Mycroft says, more gently; and John nods, reflexive, even though Mycroft is muttering, "Self-involved oblivious
"Just the head," Sherlock is saying, rough. "Wouldn't be too much, if you just—just a little. If you can—um. Not go too far."
Sherlock says, "I think about," and then stops. Inhales. "I like hearing." His skin is tightening up. "What you'll—what you'd do," Sherlock says, tensing under John's hands, clumsy as he says, "if I were to—if I. Just."
Some time passes. Sherlock is so very warm. His long bare body soft and hard together, pressed against John in his bed.
," Sherlock repeats, sharp. "There's no place to hide it properly on the pods so it'll be in the lost-and-found, or still in the toilets, or someone's already found it and stolen it hoping it's—"
"If you have been," John says, very seriously, "please tell me you washed your hands," and passes him the saucepan to dry.
angry? John does wonder, in a sense, what sort of Sherlock'd been with Raj Chabra and Gabrielle Adeline and he does wonder why Sherlock'd wanted to get to John in 2013 but mostly John finds he is wondering why
, biting at his lips and his jaw in between. Sherlock's panting-hot breath caught high in John's own throat: Christ. "Just—please," John whispers, aching, petting his thumb against the hard hot skin behind Sherlock's scrotum, his hummingbird heart, "please let me"; and Sherlock groans, "
"It's the measure of a coach, isn't it?" John asks. "They might—" he inhales, fast— "might mind you well enough when you're watching them, but the second your back is turned—"
John curls his toes in his socks. He's not hard, not anymore, but he'd spent over an hour next to Sherlock smelling sweaty and good and John knows that if he slid over, knelt up, buried his face in the damp little wisps of hair at Sherlock's pink nape and breathed in—he slides his hips down into the seat. Wonders what Sherlock's been doing; the screen's not angled so he can see. Wonders if all the time he was slogging his way through that execrable novel, Sherlock was watching something kinky with the sound off. Sherlock is still holding statue-still, breathing softly; John flicks up the tab of his zip. Slides it down, tooth by tooth, and watches Sherlock's gaze flick, up down up—
Sherlock grabs him by the hair. "Ought to do it," he is saying, pulling John's head up. "Ought to give you just what you ask for," and then he hits him, open-palmed, twice: John moans, squirming on his thigh. "Or maybe I ought to just pull you off, hm?" Sherlock is breathing marathon-hard, hips shoved tight to him. "Ought to just hold you here and tug on your cock 'til you make a mess of the floor and then what, hm?" John whines, wriggling: Sherlock hard through his trousers against his hip. Sherlock bites his cheek and asks, "Make you get down and lick it up?"
"I ought to've got something else for this," Sherlock murmurs, and then buries his stubble-rough face in John's arse.
John glances at him, sprawled out and naked and shining, still hard, then away. "Do you not?" He bends down to tug them on—Christ, he's repulsive, he needs to take a twelve-hour shower and then probably burn these bottoms, after. "I'll make the breakfast if you want, but it seems unwise to—"
"I'd give good money for you to've said that to Rhoda," Sherlock murmurs, face tucked against his; John laughs raggedly.
Bending with him John kisses him back: hungry; unsure about a lot of things, but not this. Sherlock is trembling again, all over. John rubs at the knob at the top of his spine and Sherlock lets him, kissing. Lets John lick into his mouth and rub at his hair and then Sherlock presses his mouth down to John's throat, shoulders shaking, and rocks into him with a little hot gasp. It feels—all right, John thinks; almost—good, nearly; so he lets himself make a wanting noise and Sherlock groans and fucks into him, a hot dark coiled ache. Petting over and over along the seams of the stockings with John's thighs. "Kiss me again," John whispers, and Sherlock panting presses his mouth up. Lets John—shift, a bit. Petting at Sherlock's hair. Sherlock lets John move him. Move against him. Spread his thighs open wide so Sherlock's next trembling movement stays shallower, the top of John's foot dragging along the edge of his arse. John rubs at the sweaty back plane of Sherlock's shoulderblades.
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asks. Rubbing, transparently, against him: "Getting," John says, "something—else," and then his fingers find the pencil, and he sits back on his heels while Sherlock is petting at John's arsehole with his cheeks red and his lips shiny and parted and his cock and his nipples flushed and hard and jutting, obviously with a plan; and John grabs the lid in his teeth and leans in and holds Sherlock's chin and touches the tip to his cheek: one curving swipe, two; "What—," Sherlock asks, tugging back against his fingers, cross-eyed, "what are you—," as to finish John adds a swoopy-plump curving-out "W" touched to his other lines at its top, fat sides bulging out from the corners where they meet.
The air in the bathroom is heavy and thick: when John dries off it barely matters. He pads back into his bedroom with his towel 'round his hips, quiet as he can. Sherlock hasn't stirred. John puts on clean boxers: can't face much else. Yesterday's pair are crumpled at the base of the bed, alongside the duvet, just past Sherlock's bared bony ankles. His long feet. John fetches his pants for his laundry basket, careful and quiet. His back is already sticky, springing with sweat. Sherlock breathes, breathes. John rubs his palm on his scraping sandpaper chin and then ducks back into his bathroom for his razor and toothbrush, lights still off; heads downstairs, careful-careful uncreaking one hand on the banister, to shave under the harsh fluorescent in Sherlock's en suite, very carefully, with the grain. He brushes his teeth, too. Heads back out into their grey-lit undersea early-morning kitchen; drinks two lukewarm glasses of water standing up at their empty kitchen sink.
John sits up, twisting to look back down at him, which would probably be a mistake but for how Sherlock frowns up at him: comical, overwrought. John can feel it bubbling up under his sternum again, twitching at the edges of his mouth.
Into his mouth "I can," John says, "still taste you": thick; the animal taste of his arse in their mouth while beneath him Sherlock makes a heat-stretched sound and winds his arms around him, tight tight tight. Dragging at John's arse and the back of John's hair with his huge hard hands while John presses every inch of them together, lace bare skin and elastic, and drags one of Sherlock's long legs up over his hips. Sherlock's cock smudges wet against John's belly; his soft balls, still barely in lace. Sherlock's stockinged foot rubs against the inside of John's opposite thigh, at the back, and John moans, helpless. His heart is pounding all over. His cock aches, half-hard, all wanting. If they could just spend all their days putting themselves inside each other: Christ.
Sherlock is quiet for a long moment. Marshmallowy. "I prefer men," he says, finally. "But sometimes it's easier, having sex with women."
into me," John says; and Sherlock thumps his closed fist on John's shoulder, not hard. He's still very pink. "You're so lovely," John hears himself saying; and then kisses Sherlock again, before either of them has time to be embarrassed.
: shaking hands. Drops his mobile on his desk. Glances at the crack of his door, inhaling deep: scrubs his palm down his flies.
Sherlock's shoulder shifts against the duvet, only just, as John watches the hypnotic rise-fall of his Adam's apple, twice.
"I haven't done that in twenty years at least, I don't think," says Sherlock, mopping at his face again, watermelon pink.
—as Sherlock pets, melting inside him—rubs at John's aching cock and sucks on his aching balls—tongues down hot-hard to his two curling
After a moment, John says, "You'd be amazed at how civilized some of our murderers are," as pleasantly as he can.
"Kiss me," John says, quiet; and Sherlock groans but twists harder to kiss him, hot and eager and hungry, hungry for him, chest arching under his hands while John kisses him open-mouthed starving and pets his sternum, plays with his tits, wanting—wanting—
In the flat, John puts away his shopping. He brews a mug of chamomile tea—he's not been sleeping—and then texts Harry; checks his blog comments and his email; and then Sherlock still hasn't turned up so John scrubs his palms on his trousers and gets back up to do something with his new groceries—pasta with lentils and Tuscan kale. Harry had referred to it, jokingly, as John's 'date night' dish: it was the only proper meal he really knew how to make. He had, in fact, originally learnt it so he could make it for Lily; but by that point, Lily had been a lifetime ago: John hadn't been dating anyone, when he'd been living with Harry.
The duvet's worked itself across the mattress into an awkward acute sort of an angle, twisted about underneath them; they've knocked the knickers and bra onto the floor. Sherlock is lying on his back bare naked and gleaming in the sunlight with his eyes hungry on John while John gets into the bag and gets the other packet open, watching Sherlock tuck his arm under his head. His eyes black-centered and glittering, cock still-hard and dark-flushed, a study in contrasts: with his white skin, with the pink at his throat and his collarbones, brushed across his cheeks and his chest.
It should be awful, by rights. Isn't. John tucks his foot back around Sherlock's sultry sweaty ankle, breathes. Breathe in, heart thud, breathe in. Breathe in the bed his body your body together. Between us John's back Sherlock's front pressed together, springing wet with sweat. Sherlock is transparently rubbing his hard-on against the underside of John's arse: breathing John drags the top of his foot up along the back of Sherlock's calf. Parting his thighs. Mouth and nose breath-damp buried in the hair behind John's ear Sherlock says, "hm!"; and, startled, John laughs.
John sighs. Straightens up, rubs at his face. He ought to catch up on his charting, have another cup of tea, eat the tired-looking prawn sandwich he'd grabbed at Sainsbury's on his way in. Sherlock's probably still passed out on his face bundled up in nothing but sheets on his rumpled white bed, lucky bastard. He'll probably not get up until John gets in, then lounge about their living room half-naked and unapologetic. Even if he's been awake for—
"So I chose it," Sherlock says. His voice is strange to John: laced through with a queer, helpless kind of certainty, "I chose to live like this."
