John blushed slightly and looked at Sherlock who was busy throwing Rosie in the air and catching her with a small smile.
The tips of Greg's ears turned bright red as he coughed and mumbled about going to talk to some witnesses while Mycroft just smirked and watched the boys work. Sherlock walked around Karen's body with a frown and crouched down to look at her fingers than the scene itself. The window was cracked but there was no blood on it or on her head.
"Is my best friend." John says, calmly. "He is my family. I could give a rats ass what he has done, but right now all I care is that you are behind bars and away from me, Sherlock, my daughter, and everyone else whom you have hurt. So, I'm gonna ask once more, what. Else. Are. You. Hiding?"
Mycroft nodded in understanding. "Well if I found out my fake husband killed a woman for my life I would be just as pissed.... just kidding I would love that, it would mean he is as crazy as me."
"I cannot BELIEVE how disrespectful you were to Joan and everyone in that room. They are all very supportive and I have made many friends and even managed to acquire an idiot for a boyfriend. But, I can't have you screaming out insults to a sweet woman like her. Now I want you to apologize to them and then stay for the meeting."
Everyone was silent including John who just stared in silent admiration. Finally Greg cleared his throat.
John shook his head as he watched Sherlock skirt around the victim's body, his eyebrow burrowed. "I don't get it, no marks whatsoever yet both victims have color in their fingernails. Either something slipped under their nail and into the bloodstream or-" Sherlock suddenly snapped his fingers. "It's airborne...."
"John let me try." Sherlock said, making grabby hands at the piano until John rolled his eyes and handed it over. "This, my dear Rosie, is how you REALLY play piano."
".... and then the poor woman didn't know I worked with the bloody police department and excused herself to the bathroom! I then get a call from a co-worker and sure enough there is a missing convict. I quickly followed her into the bathroom to see half her body outside the window!" Greg finished with a loud laugh, tears streaming down his face.
Sherlock didn't know what to do. Honestly what was left to do? Tell John he screwed up and killed someone to save his life? No, Sherlock would be called selfish and would be thoroughly reminded that John is a soldier and is meant to die for other people for the sake of everyone he loves. What about telling Lestrade or Mycroft about it? No, they would most likely arrest him in a heartbeat therefore also telling John about it and then looping back to reason 1 as to why Sherlock shouldn't say anything. But he couldn't just sit there with the antidote in his hand. No, he had to talk to HER. Joan was still having the meeting and something was up with the fact that nobody remembered the meeting. So Sherlock had to talk to John before he didn't know either. Walking back down the stairs and into the streets, he saw John holding Rosie with a smile on his face as Rosie playfully grabbed his nose. He smiled in response to his daughter's antics and pretended he didn't understand what had happened. Sherlock didn't understand it. Growing up he didn't really have that loving treatment that John was showing to Rosie because he didn't crave it like most babies. Yes one can ask or argue as to how a baby can crave something such as affection but it's quite obvious. Babies will cry if they are hungry or need to be changed. Babies will whine or gurgle if they want to be picked up or paid attention to. And yet Sherlock never did that. He apparently was rather quiet and chose to do things by himself even if it was difficult because that was how he was. Rosie smiles and cries for her father and now Sherlock seems to find himself doing the same thing to John. He killed someone, (yes without realizing it but that's beside the point) for John not only a day ago and now just looking at John's treatment of Rosie, he was beginning to crave that same affection he lost years ago. But that wasn't the issue at hand. No, right now he had to go and ask John about his bloody job and then later on worry about the top, bottom, and all the in-betweens. After seemingly gawking for hours, Sherlock joined John in his playful interaction with Rosie. Clearing his throat, Sherlock folded his hands in his lap and waited as John turned around, startled at first to see him there.
Mycroft rose his eyebrows so far up you would think it would disappear under his hair but looked Greg's equally shocked face.
Sherlock frowned before John dragged him forward abruptly and moved his lips to his ear. "And I plan to punish you because of that."
Turning rapidly around, his heart stopped in pure fear, anger, dismay, and confusion as he looked at the equally upset man in front of him. "John what are you doing here?"
Sherlock froze and snapped his fingers. "Very good but wrong just like always. Both victims had blood still under their fingernails, had the feeling of being stalked, and worked at the daycare. What does that tell us?"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For once in his life, Sherlock Holmes was silent as he stared at John's chair. "I, I can't be though. You know that I don't do emotion at all. It's a distraction and waste of time!"
"Hello Greg." Mycroft said with a chuckle as he walked towards him. "I never said hello as we were too busy worrying over my brother's boyfriend."
John cocked an eyebrow. "Oh a distraction? From what? Rosie and I? Were we too much for you or something? Sherlock please do explain what you mean by 'distraction' because I sure as hell do NOT understand."
Sherlock curls his lips. "We do, don't we? I heard someone (hehe reference) call us the Baker Street Boys.... but besides that, I must know what you want from me. I can't change myself and be a normal mate-"
"And I don't think I want to ever see this again." Sherlock said with disgust causing the two to spring apart.
"Well I personally can't stop you but I can always tell dear John, no not the movie but oh that made me cry, that there is another meeting tonight and he can go to it if he wants to."
Sherlock nodded along. "Yes I do recall because you got so drunk off that red wine you kept begging me to kis-"
"Singing, apparently." Sherlock said with a sour look. "I don't know why we can't teach them the violin."
Today, Rosie had to go to daycare because of the fact Mrs. Hudson needed to visit her sick friend and thus couldn't go and take care of Rosie as John and Sherlock went to solve a case. The two sat in the cab, Rosie on both of their laps because they sat close together. Getting out, Sherlock carefully lifted Rosie and carried her over to the door of the daycare where Susan Hopkins was smiling at them. She had curly brunette hair, blue gray eyes, and had freckles across her nose. The two Baker Street Boys entered the building and saw other mother's dropping their children off. Several of them stared either because they thought they were a gay couple or they recognized Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he held open John's eyes, despite his squirming and shining a light in them with the help of Greg. He shined and looked at his eyes and saw that the drug was still active therefore forming the memory loss side of the drug. John wouldn't remember what had happened to him. Sherlock released John's eyes and simply caressed his cheek as he laid across his lap, still dazed from the drug.
John smiled softly at that and looked down, his eyes flickering up at Sherlock. Mycroft rolled his eyes as he nudged his brother towards John.
Everything stopped at that. John froze, Sherlock was trying to control his breathing and most likely Mycroft was knowing about this and therefore giving Greg a $20 bill. John blinked in confusion and searched Sherlock's face for any sign of lying or even intoxication. Sherlock Holmes doesn't experience love, hell he doesn't experience emotion in general, really.
"John? JOHN?!" Sherlock cursed as it went to voicemail but he knew he had to calm down or everything would blow up in his face.
TO BE CONTINUED! Is John alive? Will Sherlock be too late? What will John do if he finds out about the woman's death? Where's Joan?! All will be revealed next time! As always your comments and follows are much appreciated and you can follow me on insta and tumblr with the user yousaydoctorisaywho! There we can talk about fic ideas as well as any ideas for chapters! But please leave comments as it helps with writing :) thanks!!!
He pulled the phone closer to his face and felt more tears stream down his face, his anxiety attack still poisoning his mind. "Hey sweet pea... how's my special girl?" He whispered out.
Sherlock cleared his throat and awkwardly eyed all the other mothers before looking back over at John. "Well I may want to explain more..... privately?"
Sherlock frowned and slowly got his stuff but the look of anger on John's face made Sherlock quickly move. "John what the bloody hell-"
Sherlock didn't smile at all but left the closet in a hurry, somehow grabbing John's hand so they were linked together. "Joan, I am sorry for the way I acted. It was inappropriate and I have no remorse for human emotion or whatever John had said. Anyways we must retire so I bid you good day."
Mrs. Hudson laughed and he heard Rosie coo louder into the phone. "Well Sherlock for one called her his little 'bee' and I thought that was adorable. He always would call her Watson if she wouldn't stop crying. He loves her, you know? He would always talk about you to her and always say 'your dad' and Rosie would sometimes look up at the word dad almost as though Sherlock was. But usually, he would just tell stories. The first time you met, the time at the pool, you and him chained together and running. He has an imagination perfect for Rosie because I swear it's as though her eyes sparkle. I think the greatest thing though, is that Sherlock... well he treats her just like a daughter. And I think that's what he missed out on as younger lad.... and I think that's brilliant."
"- or they seem to have lost their lives in unforeseen incidents. But I can guarantee that this place is simply for the guidance of those who need it in raising a child."
Wait. This drug could be formed through a vapor form. Just like Sherlock said, airborne. But the only place that could happen would be at a drug bust. Quickly standing up, he grabbed his jacket and ran to the door. Sherlock's eyes flew open and eyed John as he hurriedly got his stuff altogether.
TO BE CONTINUED yet again! I am so sorry I haven't uploaded as my schedule has been booked to no end but I am on vacation right now so I have the time so here is another chapter! As always your comments help me a lot as well as the kudos! Love you all :)
John's eyes brightened as he leaned forward and captured his lips in a kiss before his body began to slump. Sherlock himself could feel the drug but he wasn't falling down like all the other girls. He looked around and saw a foggy mess, bodies laying about. His own vision was beginning to get fuzzy and he felt as though his body was becoming numb. He spoke too soon as suddenly his knees turned to jelly, leaving him on the ground. But Sherlock was determined to not let this happen. Joan appeared moments later, drifting through the smoke and putting potions in the bags and pockets of the women. As she neared towards the two men, Sherlock used the rest of his energy to knock her down. Joan collapsed to the floor with a curse as bottles rolled away from her hands.
Sherlock blushed slightly as he just tightened his grip on John's hand and walked the two of them to their car, ready to go look at some more dead bodies...... hey nobody said their lives would be normal!
"You were the only person that would never say I wasn't normal. But I guess you're right, John. After all, love never was meant for me."
"No I understand; you're a medical doctor. You save lives, make people better. I don't do that john. I don't mean to do it on purpose, I just do what I think will help both of us. If I leave you be and give you the space that you need after I do something terrible in your mind, then you will be happy and safe."
------------------------------------(how about some Mystrade feels huh?)-------------------------------
"But you go crazy for solving crimes, Sherlock. That's YOUR drug. Sure creating drugs is a bonus on your part but with the two and two together I thought it would be right up your alley."
"Are you serious? You should've knocked on the door and not have affected Rosie's concentration." Sherlock growled.
The next morning, John woke up in his bed, the blankets tucked around him. He slowly lifted himself up and yawned. John walked out of his room and into Rosie's and what he saw made his heart thump. There was Sherlock in the rocking chair, fast asleep with Rosie in the same position as him, going up and down rhythmically with Sherlock's breathing. He's a good dad, thought John as he grabbed a blanket and put it over the two of them. Smiling to himself at his wild emotions, he went into the kitchen and began cooking. Yes he never does that but he was in a good mood. Walking in to see Sherlock and Rosie together just.... really brightened things. John froze as he cooked the eggs and bacon. Did... was.... was he just THAT sappy about Sherlock of all people? The sizzling alerted him that he was daydreaming and he quickly flipped the bacon and put in the bread for toast. However when he turned around again, Sherlock was in front of him. Gasping, John put his arms behind him to steady himself on the counter. Sherlock was really close and had eyes watching his every move.
"I can give you 20 minutes and then you must go through security and get debriefed as she is currently under investigation."
Sherlock froze. "Well, John, I wasn't going to tell you this because you would probably get angry with me-"
He sighs and takes the seat in front of her and immediately the air changes slightly. "I have been through a lot, Joan. I've seen people die, I've killed people myself when I've had a rough day, I've had to beat others up, even Sherlock, I've had to raise my daughter in the toughest of situations, I've run away from the police, I've had to make choices about life and death, I've had to go through PTSD, and I've had to do so many other things. So I'm going to ask you this once, what else are you hiding?"
Sherlock turned abruptly and marched towards the body and began to go through his process as John stared with a shocked and insulted look.
Suddenly, the two of them stood up at the same time, their chests touching and faces close together. John could feel Sherlock's heart beat against his chest and his warm breath against his cheek. He slowly raised a hand, and pushed back a strand of hair out of Sherlock's face. Sherlock blinked in surprise at that but remained still as his eyes traveled to John's lips.
John chuckled likely. "You can say that again about annoying. I have found body parts in my fridge and-"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Of course you humans have such a limited imagination when it comes to murders. No, Detective, it wouldn't just be a 'spray bottle.' It can be passed through the mouth either through intimate closeness or even just your breath. Which makes it incredibly easily for parents to be affected. Speaking of, John come here."
He kept his phone in his pocket as he began to inspect the photos of the scene in a hurry. Check the items they were holding and everything else that was part of it. Aha, there it is. In the photo where Sherlock took the picture standing in the hallway with clear access to the window, there were a bunch of papers littered across the kitchen table. Quickly moving to the next photo of the dead girlfriend, there's a picture of her purse. It's unzipped and inside there's a folded piece of paper. Sherlock smirked to himself as he finally went to Susan's photo. There's yet another purse with a folded paper inside. It's all coming together. Pressing his fingers to his temples, he felt himself be pulled into his mind palace as images and moments flew through his head. Suddenly he was back to when John and Sherlock were leaving the meeting after they made up.
Mycroft quickly put some money down and stood up as well. "Why? What's going on? I thought it was just a normal meeting."
"Maria! Nice to meet you. So Joan has put me in charge, as usual, to welcome any newcomer for the meetings! Usually what happens is we just talk with each other and see what is new in motherhood or, in your case, fatherhood, just to make sure everything is A okay! Next we do a nice meditation phase with some organic herbs while Joan leads a nice prayer-like service. And then we all usually go home and return next time."
John arched his eyebrows in a bitchy matter and laughed bitterly. "Are.. are you, joking right now? Do you honestly think right now is appropriate for that? Our- Rosie could've been killed or poisoned!"
John rolled his eyes and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "When I yelled at you that night, about not being family, part of the reason was because it was so damn painful to call you my husband or Rosie's father or anything like that because.... well I wanted it to be true and to call somebody what you want them to be, well that's the most terrible crime a person can commit. I wanted to hear you say it but anger got the best of me and I, oh Sherlock I didn't mean anything by it, you know that right? You're still family, you're still Rosie's father hell your my husband for this dumb ass parent club. But above all you're my best friend, and I don't wanna lose that."
The trio followed the slightly depressed security officer who still held no emotion as he trudged through the halls. Sherlock inspected all the jail cells as they passed by. Criminals of all sizes would march up the edge of their cells and sneer at the men in suits. Sherlock would just stare at them and for some reason there was a connection. As he strolled by the cells, he saw them as being trapped but not in the mind of the criminal. Most criminals would see it as a way of injustice and how they didn't deserve to be there, maybe even how they want to get out and hurt more people. But for Sherlock, he saw the cells as a blockade from either side. It blocks criminals from getting out to make amends and it blocks the society to SEE what it is like in their eyes. Sherlock just continued to gloss over the cells until his eyes landed on his target. He let himself smile for two seconds before walking right up to the cell gate.
Maria frowned and something flashed across her eyes, a cry for help. "I don't know what you are talking about...."
John grumbled out something rude before shakily standing up with the help of Greg who held his arm as the two slowly went down the stairs. Sherlock kept his eyes on his back until he safely made it down the stairs. Turning swiftly to Mycroft, Sherlock walked quickly to him.
"Wait what?!" John shrieked and completely ran, dragging Sherlock with him. They didn't see Mycroft frown and give another $20 to Greg.
Joan just smirked as she easily stood up. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock.... for a high functioning sociopath I would figure that you would be smarter than this. You know this drug. You know how easy it is to mess with the chemical compounds and add your own DNA so you are more compatible with it. So what makes you think that I would be so dumb as to not do that?"
I'll be posting another chapter shortly don't you worry! But please leave some comments, likes, follows, anything really cause I love writing fan fiction and haven't done it in a while and now I realize how FUN it is! Muahahaha! Anyways gotta go :P
The silence was deafening. John's eyes were downcast and Sherlock's were piercing, holding all the emotions that he kept hidden for so long. John glanced up at Sherlock and was met with his mouth curved slightly up. Suddenly he was covering the space between them and standing nearly nose to nose. Sherlock gingerly grabbed John's hands and held them level with their hips.
"Maria I must ask, are you noticing different parents coming in or leaving? Do you see newcomers every night or is it always different? What do you see, Maria? You are obviously a smart woman you must know something is going on."
"No, let me talk." John said. "I need you to hear this.... I understand what you did, I don't accept what you did and I still am slightly angry but if you were in the same position I would've done the exact same. Death is a serious topic for me as it probably is for anyone. But I have dealt with death, Sherlock, more so than you realize. It's my past, present, and probably future..... but the thing is I want YOU in my future. You're kind, stern, sarcastic, brilliant, annoying at times, and you never fail to make me very alert at every goddamn second; but I love it. When I said you weren't normal, I was angry. It wasn't what I thought. Besides, normal is overrated isn't it? I spend time in the army and I dealt with a lot of 'normal,' and you are one of a kind. I suppose what I'm trying to say to you, is that I love you. I consider you family, I always have. I talked to Mrs. Hudson on the phone because I haven't been with Rosie for so long and I miss her like you wouldn't believe- wait, yes you would. She told me what you called her, the stories you told, the way you loved her when I wasn't around.... and for that? I am forever grateful, and I would be honored if you became part of our family.... do you forgive me, Sherlock?"
John looked at him with a look of confusion, admiration, and a tad of annoyance. Susan didn't seem bothered and instead took Rosie out of her arms.
TO BE CONTINUED! muahahahhahahaha I just did another cliffhanger cause I am mean and I have the power to do that >:) ANYWAYS! Thank you again for favorite, commenting, and liking and yeah! It helps a lot to see the support cause it makes me smile every time and makes me want to finish this story! If you have any recommendations or any stories you would like me to write besides this one, please comment or DM me because I want to write more stories after this! See all of you next time :)
Sherlock whipped around. "I don't know if it's a woman but I have a pretty good idea that it is due to the similar gender of the victims, Graham."
"You can deduce crime scenes but I can deduce that you're lying. You are physically and emotionally attracted to John Watson and the faster you realize that the better."
John stared in disbelief and mortification at the detective in front of him. "You utter twat. Rosie is my daughter- of course I would be going to a meeting! You are not the boss of me."
The minute Sherlock slammed open the door, he saw Mycroft and Greg pressing down on his chest and performing CPR.
Greg raised an eyebrow and laughed. "Oh my apologies I should've known she would be awake." Sarcasm dripping out of his comment.
At first it was silent, John's gaze locked on Sherlock's serious expression with a mix of disbelief, confusion, and a tad bit of anger.
Sherlock suddenly appeared next to the two of them. "Murder? Where? It's a woman isn't it? 24, worked at the same place as the other woman correct?"
Susan slowly looked up and John swore he saw a glint in her eye. "Well a week or so ago, she gave me the name of a chemist who I had been looking for and I finally found the person and it turns out they were exactly who I needed! So just give her a hello and thank you, okay John?"
Sherlock sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "How can I possibly do that if I'm feeling love towards you?"
Sherlock, however, was not going down without a fight. "I am leaving you alone. You, on the other hand, are not following in the agreement you bestowed upon me because you, John Watson, have followed me here on your own accord. So if I may ask again, why are you here when I said not to go?"
"You are such an idiotic genius." John whispered before gripping Sherlock's scarf and pulling him forward to connect their lips.
John rolled his eyes and held the medicine more securely as he smiled at the detective. "You are such an idiot."
"What the hell are we going to do now? If John can't remember what happened at Joan's meeting we won't know how the bloody hell she is sending out these toxins into people! And I can't just flounce in there and say that she's a murderer- god this is fantastic! Not at all boring." Sherlock shouted as he fluffed his hair in exasperation.
John thumped his head against the door with a fond smirk. "I could never forget about her... she's like my rock, Mrs. Hudson. She keeps me sane and I love her and everything has been so damn crazy-"
"I need to test something because we've both been around the children. If Rosie was at the daycare-"
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose as he slowly walked to the window. "Sherlock I understand you're upset-"
Sherlock nodded in consent and sat at the table as John grabbed the dinners and place them down in front of the two boys.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he ripped her gas mask off her face, causing a surprised look to cross over, not expecting Sherlock to have any energy and figured he had collapsed therefore knocking her down. But Sherlock, being a girl's name, was not like most women.
John quickly sat back down with a scowl, totally hiding his soft laughter at this playful Sherlock who was now laughing hysterically.
John had frozen to listen to Joan as her cruel intentions were laid out. This whole time it wasn't from the children, it was ventilation it was all a lie all a trick and they were so blind. He had to tell Sherlock. He sat for another moment as he gained some clarity back as he struggled to stand up when he heard Joan's voice echo.
Greg just shrugged and nodded. "Well yeah that's why we called you and Sherlock, or were we interrupting you two having a romantic interaction?"
John finally broke Sherlock's gaze and smiled at everyone. Little did anybody know, that in John's head there was a constant band of the word 'shit' circling around his head, as his emotions for Sherlock escalated.
Sherlock eagerly nodded in agreement as he leaned forward and captured John's lips in his own. There was a low moan from the two of them as they bit against each other's lips, eager to get another taste. Sherlock seemed to lean forward into John more after that and let out a contented sigh as the kiss became more controlled than last. It was ended however when John shifted in his seat and gently pushed Sherlock a little back.
John whined lowly in his throat as he worried about Rosie's protection with Mrs. Hudson right now. "Stay.... away frommm.... my daughhttterrrr..."
Mycroft quickly pressed another round and then, pressed his lips down and exhaled. Sherlock felt a pang of jealousy in his chest at that and rushed forward.
John quickly hung up and opened the bathroom door to see Greg with a bunch of police officers by Joan's cell. He went up to Greg first and pulled at his arm.
Now Story notes: I like Joan's character but I want to build on it. The next chapter isn't focused as much on Johnlock but rather Joan's character and why she did this. Also as you can tell, john and Sherlock made up. They are gonna bring it up probably once more later on just because they want to be stable especially cause they have a child to raise now but yeah!!! If you have ANY IDEAS PLEASE COMMENT THEM OR SEND ME A MESSAGE VIA TUMBLR! Thx!
"Mycroft should we, uh, leave them be?" Greg whispered causing Mycroft to sigh and put his jacket on.
"No, Sherlock, you're trying to make him forgive you not stab you with the nearest object." Mycroft said, rubbing his face tiredly.
Sherlock inhales deeply and rips himself free before storming back behind the glass as Greg shows John into the room. The door shuts and Sherlock glances at the window, not seeing anyone's faces but knowing that they see his. John shifted his gaze to Joan who was staring at him with slight fascination.
"MOUNTAIN- you know whatever shut up Sherlock." John groaned as he saw Mycroft slowly hand Greg a $20 bill. "The point is that Sherlock and I hired this woman to be our babysitter. Her name is Kat Grinly. When we dropped Rosie off she seemed concerned about having a child at her apartment and was incredibly nervous but I was too worried about the reservations I didn't pay attention to it." John said as he stared at her face. "When we picked Rosie up we noticed that Kat was nervously biting her nails and all the lights were on in her house and she was startled when the we rang the doorbell. Sherlock started to deduce her and scared the poor woman even more and I politely grabbed Sherlock and Rosie and left."
"Still pissed that you brought her there despite a poison scare." John mumbled but was cut off by a strong glare from Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes lowered a little and his shoulders seemed more sagged. "Yes, yes of course. Well, we have a busy day tomorrow and, uh, I believe we should get some rest."
"Oh don't worry that happened with my ex husband once too! He ran off and never appeared again!" Maria said with a loud obnoxious laugh.
"Sherlock! God don't scare me like that!" He laughed. "What are you doing sneaking up on me like that?"
"I'm not upset John I'm frustrated there is a difference. Being upset is an emotion meant for petty 3 year olds while frustration is for stressed adults. I just want to know WHY she killed two when she obviously was after one particular person and-"
"No." Sherlock said abruptly, still staring at her. "It's obvious. She had the same symptoms, same poison, same everything. She is just like the rest but somebody didn't play along with her game so our culprit decided to just kill off another one."
Greg frowned and flickered his eyes back and forth between him and Sherlock. "Are you two still fighting or...?"
Sherlock whirled around to glare at Mycroft at that last one but as smart as he was, he completely forgot about everything that was happening. The parent night, calling Rosie 'our,' referring to themselves as the Holmes family....
Sherlock sighed as his ghostly eyes drifted to meet Greg's. "There's only one antidote.... and two of us."
John closed his eyes fondly and connected their lips together, locking his hands behind his neck. Pulling back, worry was etched across John's face.
The taxi driver sighed and quickly ran down the steps, Sherlock following as he pointed at a very ill John who gasped weakly as Sherlock's eyes widened and quickly ran to him.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Joan just give it up and tell them what you did because if I waltz in there and spout out the TRUTH, which we all know is the truth because I don't lie, they'll call me delusional and arrest me instead."
John returned the smile. "Well I'm doing ok. You seem pretty ok yourself... even though two of your co-workers were found dead."
John blinked repeatedly before clearing his dry throat. "Yes yes we do.... um.... alright yeah let's just, get this done."
Sherlock was quiet for a couple minutes as he scanned John's face then turned back to Joan, his face telling her to watch her back. He turned back to John and slowly walked over until they were nose to nose.
Greg, startled by his sudden appearance, let out a small laugh. "Yeah I guess so. With Sherlock messing around every five seconds it's a wonder how I manage to get anything done at all. But he's most likely brooding about John's absence so I can actually do some of this blasted paperwork."
Mycroft frowned yet kept his eyes focused on Greg who was now laughing at a joke John had probably made. "What doesn't make sense? The fact Greg and John are laughing together or the fact that you are probably going to lie to John about the other woman's death?"
The boys nod as Greg heads to the car, waiting for Sherlock and John to join him. As john begins to follow, Sherlock yanks him back. Surprised by this, John reaches his hands out to catch himself from falling but Sherlock is quicker. He grabs John's hands, pulls them so they fall behind his neck, and the next thing the boys know, their lips are one, smiles on both of them.
Sherlock in response just huffed and followed John to another mother who was busy play fighting with her son. "Hello ma'am."
The two didn't realize they were getting closer until Rosie began to cry. Jumping away from each other, John's face burned in a strong blush. Picking Rosie up, he nearly fled the room. She had to be fed to he picked up the bottle and sat down in the rocking chair, lost in thought. They almost kissed.... kissed for christ's sake! John shook his head and kissed the top of Rosie's head. That can't happen again, or he wouldn't be able to either control himself or lash out. He listened intently as Sherlock's feet padded past the room and into his own. Letting out a breath he didn't know he was holding, he continued to feed Rosie, as his eyes began to close.
John seemed to have an internal fight with himself but gave up as he picked up Rosie. "Just, we will discuss the case when we get home but for now we are going to sing some nursery songs with Rosie."
John's eyes immediately lost that playful gleam as he sighed. "And to think we were going to have another moment after days on end..... Anyways what do you need to know? I don't know what's going on either."
"Sherlock, no, I'm sorry I didn't believe you but I remember it now. I remember it all and I am going to head home and won't remember again and I am stuck in a cycle but now you're in it and I am sorry I put  you in this situation." He sobbed out.
Joan smiled. "Same time as always! Oh and let the girls at the daycare know that training is tonight from 5-8!"
Joan laughed. "That's great! Everybody always knew the two of you were a couple! And now even raising a daughter, you two moved fast didn't ya?"
The men get out of the car with Greg in the lead. As they near the station, a sense of tension fills the air. What was going to happen in there? They had the gas mask, the potions, and two witnesses but how would that be enough especially considering Sherlock's record? Greg opened the door to the questioning room and there were a bunch of people in uniform standing behind the glass window where Joan's wrist were shackled and she was sat in a chair with a small desk, her hands folded on top of it.
"No there's been two ask Gre- Grant he probably will admit to a second one but there didn't have to be a second one because I am such a BLOODY IDIOT! Excuse me John I need to check something."
Greg froze as he slowly looked at Mycroft. "But you have looked at me like that before and I always thought you were just pissed at me because Sherlock constantly is and calls me a 'muppet' if I say something stupid."
"Cancel it, I'm not going to sing nursery rhymes to a bunch of dumb, small children without you." Sherlock said with distaste.
Joan smiles and leans back. "Technically I never killed anyone, I only brought them back to life. Sure, the drugs went through my little ventilation system but I 1. Did not make the drug and 2. Did not put said drugs into the system. The other girl who was with me was the one who turned on the system and let it through the air. Should I give the name, too, as to who made the drugs in the first place?"
John glared at her as she just smirked. Everyone moved in a jumble, many of them tripping and groaning and screaming. John heard it all as his vision became worse and he neared a taxi that had pulled over. Stumbling and clinging to it the man rolled down the window in concern.
HOLY GUACAMOLE! Okay. So. Ima apologize. I'm so so so so so so so so sorry that I haven't posted since JULY. You guys have asked for more and the comments brighten my day. I smile so wide when I read them and it gives me life so please keep reviewing and leaving kudos. I love this story and finally have time to continue it so thank you very much for your patience, you all are my inspiration and reason to continue so thank you again!
"Well that could've gone... worse." Greg muttered as he looked down at his phone. "However you can talk to Sherlock after Joan has her interrogation... which is now so unless you want her to win against the authorities, I would use as much information you got from Sherlock and get your ass in there."
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Suck it up and accept the nightmares. Now," he cleared his throat and did a higher pitched voice. "Sherlock I'm home! hello Sherlock I'm still pissed at you."
"I prefer the term bitch," Sherlock said smugly despite the symptoms becoming more and more apparent. "but Joan I knew it was you from the beginning. You have no chance at winning now that the gas mask is gone. The drug is already in your system and the mask would undoubtedly be contaminated. So give up, treat everyone here, and continue on with your life. I won't arrest you if you save their lives."
Moriarty detected the motion of John’s gaze and smiled. “Oh, he’s in there. I’ll reunite you in a minute. I just need to—”
Sherlock wasn’t sure how to tell the inspector that he had no home. Oh, there were places he could stay: Baker Street, Weald House, even his old room at Mycroft’s flat. But John would be in none of those places, and even after two years of separation, Sherlock had come to think of ‘home’ as wherever John was at the time.
If he hadn’t been prepared to see Sherlock again, John certainly wasn’t prepared to feel him again. The familiar pressure and heat and smell triggered an almost Pavlovian response, and John found himself returning the kiss even as he was thinking,
“You didn’t notice a huge box? Or any of the rest of your mail, for that matter?” She eyed Sherlock speculatively. “Just how sick was he?”
“Sherlock,” John called to him, thinking to himself that he sounded a bit like someone calling a recalcitrant dog.
Sherlock nodded his understanding and led John inside. Mrs. Hudson fretted after them as Sherlock negotiated the stairs, and he was finally compelled to tell her, “We’ll be fine, Mrs. Hudson. We just need some rest.”
Charles chuckled and nodded. “Very good,” he said, pulling out the notebook again. “Sorry about the neck; we’ll use your arm next time.”
John shrugged. “A few different things.” He extracted a tube. “Here.” Sherlock held out his hand for it, but John said, “I’ll do it. Lie back down.”
More peeved than worried now—how was it he’d once again become the go-between for the Holmes brothers?—John dialed the number. No answer. He waited a minute then tried again. Nothing.
“I could just . . .” John sat down on the edge of the bed. Then he lay down, his back toward Sherlock. But he found himself too aware of the presence of the warm body behind him.  He sat up again.
“Open them,” John directed. His hands were too slick with blood to waste effort fumbling with the tear notches.
“Thanks.” After an awkward pause, John added, “Well, I’ll just—” He snatched up his bag and made for the door.
Sherlock started toward Anderson, and Lestrade put up a hand to stop him. “Anderson, give him the kit.”
AFTER NAVIGATING THE labyrinthine hallways of the hospital, they escaped via an entrance on the west side, thus avoiding the waiting area where everyone else had gathered. John didn’t know how long Mycroft and the others intended to stay—in fact, maybe they’d gone already—but it didn’t seem worth risking. Though it did mean a longer walk to the car park for Sherlock’s bare feet.
“It even fits,” Sherlock said as he slipped the band onto his finger. He eyed John appreciatively. “You’ve become an apt pupil in the science of deduction.”
“The woman in the apartment?” asked Lestrade. “Shall we begin rounding up women with red fingernails who are wearing black dress shoes?”
“Find anything else interesting today? Besides the ring?” John asked. He felt as if he were standing atop a slippery precipice and trying not to step wrong.
John felt his stomach grow cold, and he set his food aside. He had the uneasy feeling the ‘death knell’ hadn’t been intended for Markham and Lumley so much as for Sherlock and himself. “So it’s a religious organization?”
Sherlock liked to think of himself as a disciplined person, but his impulsive streak had been known to cut through his self-control. On occasion. And what was delightful about John was that he seemed to have very little awareness of his effect on people, that afternoon’s strip tease notwithstanding. Now here he was, standing next to the computer chair, clean and sweet smelling, and still a bit damp so that his henley stuck to him in wonderfully interesting ways.
“Harry had Sherl’s in her room. Mycroft must still have yours in his pocket. I can get it, but . . . Where is he?”
“Dana’s. He owned it, named it for his little sister. Pretty popular, too, from what everyone says.” Lestrade opened the door. “If you learn anything useful . . .”
Tamzen set a glass of beer in front of Irene and another, darker one in front of Sherlock. “I guessed Guinness. That’s, like, European or something, right?”
Mycroft stared at his brother, who in turn continued to stare across the room, though John was alarmed to see that the hand holding his drink was trembling.
John shoved the questions from his mind. The blood continued to flow from Sherlock’s chest, and air was traveling in and out of the wound with each increasingly labored breath. John couldn’t perform surgery, not out there, not without the proper tools, but he could try to stop the bleeding and give Sherlock (
JOHN’S FIRST TASK was to go out and find his shoes, which were sopping. Next he planned to search for his car, but when he came back into the kitchen, Mycroft was waiting for him at the table.
“And she didn’t dare try it in front of the Baskervilles,” said John, relaxing slightly. Harry wasn’t shy about her drinking, would do so abundantly in social situations if and when she could get away with it, but she was also keenly aware of others’ perceptions of her. She wouldn’t have risked a bad impression by having asked for a drink first thing in the morning, and of course the Baskervilles had not offered. Nor had Harry been alone with an unlocked liquor cabinet, thank goodness.
“You’re telling me,” He huffed and then shook his head, rerouting the conversation and continuing, “Anyway, now he comes with this? Something completely different, something utterly and completely opposite of the ordinary classical he always does?”
John couldn’t help but let out a rather loud laugh, shaking his head and beaming at the boy beside him, “No, I was going to ask about you, actually.”
Perhaps he was preparing to dress for rugby practice, bored out of his mind, waiting patiently for someone - anyone - to text him in a means of distraction. Sherlock blinked and rolled his eyes at his imagination, shaking his head with a scoff and kneeling down to dig through his ballet duffle, grabbing out his shoes, their attached pink ribbons trailing against the wooden dance floor.
Before he disappeared behind the door the Peacekeeper was impatiently holding open, Mycroft glanced over his shoulder and murmured, “Remember what I told you earlier.” And then his eyes dropped once to the hand Sherlock had tucked away in his pocket, bronze bee held tight within his fist, before he was ushered out the door by the man in white.
“Fucking stupid is what you are,” Victor spat out, yanking his black, uniform slacks on with vehement.
“They won’t,” He spat, glaring at the meal before him with distaste, before turning and shoving the plate back into his refrigerator, stomach pleading for him not to, but thoughts twisting him away from its contents.
,” His brother uttered, and suddenly, within a mere instant, he had all of Sherlock’s attention, every last bit, “The Games aren’t just about physical strength.” Mycroft let out a deep breath and shut his eyes momentarily, “With a mind like yours, you have the ability to outsmart everyone. And I expect you to.”
Freezing at the sight of more bruises on a boy who was a frequent receiver of such, John swallowed and cleared his throat, expression still easy, still tender. Carefully, John lifted a hand and pointed, softly, at the being’s wrist, head tilting to the side as he asked, slowly, “What happened there?”
“Fine,” John stated firmly, deciding that if Sherlock didn’t want to go home, he certainly wouldn’t force him to, lie or no lie, “my flat then.”
I have made a Twitter called: reachmyeyes. Here you can see updates and info on when the next chapters will be coming out and even submit any sort of fanart if you like! Give me a follow to keep up to date with RME!
Sherlock hummed and looked thoughtful, his brows drawing forwards in faux question, his tone playful and curious, “Is that all I’m good for? Saving you from Anderson’s
Smirking, Sherlock grabbed for his notebook and reached down, sliding it into his backpack behind his other things, and securing it safely from view. When he lifted himself back up, he met John’s eyes instantly – blue sapphires watching him curiously, narrowing in observant amusement, the corner of John’s lips quirked up just slightly.
"District Twelve's very first volunteer," The woman in pink marveled, grinning at Molly, whose face was simply frozen in both shock at her own actions and utter disbelief, "What's your name?"
John felt his lips quirk into a warm smile and he quickly chuckled, approaching the brunette and giving his mum’s old car a pat on its hood, “Oi, it runs, and that’s what matters.”
"Do shut up then," Sherlock snapped and stared straight ahead, his surroundings falling more familiar as they grew closer and closer to the Hall of Justice.
“There you are,” She declared, something like aggravation hidden in the tone of her voice, “Have you all met?”
— bloody hell. He grabbed hold of them slowly and blinked blankly down at their folded form in his hands, before shaking himself awake and turning away to set his duffle bag and backpack down at the foot of the door, nervously lifting his eyes to John’s, ocean blue gazing back at him with intrigue.
John looked up instantly, a grin practically plastered to his face at this point, and let out a soft laugh, “Besides YouTube, you mean?”
, getting the better of him as he was suddenly propelled to the top. He gasped as the water fell from his curls, his ears, his eyelashes, his shoulders, facing the white wall of the other end of the tub and panting exhaustedly, eyes shut once more, squeezed tightly in an attempt to still his heaving.
“Please?” John begged, lifting his hand again, this time asking permission as it went, gentle and soft as he placed it against Sherlock’s shoulder once more, fingers squeezing just slightly.
“No,” He snapped, harsh and quick, his head ducked and face now hidden, curls still stuck to his wet skin.
John Hamish Watson’s burial was nothing short of pathetic. Sherlock despised it, he despised being there, and he despised the pink and yellow bouquet of flowers sitting above that box, a box that held a gift so very dear to Sherlock, he could hardly bear to watch it shoved into a dirty hole that had been forged through the pitiful Earth.
The rugby captain’s ocean blue eyes widened rather rapidly and he was instantly coughing and fumbling nervously and one-handedly with his backpack straps, “Oh, I, uh,” He swallowed and moved to the other side of the corner table, sitting directly in front of Sherlock, his lunch tray clattering against its surface as he seemingly collected himself, confidence right back in those ever-perfect features, “How are you?”
Sherlock watched in utter disbelief from his sprawled position on the cold floor, his back throbbing and his bones aching, whilst his mind cheered and swooned over John Watson, of whom was now standing beside him, a hand outstretched and a small, fragile smile across his finally warm expression.
“But they didn’t so,” Sherlock muttered, brows arching, voice lifting slightly in mockery. The skinny brunette pulled himself from the sheets with a grimace and reached down to grab hold of his pants, sitting on the edge of the mattress and yanking them on before standing and wrapping this arms around himself insecurely. He made his way to his drawers, grabbing out one of his many button-down uniform-accepted shirts and unfolding it to slip his arms through, turning his body away from Victor’s sharp, unforgiving glare.
Sherlock smirked, wide and devious, licking his lips and shrugging a shoulder, “When my mother wasn’t looking I’d slip away and change the labels of all the paintings in the art gallery.”
Sherlock beamed softly his way before shrugging and glancing over at the woman in question, “She was fine. We had a short conversation before she decided she’d rather focus on bedding one of the women here tonight.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile down at his mobile, his fingers clutching it just a bit tighter and his heart swelling for a few mere moments, before he let his thumbs dance across the keyboard.
John slammed his locker shut and turned around to face them, glancing at Greg and Mike still pulling on their gear, before glaring at both James and Sebastian, the two practically sneering at him, “No, seriously.
“You’re going to have to be in another one of my videos,” The boy across from him hummed, shaking his head as though it couldn’t possibly be any other way, as though it simply had to be done. Sherlock gulped, watching John carefully for any sign of fabrication, noting how the boy had a wide, genuine smile across his tan face, how his eyes were brighter than they had been just a moment ago, how he sat, leaning back, before lifting his carton of milk to his pink lips, throat bobbing.
,” John whispers against his cheek, moving down until his own forehead is pressed against Sherlock’s, warm and grounding and everything and more than Sherlock could have possibly asked for.
. No one could. John would tell his friends, his friends would tell the entirety of school and soon social media would be enlightened to his true identity; the very thought was his worst nightmare.
“Hi,” Sherlock said in a hushed tone, slightly out of breath at the sight of John, all dressed in a poofy white jacket, obviously originally meant for skiing, a British flag patch ironed on to the front top corner of it, wonky letters following that said, clearly, ‘
It angered Sherlock, as much as he never wanted to be angry at those blue, innocent eyes or that warm, currently missing, smile.
He took in the heavy-set smirks of Sebastian Wilkes and James Sholto, their expressions hungry for action as they hopped up and down, fingers shaking and legs bouncing, the entirely of their muscle clad figures fueled by anticipation. Mike was stood off to one side, chatting aimlessly with Sebastian Moran and the rest of the team, all matching in their red and white uniforms, Baker’s mascot and emblem stretched across the front, their player numbers across the back.
“Not the fastest, but I appreciate the uplifting introduction,” Carl beamed, accent far more posh than his own, before turning to John and lightly lifting his hand, which John shook pleasantly.
He watched her wipe her hands on her skirt and saunter over to the flat door, her small hands slapping the handle angrily and her eyes fixing themselves on his silent position, glaring, burning through him, so much so he actually felt the smallest, shortest pang of shame — for making her worry, for working her so hard, for adding those extra wrinkles.
Once he’d put the heating on full blast and gotten comfortable with the soppy, unpleasant feeling of wet underwear, John had kicked the car into drive and begun his trip home, heart happy with the lack of a muddy, drowned rugby practice.
“No, it’s not,” John said, quickly, and Sherlock couldn’t help it — he turned to look at him, their face so very close, their eyes staring, ablaze with silent questions, expressions glowing as they bared their souls, as they spoke of things they’d never thought to someday be a possibility.
With narrowed eyes, Sherlock took a slow step forwards, clearing his throat and staring at the two of them in confusion, “Digging for what?”
And with that, he turned and sauntered proudly away, fingers trembling with the obvious urge to fulfill his alcoholic tendencies, the urge to dull an addictive sensation.
“As I said before,” Sherlock bobbed his head slowly and quirked a small smirk, allowing himself a glance up at John’s warm grin as he took his duffle bag from John’s capable hands, “it seems chivalry
Mycroft Holmes looks away from me, shifting it to the statue, representing his younger brother.His answer is a sad whisper: "Sherlock is gone."
I was often asked what my feelings were to Sherlock.He was definitely a monster.He hurt my father.Still, no one can deny that the rare illness, which kills some vampires, has a precise name, even though they do not want to recognize it.It's called love.Probably, for most vampires, it's inconceivable to fall in love with the being they feeds on.It's as if a human fell in love with a cow.That is why they do not talk about it and they do not accept it for what it is.A strong and indestructible feeling.Something so profound that leads to death, when the inevitable separation between human and vampire arrives.
Sherlock took his hand off my cock. I resumed moving, finding the right angle to strike my prostate with Sherlock's cock every time he penetrated me. My cock began to react, hardening. Sherlock leaned his head to the edge of the tub, closing his eyes. My movements became quicker, as the orgasm grew and came close to its explosion. When we were both about to come, Sherlock opened his eyes, sat down, embraced me and sank his fangs in my neck. I stuck him to me, squeezing my fingers through the rebellious and wet curly of my dark vampire. We came together. As the spasm of the orgasm shook our bodies, my head began to turn. I felt the forces missing. Sherlock called me, worried and anxious, but his voice came from far. Far away. A dark abyss swallowed me.
The change of narrator was an obligation. Only Rosie and Mary could tell, even if in large lines, what they did after separating from John.
I see hesitation on Sherlock's face.I understand what he is trying to do.I myself would like to kill Sebastian Moran with my hands.
"It's the diaries that ... that ... your father ... wrote in these years.I'm sure he would be happy if he knew you had them.I hope you likes to read them.It's a way to know him and know what has happened to him in these years.I know you will make a bad opinion of me and I can’t give it a bad one.However, I would like you to understand how much he has become important to me.I would like to go back and delete certain things I did, but I can’t.I would also like to apologize, but it's too late ... too late ..."
Sherlock chuckled, "You are free to do so. However, do not complain about the consequences. Mycroft has no sense of humor and could react badly to any of your jokes."
Sherlock had tried to keep neutral the tone of voice as if it did not touch him. But I understood that this situation bothered him. I had felt it by the mild hesitation that he had while he was referring to what Mary had said. I felt from the way he was clutching me. It did not hurt me, but there was a sense of possession in that tight which could not escape from me.
"It was a rare illness," the deep and melodious voice comes from my shoulders.I  let me face it.I am in front of a young man, who shows about thirty years.He is tall, thin, with clear green eyes and short reddish and wavy hairs.The lips are a thin line, set in a melancholy smile.The cheekbones are tall, but less sharp than those of Sherlock.
These were the last words Sherlock pronounced for the rest of the day. He closed in stubborn mutism, but I did not complain. The silence was pleasant. Above all, in Sherlock's arms. We stayed hugged for a long time, savoring our mutual company, aware that we did not need to tell us anything, because each one knew what the other would have said.
Mom has gone into negotiation now.She is putting all her energy in trying to reach peace.That was what Daddy wanted.It's her mission, to find the courage to get up every morning and move on.I support her, because I know it is what she needs.
, he can do anything to you from raping you and feeding from you to get you picked up and bring you to the meeting with Mary without asking for my permission and your collaboration. Without that I can do anything to stop him, while things will change if we come to peace with Humanity. My brother thinks you can convince your wife to sign the non-aggression pact. He want you to use your influence on her to take her on his side," Sherlock explained.
"Yes. Someone with whom he is compatible. The old donor is sent to live in some family property until the end of his life. Generally, donor and vampire do not meet anymore."
Mom takes my hand with one of her: "It did not have to go this way.I was sure I could take him home.I'm sorry, Rosie.I'm sorry…"
"We can’t know what lies under that jacket. He could have a bomb and get blown up, to kill one of the leaders of the resistance," Moran replies, in a harsh tone.
The anguish had again taken over. It was palpable in the room. We did not see a way out. There was not. We could not escape, hide ourselves, take away our responsibilities. Anything was the price we would have to pay. I owe it to my breed. I had to give it to Mary and my broken promises. I owe it to Rosie and to her future. I had to do it myself, to remain consistent with the decision, that I had taken the night I had killed James Moriarty. I owe it to Sherlock, because it was not right for him to argue with his brother. That he suffered, for my fault.
Mycroft Holmes approaches the chapel. He greets me with a nod of his head, and enters in the chapel: "We are ready," he announces, to no one in particular.
Whatever my wishes are, anyway, I will have my answers very soon. Already tomorrow may be the beginning of a new era. I will do my part, because I do not easily renounce my dream. I want to keep my family together. And my family are Mary, Rosie and Sherlock.
But I hope that young woman is right. It would be nice if, on December 22, 2012, the dawn saw a new world where no more master vampires and human slaves exist, but all are equal, with the same duties and rights.
Ms. Hudson brought us some food, but she realized that something was wrong and, with great touch, had no questions, leaving us alone.
It was not long time since we started kissing. It happened by chance during the preliminaries for a night of sex. Our lips had met and we had tried to kiss each other. It had been nice. One more discovery of each other. From that night, kisses had entered our loving routine as an integral part of the preliminaries, but we never kissed in other circumstances. It was as if we both felt that kissing, in other situations, would be embarrassing and out of place.
"Well, send the donors to an idyllic place, where they can enjoy a well-deserved retirement," I smiled again, encouraging.
"No!You do not have to ... peace between ... our races is ... it's more important than one man's life.Promise ... promise ... that you will not do anything ... against that man.”
"I believe you, general.Even among the vampires there are many who do not approve of this attempt to dialogue between our races and who would do anything to send the negotiations up.It will not be easy to achieve our goal."
The vampire looks away: "Thanks for the offer, but I do not need them. I ... I ... I have my memories. That's enough for me."
"It's right for you to know what happened to Sherlock because you are John Watson's daughter. You are a member of our family. And the family must stay united. Especially in pain. I am Sherrinford, the youngest of Holmes brothers. I met your dad, during one of the rare visits my brother Sherlock did to our atavic residence in Sussex. I know you will not be happy to tell you about the relationship between your father and my brother. I can understand that you do not approve of it and that you believes my broche is a monster who has taken your father away from you. What you think, however, does not change the depth of the bond that united Sherlock and John. Your father was a good man, with a great heart and infinite patience, who was able to conquer my brother's trust and respect. I've never seen Sherlock as happy and serene as he was with John. It is the only consolation we have. He would see him happy before the end."
Today, though, I knew something that could change everything. I do not know what to think of this news. I can not understand what I'm trying to do, because I did not think I'd ever get any information about Mary and Rosie. Yet, this could be a step towards peace.
We're still looking ateach other when the dad's body stiffens.The smile disappears, replaced by an expression of incredulity and surprise.
"The blood in the pockets is not nutritious enough. You will have to wait at least a week before feeding on John. You have to find ..."
The two brothers looked for a few minutes without adding anything else. Mycroft left. Without health.
I blush. I do not even know why. Mom also told me I have Dad's eyes. I expect him to continue. Sherlock extends me a package. I look it curious.
I look the unbelieving package.My father's diaries.His thoughts.His feelings.I stretch out a shaking hand, "Thank you," I murmur.I pack the package to my chest.I do not know what to say.
"I would like to inform you that Dr. Watson is wearing a collar with a poisoned needle.There is no way to remove it.If you try to take him away..."
Lestrade pulled open the back door of the car. “You realize I’m going to have a number of questions for you as well as him,” he warned with a nod in John’s direction.
Or, if John were being completely truthful, Sherlock had said, “All right.” But with no hesitation. That must be worth something, had to be because it was all John had now, Weald House and all Sherlock’s personalty and assets notwithstanding.
“This is how we dress for going to clubs,” Irene informed him. “They’ll love you no matter what you wear, but some of us have to work harder.”
John thought this might be the moment to bring up the needles, but before he could speak, movement outside the windows brought him up short. A woman—an extremely pretty woman—was mounting the stairs to the portico.
John went to the door, hesitated. He couldn’t very well go out there with a gun in his hand, but he didn’t relish stepping out unarmed. He pocketed his firearm but kept his hand ready in his jacket. Then, with a deep breath and muscles tensed to respond to any potential assault, he pushed open the door.
AND SO THIS is how Sherlock Holmes, his feet bare and dirty and his left side burning with flares of pain, and John Watson, dressed in shabby jeans and a faded t-shirt, found themselves exchanging rings in their flat on Baker Street in London. And while the Register—himself tired and addled by having Inspector Lestrade drag him from his bed—put the date on the paperwork as the last day of July, it was actually three past midnight when it was all said and done, which would lead to many years of debate between Sherlock and John as to whether their anniversary was in July or August.
“But you haven’t failed them.” John glanced around as they walked; the streets were beginning to look familiar now.
The man looked so hopeful, Mrs. Grossman was moved to add, “And if we stop in a few rooms on the way to the kitchen, I’m sure the good doctor wouldn’t mind.”
Sherlock shook his head as he pulled the phone out. Mycroft again. He was either up very late or very early. A minute after he declined the call, a text message popped up.
“I see no reason to wait.” Sherlock supposed he’d best be truthful to avoid any additional contention. “Moriarty was back; he seems to think the issue is urgent.”
John already appeared unable to see clearly. In fact, Sherlock wasn’t sure John was seeing anything at all. His flatmate’s eyes were open, yes, but the gaze was as empty as a dead man’s, and in a moment of panic, Sherlock was moved to check that John still had a pulse. The way John jerked when Sherlock touched him alarmed the detective but also served to affirm John was still alive.
John checked the clock. It was early, but not absurdly so. Maybe he would go ahead and get started on the day. If Sherlock was still asleep, John would have first chance at the shower.
Sherlock tested his balance, gingerly shifting weight from one foot to the other. He felt the tightness and pulling on his left side, and morbid curiosity made him want to look. But of course the wound was covered by a bandage.
“You’re awake under there, I can tell,” someone said before Sherlock could finish assessing his situation. The voice was impossibly familiar. Because Moriarty was dead.
“You’re getting angry,” said Christopher, his voice husky. “Don’t fight it; it won’t be half as much fun.”
“I don’t remember much,” John answered evasively, “but you’re free to ask, and I’ll tell you as much as I can.”
“Because I couldn’t afford to have you traipsing home from your work in Tibet and Nepal. And now you’ve left me hanging in Turkey,” Mycroft added crossly.
Lestrade swallowed. “He spent seven years in prison for indecent assault and gross indecency with a minor, a little time added for evidence that he planned to abduct the boy. This was, oh, about twenty years ago.”
John jumped again at the sound of Sherlock’s voice behind him. “Nothing,” he snapped, “I just—” He glanced down at his thumb. “Pinched myself.”
“Who took it?” Mycroft asked. “Were you mugged for it, is that how you got the bruise on your cheek?”
“You should have seen her light up when she heard you were back,” Henry went on. “She’s waiting for you to make her happy, Sherlock.”
Lestrade opened the back door of the car and waited for Sherlock to ease John in and over before climbing in after him. “You’re sure about this?”
Dr. Matthews stopped in front of a door. “Well, I hope things get better for the two of you from here on out.”
The medics nodded their understanding and got Charles to his feet to lead him out of the room. From the doorway, Donovan offered Lestrade a sullen scowl as he made a shooing gesture and followed her into the sitting room.
Sherlock looked at him, trying to truly see the man who stood there. The nice suit, the perfect hair (more blond now than Sherlock remembered it being), the expensive watch and shoes—all of it show. But Christopher had been intelligent, too, and funny, though in a mean-spirited kind of way, his jokes coming at the expense of others, and he’d always had an ease with people that Sherlock had envied. Sherlock knew now that, too, had been superficial, almost like acting, and he wondered whether Christopher was acting now.
“Didn’t at the start,” Mrs. Grossman said, throwing her visitor a curious look, “but around here it’s the most reliable mode of transportation. Now,” she went on, leading him into the drawing room, “if you would just sign the guest book.”
“Yes,” John said, half sobbing as he tried to keep Sherlock focused. “Just like we wanted. You always get what you want.”
“And Whitcombe returned while Sherlock was in the shower,” deduced Lestrade. “What did you think when you saw he’d come back?”
After the fastest shower he could manage given what felt like a limited range of movement, John found Sherlock in the lobby looking morose or peeved, he wasn’t sure which. Assuming he’d taken too long, John said, “Sorry. It took the water a little while to heat up,” only to realize Sherlock was somewhere else entirely, at least inside his head, as he stared into space.
The shorter man shook his head. “We took the liberty of doing that for you, Mr. Sherlock. Your bag is already checked in for our flight.”
The entrance hall gave directly onto an impressive staircase, but this woman was leading John into a room to the right.
John turned more fully to get a good look.  The hair was dark and spiky in what John supposed was a fashionable way, and the suit was obviously expensive. But it was the twinkling brown eyes and too-white grin that made John want to smack him.
“Oh.” Sherlock was clearly at a loss for the appropriate rejoinder. “You’ll, uh, win her over, I’m sure.”
“Mm-hm,” said John, his eyes not leaving the folder. But Sarah was pretty sure he wasn’t seeing it, either.
“Because no matter how you irritate him, he cares about you. And you shouldn’t be alone. Is this your number?”
First he saw the buttons. Two—no, three—on the dark carpet. Shirt buttons, he realized, and then saw the shirt itself crumpled next to the bed. It didn’t require a medical degree to perceive the dark stains were almost certainly dried blood.
“Yes, Sherl, you’re a beautiful snowflake,” Irene practically sneered. “In a world full of snowflakes. And anarchy on one person’s part will not bring order to everyone else.”
Sherlock straightened as the door sprang open. “You wanted breakfast, didn’t you?” he asked John as he entered.
“Hardly,” Sherlock countered. “A court case that hinges on a man who’s been perpetually drugged for almost four days is weak at best.” He turned his attention to the man leaning against him. “John, I need you to walk a bit. Can you do that?”
“Nah, they’re more Brits. It’s an invasion!” Jonah started to laugh, and Tamzen gave a small growl of disgust as she threw the suit onto a worktable. “Hey, that’s pretty slick,” Jonah said suddenly. “They told me not to tell, but you guessed anyway. They said you were smart.”
Irene’s mouth fell open, and while she tried to find her voice and give an answer, John asked Sherlock quietly, “Is Patrick any good with computers?”
“Even if we tossed him in the back of a car right now, the nearest hospital is at least twenty minutes from here at top speed,” Irene said in low, rapid tones. “We’ve called for an ambulance, but he can’t wait that long.”
John stood, expecting to speak to her, but Irene walked past him to a vending machine in the corner. He stood there awkwardly for a moment until he saw her making an odd gesture with her head that after another few seconds he realized was meant to signal him to join her.
Sherlock wasn’t sure on that score. Though Irene had tried to convince him to stay at her apartment, based on his assessment of her sofa he’d opted for a hotel. He’d skipped breakfast and gone straight to meet Irene at the museum that morning, had declined anything to eat on the flight from London, hadn’t had anything at the flat before leaving . . .
The photo was a mid-shot of Markham and Dawson standing in a park. She was unremarkable, Sherlock decided, though she looked happy enough. Dark hair, dark eyes, a little thick around the waist and quite a bit shorter than Markham. The write-up said she was the daughter of Geoffrey and Pamela Dawson, that her sister would be her Maid of Honor, and that the wedding was set for the end of May.
“Find a reason to lock him up if you need to,” said Sherlock as he stepped around the inspector to get to the door, but he checked himself before exiting. “Well, no, don’t go that far,” he decided. “But keep him here at least until my brother shows up.” And then he was gone.
“There is the chance of food getting caught in it,” Sherlock said with forced levity. “But really, she’s probably just remembering how she had to shave mine for me after my recovery.”
“We should have plenty of time,” said John. “If we’re—and really it’s just you, since I haven’t the slightest clue what’s going on—the only ones who know where this whatever-they-want is, then it can at least wait until daylight. Can’t it?”
Sherlock kicked off his shoes and sat down on the edge of the bed with a sigh. “I lived somewhere before Baker Street.”
“Am I . . .? Sherlock, it’s a miracle you can even move, much less fire a gun. Never mind me; we need to get you to a hospital.”
John gathered his clothes, his toiletries, the couple of books he’d brought with him (Weald House’s library being decidedly dry of interesting titles). Once he thought he had everything, he let his gaze sweep the room, only to have it land on the framed photo propped on the nightstand of Sherlock, age eight, on holiday at the beach. John had brought the picture from the flat for the same reason he’d removed the ring Sherlock had given him. It was a reason he couldn’t entirely articulate, though clichés like “letting go” and “burying the past” sprang to mind. All things Sherlock had seemed to belong in one of two places: his old room at Baker Street or at Weald House. But John saw now that he’d only been playing Persephone, living half the year in London and pretending to be alive and the other half of the year in the pseudo-underworld that was Weald House.
“I’ll let you know what we find out,” Lestrade told them. As it was, he hadn’t had any good reason to call Sherlock on the case, aside from the obvious, the one his team would surely comment on the moment they entered the room (and it was high time he got them in besides, but he wanted Sherlock and John gone first).
He was sitting where Sherlock had left him on the far side of the bed staring at the curtains as if seeing through them.
“Not if you’re still.” John went back into the booth. “Now breathe out and hold your breath until I tell you.”
Sherlock ignored him, of course, and if moving was uncomfortable at all, he hid it. “We should be home. In London. Eating Chinese take away and ignoring calls and e-mails from our siblings. You’d be on the sofa watching something awful, and I’d be at my computer in search of something interesting to work on. And then you’d get bored and go to bed, and I’d give up and go take a shower.”
“Nice, aren’t they?” asked Mrs. Grossman. “That one is Mr.—Dr. Watson,” she hastily amended, “and the other one is . . .” Mrs. Grossman turned from the paintings to the visitor and back again. “You didn’t say you were a relation?”
“What I could do to you,” Charles whispered. “I would glue you to this mattress. How much would he hate that?”
John closed his eyes and held as tightly as he felt decorum would allow. He didn’t open them again until he felt the horse pull to a stop.
“Miss Baskerville,” said Sherlock, “allow me to present Dr. John Watson; Dr. Watson, this is Miss Baskerville.”
Sherlock was already turning away, evidently having lost interest. “I was only trying to make you feel better.”
“Oh, are you going to rebuke me as well?” Gerrie asked. When Mycroft’s brows rose in a silent question, she explained, “John has already taken me to task for not finding Sherlock first thing. But honestly, once you’ve come to terms with not seeing someone ever again, what difference does it make if you do?”
John stared down at the top of Irene’s red head and wondered if maybe she had a mental disorder. “Look, you don’t know me and you don’t know Sarah. So what difference could it possibly make to you if she were upset?”
Sherlock had an abrupt sense of lost balance, like having missed a stair or tripped over something. He wasn’t sure where to put his feet so that he could stay emotionally upright.
“Of course you don’t. Come on.” She waited for Sherlock to join her and started walking again. “What I was going to say, or really I was going to ask . . . Now look, you’ve got me all confused.”
It took Sherlock a minute to fathom his meaning. “The one I left for you? No, I’m not sorry for that.”
“It’s kind of like that,” Irene admitted. She leaned forward and rested her elbow on the table and her chin on her hand. “Was it love at first sight?”
and a sudden desire to go look at the pile of old post that they’d been avoiding the past few weeks. But also because there was something warm pressed against him, which was not usual in his experience. Not unpleasant, but strange. It bore consideration, but Sherlock had more pressing matters to attend to, so he began to disentangle himself.
WITHOUT HAVING TO lead an uncooperative horse, John made it to the house in ten minutes easily. By then he had half talked himself into moving out of Baker Street altogether, wondering whether he could accomplish this before Sherlock was finished with whatever he was doing at Weald House.
“God, no, I can’t—” John began, but then his mobile phone rang and Sherlock very nearly ran off the road.
“Home,” he echoed, his mouth suddenly dry. Another piece of the puzzle, and he didn’t much like the picture that was forming.
“Sorry to be a buzz kill, John,” Moriarty murmured as he stood. He turned to Charles. “And we expect him to live?”
John couldn’t argue; it did seem lax of Mycroft to have a lock that could be picked. Nerves taut, John glanced up and down the corridor.
The cab stopped in front of a block of flats in Kensington. John assumed they were waiting for traffic or pedestrians until he realized Sherlock was opening the cab door. “Really?” he asked.
“I’ve been planning this for a long time, so try not to ruin it for me. And call me Jim. Please. Such a plain name, I know, but a Jim is as good as a John, don’t you think?”
“Well . . .” said Irene, “see . . . Okay, here’s what happened. Sarah gave me the list of people from the clinic, and it didn’t occur to me that
“You’re in a mood,” Sherlock observed mildly. His eyes traveled to the horse. “Not one of ours. Henry’s?”
He was facing a row of windows that were mostly covered by heavy drapes, though he saw through the gaps in some that it was light out—afternoon by the looks of it.
“John?” The voice wasn’t Sherlock’s. Who else was in the flat? “I heard you moving around, John; are you awake?”
Sherlock was quiet for so long, John began to think he wasn’t going to respond. But then the detective said, “Suppose you buy a car—”
MORIARTY SET THE scalpel on the bureau and picked up a towel to wipe his hands. “Now what will we do if the good doctor doesn’t show?” he mused. “I wonder if it’s possible to truly die of a broken heart?”
Irene tugged his arm. “Let me introduce you properly.” She guided him through the crowd to the circular booth her friends occupied.
“My guess is Mycroft prevented him from contacting me, at least until Whitcombe had a desperate enough reason to do it regardless of any threats,” Sherlock said.
“JOHNNY!” HARRY CRIED as she swept into the room, drawing the second syllable out into one long, ear-splitting squeal. She was done up as fashionably as ever in her pantsuit and heels, her manicured nails and carefully sculpted hair. Harry was successful (to a degree), and she wanted people to know it by looking at her.
Slapping down a collection of catalogues, Sherlock snapped, “I asked Christopher to leave because he distracted me from my work.”
John closed his eyes. He’d made a mess of that one. Now the question was whether to follow or turn around. John opted for a compromise; he would hang back at a respectful distance.
John felt the pinch and almost immediately all the creatures inside him grew quiet and still. He was rising up as if on a wave, and then there was a mouth on his, hot and insistent. But it no longer mattered; John relaxed into it, allowing That Man to do all the work. John’s limbs were already growing heavy, he was slipping under the wave now, and it swept over him, washing away all anxiety.
“It’s not uncommon to portray Saint Anna with a scroll. But I’ve never seen her with a casket,” said Sherlock.
“That’s the thing about love,” Mrs. Grossman agreed. “There’s no accounting for who you fall in with, whether they be good, bad or indifferent to you.”
“He lives with me,” said Sherlock. “I just wanted him to meet Mum.” Then turning to John he added, “Don’t worry about driving all the way back for your bag, John; I’ll have one of Mycroft’s people swing by and bring it out.”
Sherlock took her arm and guided her in the opposite direction, winning a smile of approval from Irene. “Wouldn’t do to show any particular interest, would it?” Sherlock asked her. “And on average people are more likely to go to the right.”
“I have people watching John, remember? You’re the one who insists on it,” said Mycroft. “And Irene called me besides. She wanted to be sure you’d come home.”
Startled, Sherlock complied then sat back in the chair to think. But that proved difficult given the way John was staring at him. “What makes you think it’s a map?” he finally asked.
“Oh, hadn’t you heard? He died.” Harry hesitated. “He was the flatmate, right? I remember it was a strange name . . .”
He must have dozed off anyhow because he awoke with a start when the door to his room opened. Immediately John wondered what could be wrong. Or had Sherlock discovered something of import in his research, something he needed to tell him about? As a rule, Sherlock never came to John’s room after John had already turned in; if they didn’t go to bed together, they slept separately. This was especially true when Sherlock was absorbed in his work. As had been verified yet again that evening, the detective’s attention to John waned as his interest in a case waxed.
John put a hand to the side of his neck, searching gingerly until he found the sore spot. “Sherlock . . .” he said, still trying to remember, his voice coming out as a hoarse gasp.
John nodded and Sherlock moved around the car to open his door for him, startling Jeremy, whose job it was. But Sherlock made a waylaying gesture, and Jeremy opened his own door and slid into the driver’s seat even as John slipped in beside his sister. “Get a good snog in?” she asked him.
John halted as he realized he’d practically been running through the wait area, so intent had  he been on getting  away  from what was bothering him.  “Nothing,” he said quickly. “I just . . . I thought I was running late.”
The letter inside started without preamble or salutation, and John spared a moment to simply admire the straight, even lines of text on the heavy, unruled hotel stationery. The form of Sherlock’s writing was a precise as the man himself.
Moriarty withdrew the phone, and Sherlock saw what had been making the uneven sound; Moriarty leaned heavily on an elegantly carved cane of dark wood and brass in his right hand. He saw the direction of Sherlock’s gaze and offered a humorless smile. “You’d be amazed at the amount of metal holding me together. It would make airport security a nightmare, if I ever used it.
John’s gaze flicked toward Sherlock’s still full plate, and he felt a sudden stab of resentment. How dare Sherlock put him in this awkward situation? And then deny him breakfast besides? Locking eyes with his flatmate he resolutely took a forkful of scrambled egg and ate it.
“Let me,” said Sherlock. He pulled back the covers as much as he could without having John move. “Lie down.”
And here came the tricky part, the part John would hardly be prepared to deal with even if he were completely alert and in possession of his full faculties, much less while loaded on pain medication. His flatmate was supposed to be dead, after all. And while it was no secret to his sister that Sherlock had been (and still was, it turned out) an odd duck, explaining his resurgence still wouldn’t be easy. Harry didn’t let things like that go without serious inquiry.
Sherlock shrugged. “It was either here or the boathouse, and even with the hazards of hay, I’d guess this has to be more comfortable.”
Now, though, John wasn’t looking to do work so much as find a place to hide from the stream of people that seemed to be continuously moving in and out and around the house. Even without much to do himself—everyone kept telling him not to worry about this or that, to go rest and “take it easy”—all the activity only made him tired. It seemed impossible to relax. But the office, John thought, would be a good nook to hole up in for a while. If anywhere were likely to be quiet and abandoned, that would be the place.
John took another step, and all at once the dogs moved forward. John tensed, but the dogs merely began to sniff, some of them putting their paws up on his legs, stretching to get at his hands, which they smelled and licked.
John sat up. “Don’t ask.” He wasn’t about to admit he’d found the silk pajamas rather comfortable. “Do you even know how to make a bed?”
“I was asking you that.” When Sherlock only stared blankly, John went on, “You said my name, so I thought you needed . . . something.”
But Mycroft and Mr. Watson continued to hold him back. “Patrick will go with him,” Mycroft said. “You get cleaned up and we’ll follow in a bit.”
John tossed the unopened pack of sheets onto the sofa and went to turn on the radio in hopes of dispelling his black mood, or at least to distract himself from the direction his thoughts were moving. He found something suitably loud and went to make his bed. Girly or not, sheets were sheets, and these were nice ones despite the color.
There were two possible conclusions that Sherlock could discern: either John wasn’t comfortable challenging his sister for some reason, or else he simply thought it wouldn’t do any good.
“John, please don’t damage the help,” Mycroft said with a sigh. “Good agents aren’t in infinite supply.”
, Sherlock added silently, and all at once he saw that he was only doing the same in dragging John abroad. He was trying to stretch his two hours to the very last seconds.
“He would have killed us if he hadn’t been called off somehow; the question is: who is giving the orders?”
Someone was pulling back the blankets, and now John forced his eyes open, only to have the light in the room cause a searing pain in his head.
But Sherlock was frowning thoughtfully at his mother. “You put him in the room that connects to yours?”
“I don’t know,” John answered truthfully. “They left before I did.” He didn’t try to extend the lie by saying he thought they’d be with the others; time with Sherlock had made John aware of his limits, one of which was an inability to credibly embroider any falsehood. The less he said was generally better.
John shook off the strange unease the dream seemed to engender and padded into the living area, stopping short when he saw—
sick, then. Was he in hospital? John struggled to sit up, and the man pocketed his notebook and moved to help him.
Sherlock came awake in his usual fashion, which was suddenly and completely, and with the feeling that no time had elapsed between the moment he’d fallen asleep and the present. “John,” he murmured, “what’s wrong?”
Sherlock finally met his brother’s gaze. “No,” he said again, though this time he added, “thank you.” He rose, swaying a little on his feet.
Checking his mental spreadsheet, Sherlock failed to come up with an exact answer, so he rounded to the nearest whole number—that is, what seemed the most likely explanation, though it didn’t precisely add up. “Because I want tea?”
“I just wondered,” Mrs. Hudson went on, looking to Sherlock, “whether you were ready for visitors. The inspector has been here every day, and now there’s a girl—”
Sherlock stood looking over his shoulder for a minute, not entirely sure he comprehended what had just happened. “What was that about, I wonder?”
“It doesn’t matter because you’re not giving it to him,” Irene reminded him. “You’re taking it out to the car and swapping it for clothes.”
It occurred to John to try texting Sherlock, but he wasn’t sure if Sherlock were in a situation where to do so would be safe for him. And it was too early to visit the Lambeth Palace Library, which was the only part of the grounds open to the public. Good God, had Sherlock broken in? The very idea made John feel sick as he strolled around the outside perimeter of the archbishop’s residence, covertly eyeing it for signs of Sherlock.
John released the air from his lungs slowly to minimize the discomfort. “You should go. Eoin’s called Mum and Dad, which means Harry will probably be here any minute, too . . .”
Irene knelt down beside the chair and put her face very close to his. “You’re brooding. And if you won’t tell me why, I’ll just have to ask John.”
“He has a new boyfriend,” she went on, hating the way the pitch of her voice rose in desperation. “Duncan, I think his name is.”
“Then it can wait until after,” Gerrie reasoned. She pointed at the cabinet again. “The platter there, if you please, John.”
Irene took a deep breath and let the words out in a rush. “Why didn’t you tell me Christopher was such a freak?”
Moriarty, who delighted in sending him text messages about how his flatmate sounded and tasted and liked to be touched.
MYCROFT WAS STANDING near the foot of Sherlock’s bed when Irene burst into the room, followed by a more staid John. When Irene spotted Mycroft she brightened visibly and announced, “I have something for you!” as she came at him with the teddy bear.
The loud music had been a bad sign. Mrs. Hudson called something to Sherlock on his way up the stairs, but he hadn’t been able to hear it. He’d gone to turn the radio off straight away, mostly to avoid Mrs. Hudson having a reason to come up. Afterward he’d waited a moment to see if John would emerge, but nothing had happened. He’d gone to John’s door to listen, but there was no sound. Thinking maybe the day had been too much for his flatmate—and not wanting to think too deeply about all the possible reasons why that might be true—Sherlock had walked away.
“We never even told Mum.” Sherlock continued to frown thoughtfully at the letter. “Charles would have been out long since, though.”
“Come on,” Sherlock continued, sounding much like a man calling a dog, “café is this way.” He strode forward and after taking a moment to bite back his resentment, John followed.
John watched apprehensively as Irene moved across the room toward him. “Did the shower help?” she asked, too sweetly.
“Call it woman’s intuition,” Irene told him. When Sherlock made a face, she said, “Or if you need evidence, just consider the look she gave you as she left.”
“There’s no hurry,” Sherlock said. And whether there was a note of melancholy in the detective’s voice or he only imagined it later, John never knew.
Irene blinked away her tears. “Right,” she said, holding up the box and braving a smile. “And he’s probably hungry.”
Once he’d reached where John stood, the man took a moment to catch his breath before saying, “You’re Mr. Markham’s assistant, aren’t you?”
Then Moriarty raised his eyebrows, and John’s eyes traveled downward to Moriarty’s right hand and the knife that was there, a familiar-looking penknife, Sherlock’s ivory-handled penknife, the one he used to keep on his worktable, the one that John had moved to Sherlock’s room with all his other belongings.
JOHN’S ROOM WAS neat and sparse, evidence of his army training. His bed was made and all surfaces were clear of clutter. The only item out of place was John’s bag, which he’d left beside his bed—the battered weekender that he’d traveled to Weald House with, the one that still contained his clothes . . . and his gun.
“I’ve managed to stall Lestrade and his people outside; my office will, of course, be taking Mr. Moriarty here into custody.”
“Don’t talk,” Sherlock instructed. Silence fell between them as Sherlock concentrated on what he was doing. “There,” he finally declared. “Sarah will be pleased, I’m sure.”
“Sherlock! Just listen.” John waited, but Sherlock’s attention had drifted to the flower arrangement.
Then rather more sharply, Mr. Watson said, “Harriet,” in a clear indication that she was expected to join her parents. She threw Sherlock a baleful glance, shot her brother a look Sherlock was unable to decipher, scooped up her bag and stalked out.
John was relatively sure he knew how to get to Lambeth Palace; he knew the general direction at any rate and thought there might be signs besides. But when he started the car, it first informed him that he’d arrived at his destination then asked if he wanted to input a new one.
“Better,” Lestrade sighed. He motioned the waiting emergency workers forward and indicated Charles. “Him first. There’s another one—” He glanced at where Sherlock now sat beside the bed. “But we’ll give them a minute.”
As he mounted the stairs to the flat, Mrs. Hudson called to him, “Oh, John! Sarah was here; we had a nice chat, and she left you these.” John paused on the stairs as the landlady handed up a bundle of new sheets, though he was taken aback when she winked at him.
“SHERLOCK?” JOHN ENTERED the flat only half hoping Sherlock would be there—which, of course, he wasn’t. Sighing, he hung up his coat, took a look at the general disarray, then retreated to the relative tidiness of his own room. He was debating whether to check on Sherlock when his phone chimed a text message.
Throwing back the covers, John leapt out of bed. Then froze. He’d been about to do something important . . . He summoned up remnants of the dream he’d been having: a house, a door . . . He’d been looking for Sherlock, but had he found him? He couldn’t remember.
“Call the police,” Sherlock said before the guard could utter a word. “Ask for Inspector Lestrade and tell him the man they’re looking for is in the museum archives.”
They took a cab to the nondescript hotel in which Irene was staying, and John found it felt both strange and comforting to be back in such a familiar situation. “How did you know where she was staying?” he asked as they entered the building.
“Of course I need you,” said Sherlock. “You’ve given me something to think about at least; I was worried the week was going to be dull.”
Then Mrs. Grossman said something about the drawing room being where they held weddings when the weather didn’t cooperate, and Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from sharply echoing, “Weddings?”
As John watched them depart, his hand tightened briefly on his gun. Then he turned to Sherlock, any number of questions bouncing through his mind. But Sherlock had one for him first:
“Because if you bring in a duffel, it’s bound to get noticed,” said Irene. “Come on. Let’s go pick something.”
Everything inside Sherlock contracted, as if attempting to make himself small, less of a target. And simultaneously his shields went up, ready to deflect whatever condemnation might be hurled in his direction. This was, Sherlock sensed, about to become a messy and emotional affair.
Sherlock had gone to no small length to cut him loose, after all. Some vacuous promise to return didn’t amount to much; Sherlock could stay away indefinitely if he so desired.
Mycroft sighed, folded his paper and set it aside. “For one, Mother, you are no longer mistress of the house.”
Irene’s face grew long. “Oh, sweetie, he isn’t—?” Sherlock shook his head, and Irene slapped the table. “We have to go out tonight.”
“And I’m just supposed to spend the day hanging around the neighbor’s house with my sister?” John asked.
He was in the middle of making himself some toast when a thought struck him. When Sherlock had been unconscious and hospitalized not so long ago, he had left a directive, should he die, to burn his personal effects and personalty. Which meant somewhere there was something personal enough that Sherlock didn’t want it lying around after he was gone. Of course, Sherlock had a tendency to be overly guarded about some things . . . Could “home” be one of those things?
Sherlock winced and looked away, toward the windows where the east lawn lay in a stretch of sunlight, mockingly serene. Some days Sherlock thought it would be nice to be dead and buried, resting in peace. He took a deep breath and asked what he most wanted to know, the question that had brought him home almost the moment Mycroft had sent him the news: “Do you like him?”
Now John stood in the small yellow guest room (renovations to the master suite having cut into this room’s space), digging through the wardrobe for his underutilized riding clothes. Sherlock had his usual room, of course, and Irene had taken up guard in the green room. She had some romantic idea that waiting would make things better later, but John would have preferred they be better
John considered. “He’s moody,” he said with a shrug. “Given to whims. He might have brought it up just because it occurred to him, or maybe he was trying not to think about . . .”
He’d spent that first summer at Weald House because it required less effort to stay than to go, and also it seemed better than trying to function normally around people. John had not wanted to hear the condolences that were sure to come from every quarter; he hadn’t wanted to answer the questions that would be hanging unspoken over everyone’s heads.
It hadn’t been an uncalculated risk on John’s part; he’d thought about it a bit before coming out of Sherlock’s room. To John’s way of thinking, Lestrade was no real idiot (though Sherlock might disagree), and what reason would the DI have to care about their relationship? Lestrade didn’t strike John as a gossip. They weren’t setting themselves up for any kind of ridicule from him. And if all those arguments didn’t work, John reasoned his being in Sherlock’s room was only circumstantial evidence anyway.
As Henry approached, John could see a slight family resemblance between him and his sister. He had the same fair hair sticking out from under his flat cap and his eyes were equally blue. But Henry’s skin was darker, more lined from time spent out in the sun, and while he was not especially tall—possibly not that much taller than Elyse—he was squarely and solidly built.
John turned the knob and leaned into the room, half hoping Sherlock really had gone out the window. But he was not so lucky. The chamber was remarkably neat given the mess Sherlock made of the living space, and a tad austere, all of the furnishings being of good quality but more somber in tone than what John had seen of Sherlock’s room at Mycroft’s. Sherlock sat on the far side of his bed, his back to the door, hands steepled under his nose, eyes trained on the blank wall as if it had something important to impart.
“Yes?” he asked through his teeth, eager to be gone. Against his will, he found himself turning to see what might cause such dread in Gerrie’s voice.
“They’ve needed me at the clinic is all,” said John, though his tone suggested even he wasn’t convinced of this.
Irene thought this over for a moment, then said, “You know how he sort of sees himself as a computer?”
“And yet he just told Christopher that you’re a better man than he’d ever be! Sherl, I mean,” she added distractedly, “I don’t think it would be hard to be a better man than Christopher. But you see? You scramble his circuits! He flies to New York instead of going across town because when it comes to you he can’t think straight.”
“I think you may be overinflating my influence,” John told her. “He’s made it pretty clear he doesn’t want me here.”
After one more check to be sure he was alone, John snatched up a lab coat and shrugged it on. Hesitated. Now he
“And his ribs,” John told her. “They’re fractured at the very least; I want to make sure they’re not all out broken.”
IT WAS MORE than an hour later before they had viable results. “His cheek is fine, just bruised,” Sarah said, handing the image to John. “But ribs six through nine on the right side are definitely fractured.”
Irene arched her brows. “Touchy today,” she said as she took his arm and forced him to lead her up to the flat. “Your housekeeper—”
“Oh, aren’t you a dear!” Mrs. Watson exclaimed, reaching up to pat his cheeks. She looked at her son. “Good breeding.”
But after a minute or so, he started to feel overheated. And he ached all over. It was as if the sheet were too heavy.
, John supposed. He felt bad about leaving her with the tea dishes but did as he was told because it was becoming increasingly clear that Gerrie Holmes was not someone to cross.
“Which is exactly why I don’t want to go now,” said John, blinking back tears. He knew he was being childish, but he couldn’t seem to help it. It was too much like when he and Harry used to be left at Aunt Martha’s so their parents could go away for a weekend. Aunt Martha had always been nice enough, but boring; she’d had no husband or children of her own, so there had been no toys at her house . . . And her cooking had been vile . . .
From down the hall came the low sound of Mrs. Grossman’s voice; she was talking to someone, but John couldn’t make out the words. There was a murmured response, and a click as the front door opened. Mrs. Grossman’s tone rose. She sounded pleading, or perhaps concerned. Nothing new for his housekeeper, who had a hair trigger response to any perceived problem. But now John’s interest was piqued; who would come to the house and then leave without so much as a greeting?
“Yes, well, that’s not a conversation I intend to have.” Sherlock threw off the remainder of the bedspread, and John was relieved to see his trousers, if wrinkled, were still intact.
Sherlock closed his eyes again. “I like it too much,” he finally admitted, then waited for what seemed inevitable—John drawing away, leaving in disgust.
Sherlock couldn’t answer, was unable to trust his voice. John’s hands were unmoving now, but Sherlock was acutely aware of them, one at Sherlock’s side and the other near his neck.
Sherlock was aware they were on the verge of an argument. Not the way he wanted to leave things before returning to Mycroft’s. So he switched tracks slightly by saying, “When they let you out of here, we’ll go back up to Weald House and start planning. Yes?”
.” Mrs. Hudson whispered the last word as if it were somehow vulgar. “She’s been by the past couple of days asking for Sherlock.”
Christopher reached behind Sherlock and picked up the coat, moved it to the desk chair. “She said you’d been to visit.”
Sherlock’s eyes remained trained on whatever he was reading on the computer. “If I only had two hours to live, I would come find you. I would want to spend them with you.”
“No.” John opted to omit that he was counted as a victim. Although there was a fair chance Sarah would lavish him with affectionate attention if she knew (barring the details, which he wouldn’t divulge in any case), there was equal chance she’d blame Sherlock for the whole thing, and John didn’t feel up to dealing with the acrimonious tension this would cause.
Tamzen heaved a sigh and looked again at Sherlock. “There he is. Feel better now?” Then she called, “Back here, Jonah!”
This was fine, then, John told himself. Sherlock might sleep for twenty minutes, or he might sleep for twelve hours, but it was all fine. There would be more hours after those, which (the day’s events reminded him) was more than some people ever got. And John was determined that at least two of them would belong to him.
Surprise crossed John’s features, though he worked to mask it. “She’s funning you,” he said. “And anyway, there’s no chance of it, so . . . What are you looking for?” But John knew before he saw it, the stone building set in the thick stand of trees on the far side of the hill. Because John had almost never come this way these past couple years. But there had been times when he had.
“Oh, you were going to let me keep believing you were dead, well, that makes it all better. Apology accepted.”
met her?” Irene practically squealed as they stepped into the lobby. “If Sherl took you home to Mummy, things must be serious. Now where should we eat?”
A strange numbness started in Sherlock’s chest and began to radiate toward his limbs. “They’ve met him?”
John sighed. At least it hadn’t been out-and-out mockery, and the question itself sounded sincere enough. “It’s just pleasant is all,” John replied. “Spring . . .”
IT WAS DINNERTIME before John set out for the Ritz, gilded lily in hand. It was an odd little object, a gold-plated ornamental staff of about four inches topped with a decorative sort of fleur-de-lis. What use it could possibly have, or for what reason it might have been awarded to Sherlock’s great-great grandfather, was impossible for John to divine.
From its place on a side table, John’s cell phone chimed a text message. “That yours?” Lestrade asked.
“I never received it; I hadn’t seen it until Mycroft left it for John. There could be hundreds and I’d never know it.”
“Well,” John said in the tone of a person bidding farewell, “if you’re having trouble with it, I’m sure Mycroft can help you when he gets here.” He turned away again.
“On their way.” Harry plopped into the visitor’s chair; for all her airs, she had little grace. “I offered to pick them up, you know, but they preferred to take the train.”
“If I minded every time Irene did something bizarre, I’d be in a perpetual state of anxiety,” Sherlock told him as he took a seat beside John and opened the sealed bag that contained the swab kit.
“Unlikely, unless we find a note,” Sherlock insisted. “People don’t spend a quantity of time planning something like this without pouring their insipid feelings and twisted excuses out for everyone to read. They think because they care we all do.
“He does have an aptitude for it,” John agreed, earning another darting glance from Charles. “Please, have a seat. I’m just going to see if Sherlock needs a hand.” He walked over to where Sherlock surely would have been throwing things if he’d thought he could get away with it; as it was, he was being very hard on the ceramic mugs. John put a hand on his arm again, if only to spare their limited crockery. “Are you all right?”
John ran his hands over his face and jumped when Sherlock asked, “Are you packed? Oh, it fits. Is that your only bag?”
“Doubtful,” said Sherlock. He began poking through the stacked papers and folders that made up the edges and corners of the room. “We need to find his portfolio.”
It was addressed to Sherlock, but as there was no date on it, John had no way of discerning just how old the letter was. The ink had started to fade a little, or else the writer had not pressed down very hard when writing; this person did not use bold strokes, which denoted a lack of confidence—assuming Sherlock’s assertions regarding handwriting were to be believed.
“Sorry to disappoint you,” John muttered. He was sleepy again thanks to a recent visit from the nurse.
He glanced at his watch. If he was going to ask Mycroft for this lily thing, he had better do it soon; Sherlock’s brother might not be at his office much longer (though John wasn’t sure what hours the older Holmes brother kept), and John didn’t know where Mycroft lived.
“That he was tied up. With rope. And suspects someone was monitoring the hotel suite from across the street.”
Sherlock knew exactly what had come over John but wasn’t about to volunteer the information. Though he privately applauded Mrs. Grossman for defense of her employer.
Well, John would deal with that when the time came. He started to shut the drawer then hesitated. Diaries were for recording thoughts and feelings, weren’t they? Which wasn’t Sherlock’s sort of thing at all. He was outwardly focused, not introspective.
“Someone bring a blanket,” said John. They were now surrounded by immediate family and friends—just as they’d meant to be on their special day, John thought, although things had not exactly gone according to plan.
Moving slowly and deliberately, Sherlock eased himself to the foot of the bed. “I don’t give a damn about the lily.”
drive, Mother,” Mycroft said, “when I need to.” He disappeared into what had once been the servants’ wing.
“Why?” John demanded. “Why do you do that? Every time I think I might be getting through to you, you say or do something to push me away again.”
“Yes. We will,” John replied absently, and with a small grimace he got into the car. Mrs. Hudson gave him a wave, and he suddenly understood that she would probably miss them while they were away. While under typical conditions he and Sherlock would be considered the worst of tenants, Mrs. H enjoyed drama and the perception of excitement, and she also liked having people to look after. In her world, they were probably all part of one of her television melodramas. He forced a smile and waved back, and satisfied, Mrs. Hudson retreated.
John yawned, and Mr. Watson stepped forward to take his wife’s arm. “Let’s let him get some rest before we plan the rest of his life, eh?”
“I don’t think Mycroft would care one way or the other if John were to shoot you, do you?” Sherlock asked.
“You always talk a lot when you’re nervous. Here.” Sherlock stopped in front of one of the doors and rapped on it loudly. A few seconds later it swung open and they were greeted with a screech of, “Sherl! You’ll never guess who I’ve—”
“—And he needs someone, and as best I can tell you’re the only someone he has.” Sarah set her cup on the table. “I’ll leave you to it.”
“It has nothing to do with—” Sherlock shook his head as if to clear it. In his experience women had a tendency to spin stories out of ether, and Irene was no exception. She was a smart girl and capable, but her good sense was marred by a romantic streak. Perhaps he could work it to his advantage? “Someone’s life may be at stake,” he told her.
“Still, I wonder what you’d be willing to trade for my promise not to shoot him in the head the minute he sets foot through the door?”
With a glance at the doorway, and feeling as if he were doing something he shouldn’t, John took the ring out and slipped it on. It was a relatively good fit.
“Ah, there you are,” Sherlock said once they’d cleared a dozen or so bricks. He reached into the hole he’d excavated and pulled out a small casket made of carved and age-tarnished silver, very like the one Anna had held in the painting.
John watched Sherlock’s gaze travel over the room; he could practically see the way Sherlock pulled data from every surface, though it was a mystery to John what, exactly, Sherlock saw.
“Ah,” the man said, stepping back and gazing longingly up the front of the house, “I’m sorry to hear that. I’ve come a very long way, I’m afraid.”
“It was a matter of pride, with which I can sympathize. So yes, I acceded to his wishes on that point.”
you here. That’s a different thing entirely. Once he’s tested his theory to his satisfaction, he’ll be fine. You’ll see.”
“Because she knows you like blue! And she knows you notice everything, and if something isn’t right— Can we just stop a minute and have a conversation?”
“Then by all means, take it,” said Sherlock, holding it balanced in one hand. “There’s no need to shoot anyone.”
“Of course it makes a difference!” Then John took in a shaky breath and asked what he really wanted to know: “Who’s Charles?”
John nodded. “I was worried he might be right this time. But it seems your caring saved me after all.”
But the moment she disappeared to fetch the correct size, John was flooded with doubts. What if it didn’t fit? Worse, what if Sherlock didn’t like it? He supposed he should have let Sherlock pick it out on his own, that would have been easier, but it seemed like cheating somehow.
“I would sequester myself with you indefinitely if I thought it would spare us, but as things stand, I need to go back to Markham’s flat. Do you want to come?”
“Does she have a reason to be frightened of you?” John pressed as he followed Sherlock up the stairs.
“Any friend of Rainy’s. I’ll find a creative way to bill you later.” To the crowd she said, “While Sherlie slips into something more comfortable, I’m gonna sing a little—”
Baker Street. Would Mycroft have people watching the flat? Probably not when John wasn’t in town. And Sherlock knew his brother didn’t have anyone following him because he’d gone to great lengths to avoid it. Pride goeth . . .
“Don’t be hard on him, Harold,” said the round little woman who was approaching the bed. “He’s injured, for God’s sake.” She brushed past Harry and leaned in to hug John, causing his eyes to pop open again.
The mausoleum was not ornate, though it did have a lovely garland carved along the topmost portion and two angels guarding the heavy wooden doors. The interior was also plain, though there were easily enough spaces for three dozen or more belated Holmes, the most recent nearest the door. And John knew well enough that the cleanest, newest plaque was high on the right side, the cupboard behind it hollow and empty.
impossible when he’s bored,” John corrected. “But this case is . . . It’s a little strange, even for Sherlock, so . . .”
“They won’t,” said Elyse, though John noticed she hung back. “Not without a command, I don’t think.”
And with that, John made the decision. An angry Sherlock was better than no Sherlock at all. It was time to search his flatmate’s room.
John briefly considered lying. But he was terrible at it. So he evaded. “Not exactly. Sherlock wasn’t there; he was in New York.”
Sherlock found this a curious statement. What reason would John’s sister have to pick a fight with someone she’d never met? She knew Sherlock only by whatever John had told her. So what had John said?
SHERLOCK HAD FINISHED eating under the watchful eye of Irene and sent her back to her hotel to do with Christopher whatever she saw fit; he was sure she’d think of something interesting, maybe something he could look forward to reading about in the papers. Then he’d made his way back to the flat, trying not to take too long in getting there to prevent his apprehension from building.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said again, “listen. It isn’t . . . The injuries were bad, you know. There was a lot of damage.”
JOHN HAD TAKEN his time walking to the stables, trying to enjoy the fresh, warm air without thinking too much about the person who was not there to share it. Whenever his mind turned in that direction (and it happened less often now than it used to, which was still more than it probably should), the grief rose up around him like icy water and he felt as if his heart was grinding to a halt. Sherlock’s absence was John’s loss, but John couldn’t help but also consider all that Sherlock was missing, including beautiful spring mornings that were perfect for riding. The idea of Sherlock lying somewhere dark and cold, removed from sunlight and the pleasures of everyday life, choked and paralyzed John; it simultaneously made him feel incapable of living and drove him to live more.
Donovan appeared in the doorway. “What’s the freak done now?” Her gaze fell on Charles and she smirked with satisfaction. “That’s assault, you know.”
Sherlock frowned at it for a long moment, as if John might be playing some kind of trick. “What’s this?”
Patrick shrugged negligently. “All right. Easy enough. I’d ask why you don’t just have Mycroft get them to release you, but . . .”
Jonah wandered in, blinking, head swinging as if he were in a place he’d never been before. “Hey . . . This the Brit?”
Mycroft’s gaze landed on the emblem emblazoned in the corner. “It’s a martlet over a castle tower,” he said dismissively, picking up his fork.
“I’m awful, thank you for asking,” said John. He withdrew his hand, though even that much movement clearly pained him. “Anyway, he’s sweet. And harmless.”
John shoved the folded page at him. “Take it! I don’t know why Mycroft wanted me to have it, and I don’t care. I’m going back to London. I’ll see you back at the flat.” He was almost to the connecting door when Sherlock said quietly, “Whitcombe.”
“I came here often enough,” John retorted. “Because I thought it was the closest I would ever get to you again in this lifetime. So don’t tell me what it does or doesn’t mean.”
LAUGHTER FROM INSIDE the room gave Sherlock pause. Irene’s laughter, cheerful and unrestrained, followed by the low tone of John’s voice and another of Irene’s giggles. Sherlock absorbed this, added it to what he knew, and opened the door.
“You’ll see what I mean.” Sherlock pointed as he walked himself through the placement of bedrooms. “Mum,” he said, pointing to the foremost door. “Mycroft’s is there . . .” He indicated the middle door.
“No you don’t.” Sherlock pushed them the rest of the way down until they fell off the end of the bed.
“Give me a minute and I’ll come with you,” John told him, making a more successful attempt at sitting up, though his head protested vehemently.
John tried to make the meal seem more normal by dishing the food onto actual plates, though halfway through this exercise he came to the conclusion that it merely made things
“I find that highly unlikely,” Mycroft replied mildly as he followed his brother from the room, turning a practiced deaf ear to all ensuing protests.
Moriarty banged the cane loudly against the floor. “Look at me! You’ve ruined everything! And your brother, clawing away at my life’s work!” Moriarty gritted his teeth, as if biting down on his temper. “Oh, I promised if you kept getting in my way, I would burn the heart out of you, and I. Will. Do. It!”
John half expected the box to have a lock and key, but it didn’t; the lid was a simple hinge. He raised it.
, he reminded himself, though the word didn’t come naturally to him. But at that moment Sherlock wanted to be able to remember what John looked like, all of him, in case he didn’t get another chance. He wondered fleetingly whether the night before had been the last night they would share a bed, and thought that if it had been, how sorry he was for it and what he might have done differently. But regrets were a waste of energy, and as Mycroft had said: waste not, want not.
Sarah didn’t bother to hide her surprise. “How long have you known him?” she asked as she shrugged off her jacket.
AFTER PROMISING AN increasingly astonished Mrs. Hudson that he would be back to explain things later, Sherlock rode with Lestrade to the hospital, filling the ride with a somewhat halting, vague and smoky version of what had transpired both two years before and that day. After all, Lestrade didn’t need to know that jealousy had been the genesis of Sherlock’s impulsive visit, or that he’d gone first to Weald House and been rebuffed.
“Fine,” John replied with false enthusiasm. “Just tired is all. That doesn’t look like it belongs there,” he added, pointing to a part of the Temple that more resembled a medieval castle than anything in ancient Jerusalem.
Everything floated. The bed he was on swam laps around the room. It was simultaneously lulling and nauseating, like having an illness you wanted to sleep off.
Once they’d come to the part of the path that began to wind around the margin, Sherlock slackened his pace a bit. John waited for his companion to say something, but as the minutes stretched on, he finally took it upon himself to break the silence. “So . . . Why aren’t we just going back to London again?”
John closed his eyes briefly. Sherlock really was clueless about some things, and how John had drawn the job of educating him was a mystery. But here they were. “What am I to you?” he asked.
“Sometimes it can’t be helped when we’re extracting bodies from a scene,” Lestrade explained. “But we photograph everything first in case it becomes important later.” He unlocked the door to Markham’s flat and pushed it open. “All yours.”
“Someone hit him?” she asked John in a low voice. It took him a moment to realize she couldn’t see the extent of the damage because of Sherlock’s coat.
“—he went through . . .” Irene flapped her hands in what John took to be some kind of display of chaos. “It would take a week for me to explain it all, but anyway, I think we need to reassure him you’re not planning to leave any time soon.”
GERALDINE HOLMES SWEPT into the entry and stopped short, causing Jeremy to very nearly run her down with the not insubstantial luggage.
“The big house, you know, where Sir Henry lives—that’s Corring Hall. And this little thing is just something one of the Baskervilles built for a daughter as a wedding present or some such,” Gerrie expounded. “Mycroft would know the details; he’s done significant research on the subject.”
Damn it, damn it, damn it! This was his fault. If he hadn’t gone to see John, they wouldn’t have bothered him either.
“Maybe,” said John. “I don’t know. We hadn’t been together very long.” He sighed. “I should have been nicer to him.”
The malicious and suggestive tone divulged a deeper understanding of the situation than Sherlock had been prepared for. He turned to Lestrade, who reluctantly stood as well. “Go on, Anderson,” the inspector directed. “I’m likely to be a while yet.”
Sherlock stubbornly pressed his lips together, even though Mycroft couldn’t see. But Mycroft had construed the motivation for Sherlock’s visit. “I knew I shouldn’t have told you.”
“Do you want the jam, then?” John went on when Sherlock didn’t answer. Without waiting for a response, he went to the refrigerator to find the strawberry preserves. Sherlock accepted them without so much as a thank you, which wasn’t terribly surprising, but John had the sinking feeling that the detective’s moodiness had been brought on by more than his need to focus on his work, or even any lingering jealousy that John had been the first to spot the ring. Something else was at the root of Sherlock’s strange behavior.
“State your destination,” the car said again. Did it sound more irritable this time? So John cleared his throat and said, “Lambeth Palace.”
“Something fast suits our purpose,” Sherlock told him, and putting the car in reverse, he gunned it backward at what should have been (to John’s way of thinking) an impossible turning radius, before tearing forward out of the car park, heading for Whitehall.
Irene sighed. “They were just too different, I guess. I mean, they look fantastic together, but Christopher kept dragging Sherl to parties so they could meet all the right people or whatever, and you can imagine how that went. It got to the point Sherl never opened his mouth without Christopher’s permission.”
John blinked, confused, or (Sherlock supposed) possibly just lightheaded from such thorough snogging.
Mrs. Watson took a moment to consider. “If he makes John happy, I guess I have to like him. But I can’t like everything he does.”
John was preparing to stand when something else caught his eye. It was partly concealed by Henry’s body—the way he’d fallen, and the way his coat hung open—but a telltale gleam caught in the sunlight gave John pause. Not wanting to disturb too much of the scene, John lifted the edge of the coat and nudged the body slightly, taking care not to push it full over.
John nodded, and Sherlock observed the dark smudges under his eyes; so tired but still holding up, how very John. And Sherlock knew they should just go and let John rest, but he had the feeling—so similar to when he was sure he’d missed an important clue—there was something unresolved. So though Irene was tugging at him, Sherlock kept his feet planted and asked, “Are you very angry with me, John?”
“That kind of stress? After being sick for . . . days, or whatever?” Sarah’s brow furrowed, and sensing victory, Irene let up a bit. “But you know him better than I do,” she said lightly, “Maybe it won’t matter to him if Sherlock’s upset.”
John was still processing this when Irene came through the outdoor entrance. She made a beeline for John, but Harry looked up and spoke first. “Where’d you get off to?”
The memory fell into place like the first drop of rain from a cloud. John relived it clearly in his mind’s eye, how he’d leaned in to whisper those words in the ear of his flatmate. And amid all the playacting and all the games, those words had been utterly true, completely sincere.
John reluctantly pocketed his phone and went back to picking at his plate of noodles. “So Sherlock used to date a model.”
Mycroft returned a few minutes later, the stranger trailing behind. “This is Patrick,” he said without preamble.
“This chair will have to go,” said Irene, placing a hand on the back of the chair John had been tied to.
“Whatever painkiller you were on is going to wear off soon enough, and you’ll be in no condition to operate machinery,” John went on.
Irene shook her head. “She hasn’t had anything to drink since you came over from Corring. Mycroft and Mrs. Grossman made sure of that.”
Charles was at the desk, measuring out a considerable quantity of liquid from the vial into the needle. He returned to the edge of the bed and said in a mock whisper, “It won’t be as bad as you think.”
“Sherlock,” John said, and the eyes that had been staring at the sky shifted toward him, though John couldn’t tell whether they were seeing clearly. “Stay with me. Understand? Those won’t be the last words you ever say to me.”
But Sherlock was looking at Irene again. He needed more information, something to work with. “Why were you there, Irene? That Hallowe’en?”
John couldn’t disagree; he was more than tired of sandwiches and the occasional salad. “What kind of real meal?” he asked, afraid to get his hopes up.
“I don’t care. You’re going to take me somewhere nice, and we’re going to discuss wedding plans—” Sherlock grimaced, but Irene ignored it. “And then we’ll bring John something decent to eat, because if hospital food here is anything like it is in the States . . .” She stopped suddenly. “Does Mycroft know?”
But she was shaking her head. “You need to socialize. We’ll rescue your flatmate, don’t worry. But you need to take a break. A short one,” Irene was quick to add when she saw Sherlock about to protest. “Just an hour,” she promised, “unless you end up wanting to stay longer.”
“Sit up!” Moriarty shouted suddenly, and as John lifted his head, he felt the point of the knife being driven into his right shoulder.
“What’s interesting is that we can’t seem to find any connection between the two of them. Markham’s fiancée never heard of or met any David Lumley.”
“Drinking would be the most likely way to do it,” John said. “It doesn’t smell very good if you rip or chew it, and it’s not as effective dried.”
So the doctor was surprised when his statement garnered reaction from the other two (living) men in the room. Lestrade said, “Really?” while Sherlock immediately leaned in close to Markham’s hand, almost at once uttering, “Very good, John,” in a tone of grudging admiration. He straightened once more. “You said he had a fiancée?” he asked Lestrade.
Irene appeared in the doorway looking well aware of the trouble she was in, though she attempted to belie it with a wide smile. “Lunch,” she announced, “is ready.”
“What’s wrong with it?” he asked automatically. They were the same clothes he’d been wearing earlier in the day. Then he noticed Irene’s dress—what there was of it. “What are you wearing? A tea towel?”
“He’s cold,” was all John could think of to say. He watched the emergency workers check Sherlock’s vital signs and examine the wound. They’d removed the blanket. Sherlock would catch a chill.
“And whose fault is it we thought you were dead?” Irene asked him. “That’s what loss does, Sherl; it brings people together. But there’s no need to worry. We only said good things about you, right, John?”
Christopher’s expression slowly transformed from dreamy pleasure to outrage. “This is about your beloved doctor,” he accused.
John was lying on his stripped mattress and pillow, his back to the door, one of Mrs. Hudson’s blankets pulled over him. “Go away,” he said without stirring.
The reference to the swimming pool comes from the end of "The Great Game." (Remember that at the time these stories were written we didn't know how that scene would end--in my version, John knocked Sherlock into the swimming pool.)
“I wouldn’t have given it to you if it weren’t,” Sherlock told him before departing once more. And John could find no basis for argument; experience had proven Sherlock didn’t do anything he didn’t want to do.
Mrs. Hudson was at the door before they were. “My word,” she clucked, “I thought you boys were too old to be having the police tote you home.”
He sighed and fished it from his pocket, showed her the image that had been sent as a text message from an unknown number. “What do you see?”
John felt himself go queasy at the suggestion, though he wasn’t entirely sure why. “God, no.” In the end he was persuaded to nibble at the toast, mostly as a defense against having a variety of other foods forced on him.
“Here, lean back and let’s give it a try.” Charles pulled the bed pillows up to give John something comfortable to rest against. Then he turned as if to grab the bowl of soup, but paused when John grimaced. “Rather eat something else?”
Charles returned carrying a bowl of something steamy, the smell of which caused John’s stomach to do a flip. John was shaking his head before Charles had made it more than two steps into the room.
Sherlock finished the thought. “He wants to be the one to do it.” He looked to John. “We should leave.”
She looked over her shoulder and up, and the flash of annoyance at being interrupted morphed into a charming smile. “Fire alarm. We’re waiting for the brigade to come shut it off.”
When I originally wrote these, I had a fair number of angry readers who did not like that Sherlock and John eventually ended up in a romantic relationship. That is why I labeled the stories M/M from the start, even though the relationship doesn't develop until later in the series. I wanted readers to know what they were getting into.
“I know.” He folded his arms and leaned against the door, a seemingly nonchalant gesture, though Irene’s keen sense of survival noted he was blocking the main exit. She tried to recall the exact placement of the windows without looking behind her. “So tell me how Christopher ended up with an invitation.”
“They used to have religious connections,” said Mycroft, “before the Reformation. And they continue to adhere to certain . . . practices.”
“Benjamin Markham was an architect,” said Sherlock, eyes trained on the ceiling. “Didn’t spend a lot of time outdoors, was pretty pale as a consequence. There was no discoloration on the skin of his finger, and those lines were practically invisible.”
You don’t put yourself out for just anyone, Sherlock,” she noted shrewdly. “You sure as hell didn’t fly from London to New York for just anyone. You won’t even do that for me, and we’ve been friends forever.”
“He didn’t. I told you. I—” John gathered his courage. “I dug around until I found the address.” He did a quick check of Sherlock’s features, but if his flatmate was angry, he didn’t show it.
“I don’t— No,” John finally admitted, “he didn’t give me the address or suggest that I come. So I’ll just go now, and see you when you get back to London. Any idea when that might be?”
“Oh, Irene,” Sherlock sighed, relief and pity abruptly capping the wellspring of queasiness within him. “You have terrible taste in men.”
But Sherlock’s expression became sober. “I am sorry, John. This is exactly what I was trying to prevent at Reichenbach.”
Sherlock didn’t bother to hide his disappointment. After all, it was to no one’s benefit or detriment if he did.
“You look as if you’ve lost some weight,” Lestrade agreed. “Aside from Moriarty, did anyone else visit the room?”
Still looking as if she were being faced with a firing squad, Irene nodded. “Don’t show him that face,” Sherlock told her. “He’ll think we’ve had a falling out.”
“Really.” Sherlock pawed through the assortment of items that had been tossed into the drawer until he came upon what he was searching for.
“I’ll open my veins before I ever let you touch me again,” said Sherlock. He placed a hand on Christopher’s back and pushed him forward into the mattress. “If you’re lucky, Irene will come back before maid service arrives.”
All at once Mycroft reached out and seized John’s left hand, turning it palm up. “There. The jeweler did his best to keep the design uninterrupted, but there’s still a visible seam. It was sized.” He released his grasp and took up the computer. “The ring was made for Father; he had no reason to size it.”
At the start, the fundamental idea was simply that Sherlock might have a little crush on his flatmate. This thesis, compounded by Moriarty’s promise at the end of “The Great Game” to “burn the heart out of” Sherlock, gave me the basis for the first story. I also allowed a couple other key scenes from that episode inform my work; namely, the scene in which Jim is introduced and the one in which John says Sherlock and Moriarty “would be very happy together.” I especially like the scene in which “Jim from IT” appears because after he leaves it seems that Sherlock makes an effort to rededicate himself to John. Sherlock’s agitation in the last scene can also be taken as telling of how important John has become to him.
So after waving to Tim as they passed the paddock and entering the quiet shade of the stables, John turned to Sherlock and kissed him. Hard and persistently, just to be sure he got his point across.
But Sherlock’s attention was devoted to his phone. Neither John nor Irene was responding to his texts, which meant he’d have to call, something he hated to do.
Sherlock slapped the scrapbook shut. It was tempting to continue his research—he could easily stay up all night and do so, especially after having had a nap that afternoon—but at some point he would need John, and that was another task entirely. One Sherlock would feel better about once it was out of the way.
Charles suspected he had stumbled upon a sore point. “I’m surprised you stand for it,” he told Sherlock.
“What, now?” John asked as he released his hold, though he stayed close to make sure Sherlock wouldn’t falter.
“I would have done worse, but Lestrade—” They both froze when they heard noises in the living room. “That’ll be Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock predicted, throwing off his blanket and sitting up.
“Don’t make me tie you—Good morning, Inspector.” Sherlock succeeded in standing this time. “I was just on my way out.”
SHERLOCK REQUIRED SPACE when he slept. Not because he moved around; when sleeping, he was like a stone dropped into a riverbed, unmoving until some current of wakefulness swept along to dislodge him. It was more that the notion of having someone wrapped around him while he was all but unconscious was nightmarish to him. On the short list of things that spooked him, this was near the top.
Sherlock felt something hard and cold settle in his stomach as he rejected the mental image Moriarty had forcibly conjured. Moriarty was trying to upset him, use emotion against him; he needed to remain focused.
Like the night before, Sherlock went and lay down, though he didn’t try to get close to John. He waited, but John kept his back turned to him, so Sherlock finally said, “John.”
John was just slipping on the shoes when there was a tap at the closed dressing room door, followed by Sherlock poking his head in. “Ready?”
Sherlock read the note once, twice, a third time until he could no longer see it clearly, the words swimming in front of his eyes. Why had John answered the door? There was no sign of a struggle; how had Charles convinced John to go?
“If we can figure that out, we might be able to figure out who he’s working for. Meanwhile, Victoria’s lily was easy enough to locate.”
“That makes me feel better,” Sherlock remarked dryly. He looked at the urn. “I have no idea where I’m going to put it.”
“Is fine,” she supplied. “His ribs absorbed the worst of the impact, but it clearly wasn’t a close-range shot.”
John was tempted to remind them that he happened to be in the room; there was no need to discuss him as if he weren’t.
He flipped through the pile, loose dust set adrift by the motion, until he came to the one he sought. Yes, the return address featured exactly the symbol from Markham’s ring: a crest featuring a martlet over a castle tower. There was no name or street, only the emblem. It meant nothing to Sherlock; the envelope hadn’t even been opened.
A CD. Or was it a DVD? It was unmarked, protected in a clear plastic case with nothing written on it, no note.
John was suddenly extremely aware of both Irene’s and Mycroft’s intense gazes. He looked again at Sherlock, who continued to stare up and up and up at the vacant blue sky.
“Except you’ve lost your phone. And he never had the number,” Irene pointed out. “And you hate the phone. Which is why he called me instead.”
“John leans more toward the humanitarian than the—” The sound of Irene laughing disrupted his train of thought and he turned to see what she was up to. No good, by the looks of it. What was she thinking, pawing John like that?
“No hard work being good to someone who is good to you,” Mrs. Grossman pronounced as she disappeared to the lower level. “I’ll get your lunch started; you should eat before making the drive.”
Sherlock began to tremble, which left John at a loss. He didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, but he wasn’t sure Sherlock wanted him there, either. “I, uh . . . won’t, if you don’t want me to.”
“Most fifteen year olds don’t,” Lestrade agreed soothingly, “which is why it’s considered that they’re unable to consent. Now, were you aware of his plans to abduct you?”
“The wedding was only a month away,” said Lestrade. “He was in the process of moving his things to their new flat. You don’t bring him along as much these days,” the inspector added.
John looked again to the window. What was the shooter waiting for? A better vantage? Although it had been a common enough condition in Afghanistan, John couldn’t like not knowing what they were up against.
“That’ll take you out of the way,” Mycroft groused. “It’ll take you twice as long to get to the airport.”
Mr. Watson’s shoulders relaxed a bit, and Mrs. Watson broke into a wide grin. “That Eoin! He’s a nice boy, though, trying to take care of you. A good friend,” she declared.
John’s eyes dropped to the bottom of the page. The letter was signed “Yours Always, Charles.” No one Sherlock had ever mentioned that John could remember. Which could mean that it wasn’t important, or that it was so old it didn’t bear comment, or simply that it wasn’t something (someone) Sherlock thought John should know.
“We’d normally do this for the afternoon meal,” Gerrie said as she took her seat at the head of the table, “but it’s hardly worth the effort with just Sherlock home. But now here you are! So I had Chloe pull a little something together for tonight.”
John looked over his shoulder at Sherlock’s pale, drawn face, then down at where Sherlock’s gaze was aimed. Michael lay on the floor, blood blooming across his chest. John moved as if to go to him but restrained himself; he could do nothing for the young man now.
“Yes, I know,” said Irene as she craned her head around the doorframe. “But he turned up yesterday, alive and well.” She sighed. “And now he’s disappeared again.”
. Sherlock was at a loss there, too; he didn’t know what John’s expectations were and had none of his own.
Looking askance at the chair, Irene stepped away and took a seat on the sofa, where she rested her elbow on her knee and her chin on her hand. “John sent me to find you,” she finally said after a minute of watching Sherlock vigorously clean a stain that was long since gone.
Sherlock’s curiosity was piqued. What could be so important that Markham would hide it from them, and that they would kill to get it?
“Well, this has been . . .” Sherlock said abruptly, coming round the table to steer John out of the room. “It’s late, so we’ll just be getting to bed. Good night, Mum.”
“Seems like you have enough trouble of your own,” countered Lestrade. “And if it’s true that Moriarty is back, then you’d best tell me what you know. After the whole Germany stunt, he’s a fugitive.”
John shook his head. “Not particularly. It sounds awful, but really it’s simply that he was persistent, and I didn’t care enough one way or another.”
By the time he arrived, John had worked himself up into a frothy mixture of worry and resentment. He was worried about what the bizarre weave of tire tracks must mean. And he resented that Sherlock could so easily turn up and shatter his world without sticking around long enough to help glue things back together.
Sherlock, on the other hand, appeared wide awake. Typical. He was dressed and already at the door. “Just going for some air.”
Chloe stepped back out of the way as Sherlock moved for the door, John following behind him. “Is she frightened of you?” John asked once they’d made it part way down the hall.
One of the emergency workers returned, followed by the inspector. Sherlock took the proffered blanket and draped it over John, then turned to Lestrade. “Your car. Bring it ’round.”
He was about to put the gun back in his jacket when it occurred to him maybe he should leave it as evidence? But he didn’t want to risk it being taken again or tampered with . . .
He froze when he heard John yelp in pain, but the noise was cut short. Sherlock waited a minute, listening, but when nothing else happened, he resumed his work.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at the door to his room then headed for John’s. “Purple?” he asked.
John pulled a couple of the other blankets more tightly around him to make up for the loss of body heat as Mrs. Hudson bustled in with one of what Sherlock had begun to suspect was a very large collection of trays. “You’re awake!” she all but shouted.
“If the point is you never see him, and he lives in London, and you haven’t been in London for two years . . .”
THERE WERE FEW things in the world worse than having a surfeit of information and no way to act upon it. Particularly when one added a long flight to the equation.
John stopped again, visibly startled by Sherlock’s response, and before he could question it—or rescind his proposal—Sherlock continued, “But we’ll have to let Irene have a hand in the planning, else she’ll never forgive us.”
“I don’t cel—” Sherlock’s phone dinged. “The Hampstead lily is missing,” he said as he checked the text message. He considered. “It’s possible that was the first one he took, if he went in order of . . .”
Though that didn’t seem like Sherlock, who often couldn’t remember to eat without someone prodding him into it.
John sat up, his brain working through fog to place the voice. Lestrade. “Why don’t you call him and ask?”
Sherlock patted him on the arm. “Good man. Don’t forget to ask for Lestrade.” And with that he slipped past and into the museum.
Sarah was there, of course, when he arrived. They’d each worked hard—too hard, probably—to keep things from being awkward. The result had been mutual avoidance except when it was absolutely necessary for them to interact, at which point smiles were forced and pleasantries exchanged in strained tones.
It would have been a marriage of convenience, perhaps. Geoffrey Dawson was no small fish; he ran a textile company, and his wife was an interior decorator. The announcement mentioned that Madeline Dawson had been working at her father’s offices. Potentially useful connections for an up-and-coming architect.
He might not need it, he reasoned, but with any luck he would, so it was better to have it with him.
“Well, we’re stuck here in the meantime,” said Mr. Watson, resuming his seat and patting the one next to him that Mycroft had vacated. After John sat down, his father asked, “He’s really all right then?”
Mycroft scowled. “That’s ridiculous. If you were being held for ransom, I’d have heard about it. Why not just come to me?”
“Bad memories?” Sherlock asked, giving John a little pang; was this Sherlock’s way of suggesting he’d crossed a line? But Sherlock was already turning to go. “What are you going to do then?”
“What’s taking the two of you so—? Oh,” said Mrs. Watson. “You should lock the door if you’re going to do that.”
“Speaking of whom . . .” said Sherlock, suddenly desperate to fill the empty air that John was creating with his silence. It unnerved him, though he wasn’t sure why; normally John was the one to chatter, and Sherlock could go for days without saying more than two words.
“What, like you?” she asked, only to be met with a stony expression. She knew then that she’d miscalculated; that look meant it would take extra effort to get him to see her side. “Did you know he doesn’t model any more?”
“After what he did to you?” Harry asked him. She turned on Sherlock. “The mess he was after you fell off a mountain or whatever it was—”
Immediately Irene’s voice transformed into that of a person who was wide awake. “John!” she practically squealed. “You know Sherlock—”
John stood there, absorbing this new information. “He came here to keep you on task? I had no idea he cared so deeply about your wellbeing.”
She couldn’t help but laugh as she came up to meet him. “You’re as stupid as ever when it comes to people, Sherl.”
John wondered how much Sherlock had told her. He decided it would be best to remain non-committal in any case. “Better. Thank you. I just . . .” He moved to disengage himself. “I have a friend coming over, so I want to get cleaned up a bit.”
[If he had, Sherlock’s answer would likely have alarmed him. “With passion,” Sherlock might have said, or, “Feeling as if you can’t stand to have anything coming between us, not even a thin piece of goddamned cotton.” But Sherlock was already feverish at this point and any words he might have said couldn’t be taken seriously under the circumstances.]
“The last heir,” said Mrs. Grossman. “He left everything to the doctor when he died. Had a brother, but there was some bad blood there. Are you a cousin of some sort?” she pressed.
“Well, you look all right to me,” she went on, dropping her oversized bag beside the bed. “Your co-worker friend made it sound like you were all but dead.”
John refrained from pointing out that Sherlock himself was one of the strangest people he’d ever met. Instead he asked, “So what do you want me to do? Win her affection away from you somehow?”
How on earth had such a touchy-feely mother raised someone like Sherlock? Or even Mycroft, for that matter?
“Let me have a look at you!” Irene stepped back and gave Sherlock the onceover then bit her lip and gave her head a tiny, disapproving shake. “I know that face. That’s the face of a broken heart.”
“You know how Sherlock is, Elyse,” Gerrie put in, “can’t sit still for long. But we’ll see him settled soon enough, I’m sure.”
From the entry hall they could hear Lestrade directing. “The one you have is for custody. This one in here is not, though we’ll need to question him when he’s well enough... Sally, get Anderson and the crew up here. I want them ready to sweep the scene.”
“And so you’ve spent the past twenty years making sure you hold all the power in every situation,” said John.
Irene locked eyes with Sherlock. “He has to go back to London.” When she moved to hug him goodbye, she whispered in his ear, “I know why you won’t let him bandage your cut.”
“You sure you don’t want me to help you with that?” she asked, pointing at his face. “You won’t win any kisses with—”
Had Sarah called and asked John over? If that were the case, John would have left a note . . . or a text message. Sherlock glanced around, trying to remember where he’d left his phone. He was starting to get cold, too; he would need to go find a shirt soon.
“Have some tea with me, would you, John?” Mycroft asked, but John knew it wasn’t a mere request. “Give your shoes a chance to dry.”
The man stood, wrote some more, then said, “I’d like you to try to eat something before your next dose. Can you do that for me?”
Sherlock’s heart gave a little flutter of panic, though not for his own sake. “They have no reason to be watching John.”
“In here,” Lestrade called back. No use for silence now, was there? And yet the realization made him melancholy again. He began to wonder if he should take a holiday.
“Uh . . . I just need my stuff from the bath. Are you sure it’s okay?” he asked as Sherlock turned around again.
John shook his head. “There are some bonds that are stronger. And anyway, with Henry dead she would inherit everything and could live however she liked.”
“1760. It’s a Grade II, so I spend a lot of time and money making sure it stays just so.” Gerrie heaved a dramatic sigh as she perched herself on the edge of the chair opposite. “Would be easier if I could get the boys home more often.”
Christopher moved in close again; he was a centimeter or two taller than Sherlock. “I suppose you’ve tested this theory?” he breathed. “Then he must be a paragon among men. You’re not usually given to such praise.”
“Go to Markham’s flat with you. I have work. Are we walking all the way back to Baker Street?” he added.
Sherlock had turned his attention to his own window. “Shakespeare, I think. Mum would know. Here we are.” He threw open his door, leaving John to scramble after him.
Brandywine, meanwhile, proved stubborn; having come to the conclusion that John neither had a liking for nor any particular experience with horses, the bay showed reluctance at being led and stopped any time he came across some freshly sprouting grass. John had half a mind to leave the stupid beast to its own devices, but felt responsible for the damn creature.
John sighed. “Well, now that’s over,” he said with forced cheerfulness, “I can finally fix the tapes on your ribs.”
There was an awkward stretch of silence, during which Sherlock merely stared at Eoin, attempting to read in his body language the details of his relationship with John.
When John remained silent, Sherlock finally pulled together the courage to look at him and was shaken by the intensity of John’s gaze. The truth seemed to be dawning on John, even as the doctor warred with himself in an effort to stay hopeful that what he suspected wasn’t—couldn’t be—true. “How—?” John began, but his voice came out hoarse, so he cleared his throat and started again. “How do you know?”
Sherlock closed the door behind him and slipped off his coat. “Being home with Mother and Mycroft is a bit too much like Christmas.”
John made a sound that might have been a laugh or a sob; Sherlock couldn’t be sure which without pulling back to look, and he was happy to stay just as they were. Work, he decided, would wait a little longer.
“I mean, I didn’t even know it was pronounced that way, but . . . He declined anyway, so no harm done, right?”
“Formal wear. If we’re asked to dine at Corring, you’ll need it.” Curiosity satisfied, Sherlock dropped the dinner jacket onto the bed and wandered back into the closet.
Lambeth Palace was the residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Now the head of the Anglican Church, but before the Reformation . . .
Sherlock shot him a disdainful look but got up and went to the desk all the same, where he slapped the ring down next to the computer before digging through a pile of paper for a scrap to write on.
