“See—Uh, see you later, then,” Steve pushes himself to say. Tony just stands there as Steve turns and leaves.
Tony’s eyes widen, but then Steve feels the light touch of his fingers, his hands on Steve’s cheeks. The contact makes Steve close his eyes for a moment, lean onto the warmth before opening them again. Tony’s hands are big and calloused, and Steve immediately wants to feel them everywhere, as he’s never wanted anything else before.
Tony’s voice is also unrecognizable, hoarse and low as one of his hands goes to Steve’s neck, grabs his hair. “
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, and if Steve were to guess, he’d say he was only half-joking. “I’d be willing to give you some cool party tricks. Not as cool as mine, mind you, but something entertaining, for sure.”
“I really do. Tony and I, we—we’ve been through a lot.” He swallowed, and his eyes flicked towards Tony for one second, wide and glassy, before turning to Ayesha again. “Most of it wasn’t pretty. And for someone on the outside, it may seem impossible to think this could end up with us, here, together. I know,” his voice trembled just a little, the slightest amount, in a way anyone who didn’t know him wouldn’t be able to tell. “Because every time I thought about it, it seemed impossible to me, too. Many, many times.”
It was in one of those tiny, half-second long breaks that Tony heard someone clearing their throat. He was ready to ignore it completely, his eyes fixated on Steve’s glistening, already puffy lips, if Steve himself hadn’t grabbed Tony’s wrists, lowering his hands and putting some distance between them.
Tony’s eyes widen, and his mouth falls open, and Howard can see the barely chewed dinner. To his credit, Tony chews before answering and lowers his fork to the table carefully. Howard wishes he displayed these manners all the time.
Tony bites his inner cheek. He doesn’t want to think of Steve’s dream world, but he wonders how different it could be from the reality he’s actually living in. To be brought out of it so suddenly… It could be hard.
“Your designated spot,” he repeats, raising his hands and gesturing to the table behind them. “One time is a coincidence; two times, though, you’ve got something to explain, Cap. To be honest, I’m a little scandalized – I never took you for a person who only saw weddings as a chance to eat at the cost of a merry couple.”
Of course, that’s only if the rebels lose. If they win – and Howard knows there’s a good chance they will, otherwise he wouldn’t have given them anything - the Starks would be on the throne.
Tony’s mind distantly notices that being in a dream didn’t make Steve suddenly learn his clothing size.
, and it’s too cute for Tony to be annoyed. He shifts his head a little, and the next kiss Tony plants is on his lips, chaste for the sake of sparing them both from morning breath.
Now, though, it feels a little like jumping out of a plane, that small action of holding Tony’s hand. It feels like being in the dark. It feels like being unfrozen in a new world.
Steve hurried to straighten his back. His hand reached back, searching for support from the wall as he struggled to get back to his feet, because – of fucking course – his cane had stayed in his bedroom, abandoned when he jolted awake and ran outside like a lunatic.
Something in the way he says it, combined with the fact that they’re still very close, makes warmth bloom in Steve’s chest, prickling to his neck. Steve wants to ask why he’s telling him this – why did he stop partying to find Steve and share something that he didn’t really need to tell him – but he also doesn’t, because he has a feeling asking will push Tony away, and he doesn’t want Tony to go away.
Tony, however, doesn’t seem phased. “Everyone can dance,” he replies, as if he’s saying something incredibly obvious.
Tony tilts his head. “Everything okay?” he asks, and Steve has to fight the urge to grab his tie and shut Tony's mouth with his right then and there, in front of everyone.
, for Stark to play with him right now, after everything that had already happened tonight. With a shock, Steve realized he didn’t believe Stark would be capable of that.
This time, when they’re in Steve’s bedroom, Tony works him up with his tongue, getting Steve wet and aching and begging before sliding inside him, whispering about how wonderful he feels with every thrust.
He keeps himself from touching it, though – it’s a barrier he doesn’t feel that he should cross, a part of Tony he feels he doesn’t have a right to ask for. But Tony notices his looks (of course he does), and one time he takes Steve’s hand himself, smiles, and guides it gently to the center of his chest, letting him feel the hard surface.
“Dancing! Yeah. Dancing…” His hand closes a little awkwardly, then goes back to his pocket. “That’s. That’s definitely. A thing. That people, uh, do—at a lot of other settings, I suppose, but, yeah, at weddings, too.” He swallows, and Steve notices he’s turned entirely towards him now. “I mean, obviously, if… if they want to.”
Tony knows he’s not getting anywhere with those scrambled thoughts, but they’re inescapable, so it’s almost a relief when he finally dozes off, sleep winning the battle against his anxiety.
He looks asleep. More than anything, though, he looks… relaxed. There’s no tension in his jaw. His hair falls over his forehead and his closed eyes make his eyelashes brush the upper part of his cheeks. His breath is calm and steady, chest raising and lowering at steady intervals.
That, in Tony’s book, is worth dealing with a non-traditional relationship. He knows. He just… wishes he knew
Steve’s frown vanishes, but it’s replaced by something a lot worse: surprise, and then a clear, raw disappointment that he does his best to mask. His posture deflates, his hand going to the back of his neck, rubbing it.
“This should be interesting,” Howard states. The wine is a bit on the sweet side for him, he decides. His eyes dart to the door, already wondering—the last bottle the Romanoffs sent, had he finished it? And if not, where had it gone? Perhaps on the last cabinet of the kitchen, the one Happy kept locked at his request…
It happens in a split second: Tony turns towards Captain America, raises his hand, and fires his repulsor. The blaster goes straight straight to Cap’s shield, raised at precisely the right angle to send some chitauri heads flying off to the sky.
Tony doesn’t say anything. Instead, he walks back to the bed and lets himself sit, staring at his hands.
Steve lets Tony’s fingers climb up his wrist, towards his palm, until they finally curl and hold his hand. He holds it back tightly. “Okay.”
Stark had opened the door, the strong smell of alcohol immediately following him, squinting his eyes at Steve as Steve ranted at him furiously. Stark just stared, as if he couldn’t quite make sense of him. Then his gaze lowered to find the cat in Steve’s arms, and his face had brightened in a smile, and he thanked Steve profusely, calling him
And he could have days, months, years or decades. But all of this could be worthless, for what he knows. He has this one thing – his life – to offer, but he has no way of knowing if it would be accepted, if it would be welcomed at all.
lucky. That whole farce was insane, and it could go south in a heartbeat. All the time, Tony had been distracted by small, meaningless things – the feel and warmth of Steve’s hand in his, the faint scent he could catch from Steve’s shampoo when he leaned closer – when he really should have been seeing this for what it was: a very, very risky mission. The Sovereign were just as dangerous as they were ridiculous, and there he had been, losing sleep just by listening to Steve’s breath in their suite after the lights went off. Geez, what was his problem?
“That would be one way to solve your food shortage,” Steve observed with a smile and a small shrug. “You’d have access to the sea.”
“And what predator do you know more powerful than Woman?” Tony whispered, and gently he clapped Clint’s neck in encouragement. “Come, I think we’re onto something. If we thought to seek refuge in such a cave, why should not the Last Chief have done the same?”
“My friend! Your contempt for romance is a sight to behold,” Thor announced with a big laugh, perching himself on the armrest of Tony’s armchair where he seemed blissfully ignorant of just how much of his bulk encroached on Tony’s personal space. “Truly. Jesus wept.”
hahahahahahahahahahahaha!! Omg i love the idea that steve rogers woke up and decided, i know we might end up with that orange dumpster fire for another four years BUT WHAT IF WE HAD AN EVEN BETTER TONY STARK ASS
Five minutes later, Tony shoved Steve into the fleeting privacy between the stacks overlooking the reading room. His own belt and jeans were undone, and if he could only tear himself away from Steve’s soft lips and his clever tongue, he could get on to his prize. But Steve’s arms were quickly closing around him, too lost in the kiss to release Tony for anything.
Tony couldn’t have contained his smile if he’d wanted to. He draped an arm around Steve in return, hugged him close, and they held each other as they drifted off into a safe, peaceful sleep.
“Make note of that door, Sam,” he told his partner then. “He handled like a dream, might as well make him a regular visit.”
There was a knock at his door and Steve’s heart skipped a beat. What had he been thinking? Having Tony in his space sounded like such a dream when meant fooling around in his bunk bed, but
Tony’s mouth clicked shut and he stared at Steve. “This isn’t funny,” he rasped. It hurt too much to breathe.
Steve bit down on his lips before he either laughed or cried in her face while Tony explained that they were part of the Governor’s party. The woman completed their order, and instructed them on how to reach the glass dome and the Governor’s regular table from there.
Steve turned in Tony’s arms so they could both watch the school children hoisting their trophy in the air with great delight. “This is a greater reward,” Steve said quietly. “Look at them. They will not soon forget this day.”
And with those words, all the little signs and minor realizations came together. Steve stared at him, and while Brock's face was as familiar as his own, it finally hit him how much he’d been blind to all these years.
Tony groaned in pleasure, deep and shameless and indulgent, and let his head fall back. In these last weeks, Tony had quickly learned to love Steve’s fascination with his body. He could happily have held his legs open by his ankles all day for Steve to fondle and study, learning all the different ways he could make Tony come, and how each method affected a harvest.
“Yes, you did, angel: James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky,” she reminded him. “You two were inseparable until you were six years old.”
Tony only had one question for the witness, and he presented it as an array of five photographs: five similar looking flaccid penises, each with distinctly different manscaping. Since she remembered so much and had apparently spent all night with Barnes and even claimed to have performed oral sex, he only asked her one question: identify his client by his pubic hair.
“Oh, I bet you say that to all the Girls,” said the voice from earlier and, despite the overwhelming distraction of the murderous dragon towering over them, Clint noticed that the voice did not come from the dragon itself.
The question surprised Tony, and for a moment he worried his unhappy thoughts about Steve’s upcoming trip had unknowingly been vocalized.  Had he spoken without realizing?
Without blinking or even seeming bothered, Nat started making up a cup of coffee. "He took it off in the traffic. I don't blame him, even I thought it was loud."
Later, after Bucky and Nat leave the kitchen, if Peter tells Banner to stop staring at his mother, well, nobody has to know.
He was having the van tracked and froze all of Peter's bank cards so his money couldn't be stolen... Though with something like this, it wasn't really about the money anyways. They'd taken Peter for a reason. What that reason was, nobody knew, but they'd all be damned if they couldn't find out.
"While Peter was doing God knows what, the systems were shut off, which meant any door in the building could be opened and closed and there'd be no record of it at all. The highest security doors could have been opened by a kindergartener."
managed to blend in with the actual fucking government and claw his way to the top through the highest security, top secret government facility and use the knowledge to his advantage.
also, since I skipped Halloween and Thanksgiving but still made the anniversary of the Starks, I have a surprise for you
He didn't turn anything on, just laid out Peter's laptop and other little devices on the top of the desk to let Peter set them up how he pleased. Peter didn't bring a whole lot, but upon further inspection of the cabin, Wade realized there was still food from the last time he'd been here.
He thinks maybe he should have given up, but he can't help but wonder what would've happened to Bucky if he had. Bucky probably never would have made it out of the Hydra base, to begin with, and if he did, maybe he would've lived through the train ride.
He let the boy cry, he let the boy wail and fight and sob. He let the boy grieve for the only family he'd ever known before... The only family that could very well be gone.
He felt weak, useless and stupid that he couldn't remember the easiest things. It wasn't even remotely his fault though, it was theirs, Hydra's. They're the ones who tortured him so badly that he lost every sense of who he was. He didn't have a grip on himself anymore, and sense of his own being. He knew what Hydra wanted him to know, even if it was all fake. He knew that not everything he remembered from there was real.
At one point, Bucky asked him if he was sure he wanted the kill for himself, as they were in a church and Peter'd been going to church for a little bit now, but Peter's only reaction to the question was,
So when he saw this little puppy with the same disability as him, yes, he cried. Shamelessly cried onto the dog's fur. The tears dialed up to an 11 once he looked at the collar on the small dog. Under the small bow read a proposal he wasn't expecting at all. When he looked up to Steve, he saw him down on one knee and sporting a smug smile.
"No!" Tony suddenly stopped pacing and turned on his heel to face his new beau. "Don't you even start. You knew that Steve was gonna propose and you didn't tell me?"
He stands, letting Peter's hand slip from his grasp. "Oh, but you are. You're JUST like me. You tell yourself not to get involved with people but you fail, and you play it close to your chest and when something happens to them, because it always does, you blame yourself, because you probably could have saved their lives and saved yourself all the heartache if you'd just listened and stayed away like you're supposed to. But you're selfish, you want to have the things that other people have. You want a regular job, and a family, and a quiet little life with the people that you love but you know that you can't. Your life and your line of work put everyone that you so much as come into contact with in immediate danger, but you lie. You lie to the people around you and to yourself, and you say that they're safe even when you know that you're not." Her chest is rising and falling now, most likely with anger as Wade stands over her spouting all of the truths that she doesn't want to have to listen to.
wanted and let someone else find their footing as the Captain. Maybe even find their version of Iron Man.
“Gotta get to the bottom of that,” she said aloud. “It’s the neighborly thing to do. Jarvis put the kettle on.”
“I did. Invented a new artificial nerve system so that my brain can send it signals and it reacts like a real hand. Also invented the material used for skin so that it feels real to other people,” she whispered. “And so that it can feel.”
Soo hi lol. I apologize for the long lapse in updates. First I got terribly blocked on this fic and then real life hit me with a series of super soldier punches. That’s still sort of ongoing but I wanted to get back in the saddle with my stories. If anyone is still reading or if anyone new pops up, I hope you enjoy this! <3
Toni on his side, even the one from an alternate reality. It just felt right especially after…everything. “Thank you.”
It took her about five minutes to find what she was looking for and another two to get the crate open. Then she was hurrying to the elevator and bouncing like a little kid as it sped up to the penthouse. “How’s handsome doing, J?”
Though he’d probably dodged a bullet; she’d just learned Pepper was seeing Happy and would have no doubt crushed him in her mad dash to prove how
Getting back to Peggy was something he wanted but Steve found himself quirking a smile at Toni and agreeing that going out sounded like fun. He wanted to spend more time with her; time just doing silly things where someone’s life wasn’t on the line. There hadn’t been enough of those moments with his Tony, and it was just another regret he’d never get to fix now. But maybe Tony Prime—as this Toni was referring to him—was looking down and smiling because an effort was being made.
Without Tony—the space he’d left behind was so wide and so silent it was as if a black hole had swallowed everything up. The world mourned for him probably as much as his friends had though they felt it more keenly. After the funeral they’d all sat around talking about him and laughing at fond memories while the newcomers wished they could have known him better. Even Fury had a few interesting things to say; his voice going soft as he recounted how Natasha and Tony first met. And Steve had sat and listened to all of their stories and just felt it was all too quiet.
, and when he looked at her with such admiration and pride… Well she never really knew what to do with honest praise. Didn’t know if the goosebumps it caused were a good thing or a bad thing.
“But you can’t just jump into the Quantum Realm and expect it to usher you where you need to go. You’d need directions.” Her nose scrunched. “Or a map. Or…GPS. Tony Prime made you a time/space GPS didn’t he? Christ that’s brilliant! I’m kinda attracted to myself right now I just want you to know that. More so than usual.”
“I’m Iron Woman, kinda comes with the territory,” she said indifferently but he knew the truth. “Things have been quiet for a while though so yay. You’re the most excitement I’ve gotten in weeks and you still have all your clothes on.”
Toni shrugged. “Hey you belong here. You’re already fitting in and even if you weren’t Captain America, people would still love you. Steve Rogers all on his own is pretty freaking great. No need to worry. Just be yourself. Besides it’s just Bruce and Rhodey that’s being added to the mix.”
red and gold armor—spread out from the bright blue light underneath her blouse, tiny pieces of metal converging together until her whole body was engulfed. Until…until he was staring at the glowing eyes of Iron Man.
“We were.” He nibbled on his bottom lip. “I had fun today. With you. Even though it makes me feel like I’m living a lie.”
For a split second he had no idea what she was talking about, and then he noticed the thin yet slightly puckered red scar disappearing down into the v-neck of her cleavage. “That’s from where you had the original arc reactor removed?”
Bucky shrugged as innocently as he could manage. “It wouldn’t actually be a replica of Natasha. Like I don’t want it to look like her or whatever but I
Tony but that didn’t explain her last name. Nor that naming people after other people usually happened way earlier. So… “You’re Toni Stark?”
She snickered but it was laced with warmth. “You can’t kill a Time Wraith, bud. They exist beyond time and space—they are eternal. From the bits I know about them they just are and hardly ever interfere in our mundane lives unless, well unless someone like you comes along.”
Steve grinned and Toni rolled her eyes up to the ceiling. “I will mute you,” she threatened halfheartedly. “He’s so mean to me, Steve. DUM-E is much better behaved.”
“Stark meant a lot to you it seems.” Bucky rested his elbows on his knees. “For what it’s worth I’m sure the other me is eternally grateful for what you did for him. And if you and Stark fought side by side against Thanos whatever bad blood there might have been obviously didn’t exist anymore. He forgave you…if there was anything to forgive. Zemo played you. And maybe you should have told Stark about his parents but how do you tell someone you care about, that someone else you care about hurt them so bad it can’t be repaired? Sometimes you have to pick your battles and yeah the fucked up part is that someone will lose every time. Sometimes it’s you and sometimes it’s someone you love. But I know you Steve. If there was any way you could have been the loser, if there was any way you could have been the only one hurt, you’d have jumped on it without a second thought.”
timeline, then ours would run parallel except for some minor detail.” She tilted her head to the side in thought. “In theory. Frankly that whole explanation sounds like crickets to me but they were able to use it to get the Stones so… Anyway to answer your question if I could get Steve back to the moment he left, then it would be like he never left at all. So he’d be going back to the life he wanted. Retirement. Pickett fence.”
Steve smiled and set about putting the refrigerator back into place. Toni tilted her head to watch him, letting her dark brown eyes slide across his broad shoulders to his perfect ass. There was just something about Steve and the way he’d bonded with the serum. The way it had enhanced him to be this… flawless beacon of justice. Was it because the serum had been pure? Or was it all because of Steve’s character? She’d seen photos of pre serum Steve, heard about his heroics and his refusal to give up no matter the cost to himself. How in the end he’d surpasses expectations.
Peter nods again before Steve pauses. "Buck said he wanted to talk to you when you got home, but he's not exactly in the best mood, so I'd be careful if I were you."
"Be that as it may," Steve started, "we're not really in a position to pass on new allies. We need all the help we can get, and if this guy can get you out of the line of fire, Peter, you can damn-well believe that I'm going to trust him."
Bucky was in tears as he laid in what used to be his and Steve's old bed. The frame creaked with every shaking breath and groaned with every sob. It'd been so long since he was here last, but somehow it felt all too familiar to him.
The king shakes his hand firmly, though his face shows nothing but politeness. "I was told you may be in need of some help. Wakanda's borders are not currently open to outsiders, but I believe in this case I can make an exception, should you choose to accept."
Now I'm sure you're wondering, who is this guy on the inside? Is he someone we know? Is he an unimportant background character, or are we going to be totally surprised and betrayed when we find out who it is? Well, I don't know yet, because you're not going to meet them anytime soon. I'm keeping this little trick up my sleeve until I find the best time to use it.
He nodded and asked the boy to pull as hard as he could manage on one of the chains. The boy put all of the effort he could into pulling the chain, and it creaked and pulled. Wade put his weight into it and after a minute of their combined strengths, a brick holding the chain to the wall came clear free from the concrete. He reached out and pulled the boy close.
“Oh Rhodey you’re gonna flip,” she snickered aloud as she changed into something more comfortable. Plaid shorts and a t-shirt with Hulk Smash sprayed across the front. “Jarvis, do I get a cut of the Iron Woman merchandise?”
Toni nibbled on her bottom lip. “Wow okay a lot to unpack there. Familiar with Thanos and the Stones unfortunately but no one on my team died defeating him. Carol did punch him into the sun though.”
Strange shrugged glibly. “Either or I suppose. The alternative could be the Wraith throwing you through alternate realities for the rest of your life. The fact that it tossed you here and left you alone means—on some level—you
Instead of replying, Jarvis unlocked the glass door so that Rhodey could enter the room. She supposed it
Toni sidled up beside him and bumped his arm. “Ready to prove you are who you say you are?” She jiggled her case and then headed outside onto the small balcony, hearing his heavy footsteps behind her. “I believe this is an old friend of yours.”
sounded so ominous that she made a mental note to ask him about it later. But so they just strolled around for a while and then hit the museum where she offered to buy him whatever he paid close attention to, much to his amusement. It was nice; they talked and joked around and eventually ended up getting pizza to take back to the Tower.
She shrugged lightly. “I adjusted to my new hand after inventing it and sort of…kept going. Eventually crime returned and Iron Woman was needed.”
That it had been. Sitting around the table and watching everyone react to Steve had been amusing, especially where Bruce was concerned with his thousands of questions about Project Rebirth. And of course Steve had simply smiled and answered the best he could because
to be here. When I think of all the places or worlds that Wraith could have dropped me? I’m damn happy there was a connection for him to draw on. You saved me…and I would never hurt you to get back to 1945. I couldn’t live with myself if that were the case. We’ll just wait and see what Strange comes up with.”
Steve sniffed and wiped a hand across his face. “You don’t—it’s more than Thanos. You know for a month I didn’t think about any of this shit. With Peggy it was just regular day to day stuff. What’s for dinner and what are we doing tonight. I knew the SHIELD stuff would come because I’d never keep Peggy from her potential but for a while we were normal. I was normal.”
“While I would not be surprised to hear you are suddenly proficient in inter dimension travel, there is no way you could have caused this Toni. The universe is a large cluster of mystical, science and the unknown. I understand much about the Infinity Stones but it would take millennia to fully grasp all that they are capable of. From what Steve has said he was alone with all six for an extensive amount of time. Who knows the total affect they had on him?” Strange explained slowly. “It’s also possible this has nothing to do with the stones and everything to do with Steve himself. He is a man out of time and the universe would not abide him just settling into another on a whim.”
Toni’s annoyed growl broke apart his thoughts. “I swear Barnes if you ate my crackers I’m going to crack you upset your stupid head.”
wore the gauntlet and brought their loved ones back to them. Only an asshole would refuse to see all the good you’ve done.”
Natasha patted his shoulder. “I’m sorry you lost your Tony. And your Natasha. Though if you stayed here you’d have both. Not as substitutes of course but I wouldn’t be against getting to know you. James has told me stories about you and it’s obvious you’re trustworthy. You could have a good life here.”
something. Technology was her domain and no matter what, she always managed to make it her bow down before her. Still she wasn’t God or an inter dimensional boogeyman intent on keeping the universe organized. If the Time Wraith
It didn’t need to be said. Toni understood. “Sure. Can’t promise your feet won’t hang off the couch in there but you’re welcomed to join me.”
“A training robot does sound kinda fun,” he said as he pulled himself out of his morose thoughts. “Even with our abilities it never hurts to stay ahead of the game.”
Toni shrugged. “No problem. I do sorta owe you for running you down with my car. Hope there aren’t any dents. I’ll never hear the end of it from Happy if there are. Ooh maybe I’ll tell him that I heroically swerved to avoid hitting the cutest puppy you’ve ever seen, and in the process hit a bunch of trash cans. We just won’t mention this little hospital visit.” She took out her phone, thumbs flying across the screen. “Yeah that’s totally believable. And if your Cap stuff pans out we’ll alert whoever is at the Tower about your deal. If anyone is there—people come and go and refuse to use the sign out sheet. You uh, you gonna be okay seeing other versions of your friends?”
He’d had his fill of fighting but there was a current of excitement rolling beneath his skin at the idea of fighting beside Toni again. Or he supposed for the first time. “I guess we should be suiting up then.”
“Look man I get it. You’re sad because your friend died but at the same time, you’re a bit pissed off too. You resent him for leaving and I remind you of him because—you know—I’m him. And since you can’t yell at him…”
“True but if you need to talk I’m here for you Toni,” Steve said squeezing her wrist. “And it seems like we have some time…”
“I figured they were some type of legal documents pertaining to superheroes but no, we do not have any Accords.” She itched at her cheek. “If they made you and Tony Prime fight but there was no you here…”
“Mmhm. If that were true the others wouldn’t steal my food all the time,” she joked. “Any info on our newest bad guy?”
Usually that would have been the point where she’d analyze and sink inward until she was having some sort of crisis, and while that had sounded great, she’d pushed it all aside. God forbid she be the one to make anyone worry when things were coasting along quite nicely. Besides it was probably nothing. Sometimes people just…got sad.
“Some things seem the same but I wouldn’t assume. But it’s obvious you’re someone I can trust, and I know if there is anyway
She shrugged. “I’m not by myself. Jarvis is here and DUM-E is probably back there ruining something under the guise of helping.”
was nice that way. He’d been worried about fitting in with the doppelgangers of the people he once knew, but honestly he’d slotted into place without trouble. Perhaps having Barnes and Natasha there had helped. In any case Toni had been surrounded by some of the people she cared about most in the world and yet instead of feeling pleased, she’d just felt sad. Not that bone deep sadness like when she’d learned her parents were dead or when Peter had turned to ashes in her arms, but just this sense that she was missing something. Which was stupid because obviously she wasn’t
“Calm down Steve it’s cool. Pepper and I were together here but it didn’t work out. She’s still my best girl but she’s with Happy now and I’m
Toni shrugged. “Not sure. Strange is going to look into the whole thing so we’re sort of in limbo. In the meantime he’s going to be staying here and hanging out I suppose. Meeting everyone. You’re going to like him.”
with kids; he made a real effort because—because not many had with him when he was that age. And although he hadn’t seen Tony and Morgan together for that long, he knew Tony was the best dad ever. It wasn’t fair he’d only gotten five years to experience parenthood.
expression, she threw her arms around his shoulders and squeezed, resting her cheek against the top of his head. “Thanks for the compliment, honey bear. I gotta say our little chat made me feel better. My thoughts are still scrambled but what else is new. Gonna be good cannon fodder for whatever I make later.”
Toni nodded. “I will. He’ll be there bright and early to buy them all I’m sure. Hope he remembers pants.”
“Remember when you made me ride the Cyclone at Coney Island? And I threw up?” He chanced a smile. “The zip line wasn’t pay back.”
“I don’t know, J. He said he was retiring. I’ll ask him though. I mean I’m hoping nothing comes up but we’re always on the clock. And okay maybe I am dying to see him in action, just a little bit. Not going to make him though.”
“What about a compromise?” Steve suggested mildly. “Seamus and I have plans this afternoon. Let me take you to dinner tonight. We have a charity run in the morning, and we could use some help eating for the race.”
Steve glared at his friend and did his best to sound normal as he rushed to assure Tony he wasn’t intruding. “No, no it isn’t,” he promised in a rush, “it’s—we’re just, Bucky and I are at Shield, we’re watching the game. You want to come join us? I’d actually really like to introduce you, if, if you have the time.”
Whatever ghosts from Steve’s past were haunting him now, he wouldn’t move. With his face hidden in his hands and his shoulders shuddering with the weight of his uneven breaths, Tony struggled to think of ways to get his attention again without startling him.
“Not, not gonna last,” Tony choked out, his fingers digging into Steve’s hips hard enough that Steve could practically feel the bruises forming. “Darling, I’m gonna have—you, you okay?”
“Dinner will be starting soon,” Sharon told them once they inevitably had to move on to another group of friends. “Don’t miss it, okay?”
“The Audi,” she was saying. “We’ll take that and never speak of what happened to the Jag again. Ready to go Rogers?”
Steve had never really thought about loving Tony. He knew they were friends and colleagues, and that he was fond of him but he’d never took all that a part and examined it. There just didn’t seem to be any reason to.
She waved him off. “Chest twinge. It’s more than likely gonna rain soon.” Wetting her lips, she turned on her heel and motioned down the hall. “I’m gonna go take something before the others get here. Be right back.”
“This is gonna be pricey,” she said as people screamed and ran for cover. “J make a note to check insurance claims after we’re done. I don’t mind footing the bill but I’m not paying for someone’s windshield that they broke themselves.”
…” She waved a hand around. “Existed before you showed up. You didn’t cause this world—it’s not an alternate timeline of your making because you dealt with the Stones. If anything…since you had a guy Tony and I am clearly
Toni took her hair down and ran her fingers through it, blinking at the stylus that tumbled to the floor. “Huh. Was wondering where that went to. As for your question; it’s possible the Wraiths considered what you were doing acceptable because what Thanos did wasn’t natural. Overcrowding or no, the world is what it is and just deleting people at random because you feel like it is bullshit. Any of the people he snapped away could have been important to the future, and even if they weren’t it wasn’t his place to decide. Perhaps the Wraiths knew this so when you guys set out to fix things, they let you.”
she’d used the Infinity Stones. “I don’t believe that. Tony—my Tony put on those stones and they—they killed him. He could hardly talk in the end because of what they did to his body.” His jaw clenched tight. “So if you’re sitting here telling me that you just…put it on and poof, everything was fine… No. I—I don’t. No. I don’t believe you were somehow stronger than him because Captain America died here.”
“No,” she muttered. “This isn’t about Steve. Okay maybe it’s a little about Steve but don’t ask me to put my thoughts in order because I don’t think I can. I was just looking at him earlier and got sad thinking about him being here and then leaving. The only reason he’s even stuck here is because of this stupid tether. He wants to be with Peggy and that’s where he should be.”
there for Tony. I feel like her will to see Tony again kept her alive when everyone else was snapped.” He wet his lips. “This tether business.”
“Not so much clones as different versions of us. Grown and born and all that jazz. But yeah this is him…or was him.” She bit the inside of her cheek. “He—he married his Pepper and they had a little girl.”
Strange nodded. “I’ll do some research and get back to you. Thwarting the Time Wraith is what we should be focusing on so I shall look into that. I’ll be in touch.” With a dramatic swirl of his cape he was creating another portal and disappearing through it, the magic surrounding Steve leaving with him.
When a low, unmistakable voice starts singing, Steve smiles. “Wouldn’t have pegged you as a Sinatra guy.”
Steve blinks. The flow of memories is inevitable, and he remembers so well he almost feels the tingle of Tony’s mouth on his skin, his hands squeezing his.
The reaction seems to please Tony, who pulls back with a shark-like smile, before turning his attention to Steve’s neck and shoulders. Steve jolts at a slightly stronger bite, his body boneless against the work of Tony’s mouth, and he’d easily fall on his back in the mattress if Stark’s body didn’t show up behind him, his firm chest against Steve’s back, strong hands holding Steve’s waist.
Steve shifts, a little uncomfortable. After a moment of standing awkwardly, he decides to go to the snacks table. Many of the foods are Wakandan recipes that he doesn’t know, so he thinks he might try them out.
Steve exuded discomfort, so Tony came closer, arm going around his waist. Steve’s back tensed. “Come on, honey. I’m
There is the moment right after Steve finishes coordinating his group therapy meeting at the V.A., coming out of the role he knows inhabits with such ease, and Tony is looking at him from the doorstep with so much affection Steve’s words die in throat. Then there is the moment where Tony comes up to him, hugs him by his waist, and whispers
When he lowers his glass, he realizes all the eyes are on him, waiting for permission to continue the conversation. He barely fights back the urge to sigh.
He stared ahead. Stark was wearing a dark red robe that didn’t seem fit for anything other than going to bed, at least in Steve’s opinion. Though, God knew Stark wasn’t a stranger to going out in inappropriate or revealing clothes, so maybe he
Now, though, as Quill is rambling about the situation, Steve thinks this is probably normal behaviour for them. “I mean, I was already predicting Mantis – which, okay, made sense. And I think Drax honestly believes it’s the most important role of the night or something. But I’m pretty sure Rocket was only trying to piss me off,” Quill keeps going, straightening his tie, oblivious to any tension around him.
“No, sir,” Rogers says, no trace of his smile left on his expression. “I wouldn’t ever jest about such a thing.”
“Nope,” Sam says, after swallowing. “I sent Viz and Wanda to grab some, though. If they don’t get too lovey-dovey in the way, it should arrive soon.”
Steve pauses for a moment, considering. The idea of dancing used to brings back images of Peggy. Now, though, those seem like memories of a past life, a missed date and dance that belonged to someone else, a different person.
As soon as he finishes speaking, he leans closer, and, unlike Tony, barely has to raise his head to kiss Steve. Contrary to Steve’s expectations, the kiss begins fairly chaste, Stark’s lips barely moving against his own. The contact with his mouth is still electric, though – it’s been ages since Steve has kissed anyone other than Tony, and the thought that he both is and
He didn’t tell Steve that, of course. The team was back together, the Accords were down, and the rogues and James Barnes had all been pardoned in the eyes of the law. There really was no reason to drag it out any further, Tony thought.
“I.” He took a breath, a little shaken, and Tony could see his hands on his sides clenching. “You really think I…”
It’s said in the most casual tone possible, but still, the use of his name is like a caress, a kiss like one of the many they’ve shared only a couple hours ago, and it feels as if it marks Steve’s skin just as much.)
Tony risked a look at Steve. He kept his face under control, but Tony could see, in his eyes, clearly spelled out:
Tony gave her a strained smile, hoping to make up for Steve’s obvious discomfort. “It looks delicious,” he said, and, bizarrely, it wasn’t even a lie.
“It’s more comfortable than anything you have nowadays,” Steve argues, as he stands there in his 40s beach suit, which consists of a pair of blue shorts that looks like they gave up halfway to becoming hot pants (much to Tony’s disappointment), absurdly paired with a brown belt.
He walks towards Tony, grinning slightly. Tony stands frozen, unable to move but desperate to run away. He’s shaking, his mind trying to control his immediate instincts to hide, or to attack Barnes, or to throw up.
The momentary pain washed away, and Tony could only look ahead, eyes fixated on Steve’s solid form. He looked smaller, seen from there. In a different life, if they were different people, Tony could have easily fit beside him, on the couch – and he could, he noticed, fit well at Steve’s back, knees on the back of his thighs, arm thrown over his waist, face buried between his shoulder blades. He could, and for a moment, yearn swamped over him, so strong it was hard not to give in to the insane impulse.
“You sure do enjoy talking, don’t you, darling?” Stark replies, sharp, and Tony’s laugh hums against the curve of Steve’s shoulder, the scratch of his goatee giving Steve chills.
As Natasha leans over to whisper something in Tony’s ear, his eyes find Steve’s, over her shoulder. Steve, taken aback, thinks Tony will just look away, but instead he stares for a moment too long, brown eyes intense even from that distance.
“Yeah,” Steve says. Tony hears him picking up something inside the closet, probably a pair of sneakers. “I thought we could order some food, watch a movie. We’ve been going out so much lately.”
Stark stepped aside, gesturing for Steve to follow him, and as Steve set foot inside the apartment, his face heated. He looked down both sides of the hallway to make sure no one had caught him in the act.
And the way he smiles, for a moment, looks almost foreign. His eyes light up and his whole face brightens, a dimple showing up in his cheek. He looks younger.
Barnes’ eyes widen, a flash of pain in his expression. “Stark—Tony,” he says, his voice very careful. “You… You knew about that. You’ve—you’ve known for years.”
Tony stays quiet for a second. Howard almost sighs in frustration. Tony enjoys putting on the face of a bigger man, but there’s little about him that isn’t tainted by youthful foolishness. He’s entirely too transparent and yet believes he isn’t – a combination that invites danger.
Steve shuddered as he inhaled, his body starting to catch up to his newfound consciousness. He was shivering, a drop of cold sweat crossing his temple, and amidst it all he still found it within himself to feel ashamed, because apparently running away from his own apartment wasn’t
. “You’re always telling me to switch it up.” He shrugs. “So I thought I’d try it on.” He tilts his head just a little, and he has to be unaware he’s looking at Tony through those absurdly long eyelashes right now, right? He… has to. “Not sure if the beach is the best place to wear it, though.”
“You’re really good at hiding it, I’ll give you that,” Tony said after one conversation trailed off and they were enjoying some silent people watching together. “We can go sit down if that’ll help. Or get you a cab.”
Tony husked out an uneven answer in the affirmative, and what he couldn’t express in words he tried to communicate with jerking nods.
“Do you expect me to address your behavior without knowing anything about you? Why, you are both strangers to me,” Dr. Odinson pointed out, “I wouldn’t know you from Blanche, Rose, or Dorothy. Turner or Hooch. Now, we can sit here and look at each other’s noses as long as you like for 375 dollars an hour, but I do not believe that will solve any of your problems.”
Steve leaned over him for just a moment, pressing his chest to Tony’s shoulder and taking a solid grip of his thighs, then lifting Tony effortlessly into the air. Tony yelped at suddenly being airborne, but even as he wriggled in surprise, his position was safe and stable. With his shoulders braced against Steve’s arm, and his full weight held up and spread by Steve’s grip of his thighs, he was held up on display for the strangers around them, with only the shortest edge of his robe maintaining his modesty.
“Pick up his Polycom and put it in my conference room,” he was telling her, “then call his authors and explain what happened. And I need you around this weekend to help review his files and manuscripts—”
Two months passed in relative peace and comfort before Tony’s life took a strange turn. On one unremarkable afternoon, two men in black suits, black shades, black shoes, black ties, and bad attitudes showed up at his office.
“Yeah, not gonna believe anything you say about that guy until I see his dick myself,” Tony reminded her, which he said often enough that Jane either waved him off, or assured him it might even happen some day. Apparently, Thor loved saunas.
Forgetting any sense of urgency he’d felt mere minutes ago about Tony getting to the studio on time, Steve leaned back and casually asked, “Who are they, Tony? Pray tell.”
Despite his best efforts, Steve only won the pie eating contest once in the past three years. Somehow, with all the other events and events they engaged in that day, he avoided being sick or crashing after inhaling eight whole fig and pear pies. It hadn’t been until much later that night in the privacy of Tony’s old bedroom that he’d let Tony hold him and rub his cranky stomach for hours until he could sleep.
For Consone’s fifth solstice festival and ahead of their fourth anniversary, Tony opened the day with a short expression of gratitude for the diverse advancements and victories both big and small across the kingdom in the past year. His address was their only official obligation of the day, and soon afterward they were both released to enjoy the food, festivities, and games along with everyone else at Eisenturm.
Steve looked up from his enormous order of sushi and gave Tony a long-suffering look. “Yes, Tony: I’ll be right here binge-watching
is a hipster. Second,” Steve continued before Bucky challenged his own inclusion in that category, “Ms. Potts corroborated everything he said. She provided invoices for his alibi, she even brought the whole catalogue of his fan letters from 1994.”
“What can I say?” Tony wondered out loud, making a show of considering something he was never going to share. “Steve’s latest project took us to Lisbon for six months and he had a lot of night shoots, which meant I was often a solo tourist. I fell in love with Lisbon and Portugal—I love the people, the food, the art, the history, the nature - it got to where anytime Steve couldn’t fall asleep, he’d ask me about what new tiles I’d seen that day and I would talk for thirty, maybe forty minutes before realizing he was snoring. Worked better than Ambien,” he said with a fond grin that he valiantly tried to disguise as a frown.
Beside him, Tony was so tightly wound in the bed sheets that Steve couldn’t see much more than his hair and forehead on the pillow. He seemed to be fast asleep, and Steve couldn’t bring himself to wake him up. It was Saturday morning, and if his next plan was to treat Tony to breakfast, why not surprise him with it?
Without taking his hand off Steve’s cock, Tony leaned over Steve’s body to whispered in his ear. “Fuck me, Steve. I haven’t been with another man and I want it bad, I want you to fuck me so bad it hurts,” Tony softly moaned. “Can you make it hurt, Steve? So I remember your cock inside me tomorrow while you’re at work, until you can come home and fuck me again?”
Unaware of what he was even saying, Tony purred endless praise and pleas for Steve to do it, to take him, to
The question clearly wasn’t a grunter or a hummer, and it caught Tony off-guard. He blinked back at her. “No?”
“Wow,” Steve breathed, still reeling from everything the woman had just told him. “Thank you, I’m so glad I met you.”
It was a small room, and soon, Steve observed the results of his focused attention. Slowly, inch for inch, Tony started to squirm in his blanket cocoon. First, he freed a leg and swung it on top of the blankets; next, one arm. By the time Tony had belly-flopped on top of his covers in a loose-limbed sprawl, panting softly in the sudden heat and humidity of the room, half of Steve’s work was done for him.
“Yeah, I’m fine, Tony, don’t worry. I’m okay. But, uh, Tony,” he said, wetting his dry lips and the decision came to him so easily then, when his world had narrowed down to the concern and affection staring back at him in Tony’s eyes. From one stuttering heartbeat to the next, Steve became determined to do what he knew was right. This was his chance; Tony might say no, but what kind of man was Steve if he wasn't honest? If he didn’t try? He swallowed back the bitter lump in his throat and found his voice again.
“I realized,” Steve found himself saying before he’d really had a chance to hesitate. “Of all things I’ve learned about you, Tony, nothing makes me want to get to know you any less. That hasn’t changed since the first day you walked into the precinct and offered to help us get through those letters. But I get that I’m asking a lot. It isn’t fair to ask you to be patient with my preconceived notions about who you are.”
When Tony returned a handful of minutes later, he had stripped out of his kimono and wrapped himself in a white robe instead. The delicate silver chains still gleamed against his tan skin, and robbed Steve of what little attention he still had left.
“Sure. He was hot,” Tony finally said in answer to Thor’s question. “I wouldn’t say no to a couple dates with him or his wingspan, but hey, bad tim—”
Stephanie had been so wrapped up in what Clint was saying that she had missed the initial stages of her curse.
Was Steve going crazy from lack of sleep? Tony was making sense. It didn’t matter when he learned the material, just that he learned it for the test. And that test was going to be murder, he knew he could use every additional point from attendance and homeworks that he could get to boost his final grade.
wished I could eat those, you know. But, ah. I am not on a diet, and I, uh, might actually be half sugar. The way I eat, anyway.”
But this wasn’t Clarence, and Steve wasn’t a twenty-something runt back in Brooklyn. This was a meticulous man who studied the shape of Steve’s head and face before wrapping him up in a warm, scented towel. While his beard and skin absorbed the warmth, not-Clarence combed water through Steve’s hair and began cleaning up his haircut.
“So this is going to be the least stressful holiday, right?” he laughed, “between now and January 5th, will you be able to think about anything else?”
Silence answered him, and it took Tony a beat to realize Steve was caught out staring. He almost looked like he was about to cry.
, like a sane human being who doesn’t stalk his boyfriend,” Steve whispered emphatically. “They’re there for dinner, Buck. It could take hours. We can’t loiter in a bank for two hours.”
Steve jolted out of his mantra when Tony’s tongue first pushed into him. By no means could he reach far, but instead of trying to thrust his tongue in like Steve expected, Tony rolled and flicked his tongue hard and fast under and around the rim of his hole. Steve’s body heated with a sudden flare of passion, and an unbidden, low, guttural moan escaped him. His knees slid further apart as the tension melted from his body, until slowly, for the first time, Steve became aware of an emptiness deep within him that left him desperate for more of what Tony was giving him.
“Thanks,” Steve said with a smile that usually got him what he wanted. He unwrapped the biscuits and placed the bundle between them. “Please, help yourself. The package is bigger than average, it’s made to be shared.”
“Let’s look at him again,” Steve said after a brief scan of Barton’s report. “He might still have family in the city. Besides, Barton’s got a scribble here about Stark being into the elderly, that doesn’t feel right…”
,” Steve complained, “that’s not the point! The point is, I looked up for one second between positions and he was right there. Staring at me. I was face to face with MLK’s portrait.”
While his dad and brother laughed themselves hoarse, Tony led Steve around to the stairs and to the front door where five hound dogs of various shapes and sizes wagged their entire bodies with excitement. He didn’t pause to greet them or indulge in their abundant joy; instead, the dogs were left to trail them through the house as Tony hustled Steve in, past the broad, winding staircase that dominated the foyer, past open doors and hallways until the fourth hallway to their right opened up into an obscenely large living room.
While Tony felt the first letter was most troubling, Steve found the fourth letter most disconcerting. In it, a man who had recognized his philandering wife’s behavior in one of Tony’s books blamed Tony for his ruined marriage, his lost fortune, and his limited custodial rights. He was exactly what they were looking for: an avid reader of Stark Adventure novels with a clear motive. A man with nothing to lose.
Tony openly stared; he couldn’t believe his ears. This was, without question, more than he could have hoped for two days ago. There was a momentary hesitation stemming from suspicion and cynicism, because something wasn’t right.  This Adonis in his lap, with his broad shoulders and stunning pecs, should know better. Except, nobody knew what was right for Steve better than Steve, and if
Maybe Steve could sense his reluctance, or he simply didn’t like the thought of Tony working on a hungry stomach, but Tony could feel Steve grow tense under him. Instead of voicing his thoughts, Steve only pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s temple and said, “We have yesterday’s shredded barbecue chicken. How about a quesadilla? You can eat it in the tub, or in bed.”
“Only after marriage,” Tony replies, pretending to be distracted by a loose thread on the table’s linen. He doesn’t need to look to know Rhodey rolls his eyes.
Steve took a deep breath, calming himself down. He’d try just one more time around the block east from the park, this time searching every nook and cranny to see if the dog hadn’t just hidden somewhere, afraid of the noise of the thunder.
there.” His grin grows even more. “The kids loved you, and I can’t blame them. I, uh,” he lowers his eyes, a little bashful. “I might’ve sneaked in a little to watch some of the story. And you were just…” He takes a breath and shakes his head, as if Tony is something foreign, special, and not a face he’s grown used to seeing every day. “You were just great.”
Steve is happy for them. No one deserves happiness more than his two best friends, and Steve is proud of them for letting themselves have this. Right now, though, he wishes they weren’t in the middle of a romantic moment, because he really wishes he had someone, anyone, to talk to.
Steve looks momentarily hurt, and Tony bites the inside of his cheek. He doesn’t mean to be an asshole, he
“I can’t dance,” he hears himself saying, and it’s more honest than the words can possibly reveal it. He thinks back on the dance floor, on the people smiling and sweating, giggling and spinning and flirting, and imagining himself there seems like trying to paste a cutout of an old magazine in an Instagram photo. The thought makes his stomach twist, visceral discomfort making his body feel rigid.
. It’s… unbearably, excruciatingly long, and Steve misses most of it staring at the back of Tony’s head, counting the seconds until he can step out of his spot and go to him.
pity – but he couldn’t help but imagine: the two of them in that big house, holding each other, chatting about their routine, when Steve’s name came up, and a look of sadness crossed their faces, and maybe Gail said
And there it is, Tony thinks, spotting it with a wave of overwhelming fondness. The freckle. Right beneath Steve’s eyebrow, so tiny it’s almost invisible. A part of Steve he didn’t know before.
When Vision and Wanda kiss, Wanda’s red sparks turn into spirals around them, and they both float, rising a few feet above the audience. The excitement is contagious. Steve finds himself grinning hard as he claps and listen to Sam and Bucky whistling by his side.
“Sorry, buddy,” Tony says. He’s pretty much glued to Steve now, tangled around him like a sloth, and when he talks, he’s saying the words practically on his skin. “Not that this is a bad idea, but
Steve doesn’t know anything about stereo systems, but the way Tony talks makes it easy to understand. He’s only half paying attention, though, distracted by the way Tony gestures as he talks, by the way his lips curls as he speaks, by how his body is practically leaning on Steve’s side - by how he doesn’t seem to think there’s any reason to not be this close.
He feels his heart pounding, and tries to calm himself down, aware that an overreaction would only make Steve confused. From Sam’s reaction to his presence, it’s very clear that whatever life Steve is living right now, he and Tony are at least on speaking terms. They’ve maybe never fought, or they made up– maybe dream Tony picked up the phone to call Steve like real Tony had thought of doing so many times, or maybe…
pull Steve into bed and find out what sounds he makes when he’s coming apart. But it’s just a quick, delirious moment, and it’s immediately replaced with shame that he would even consider that, that he’d go so low as to feel tempted to take advantage of Steve like this.
Steve clenched his hands into fists. He would never get used to Stark’s penchant for pet names. In his life, the only other person who had ever called him darling had been Gail.
As they rose after the final meeting ended, Steve’s eyes snapped towards Tony, catching him in the middle of what Tony knew was some very blatant staring. Tony felt his cheeks burning and looked away, eyes landing on Ayesha, who had risen from her chair and walked in their direction, much slower than she had to.
“I’ll help you look for it later, okay?” His mouth moves so close to Tony’s skin that it makes it tingle, his voice low, enveloping like a blanket. Tony’s knees feel so weak it’s honestly a miracle he doesn’t fall down right there.
Tony must nod in response, because he doesn’t say anything, letting the silence stretch between them in a way so uncharacteristic Steve wonders if he’s given the wrong answer.
Tony laid a hand on Steve’s forearm, searching his face, looking for clues as to what angle they were playing at. Steve didn’t look at him, though.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t seem able to. His hand lowers from Tony’s face slowly, rests on the top of his thigh and closes into a fist. His breath is hitching, and his eyes are teary and wide. The sadness that floods them is more than Tony can bear to watch.
Then, Tony looks up, just so he can see Steve’s face one last time before the world around them turns into darkness.
The drawers are different, too, Tony finds. There are separate piles of socks and underwear Tony doesn’t recognize – he very adamantly refuses to let his brain dwell on the discovery that Steve is a briefs man -, and when he opens his closet, he can see clothing in hangers that’s also not his. He runs his hands over them and recognizes some of Steve’s shirts.
The few remaining brain cells Tony has left work on relearning the alphabet. “…Right. And, might I inquire—what would be the place to wear it?”
are standing, next to the small pile where Steve’s shirt lies along with his trousers. “This is awkward.”
“Are you jesting?” He snaps. His eyes are wide, seeming bigger than ever. He got that from Maria – big, unbearably inquiring eyes. “He set your horse for you every morning for years. And you’re saying you couldn’t even be bothered to learn his name?”
Steve wasted no time settling into Tony’s embrace, basking in his victory, his small body curling into Tony’s chest.
Just as the priest begins the ceremony, with a prayer in Sokovian, Steve’s enhanced hearing catches the sound of the saloon’s door opening. His head snaps towards it immediately, his hand reaching for his back in a reflexive motion to grab a shield that isn’t there.
Tony pulls Steve’s hand closer to his chest, to the reactor—he can hear Steve’s sharp inhale of breath, but his movement is certain, sure. He wants Steve to touch him there. He wants Steve to touch him everywhere.
“Nope.” Tony shakes his head, half-wondering if it would be too weird if he grabbed Steve by the shoulders and just went for it right now. “No, doesn’t sound like me.”
“Yes, it is.” He took a step forward, and from his seat Tony could see a flush descending down his neck, close to a pulsing vein. “This is now the second time you’ve insulted my marriage. I’m not interested in sticking around for the third.”
The lake, when he comes back, is exactly the same as he left it. Steve sits down, his muscles not what they used to be.
“Sorry,” he had to say, then, when the tension between him and Steve got too thick to ignore, even for someone on the outside. “We kind of just bounced bad from a really messy divorce.”
. From Stark Industries? Steve had a vague memory of watching maybe two minutes of an interview with the man in some edition of the Oscars before switching channels. There had also been a huge scandal with the company earlier that year, when they decided to stop manufacturing weapons, but Steve didn’t remember the details.
He ruminates on what Jarvis said. Only now does it dawn on him that he still doesn’t know what Tony thinks of Rogers’ proposal. However, he muses, tapping his leg against the table nervously as he waits, that’s not high on the list of concerns. Gods know Tony isn’t selective about his partners – Howard doubts there’s anything about Rogers that Tony would consider a deal breaker of any sort.
. So Tony panicked and bought him a slightly smaller bed than everyone else’s, in a sad attempt to not seem
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says, but Tony kind of needs to keep going right now, to not lose track. “But I don’t know what—”
Tony feels the sleek, hard surface of the reactor against his knuckles, only then realizing he’s clutching his chest. He shuts his eyes, drawing a longer breath.
Steve straightens his back, knowing his face is probably fully red by now. He isn’t sure of how Tony –
Tony started walking towards the couch. He had no idea what the hell he was going to do, he just knew he needed Steve to
“Apologies,” Howard says, his voice cutting as his eyes land on the chair to his right. To his frank surprise, Tony is dressed properly, in a blue waistcoat with golden embroidery and blue breeches. His posture is slightly slouched, but, as he schools his features in a serious expression and looks back at Howard with curiosity, he almost looks just as a young man on his position should. Almost. “Should I put on a jester’s hat for my next joke? Would that make it more amusing to you?”
Tony stepped forward, forgetting any common sense, and loudly knocked his foot against the side table.
Steve sits on the stool opposite Tony on the kitchen island. He fiddles with his hands. “They, uh… They seemed really… relieved.”
you? While I was in the bathroom?” Indignation curled up inside him, because what the fuck? Who comes onto someone’s husband like that?
Tony lets out a humorless laugh. Steve doesn’t reply, though, focused on slipping the shirt off of Tony’s torso. His tanned skin gleams with leftover sprinkles of water. Steve brings both ends of the towel to the middle of Tony’s chest, enveloping him in it.
