The glance away, back at the bartender, reminded John of the set up at the club where they'd been looking for Sebastian Moran. It wasn't hard to remember the flash of jealousy he'd felt then – and he was only mildly surprised to feel it again. Not for this bartender herself, but he saw some resemblance to Adler – a superficial one: long, dark hair pulled up and away from her face.
That whole time. And John hadn't had any idea.
'olmes, you 'ave email, yes?"
Keeping the business running smoothly, without any interference from their specialized competitors or from the law, was an enterprise Sherlock couldn't – and didn't – undertake on his own.
"Sherlock, I don't know what you think I can tell you that you can't figure out on your own!" she called up. "I do sketches of suspects, not analyses of materials! I'm not a crime scene person."
all that matters," Sherlock pointed out to Gabriel's grin.
He set his jaw and decided.
There was someone, though.
"Yeah," John agreed. "Me too." He managed a smile, almost feeling it. "You're not the only one who got the wrong idea."
"You can't just–"
Now he wasn't sure he wanted anything.
"You know, she – Morgan – told me I had a son who died. Thomas. That was his name. Apparently. I never remember to ask her what my wife was called. It doesn't mean anything to me. It must have done, right?"
"I walked?" he murmured. "How?"
"Why?" John asked.
Nestled between Sherlock's knees, his back resting on his husband's chest and a blanket draped over him for warmth, John watched the apparently sleepy street. For a minute, nothing happened, then a water department van drove up and a metre reader climbed out, heading for one of the houses. John frowned gingerly. What was Mycroft getting at? Is this what passed for fun for him these days?
He hadn't seen her since then, he realized. Almost seven years.
Then again, John had never asked.
There was an unease always present in the back of his mind, a shadow wrapped lightly but unshakeably around his heart. He hated the sentimentality of it, how it refused to budge in the face of logic and rationalization.
"No," Sherlock said in a distant voice. He paused, his eyes not leaving the phone's tiny screen. John waited, wondering if more was forthcoming. He was just about to ask when Sherlock said:
McKinney closed his eyes for a moment and John kept a sharp and experienced eye on him. He was getting tired and the doctor doubted they'd have much more time.
Holly nodded and John peeled off his gloves, leaving them beside the body as he pushed himself to his feet. He followed Mycroft up the stairs, Sherlock right behind him. John could feel his husband's presence and body heat and he expected to feel the light touch of a hand on his back, but Sherlock didn't get any closer to him. John couldn't tell if he was disappointed about that or not.
"Why would she–"
"When did you last eat?" Sandra asked. Sherlock stayed silent, trying to remember, and she misinterpreted his lack of response. He felt her hands curl over his and tug gently. He dropped his hands from his face and shook his head.
"Laurence was the only person who lived here," Mycroft replied.
, John thought, then shook his head at himself. It wasn't likely Riley even noticed a difference. He had no reason to think anything was missing from his room.
"I don't need anything from home."
"Coffee at this hour?"
"You're not a useless invalid, Gabe."
26 June
"Lestrade–"
"That was at the Yard, Sam. Four days ago."
John pushed his husband's left leg over his shoulder; Sherlock spread his right one to open himself as John slid a slicked finger inside. It was a familiar dance, but John still enjoyed the way Sherlock rubbed his cheek against the pillow, trying to both heighten and displace the sensation. He wished they'd thought to bring some of their toys with them – Sherlock being opened up with a vibrator was a delicious sight. John smiled as he kissed his husband again, pushing a second finger in.
since Sherlock had pieced it together that first night home, smoking a cigarette on the stairs.
John held up his hands in a pacifying gesture but nodded. Sherlock was right. He was doing it again, trying to avoid taking a stand and demanding that he be treated the way he wanted to be treated. John took a deep breath and nodded again.
"Am I done?" he murmured.
"If anyone ever displaces Henry, I think hell would freeze over," he commented.
"Did he always sit in the same place?"
"Take these. Doctor's orders. Let it dissolve it your mouth, it'll work faster. It's safe, don't worry," John added as Sherlock gave the two white pills a dubious glare. "I
"Describe your other passenger to me," he ordered, turning back to the cabbie. The man shot him a glare that Sherlock matched with one of his own, then Ajid sighed.
He let Sherlock decide.
Her body as a temple is washed clean and spoiled with your sweat
"Why doesn't that surprise me?" he asked. The shift in Sherlock's facial muscles meant he was wrinkling his nose.
Of course, he'd never call it "mucking up" and would claim that it had all been deliberately planned – while carefully avoiding eye contact.
Waste of time, but necessary and it wasn't
"It's what I need," Sherlock said simply, keeping his voice soft. "Right now."
His memory was still fragmented, mostly not there, and what he did remember tended to be small bits of information, inconsequential things.
“Of course not,” Sherlock sighed. “We have specialists for that. She
He felt vaguely guilty about it, but surely the background checks Sherlock had done on the three potential nurses had been a lot more invasive. Besides, he told himself, all employers did it now, and he wanted to know something about each woman before she came in. Sherlock could give him a detailed history right down to date and time of birth (and probably birth weight, if John felt he needed to know), but the human side was never quite captured in all the facts.
John lurched to the left when Alexandre weakened suddenly, doubling over to cough, still holding Sherlock, but barely. John and Bridget managed to stabilize Sherlock, to keep from dropping him, but it was costing them precious seconds, continuing their exposure to the smoke.
"Precisely," Sherlock answered in a clipped tone, plucking the phone from John's fingers. "Which is why I need to you to tell me where you would be if you weren't here or at work."
John raised his head again, frowning in confusion.
3 July
“If you insist,” Sherlock replied, softening the words with a slight smirk before swallowing hard when John’s hands dropped down to squeeze his ass.
Mycroft could send a jet. He's probably got one on stand by, just in case."
He couldn't protect John. Not by leaving. Not by staying. John was at risk
"Not to mention organized crime!"
translation! I just said I don't speak French! I know it's hard to listen to the sound of other people's voices–"
She smiled and greeted him brightly, and John noted that
It was all so… confusing.
She stood and picked up his empty glass from the table.
"I have something for you," he said. Sherlock nodded. The doctor paused again, then crossed the room to his suitcase which lay open on its rack and bent over it, shifting through his clothing in search of something. Sherlock enjoyed the view – John always looked amazing in jeans and the detective was glad he wore them on a regular basis. Today he was wearing a dark blue pair with a simple white cargo shirt. Sherlock enjoyed the contrasting colours and the way the shirt highlighted the tan John had acquired easily over the course of a week. It was not surprising that he tanned so readily, given his time in Afghanistan. Sherlock made a mental note that they should visit Frontignan more frequently. He liked the way John looked with darker skin.
Or any tact at all.
"Nope," John said, trailing his fingertips just under the collar of Sherlock's shirt, feeling the sudden jump of goose bumps. "This time, you're just watching."
"I have a very vivid imagination, John. Please don't feed it with images of you showering with other men."
"You get fidgety when you don't eat," Sherlock murmured vaguely, attention absorbed in emptying the bag, piling the equipment – if it could be called that – on the desk, except for the biscuits, which he stacked on one another with worrying precision.
The sound of his partner shifting, lying down on the bench just above him, was accompanied by the trail of fingertips up and down his spine, the touch drawing up goose bumps in its wake.
"Yeah," John said with a grin, spreading clotted cream on his scones, "But he only ever did that so you'd have to find him and spend time with him."
Sherlock nodded once, holding up the phone almost like a talisman.
"Seven years and you haven't noticed my exercise habits? You really must work on your observational skills, John. I
He unlocked the phone and opened the message, then took a step back from the table as if distancing himself would somehow help.
"Sherlock," John said. Sherlock grunted and kept working, eyes focussed only on the debris in front of him. One piece at a time. Evaluating the chaotic puzzle formed by the fragments of the building, judging which piece came next, how to move the blocks so that the structure would not collapse and pin anyone who may be trapped underneath.
“And when have you ever known me to waste more words than necessary?”
Jeans, a light, fitted jumper and casual flats completed the costume, masking everything that was remarkable about her appearance. Of course she'd still be attractive – there was only so much she could do about that – but she wouldn't command anyone's attention beyond a passing glance.
Sam's fingers tightened on his mug even more and he sucked in a deep, silent breath, forcing his shoulders down and back as he did so, fighting the instinct to tense, to make himself seem smaller. He kept his eyes on the wall for a long moment, then looked back at Sherlock. The detective was startled by the ferocity of the gleam there, the sudden whiteness of Sam's face.
She didn't know– Mary didn't know, no one knew, but
"I've already made my decision," he replied.
He couldn't think of another name to give her though.
"Yes, sure," she said. "I have some time. Let me get some tea of my own, won't be a moment."
there, John reminded himself, he
“Bit early for that,” John managed.
Sherlock shut the thought down, refusing to be pulled back by it, his office almost shifting back into view for a moment, shadows flickering around him the way the lantern light had in the cave ten years ago.
"The motorcycle, the–" John gestured wordlessly at Sherlock, fumbling for the right word, "you."
"Standing by the doors on his phone."
"Oh my God, did you see it?" Carrie asked when Sandra arrived.
And killing people.
The thunder was back in his partner's face, muted but still there, a silent warning to drop it now while he was ahead.
knew something. Even if it was Richard Mitchell himself. There was always a witness, even if the only witness was the victim.
"Hullo, Mrs. Hudson," John replied. "Sherlock behaving himself?"
Every sound seemed heightened now: the rush of the traffic past his window, the low rumble of the engine, the faint chatter of pedestrians as they passed.
"What's been done to it?"
"His highness wants to see you," John said. "Thinks he's found something."
John closed his eyes and kept his silence, holding Sherlock warmly and giving him the space and security he needed to properly grieve for his mother.
Shorter. Pity.
The doctor did have a very good memory. For some things.
“No,” Sherlock agreed. It was an offensive understatement to say that Irene was good at what she did – Sherlock had no doubts that she’d made all of the right connections, and the information she’d gleaned from Jim only added to that certainty.
"Why don't I take these and hang them up?" John asked. "You finish up down here. I'll order dinner while I'm at it. Thai sound all right?"
Despite that, when the phone call came from Mycroft on the second day of the new year, Sherlock wasn't surprised . Surprised by the timing, perhaps, because upon reflection, he found himself wondering why it had taken quite so long. It was rather an unpleasant thought, but he was no stranger to those.
"There's a–"
, aside from the scant information they already had, which was nearly as good as nothing.
"Let's go sit on the couch," the doctor suggested, knowing that Sherlock had passed through the jumpy stage in which he wouldn't want to be touched and would now flop all over John given half the chance. They ended up sitting with John resting between Sherlock's legs, his back pressed to his husband's chest, Sherlock's chin resting on John's shoulder, his arms around John's waist. He was absently tracing little patterns on John's stomach, which was a bit distracting for the doctor but he made himself ignore it. After nearly seven years, he'd learned to distinguish between the touches that were deliberate and those that were unconscious.
, Sherlock thought.
," John snapped, waving the letter for emphasis, "sat on your desk for months after you decided it was boring and the author was too French!"
"We only want to talk," the second man added.
"Mm, then I might not be able to keep my hands off you," she commented.
"Of course," Tricia said easily. "I wouldn't ask you if I weren't."
"Bit warm for a jumper," he commented with a slight sniff.
He made his way into the back bedroom and found them, curled against each other.
asked, once, if Sherlock wanted to talk about it. Averted eyes and a short, sharp shake of the head were answer enough to that.
They sat for a few minutes in what would pass for companionable silence to anyone else, then John nodded, clapping a hand on his knee.
"You want walk out of here? You ever want to walk again?" It was the first voice this time, low, serious. John repressed a shudder; what they'd done to Riley, they could do to him. And wouldn't leave it to chance this time.
Sherlock removed the fondue bowl from the burner, setting away from the remnant heat. John watched, eyebrows raised and arms folded, but his partner didn't look at him until he'd poured them each a generous glass of champagne.
"He awake?" John asked, although the lack of shouting for him down the stairs was probably a response.
He felt John's hand in his hair on the back of his head and the doctor's thumb tracing small, slow circles. Sherlock made a soft noise at the back of his throat and leaned his head into John's hand. In the distance, the first rumble of thunder shuddered through the clouds. It was low and quiet but carried the promise of strength and ferocity. The wind sprang up even more, as if accepting the thunder's challenge, and John drew himself away gently to shut the balcony doors.
Warmth. Exhaustion. Safety.
“Elementary deduction, really,” Sherlock sniffed. “We’ll let you know.”
Sherlock was asleep in the semi-darkness, covered up to his shoulders with the warm duvet, dark hair splashed across his pillow. The image made John smile; Mrs. Hudson had obviously come to tuck him up. Sherlock didn't usually sleep so neatly – he was either cocooned in any available blankets or half uncovered.
"Why is she texting you?" Sherlock demanded.
And he wanted kids. Sandra wanted kids, too, but not until she was at least thirty. She was twenty-four. There was so much she wanted to do, so many places she wanted to go. She wanted to travel and he didn't, not really. He was content with Britain, maybe Ireland, but that was it.
One of the flowers had been plucked from the bouquet and placed in a smaller vase on the mantle, with a simple note that read
"You're not serious," John groaned.
He'd stop smoking again, obviously. Sherlock ignored the craving for a cigarette that the thought of smoking immediately awakened; he couldn't quit if he kept it up. Plus, he had no more cigarettes and didn't want to go anywhere to buy any. He didn't want anyone to see him. He didn't want to talk to anyone who wasn't John.
There was so much noise but it seemed distant, unreal, existing so much in the background that did not matter. Sirens, voices, horns, helicopters. The sounds overlaid one another and blurred into each other, becoming a din that could be pushed away. Occasionally the voice of the woman in charge of their small team cut through this and he acknowledged her commands with a nod, never looking up. Other voices came in and out, bringing more orders, giving details of how things were progressing elsewhere.
"It's always good to see them again. They've settled into the flat well."
"Really, John," Sherlock sniffed, invading John's space by slipping his hands into the doctor's pockets, tugging him even closer, beyond what would be appropriate if anyone else stepped into the room – although, knowing Sherlock, he was probably secretly hoping for Donovan or Anderson to discomfit. "Your sister's sexual conquests are hardly my business."
He hoped so – fervently – because the last thing Sherlock needed right now was his brother intruding.
But to the Woman… he'd taunted her with it once, without realizing the cruel symmetry of it.
"Right," he said, as his sister handed him the dusted instrument to drop into the bag. "That's the lot of it."
," Georges said, which John understood well enough. Their client vanished into his kitchen, reappearing shortly with freshly brewed coffee, and John grinned again at the suspicious way Sherlock sniffed his, as if expecting poison.
Sherlock had been in her way to Mycroft, and John had been in her way to Sherlock. She’d needed something and found the simplest, most effective way of getting it. Separating Sherlock from Mycroft, and John from Sherlock.
“I thought he was supposed to consult for us,” Lestrade muttered, undoing the next padlock, then fitting the key into the lock on the door’s handle, “not order us around.”
"Only they were in here yesterday asking about him – at least I think it was him. I wasn't working, but one of the other girls told me."
"I know I wouldn't trade you," John replied. He wondered what Mycroft thought of that, if he judged it smart or stupid.
"Yeah," he said. "It's nice to have some company."
"No," Bridget said, shrugging slightly.
Almost anything would be better than this.
And it
"I think you'll find he's very good at that," Sherlock murmured. John resisted throwing a glare Sherlock's way, keeping his gaze fixed on Mycroft so as not to let his brother-in-law weasel his way out of the question.
"We are," Sherlock said, extending her a photograph of Georges. Her eyes flickered down to it, expression neutral at first, shifting almost immediately to alarm, and John shifted beside him, not touching Sherlock but the movement catching part of his awareness, reading it for the response, noting the proximity.
He probably couldn’t get away from all of it, not yet.
"Fine," Sherlock sighed. "Yes." He bent, giving John a brief kiss, a thumb tracing behind the doctor's ear. "I'll be back."
Sherlock's inbox probably wanted clearing, too, but John stayed away from that unless the need was really dire; accessing the detective's email usually resulted in retaliation in the form of hacking his blog.
"Do you know what that says?" he murmured when Sherlock joined him, a warm, soundless presence behind his good shoulder.
"How the hell did he find Sherlock?" John demanded. "Where the bloody hell did he come from?"
The shift of fingertips against his palm jolted John awake, and doctor's instincts took over, getting him up and on his feet before he was fully conscious.
It was the hardest thing he'd ever done.
If someone else found her first, it would be too easy to turn Jim's corrupted power into their own.
"What?"
She wondered, vaguely, how much Sherlock would tell John and how far that would go to explaining why she'd been providing the sleeping pills to Sherlock the entire time he'd been with John. Naturally – John would think – a doctor would be better placed to make such a decision.
It wasn't hard to peg where Laurence had been shot, given the splatter on the floor and the lower part of the walls, and Mycroft led them carefully around the worst of it. John wondered if they were contaminating any evidence or if there had already been a military forensic team here. Given that Mycroft seemed to have taken charge, he was willing to bet that Sherlock was the first expert on the scene and Mycroft was waiting until his brother was finished before letting anyone else have access.
“Greedy,” Sherlock commented, thumb turning circles on the small of John’s back.
is not a name spoken lightly," Sherlock replied. "And not one I'd like even accidentally overheard coming from my lips. When we're at home, John, and safe. Not before."
A cup of coffee – and a cigarette – made a world of difference. Whatever had caused John's dismissal this morning couldn't be related to any kind of shift in John's desire for him. That, Sherlock was certain, wouldn't have come so abruptly.
had known what she was doing.
Mycroft nodded – this presented a significant logistical problem since he could neither walk nor use crutches and he was not about to be caught in some motorized wheelchair. But he sorely missed the comforts of home and was tired of the hospital despite the relative luxury of staying in a private hospital.
But not this time.
"Who says you can't win against this Magnussen?" John asked.
"Can you sit up a bit?" John asked when Sherlock came in with a pillow and the duvet that had been stripped off the bed. Sam managed – barely – to do so enough for John to get the pillow behind his head. Sherlock spread the duvet over him as John made a quick note of how much Sam was still shaking. He was in a cold sweat and his face was pale.
"You were sleeping fine a few minutes ago," John whispered.
The hum around him nearly made him sob, aching muscles pushing him deeper into Sherlock's mouth; the detective steadied him with hands on his hips. John gritted his teeth, trying to hold desperate muscles still, unable to keep himself from pushing Sherlock's head down until he was brushing the back of the detective's throat. Fingers tightened on his hips but Sherlock didn't try to pull away, another hum making John shudder.
Hardly his fault if another friend disliked it.
All three officers and the patient froze at the same time. He locked eyes with Donovan, looking startled and confused.
He took to cleaning when he wasn't sitting on the couch because at least it got him up and moving around. The repetitiveness helped him focus on nothing, too, keeping the memories largely at bay until he felt steady enough to let them in, just for a little while.
"We think he has access to–" Mycroft began.
"Stay back," one of the paramedics warned but he was ignored and shouldered aside. Behind him he could hear John say something about being a doctor. Sherlock's eyes scanned his brother quickly – he was unconscious and badly bruised, bleeding from several wounds on his head, face, and hands. His normally immaculate clothing was torn and singed. His skin and hair were coated with dust. His right shoulder was at a bad angle, likely dislocated, and the crooked set of his nose and the blood on his upper lip suggested it was broken. Sherlock could not make out anything else, not with the clothing covering the rest of Mycroft's body and the relief hammering along with the pulse in his ears.
"I used to make brownies all the time when I was in uni."
"I do appreciate your faith in my ability to arrange this from a hospital bed, Sherlock," he said with a hint of wry humour in his voice.
He wouldn't risk it. Not John. They'd already come too close too many times. There had been gaps he hadn't seen and John's safety had slipped through them.
"Out!" he snapped. Mycroft waited a long moment, too long to be comfortable, then rose, gathering his ever-present umbrella.
"If we're going to have this miserable conversation, we could at least have it with whiskey," he muttered.
It was bound to work just as well on someone who barely knew him at all.
true, but wasn't any real praise for the coffee he'd had at the Yard. "But that reminds me, I did try that place you suggested."
"You make it sound like a collection I add to whenever I have the chance," he replied, a cool note in his voice that John saw right through, judging by the doctor's grin.
But John wasn't here.
A deeper flash of hurt crossed John's features.
"Nowhere I'd rather be."
worry about it when you're keeping illegally obtained medication and using it without any oversight,
John pressed the heels of his hands against his forehead.
"You make it sound as if they differ significantly from other roads."
He wasn't leaving Sherlock alone, not for a single second.
Now he couldn't and the fact that he could no longer speak to her lay at the crux of this entire problem. He hurt because he missed both her
"The artistic kind," Irene assured him. "I will return him without a scratch, I promise you."
"Humpty Dumpty," John replied, lowering his head again and returning the phone to the DI.
"That entirely explains why you have illegal narcotics in your home and didn't tell your partner who just happens to be a physician."
The unspoken instruction was acknowledged with a brief nod.
"I'll go, John."
"What?" John asked, the absurdity of the question catching him off guard for a moment before his tired mind caught up. "No, it's a scan, Sherlock. It means positron emission tomography. It's just computers. All right?"
"If you need me, I'll be at his flat. He has my mobile number in his phone."
"Jesus," Bridget swore before shouldering ahead of him.
"And if you can't manage?"
"How do you not know, John?" Sherlock snapped again, familiar frustration at being asked to repeat himself overlying the bright, crackling anger for just a moment. "About the Woman! How do
"I know," John said with a grin. "You always do."
Beyond that… he came up empty every time.
he added to himself – in a pinch, Sherlock would probably opt to replace his entire wardrobe rather than bother doing something as menial as chores.
It had been eight days since the explosion and, if John hadn't known better, he'd have thought a second one had occurred in their flat. He was used to dealing with Sherlock's messes, particularly when the consulting detective was on a case. There had been times when he'd had to dig his chair out of if he wanted to use it and Sherlock would make pointed comments under his breath. Normally this just meant he needed John's help.
"That's still not what I meant, though," he said. "Do you remember what you said to me about her, after it was all over and she'd told you that you'd never see her again? You told me she wouldn't come after us, but that didn't mean we couldn't go after her."
"Sam said I needed to tell you that."
"John," he said, voice careful, meeting John's gaze again, "I don't know where this is going to go."
"Lured?" John said. "Sherlock, it was a fake case–"
Did this corridor never end?
His father had chosen this to leave Sherlock, one of his favourite books, purchased for him by Sibyl before they were married, on a whim because she suspected he might like it. Because she knew him well enough to judge that.
Safe.
"Heavens, no, but not for Sherlock's lack of trying," Mrs. Hudson replied. John withheld a small sigh. He wasn't in the least bit surprised, and he was grateful Greg had stood his ground.
"Yes," Sherlock sighed as John's hand settled again, further up than it had been, fingers dragging lightly back and forth across Sherlock's inseam. He spread his legs a fraction, encouraging without being too obvious. John didn't react – at least, not much; Sherlock caught the flicker of approval in his partner's eyes.
," she replied, even though she'd requested it, and he couldn't help but be startled. If she were English she would have said yes because it was the polite thing to do. He reminded himself that she wasn't, and that she was probably not at all concerned with niceties at the moment.
"You got my message," he said by way of greeting.
But she wasn't here for him.
He was aware of Bridget's gaze alternating between them, but she was mercifully silent, impatience kept in check.
Apparently there was even going to be a very spiffy top hat.
He saw John start to protest but Sam spoke in a tight voice as if he were dragging the words from his own throat.
She gave him a slight smile and his fingers tightened around his tea mug.
She'd been invisible. Unseen because of her sex, indistinguishable because of her clothing.
He'd asked Jim that question and had asked himself repeatedly since then, refusing to let the frustration become more than mild. It was a puzzle, but not one that could be solved by becoming exasperated and trying to beat an answer out of nothing.
not understanding what John wanted because normally he read John like a book. "You insisted I take the case in April and now you insist that I stop."
"Yes," John said. He knew that. "And no."
"Depends," John said. "You were admitted on the first of December, so if you rent, you'd already have paid. If you own your own place, the bank would automatically deduct any payments you owed."
She didn't want him to go through it again, not now, not ever.
The sound of Sherlock's ring cut through the chafing banality of the programme and John felt a sharp stab of relief as he dug the mobile from his jeans pocket. Sherlock had sent a lengthy text – including a photograph of the corpse – with the customary flurry of information that had led him to the conclusion that the mystery man was also a mountain climber.
"Do you imagine I'd travel to Paris as a joke?" the detective drawled.
He nodded to whatever John said, something about pencils and flowers – but
"No," Sherlock agreed. "But someone does. And I suggest we start by finding out if anyone even tangentially connected to either of them hired Karam Sarraf to courier any messages."
"It can't be that bad, John."
"It's not enough," Sherlock interrupted, pushing himself to his feet, muscles tense as he held himself in still, poised, waiting for the tenuous connections skirting the edges of his mind to creep into his reach.
“Since Charles and I ’ave been together, I think. It’s more important now, with ’im,” he added, letting Aaron grip one of his fingers again.
Still, she'd known when Sherlock was looking into her, if only because she'd set herself up to know. Mary Morstan was a work of art, even if she did say so herself. It was a good deal more difficult than most people imagined to make sure all of the bases were properly covered without arousing any suspicions. Especially when a man like Sherlock Holmes was checking into her background. A cursory glance – or even some shallow digging – would yield nothing that seemed odd, but under such scrutiny… It was risky, no matter how well-developed the lie.
Sherlock sat back with a growl. He had told John in Edinburgh that they would be at the whims of a professional assassin and his employer. He felt a flash of regret that he had not known then how true this would be months later. They had played his little game and ended up precisely where he'd wanted them: standing over Kelsi Murray's gave, not a single step closer to knowing who had killed her.
"Fine, Mrs. Hudson," he lied through clenched teeth, aware that his voice was little more than a hiss.
He'd let himself do it, and it had been easy enough to justify with the work. A bright, shiny distraction that didn't really matter in the end, because it could be put aside for something he preferred, something he'd grown so used to he had stopped even questioning it.
Charles was, surprisingly, a rather good parent, and Irene knew that Dominique would excel at raising their son if given the opportunity. But that situation would only arise from her death, and she had no intention of allowing that to happen.
"I don't know," Sherlock said, and Lestrade was certain he wasn't imagining the distinct flicker of discomfort over the detective's features. It vanished before he could really pin it down, but it had been there. "Whatever his reasons were, I doubt he knew he was plotting his own death – you saw the office. Hardly a man who intends to be beaten. By anything."
"Have you found Bridget?" he asked. Amanda scowled, giving her head a curt shake.
He could try again another day. Something smaller, maybe. More frivolous. Another repressed sigh at that – those cases brought in money, but they did little to challenge Sherlock's intellect, to make him feel like he was clever and outpacing everyone, like he was
Gabriel Mitchell on the other hand…
John did, grinning behind his own visor as the city zipped past, the downward slope of the streets taking them toward the river. The Eiffel Tower came into view, and John made a mental note to buy them tickets when he had a moment on his phone without Sherlock paying attention – the detective might gripe and mutter, but John wanted to see it first hand, and he'd bet Sherlock had never actually been.
, he snarled at himself, the flare of anger doing nothing to dissipate the edge of tension, making it sharper instead, so much so that a familiar sound – John's footsteps, so welcome under other circumstances – made muscles tighten, put him on the defensive with another shot of unwanted adrenaline.
"Eliminates women anyway," he said with a grin. Donovan took the proffered file and skimmed its contents – nothing more than what Phillips had already told her. St. Thomas' hadn't seen it fit to fax over a picture – although since their John Doe had been attacked, a picture probably wouldn't help much.
Not any of the police officers, whom Hassard had mercifully silenced, and he could feel the weight of their gazes, lighter than John's expectations. Not a person. A thing. The floodlights made it too obvious, let gaze skitter past it without registering it. Something expected that no one saw, because it meant nothing, it looked as if it belonged.
He wasn't in the mood for his brother-in-law right now, so he burrowed deeper into the duvet and pillows and sank back into sleep.
Mary Morstan did not play games.
John shrugged, taking a sip of his tea.
Mycroft's jet. He didn't want any hidden cameras picking up an unexpected surprise. He doubted Mycroft would appreciate that much, either.
That wasn’t unusual, either – but what
At this, Sherlock's cool expression vanished and he gave an irate sigh, rolling his eyes.
But it could work in their favour, especially this time.
"Sherlock," John muttered under his breath but the detective ignored his husband. He didn't have time for niceties right now – the Met were dragging their feet on everything, slowing him down.
Sherlock sat patiently on the couch, resting against his Union Jack pillow, so worn now that it was really threadbare, but he refused to get rid of it. John didn't bother fighting it; everyone had to hang onto something, even a man like Sherlock who derided sentimentality in others. He had kept that paramedic's blanket for years, until John had finally put his foot down, when the thing had been little better than a duster. He went through bunny slippers about one pair every year to year and a half, refusing to budge, to just get a normal pair for about the house.
Sherlock cut him off with a growl, anger flaring in him, tensing his muscles, tightening in his stomach.
"It was one man, John," Sherlock sighed. "And I wasn't checking him out. I was checking into his background."
"Oh, I'm so sorry I'm not following your brilliant–"
Which didn't mean it wasn't about Adler – a superficial resemblance might be a means of pointing Mary in the right direction, although she could scarcely fathom why. The Woman's connection to Sherlock was an obvious one, both dangerous and enigmatic, something the detective craved and something Mary so disdained. She'd taken care to distance herself from Jim Moriarty by the time Irene Adler had insinuated herself into the periphery of Mary's world, and was far too cautious to pursue someone that high profile, even if she'd had those inclinations.
"He was particularly disinclined to accompany me here to the beach," Sherlock commented. "He would suggest any number of other activities that didn't involve leaving the house and I would find a way to escape his attention and come down here on my own."
"Possible but unlikely. Both too broad a category and too narrow. Why
Alone.
. He heard the words repeated as a rhythm that matched the pulse of his own heart.
"I don't know!" John retorted. "She hasn't said here, has she? I mean, unless she sent me other texts that you've deleted for some reason."
“I do,” Sherlock countered. “I am, quite simply, the best man for the job.”
Here, Sherlock was always fussed over and pampered, something John knew he loved, but this wasn't false attention based on how much he could pay. Pierre made a healthy sum from each of Sherlock's suits, but it was well-deserved, and a lot of professional pride went into them.
, she told herself.
Sherlock lowered the mug and stared at the steaming liquid. He was silent for a long moment, then recounted the fight in a flat voice that masked the fear and desperation that twisted in his stomach. He'd never felt like this before – never felt so terrified of losing John. Not even when John had first caught him smoking and had gone over to Tricia's. Then he said he'd be back. This time he'd just left. He couldn't close his eyes – each time he did, he saw John getting into the cab, John looking back at him blankly.
"It doesn't have to be big," Sherlock said with a twitch of his lips and John rolled his eyes. "If you want to make yourself useful, look around this room. But if you feel dizzy at all,
"Good," Sherlock huffed, mollified. "Our train schedule gives us approximately sixteen more hours. Tell me, Doctor Watson, what do you intend for us to do with all that time?"
He'd made John shout today – but in hurt and anger. The sound of John yelling at him rushed back to him, drowning out everything else. Sherlock hugged arms around himself and leaned forward even more, staring the floor, a small moan escaping his lips. He wanted to curl up and not move, but everything here reminded him of John. The sights, the smells, the lack of sounds. Each breath made him inhale John's scent in the bed and seared his lungs. His eyes stung and he squeezed them shut, refusing to give in.
"It's me!" Bridget said, letting go now to block her eyes with her arm. "John, it's me!"
Working against the numbness in his fingers, John pulled up his hood. With his head down, it would hide the worst of it. His slow pace could be mistaken for anything – ambling, laziness, drunkenness. It didn't matter, as long as it got him home. One foot in front of the other, eyes on pavement that was unfamiliar if only because he didn't normally look down when he walked.
"Sarah!" he greeted as she wound through the tables to join them and Tricia twisted in her seat to look up in surprise. Tricia knew who Sarah was, of course, but by the time Tricia had returned from her second tour in Afghanistan, John and Sarah had long since parted ways.
“You’re
"This is good right here," the doctor said. Sherlock smirked, tilting his head back slightly and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. But he took half a step forward, folding John into his arms and resting his chin against the top of John's head. John dropped both his arms to wrap them around Sherlock's waist. He felt the smooth slide of silk against his skin and inhaled the subtle cologne mixed with the scent that was just Sherlock.
Carefully, as if she might explode, Sherlock picked the girl up, settling her on one knee and patting her vaguely on the back in a way that told John he'd seen it done and suspected it was the right thing to do.
Seeing Adler’s body wasn’t going to be good for Sherlock, at least in John’s opinion, but he knew his partner well enough to know that in this – unlike most things – Sherlock didn’t give a damn about what John thought.
Sam clamped down hard on that. The three of them were still frozen in their tableau, Sam glaring at Sherlock, Sherlock staring at him, Sandra standing behind Sam. He glanced over his shoulder quickly to make sure she was all right, then swung his gaze back to Sherlock.
But John had walked out. Had left him.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. Blue eyes raked over his features, and Sherlock let John see the truth to that statement.
Even if he did catch Sherlock glancing over his shoulder at the street. It was only when the detective turned, pausing mid-stride, that John brought it up.
, you idiot. I meant for you and Sherlock. In case you'd like to get away for a bit. From everything."
"That I do," he agreed. "Do you want me to call you Sibyl?"
"I don't know," Sam growled. "I want to find out. This happened to me, Sherlock. It's not going to go away, no matter how much I want it to. No matter how much you want it to. You were there. Do this for me." Sherlock opened his mouth to interject but Sam shook his head and beat him to it. "Please."
"Want to tell me about the watches?" John asked, not missing the sudden gleam in Sherlock's grey eyes, the proud smirk that tugged at his lips.
"But Henry does have family," John pointed out. Tricia's father was still alive, but was not a good choice, living in assisted housing as he did.
The apology took John by surprised, and he shook his head, holding up a hand.
"You don't want to?" Sherlock asked.
"He can't know yet," John pointed out. "We haven't got any irritated texts or calls."
"Get up," he ordered, not caring how harsh the order was – he couldn't drag Sherlock and Alexandre out and knew the choice he'd make if forced to.
"'Morning," Hassard said, reality returned with the sound of her voice. Late morning for her – same pale circles under her eyes that Lestrade had, nothing serious, signs of long hours of work that went with the job. Pausing in the act of writing something, left handed. In need of a coffee but wouldn't take one to add to the three she'd already had or there'd be caffeine jitters and the note taking would suffer, although not as much as the concentration.
"Nope," John contradicted. "Say it." Sherlock arched an eyebrow but John held firm with his very best captain's glower. Sherlock resisted shifting, aware that the expression worked better on him now than it ought to.
"You smell of hospital disinfectant – not strongly, so you were just there long enough to pick up that rather unfortunate scent. You will have to shower before bed, you know."
"Tell me," Sherlock ordered, his voice muffled against John's stomach.
"Yes."
there. Solid. Real. He'd been in their bed that morning, he'd been with Sherlock at the Yard and in the cab and at Lassalle's. He was here now, some understanding flickering through his blue eyes, and Sherlock loathed the fact that it was John who took a step forward to close the gap between them, John who reached out and caught his wrist, John's fingers that tightened with a brief, reassuring squeeze.
It had taken some adjustment at first, but Sherlock now found the idea of sleeping without it unappealing.
"Says the man who had the same lover for over two years without ever entering into an actual relationship?" John replied, arching his eyebrows.
"Then why meet me?" he demanded. Mary didn't bother pointing out he'd also chosen to come, and gestured again at the chair.
Sherlock had told John once, years ago, that there were no heroes and if there were, that he wouldn't be one. But he'd rid the world of James Moriarty without hesitating. Even though he could have kept playing the man's dangerous game. Even though he had been enthralled by the prospect of having an opponent so equally matched.
"Mister Holmes, Mister Watson?" she said, looking between them.
Now the two covering him did raise their guns, their eyes following his movements, their weapons steady. The sergeant to whom John had been speaking gave a curt nod, kept his own weapon down, and watched John intently. John moved slowly and deliberately, pulling his wallet from his back pocket and extending his driver's licence. The sergeant stepped forward, accepted it, and stepped back. He scrutinized it, then at John, before handing it back.
A slow pace tracing the path between the main lifts and the service lift. Barred, rectangular entrances, brushed steel or painted into anonymity. Stairs marked with a "way out" sign that announced their presence, key card reader undamaged here. Burnished metallic glint of two lifts. Lift service access doors, maintenance closets.
"I'm going to send someone," Mary said curtly. "I need someone I can trust working with you on this, and I intend to keep the last promise I made to you – you will not ever see me again. John's been quiet throughout this conversation, but I imagine he wouldn't tolerate my presence very long."
Something hard, stiff, unyielding. Shifting so his back was stretched against it. Blossom of pain in his head, murmured protest.
Mary made a mental note to find out that bit of information. It was probably useless, but it would niggle at her if she didn't.
He raised an eyebrow and she circled the bed, looking sadly at the two men lying there, and tapped the bin with her foot.
He was cut off when John threw his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and crushed the detective to him, fingers digging almost painfully into Sherlock’s back. Sherlock blinked, mind stuttering maddeningly under the shock, and he nearly pulled away, alarmed, when John’s gasping breaths dissolved very suddenly to sobs.
And lived in London.
“She doesn’t get to make that decision,” he said. “She doesn’t have the right. No one does. Okay?”
"Nothing," he repeated, breathing hard around the focused pain in his skull, fingers on his left hand twitching, closing into a fist, itching to reach for his phone. So close. Sherlock could be there in two minutes.
"I don't know what to say," Sherlock hissed in a low voice, hating the admission but not wanting to waste time. They needed to draw Sam out of this as quickly as possible.
Donovan took some time to get updates from her officers on their various cases. She made sure everyone was keeping an eye on new incoming reports; it was almost time for schools to be letting out for the day, which meant a large number of children potentially at risk. Part of her didn't like that she thought that way but she'd been a police officer for so long that it had become standard.
"It was so long ago. And you were so worried about Sherlock."
25 June
Donovan nodded.
"Don't you dare–"
"Do the autopsy and the toxicology," he said, voice clipped, all business again, no outward hint of the anger –
“Nope,” Mary replied pleasantly, dropping her phone into her coat pocket. “I’m going for drinks with a friend. It can wait. Shall we?”
"No," he whispered.
"Do you know why we brought Riley in for questioning in the first place, Doctor?" she asked. "No, of course you don't. Even if he could have told you, he wouldn't have."
"Don't worry," John said, winding his arms around his partner's waist. "I intend to give Irene my full attention."
"We don't fit well on the sofa at the best of times," he pointed out.
Except it wasn’t, he knew it wasn’t, even as he obeyed John’s instruction to observe those around him. John’s reasoning behind that was obvious – it kept Sherlock occupied and alerted both of them to any potential threats.
Victor was the connection here, but not at all in the way Sherlock had anticipated; the contents of the envelope were not information on their mysterious Russian, but a gold embossed rectangle of card stock, with a neat tick next to the 'attending plus one' option of the RSVP card.
John caught the cabbie's eyes flicker up to meet his in the rear-view mirror and covered his face with a hand, half hoping to conceal the sudden heat in his cheeks and hide himself from the pointed look.
"No," he admitted. "No, I can't imagine he would. But– that–" he gestured uselessly back to McKinney's room.
It made no difference.
, but only because she loved the fight scenes and she'd cheer for Gaston, which was clearly stupid. He was the bad guy! Jo would just shrug when Sandra pointed that out, saying:
The Personal Blog of
And Alexandre Georges.
“Extraordinarily brilliant,” he said, scissoring gently, relishing the way Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed, the way fingertips tightened, digging into his back.
"I heard you had some cases today," John commented, trailing his fingertips down the outside of Sherlock's thigh, the touch warm but not enough to do anything – they'd both learned quickly what Sherlock's body still couldn't handle. He felt a flash of regret immediately smothered; some things
And he had no real reason to be suspicious of Morstan. Sherlock had a significant blind spot when it came to John, but not when it came to John's safety.
But perfume. Vanilla.
"He's not," Sherlock assured him. "If he were, Mycroft would have told me and me alone."
"Coffee's fine," John said, speaking for both of them as Sherlock shook himself back with a general glare. "Black with two sugars for him, milk and no sugar for me."
Sherlock's lips curled in distaste but Sam didn't move, standing in front of the detective with the plate in hand, a pointed look on his face. Sherlock wavered inwardly for a long minute, then sighed to admit defeat with bad grace and took the food. He ate slowly, glaring at Sam the whole time, but the Interpol agent just sat back down on the coffee table, seemingly unbothered by the fact that this was not an appropriate place to sit. He watched Sherlock eat as though keeping score.
"If you're staying, them I'm clocking out," she replied.
She, on the other hand… She'd simply taken John away, to show Sherlock what would happen.
She smiled and took another sip of her coffee, enjoying the contrast of the warm liquid against the cold air.
John had him in under a second, grimacing at the effort of keeping Sherlock upright and balancing the IV stand carefully enough with his shoulder that he could push it back up, managing to get one foot on it to keep it stable. Once it was steady, John gave it no more thought, hauling Sherlock up right before helping the detective slump onto the bed, alarmed at how badly Sherlock was shaking.
“One bag is for your homeless network,” John said, and felt it lacked completely in any relevance. “I’m sorry. I should have asked.”
bodyguards!”
"And he never got anything else?"
He’d never thought about it before, and he was sure that what he knew about whatever had happened to Sherlock in Pakistan only scratched the surface, but John himself had scars from the bullet he’d taken to the shoulder. Presumably his partner hadn’t been shot, but something traumatic had happened. Something that probably could have left scars.
It had been so promising, too. He felt cheated and slouched down further, shooting John an angry glare. John gave an exasperated sigh in return, expression demanding that Sherlock be reasonable, but what John considered reason was often simply pandering and overly patient. He'd been close,
father; Charles was the definition of unflappable, and Irene couldn't recall a time when she'd seen him genuinely upset or off-balance.
Sherlock closed his eyes, wondering if John regretted it.
Sherlock had, after all,
But he managed to push himself to a somewhat straighter sitting position when Sherlock entered the room. Mycroft gestured for some water and Sherlock gave it to him without comment.
"Sherlock?" he asked as Sherlock strode toward him then past him, jaw set, eyes blazing.
"I checked on him not ten minutes ago," Mrs. Hudson replied. "Out like a light."
Sandra called Stephen to let him know.
John kissed him lightly on the lips and had pulled away almost before Sherlock was aware of it.
John smiled, giving Sherlock a last, quick kiss before he settled down, feeling sleep creeping back into his mind and muscles.
"I had to go to a few more places than usual. It took longer than I thought. And my battery died."
“Well, I don’t suppose that piece of toast I had this morning will get me very far.”
"S'all right," John replied drowsily. "Everything okay?"
"She was the driver, John, not the shooter. It would be inefficient to attempt both, particularly in central London."
Sam snorted and the sound made Sherlock's eyes flicker back with irritation. Sam held his gaze hard, green eyes locked with grey and Sherlock scowled, trying to get Sam to back down, to let the matter drop.
Nope.
"Ow," Sherlock protested, muscles in his arms twitching with the urge to rub his jaw.
Sherlock frowned at him but John had no intention of letting his husband go get Sandra. He was not especially well versed in tact and the immediate need for a doctor here had passed.
"You were hit in the head. You'll be all right."
"She can't be behind everything, Sherlock. Neither of them can be, really. But if she is–
Riley nodded vaguely, looking only tired and resigned. He fiddled with the package of HobNobs until John offered to open it, then nibbled at a biscuit.
"Who was it?" he asked, turning his gaze to meet John's. "Who did this?"
Then he had taken out some cash to buy a pack, telling himself he'd only smoke one or two, and had found himself a spot on the roof of their flat and had gone through the pack in three days.
She would have to go very carefully; even with Jim safely tucked away in a secret prison below London, pursuing this could create problems.
And he
"Yes," Sherlock replied, nodding slowly. He kept his eyes on his phone a moment longer then snapped his gaze up to John. "Why didn't William McKinney ever mention this?"
"Sherlock!" Mycroft's voice echoed, augmented by the marble flooring, as he strode toward them. Sherlock snarled again; John ignored them both, clicking on the link on his phone, eyes widening when the YouTube video began to play.
"Now why would I do that?" John murmured, turning his head just enough for his breath to brush Sherlock's ear. "I think you need distracting from this frankly bizarre fantasy."
"You play dead for nine months and you think a little thing like this is going to put me off?"
"Are you sure this is wise?" he hissed. "That she should be alone with Sam right now?"
"He doesn't
. He'd never say it, mostly because Sherlock would continue to deny it, but Sherlock wouldn't be Sherlock if he didn't know exactly where Moriarty was and what he was doing.
"Yes," he replied, meeting John's gaze again. "Thank you," he added after a moment's hesitation. It was inadequate to express how reassuring it was to know the option was open to him again, that when the memories overtook him, leaving him desperate and rung out, he'd be able to escape.
"Better get it," John said.
"You might as well come up," he said, beckoning with his good arm and leading the way up the stairs. Harry appeared in the doorway, drying her hands on a towel, and both women paused, surprised.
Alone in the waiting room, Mary allowed herself a small smile and a moment to feel pleased with the opportunity Mitchell had unknowingly given her.
"Thank you," he whispered when they pulled apart, resting his forehead against hers. "I love you."
Sherlock glowered, refusing to be put off.
"What?" John demanded.
"I don't want
Signs of recent life remained. The place had been abandoned, apparently in a hurry. That had to have been within the last two days; any longer, and this place would begin to fill up again, bodies or not. The police presence would delay any return, but only briefly.
They made their way to the lifts, Sherlock ignoring the twinges and aches in his muscles. Judging by John's stiff gait, he was having a more difficult time doing so and Sherlock hoped his husband's left shoulder wasn't bothering him. At any other time, he would have happily stopped what he was doing to work some of the stiffness out of John's muscles for him, but they were on a case. There was work to be done.
"We don't," Sherlock confirmed, feeling the heat of the warning glare from John, but they had little choice. Dancing around the truth only wasted time, and he still trusted Mary enough not to interfere with them unless they presented a direct threat.
Sherlock scowled to himself.
a threat out there, in the shape of Janine Hawkins – or Jennifer O’Haughan – an unknown quantity linked to the most instable threat they’d ever faced.
"Why is she here?" Sherlock hissed. "Not here," he jabbed a finger in the small space between them, "
It certainly had for Mitchell. There wasn't much indication he kept in touch with his own family, some cursory contact with his mother and sister, more obligatory than affectionate. Nothing with his father.
He'd misread Sherlock entirely. His reactions. The reasons behind them.
"They are
3 July
"Hardly," Sherlock replied. "And he thought she was dead." They all had – Sherlock had seen to the perpetuation of that lie, and the flare of anger in John's eyes was enough to remind him of the damage that had done.
"Yes. The results from the tips line, Mycroft. All of it – all the good stuff I mean. I want whatever they got that led anywhere. And," he took a deep breath, deciding to out on a limb, "I want access to the police files from the murder twelve years ago."
"Anything else on the table? How about chairs?"
Sherlock glanced away again, his grey eyes focused on some point over John's shoulder. He was more tense now, his expression tight around the edges, but John could see that he was deliberately keeping himself from shutting down altogether.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, unable to keep it steady.
The order came again, a sharp captain's command that left no room for disobeying – but Sherlock found some anyway, dragging a pillow over his head.
And that he might not always win.
What he hadn't expected was for Sherlock to put the cigarette he'd been holding to his lips and light up in the living room.
"Brilliant," John sighed and Sherlock smiled slightly. For a man who had lived several years at army bases in Afghanistan, he had an astonishingly low tolerance for when the power went out here, which it did here on an occasional basis when the storms hit.
"Got it!"
John thought,
important – people needed to be guided in what they saw, after all – but one's own comfort was far more important. She would never have tolerated living anywhere with only superficial appeal, and it pleased her that her target appeared to think the same.
“Apart from it being Jim’s sister, you mean.”
She'd learned long ago to trust her instinct. There was a lose thread here, and it needed to be pulled.
There had been no decision beyond the obvious one – for John to ask and for Sherlock to say yes. There had been no choice of each other over family. There had been no pain, no loss, no unanswered questions.
Sherlock joined him, earning a surprised look.
"You think they stored him down here to thaw out?" John asked.
Sherlock didn't deign to reply, arching an eyebrow instead.
"I'll call you soon," John promised, giving her a quick kiss on the cheek before she left.
Concentration on the case was essential. It was hardly inconvenient to help his focus by providing him with some kind continued contact with John.
He understood Mary as much as he’d understood any of his opponents, as much as Moriarty or the Woman. Not in precisely the same way, because the connection wasn’t really there, or wasn’t really the same – Moriarty was like him on levels that transcended rationality and stirred no small amount of unease when Sherlock thought about it. Moriarty had been
Of course it wouldn't have escaped Sherlock's notice that John got something out of this gift, too.
"You're my brother. Of course it's my business."
“Tea,” John said once he’d finished, more of a pronouncement than a question. Sherlock nodded, fidgetting slightly, but stayed seated on the sofa when John gave him a warning look. The doctor went into the kitchen, trying not to stalk, and flipped on the faucet, taking a moment for a long, deep breath, fingers curling around the edge of the counter.
John lay still, the trapped breath and strained hearing an old reflex from the army. In Afghanistan, it might have been something critical that woke him – incoming wounded that meant he was in for a bomb blast, gunfire, a midnight shift in surgery.
“Indescribably brilliant.”
He felt Sherlock nod against him and wondered briefly how long it had taken the detective to spot that. As John watched, Riley climbed into his van and drove away, the video ending almost as he was out of the frame. John didn't hesitate, but opened the next video file Mycroft had included.
John stared at him, disbelieving, before a storm chased itself across his face.
"If I'm going to do this, it has to be now," he said.
He'd made himself vulnerable to that kind of temptation too many times – but he'd made himself more vulnerable through John.
, he thought.
Sherlock stared at the door for a moment, then sank into his chair, putting his head into his hands. He stayed that way for twenty minutes, arguing with himself, fighting, tightening his fingers in his hair to offset the craving, to try and reassert some will power.
"This way you've caught him in the act," Sherlock replied coolly. "And you've got both killers at the same time. Neither of them has time to prepare, and both of them know the other's in custody."
"I fail to see why this is so funny," Sherlock said in a cold voice. John dropped his head and shook it, still grinning.
And Mary was still out there.
Mycroft sighed again, leaning forward, hands clasped loosely between his knees.
And Mycroft had sent him there.
And ample opportunity to return it before Sherlock had come home.
"No," Mycroft said again, pursing his lips. He sighed and stepped fully into the room, shutting the door and then heading for the window.
Despite himself, John felt a twinge of amusement curling the corners of his lips as he pushed the door open, eyes sweeping over the recumbent figure buried under the duvet and the pillows in his old bed.
"Yes," she replied. "I will see you soon. Take care of him."
"I'd appreciate anything you could tell me."
"John, I don't want anything to do with the NHS," Sherlock said, ignoring the paramedics altogether.
"Go on," he said. "Try it on."
He followed the path the paramedics cut for them, grateful to hand that responsibility off to someone else, and focused on talking to Sherlock, on keeping the detective as conscious as he could be while trying not to think about what had happened.
“I hope you’re right,” Hassard said, shooting him a dark look as they left the lights behind.
"What?" Sherlock snapped.
"We still have nearly a full bottle of champagne," he pointed out. "Not to mention the fondue and the fruit."
“Oh, and your sister works in a flower shop somewhere near here.”
"No."
just a part-time nurse and nothing more, but she had arrived on-scene shortly after the dinner at Mycroft’s, and around the time that Janine Hawkins became known to them. It was probably just a coincidence – after all, John really had needed a nurse for some time, and it frankly surprised Irene that Sherlock’s limited patience for John being bogged down by work hadn’t run out any sooner.
"It's all right," he murmured.
"Ah, he
A sixteen year old boy spotted at random at a symphony gala, scoped up immediately, moulded and directed to fill all of that potential that might otherwise have gone to waste. Mary recognized the relationship for what it was, a mix of mentorship and brotherhood. The kind that became family and could, occasionally, surpass family.
"He was sitting on the parapet before he was pushed off," Sherlock explained. He pushed himself to standing, stripping off his sterile gloves. "It explains the position in which he landed – he was sitting facing away from the bridge. And here we are, unable to put him back together again. However, we
"Can you tell me how you got here?"
His fingers closed over something unfamiliar, skin registering the cool, heavy touch of metal as his brain tried to make sense of the weight and shape. A frown creased his features, unnoticed, as he withdrew the item from his pocket.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, and Irene let the glare slide right past her.
"I do not cook on demand," he snapped and Sam felt his lips twitch at all of the misplaced affronted dignity in Sherlock's voice.
Sherlock yanked off the blasted safety glasses and clambered over the rubble, moving as fast as he could. He could hear John's harsh breathing as he sought to keep up but didn't slow his own pace. He cleared the worst of the debris and started running, scrambling between two ruined vehicles, nearly tripping on a bumper that lay on the ground, just managing to right himself.
“But I haven’t even seen it!”
"Amanda, you look shattered," John said bluntly. She gave him a wry look but nodded.
drag me into this, and what would you prefer? That this Magnussen catches me unawares – or worse, that I somehow compromise you because you kept me in the dark?"
"John was in the military. You should know that you don't send the officers in first."
"Does it matter?" she asked, not unkindly. "Last year, this year, next year. Does the timing really matter?"
Sherlock's lips parted and John could see the ready retort, that Mycroft would deal with any financial details, but it was withheld as Sherlock pursed his lips, grey eyes skittering away.
Bridget held up a hand, the appeal for calm sending a shock of anger through John that he swallowed on, hard.
"I think I can talk my way out of any problems that might arise from patrol officers being sent round," Sherlock replied dryly, checking a window expertly, giving a triumphant hiss when it eased open reluctantly under his grasp. "If not, Lestrade will take care of it."
"But we're both here," he pointed out.
"Coffee? I may 'ave some tea…"
have an addictive personality, Sherlock! You know that – you yourself have admitted it more than once–"
"We'll start by canvassing the places his most recent emails come from," Hassard said.
"Sherlock– please– ohgodplease–"
"Neither do I," John said with a sigh. "But that's how it works. If we really want to fix things."
"To watch the video," John replied shortly.
"And that would leave you equally bereft," Sherlock pointed out.
"Great," John sighed. "So what? You're the genius detective, you must have some plan."
How much had John had, he wondered suddenly, to go through the recovery from his war injury on his own?
He endured a phone call from his mother – far less onerous than Mycroft's imposition and certainly less delicate than his conversation with John was going to be. Sibyl didn't know all of the details of the… incident in Pakistan, of course, but she knew enough and it would have been impossible to hide the extent of his injuries.
Lestrade gave an exasperated sigh and Sherlock felt John stiffen and shift beside him. He strode away from the DI and hoped he wouldn't run into Anderson on the way out of the Yard – he'd wasted enough time already.
"What? Why would he do that? And where is he from?"
"Sorry, I shouldn't have–"
She drummed her nails absently on the desk, turning away from the monitor, gazing at nothing.
"Thank you, constable," she replied. He left and she took a minute to refocus herself before heading up to see her boss, already planning how she would explain this whole bloody mess to him.
He was just toying with them again. Probably not even with them, but with Mycroft. "Holmes" didn't have to be Sherlock, after all.
Still it took time; those he'd plucked from the wreckage of Jim's empire weren't good at trust, especially not when Jim's name came up again, nothing more than a whisper, but as good as a threat to them. Sherlock was patient, always aware of the clock ticking down the hours and minutes at the back of his mind, but waiting paid off.
your name. I'm not trying to make you feel guilty. I just want to remember it. I want to keep it alive in our family."
"Mycroft, try and remember as much as you can regarding the explosion and have Anthea arrange for us to meet with the Speaker if you can't do it from here. Come on, John, we have work to do."
"I know," Lestrade replied.
He paused again, considering.
"Yes," Sherlock repeated. "But Mycroft knew the code. You gave Mycroft's people access to your office. And our flat."
He scowled, annoyed with Lestrade. This was all his fault.
"I didn't even know he was missing," she said. "We haven't had him in Dublin in years. And it's been a month since I've spoken to him myself."
"The cabbie?" John asked, confusion coursing through him. He had a moment's disorientation, as if seven years had been removed – of
worth the wait.
"That's lots," she said.
In these moments, John longed for life to go back to normal. To rewind everything back to the day before Moriarty broke into the Tower, to let them settle back into their routine and their ignorance of what was to come.
Mycroft closed his eyes, drawing a deep breath to banish the thought. It was a distraction, a fantasy buoyed by the rage, and it served no purpose.
anyone missed him? Surely someone would have noticed by now. Far too long a delay replying to a text or an email, a lack of a status update, failure to show up for work or for social plans made in advance.
John nodded again. He didn't want to go into details about Tricia's brother Jeremy, or about Harry, because Josephine was still too young to understand the discord that lay in those relationships before they ended.
The villa was unoccupied except for the small staff – it still seemed strange to John that the place was inhabited year round by people who were paid to take care of it. Of course Sherlock didn't think it was odd, but he'd grown up like this. They were welcomed warmly but without any overbearing fussing and when they went to their suite, there was a light tea of freshly baked bread, cheeses, fruit, and Frontignan Muscat waiting for them. They left their suitcases on the bed and John took the tray of food and wine out onto the private balcony. Sherlock was right behind him, but John didn't fail to note that he'd taken a moment to open his bag and find one of the tubes of lube they'd packed.
From the gleam in John's eye, his partner had caught them, too.
"Right, stop right now," Lestrade interjected quickly, and Sherlock drew himself up a bit straighter, feeling a twinge of satisfaction that Donovan hadn't been allowed her obvious comment about how he wouldn't work for them if she were in charge. The glower John shot him deflated him somewhat – it wasn't just John taking Donovan's side, but directing real anger at him.
"Oh," the detective hissed and grinned a brief, brittle grin.
"Do you know what year it is?" John asked.
"We aren't on a need-to-know basis, Sherlock," Cheryl said. "We need to know everything."
, the one thing at which he truly excelled, that set him apart from the seething mass of humanity with whom he had to share the city, then he wouldn’t have sent John spiralling over this cliff, terror swallowing the reality that Sherlock was fine (now), that nothing untoward had befallen him.
Sherlock nodded vaguely, filing the information away. It meant the killers had reliable access on this side, too. Possibly another accomplice, more likely working knowledge of the schedule that brought people down here. Fewer links in the chain.
"Oh– are you sure?"
"In a few minutes," Sherlock promised. He took John's left arm and wound it round his back. John rested his hand on Sherlock's mid back then let it drop to the small of the back and received an irritated look.
"Sherlock," John said, patiently but firmly.
Back at the house, they packed up their suitcases and John checked the dresser and bedside table drawers for anything they may have forgotten. He saw Sherlock rummaging through the desk and looked over curiously. The detective had pulled out two of the emergency candles and was weighing them thoughtfully in his right hand. John swallowed hard and a grin split Sherlock's lips. He looked up, meeting John's gaze with dancing grey eyes.
"Oh. Right." Doe sighed again, shaking his head slightly. John felt a moment of stronger sympathy for him – whoever he was, he seemed to have led a quiet, almost lonely life. But something about that didn't sit well with John. There had to be someone out there – other than a waitress in a pub – who knew him.
She paused, considering him again. "Can I ask you something? Are you sorry?"
something – chase after John, head him off in the car park, follow him to work, storm into John's office, demand the doctor explain himself so Sherlock could resolve the situation.
people were idiots. There was a small but select group who were not, or at least who only had brief moments of idiocy that could be forgiven and dismissed because they were, after all, still human.
, Sherlock thought.
"Perhaps I should have your fathers come and visit again," she said. Aaron's eyes flickered to her then away again as he managed to grasp a crinkly toy. "Or your grandfather. Although maybe not at the same time."
Information she’d been waiting for, a name that had been dangerously difficult to come by, but not something she could respond to right now, not without letting John down.
But the former Met sergeant had been on to something.
Which was, he suspected, why she was there that morning.
Georges hadn't been a mystery to him – confusing, yes, but Sherlock had been able to read all the author's signs, even if he hadn't known what to make of them.
"Do we have candles back at the flat?" he asked.
– not really. Not ever.
"Not as far as I know."
, the dry almost-amusement and confusion that mixed into John’s expression.
John came home to an empty flat, which was unexpected if only because he hadn't received the flurry of texts from Sherlock that usually accompanied him having a case and wanting John's opinion on some detail or just wanting John to join him. Sherlock liked to try and wear down John's resolve, make him leave work early, and somehow counted it as a victory when John joined him after finishing his day at the surgery.
"They did, yeah. Olivia loved the boat, of course. And the lake. And the playground. Everything, really. David, too."
He would close his eyes, he decided. Go away again. Leave them to dance – or not to dance, it didn't matter, wasn't important, it had–
It always struck him as strange and very, very opulent – this much space, this much luxury. It made him remember his tiny shared bunk at Bastion, or nights spent sleeping in a ditch for cover, cold and miserable, taking watch shifts to keep from being ambushed. Everything here felt so far from the rest of the world, especially now, when it was just the two of them. It made him sad to realize Sibyl would never come back here, and he suddenly wished he'd properly considered the suggestion to holiday in Frontignan. How many memories did Sherlock have of coming here for family holidays? Had he deleted them or saved them to some remote corner of his brain?
Marian had told their mother what was happening but had also insisted she wait until Sam called her before visiting. Sam appreciated that – he couldn't stand to see the pain in her eyes because it was compounded by guilt. She thought she was supposed to be able to protect him, her baby. He hated seeing her hurt because of him.
"Oh god," Sherlock moaned, dropping his head back again. John ran his free hand over Sherlock's cock, feeling it twitch under his touch, a damp spot already formed on the dark wool of his trousers. "Please–"
"Consider it an early Christmas present," he snapped, all the brittle humour gone from his face. "Do something intelligent with them, won't you? Surprise me, for once."
"Well, what about the snow?" John asked. "Was it on the ground or falling?"
John stepped forward and joined his husband who turned to fall into step with him again, then paused, frowning. He fished his phone out of his jacket pocket and John froze with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“Do you know Dominique has bodyguards?” he demanded.
"There should be some candles in the middle drawer in the desk," Sherlock replied. He stood as well, following John more confidently, his eyes adjusting to the light that was decreasing rapidly as the storm moved toward them. John was shuffling in the desk drawers now, causing pens and other items to rattle about. The thunder rolled again, ever closer.
"What was that?" John asked as they strode out of the hospital. He was hurrying to keep up with Sherlock's quick pace, looking up at the detective, squinting slightly in the weak December sun.
"Someone could be waiting on an opportunity–"
John didn’t mind the work that brought in, but it was relaxing not to have people stare.
He thought about putting on his headphones and listening to music – listening to the music that had been playing on the bridge five years ago. Now that he knew what it was, he thought about playing it every day, several times an hour. But he could not work up the courage. Talking to Sherlock had brought back more memories and slotted some of the disjointed ones into place. Sam couldn't imagine what listening to the piece would do.
But a man's life was at stake, and John knew that. He would make sure Harry understood it, too.
7 August
Sherlock's eyes narrowed dangerously, flashing brightly.
"Alexandre, can you do this?" John asked.
It was a lesson she’d first learned on the stage, one that had served her well throughout the rest of her varied career. She had learned to wait, standing in the wings, watching and listening for her cue. She had learned when to approach a potential client, how often to permit her clients to engage her services. When to confront a young British man hot on her trail at the behest of his brother, who was displeased by the high profile of one of her clients. When to take that same young British man up on his offer to head his organization in Dublin, and when to intervene in a desert at midnight to ensure there was a position left for her to take.
, nor Hassard, nor any of the others. No one he could wheedle for information. No one who needed his assistance – no, no one who
A faint creak of floorboards told John he was no longer alone and he looked up to see Sherlock's pale form stepping into the darkness and shadows in the living room. He crossed the floor almost silently and knelt down in front of John. The barest smile tugged at the doctor's lips – no matter what, that action caused some reaction, even if the flicker of desire dulled before it really formed.
"What is it then?"
"What did he say about it?"
He needed someone who would do the job not just for the job. And not just because he'd told her to.
"Baker Street," he muttered in reply, then sighed when John squeezed his hand. "221B Baker Street."
," Sherlock corrected.
"Really, John?" he asked, his lips stretching into a smile. John looked up quickly, surprise in his features. Surprise and arousal. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and John actually blushed. "Seven years and you had no idea?" he asked. It was the only explanation – John would have told him otherwise.
It should have annoyed him that it was so difficult to resist John's desires, but Sherlock couldn't muster the response. Being hauled out of bed was worth it to stroll down the street with the doctor, aware of the smug pride that emanated from his partner when glances were directed Sherlock's way. John nearly beamed when Sherlock threaded their arms together, but the detective wanted to divert the attention to his partner.
invite that kind of trouble."
"You're lucky I put up with you acting as though you were charge, ordering me about," Sherlock replied, and John laughed again.
Sherlock stretched, the hand on John’s waist tightening slightly to pull them closer together, nosing John’s cheek gently.
Sherlock held out his hand and John crossed the room, extending the photograph to him, then settling on the arm of the chair. Sherlock felt John's left hand rest on his back between his shoulder blades – comfort and support and reassurance.
"We're both here." It was a start. He rubbed his face and watched Sherlock carefully. Despite it all, it actually felt good not to be alone in this anymore.
Tricia stopped in the act of stirring sugar into her tea and looked at him quickly.
John nodded gingerly; he understood that much better than she knew.
"So is Olivia."
"Her methods are far more civil than being rounded up in a mysterious black car at all hours. As such, I'm much more inclined to honour her requests. There is a lesson on here for Mycroft, although I suspect he will refuse to learn it."
good at not being seen.”
“Of course we do,” Sherlock snapped. “He was frozen, and thawed slowly. You saw that grate. Recently replaced, small spaces in the lattice.
"Is it John Riley?" Donovan asked.
"Of course it does," he replied. "It's her name. Names are important. It has to suit her."
"You believe so– you
John wondered if he even wanted to know.
"It's all right," he said. "It's just a scan."
"As far as I know, John Riley is fine. Apparently you managed to convince his former associates that he's still unconscious. There's been no news of an attempt on someone's life in a hospital at any rate."
“What?” John demanded. “Which prince? When was this?”
"You'll need to get out of that if you want to be in here," the doctor said, nodding at John. He glanced down, scowling at his sick-covered shirt, and followed one of the nurses willingly when she led him away. Protesting would only delay everything, and he had no intention of leaving Sherlock alone longer than necessary.
"I mean it. Both of us. No dramatic set ups, no heroic self-sacrifice. We're in this together, all the way to the end. Whatever's going on, we'll see it through. And win. Okay?"
everything,” she said.
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson," he replied coolly.
"You said you wanted some old photos?"
unconcerned. This wasn’t a coincidence – neither the appearance of a man who looked like Richard Mitchell, or the fact that he’d made himself obvious at the hospital in which Sandra now worked.
He talked Sam's breathing down, giving the younger man something to concentrate on as well. John suspected as much as an A&E unit would have helped with medical equipment, being at home helped Sam's ability to reassert some control. And being in control was more important right now than having an oxygen mask and an IV drip. They'd have to get some weak liquids into him later, once the danger of him throwing up had passed.
, he told himself, remembering the look in Sherlock’s eyes in the morgue, and in the doctor’s office early that spring.
There was a derisive snort on the other end of the line.
"It does if you're doing paperwork when you should be in bed with me."
"Your name, please?"
Sam nodded, even though his features betrayed the fact that he was not. Sherlock waited a moment, then nodded in return, picked up the violin case, and pushed himself back to standing.
They'd both strung Sherlock along, using Alexandre as bait, using Sherlock as their go-between.
, I wouldn't have asked you to do it. Sherlock, I didn't want this to happen. Any of it. I just wanted you to solve the case and find Kelsi Murray and her killer."
. It could have been something from one of their cases.
That trail had led him back here. Home.
Anyone but John.
He didn't look behind him, didn't change the pattern of his breathing. Kept his gaze focussed ahead, inching forward, back to the worn and dirty brick. A change in the depth and brightness of the light forecast more open space; he slowed deliberately, letting his shadow think he was being cautious – and practicing real caution. No point in being rash.
"What?" he asked.
It would have to.
"Good," John said, releasing his partner and surprising Sherlock by patting him on the bum, laughing at the startled expression. "Now get back to work and I'll see you tonight. All of you."
"Do the Massareene Barracks shootings ring any bells?"
"I'm good," he said. "Sarah, this is Tricia Remsen, we served together in Afghanistan. Tee, this is Sarah Sawyer."
Besides, they'd spent enough time sleeping apart recently and John wasn't keen on doing so again. It wasn't particularly restful for him, but he also knew it helped for Sherlock to have the additional body heat when the fever gave him the chills. He curled up against John and the doctor would wrap himself around the trembling detective. It made it easier for Sherlock to sleep, which was what he desperately needed.
It wasn't even the first time they'd had sex since the crash. Not really.
Wrestling his own trepidation under control, Sherlock swung the lock and pulled the door open.
"Yes," Sherlock said. "I know."
Sam felt like he was being babysat. He was never alone anymore even though he hadn't left the flat much in the past few days. Sandra had taken some time off of work and when Sandra was not there, Veronique or Marian were. He'd been put on emergency medical leave, which chafed. He knew it was necessary, but he hated the inactivity and the lack of control. His days were defined by bursts of energy when he wanted to do something and long periods when the thought of moving was too much and he stayed curled up on the couch, staring blankly at the telly, never remembering afterwards what programmes he'd been watching.
She raked her hands through her hair and sighed unsteadily, trying to re-centre herself.
The restaurant was otherwise deserted at this hour, but it scarcely mattered. Those who ran it did so with the utmost discretion in mind, and entry was restricted to those with the right access code. There was no risk of anyone wandering in from the street and overhearing something they shouldn’t.
The details were lost on him, too. Morgan talked to him about
"That doesn't stop it from being the middle of the night, Sherlock," Holly sighed, folding her arms over the fabric of her short black dress. "And I was off duty, you know."
There was a note on the counter beside the mug.
"Maps, Lestrade. He was emailing maps. Of the tunnels."
And he wasn't going to knowing let anyone working for Mary trap them together. There wasn't enough data to confirm that the back doors could be opened from the inside.
“You enjoyed yourself,” Sherlock commented. It wasn’t a question, because it was obvious from John’s relaxed demeanour that he’d had a pleasant evening.
"John Riley is left handed. He might know who did this, Sally, but it wasn't him."
Sam shook his head, his green eyes sliding away from John's again, losing focus slightly.
When John arrived, she agreed to help get Sherlock cleaned and stitched and left to get supplies. When she returned, Sam Mitchell was gone but Sherlock was accosting her with a small white rectangle of paper. She passed the supplies off to John and took it with a curious frown.
"I'm a terrible human being," John agreed. "Never mind that you were plotting to sneak in a meeting with Gabe."
"It was snowing the day you came into the hospital," Donovan said. "You told one of the nurses your name was John. Do you remember that?"
"Will you tell me what it is?" John asked. The detective scowled, slumping down further into the bath water, turning his face deliberately toward the wall. With a sigh, John sat back, letting dripping hands hang over the side of the tub.
"You're left handed," John commented.
It made her a valuable asset, but there was a time and a place where initiative needed to be curbed.
"Just for that, I should say I didn't," John replied.
“You don’t think Lestrade will notice you’re gone?” Gabriel asked.
"I suspect if your brother knew that, he wouldn't be trying to hire you to find out."
"Sorry," Doe muttered.
"You need to trust my judgment," Sherlock replied tersely.
"All right," he conceded.
Mycroft gave him a long look, one that cut right through him. John let it, knowing he didn't have any defenses left worth mustering.
Warm and full of life, the tree lit and wrapping paper still scattered around, voices filled up every space of the flat, underlain by the faint strains of Christmas carols that Sherlock had put on as an indulgence for Mrs. Hudson.
She’d been here only twice before, and once had been for dinner, to evaluate the place as a potential meeting point.
With a sigh, he put the pot in the sink as well and fetched another one. He pulled down a new tin of soup then stared at it.
"If it's you, it's political, and if it's political, it's a person. You don't need me to sort it out."
3 July
John pushed himself to his knees, pulling Sherlock's arms up as he went, releasing his wrists with a warning squeeze. Fingers curled into the soft leather of the armrest of their own accord, his teeth digging into his lower lip as John popped the buttons of Sherlock's shirt one by one, moving slowly downward to where his shirt was tucked into his trousers.
No doubt she was in London, at least some of the time. Perhaps Jim had moved her there; perhaps she'd gone on her own. It wasn't unusual by any means for someone her age and with her experience to have found work there, making Jim's involvement in that decision unnecessary. His base had never been London full-time anyway – but London was much bigger than Dublin.
John stepped aside slightly and shut the door behind Sherlock. He eyed his husband up and down, noting how tense Sherlock was – he was standing a bit too straight and his jaw was tight. He drew a deep breath; obviously he'd noted John picking up on the tension and John twitched his eyebrows up.
"Remind me to tell you about the nurse interviews tomorrow morning," John murmured, voice barely reaching Sherlock through the comfortable haze of semi-consciousness.
The tech grinned.
When John had left him on the roof, Sherlock had stayed frozen, caught, for several long minutes, his breath shallow, his pulse jumping, until the useless rush of adrenaline had subsided, dragging utter anxiety in its wake.
"You've been there every night this week. I did just point that out."
He couldn't really blame the detectives there for letting the case flounder – it had gone cold all by itself: no leads, no crime scene, no evidence whatsoever.
"Is it worth this?" John asked softly. Sherlock wrapped his hand fast around John's, a hard warning look flashing in his eyes. John shook his head. "I don't mean me. Is it worth what you're doing to yourself?"
John nodded and glanced around the store again.
26 June
He wanted it to end, his whole body hot and tense, the smell of sweat and sex assailing his nostrils – but oh god he wanted it to go on forever and risked a desperate glance down, swallowing hard when Sherlock met his gaze, grey eyes dark with wide pupils, lips swollen when he pulled away to lick them slowly.
"It justifies me doing the job you hire me for."
"You're using me as cover then."
Part of her wanted Sam to go to the hospital. The nurse in her argued he'd be safer there, that he'd get the care he needed. Every other part of her screamed that this wasn't true. He wouldn't see it that way. He'd see himself locked up, confined, restrained. Not allowed to leave, not allowed to decide where he could or go when. Given sedatives or other drugs.
expect evidence of dryness or washing, but of course not, because you wouldn’t risk getting all those oils on something so valuable, so gloves. Cotton, though, given the state of your skin and the possibility of abrasive damage – even ever so slightly – from latex or nitrile.”
– if it weren't for the unbalanced sensation creeping up along his spine. The one he could not entirely dispel, no matter how much he focused on his work, no matter the minutes he put aside for meditative breathing, no matter how many cigarettes he smoked.
. He couldn't do this. Not again. Not anymore.
Just to satisfy himself.
"Sam–"
"All right," he said finally, hoping Sherlock was telling the truth. He paused for a moment, then added: "I ran into Sarah today."
Tricia leaned forward and refilled his glass. John's eyes flickered up to her. She was a bit blurry – did he need glasses? No, he decided. It was probably the gin. He tried again to remember how much he'd had but gave up.
"I'll help you," she said.
"Speaking as a medical professional who knows Sherlock intimately."
Charles raised an eyebrow at her, arms folded as he leaned against the edge of her dressing table.
John let himself into the house, exhaling a grateful sigh as warmth enveloped him – god, he hoped Sherlock had remembered to leave the heat on. He'd noted the front windows of their flat were dark, so the detective was probably out somewhere. A case, maybe? If so, it was a bit odd that he hadn't received any texts about it. He sighed again. It had been a long day at the clinic – too many sniffles, sore throats, coughs, annoyed looks upon being told "it's a virus and there's nothing I can give you for it". All the territory of the season to be jolly.
"This was a man who could – and did – hire people to keep track of his correspondence and financial records for him, but information like this, he wouldn't have trusted to anyone else. Not even to a computer, where it could be copied too easily, stolen without being noticed."
"City Airport," she replied, and Sherlock felt another jolt of shock nearly ground him, leaving him grateful that he was already seated. "I know a few people there. They might have heard something."
Pain flared along the back of his skull – Sherlock felt himself go limp with it, air leaving his lungs in a rush, embracing darkness as it rushed toward him, enveloping him, pulling him down.
And to Charles Adair's other contacts.
"John."
"You've been married for over five years, Sherlock. You've been together for over six. He's never given up on you before. Trust him not to give up so easily yet. And trust yourself to do the same. I said John was brave. He didn't run when you were in the hospital. Give him a chance not to run now."
He almost laughed, swallowing on it hard, focusing on the pain to quell the absurd humour. Less than an hour ago, Morgan had been regretting too many choices for who had put Riley in the hospital.
He made a list of things that could be moved to the ground floor flat, cleaned the kitchen, changed their bedding, showered, tidied his portion of the desk without disturbing any of Sherlock's incomprehensible organizational system.
"Yeah, a bit," John said. "Will you go?"
Five and a half years ago, after the crash, Sherlock had taken to doing this to let John know he was home and sleeping. He'd leave his phone and a mug of tea on the coffee table for the doctor and John had drunk the tea even if it had gone cold. Sherlock had never asked why, but he thought now he understood as he sipped the room temperature beverage. Pouring it down the sink would be unthinkable. John had made his for him. It was a small gesture. Sherlock had done it for the same reasons five and a half years ago. To indicate that he was still there.
"It wasn't
Donovan snorted and folded her arms.
"I told you," Sherlock snapped, "dead end. The fake courier knows–"
In that respect, like so many others, he was entirely his parents' son. Mycroft despised what others called spontaneity – it smacked of laziness and ignorance. So much of life couldn't be controlled; the rest
get past John if he really wanted, but the doctor wasn't letting this go without a fight any more than his partner was.
John held his gaze for a moment without moving, then nodded. Sherlock read more in his expression than John probably wanted him to, but he had no catalogue for what John's features held right now; there was too much. He'd never seen this look before and hoped not to see it again. He disliked complications with John. Things had been far too complicated between them recently. He did not want them to be so again.
"Yes," Morgan sighed. "That's the problem. RIRA, the Gardaì, the British Army, friends or family of people he hurt, friends or family of men he sent to prison… It's like having to do a puzzle with only a single piece."
"Sleep," he said, dropping a kiss into short, dark curls.
John realized he was distracting himself by letting his mind wander and by unconsciously counting each slow step as they ascended, feeling a stab of anger at the sudden tightness in his chest, the shallowness of his breathing.
"What
Bridget shrugged lightly, unconcerned.
"And you are
“He would not,” Sherlock agreed. “But that doesn’t mean she knows.”
“Unbelievably brilliant.” The pillow was worked out from between them and tossed to the floor. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered as John settled more closely, and the doctor swallowed carefully, dipping his head to brush his lips over Sherlock’s neck.
It was discomfiting to say the least; Aaron was not normally fussy at all, and while he wasn't outright crying, he was snivelling and clearly unhappy.
"I know. It's a good place to start, Sherlock. But we have to go through this. We can't avoid it."
John felt his heart twist a little bit and saw Sherlock react to the expression on his face.
But he'd always been
That makes absolutely no sense, John. The house hardly had a name, and there weren’t three gables on it. Where do you come up with these things? It’s just getting worse as you get older.
His voice remained quiet, almost soft, and John had the distinct sense it was the calm before the storm.
He had no time to deal with that.
Sherlock kept playing, fighting the reluctance and the desire to stop. Sam squeezed his eyes shut, raking his fingers into his hair so he could lace them together on the back of his head. His shoulders shook harder and he tilted his head back as much as he could without moving his hands, looking at the ceiling, tears streaming freely down his cheeks. He inhaled a deep, unsteady breath, then curled in on himself again, shaking his head.
pathologist?" the DI snorted. The curl of his lips and light in his eyes made a joke of it, but Molly's expression was more shuttered, serious. A quick glance, perhaps a silent apology, and she relaxed slightly.
"I want you to take better care of yourself," John said gently. "Not just for me. For you."
"What's the matter?" John asked.
Someone who knew how to elude Mycroft. The realization made him shudder.
do, Mycroft – and it's a piss poor way to treat someone you should damn well care about it. We share a house and a bed and each other's power of attorney," Sherlock felt a little smug about the surprise there, because he'd worked hard to ensure it, "but I don't own him or think he owns me because of it. He's not your baby brother anymore, so you can quit with the bloody attitude."
"Yes, he had something for you."
"That's what I'm trying to find out," John said. "Thank you, that helps." She looked doubtful and he smiled. "Every little bit does, trust me. I didn't know his name when I came in here."
Mary doubted it was because of frequent custom. She'd checked up on him enough to know there was nothing untoward in his personal life, which she counted as a blessing. Those things could be managed, but, on the whole, she'd rather not.
The light came and went, irritating patches of brightness that were always so full of sound, of voices yammering his name and making demands on him, wanting to know something about pencils and flowers, which was clearly nonsense because those two things did not go together.
It was clear enough that Robert Lassalle had never known, and from the picture painted by decades old documents and Georges' own incuriosity about his biological father, it seemed as though Marie Georges had never bothered – or wanted – to tell him.
Sherlock watched the minutes change on the clock in agonizing slowness, and July gave way to August. With every minute, every second, every heartbeat, he waited to hear the familiar tread on the stairs, the sound of the door opening, John's footsteps and movements in the flat.
"So, while I was sleeping in bed next to you, you were looking up another man online?"
"It's a public video, John, but there are no search terms linked to it. No way to find it unless you have the link, because it won't turn up in any search engines and won't be suggested with similar videos. Hiding in plain sight."
"Thank you," Gabriel replied. "We're both looking forward to it." He paused, giving himself a natural break to change the subject. "How are you finding the job? Are we treating you well enough?"
John stared at the note, then flipped it over. There was nothing written on the back and he gave it a small, confused frown. He remembered those instructions from when he'd first met Sherlock. Almost eight years ago now.
he told himself.
The sudden silence following the clicks was broken by another jagged sob. Sherlock wished John were there – he had no idea what to do. He stood beside his chair, locked in a rare moment of uncertainty, then made himself cross the room and sit down on the couch next to Sam. Impossible to tell if Sam was even aware that he was there – there was no shift in his posture, no acknowledging movement. Sherlock held himself very still, completely at a loss. He thought about texting John for advice, but his phone was on the other side of the room and he didn't think he should get up.
As if sensing his gaze on her, his niece lifted her head and gave him a sunny smile before clambering off the chair and crossing the flat to crawl onto his lap. John folded his arms around her warmly, smiling at the intent look on her face as she pressed the stethoscope against his chest.
"I've seen a photo," John said. "And believe me, I've seen worse."
"That's because you have."
John gave a slight smile.
"Why am I here?" he asked in a hard voice.
to do it, nor how to communicate with us! And why not? Another step removed. Safer," he spat, glaring at his phone.
Whoever had taken Georges knew what they were doing.
Hassard paused, giving Lestrade a puzzled look that he returned with a shrug as Sherlock screwed his eyes shut, heels of his hands pressed against his temples, tips of his fingers twitching lightly.
For a moment, she thought he'd say something more, but he gave the impression of shaking his head without moving, and the moment was gone.
Sherlock was unlikely to be, either.
"Why don't you get a start on the case? Mycroft will appreciate your help."
"Through three years of knowing you," John replied. Sherlock steadfastly refused to react when John's fingers laced into his hair, short nails scratching his scalp lightly.
Sherlock closed his eyes and nodded; yes, he knew that. John was silent for a long moment.
He padded silently from their room and stopped in the corridor; the door to the office and guest bedroom was closed. That meant someone was there. He stared at it a moment, wondering who their guest was, then decided it was probably Joanna. Sandra had friends she could call in an emergency, but she'd call her sister before any of them.
Sherlock strode out of the bedroom, that familiar intent look on his face. It hadn't fully left his expression since this whole thing had begun, but after identifying McKinney it had become harder, more intense. There was never a moment now when John didn't see Sherlock's eyes gleaming, even when he was still and silent and thinking. There had been more prolonged periods of silence over the last two days, interspersed with manic bouts of dialogue – monologue, really, because Sherlock didn't seem the least bit interested in what John had to say. John had come home both days since then to find Sherlock in mid-tirade to the skull, only to switch his focus to John when John was at home. It scarcely seemed to matter if John was actually listening.
He was perfect. Four inches taller than her, with curly light brown hair that he kept cut short so it wouldn't be difficult to manage, brown eyes the colour of milk chocolate and a smattering of pale freckles across his nose that would darken with hers in the summertime. He was kind and considerate and shared the chores when he stayed at her flat – he'd more or less moved in already, but it was really too small for the two of them. He made her laugh and took her seriously. Her family loved him and she loved his family. They liked the same music, the same kind of films, the same activities. She'd never before dated anyone who would go running with her first thing in the morning.
"Good point," she sighed. "Let's keep moving."
He stopped at Speedy’s quickly, grabbing two takeaway coffees, giving them a bit of a cover. Sherlock rattled off deductions on his ear, John hummed responses and asked questions here and there, trying not to waste too much of his breath on conversation.
"Before Friday?"
He sighed and rubbed his face absently with his left hand before pulling the blanket up further so it covered his shoulders. There was an empty glass of water on the coffee table in front of him, not quite blocking his view.
Tricia's lips twitched, tugging up into a half smile.
"Good advice," Lestrade said, pushing himself to his feet, beckoning to John.
But Morgan shook his hand despite the glare Donovan aimed his way and gave him a tired smile that wasn't entirely faked. Despite the London DI's exasperation, the Irish inspector seemed glad he was there. She led him to an office that seemed to have been temporarily assigned to her then rounded up a constable and sent him for coffee with all the self assured authority of someone used to giving commands, even if this wasn't her own jurisdiction. Then she closed and locked the door behind the departing officer before settling behind the desk, across from John.
"That one?" John echoed. "What's wrong with that one?"
Sherlock caught the action and smirked, and John set his jaw, refusing to meet his partner's gaze.
his brother.
He lingered in the MRI room as long as he could, watching hawklishly as the orderlies unhooked Sherlock from the oxygen and the IV drip and transferred him to the scanner bed. One of the nurses had given him a sedative to keep him from waking up and panicking, and it unnerved John to see how limp and unresponsive Sherlock was.
"Well, maybe not good per se," she replied. "But probably the right decision, given everything you just said."
, a shadow in the wrong place, empty space where there should be none.
. He heard his own voice saying it, and Sherlock's, overlapping until they were indistinguishable, and it hit him like a train, the past two weeks suddenly illuminated for him, throwing his misconception into stark contrast with reality. Everything that had been about
Amanda was still in the ICU when they arrived, looking cheery despite the fatigue. Something inside of John loosened at her relaxed demeanour; if there had been something wrong – even just a little bit wrong – she wouldn't have given him that reassuring smile.
"God no," Sherlock whispered. "John, I'm so sorry."
But there were other benefits to being Sherlock’s partner (many of them, John thought with a quirk of his lips), including the fact that Sherlock loved to experiment with sensation and had a particular fondness for blindfolding John and making him use his other senses.
The snap of a cap made him shudder; the tube was pressed into one of his hands before slick fingers traced between his ass cheeks. John bit his lip against a sound when Sherlock slipped a finger into him, stroking roughly. He arched his back, offsetting some of the pain, and dropped his head again as Sherlock fucked him open mercilessly, adding a second finger before John had had enough time to adjust, finding his prostate unerringly.
They'd propped him up by the time John got back, one of the paramedics and the other nurse bracing him as the doctor cleaned the wound, a look of intense concentration on her face.
He was the case.
The list of instructions the neurologist gave John was almost as long as Sherlock’s arm, and Sherlock was under very strict orders to listen to John, both as a doctor and as his partner, and to comply with all of the neurologist’s conditions.
"It's not that. Look," he said, holding out the file, open to the picture of Healy's body and the coroner's notes regarding the wound. "The description of the stab wound. Healy was stabbed by someone holding the knife in his right hand. Through the muscles in the back and the ribs and into the lungs? That would take a lot of force."
"Things. Things we need. Milk."
, John thought, eyes skimming the outline of the old power station in the fading daylight. Silhouettes of cranes towered above the construction site, illuminated only by warning lights to alert airplanes, but the sprawling building itself was dark.
"No, it has to be you, you're the only one clever enough to get it right."
"Christ," John muttered under his breath, rolling his eyes.
It was nowhere near the most risqué thing he'd ever bought his partner – even if buying clothing for another man still embarrassed him a bit – but he'd known the moment he set eyes on it that it would suit Sherlock perfectly.
Sherlock considered sleep himself – he wasn't tired, but the idea of crawling into bed next to a warm and pliable John was always appealing. The doctor was sound asleep upstairs in their bed, and, over the months, had grown used to Sherlock joining him at all hours. It no longer woke John up (unless Sherlock wanted it to), but the doctor developed the habit of curling himself around Sherlock in his sleep.
"I seem to remember Mrs. Hudson deeding the property to John."
"I'll be fine," John replied.
"Two ibuprofen every four hours," Sherlock said, as if John didn't know – or couldn't be trusted to remember. "With the right amount of care, you should avoid any additional damage."
