"No, I just like to keep score. What’re you reading?" Meg nodded to the book open on his lap.
It was not easy for Castiel. It was not easy for anybody. The first day was spent mostly on riding the bus to the first hospital five hours away. They told them it will be the easiest cases of just broken bones. It was still hard. In the evening of the first day, they had a group conversation and then went to sleep early.
After everything, in the wild I stand
"Sure, I have quite a collection, actually."
Because of you I’m braking, thrown into the gutter
“That was so hot!” He exclaimed, and then started laughing.
Dean: I like puns
"Meg," he grumbled, trying to give her his most murderous glare while trying not to laugh at the silly face she was giving him in return. "Aren’t you supposed to be in class?"
It took them a few minutes to calm down. After catching their breaths and wiping their eyes, they decided to walk around for a while. The shop was located near a public park, so they went in its direction.
“What can’t you do? What hurts? Please let me help you…”
"I don't know.” Dean said after a few seconds. He didn’t look him in the eyes anymore but looked somewhere to his upper left. Castiel said nothing. It wasn’t an answer, and he wanted to let Dean think. After another stretch of silent he continued.
“I don’t know. But no one attacked me yet, so my tactic is working.”
He was missing for two days? When was that? He couldn’t remember a day when he wasn’t home, not until he… Castiel could feel his face turn white (could he turn white?). That was when he got there, to that awful place he just escaped from.
“Nothing. I’m just tired.”
“I’ll help if I can. What do you need?”
Dean became one of the most important people in Castiel’s life. As time pest, he was proven time and time again how smart and funny Dean was. He always made sure Castiel was doing okay and invited him everywhere he went. He became a regular guest at Dean’s home. It was a rare to see them apart at lunch, and usually, if you saw one of them at a public event, the other was there as well.
I like trash TV
“He stayed at the bar. He was talking to some girl, and I got bored waiting for him, so I left.”
“I have everything in my wallet, it’s in my bag over there.” He gestured toward the bag he hastily dropped next to the bench when they got there.
Castiel looked down, and was surprised to see that not only Ash was wearing army boots, but also Dean and Victor.
Time went by, and Castiel was trying to understand his feelings. He was in a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand there was Balthazar. He still very much had a crush on him. After they got back from their trip they started talking more, and he could say they are friends now. At least at school.
“Ok, easy. In no particular order: David Tennant, Nathan Fillion, Matthew Gray Gubler, Tom Hiddleston, and Benedict Cumberbatch.”
And left me with child, and came back no more
“How was your trip?”
“Cas, look at me.” Dean’s voice sounded desperate, and Castiel knew he won’t deny him that, never. “I love you.” It felt like he was pleading. “No matter what will happen now or afterwards, I'll still love you."
After about five minutes of reading there was a knock on the door. When Castiel opened the door, he was met with a sweaty and smiling Dean, who was still wearing the same clothes and holding the same bag he had with him on the hike.
“I’m going to get my tongue pierced today.” Castiel turned towards Balthazar, purposefully turning his back to Dean.
By the time the bell rang for lunch, Castiel’s brain was ready to explode, and his stomach rumbled loudly. For once, Castiel was eager to get to lunch, excited to see his new friend. When the bell rang, he almost tripped over his own feet while rushing to where they planned to meet.
To that, Dean held his head up to face Castiel.
After a few minutes of silence, Castiel dared to look at Dean. To his surprise, Dean was fast asleep. He looked calm and content. It made Castiel’s heart swell with something that felt a lot like love. Sighing to himself, he lowered his upper body and folded himself over Dean. He put his head on Dean’s flank, closed his eyes, and let himself fall asleep.
“Yes, Hey. My name is Castiel, and I would like to have my tongue pierced.” He was very proud of himself that his voice didn’t waver.
"Goodbye, Dean! Don’t worry, I won't forget." Castiel smiled to himself while watching Dean walking away. How could he forget? Finally, after years of being by himself, it looked like he had made himself a friend.
At first all he could do was nod, his tongue still swollen and sore. But after a few days, when his ability to move his tongue and speak normally came back, he laughed and answered all of their inquiries with “Yes mother”.
Dean rolled his eyes and sighed. “Fine. We can all go together. When did you plan on going?”
Cas: Frisky women.
When Novak asked for the lube, Dean got a little nervous, but a part of him was curious to know how it felt when someone else touched his ass. He tried to touch himself there a couple of times and it was very pleasant. He didn’t shove his fingers, but it was more for the lack of courage to buy lube than the fear or disgust from the act itself. He read enough on the internet to know it’s supposed to feel good. His curiosity was what made him decide to go on with it.
“Hey Ash,” Dean called the boy’s attention, “Where did you get your suspenders? I love that they’re rainbow colored.”
The video ended, and Dean was looking for another one to watch. It was quiet in the room, and Castiel’s mind drifted. He thought about the weekend he had, which he spent most of with Dean, and how much calmer he was in contrast to the rest of the week.
Like a fool, in your dreams, I'll come back to your bed
Suddenly, he felt a black hole open in his heart. All the calm and happiness of being next to Dean got sucked out of him and into nothingness. He felt like he couldn't breathe. The ache in his soul multiplied by an infinite number and crushed down on him with the force of a thousand storms. Castiel felt his knees cave in as a wave of dread from the future washed over him. He was drowning.
“What do you mean?” Dean was looking at him like this is not what he was expecting to hear.
” Dean was looking at him with sheepishly.
“Meg!” Jo got up to hit Meg on her shoulder. “That’s not the way we agreed to ask! That’s so rude!” She turned towards Castiel. “I’m so sorry about that. You don’t have to answer. This was a dumb idea.”
“That’s so cool! May I come with you?”
Today was the day. He had to do this. He was practicing his abilities for a while now. He knew he could fly. He knew that no one in this place could see him. He was here merely to watch, not to be watched. He knew he couldn’t go through walls, but he learned he could go through nets, like screen doors. He studied this place, this building in the middle of nowhere. So he thought. He never managed to see the outside. The ventilation came from somewhere down below. He decided that going down is the way out.
“I don’t know, but I’ll think about it. And it doesn’t matter if he’s into men or not, nothing will ever happen between us anyways. I’m okay with just admiring from afar.”
Dean must have sensed how uneasy he felt, because he just smiled, turned so his back was again what Castiel could see, and continued their conversation like nothing happened.
“Unfortunately, no. It’s a sterile place, so the only ones who get inside are the person getting the piercing and myself. They’ll be here when we’re done.”
Castiel shrugged.
Dean and Castiel left Ash’s house and started the short walk back to Dean’s house.
After Mag got dressed and left, the rest of evening was spend with Dean entertaining them with his jokes and pop culture references.
Castiel glanced down at his shirt, realizing it was his favorite Korn shirt. He smiled and shook his head.
That for you I would be like water and bread
Yes it wasn't that good, it was bad to no shame,
“I don’t know. Why? getting bored already? You know you didn’t have to come?”
Dean: Hey, Cas, did you ever think about all the things you like?
Balthazar’s inquiry made Castiel surface from his mindless gazing and pay attention to their conversation again.
With tears in his eyes, Castiel kept on reading. The next few pages were full of descriptions of Dean's days and how he was worried about Castiel being gone; prayers for him to return. There were very detailed accounts of Dean's failed attempts at finding him. After a while the descriptions got shorter and shorter, until only big events were mentioned. But always, no matter what he wrote, he ended with the same sentence.
“John! Can’t you see the boys are exhausted?” Mary scolded her husband. “Let them go the sleep. We can hear about everything in the morning.” She turned from John to Castiel, “Castiel, will blueberry pancakes be all right for you for breakfast? I remember you liked then the last time I made them, but I want to be sure.”
“Yes. Please.” With that he let his body relax against the shower wall as much as he could and closed his eyes. Whatever Dean wanted to do, he trusted him.
“Eh eh eh. We are not doing anything until I finish cleaning you. I want you smelling like my soap, not like a day worth of sweat. Now stand still and let me work.” With that Dean took the soap and crouched on his knees, ignoring Castiel re-hardening cock, which flagged after his less than a second panic attack.
“A bit.” Castiel was always honest with Dean, and now wasn’t any different. “But I’m not sure if it was good or bad.”
But what does it mean for Dean to love him? Love can be many things. Suddenly, all the previous contemplation and worries came back with vengeance.
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
It was a tradition at their school that at the end of the first semester of the last year of high school, the students all go to the lake for a three-day school trip of hiking. There were lodgings near the lake, which had rooms with two beds and private showers, that the students stayed at during that trip. Since it was a school trip, they weren’t the ones to choose who bunked with who, and they had a curfew.
They spent the half an hour drive to the club listening and singing to the music the Uber driver played for them. He was a nice young dude who liked rock ballads and sang with them the entirety of the ride. When they got to the club, he wished them a good time, and told them to call for him at any time of the night when they wanted to go home.
“Good. I thought that that’ll be what I’ll pick if I were you.”
Castiel found himself thinking about two things when they reached the party. One, Dean was bi. That was a revelation—a good one. Two, Dean saw him as one of the guys. That was also a revelation, but for some reason, it made him feel a little disappointed. It put Castiel in a bit of a bad mood. He said hello to Ash and Jo, who arrived at Charlie’s door at the same time they did. If any of them noticed his mood was off, they didn’t say anything.
Novak asked him if he was ok before it all started, but it was more daring than caring. He did answer that he was fine, though. He let Novak kiss him and enjoyed it. Apparently Novak knows what to do with his mouth. Technically, he could have told him to stop anytime he wanted, that was part of the rules. But something about Novak’s touch was intoxicating. He wanted to know if he could really make him cum without touching his dick.
He asked him once what detergent they used and asked his parents to buy it as well. They did, but the clothes never smelled the same as Dean’s.
“Thanks. I’ll try it. Good night. Sorry for keeping you awake.”
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
“Shit! Did I hurt you?”
“Well, it made me feel better telling you that. Making sure you know I don’t know what’s going on. I don’t know if we’ll get out of this room to go to the party and everybody will notice something is different between us. Because no matter what, something is different.”
For it was clear to me like the sun in the skies,
And it looked like Dean really meant it. He didn’t look or act like he was sad, he actually looked relieved and carefree. He also refused to talk about anything related to Lisa or their breakup, so after the third time Dean brushed his inquiries off, Castiel accepted it and stopped asking about it.
“Ok, good, yes. Well, we better get going, my family is waiting for us.” With that Dean took Castiel’s hand, interlaced their fingers, and together they started walking towards Dean’s family.
“She is not going.” Meg gave Jo a betrayed look.
The second day of the trip was very interesting and intense. They walked for hours on rocky terrain and listened to their guide’s stories of the history of where they were. It was a hot day, and Castiel was very distracted by all the sweaty skin he could see of Balthazar, who was wearing shorts and a tank top.
Both still dripping wet, Dean pushed Castiel on the bed and crawled on top of him. Instinctively, Castiel opened his legs to give Dean room between them. Their bodies were touching from chest to groin. Dean’s taut stomach rested on Castiel’s soft belly, their hard cocks brushing against each other.
With only our love who was stubborn and lame,
She opened the notebook and drew a table with two columns. At the head of one she wrote “Benny”, and at the head of the other she wrote “Dean”. Castiel looked at her curiously.
They went and grabbed food from the table and sat next to Ash and Jo. A few minutes later, Meg showed up.
He took a deep breath, hoping that there really was no one watching him, and pushed himself as hard as he could against the metal grille covering the ventilation shaft. He felt himself becoming as light as mist, going through the thin metal bars of the cover. Or, to be accurate, the metal bars going through him. Inside the ventilation system, Castiel waited. He didn't hear anything unusual, only sounds of screaming and fighting. The fear and excitement of escaping enveloped every inch of his now weightless body. What if he could not really escape? What if this is another kind of torture, like watching his loved ones die over and over again?
A month went by with him feeling there is no meaning to anything, when, in one week, both Dean and Balthazar got their eyebrows pierced.
He and Dean only had English Literature together, so when they got to school, they had to go their separate ways with the promise to meet again at lunch.
“Guess what I got yesterday?”
He scoured the place from the entrance. There, in the very middle of the dance floor, was Balthazar. He danced alone, his eyes closed, and face tilted upwards. He looked like an angel in the flickering lights. Other dancers bumped into him from time to time, but it seemed like it didn’t even register in his mind. It was like he was isolated in his own world and was happy about it. Castiel felt like he was intruding some kind of religious ritual. Like he was witnessing him going into trance.
“Are you ready?”
“Is it because it was with a guy and you think it’s disgusting?”
“Didn’t your parents notice? I mean, I didn’t until now, but you always smile when I see you. They saw you every day, they must have seen something.”
The funny thing about high school and their little gang, was that instead of mocking them for being different like he was used to, other kids seemed to fear them. Three months in, and no one dared to approach them during recess. They were still ‘the freaks’, but on one wanted to take the risk of being kicked by an army boot.
Dean: But though I don’t always like everything
One day Dean came to recesses and announced he and Lisa had broken up. “She was great and all, but I felt like something was missing. I tried for a while, but at the end it wasn’t worth it. I found myself wanting to be with you guys when I was with her. So, all is good. Don’t worry about me.”
All the way from the head down to the feet
That because of me they will drag you in chains
He didn’t want to pierce his belly button. He was chubby and he didn’t like the way that piercing looked on droopy stomachs.
"I’m telling you, if Jo will buy him a tiny pink crop top with one of the ‘My Little Pony’ guys, he’ll wear it to school just to make her happy. That’s scary."
Castiel was in his room and he was angry. He wanted to break something - anything. He looked around him, at his room, a place that was supposed to be his safe space and hated what he saw. The walls were full of pictures that he didn’t like. The furniture was all set wrong. He started to feel like the room was suffocating him. Without too much thought, he started taking the picture frames off the wall, yanking the nails they were hanging from and throwing them on his bed. He pulled out all the clothes he had in his closet and all the books in his bookshelf and put them on this bed as well. Then he started rearranging his furniture.
“Ok, I have an idea.” Dean was looking very serious. “I’ll come to your house at 16:00, and together we’ll walk to Balthazar’s. Then we’ll all take the bus. If I remember correctly, there’s a bus stop right next to where you live, right?” He was talking to Balthazar.
Each day of the reminder three were harder than the other. Spinal cord injuries, head injuries, rehab for both, kids that became vegetables and their hurting parents, a cemetery, and a conversation with a kid who was going on trial after drunkenly crashing the car he was driving and killing his best friend. All the while, in the back of his mind, and at night at the front of it, Castiel was thinking about whether Dean was in love with Meg.
I like Rap music
Two weeks before the end of the school year found Dean and Castiel walking together to a party at Charlie’s house. Dean was talking about a new band he thought Castiel would like.
"What do you mean by ‘my type?’" Castiel asked in confusion. Although he and Dean had been friends now for the entire school year, Castiel still hadn’t come out to anyone but Jo and Meg.
It was crowded near the bar, and Castiel had to shoulder his way through. He saw Dean at the far end of the bar. He was laughing at something a pretty girl was saying. In the darkness of the club, Castiel could only see she was short and had straight hair. Dean had his head close to her ear, probably to tell her something.
They lay there in comfortable silence, Castiel still floating in his afterglow. Dean was the first to break the silence.
“Have you seen Balthazar?”
“Yes. Of course.”
And I wait and expect to be washed by its hue.
“Because he is gorgeous,” Castiel answered with a shrug. “I know nothing else about him other than he’s attractive and he’s good at math. And I know the math thing only because we’re in the same class and he raises his hand a lot when the teacher asks us questions.”
“Yeah. For some reason I’m tired too.” With that, Dean did something he had never done before. He leaned dawn, put his head on Castiel’s stomach, and closed his eyes. “Your belly is so soft and warm… It’s like the perfect pillow… We can talk later...” Castiel didn’t know how to react so he just laughed awkwardly and stayed still, looking at the wall in front of him.
“You know what your problem is, Dean? You have no faith.” Castiel knew that this remark could start a mock banter between then, but he didn't have the energy for that, so he added quickly: “So are you coming with me or not?”
The club’s entrance was dark, lit only by low light lamps that pointed at the ceiling. It was a small rectangular room with doors at all sides. The entrance door was at one of its long sides. At the short side to its left was a thick plastic screen door that led to one of the dance floors. Castiel couldn’t hear the music from where he stood near the entrance, but from the clothes the people that got inside there wore, he deduced it was the hip-hop one.
There was also Balthazar. Balthazar was something else completely. He was in Ash and Victor’s homeroom class, and shared math class with Castiel. He was tall and had blue eyes and was the most stunning human being Castiel had ever seen. Although they didn’t really talk, it wasn’t like they necessarily avoided each other either. Balthazar was snarky and witty but was also distant. It was like he was living in his own world, and sometimes graced all the others with his presence. Castiel couldn't take his eyes off of him. He would look around at lunch, while talking with his friends, hoping he might catch a glimpse of the mysterious guy.
He heard himself say it out loud and it broke something in him he didn’t know was there. He didn’t really want to die. He wanted the pain to stop, yes, but not to die.
In the bathroom, he got into one of the stalls and locked it. He set on the closed toilet, not caring about hygiene, and tried to stop crying.
Dean’s family moved away from the stage, and, to Castiel’s delight, Dean was walking toward them. He looked happy, but Castiel could tell he was also a bit nervous.
Now Dean couldn’t stop the tears from coming. Sam got up from his chair and hugged Dean, who held tight to his younger brother, desperate for a touch that will make him feel human and not just like a piece of meat. Within the safety of Sam's embrace, Dean let himself really cry. He cried for the betrayal he felt from his friends and classmates. He cried for the fact he betrayed himself by letting this happen. He cried for his first time with a man that got stolen from him as someone else's dare. He cried for the ruined friendship that could have been between Castiel and him, now that he felt so much resentment towards him. He cried for the humiliation he was feeling. He cried for himself.
'Cause I like you
"You know, you can help me shower whenever you want."
Castiel remembered that day. He saw Sam making tomato and rice soup alone in the kitchen. Tomato and rice soup was what Mary used to make for Dean when he was sick, and what Dean made for Sam when he was sick since Mary had died. When Castiel thought about it, he didn't see Dean the whole day. He put two and two together and came to the conclusion that Dean must have fallen ill.
“I’ll knock on the door. Garth is there, isn’t he? He’ll let me in. If he’ll ask why I’m going through your stuff, I’ll tell him he took too long to shower so you came to shower at my room but forgot to bring clothes.”
“Cas...?” Dean whispered in the silence that followed the storm.
Cas: Though I’m not too crazy about your drinking habits
“I like to be unpredictable. That’s how I distract the enemy,” Castiel deadpanned.
Quick thinking, everything’s allowed
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
“I’ll need to see an ID.”
“That the one!” Ash jumped in, “I almost vomited when he walked by my table.” Ash shook his head, which drew Castiel’s attention to the fact he had a mullet.
Clear intentions, sight as red as blood
He hadn’t even noticed Balthazar wasn’t there. He was far too preoccupied with thoughts of Dean. But Dean wasn’t Balthazar.
The Impala was a big, black, beast of a car. The thought of Dean having it as his own car made Castiel smile.
The feeling of betrayal vanished at that. The girls hadn’t outed him after all. Dean was just observant. The dread stayed.
Castiel started walking their direction, not leaving his eyes from them in case they would move, and he would lose them. He was a few steps away from them when it happened. Dean moved his head from her ear and looked at her face. She gave him a quick nod, and then he was kissing her.
“I’m going.” Meg lifted her hand like she was still in class. “Are you going as well?” She asked him after a bit.
Castiel never saw Dean so vulnerable and raw. It meant the world to him that Dean trusted him this way. It took everything in him not to let go and kiss Dean at that moment, but his answer still wasn’t enough.
Jo and Meg exchanged looks like they were having a silent conversation. Castiel moved his attention between Jo and Meg expectantly. Meg eventually spoke.
I’m not crazy ‘bout any of those things
And my cold shoulders would shake and rejoices.
He heard Dean place the showerhead back in its place, directing the direction of the water to wash over them both, and then a second hand was placed on his other cheek. He felt a hot breath on his face and opened his eyes.
“I’m not gay
Castiel closed the washing machine and started a cycle, and then went to see who his unexpected visitor was. When he got to the door, none other than Dean was standing by it, looking slightly uncomfortable.
Rufus opened the door and went towards the reception desk. Castiel followed him out of the studio. Dean and Balthazar were on him the second he stepped out the door.
He heard Dean opening the lube packet and then felt a slick finger pressing firmly against his hole. He spread his legs wide, giving Dean free access. Dean pushed his finger slowly inside him, moving it in and out as he went. It had been a while since Cas last had sex, and he missed the feeling of being penetrated by something other than his own fingers. Dean started moving his finger faster, and at the same time took Cas’s cock back in his mouth. Again, all cas could do was moan quietly and enjoy himself. After a few minutes he felt a second finger being pushed inside him next to the first one, and another after a few minutes more. It was so good, but he really wanted Dean to fuck him already.
“And no, I can get it up whenever I want it to, thank you very much! She wanted me to be her trophy boyfriend. To just shut up and be pretty.”
“Yes, why?” Balthazar sounded more defensive than insulted.
“Ha, yes, of course you couldn’t give her those things. You never shut up, and to be pretty? I don’t think there is enough money in the world for that complicated surgery.”
“No dude, check this out!” He peeled half of the bandage off to reveal a blue banana pin with cone closures. It looked good on him. It made him look even more badass than what he usually looked like.
"Really?” Dean scoffed. “I think it’s so cool! I mean, I dig your whole outfit, with all the black and the necklaces, but the nail polish is just something else. As you can see, I’m also into black,” he gestured down to his own attire. “Maybe I’ll try putting some of my mom’s nail polish on sometimes. Or you could let me use one of yours." Dean looked at Castiel imploringly.
Two hours after they got home, Castiel was already after a shower, a meal, and unpacking his suitcase. He was just finishing putting his dirty clothes in the washing machine when he heard a knock on the front door. He heard his mother open the door, and then her calling “Castiel, you have a visitor!”
“What? You couldn’t get it up or something? I know we’re a bit young for that, but there are pills you can take…”
They said ‘good night’ to Dean’s parents and went upstairs to Dean’s room.
That sounded like a good plan, except, “How are you going to get in my room? I didn’t take my keycard with me.”
Reluctantly, he turned to face Dean. Dean looked at him and tenderly cupped his cheek with the hand not holding the shower head.
“No! I don’t want to die! Please, Dean, help me! I can’t do this alone. Maybe you should commit me to a mental institute, that way I won’t do this alone.”
Castiel thought that now that Dean is back and single, the pain in his heart with ease, but it didn’t. Every day he woke up feeling hollow and sad. Breathing was difficult. He had a hard time concentrating at school and didn’t have energy at recesses. He needed something to make the pain go away, even for a little while, but he didn’t know what.
“Are you gay for Balthazar?”
The thought of someone, anyone, wanting Dean not to be himself made the blood in Castiel’s vines boil. He wanted to find Lisa and punch her in the face. No wonder Dean looked relieved after they broke up, he could be himself again.
Through the haze of his post orgasmic bliss, he felt Dean let go of his Cock. He heard Dean moan, and the sound of fast flapping skin to skin. Castiel opened his eyes to the sight of Dean jerking himself off while looking at the mess of cum on his belly.
They stayed in each other’s arms until Castiel had to get back home. Dean promised him he’ll come to walk with him to school and together they’ll go see Mrs. Hanscum.
When he first learned that Dean, Victor, and Ash lived in the same neighborhood, Castiel was afraid he would be left out. His fears were quickly erased though when he saw that Dean insisted on inviting him to everything they did.
Dean was right. Of course, he was right. What happened before was evident that whatever he was doing all those years wasn’t working. Reluctantly, he told Dean about the ache in his soul. He told him about the struggle to be happy, and the feelings of despair and anger that have nothing to do with anything. He also described the feeling of shame he feels every time the ache comes back, because he shouldn’t feel that way when he has good friends and good grades and a roof over his head.
Dean looked relieved. He smiled at Castiel, a happy and pure smile. Still looking into his eyes, he put his soapy hands on Castiel’s chest and started lathering.
Dean was beaming with pride as he walked off the stage and got immediately tackled by Sam in a brotherly hug. After Sam released him, he got hugs from his mom, and then from his dad. His uncle approached him and gave him a pet on the back, and it looked like he was asking him something. Dean nodded, then lifted his head and looked around. their eyes met for a brief moment, and immediately Dean turned his head back to his uncle and nodded again.
The way you insist on crumbling through my hand
"Just to make it clear, though, I don’t stink! My natural musk is a heavenly scent made by the gods." Castiel felt he had to say something funny to gain some control over the situation.
"Hey, Cas, I forgot to take the shampoo out of my toiletry bag. It’s the purple one hanging on the hook near the door. Can you get it for me?"
Cas: That I like
But it wasn't the fact that he was one of the guys that made him feel bad, it was the fact that Dean saw him that way. Dean was bi, had suspected and then confirmed Castiel was gay, and still saw him as one of the guys. Did Castiel see Dean as something other than a good friend? He knew he loved Dean, but he never consciously considered Dean in a sexual context.
Castiel had to do it now. He was planning his escape since they brought him down here. When was that? He couldn't really tell. Could be days, could be years, could be millennia. All he knew was that he didn't change. Nothing changed here. He’d been doing the same thing over and over again. Roaming around, watching people he doesn't know screaming, fighting, killing the most precious figures in his life.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“I…” The overwhelming sensations of pleasure and Dean made it hard for Castiel to form words. “Don’t think… Aaagh… I can… Fuck… Last…”
“Hello, Dean,” he greeted.
“We have a very serious personal question to ask you,” Jo sounded like she was talking to a scared child. “And you don’t have to answer if you don’t want to.”
He felt Dean’s fingers withdraw from his hole and heard the sound of a condom being opened. A second later a lubed latex-covered penis was slowly pressing inside him. The stretch felt so good, he really did miss being penetrated. After Dean was pressed all the way inside, he started thrusting, deep and fast. The sensation could have been too much for Cas if Dean wasn’t somewhat accurate in his prediction. It took three seconds, not one, for Dean to cum, sighing low and long and kissing Cas on the mouth.
“Man, that sucks. It sounds very lonely.” Jo sat next to him and held his hand.
With great effort, he opened his eyes. Big worried green eyes were looking back at him, nothing of the mirth and challenge in them anymore. It took Castiel breath away.
He had no body, no idea where or when he was, or where Dean was. He felt tears coming up his eyes. He was lost.
“What?! Why?!” Sam almost dropped his water glass.
"We're Cas and Dean." Dean whispered back, not moving his hands from his face.
“TMI Dean!”
“May I kiss you, Cas?”
Nevertheless, he couldn’t stop the sense of betrayal and dread from creeping through his mind. He wasn’t ready to be out to Dean yet. He wanted to tell him in his own terms, if ever. He wanted to make sure he was ready with the right arguments in case he had to defend himself or their friendship. He didn’t think Dean would hit him or stop being his friend, but he wanted to make it clear that him being gay doesn’t mean a threat to Dean. Meanwhile, Dean continued.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Dean's voice was low and breathless.
“I didn't really think about it. My parents didn’t plan anything, which I’m totally okay with. Maybe I’ll go to bed early.”
“I wanted to find you and Dean. Where is Dean?”
As the door clicked shut, Castiel suddenly felt the magnitude of the situation. Without the warmth of the afterglow and the light presence of Dean, all of his fears crept up again.
Love drinking alcohol
Dean: Bees?
Dean was beaming at him.
“Yeah, sure. Let me finish grabbing my stuff,” he replied. “Oh, I’m Castiel,” he tacked on, throwing his last book into his bag and slamming his locker shut.
“Really?” Castile asked, surprised. “What happened to Jo? Don’t you want to seat with her?”
But how? He had no idea where he was, what year it was, or even if Dean knew who he was. He was the son of the bookkeeper; Dean was the eldest Winchester son, the one who would eventually inherit the mansion from his father. The chances were Dean had never noticed him. Castiel used to run errands for his father. He roamed around the mansion, trying to be as unseen as possible, watching Dean as he went. Dean was perfect. He was tall, had light brown hair, broad shoulders, freckles, lush lips and a warm smile. He was kind and caring (the way he took care of his younger brother when their father, the all mighty Mr. John Winchester, was absent - which was almost always - was admirable). And he was, by far, so out of Castiel's league. That was why he tried to remain unseen then, and that was why he wasn't sure Dean even knew he was alive (was he alive? He was pretty sure he wasn't alive anymore, what with the flying and going through nets and all).
He didn’t want to talk about it with anyone. It felt stupid to feel it in the first place. He had no reason to be in so much emotional pain. He had friends, he was a good student, Dean was no longer with Lisa or anyone else, he and Balthazar were getting closer and closer to each other, he was supposed to be fine.
When they got to the teacher’s room, Anna took a chair and beelined to the far corner of the room. Castiel looked around and found Meg sitting alone in one of the rows, doing something on her phone and not looking around. He approached her.
way. Dean flirted with everyone and liked physical contact. When he started teasing Castiel, he noticed he was teasing Meg as well, but couldn’t tell if it was like that before or was it something new like it was with him.
Castiel was lost in thought, tense as he lay in bed. Would it be weird sleeping in the same bed with Dean now that Dean knew Castiel was gay? Although, Dean had still invited Castiel to spend the night, so Dean probably didn’t think it was an issue. Dean saw him as one of the guys, so nothing would happen, not that Castiel would mind if something did.
He really wanted to say yes, but kissing felt more intimate to him than touching. He wanted his first kiss ever to mean something more than just giving in to lust. Even if Dean loved him, he didn’t want to waste it on a chance to never have it again.
"Sure, just a second."
“Dude, I think we need to get Cas back home.”
“Yeah, not looking forward to that either. But I believe that the kids there are strong.”
Castiel took some steady breaths in and out, slowly calming himself down. They’ll figure it out. He’ll figure it out.
He was afraid to hear the answers, but he knew he had to know it now, before they go any further. He had to protect himself, even if it was maybe a little too late for that.
Castiel sent his mom a message letting her know where he was. He hoped she was either still awake or asleep with her phone on silent. His parents made it very clear no one should call them or the house after 21:00 - and it would be worse for him if the message were to wake them up. They had yelled at Castiel after Dean called at what was supposed to be 20:30, but because it fell on daylight savings, they had already moved their watches an hour forward.
That started a conversation between Dean and Balthazar, all about the tricks they can do and the skaters they liked. Castiel, already knowing all of that from the time he spent with Dean and Balthazar over the past few years, drifted off in his mind to the place where there is nothing but flighting thoughts that never stuck long enough to leave an impression.
“I think you’re right, and I’d like you to come with me. Thank you.” He borrowed more into Dean’s embrace.
He looked for the hook and found it to his left. There were two bags hanging from it, a purple one and a neon yellow one.
“Pros and cons! You are a genius! How didn’t I think about it!”
And I'll say: I came back to you, can you see?
Dean also started to tease him, a thing he hardly did before. Every time they had their silly banters, instead of telling Castiel to “shut up!” he started using” blow me!” If he thought he was losing an argument, instead of saying ‘just kick me when I’m down, why won’t you?’ he started telling Castiel things like ‘why don’t you just fuck me and get it over with?’
They were standing at a bus stop, waiting for the bus so Dean could go home. Castiel didn’t want this night to end. After leaving Hanna’s place they went back to the pub and had another beer. Without Balthazar looming above their heads, and without Cas’s friends, they got to talking about themselves in private. They didn’t get too deep, but enough to get a better understanding of each other. Dean, apparently, really liked his sense of humor, and they shared a lot of the same cultural references due to the fact that Dean was only 7 months older than him. They kept each other laughing all the way from the pub to the bus stop.
"Oh, okay, thank you," Castiel replied. What a relief.
Dean: I like to lie awake
“No. I love Freak on a Leash, but I much prefer Metallica over Korn.”
“I hate you!” Castiel pouted, still breathless, previous contemplation and worries forgotten for the moment.
On the way to his own room he wandered through the other parts of the mansion. Everything looked the same as he remembered. When he got to his room, though, something was not quite right. He remembered that his bed was next to the door, not by the window. He also didn’t have a table that was now clearly there. Come to think of it, the room looked less dusty than the other rooms he went through earlier and there was a book on the table that didn’t look like anything Castiel had ever seen before.
Cas: Drinking alcohol.
Castiel looked at the big needle and the long barbell and felt dread wash over him. “Why is the barbell so long?”
They were sitting outside, drinking their beers. Dean was talking, but Cas couldn’t register most of what he was saying, he was too occupied with the way his lips moved when he spoke. At one point Balthazar came out of the pub to join them, making some excuse to talk to Dean. It looked to Cas like Dean was really trying to be polite to Balth while also trying to make him leave.
Castiel had never felt happier. He turned his head to wave his friend goodbye, just in time to see Charlie and Jo jump and squeal, and Ash laughing while Benny and Victor gave a very-pleased-with-herself Meg money.
“You’re right, nothing will ever happen between you two - not with that attitude!” Meg chided. “Oh shit!” Meg glanced at her phone. “If we don’t leave now, we’ll be late for class. Cas, this talk isn’t over yet. We’re continuing this later. Jo, let's go!”
One morning Dean came to meet him so they could go to school together and had a bandage on his right eyebrow and a big smile on his face.
After the first meeting with Mrs. Hanscum went fine, they decided that he should come to see her twice a week in his free period. That way they’ll make the best of the time that was left for Castiel in school.
“Fine. You win. Don’t tell me.”
They stayed like this, Dean hugging, humming, and rocking Castiel on the floor until Castiel’s sobs subsided, and he could hear that Dean was humming the song “Stairway to Heaven” by Led Zeppelin. After a few more moments of him letting Dean calm his down, his breathing came back to normal.
"Yes, why? Is there something wrong with Metallica?" Dean sounded almost offended.
“I’m sorry…” Castiel said behind the mug, eyes looking on Dean’s hands as they worried the hem of his pants.
He knew the Dean liked him, and after what they just did, he knew he saw him as sexy. But loving him? He never suspected.
In his room Castiel sat on his bed, and Dean sat next to him. Really close next to him.
Castiel first met Charlie in his homeroom class. She was always energetic and chatty, which initially gave him a bit of a headache. However, as time went by, they became really good friends and often joined Castiel’s group at lunch.
Balthazar stayed by himself the entire night, dancing in his own world. Dean danced away from them with this girl in his arms, and only joined them when the club closed, grinning and holding a note with the girl’s number. Castiel spent the rest of the night trying to look cheerful, while crying deep inside.
They were interrupted by the sound of the door opening. A man with big tunnels in both ears and a tattoo that peaked from under his collar, entered and came to their direction.
Castiel flipped to the next page.
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
“And I’m not bored, I just need time to get ready for tonight as well, you know.”
“I’ll go see how he’s doing.”
“I just want you to know that he was invited. I don’t know why he’s not here, but maybe he’ll come later. I’ll be on the lookout for you. If I see him, I’ll let you know. Try to have some fun though, okay?” With that, she got up and walked to some other guests.
Dean considered him for a second, looking unimpressed.
You are one, I’m a crowd
It was the late morning of their graduation day. Castiel was sitting on a somewhat uncomfortable chair in the waiting area of a hair salon, watching the hairdresser fussing over Balthazar’s hair.
After a minute or so Castiel decided to go for it. If it is a joke, he can just laugh at himself and go back to his room. If Dean really wanted him to help him shower, he can do that, right?
Dean put his hand facing up on Castiel's knee and gave him what he could only describe as a hopeful smile.
were all he could perceive. Then Dean started bobbing his head up and down and Cas moaned so loud he was sure that if someone was out on the street they would hear him. Dean chuckled around his cock, sending his nerves on fire.
"I knew I liked you for a reason! You looked like one of the good guys. I’m glad I got the courage to talk to you." Looking at the time on his phone, he added, "I need to get going now if I want to get home before my brother. I’ll see you tomorrow! Don’t forget to text me your schedule!"
The first soapy touch of Dean’s hand on his achingly hard dick made Castiel see stars. It was gentle and hesitant, like his dick will break off if he’ll put any pressure on it. It made the end of his nerves shoot a spark of pleasure to the back of his spine. His breath hitched. He closed his eyes and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder again. Dean’s hand gripped his dick a little firmer and started massaging it, like Dean was actually trying to soap it clean rather than jerking him off.
“I hope it’s not rude to ask, and you don’t have to answer, but why didn’t you ask for help all those years? It must have been so lonely and scary for you.”
In bed at night and talk to you
He was about to join the rest of the group when Dean said, "Maybe today when we’ll be back at the lodgings." Then he winked and started walking ahead. Castiel was surprised to get an answer to his remark, but other than that didn’t pay much attention to it, filing it as one of their games, and started running in order to catch up with everybody.
"Why am I not surprised Ash has a neon yellow toiletry bag?" Castiel said as he opened Dean’s bag and got the shampoo out of it.
Dean’s mischievous smile turned into a genuine one. “
And even than my heart won't move from its choice.
“Dude, go to sleep. You’re thinking too loud,” Dean grumbled.
Next to them, Jo stopped dancing. She got close to them and shouted as well.
Dean inspected him with a strained look, but his voice was gentle and caring when he spoke. “Tell me if you don’t like something, anything I’m doing. If you want me to stop the teasing and the commending tell me now and I’ll stop. We’ll do whatever you like.”
“No. That’s not it. Spill.” Charlie turned to face him on the couch. It felt like she was trying to read his mind. Not wanting to talk, but also not wanting to say no to a challenge, Castiel stared right back at her, keeping his mouth shut. She raised her eyebrow. He knew her well enough to know it meant she was not impressed. He also knew he was better than her at raising his eyebrow, so that was exactly what he did. After a few more minutes of staring with a raised eyebrow contest, Charlie took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
“So, talk to him, find out if he’s even nice. We’re in his homeroom class and we know nothing about him either. Is he even into men?” Jo asked.
Dean gave him the biggest smile he ever seen on him and jumped up from the couch.
Soon, they added Jo and Meg to their friend group when Jo began dating Ash.
Dean said it in such a low voice that if Castiel wasn’t sitting right next to him he’d probably wouldn't have heard it.
“What’s not respectful with pink hair?”
“I know,” Dean said nonchalantly as the two made their way out of the school and headed toward home. “We have English Lit together. I, uh, noticed your shirt. Are they your favorite band?”
“Have fun. I’m going back to dance with the guys.”
“All I know is that I prefer my first time doing anything with a guy to be with you.” He paused again and took a deep breath. “I know I can trust you. I know you won’t judge me and you'll tell me if I’m doing something you don't like. I can be myself with you."
“Try to stand up slowly. If you feel dizzy, sit back down.”
In the weeks that followed, Castiel noticed that the pain in his heart indeed lessened a bit. Not because of the external pain, though the constant treatment of the piercing helped distract him from it, but because of the constant care he received from his friends.
“So you feel nothing was done against your will. That’s a good start. But, you still feel bad about it, yes?”
“For what?” It wasn't easy for him, but he looked up from his shoes to look at Dean. Dean wasn’t looking at him though. His head was cast down and he fiddled with his fingers.
“Welcome to the mystery spot, how can I help you, young gentleman?”
“Good night, Dean.” Castiel said through a yawn. He also turned on his belly and snuggled in the blanket Dean gave him. It smelled like Dean. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of his friend, or the smell of his laundry detergent that he came to associate with him.
“I need more…” Castiel didn’t know what that ‘more’ was, only that he needed it.
Dean moaned something that sounded vaguely like ‘Cas’ and increased the speed of their hand movements.
“I hear nothing but the sounds of recess. Nothing else. My head is silent, my mind is silent, my soul is silent. The pain is not there.”
“Yeah, I hear you.” Dean leaned on his left side, still on Castiel’s body. The movement caused their hard cocks to lose contact. Before he had the chance to whine about it, Dean got his right hand between them, gripped both of their cocks together, and started slowly jerking them off.
The end is swift, a familiar desire
Sam looked at his older brother with a serious face and thought. After some moments of silence, Sam took a big breath and started talking.
On the other hand, there was Dean. Castiel knew he loved Dean very much. He was his closest male friend, and he would do anything for him. When they talked Castiel felt connected, like they were surfing on the same wavelength. But he wasn’t sure Dean wanted him
“Probably.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yes,” Castiel whispered with what little air he still had in his lungs.
Castiel couldn’t believe what he was hearing. The two most gorgeous people he had ever seen are bickering about how the other is ugly. He was fighting not to smile, because now, after the adrenaline from before faded, every movement of his tongue hurt. He also started to feel extremely tired, like all his energy was slowly sucked out of his body. It probably showed on his face, because Dean stopped arguing with Balthazar.
“Can you hear this?” Castiel asked instead of answering the question. He didn’t know if Dean could detect the excitement in his voice.
To his relief, Castiel was paired with Garth, and not with one of the many horrible guys he had in his homeroom class. Dean was paired with Ash, because of course he will be paired with one of his best friends. Balthazar was paired with Victor, Meg with a girl named Ruby, Jo with a girl named Madison, and Charlie with a girl named Gilda. The boys were all on the same floor, and the girls were a floor above them.
If it'd happen again, I would do it the same,
” He than ducked his head, and Cas could see Dean’s face getting redder and redder, and probably not from the beer.
Both his friends looked at him puzzled for a second before they started laughing.
“Okay…. You’re making me nervous, but, sure, ask away.”
Castiel thought it was very nice and considerate of Ash’s parents to do such a thing to their son’s girlfriend. It showed how much they cared about them. He was pretty sure his parents wouldn’t do such a thing for him or his boyfriend, if he had one. As it was, his parents only bought cookies and other desserts with chocolate in them, even though they knew chocolate gave him headaches.
And like bread and water for me you would fall.
“Yeah, right outside my building.”
Castiel was overwhelmed with emotions again. Fear, happiness, anticipation, desperation, exhilaration, and confusion all washed over him at once.
“Hey guys! Sit!” Meg demanded.
Castiel spent a lot of time at Dean’s house. They split their time between talking, doing homework, doing stuff on the computer, and fooling around. Dean asked that they don't put a label on their relationship yet, and because Castiel wasn’t sure about how to deal with the dissonance of feeling both fulfilled and empty inside, he agreed.
He just got back from a difficult trip and was tired, why would someone come to see him now? And without calling first?
"You know you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, right? You can go back to your room, stay where you are and keep me company, or join me under the water. It’s your choice. Whatever you want to do, I’ll be okay with."
“I need your help. I’m running around in circles in my mind and it’s driving me insane.”
Cas: Dean, I’m trying to sleep.
Castiel nodded. The floor was uncomfortable, and tea sounded good. Dean let go of the hug, held Castiel’s shoulders, and with a lifting motion helped him to get up. True to his words, Dean draped a soft blanket over his shoulders as he set on the bed. He watched as Dean scanned his face for something, and then he left the room, probably to make the tea he promised.
This statement took Cas by surprise. He tilted his head in disbelief. “Are you serious? Do you really want to come with me to my friend, which you don’t know, just so you could keep on talking with me?”
Trying to match Dean’s attempt at nonchalant, Castiel withdrew his hands from his hair, saying "Fine. If you think it’s the best way."
“Is everything alright? You look pale. Are you not feeling well? Is that why you are back so early”?
Looking at his two friends and their new piercings got him thinking.
Dean opened the door to his and Ash’s room and waited for Castiel to enter. He heard the door close and then the click of the lock. Ash wasn’t there, but from the looks of it, he was there before and already taking a shower, judging by the pile of dirty clothes near one of the beds, and the wet towel on it.
The couch dipped next to him and he was engulfed in Charlie’s arms as she hugged him.
With all the confidence he could fake, Castiel straightened his posture to give his answer.
The sight in front of him was sublime. Green eyes were looking at him, so close he could see the sparks of light brown in them. Dean’s face was flushed and wet, water dripping from his eyelashes and the tip of his nose. His lips were parted, he flicked his tongue and licked his bottom lip and looked a little unsure.
I don’t really like any of those things
“I love this song! Come on! Let's go!” Dean was on the dance floor before he finished the sentence. Castiel’s stomach did a little flip at the look of Dean so happy and excited. He went to the dance floor as well, followed shortly behind by all the rest. The music was loud and all consuming. He felt the beat running through him. He jumped up and down, singing with Robert Plant and playing air guitar and air drums intermittently. Meg, Jo, and Charlie dance with him. Dean, Victor, and Ash were dancing next to them.
The next day they visited the ICU of another hospital, two and a half hours from where they were the day before. The saw kids with tubes going in and out of their bodies, hooked up to machines that kept them alive. At lunch, Balthazar sat beside Castiel at the diner they were in.
He finished his sandwich in two bites and walked back to his room. He dug some clean clothes from the pile on his bed and got dressed. He still had to put the shelves and clothes back in his closet, put the books back in the bookcase, push his bed to its new place, and clear the picture frames and nails from it. It was only around 16:00 so he figured he would have time to finish up after the barbeque. He put on his shoes, took his phone and keys, closed the door to his room, told his mom he’s going to Ash’s, and left.
Dean knew he could count on Sam to ask the right questions. Why did he use those words? He thought Novak was a handsome and attractive fella. He would be lying if he said he never fantasized about him while masturbating (or about Victor or Benny). Novak was a decent guy. He played fair, never bullied others and always came when he was called. So why was he so bothered by it?
Dean jumped up from the floor and hugged Castiel as hard as he could and kissed his temple.
With only our love who was stubborn and lame,
How it was, it would be, frame by frame.
To that, Castiel made the impossible effort to move his hand a little and flicked the closest part of Dean he could reach, which was his thigh. This made Dean laugh even harder.
It left him with all ear piercings, tongue, lips, cheeks, surfaces, or genitals. He didn’t like cheek piercings, surfaces were hard to heal, and no one who is not certified medical personnel in an emergency situation is getting near to his genitals with a needle.
Instead of answering, Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek with his free hand and pulled him in for the kiss he wanted. The kiss was less passionate than the ones they shared in the shower and bed. It was something else, like they were both seeking answers to unknown questions only that kiss knew.
To that Castiel answered "Give me a time and a place and I’ll be there", like he got used to answering.
After a month of talking, Mrs. Hanscum raised her suspicion that Castiel may be suffering from clinical depression, and that he should see a doctor to see if she’s correct. Dean went with him to see the doctor she recommended, and he advised him to start taking antidepressant pills for a while to see if it’ll help. A day after that, again with Dean by his side, he bought the antidepressants that were prescribed to him and took the first dose.
“Hmmm...?”
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “They never allowed us to come to school with dyed hair, it’s considered not “proper appearance in a school environment”. It’s in the school rules and regulations.”
“What? Cas, you don’t make any sense. Why should I commit you to a mental institute? What are you talking about? You’re scaring me.”
“No, yes, sorry. I must have spaced out. What were you saying?”
But it was good that we met in that one autumn night.
How it was, it would be, frame by frame.
He spent the time sitting at the corner on one of the couches, staring at Dean when he wasn't looking, and thinking. Why was he upset about Dean seeing him as one of the guys? No one had ever seen him as one of the guys before. That was something he always wanted to have. Up until now, whenever he thought of his position in his group of friends, he saw himself as one of the girls. Knowing he was one of the guys should bring him joy, not disappointment.
When Dean came back, he was using the towel to dry his hair, the only part of him that didn’t dry during their activities. He threw the towel to Castiel when he finished. After wiping his belly and dick, Castiel got up to a sitting position on the bed and looked at Dean, who, to his disappointment, just put boxers on. Then, it hit him.
And it was clear to me like A up to Z,
“I’m going to help you get on the bed, put a blanket on you, and go make you tea. Then I’ll be more than happy if you’ll talk to me, okay?”
As much as Castiel enjoyed being kissed while being pressed against a wall by Dean, the water started to get cold.
“I finish school at 14:00 today. I thought about going home to eat lunch and rest a bit, and then take the bus to the parlor, so sometime around 16:00.”
"What do you mean by what do I mean? It’s pretty straightforward. He looks like the kind of guy you would go for. You know, skinny, tattoos, dark long hair…. Come to think of it, ‘straightforward’ is not the most accurate word to use, maybe ‘gayforward.’ Pity it’s not a real word." He chuckled at his own joke.
“Yes.” Castiel answered at the same time Dean said “No!”
Castiel was once again amazed by his two friends and their willingness to get along with each other for his behalf.
Castiel lifted his face up and closed his eyes. He didn’t really want to talk about it.
Castiel hesitated for a moment before smiling back.
"Are you in the new housing development? I didn’t know people started living there. Does that mean you just moved here?" Castiel asked.
The feeling of Dean's cock on his was exquisite. In all the times he fantasized about being with a man, he never thought it would feel that good just having his dick touching another dick.
He closed his eyes, the summer breeze blew on his face, and for the first time in what felt like forever, he felt joy. Joy from a simple thing as the wind. Joy without the negging noise of ache and despair. Pure Joy.
“Victor and I are going, so think of us as Jo’s proxy.” Ash winked at Meg.
“That sounds so good. I wish I could.”
“Fuck. You’re so sexy.” Dean whispered and started moving his hand up and down his shaft again. He kept the slow pace for a few minutes, holding firm enough to make it feel more than a simple lathering, but loose enough not to make it a real hand job. It drove Castiel insane. It was just a little shy away from pleasure.
“I’m having a party!” She laughed. Castiel smiled the best he could, but he could feel it didn’t reach his eyes. Charlie seemed to notice it as well, and she stopped laughing. “What’s wrong?”
“How old are you, Castiel?” The girl asked kindly.
Castiel knew he had a long way to go with all the hatred and anger he felt towards himself and the world. He already had the numbers of a few psychologists his psychiatrist recommended. This was just the beginning, but what a wonderful and reassuring beginning it was. He knew he was lucky the first antidepressant he tried worked, so now he could work on his other issues without the struggle against the desire to disappear.
His own brothers locked him out of his room again, so he was sitting on the top of the main stairs in a hidden spot, looking over the Winchesters' living room and listening to Dean telling his own version of Peter Pan to Sam. Sam was only four years old, which made Dean eight, and himself seven. He liked listening to Dean stories. He had this way of telling a story that made you feel like you were watching a movie, or like you were there, with the characters.
"I’m aware of that.” Castiel glared at her. “I still can’t understand how you read ‘It’ and are okay with clowns or with sleeping. I started watching the mini-series and couldn’t sleep for two days."
Castiel was sitting in one of the quiet stairwells in the school in his free period, reading a book. Most students who lived nearby would have gone home for their free period. Castiel knew he could go home for this hour, eat something, and get back to his next period on time, but he didn’t want to.
The other floor on that side of the club looked identical to the one he was just in. There were fewer people here, so each one had more space to move. Castiel thought it was better for them, because he wouldn’t want to be in a crowded place when a Pogo started.
“How much will it hurt?” He knew it was a stupid question, but he had to ask it. He had to find a way to calm himself so he could go through with it and have his tongue pierced like he wanted.
He just had sex with Dean. His first time ever in everything sexual was with Dean. Dean, who was one of his best friends, not his boyfriend. Dean, who said he didn’t know what they were.
Dean was smiling. It made Castiel feel better. He looked at what he brought him. Dark jeans, a black ‘Nirvana’ shirt, orang underwear, and black socks.
Dean was trying to gently lift his head from his hands by stroking one of his cheeks upward with the hand that wasn’t on his back, but Castiel held his head firmly down. He didn’t want Dean to see his face like that. He was embarrassed enough by the fact that he couldn’t control himself as it was.
School had been tough for Castiel. His other classmates thought he was odd, and he’d always struggled to fit in. Even his interests were different - Castiel liked to listen to rock music while most of his peers liked pop music, his wardrobe consisted of almost entirely black clothes, and he painted his nails a different color each week. He preferred to spend his recess inside, working on schoolwork or reading instead of out on the playground with the other kids.
Cas: Yeah, I know
“You know, there is another part of my body you didn’t clean yet. If you want to, you can.”
It was a weird feeling, having something stuck up his tongue. For some odd reason, it didn't hurt. Maybe it was the adrenalin in his body that prevented it from hurting. Castiel tried moving his tongue from side to side, the metal piercing clunked on his teeth.
” When Cas nodded he added “
” Cas just looked at him baffled. Was he really trying to make sure nothing was going to happen between Dean and him? This man has nerves. When he didn’t answer, Balthazar just gave him a hug and went away.
It was too much. He didn’t deserve that. He was a depressed freak who hated his body and sometimes even his own existence.
The weather was nice. A bit warmer for that time of year, but not unbearably so. The walk was quiet, Castiel not able to talk, and Dean and Balthazar not talking to each other if not necessary.
“Really?” Dean pressed himself even further to Castiel’s body, the mischievous glint back in his eyes. “I always wanted to try doing that, but never had the chance. What do you say about you letting me finish cleaning you without you moving? Do you want that? Can you control yourself for me? I promise I won't torture you for long.”
“Actually, Cas, if you don’t feel like going to the movies with them, my family and I are going to a steakhouse to celebrate and my uncle Bobby asked me if my boyfriend wanted to join us. So? What do you say?”
"You know, if you’ll get in here, it will be easier for you to rinse my hair. And you could clean yourself as well. I bet you stink." Dean maybe tried to sound nonchalant, but Castiel knew him enough to sense how nervous he really was. knowing that Dean was nervous put Castiel a little at ease. They were on equal footings, both nervous and unsure of what this new situation between them is.
“Dude! Come see this video Victor sent me.”
He spoke until he felt that nothing was left to say. He took a sip from the tea that got luke warm in the meanwhile, and dared to look at Dean. The worry that was written on his face before was still there, though less pronounced. What Castiel detected in Dean’s eyes were sadness and care.
And the same worn suit that I got to my name,
“I have an idea.” Dean said, now wearing jeans and putting on a T-shirt. “You stay here while I’ll go to your room and get your clothes for you.”
He couldn’t remember how he got here. All he could remember was that one second he was the youngest son of the bookkeeper in the Winchester mansion, doing errands for his dad and secretly watching the eldest Winchester son, Dean, with love and admiration. And the next, he was here, watching strangers repeatedly killing his dad, his brothers, Sam – Dean’s younger brother, and Dean. All he could do was roam around and watch. And plan his escape.
Saddened that he’ll have to stop looking at Dean, Castiel started to turn around and give Dean excess to his back.
Cas: Hey, Dean, you know what?
“They went to get a drink.” Jo shouted to his ear. When he looked at her, surprised, she smiled and shouted, “Don’t ever say I don’t know you.”
"yeah, right? Blinded me the first time I saw it. He said Jo got it for him, so he feels obligated to use it."
“But it’s not ‘Of course.’ You knew I didn’t know what I was doing, but you let me do it anyways. You knew I wasn’t sure what we are after we went through with this, and you still went through it with me. I left for a few minutes and you probably went crazy in your head about what will happen next, and yet you probably won’t say anything about it just so you wouldn’t pressure me.”
That you'd come back to me and fall down on your knees
After a few minutes he managed to calm down a bit. He got out of the stall and washed his hands and face. No one needed to know how pathetic he is. He will not ruin his friends’ night. He took a deep breath to steady himself. Looking at the mirror, his red eyes were hardly noticeable in the dark lights. Good. If they’ll ask him, why was he hurrying up he would tell them he had a bathroom emergency. That should be enough and would explain the teary eyes if they noticed.
“Am I really that obvious?” He was not going to deny what she said, it was all true - except that was not why he was feeling down tonight.
“Stop apologizing or I’ll make sure you’re passed out by strangling you. Good night.”
As it turned out, figuring out his relationship with Dean wasn’t bad at all. It was easy to fall into a different but also kind of familiar routine. They acted like they always did when they were with everybody else, their dynamic as smooth as ever. It was like nothing had changed around them. He did notice, however, that he wasn’t crushing on Balthazar anymore. They still hung out at recess sometimes, and Castiel went to his house to play video games together, but he no longer wanted to jump him.
“Talking about men and your mind is wandering to your lover boy Balthazar, ha?” Castiel gave her an unimpressed look and tilted his head towards the notebook, hoping she’ll get on with it so it could also be over. Thankfully, she got the message.
“Maybe? I’m not sure.” Castiel tried to go through the faces he could remember from Math class the day before. “Was it yesterday on third period? With the old teacher that smells like black coffee and cheep cigarettes?” He shuddered at the memory of that awful combination.
The line wasn’t too long. It took them about fifteen minutes to stand in line, pay, and get inside.
Dean moved his thumb over his slit, applying pressure that made him alternate between pleasure and pain. The somewhat pained sound must have worried Dean, because he immediately withdrew his thumb.
“I also have clothes and books and a few shelves.”
Castiel felt like Dean was drifting away from their group. At recesses he was usually distracted because they texted each other all the time. He didn’t come with them to places on the weekends, saying he wanted to spend the time with Lisa. For some reason, it looked like it didn’t really bother anyone else. Not even Meg. Well, Meg was in the middle of a big fight with Benny. Not the kind of fight where you don’t talk with the other person, but the kind of fight you try to get in the other’s face and shout at them about how they’re wrong and you are right. It took up all of her time.
He had no good answer to that argument. He checked the time; it was almost noon. If he wanted to have enough time to rest and get ready, he’d have to leave soon.
"Hey, Cas. How was your day so far?"
“Cas, please, I want to help. You even asked me to help. But I can’t do that if you don’t tell me what’s wrong.”
"No. Don't say that.” Dean started caressing his cheekbones with his thumbs again. “You won't lose me. It's you and me we’re talking about. We'll figure it out, like we always do.” He heard Dean taking another deep breath.
But it was good that we met in that one autumn night.
“Easy,” Dean said. Castiel was about to object, but Dean didn’t let him. “I know your parents don’t like people to call after 21:00, including you. So, send them a message letting them know you’re spending the night at my place. If they’re awake, they’ll see it now and answer you. If not, they’ll see it in the morning and won’t have a heart attack that you’re not home. As for the clothes, I’ll give you some of mine. And nothing will happen if you don't brush your teeth for one night.”
“Yes, do that, I have enough money for the ride.”
“No. Don’t turn around. I can do it like this.”
“Yes, you may.” He turned to face Dean. “I need at least one person who believes I’ll do it. If you can’t be one, Balthazar will.”
“No. Cold hand. It’s good.”
Castiel’s eyes started to sting as more tears fell down his face again.
Summer breaks were hard on Castiel. He had no place to run to without any excuse every day like he had on school days. Today was very difficult. His parents fought and yelled at each other for an hour straight. He hated when his parents fought. He felt like the walls for the apartment kept ringing with the echoes of them yelling, even hours later.
They practically ran there. Dean set on the more hidden bench of the two and pulled Cas to straddle his lap. Cas immediately want back to kissing Dean, grinding their crotches against each other in the process. Dean moaned and stuck one of his hands up Cas’s shirt and cupped one of his butt cheeks with the other. Dean pinched Cas’s nipple and it sent shivers of pleasure all over his body. He raked his nails over Dean’s chest and down to his stomach, no stopping the kissing and grinding. It felt amazing, and from the feel of the hard cock pressing up against his own, Dean was feeling the same.
“Fuck!” He muttered to himself. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten he wanted to get back home early to finish cleaning up his room.
A nod from Meg.
“Here’s the care instructions for the piercing. Do as it say. If you have any problem or you’re not sure of something, the studio’s number is at the top of the page, don’t hesitate to call. Come, let’s get you paying, and you can get on with your day.”
“If I knew they opened it I would have brought my skateboard with me and show you the tricks I know.”
Dean’s hand sneaked under Cas’s pants and underwear. His fingers were cold from the night’s air and Cas gasped from the mixed sensation of cold and pleasure he held his cock.
Cas liked Mag. She was snarky but also kind, and for some reason, although they were completely the opposite when it came to the way they lived their life, she liked him too. So he just smiled and nodded towards Dean that it was alright with him that he will shake her hand.
“So, why did you and that girl from the club break up? She looked cute.”
The tattoos and piercings parlor’s name was “The Mystery Spot”. It was a shop divided into two, a reception area and a small studio. The reception area was spacious and well lit. It had a reception desk with a computer and a cash register, a big yellow couch, and a round white coffee table. On the table were 5 portfolios with pictures of the tattoos and piercings they did.
On their way to school the next day, Castiel was surprised how much the two had to talk about. Their conversation flowed easily. He found Dean to be passionate about the things he loved—going on long rants about music, his dad’s car (“Baby,” he’d affectionately called her), and how different this school was than his last. Things were just
He kept on reading.
Did he want to talk about it? On the one hand, all Dean wanted was to shove this night into the back of his mind, go to sleep, and hope that tomorrow he will feel less weird than he is feeling now. On the other hand, he really wanted to understand what he was feeling. Sam knew him better than anyone else and could probably help him with that. He knew Sam will not judge him, they know everything about each other. And besides, there is a great chance the whole school will talk about it on Monday, so he better hear it from the source.
"That’s because you’re a wimp." Meg glared right back at him.
He was not supposed to go up to those rooms, his father forbade it. His job was to help his father, not to wander around the mansion to find out where the eldest of the Winchester brothers slept at night, but he did it anyway. Sometimes he used to sneak out of his room in the middle of the night and go check on the boys. First he would check on Sam, making sure he was asleep and adequately covered. After John left, Sam started having nightmares. He would toss and turn and sometimes kicked off the covers. It was the reason the brothers slept with their bedrooms doors open, it calmed Sam and kept most of his nightmares at bay. After Sam’s room he would go to Dean’s. He would stand at the doorway, making sure Dean was asleep, covered and safe, and then he just stayed for a while longer and watched him sleep. After some time he would start feeling guilty for acting like a creep and got back to his own bed, wondering what Dean was dreaming about.
Now, at sixteen, with friends in his arsenal, he didn't feel as lonely. He had times when the feeling of despair wasn’t as strong, and he could feel something else, like gratitude and love for his friends. That moment, sitting and reading quietly at school, knowing he would see his friends at lunch, was one of those times.
After getting dressed, Castiel went to the bathroom to retrieve his shoes. When he got back, Dean was sitting on the bed, looking serious. He set next to him on the bed and silently started to put his shoes on.
He was trying to spot Victor when he saw Dean enter the auditorium with his parents, his younger brother Sam, and his adoptive uncle Bobby, in tow. Dean stopped walking and looked around the room, like he was searching for something. Castiel watched him from where he set, until their eyes met. Castiel gave him a little wave and Dean beamed at him and started walking to his direction, calling his family to come along.
But, how?
Dean: I like frisky women
Meg gave him that same weird smile she gave him that day after the lunch with Balthazar.
At 16:00 sharp Dean was in front of Castiel's door. By 16:20 they rang Balthazar and told him to come meet them at the bus stop.
“Exactly!” He couldn’t stop the smile from spreading on his face.
“How long have you felt like that?” Dean sounded like he was trying to hold back tears.
“Just remember I never doubted you for a second.” Balthazar was walking backwards in front of them so he could face them.
"Well, you never talk about girls you like and when we watch movies, you always say stuff about the guys’ appearance, not the girls’. I just figured you’re attracted to men, but not out yet. I wasn’t going to mention it, but man, that drummer is in a whole other league. I couldn’t not say something."
On the fourth day Meg was acting strange. She wasn’t as rude and obnoxious as usual. It started before breakfast, but after dinner the day before, so it didn’t have anything to do with yesterday’s events. After the visit in a trauma unit, when they were on the bus, Meg pulled a notebook and a pan from her bag and turned toward Castiel.
“Cas! Can you believe it? we’re done with high school!” Meg hit him on the shoulder when he stood next to her.
“I don’t know, you only slept with females, it’s a legitimate question.”
My cover is shuttered, I’m defeated
“Dean,” He tried to gently push him off him, but Dean just whined and went on to continue the kiss.
“No, I don’t think so. My dad took me to see cases of teens after car accidents after I told him I want to have Baby when I’ll get my driver's license. I don’t need more of that.” Dean eyes looked hunted was he spoke.
He never thought he'd have something like that. Over the last three years he got used to having friends that cared about him, but never in a million years did he believe someone would care about him to that extent. And it wasn’t just anyone, it was Dean. Dean, who was the first friend he had in a long time. The one that made the ache in his soul feel a little more bearable. Dean loved him and was willing to see where things will go for them, and with everyone else to see.
“By the way, why do you have nails on your bed?” Dean asked.
“I told you I know you.” Dean winked at him. “Anyways, I know you will wait for me to understand what’s going on inside my head. No pressure, just endless patience. I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but whatever it was, I’m willing to keep doing it if I get to have this. Whatever ‘this’ may be.”
“You sonofabitch! You really did it!” Dean hugged him over his shoulder as they walked out of the shop.
“Almost eight years? And you dealt with it all on your own?”
“Balthazar, how are
“Cas, what's wrong?” Dean asked, looking at him from across the couch they were sitting on.
“You asked me to come!”
Castiel expected Dean to blindly hand him the soap, the same way he did with the shower head. He was not ready for Dean to spin around and face him. He was not ready for Dean’s eyes to lock with him with a glint of mirth and challenge, but also with a question akin to ‘Is this alright?’ while his soapy hands hover inches from his chest.
After a while of heavy petting Dean pushed Cas over the bench so he was lying on his back, and crawled on top of him. Cas spread his legs a bit to give Dean a better angle. Dean started a slow rhythm with his pelvis, leaning on his forearms for leverage. He started kissing down Cas’s neck, and pressed his groin a little harder. Cas was aware to the fact that he and Dean are dry humping on a public bench in the middle of the night, but he couldn’t get himself to care, it just felt so good. He felt Dean shifting his weight to one side and his hand started traveling down his body and stopped at the hem for his pants.
“Yes, okay.” He put his own hand on Dean’s. Dean interlaced their fingers and squeezed. That small gesture unraveled some of the knots of uncertainty in Castiel's chest. He squeezed back, returning a smile of his own.
There were the guys from the volleyball team, the girls from cheerleading, some of the stoners, and some of the kids that had no special designation but were friends with each other.
Balthazar sat at the closest chair to the door, apart from everybody else. It was hard for Castiel to pay attention to what Ms. Mills was saying at the beginning when looking at Balthazar was much more invigorating. But after a little while, he made himself listen to her, because he knew it was important.
With Dean in his life, their group of four quickly expanded, and for the first time in his life, Castiel found people who made him feel like he truly belonged.
Castiel nodded, not wanting to shout anymore, and went to look for Balthazar.
After some more thought Castiel decided that a tongue piercing is the perfect option for him. He liked having things in his mouth, so having something that is attached inside it will decrease the chance of him swallowing it and choking; It is a hidden piercing, so he won’t get into trouble at school for having it; And, if he’ll ever be in an intimate situation with someone, kissing and giving head will be different for that someone.
Name by name, Mr. Shurley called the students on stage to get their diploma and shake their hand. Anna was called, and Castiel right after her. He got his diploma, shook Mr. Shirley's hand, and got off the stage to the smiling faces of his parents and younger brother. They all walked a little to the side, as not to block the way for the rest of the students who got off the stage. They congratulated them and gave them hugs. After that, Castiel excused himself and went to be with Ash, Jo, Meg, Victor, Charlie, and Benny, who got their diplomas before him and were now standing together.
“Thank you. I’ll see if I have the energy for that.”
They ate and talked and laughed. When the food was gone and the other guests had left, they moved inside to the living room and watched a movie. After the movie ended, they switched to the T.V. and watched a gameshow. They shouted the answers they knew and laughed at the contenders’ mistakes. Only after Meg started to yawn and said she was going to call her parents to come and get her did Castiel see the time and realized he was fucked. It was nearly midnight and he was beat.
“Are any of you going to be a part of this year’s delegation?”
“Yes.” Castiel would say that for a million times if that would make Dean believe him.
He felt like he had a second pair of parents, only ones that actually care about him. Every chance they had, Dean and Balthazar made sure he was alright. Mostly separately, but sometimes together, they asked him about his pain, if he’s bleeding, and if he’s making sure to follow the care instructions to the T.
“If they did, they never showed it. And as for you, I didn’t want any of you to know, so you couldn’t. I made sure of that.”
As Castiel entered into high school, it seemed that this year would be much like the past years. He saw a lot of new faces this year and realized he didn’t really know most of his new classmates. Those who he did know ignored him completely. But, hey, at least no one had called him cruel names yet.
In the month before they were set to go, they had preparation meetings once a week, in the evenings, at the teacher’s room at school.
“I heard he’s one of the best Math teachers in school.” Victor remarked.
He was enjoying his beer and the futile efforts of Balthazar to take Dean’s attention from him when Dean exclaimed:
“I just didn’t know that. I also skate, only on rollerblades, not a skateboard.”
A few minutes passed and the others arrived. They looked on edge and told them that their Uber driver was an old man that turned the radio to the news channel and asked them to be quiet. While it was a bummer that their friends didn’t have a nice ride, they couldn’t pass that good of an opportunity to gloat and laugh at their expense.
All my strong principles are dissolving into water
Dean’s parents were still up and in the living room when Castiel and Dean walked inside.
And I cried for myself and I loved and I hated
Jo was sitting on Ash’s lap at one end of the table. They were talking to one of Ash’s parents’ friends while they ate. Ash was eating a hamburger, probably from an earlier batch. Jo, who was a vegetarian, was eating tofu hotdogs that were made for her on the grill before the real meat was put on.
A navigation journey in a foreign land
And strangers' insults you poured down on my head
SUNG:
"I love you too." Was all he could say, staring at the beautiful person in front of him.
Dean: I like a classic rock
He flew around the big building looking for some sign of life, something to let him know that he was not too late. One of the windows was broken, shattered by a tree branch that somehow got jammed through it. The room it belonged to looked dark from where he hovered, but Castiel knew by its location that it was John and Mary Winchester's old bedroom. Their room was located above the Winchesters’ family garden. They received the fountain with two angels holding hands as a wedding gift from both their parents, according to the inscription on a plank attached to it. Castiel’s father told him once that the tree in front of the window was the one Mr. Winchester planted on the day Dean was born, and the one right next to it was the one he planted on the day Sam was. Mary put the bench under them, in front of the fountain. After Mary died in a house fire that started in Sam’s nursery when Sam was 6 months old, Mr. Winchester and Dean planted a Forget-Me-Not plant in her memory. A few days later, Mr. Winchester left for one of his long business trips for the first time. Castiel once heard Dean tell Sam that their mother used to tell him that whenever he is sad, he should come and sit on the bench and everything would be all right because angels were watching over him there.
” Dean whispered at one point when he came up for air.
“Yeah, man, perhaps you shouldn’t try talking for a while, at least until the swelling goes down.”
Cas felt his face hit up again. How can a man he just officially met half an hour ago be so charming? He looked at his watch and sighed. “I don’t want to leave just yet either, but I told my friend I’ll be at her place in what now looks like 15 min. She has no phone so I can’t tell her I’m not coming. So I would have to leave anyway.”
“Which one of you is Castiel?” He scanned them with his eyes.
Castiel did it, trusting Rufus to only use the clamp. He felt the clamp squeeze his tongue. It wasn’t so bad. It was uncomfortable, but not painful. For some reason it calmed him down. Rufus released the clamp.
“It just didn’t work out. She wanted something I couldn’t give her.”
“It’s okay if you love me. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable by teasing you about it. You just looked so adorable, all flustered and pouty. I’m sorry.”
It would come like a storm, quickly and brief,
He thought about himself with an eyebrow piercing, but he didn’t like that idea. He had thick eyebrows that made himself conscious as it was, adding something that’ll draw attention to them wouldn't be wise.
Dean was on the verge of crying when he stopped talking. They both sat down at the kitchen table, Dean holding a glass of water that Sam gave him.
“Why can’t you?”
They were nearing the school gate, so Dean put the bandage back on with a winch.
“Well, first of all, we’ll get out of this room together and walk to dinner together. At some point the others will join us, either on the way or at dinner. We’ll all sit together to eat, and if you’ll feel like sitting next to me, I’ll be happy to have you near me. But if you’ll feel like sitting next to Meg or Jo, I’ll be happy to look at you from where I am. Then we’ll see where the conversation goes. We don’t have to say anything about what happened between us, this is ours anyways, and we can have things that are just for us.
“Hey Mom, Hey Dad, I thought you’d be asleep by now.” Dean entered the living room to hug his parents.
“Hello Mary, hello John.” Castiel walked in the familiar and comfortable room. “I’m fine, thank you.”
“Hey, Cas! What’s up?”
It really wasn’t that funny, but he started laughing, nevertheless. “Yeah, well, half of this mess is yours…”
Rufus smiled and handed him a piece of printed paper.
Castiel just stood there mesmerized. The song that was playing ended and another began. He didn’t know either, but he didn’t move. Someone pushed past him, and he realized he was almost blocking the entrance. Should he go dance next to Balthazar? Make himself known? He looked so in peace, Castiel didn’t want to interrupt. With a heavy heart and a feeling of disappointment at himself for still not having the courage to approach Balthazar, he went back to his friends at the other floor.
“Can my friends come with me?” He didn’t want to be alone, he wanted to take courage from them.
Jo had a point, but Castiel wasn’t sure he could find the courage to start talking to him. He couldn’t think of anything to say that won’t make him feel like a fool.
The pain on Dean’s face was so vivid it broke Castiel’s heart a little. He casted his eyes down, knowing he was the cause of it.
He turned to face his friends, who still sat on the couch. They gave him a ‘thumbs up’ and wished him good luck. With his heartbeat pounding in his ears and weak legs, Castiel followed Rufus into the small studio.
“No offense, but you’re not the same.” Meg winked back. “And besides, now that I know Cas is coming, I think I’ll be alright.”
“Do what?” Balthazar popped up out of nowhere.
Castiel arched his back off the bed as another wave of pleasure, bigger and hotter than the previous one, crushed though him. panting, he added his own right hand to better engulf their erections, planted his feet on the bed of leverage, and started thrusting up to the movements.
” This made him smile again, though he was pretty sure he was smiling from the minute he met Dean a few hours ago. He didn’t really needed Hanna’s approval, but it was nice that his friend didn’t freaked out by the unknown man he brought to her home, and actually liked him.
Was he flirting with him? Castiel couldn't tell, he had no experience with that kind of thing. He didn’t know how to react, so he mumbled “Thanks” and took a bite out of his own food. After a few moments of silently eating their lunch, it occurred to him that he was very rude to Balthazar.
This really scared Castiel. Was he losing the battle against himself? Before Dean could react to what he said, Castiel added:
Castiel tried to count his breaths, which helped him to stop his thoughts from spiralling, but didn’t help him fall asleep. After a few minutes of that, he tried to count Dean’s breaths instead. Dean’s breaths were slow and even and as the time went by, he felt his breaths synch in with his. Not ten minutes later, Castiel was fast asleep.
“I’m so sorry that they didn’t understand your cry for help. You deserve so much better than that.”
“Fine, you’re right. Thank you.”
“No. If it was me, I’d go with green.”
Dean's eyes lit up for a second, and then sobered. He leaned towards Castiel a bit and asked quietly:
“Old men I see. I can respect that.” Meg looked pleased.
“How much longer will it take for your hair to be done?”
A few minutes later a cab arrived and picked them up. A few minutes after that, Castiel was back in his room with the instruction from both Dean and Balthazar to call them if he needed anything.
“You look horrible, Cas. How are you holding up?” He asked.
” Dean shouted as well, and was he blushing again? God, he is so cute. Cas lost himself in Dean’s blushing it didn’t register that Mag was standing right in front of him wearing only a towel until he heard he saying
Castiel was very happy the day he got his ID, a week after his 16’s birthday, and he was even happier to present it right now.
Charlie's house was packed with people. She had many friends and even more acquaintances. Her peppy and cheerful personality drew to her people from many different circles, so her parties were a jumble of groups that usually didn’t mingle. They spotted Meg and Victor talking to Garth, a guy from his homeroom class that shared Biology with them and went towards them.
It did feel good when he finally let himself relax. He tried to both be quiet and to not listen to the comments from people in the room, and it was not easy. He remembered begging for something, but he didn’t know what it was, not then and not now.
“Are you sure? I told you before that you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” Dean looked genuinely concerned. It made Castiel love him a little bit more. He took a big breath.
Feeling much more comfortable, and reminding himself that it is just Dean, Castiel decided to relax and enjoy the situation. Not wanting to feel like he missed an opportunity to prove Dean that he is a man of his word, he quickly snatched the shampoo bottle from Dean’s hand. When Dean looked at him, confused, he smirked and said:
“I’m a few more blocks,” Dean said, gesturing.
The touch started slow and light. It sent shivers down his spine and he leaned into it. His movement probably reassured Dean, because his touch became firmer and wider. He went from circling his hands over Castiel’s chest, to robbing his shoulders and arms. Castiel closed his eyes again, and this time Dean said nothing.
Castiel didn’t really like Benny, he was too full of himself for his own liking. But Dean seemed to like him a lot, so he was trying to be nice as much as he could. What could Meg need help with that required putting them in a table opposing each other?
“I can’t do this anymore. I don’t want to live like that anymore. It hurts too much. I just want it to stop. I just want everything to stop.”
It wasn’t like Castiel wanted to be different - he just didn’t feel comfortable any other way. He had tried fitting in and trying to make friends, but it had never worked out. Not only had he still felt alone and out of place, but on top of that, he also felt like a fraud. If anyone did like him, it wasn’t because they liked who Castiel truly was, but rather, they liked this version of him that never really existed.
He turned his head from Meg just in time to see Jo walking towards them from the direction of the library.
Castiel wanted to be a part of it from the day he learned this delegation existed. To his surprise, Anna wanted to be a part of it as well, and to his greater surprise, their parents agreed to both of them participating and even agreed to pay for it.
Dean cleaned his legs in the same precision as he cleaned his arms, touching every inch of skin and making sure all is covered with soap. At this angle, Castiel had a view of Dean’s shoulders as he worked. He stood there, watching Dean cleaning him, and let his thoughts wander.
And our home was deserted from laughter and smile
” He was pointing at a dark corner with a couple of benches near a parking lot across the street. “Yes, please” was the only answer Cas thought was fitting.
Dean: What, Cas?
It was towards the end of the first semester of their second year, and they all had a big math test on Friday. To celebrate being done with the test, they decided to go to a night club a town away. The club was called “The Bunker,” and had three floors: one that played classic rock, one that played heavy metal, and one that played hip hop. It was the only club that played the music they loved (except hip hop, but two out of three is good enough) that was targeted to kids ages 16 to 21.
Two weeks after that first pill, and a week before their graduation ceremony, he was walking with Dean to meet their friends at recess. One moment his head was full of cotton balls, like the medication package insert said the side effects could be, and on the next one, his head was suddenly clear.
“Into a fight that got you a bleeding eyebrow?” He knew that it was probably a piercing. Their school prohibited piercings but had no right to ask students about what’s under their bandage, so kids exploited that loophole. He just wanted to make Dean laugh, and maybe feel a little better himself in the process.
And when beat like a dog you came back to our shed,
“Yes.”
Every year, Castiel’s high school sent a delegation of forty-five students from the second year’s class to see the consequences of car accidents by visiting hospitals and rehabilitation centers around the country. It included a week of traveling and learning, and by the end of it the students are supposed to teach the other students in their year about what they saw and learned.
“Dean, what about you? Are you going?” Castiel asked hopefully.
“What are they going to do about it? Expel me? We’re literally graduating tonight.”
The sudden change in position and the coldness of the tile wall made Castiel yelp. Dean took the opportunity and licked into his mouth. It was strange, having someone else's tongue against his, but not in a bad way. It was soft and textured. Castile pressed his tongue against Dean’s and flicked it up.
It took Dean another minute or so to cum as well. He cursed through gritted teeth as he spilled on Castiel’s belly, adding more to the mess. After a few seconds, Dean flopped on the bed and lay on his back next to Castiel.
His Cell phone, right, he put it on his bed before he started reading and didn’t take it (or anything else for that matter) when Dean knocked and invited him over.
“Shut up! I was just teasing him about chickening out. You knew I believed you all along and was just teasing, right Cas?”
When the song ended, and Nirvana’s ‘Smell like teen spirit’ started, Castiel noticed Balthazar was not with them. He figured he must have gone to buy himself a drink, or went to the bathroom, so he kept on dancing. The song ended, followed by two others, and Balthazar was still not with them. Castiel grabbed Meg’s arm to get her attention. When she looked at him, he shouted to her ear:
“Thank you for reminding me why I don’t like you. For a minute there I thought you were a half decent guy.” From the look on Dean’s face, Castiel couldn't be sure if he was kidding or if he was really offended.
In my simple trench coat and the tie I can't tame,
“I’ll try to remember that the next time I’ll almost gag when I’ll stand next to him.” Castiel wasn’t thrilled about this, but maybe having a good teacher was worth sacrificing his sense of smell.
Balthazar, apparently, wasn’t affected by Dean’s admission like Castiel was, because his next statement made Castiel want to punch Balthazar in the face as well.
“If you need another blanket, there are more on the left side of the closet, okay?” Dean’s voice interrupted Castiel’s thoughts, his voice slurred from exhaustion. “I’m so tired I can’t keep my eyes open. Good night, Cas.”  With that, Dean turned on his belly and snuggled into his blanket.
Thinking about the rest of the week reminded him that there’s school tomorrow, and that he’ll have to go home in a few hours to get ready and sleep. He didn’t want to go home. He didn’t want the weekend to end. He wanted to feel calm for a few days more. He wanted to feel less pain. The week meant hours of class time, time where the ache in his soul was more noticeable, and more time at home, where the ache intensified.
"Hello, Dean,” Castiel couldn’t help smiling in response to the nickname. “I had Calculus, not the most exciting thing in the world. How was yours?" Castiel eyed the other two guys with Dean curiously, fighting a surge of possessiveness. Castiel didn’t mind that Dean had brought company. He was simply curious, and definitely not jealous. Why would he be jealous? He had just met Dean yesterday and Dean was allowed to have other friends. It wasn’t a big deal. Really. Besides, the nickname Dean had just given him had to mean
“Because it’s funny.” Balthazar focused on him through the mirror and wiggled his eyebrows.
“Sure. Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.”
He felt Dean holding his right elbow and directing him to lift his hand. Soapy hands went from the side of his body up to his armpit. Castiel braced himself for the tickling sensation, but it never came. From his armpit, Dean used both his hands to cover his arm with soap. When he got to Castiel’s palm, he laced their fingers together, like he was holding his hand, and made sure every finger was clean. Castiel wanted nothing more but to close his fingers and really hold Dean’s hand, but by the time he made up his mind, Dean let go and went to his left arm to repeat the process.
“Cas wanted to know if I saw Balthazar.”
I took a second for Dean to reply.
"I trust you as well, with all that I am, but I don't trust myself. I don’t know if I’ll be able to continue being us the same as always after that. I don't want to lose you, and I don't know if it's not too late as it is."
What the hell just happened? Did he really just have sex with a man for the first time in front of everyone?
It was at that moment the Dean came back. He threw the clothes on the bed.
Yes it wasn't that good, it was bad to no shame,
“That's cool! Did it hurt? Did you go alone?” He felt a pang of disappointment that he was not invited.
“Me too, we’ll split.” With that, Balthazar got his phone and called a cab.
This situation amused Castiel to no end. They may look scary, wearing black and listening to rock and heavy metal, but they were actually nerds. Sure, Dean had an altercation with their English Lit teacher that ended with Dean flipping over his table and storming out the door. He switched to a different English Lit class after that. But they were all A students, and they all liked going to school, not just because they could meet each other every day.
“Basically? Technically? What is that supposed to mean?”
It was a hot afternoon. The skies were clear with only a few fluffy white clouds scattered here and there. He felt much better outside. The further he walked towards Dean’s house, the more he felt his anger melt away. By the time he called Dean to come out of his house, he was almost calm. They walked together to Victor’s house and the three of them crossed the street to where Ash lived.
Castiel nodded, and Dean started moving his hands in circles all over his back. He moved his head to the side, breaking eye contact, and pressed his chest to Castiel’s, leaning his head on his shoulder. He continued lathering his back, movements wide and exploring. It was so nice, almost innocent, if you ignored both of their erections, which apparently that’s what they did. Castiel leaned on Dean and put his own head on the other’s shoulder in return.
“What? You make no sense. Is it one of the pill things again, like last week?”
Castiel smiled and waved. He could see why Dean befriended them, and why he thought they would like him as well.
After that, there were pages upon pages filled with only one thing.
“So that's what you did when I was away? Good to know. Did you recommend the color?”
After a few more massaging movements, accompanied by Castiel small huffs of breath, Dean stater really stroking him. He held his cock firmly right below the head and slid his hand down to the base. The feeling of electric fire filled Castiel’s brain. Hot pleasure connected the places Dean’s hand was on to the pit of his belly. Dean kept a steady slow pace, stroking up and down, touching the underside of the head, but not going over it. It drove Castiel mad. He wanted Dean to touch him all over, head included. He slowly thrust up while Dean’s hand was at the bottom of his cock and drew back down while Dean’s hand was under his head, causing Dean to touch it as well.
I like to say goodnight and go to sleep
“That it, all done.”
“And to that I said,” Jo interjected, “that if it’s no one else’s business, then it’s none of ours, so we just need to let you know you can come to us about it and let you decide if and when to come out to us.”
Stunned, Castiel just kept standing by the door, watching Dean’s back as he walked away. After a few steps Dean stopped and looked at Castiel over his shoulder with questioning eyes. "Are you coming or not?"
A year after, his younger brother came along and took whatever was left of his mother's attention from him and his sister. Feeling betrayed and abandoned, on top of being alone and angry, Castiel withdrew into himself more and more. He found solace in reading, listening to music, and painting, but that wasn’t enough.
Dean seemed so concerned and honest if melted Castiel’s heart.
“Do you like what you see?”
“Breath for me Cas.” Dean whispered to his ear. He let go of the breath he held and then took another one, releasing it with a quiet moan. “That’s it, breath. You can make all the sounds you want to, just keep on staying still. We’re almost done.”
Castiel’s home hadn’t been a happy place for him since third grade, when his parents had suddenly uprooted him and Anna to move here, leaving behind what tenuous friendships the two had managed to create and leaving behind any sense of normalcy and structure. Anna and Castiel ended up in a new school, both struggling to make friends and find their place in school. Even all these years later, Castiel was angry. Angry at his life being uprooted without reason and upset at the rifts that move created in his family.
Dean: Drinking whiskey!
How it was, it would be, frame by frame.
"Why?" Castiel asked, digging his phone out of his pocket and handing it over to Dean.
Ash’s house had a big backyard, and his parents loved hosting barbeques when the weather was nice. When they got there, Ash’s father was putting raw hamburgers on the grill, while his mother placed a plate of scorched hotdogs on the table.
“Okay. Why do you have all of that on your bed?”
Dean: Though I don’t love bees
“Wha-”
“Couldn’t say it better if I tried.”
I love bees, yeah
Castiel thought about Dean’s offer. There was no real reason for him not to take him up on it. Really, Castiel was happy that Dean wanted to help and opened his room and bed to him.
The studio was well lit and smelled of disinfectant. There was a treatment bed on one side of the studio, a chair, and shelves full of boxes. Rufus told him to sit on the bed while he gathered what he needed. He put a metal tray next to him on the bed and put some tools and things in sealed plastic bags on it.
Balthazar started running towards the skate park as soon as the sentence came out of his mouth. Huffing, Dean shook his head and started running after him, Castiel following him a moment later.
“I actually liked the ‘commanding and teasing’ you. It’s hot.”
Castiel took off his clothes as fast as he could, not wanting to lose his courage and back out. All the while Dean kept his back towards him and looked at the shower wall. Naked, he walked in behind Dean, who moved a little closer to the wall, and closed the curtain. The shower wasn’t big but was big enough for the two of them to stand comfortably without needing to touch each other.
The question of ‘How can Dean form a coherent sentence in this situation?’ was cut from his mind as Dean adjusted his position on him slightly to the right. That made his hand move in a different angle. The new angle put pressure on the right spot for Castiel, and white-hot pleasure coursed from the tips of his head and tows, through his belly, and out of his dick in thick ropes of cum.
“Christ Cas! You almost made me spill this god-awful drink on both of us! Where are you going?”
Once more, Castiel was standing (sort of) at the doorway to Dean’s room. Only now, there was no one there. It looked exactly the way he remembered it, under the cob webs and dust. The bed was near the window and at the wall, to its left, stood Dean’s wardrobe. He had no table in his room; he and Sam did their homework in the main hall and used their rooms only for sleep. Near the bed was a small nightstand. Dean had a bedside lamp on it, so he could read at night, and a picture of his mom. The lamp was still there, but not the picture. Castiel’s heart sunk, he was too late. Dean was not here anymore. He would not have left without his mother’s picture.
At that moment a loud noise of someone turning on a microphone blasted through the speakers, and the room fell quiet. The principal of their high school, Mr. Shurley wanted to start the ceremony. The ceremony had two parts. The first part had all the speeches: The principal’s, the head of the PTA’s, the head of the student body's, and the honorary students. The second part had all the graduating students walk on stage and get their diploma. That part came after a short intermission, in which the students had time to get behind the stage and get in line.
“Thank you.” He told Garth as he took the phone from him.
With that, Castiel’s body started working on autopilot, and he found himself following Dean, mind running a mile a second.
In my simple trench coat and the tie I can't tame,
He didn’t noticed Dean stopped what he was doing until he heard him say:
A knock on the door stopped their make out session. “What?” Dean yelled from too close to Castiel’s ears. Dean probably realized this in the second it took whoever was on the other side of the door to answer, because he winced and said “Sorry...” to Castiel in a softer voice.
“Cas has nails on his bed, so I invited him to spend the night.” Dean informed his parents.
Cas: Puns.
“I hope army boots are not the official footwear to be considered as your friend, because I don’t think I have a way to get a pair.” Castiel hoped it sounded like a joke, though deep inside he really wanted to fit in with those guys. The last time he had so many potential friends was when he was in first grade.
Not really feeling like dancing anymore, Castiel made his way to the bar. He didn’t want a drink, but he figured he could join Dean and Charlie. Halfway through he bumped into Charlie.
Dean: PB&J?
Castiel couldn’t hide his smile even if he tried to. He was going to spend a week in the same bus, at the same motels, and going through the same experiences as Balthazar. Meg looked at Castiel after seeing who entered the room and winked, apparently knowing exactly what was going through his mind.
It was all said with a smile and a wink, and only when they were being goofy. At the beginning of this new development, he didn’t know how to react, but after a while he started answering with” give me a time and a place and I’ll be there”. He never got a response from Dean for that.
“We were watching a movie”. Dean’s father shrugged.
"No! Not at all! They’re one of my favorite bands. Just caught me off guard, that’s all."
“I’m still cleaning you. Be patient.”
Castiel saw Dean in many stages of undress, but never fully naked. He tried not to look at Dean’s cock, forcing himself to concentrate on his eyes instead. It wasn’t easy. Castiel really wanted to know what it looked like. What was its color? Was it curved or was it straight? But he was so embarrassed by exposing Dean without his permission that he didn’t dare to even take a peek.
Castiel laughed at the remark. Jo had Ash wrapped around her finger. Usually it was cute, but sometimes even he felt it got a little too much (and Jo was one of his best friends, so it tells you something about the whole situation). Castiel handed Dean the shampoo from around the shower curtain, so as to not invade his privacy. When he withdrew his hand, the edge of the curtain got stuck to it and moved, revealing Dean in all his naked glory.
"It was great so far!” Dean grinned. “Oh, and I met these guys from my Computer Science class. They’re pretty cool." Dean was actually bouncing around while saying that. "Cas, Meet Ash and Victor. Ash, Victor, meet Cas, the guy I was telling you about."
“Okey. But why do you have nails on his bed?” John, turned to face castile.
Dean’s moan was downright dirty. He pulled back a bit and groaned. “Fuck! I forgot about your piercing.” And dove back in.
“I don’t know, I think mine is more than half…”
The ride to the parlor took about 15 minutes. It was a quiet ride. Castiel was too nervous to talk, so he just sat and looked out the window. Dean and Balthazar, not really being friends with each other, sat there quietly as well.
Castiel hugged back. “I missed you too.” After the hug ended, Castiel closed the front door and said: “Let’s go to my room if you want to talk, we’ll have some privacy.”
“Dean!” He pushed harder. “I’m starting to get cold!”
Until they would carry you back up to me.
“You’re right. I don’t think the bus will be a good idea, I’ll call a cab.”
“Is violence really necessary?” He should be accustomed to it by now, but even after almost three years, he didn’t like it. “And yes, I do believe it. I worked way too hard on getting here to have myself doute it.”
“Wha ca aa shwek ora’ee???”
“Hey Cas, I think we have Math together.” Victor said confidently as he reached to shake Castiel’s hand. Up close, Castiel was impressed by how tall Victor was.
He searched the web for a while and found a parlor close to him with good recommendations. On their website it said that there is no need to make an appointment for piercing, and to just come. It had a price table with all kinds of piercings. It also said that kids under age 16 needed a parent's permission. Castiel’s parents will never give him permission. Luckily, he was over 17.
And the same worn suit that I got to my name,
“Is it okay?” He asked again, and Castiel’s heart melted by the fact that he’s still asking for his consent even after it was pretty sure he was on board with whatever Dean wanted to do.
In a simple trench coat on bridge with one light,
"Yes."
Cas: Well sure, Dean, but not now, huh?
Mrs. Donna Hanscum was the school guidance counselor.
"Thank you,” Castiel replied. “I think you’re the only one ever to like my nails. Most people just laugh at me and call me names."
“I need to decide which one of these fine fellas I want more. Or more accurately, which one of them I
To make matters worse, Castiel struggled at home as well. His relationship with his twin, Anna, was strained at best. He had always thought they should be closer, being twins and all, however he found he often struggled with connecting with her. It would have been nice to have her as an ally at school and even at home. However, Anna was on the spectrum and found their tumultuous home life too overwhelming, so she stayed in her room most of the time. At school, she had her own slew of issues to deal with. Their mother always had her hands full with their baby brother, Samandriel, who was a toddler now. Their father always worked late and was rarely home. When he was, their parents fought more than they talked.
On the second day of the new school year, Castiel was slowly collecting his stuff from his locker when someone tapped him on the shoulder. Startled, he glanced up to find one of the new students casually leaning on the locker beside him. Castiel eyed him curiously, noting the guy’s worn AC/DC shirt that had seen better days and the black leather bracelet with metal spikes he wore around his wrist.
