“And what did you tell him?” Steve takes the glass, sips, winces.
And then Gus is a fucking asshole.
“Good enough,” Steve says cruelly. “Say no,” he tells him, standing, gripping Tony’s nape in his palm.
Tony’s eyes droop. He strokes his throat. “Next week,” he says, “I’ll be at yours, as soon as the gala’s finished. I expect the red carpet, Steven.”
“I do not work with
Secondly, Tony, I am concerned for you. From an objective point of view, you must think me hypocritical. Possibly negligent. However, from what I can see you drink too much. I fear you may be taking drugs. Please, Tony, you have to stop. I know that maybe you’re bored, or maybe there are other reasons, reasons that as your mother I should have addressed. I have not been a good mother, I am fully aware. Never let it be said that I am not achingly, acutely, aware of how I have failed my only son.
“Ah,” Steve says “I see.”
When he wakes up again, he’s sagging, a wrist packed in a splint and wrapped in plastic.
Steve looks at him, more serious. “But that’s not your type,” he says, “is it? I thought you just – that was a power thing, an influence thing.”
That’s the word. Air smells damp. Like they’re buried, safe, beneath a lake.
Peter Parker rubs the back of his neck, looks uneasy. “You were gone a long time. I panicked. I know — what I saw in the news, or whatever, but I didn’t have anyone else to give me answers. I didn’t — Mr Stark, there’s no one else I can trust now.”
“It’s – interesting,” Steve replies, which Tony knows means he does, but doesn’t want to admit it. The same way his eyes lit up when Tony ran lipstick across his hand to test the colour, and bought the sheer red panties.
“I’m – sorry. For my little breakdown.”
“The world has changed,” she agrees, “as I was just saying to the Captain.”
“Yeah. I know.” Tony crumbles some bread in his fingers. “Just thought you should know. In case there’s a conflict of interest.”
Steve’s lips brush his throat. Gentle, and soft. Tony relaxes. “Here,” he says, carefully coaxing him forward, away from his corner. “Slowly, darling. There’s no rush.”
“Recover?” Steve had asked.
Tony doesn’t say anything. “I,” he starts, and doesn’t know how to finish.
They had woken up next to each other. That was the first time Steve ever got to see Tony’s slightly sheepish, lazy morning smile. It wouldn’t be the last.
“About next week,” Steve starts, guiltily, when Tony has tapered off.
Steve sighs. He doesn’t know. “I loved you enough for it.”
Rhodes blinks furiously. He pushes his fingers against Steve’s chest. Looks like he’s about to rip Steve a new one.
“It does seem that way,” Pierce comments, like it’s a curiosity. He seems to relent, sighing. “Soldier,” he orders, waving his hand.
Strange shrugs a shoulder. "More power to you, Captain," he says. "I would, if I were in your shoes. The bad news is, I can't tell you exactly. Could this whole mess have been avoided? Probably. All I'm going to say is you can't keep looking for constant do-overs. If you screw over the next timeline, don't you dare think about slapping your palm back into another. You get one do-over, understand?"
Steve scents his neck, deeply. It feels good to have him there. Like he belongs there. His hands are creeping up Tony’s back, pulling closer, a hand in his hair, gripping. And tugging.
“Are you still stroking your sweet spot?”
Tony doesn’t turn, but Steve can see his reflection in the window. He has shut his eyes. In reflection or stubbornness, Steve doesn’t know.
Hands on his shoulders, his wrist, pulling him up. The worst part is, Tony doesn’t even fight it; he goes limp, completely, and hears himself making an awful keening moan, the most he can do just using his body-weight to try and stay in his safe corner. “No,” he hears Pierce say, “no, no Rumlow – leave him, he’s not – just don’t touch him.”
He rolls onto his back, and someone covers him with a blanket. Sometime after, he falls asleep to murmured voices.
Steve is silent for a time while Tony rifles through his clothes. He was so sure he stashed his night pants here. Maybe in the other drawer?
There is light streaming down from above, blocked by leaves, but enough to see around in the gloom. The hole is small, perfectly cylindrical, rock walls and stone beneath his feet. Man made.
Tony’s new meds have the desired – if strange – effect. He gets out of bed in the morning. He eats his breakfast. He smiles too much, and too broad. He joins conversations at inopportune moments, sometimes talking about something else entirely. Other than that, he sits alone, talking to himself about whatever it is he’s reading, or watching.
“He would be perfect, I guess.”
“Was Stone happy?”
Anyway, as per, comments are loved. I always want to know how the characters are shaping up, especially Steve -- since he's not the POV character, it's harder to make his motivations clear.
He shakes his head futilely, once, because he can feel Steve’s gentle fingers creeping into the down of his feathers, fingers carelessly tucking themselves into the softness. “No,” he gasps. “I meant – Jesus, Rogers, I was just drunk.”
“I don’t know,” Pierce shrugs, “I assume so. Don’t we all?”
Now the man looks stiff, awkward. The crowd is shuffling. Steve smells like – shit, well, he smells like fight, close to it at least. He isn’t kidding. He wants that apology, and he wants it
He makes Tony coffee. He doesn’t agree with Steve’s switch. He thinks, at first, he might have tried to drag him along with it, because caffeine is bad for you and Tony’s always used it as a substitute for a real night’s sleep. He had humoured Steve, for a while. Couple weeks, maybe. It’s fine. Life’s short, so, take your comforts where you can, right?
“You do that,” Steve says, voice rough, warm. Tony puts down his cell and picks off the buttons of his shirt, kicks down his pants, squirms out of them and pushes everything down the bed. The air is warm, but his skin goose-pimples anyway.
“Do you?”
“He’s just – gone,” Steve says, simply. “And they don’t think he’s coming back.”
“I should have fought better. Hell, I could have joined you, I guess. I don’t know.”
Steve’s eyes flash. A sore point, maybe. “What’s so good about you worth getting?”
“Nah, you didn’t,” Tony is panting, gasping when he seats himself slowly, inch by inch on Steve’s cock. “You’re so fucking
“Yes,” he groans, thrusting. He braces his hand on Tony’s back, as if building up to something big, and then just – pulls out, and back in. “You feel so good, baby. So good. Such a tight fucking hole – “
Steve folds his arms. “This is the alpha locker room.”
“You’re back,” Sarah is smiling. “I started the risotto. You want to finish?”
What can Jarvis say to that? He’s just a computer.
The ramp descends. A blue woman, black eyed, and a bedraggled, half-naked Tony. Tony.
“Sex isn’t weakness.”
He tries again, looking up at him through lashes, shifting apart his legs. Steve doesn’t look turned on; he looks disgusted.
“Nebula, where are they?” Rocket asks. “Fuck, you’re not telling me – “
“It’s okay, Tony.”
He never thanked him.
“You got rid of it,” Tony says quietly. See? The first voice hisses, he wanted to get rid of you! He is desperate to get rid of you! They all are! They’re all too civil to say it, Tony, but they want us gone! Why are you forcing yourself to stay, no one wants you, you don’t even want you, why don’t –
“No, but I’m sure you’re about to tell me.”
“Tony, I’m sorry. If I had known — “
He rolls on the soft, mossy ground, tries to find him, tries to see the king of dickheads himself, because he tried to murder him, after everything, it was all an act, the repentance, the pain, he was just playing them all so he could kill him.
“Didn’t you?”
“Or, we could avenge,” Steve agrees.
and that they’ll never want to touch him again.
"C'mon," Steve chides "up, get in." He turns back to the woman "Thanks." He says again, and follows Tony inside.
Tony slowly turns to frown at him, and Steve shrugs. "Had to say something."
“Good boy,” Steve says warmly. “That’s what I like to see.”
Tony scowls at him best he can. He doesn’t really care; it’s just the
Tony's breath catches slightly. "Uh," he says "you're welcome, Sir."
“Pepper filled us in,” she says succinctly “but what about, she said Diana was taking you to Tony, so—”
“How are you feeling? Other than… how’s the pain?”
The bluntness shocks him. “I care,” Steve says gently.
Steve takes Tony’s arms and crosses them on his belly, holds him there, supportive. Warm, and secure. “Shh,” he soothes, and Tony… does. He hears himself stop. Quiet.
Steve is pulling off his fishnet sweater, unbuttoning the leather pants. “C’mon,” he urges gently, “let’s get some proper clothes.”
Tony seems to accept this. "My head is really, really killing."
"Steve, all we're talking about it stress relief. If having me by your feet chills you out then, by all means, sign me up. Let's do it."
“Tony had the phone. Carries it with him, I think, I – who cares, Steve? He dropped it when the lizard man tried to break his neck – “
The room’s noise dips, Steve feels eyes on him. “A joke,” he says, and the chatter resumes, more strained than before.
“Cap,” Tony says again, leaning close, squinting at him, “you look like you’ve seen a ghost. Need some rest?”
“Here,” he calls, voice hoarse, broken “we’re here.” And he coughs, lolls weakly against the wall.
The alpha who’s been steadily avoiding his eyes, fingers twitching every time he fixes his cards. “You from around here?” Steve asks, quietly, dragging in deep.
“Three days,” he says “we’ll stop the meds for three days, and we’ll see what happens, okay? This is crazy, I know, it’s stupid, but – if you really think they’re making you worse, then I’ll take your word for it. But Tony, if you start – spiralling, if bad things start happening, I’m calling the doctor straight away, okay? And you will have to submit to whatever treatment he thinks is going to work, because – you need to get better. We can’t go if you’re not better,” and Steve hates himself for waving that in Tony’s face, for holding it up as a goal. It feels wrong, demeaning. And yet.
“Yeah, maybe,” Pierce agrees. “But like I said, let me paint you a picture. Now that Fury’s dead, you’re probably going to find yourself in need of new employment.”
“Good,” Nick says heavily, turning back to his tablet. “That should keep you entertained, hmm?”
Tony covers it with his hand, self-consciously. He’s not so sure that’s true, but he appreciates Steve’s lie.
And what. Have some low-level beta tech come running, seeing his moon ass bent over a railing, red with Steve’s print? Put in his place, is what they would say, probably.
"Shh," Steve says quietly "keep it down. He's asleep."
“Peter?”
Tony doesn’t say,
“No you don’t. I never smell it on you.”
“Decaf.”
“I had no idea you – liked him, that way.”
Tony pushes his good hand beneath him, against the table-top. Forces himself straight. Pierce is right. He won’t be able reach him, not in this state.
“You did,” Steve agrees, cupping the side of his head.
Steve holds his gaze. And Tony looks away first.
Steve’s hand is warm on his hip. “Hi,” he says, quietly. “I ordered a pizza.”
“He was raiding a base,” Hill starts to fill him in, blisteringly efficient. “Turns out, they had human livestock – if you understand what I mean.”
Steve is quiet, for a time. Then he says, “Maybe, if Harry hadn’t been allowed to do those things, he never would have become the person strong enough to…”
They walk, a procession, until they reach the outer perimeter of what used to be HQ. There are ambulances, police, the stirrings of the military already arriving. They lay his body on the grass, and drape it with a sheet. Word travels fast.
Now, Steve is driving through New York. What for? Something that doesn’t matter, a talk, or a seminar, he can’t even remember. He’s not feeling awful, which makes a pleasant change, and there’s the first bite of winter in the air.
“I’m so glad you could make it,” he’s telling him, brushing his hands lightly against Tony’s shoulders, squeezing, the whole length of him at his back. His grip has Tony leaning into the back of the chair, the pressure filling up all those instinctive, reassuring signals: safe, and covered, and protected, right against the softness of his tertials. “You might not know this, but it’s very important to me that you respect me, Tony.”
"That's what I thought. Steve! Steve it's number four -- "
“You first,” Tony prompts. “Tell me if it’s too hot.”
“A friend. Or whatever — well, whatever happens, I suppose. But we’ve worked well together, here. I don’t see any reason not to let it continue.”
Steve swallowed. “Yeah, I — went for a run.”
"He's thrown up." Clint says, and Tony hears the smack of a metal bin opening and closing. "Clean him up."
“Oh, to see to me?”
"No touching."
“Steve,” Tony tries, something like panic starting in his belly, “I’m – here for you, darling, I’m – “
They take his arm, gently fold it out, swab the skin with cotton. Tony is in so much pain. They prick him, tape it all up. He starts to slip away. He hears sirens. He hears blood in his ears. Paramedics speaking a language he doesn’t understand. And then Steve, who kisses his palm before he goes so far under he can’t tell sound and taste and sight apart from anything at all. The pain follows him. Eventually, blissfully, he blacks out.
So I have most of this planned out and I'm just kinda writing when I get the time.
option, I make you perfect. In every way. Physically and mentally.” He lowers his lips to Tony’s ear: “A clean slate,” he whispers. “A special dose, just for you. Ready to mould however I want you and – believe me, Tony, I
“Next time I’ll tell you,” Steve tells him, earnestly. “I’ll make sure.”
Steve suddenly feels very, very, unsafe. “Are they—”
That butters him up, slightly. He allows himself a small smile. “Yeah, well. I will not rest ‘til the scourge of, uh…”
“But it’s important you know. Thank you. For everything.”
“Depends. You want a repeat of the helicarrier?”
“Honestly,” Steve says “they’ll find us here. God, okay, how long has it been since the plane was hijacked? Nearly a day? They’ll be here soon.”
“No,” pushing Tony back into place. “We’re done when I say we’re done.”
“I would like that,” Steve says simply. This isn’t a hospital; Tony was sectioned soon after they had done what they could do for his wrists. It’s also the best money can buy, although, like the doctor said, Tony doesn’t have much of that anymore. Steve is relieved to find that the corridors are wide and clean, the windows large, the beds cushioned with soft pillows and fresh linen. Tony is sitting in a chair – a wheelchair, Steve realises – facing a window, looking out at the dense trees. The window is locked, obviously, but still the sunlight ripples through his hair, splays on his skin.
They travel in silence, and as the sky darkens it begins to rain, light at first, and then just heavy. Steve puts on the radio, asks Tony is there’s anything he would prefer, and when he gets no answer settles on an eighties music station that he knows Tony likes. The windscreen wipers push away rain from the window. Tony rests his head on the door and appears to fall asleep.
He trails off. “It will be good for her,” he says, nodding, “because, there are lots of photos of her dad as a kid in here. You’ll want to have them.”
“I’m not sure you know what you’re getting in to.”
“Then what is it?!” Tony asks, shaking him. “What could I do to get you back? We were,” he tries to huff a laugh, a smile “we were so happy, weren’t we?” And he cups Steve’s cheek. “We were so happy. We can still be happy, I know it.”
he tries to say. He searches Steve’s eyes.
“I wouldn’t disturb the dead,” Thor says evenly. “An artefact would suffice.”
Fury pierces the peel of the fruit with his thumb. “You sleep like the dead, Tony. D’you know that?” He slides a piece into his mouth, chews.
Tony thinks, Nick never wanted to play cards.
“I’m – I’m fine,” Tony insists, although his legs are still shaking, “I’m fine, I just – “
Freshly cooked eggs. Hash browns. Steve has made him breakfast in bed. He always does, the morning after a scene. Tony loves it, although he wouldn't admit it. No one's even done this for him, none of the investors he's ever wooed with his sexual prowess ever bothered.
Inside the cell, it scents like blood and sweat. Steve is shivering, whimpering, knees drawn up to his chest. Tony moves quietly, feet falling softly on the cold, metal floor. “Hi,” he whispers. He holds out his hand. “Steve,” he says, softly. “Hey, Steve. It’s me. It’s just me, here for you.”
“Shut up,” Tony mutters, and he folds his sleeves down over his arms. It doesn’t matter, it doesn’t exist, it never happened. Focus on the forward. Focus on the forward, that’s what the therapist kept saying in the ward, focus on the forward, Tony, because you can’t change the past.
Steve pauses. “Yes. I think so, Director.”
in charge at all –
Do you have any fond memories of me? I wouldn't think so. We never did spend much time together. I covered the basics, mainly. And when Jarvis left SI and came to work at home permanently he took over. For which I am eternally grateful. That man loved you, Tony, even then. You were his little man. I am so glad you had him and conversely, he had you.
Pierce offers his arm. Tony takes it. “I have a gift for you,” he says.
“Oh yeah?” Steve raises a brow, leans back in his seat. “An official position, huh? I’m honoured.”
He comes back to himself, somewhere, sometime.
So what will you do? Can I offer advice? Can I even presume to do that? Listen, Tony, because this it the only piece of advice I will ever give you: don't follow your father. Don't become a lonely patriot. Don't become an alcoholic. This is all self-explanatory. But Tony, please, if I can say one thing, do not let your pride be your undoing. Not like Howard. Don't refuse help, never refuse help. If you are so lucky to find someone who wants to help you, take it. If you ever -- God forbid -- find yourself low, do not be afraid to ask for help. Howard never did. He never does. He's dying because his drinking has drilled holes in his liver and he never wanted to ask for help.
“Good. I’m glad.”
She was a kid, the second voice says. She was a kid, Tony, and she was angry, and look at her, look how remorseful she is, look at what she’s had to overcome, lost her parents, her brother, her home.
Steve shakes his head. “No,” he says shortly. “Apologise to him.”
It’s not just Ross. Two beta men in uniform, an older alpha woman with her sleeves rolled up to her elbows. “Oh great,” Tony says, mouth twisting. “The whole gang is here.”
Steve stares at him, in-between ladling stew from a large metal vat into a bowl. “You’re here,” he says, betraying neither positive or negative emotion.
They did the soles of his feet, too, but those are long gone. Tony’s toes twitch at the memory, and Steve’s kisses on each scar don’t do much to bring him back. But then he nips at the soft, plump skin of his inner thigh, bites once, then again,
He feels his meds start to work. Everything becomes very muted. Steve asks if he wants to go for a walk and he smiles and nods. The voices calm themselves. Steve straps up Tony’s boots tight, changes his sweater, lets him put the parka back on and fits him with some gloves and a scarf. The meds mean this doesn’t bother Tony nearly as much as it should.
“Not your job. Don’t say that.”
So Steve's logic is pretty sound: subs are more receptive when they're under. Steve is going to mend the damage.
Every part of him aches, though. He assumes the painkillers should have taken care of it, but in his loose state it occurs to him that it runs deeper. Months of never sitting still. Years of strained muscles and holding yourself so tight your joints go from bone to stone to iron. He's creaking, like rusty metal. He needs more, more, more softness. More gentle touches. Blunt nails, scraping over his scalp, easing the ache for touch alone.
Killian opens his door. “This will fix that,” he says, “trust me, Tony.”
“Can I, can I ask you somethin’?” Gus manages.
Tony feels Steve sit and -- warm, he's very warm in Steve's arms. He whines slightly when Steve lays him on the couch, the soft leather cold. At least it's squashy. Squashy is good. Squashy feels great.
“I’ll talk to him,” Tony says dismissively. He clears his throat, realising he probably looks a little too eager. “I’ll talk to him,” he repeats, slowly. “It’ll be fine.”
No one says anything.
He wakes, but he’s not afraid. Not at all. There’s a strange buzzing under his skin – a pull.
“I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that.”
The stones. Vision. Fuck, where is
Time keeps moving. A minute goes by, two. Someone taps his shoulder. Steve can’t —
He sighs, and rests his cheek on Steve's lap. He stares up at him. "Do you accept my apology?"
It occurs to Tony that’s he probably been bad – no, rude, sitting here with the baby all afternoon. Still, he’s sad. “They’re leaving?” He asks, bereft. “Don’t they want to stay?”
Tony has a knife. He had curled it in his fist in the disturbance, pushed his hand under a cushion on the couch, hidden.
“And put in some calls, had some things moved about, huh?”
“Yeah,” Steve tells him, stroking hair behind his ear.
“So where are you?”
“Oh sure, I know how you like older guys.”
He’s standing, near enough plastered against the window, hands behind his back. But it’s a dominance move, a clear one, because it means Tony can see the sheer breadth of his wings, from his shoulder-blades all the way to the tips of his primaries. Sheer white, straight out of a propaganda poster for a Nazi eugenics programme. Although Steve would probably balk at the thought. That’s just how good he is.
Which figures. Nothing gets easier, at least, not for them.
He feels firm hands tugging him in, pulling him onto the smooth metal of the quinjet floor, feels water tipped into his mouth and a hand in his hair. “It’s good to see you, Cap,” Bruce grins, and he sets him in one of the chairs. “Here,” he says, handing him a protein bar “eat this to tide you over.”
“Oh, it’s out of my system,” he says darkly. “This is all me, Tony.”
Steve stares. “You didn’t know,” he remembers. “Of course, you didn’t know.”
“I’m here,” Tony says, aware he sounds a hint manic. “Ready to – to get my soup on.”
“I don’t know, Steve. What do you want me to say? If I knew, I’d…” he huffs, puts his head in his hands. “Sorry,” he mutters, “I haven’t slept. Or I have, but – not well. You know.”
“I could do it, before. When we were – I can’t give myself to a person I know… they can’t give themselves back,” he tells him, softly. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
He presses forward, just slightly – eyes shut, nose close the skin of Pierce’s jaw. Sandalwood. Sandalwood and – his dad’s aftershave, still. Tony is sitting on his dad’s lap, in his study. The floors have just been waxed clean, lemon. And his dad is showing him how to shine a shoe, bristles and polish.
The first time Steve calls, Tony lets it ring out.
Tony doesn’t know why he asks it. He doesn’t know why he answers, ‘no’, honestly, without fear. Steve accepts this, crawls forward so he’s lying next to Tony. Rolls onto his side. “Can I ask a question?” he says, blinking at him, slowly.
“That’s not true,” Steve whispers. “Tony, I — “
“Understand?”
Still. Peter was one of theirs.
“Oh, you want to fight me now?” Steve is smiling, but Tony can tell he’s tired. More than tired, in fact. A bone-deep weariness. “I didn’t figure you’d be up on your feet so soon. I bought food.”
“It’s not about your choices,” Steve frowns. “I’m not talking about
He brushes his palm over his scalp.
Tony is omega, which means he is in control of his anger, always. Good omegas are not quick to temper, and do not lash out in anger. He’s not some alpha, full of rage.
“Tony it’s February.”
“Christ, of what?! You don’t fuck, Rogers. There’s nothing to be jealous of.”
Tony wants to say,
“True. I don’t think you’ve ever loved anyone.”
He feels his fingers curling around the crumpled photograph, pulling it free from his jacket pocket. He doesn’t want to see it again, so he shuts his eyes, holds it out. He doesn’t have the energy to speak. Steve takes it from his hand.
Tony takes this in. "Did you... was this comforting to you?"
out of interest, how many people would be interested if I started a patreon? Obviously u don't have to be, it just might be a cool place for me to post more snippets like this one and chapter previews, plus maybe all the unfinished stuff that's mostly plotted and has full scenes that I'll never finish? and I guess there's also the chapters for the stuff I have on the backburner like sharp teeth, bicameral minds, etc. where some people might be interested in snippets while waiting for actual chapters? plus all the porn that's just.... too dirty to even post here, i guess. i don't really know how it works, but i guess you can sort of set your own price? it wouldn't be high. i'm just trying to gauge if there's interest or not, you know?
Tony doesn’t turn around. He presses his hand to the glass.
“Tony,” Steve says roughly, stepping forward. “What about you? What happened up there?”
And the next time he wakes up, Steve is gone.
He just watches him, warily. Fury forces off another wedge, puts it in his mouth. Waves the orange in his hand, then pointedly, purposefully, leans across the table. Sets it at the end.
Tony chews his thumb. “How long are you staying?”
Steve leans forward. “What’s wrong?”
“What is this?” Maria asks. “Some kind of… nordic ritual? You trying to send Tony to Valhalla, Thor?”
Cut the crap, the first voice says. She never loved you, Tony. Money money money, look what you did for her! Secretary to CEO, you practically bought her everything she owns! There’s only one thing Pepper ever wanted, Tony, and it wasn’t you with your ugly face. She found you just as irritating as the rest of them did –
Tony’s throat feels thick. His face twists, he throws the book at the wall and it smacks there, bounces back at the floor, lies with its pages open. “Fuck you,” he says, and then louder. “Fuck you! Fuck you!
Tony stops himself, frowns. "No," he murmurs, "no. Because there won't be a next time, right?"
Steve is the one who collects him from the hospital.
Steve makes his way back onto the couch, keeping himself in contact with Tony at all times. He sits down, spread his legs, and gently tugs Tony forward. "Open your mouth." He says, softly.
Or it doesn’t. Not really. Steve finds that days can go by without him moving at all. It’s strange way to live.
“What are you going to do to me?” Tony asks, unnerved, watching his fingers, his broad forearms.
Bruce swallows. “I think – ” he looks at each of them meaningfully “what Steve means it thank you, for, for the effort.”
“Crap, there’s not enough — okay. Okay Steven, I need you to do me a favour. Tell Tony that I’m sorry, but Christmas is cancelled.”
Clarity returns when he’s lying on a bed. Bright light and white. He squints, coughs, and his throat is so dry. He tries to sit up; shackled, hands tied to a bed.
Tony, unbidden, remembers. Maybe it’s the pheromones, his exhaustion, but – the thought of that rough concrete, Steve’s fingers in his hair. “I hope he’s okay,” he murmurs. When he shuts his eyes, colours bloom behind them.
“Sure, I’ll do it. But you’ll use up all your good favour for the night.”
“We could go for a walk?”
The man shrugs a shoulder. “Nothing.”
“Mmm,” Steve agrees. His eyes are moving around Tony’s face, quiet, calm. “I can believe that,” he says.
Tony thinks, Steve probably isn’t going to be drawing him anymore. It hurts to remember he was once wanted, an object of attraction, something that
Because he’s not, oh God, Steve isn’t alive, and Tony shakes, puts his head in his hands and sobs, doesn’t bother holding back, he couldn’t even if he wanted to because there is nothing that could stop this, this tidal wave of agony, the explosion of emotion. Steve is dead, his Steve, his imprint, the man he loved more than life itself, the man he would kill for, murder for, do anything for, he’s gone, gone, gone and it’s his fault because he trusted Gus, he imprinted, he forced Steve out on a search for an imaginary cure, if none of that had happened, none of it, if he had been careful, if he had been wise and not so goddamn selfish then Steve would be alive.
They started the way they ended.
but yeah. uh it gets a lot worse before it gets better. tell me ur thoughts.
But it had shocked him, Tony’s absolute desire for death, his certainty that he wanted it. Steve was always told that people who try to kill themselves and live to talk about it almost always wish they hadn’t; that in their supposed last moments, they realise how much they have to live for. It’s fucking disheartening, and cruel, awfully cruel, that there is no such realisation with Tony. The doctor at the hospital had told him – and then, apparently, some journalists too – that Tony’s marks had been large, vertical, and deep. Purposeful. When he was found, there was no sign of struggle or regret.
Tony thinks, dreamily. Steve doesn’t stop his stroking. Tony wonders if he could come like this, just on the words and simple touch.
He wants to scream at them. What are you doing? Don’t you know he’s not gone? How could you do that, it’s disrespectful, it’s wrong, it’s only been three weeks—
"Yes." Steve says, voice weak. "Yeah. It, it was very nice."
So now, he drinks tea.
Steve doesn’t want to think about what he said. It can’t be repeated. He respects Bucky’s ability to just take it up to a point, but doesn’t really blame him when turns around and throws it right back in Tony’s face.
“Stress relief,” Tony supplies.
“Is there a reason you’re molesting my arm?”
“And how would you do that?” Natasha asks.
“I was probably – “
He signs the paper proffered, waved under his nose, and listens carefully to the doctor’s stipulations. He can’t be left alone, he says, mildly apologetic, as if this is a great burden for Steve to bear. You can’t let him near anything sharp, really you need to lock kitchen drawers and so on. No razors. If it’s possible, don’t let him near any baths. Anything he could hang a rope from. Windows, obviously, those are a problem. The doctor appears contrite and keeps smiling, like he and Steve are sharing a private joke, like Tony’s misfortune is an old shared story between the two of them, like it’s a particularly well known anecdote, and repeating it is bringing back fond memories.
His knees give out, suddenly; Nebula rolls her eyes. “Don’t
Steve grunts, doesn’t look at him. “Why’d you need to take off your watch?” He asks. “Was it really important, for what you were doing?”
Tony feels like someone has wrapped him in cotton wool. He feels stuffed, aching, everything around him is muted, noises sound like they are happening while he lies, underwater.
shivering from cold, he tells himself a whiskey will warm him up. He’s still wearing the clothes he left in last night. He wants to shower, wash off all the filth, but he doesn’t want to see himself. He knows there’ll be marks, and fluids, and other things he doesn’t want to think about.
I don't know, Tony. You're my son. I love you. I love you because you're my son, and because you are my blood. And you look like your uncle. I love you because you're clever, and you're sharp. When I first had you I was terrified you would grow up to be your father. Irrational, because I do not despise Howard. But I couldn't bear the idea of a son. And I could not hold you.
Tony blinks. "Do you understand me?" He repeats, slowly.
Steve stares. He had spoken aloud. “Him,” he says again, and then realises how he must sound. But the kid seems to get it – he holds out his hand, as if to be pulled up. And Steve obliges.
also, i'd REALLY like to know 1) what you think of steve and how he came across and 2) what pierce's endgame is
Now, he’s lost a lot of weight. Steve can see his collarbones jutting out from his chest, the ridges of his spine. His hair is longer, softer, lightly curled around his sallow cheeks without any product to smooth it away. Steve never realised that Tony was naturally quite this pale, pasty; did he always have a tan? Was he always in the sun? Now, Tony appears translucent, you can see the green-blue of his veins. It makes Steve anxious for a second, like this new lines are just maps for Tony to follow the next time he is trusted with a razor.
“Ex=boyfriend. And he’s not dead.”
The doctor springs into life. “We can do that! We can get Mosely, Tony, would you like that? Like I said, aid dogs are a common part of — “
“My clothes,” he says, rolling onto his back. The floor isn’t cold anymore, not after what they’ve done – if anything, it’s too warm, uncomfortably so. Tony feels like he needs a shower. A freezing one.
“Sorry if – if I woke you up,” Tony starts. “I think – probably a bad dream – “
Steve wakes him at the rest-stop to ask if he wants anything. Tony says no, so Steve gets him some water and a packet of sweets. Stupidly, he doesn’t think about the fact Tony won’t be able to hold them himself, and so Tony is forced to submit to the indignity of Steve unscrewing the cap of the bottle and holding it to Tony’s mouth. He thinks he makes it worse by apologising.
“We look after him,” Steve says simply. “We make him better, as much as we can.”
“I think, you have him eating out of the palm of your hand, and he doesn’t even know it.”
“No contract,” Tony agrees.
Steve stares back at the dirty wall. He thinks of Tony laugh, his curls when they would splay out on the flower-printed pillow, his smile. Steve makes no one smile the way Tony smiles at him.
He recoils, laughs. “You’re kidding.”
“Oh. Okay. Why — “
“So you know, it’s an emergency.”
Your comments are all greatly appreciated!
“You want a picture?”
And I loved him. And, I love him.
It does, eventually. Tony had almost fallen asleep there, in the steam, and the warmth of the steam. “Tony,” Steve is saying, distantly, softly. “Wake up, sweetheart.”
He manages to drag up his eyes, think past the lassitude. “I understand, Captain.”
They don’t get many calls. So when the landline rings and Sarah’s in the shower, Tony’s almost reluctant to get it. It could be the media, like when they first found out Tony was living here, and camped outside for a week until the local police scared them away. It could be a salesman. It could be one of Tony’s doctors.
“Tony, you cannot swim in the lake.”
“You don’t — you don’t need to care for me forever, you know.”
“I don’t know. I can’t explain it. Just doesn’t feel right, him taking you up there like that, when you were…”
Tony shakes his head.
“I’m sure he’ll be fine,” Pierce reassures. “This might hurt, now,” he warns, reaching forward to clean off the blood from the open cuts. His shirt brushes against Tony’s exposed nipple.
“I didn’t hear all of it. Just up until he touched you. Then I left.”
“Why?”
Tony doesn’t know. It upsets him. “Needs an omega’s touch,” he says.
Steve gently pushes Tony's hands back down to the tub. "It's nothing that concerns you." He murmurs. "It's okay."
“What kind of bitch am I to be salivating at the thought,” Steve says, eyes crinkling. “You’re lucky I’m a certain kind of man, not every alpha would take that kind of talk,” he jokes.
“My dad’s gone,” she says, very gently. “He was old, and it was peaceful. Tony, do you know how long you’ve been here?”
“You don’t know that,” Tony whispers “you don’t know what it’s like in my head.”
He drains his drink. The main hall is thronging with people, and Tony is late. He finds Killian entertaining a crowd. He seems surprised to see him. “Could I have a word?” He asks, and makes sure his lips touch his ear when he speaks.
It’s hard to articulate just what Tony feels. Numbness feels like a cliché. Certainly, he feels something, but it’s often clouded with drugs and exhaustion. He feels… he tries not to think about it too much. Doesn’t want to think about everything he’s lost. Any moment he begins to think he might be alright again, he remembers he’s penniless, that everything he built is gone. His legacy is destroyed; Iron Man is dead. The company his father built is no more, the team he tried to save taken from his hands. The world he so desperately wanted to protect no longer needs him or wants him, has actively rejected him. It’s not a question of how you kill yourself, the first voice hisses, it’s a matter of when. One day they’ll let their guard down and then you can end it. And don’t fuck it up this time.
“Tell Lana,” Gus sighs “tell her I’m sorry. Tell I her I love her. I know it won’t matter much, but — ”
Pierce groans on the floor, makes a sound a like sick animal. Tony swills the drink in his mouth, gargles, spits the taste of him onto the floor. He brushes the back of his hand across his mouth. His spit is mixed with blood.
“Will do. Hope you sleep well, Tony.”
Enough that when Steve walks out the elevator holding a brown carrier bag, he picks up his head and grins. “Rogers,” he slurs, “you’re late.”
“I’m not contracting you,” Tony says, shortly. “I already told you no.”
“Jury’s out.” Tony climbs off his lap, stretches his jaw. “I don’t think I can go back to that ballroom, now.”
“If you don’t eat…”
Tony waggles his eyebrows, lights up anyway; Rogers plucks it, straight from between his teeth, and puts it out on the back of his own hand.
Fury is sitting at an old, circular table. There’s some paper wedged under a leg. And there are coffee stains on the wood. He has one arm slung over the back of his chair. In his other, he’s holding an orange.
“Who the fuck are you?” He sneers, defensive. “No shit, I’m bleeding. Aren’t you just the brightest crayon in the box, huh?”
"Shit," she blurts, rushing back to prop him up "fuck, give me a warning."
“Honestly?” Tony throat is raw. “I kinda want to be remembered for something other than – being an omega. For doing something perfectly ordinary, something alphas and betas do every day, but doing it with – get this – a multi-purpose reproductive system.”
“Couple hours.”
Pierce pinches the bridge of his nose. “Apologies,” he waves his hand, “I’m tired, we’re all tired. I just don’t appreciate this – brigading. Tony, I’m telling you straight – don’t let this man talk you into anything, understand? He’s outnumbered, we have your back, and – “ he reaches out, grips his shoulder, meets his eyes, intently, “I’m not going to let anyone force you to do anything, do you understand?”
After Insight, after HYDRA, after the fall of the helicarriers and crumbling of the Triskelion, it had been the good days.
She lets Rhodes kneel, press a catch beneath the arm of the armour. And all he can think is,
“Shut up.”
“Yeah, but only when it’s hurting you,” Steve says gently. “And you know that.”
"What?"
“You s-sure are,” Tony gets out, because Steve’s hands have tightened on his arms. “You sure are, Steve. You are so, so safe.”
“It’s hot, it’ll be too hot.”
Bingo. “One of the ways,” Tony says, evasively. “I thought you knew that.”
“Mr Green,” Tony smiles. “I’m sure my lawyers have.”
“Like I would make him look at you,” Steve laughs. “You’re going to make amends, the only way you know how. You’re going to list off names,
Tony shuts his eyes. Steve strokes him. “Well, just so you know what you’re dealing with. I’m sorry,” he murmurs, “that it’s the world I come with. I wish I didn’t. I wish I was…”
He drags in a sob, reaches again for a Tony who shimmers away, reappears at his side. “I love you,” he’s crying. “I love you.”
“What, really?”
There’s a trial, Steve told him, to become King of Wakanda. You’re supposed to beat the last king in combat. Kinky. Of course, that’s gone now. No one seems to have the appetite. The ruling of the country is in the hands of a teenage girl and a man named M’Baku. They won’t use the throne room. Not until their king is returned.
You were bleeding when you left. I hope you’ll be alright. I think it might need stitches. You probably have a concussion. It’s not safe to let you drive on the roads. I should have stopped you and yet I didn’t. Tony, I don’t know why. Tony, I am sorry. I’m sorry that you had to have me as a mother, because when I saw you drive away all I felt was a vague concern. I don’t know if it’s the depression, or the drink, or the pills the doctor gave me but  watching you drive away I felt nothing. All those years, watching you drive away to school, and you always waved from the back and I never felt anything at all.
“No,” Steve tells him, lightly. “That would be patronising, Tony. I don’t need to patronise you, you know what you did.”
Steve had remained calm, because that’s what he does. Tony was ill, and he knew that come morning he would regret everything he’d said. But when he failed to get a reaction out of Steve (that’s what it always came down to, a reaction, attention, something) he turned to Bucky instead.
The date draws him up short. How did he miss this? Was he just not – thinking? Well, yes, clearly. But the 18th, that’s only a day before –
“You smell nice,” Steve rumbles, breath warm against his skin.
“Yes,” Diana says, rolling her eyes, “you’ve said that a few times. It’s not going to bring him back.”
"A treat?" Tony asks, sitting back on his heels "What kind of treat?"
“Well don’t blame me,” Tony says.
Now, he’s thinking of that night in the rain, on the lonely road when they had barely even started. How Steve had frozen, watching Tony, and how Tony had tried his hardest to explain why Steve couldn’t love him, why Tony was going to drag him down.
He feels himself slide his hand across the table. “I’m… glad you’re here, you know. For what it’s worth. I’m glad you came.”
“Will there be cops knocking on our door in morning?”
“He will sleep well. I’ll make sure he does. Captain. Captain, look at me. You’re the only man on the ground who can stop this.”
Pepper never comes back. Or maybe she does; Tony has a vague recollection of a nurse trying to tell him that he had a guest, but Tony had spat in her face. And maybe done worse. He thinks he might have done something bad, although whatever they gave him makes it difficult to remember exactly, and when he comes to his senses he’s being kept in one of the solitary rooms. Still luxurious, but removed, and they start drugging him before his therapy sessions too.
“And after. Mr Chang, and then Mrs Hamilton. Mr Hosseini. That couple – the Takami’s. And Mr Martin. What did they give you, in return for your services?”
Comfort.
“You still have me, if you want me,” Steve ventures quietly.
“Yeah?”
isn’t to blame for your stupid fucking choices – you shouldn’t have invited me. Even if it’s only for four nights, you shouldn’t have done it, if you didn’t know you couldn’t bear to be with me, or that you might want to run off with some – scientist, or engineer, or whatever the fuck he calls himself.”
He hopes Tony knew, by the end, that he had done best.
“Okay. So turn around and go to bed.”
The girl shrugs. “We can never be sure,” she says “he was found on the streets. He’s big, and has the colouring, so we thought maybe something mixed with a St Bernard? Or maybe Bernese? One of those mixed with a Labrador, or Retriever. He’s so gentle, you know?”
“We don’t.” Tony downs his glass, pours some more. “But you’re usually so – punctual. Keep to your schedule, like a good little boy.”
“She knows.” Clint says, out the side of his mouth.
It’s just one more indignity really, isn’t it? The smell of distress must be upsetting them, because he can scent Pierce getting that odd, protective, angry tinge in response. “It’s fine,” he tells him, “you’ve had a shock. You smell very stressed, Tony – don’t worry about that, someone will clean it. I think you need to be somewhere safe, don’t you think? Not in the hallway, it’s not safe in the hallway.”
"Captain, you need to keep away. Mr Stark, Mr Stark can you focus on me?"
“Sir, you might be wondering — ”
Weren’t you at school? Didn’t you… I don’t know, what the fuck kids that age do. Play ball, and listen to records, and – “
“I’m waiting, bent over, holding your slippers in one hand and robe in the other?”
“More than my time,” Steve says, easily, but he’s not joking. His hand tightens on Tony’s waist. “You okay, honey?”
“Of my own damn free will, give it up,” Rhodey sighs. “Let if go. Don’t — denigrate what I did like that, man. I made my choice.”
After, when Natasha has stolen a box of pizza and is eating regally on her throne of pillows, resting her feet in Clint’s lap, Steve rests his head on Tony’s shoulder. Bruce sighs, long-suffering, and turns on the TV.
Tony deliberates. “If you’re going to do that, you need to let me know. We need to do it together, or else there can be implications. United front.”
“So, in today’s terms, that means whichever alpha is richest.”
“You’re insane,” Richards sobs.
The doctor — Bruce — looks at him. “Are you ready?” He asks gently.
He wants to die.
Rogers’ arms are crossed, his lips pressed together. “Relax,” Tony says, casually. “All’s well that ends well, my friend.”
“No.”
“He was a futurist, in the broadest sense of the word. He was — haunted, by possible outcomes. Everything he did, I know, he did with the intention of bettering mankind. He saw that we aren’t alone anymore, in the universe. He saw we needed to deal with larger threats, we needed to adjust to a new world order. Even when so many — myself, included — were so fixed on the old, the past, Tony knew that, if we wanted to survive we had to move forward. And for that, I know he will be remembered. As a Darwin, as an Einstein. As a… Mother Theresa, as a healer, a scientist, a peacemaker. I hope — after everything that happened between us, I would hope — “
“What breed?” Steve asks.
He exhales in Tony’s face. He feels himself flinch; the tag on the collar jingles, prettily. He doesn’t know what it says. Someone might have told him, but he can’t remember now. The smoke stings his eyes – well, eye. The one that can open, at least. And the quick, sharp movement sends pain cascading down his ribs, lungs constricting.
Shame. Hot shame, not good, all down his back. He has to duck his gaze, swallow hard, tuck his shoulders against his neck. “Sorry,” he mutters, “I thought – I thought – “
“So?”
Tony is a delight.
Someone – not Steve – covers Tony’s eyes with their hand. “You’re right,” Bruce says roughly, “he’s not real, Tony. Just – close your eyes. You can’t see him, he’s not there.”
yourself. Even – even the thing you think makes your alpha makes you so helplessly omega, Stark.”
"Tony," Steve hums "check in. Blink twice for green, three times for red."
Peter’s eyes are wide.
He’s going to tell Steve. He doesn’t know what he needs to tell him, he just knows he does. Explain something. Everything.
“Guilty?” Steve whispers. “You think it’s my fault?”
“Thor…” Steve says, warningly.
“Oh no,” Ty says, voice eminently reasonable, “no worries. I don’t like all that wind screwing with my hair, anyway.”
Steve pushes his nose against Tony’s throat, scents him deeply. “Omega,” he mutters thickly.
He finds out, later that day. Car crash. Internal decapitation. Quadriplegic.
“Well for the record, mine was the nineties.”
Pierce frowns at him, as if confused. “Then why are you naked in my chair?”
“Tony, please look at me.”
He’s called him a lot, in the seven months he’s been gone. At first, it was every day, then every week. Then, once a month. But never less than that. Every time it went unanswered, he’d send a message, in that clunky way he texts:
“And there’s a part of me that thinks: what if he’s right? What if he’s
“No,” Tony mutters “she wouldn’t —
“ — ony?” Peter’s asking. “Are you okay?”
“Great.” Tony says, lacklustre. What does she want him to do, jump for joy? The woman has screws loose in her head, Tony can practically hear them rattling about.
But Steve had found him, later that evening after the crowds had gone. He was sitting at the indoor pool, pants rolled up and suit jacket slung over his shoulder, swishing his feet in the water. “Hi.” He’d said simply, not looking up.
Still, Steve thinks he had held hopes. Secretly, in his heart. Which is why it’s Tony who approaches him on Christmas Eve.
“Do you love her?”
“I like shutting it up,” Steve says, but he’s being disingenuous, and Tony knows it.
Forget him, he’s not coming back, and if he is – it doesn’t matter. He’s made his choice,” Bruce’s voice his heavy – maybe he feels loss too. “Right now, all that matters is we’ve lost our best shot at intergalactic defence and the closest thing we have to an expert on infinity stones – “
“It’s been two weeks,” Natasha interrupts. “The team still needs to function. We can grieve on our own time. Meanwhile, you need to figure out who’s going to be the government liaison.”
A furrow has formed in Steve’s brow. “Well, most of it was in storage. You know, when they – sold the tower. I think – lots was sold off, uh. The stuff you had here…”
“I mean,” he coughs, delirious with blood loss and heat, he grabs at his side “M’ not, anymore.” He shakes his head “I’m not German.” He says forcefully “I didn't live there. I never thought Hitler was worth it.”
She tells them, again, in no uncertain terms, that Tony is here, that the only reason she brought him to Earth, was because the Sorcerer Supreme was under the impression that only he was necessary. That’s all the knows; that’s all Strange said. But as time goes on, it becomes apparent that Tony left a bit of himself out there, on that rock of planet. He’s not all there. He’s fragmented, pierced, shattered glass. Or rather: they’re all shattered glass, splintered. Tony’s just broken, pieces missing.
Tony blinks at her.
Tony obeys. He trembles there, waiting, while Steve takes him. What else could he ask him to do, he thinks absently as he peels the tangerine, what else could he order and have Tony do, unthinkingly?
“Actually, I’m at the soup kitchen. I just wondered if anyone else was going to spend it with you.”
Tony inches closer, pressing the knife between them. Pierce takes a step back.
Steve has stirred. He walks over, squeezes Natasha’s shoulder. “We eating?”
As usual, critique on how you think the OC's are shaping out as well as any other feedback is loved!!!
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, “I would do that. I’m sorry.”
He knew. The kid would have known, then. Watched the others disappear into dust and feared it, felt it. “Bucky was the first to go,” Steve whispers. “He was there, and then he wasn’t.”
"You shouldn't be making me angry," Steve says, calmly.
He stumbles back, slightly, lips quirking. “So you want to slum it,” he half-laughs. “You like it rough, Stark?”
“I want to hear you play with your hole. If that’s okay.”
What if he sees what we don’t see? Maybe – maybe he was right. Perfectly balanced. Perfect.”
Tony wipes the back of his hand across his mouth. Maybe he hasn’t been eating so good, that’s true. The trip back with Nebula, all he had were the weird, green squids that turned his stomach. Here, all he’s had is soup. “I guess I could stand to eat,” he whispers.
“Oh yeah?” Steve asks. He’s distracted, pencil scratching over the page.
“I see that.”
“Put some effort into it,” they say. They slap the back of the Soldier’s head, so their teeth knock together. He doesn’t taste bad. He tastes clean, at the very least. He feels familiar. He doesn’t bite or scrape. The kiss is soft.
“Are you comfortable, Tony?”
“I would protect you, Tony.” His voice is so soft, so earnest. “All those things you feel you need to do, to keep yourself safe, to keep ahead of the curve, in control. You wouldn’t have to, if you had me.”
able to breathe some fucking air that isn’t dosed with chemical X. The normal air scents almost astringent without the sweet, cloying drug in his nostrils.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s like he’s here,” Bruce confides, “I can feel him.”
“I still don’t know your name.”
“A joke? I – no. I just meant – “
Tony looks in the mirror and wants to throw up. His ribs stick out of his skin, his eyes are rimmed by purpling shadows. He hasn’t shaved himself in weeks, and the result is a permanent fuzz over his jaw because no one will go near him with razors.
"Good."
“You take your time,” Sarah says. “But you’re not leaving until you’ve eaten everything. You have to eat everything, okay?”
The human doesn’t respond, just rocks slightly, back and forth, like a child whose father has punished them for a misdemeanour. “Get up,” she says again, “Quill arrived in the Milano. It might still be here.”
“You need to repay us, Tony,” they tell him, sternly. “Enough of that – look at me.” He taps his cheek with his fingers. “Are you listening? You need to repay us. Because of what the Captain has done. So that he’ll never do it again.”
The muscles on Rumlow’s neck cord. “You should watch yourself, Stark,” he says, shortly.
“Yeah,” Tony croaks. “He did.”
Things are blurry, too. When he cracks open his eyes, the muted low light seems to swim in front of his face. He’s lying on something soft, but he can’t quite distinguish it. The warm colours, the muted noises, he feels empty, calm, it’s like he’s floating gently under a lake, under the ocean.
“You’re drunk.”
“How did you know?” He asks.
“Secretary – “ Ross starts.
“Well,” Tony drags him back down, giggling like a stupid idiot, “you’re just the alpha-est alpha, aren’t you, Steve? I guess there’s just… something
what happened? I couldn’t even – for one scratch! And he stabbed me! I should be dead, I – “
“Don’t do that to yourself.”
I have not left you anything. It is not your fault.
“No,” he says softly. “Not unless you want to be.”
That it would save him.
the submission, and when Tony just laughs instead of the customary breathy whimpers and whines he knows Steve wants to win, he’ll push his head into the floor and smear it there, thoughtless, thrusting into him with no mind to anyone’s pleasure but his own.
“I left a part of me up there,” Tony tells him, croaking. “I knew it would be a one-way trip.”
“Funny.” A beat; “Set it down on the bed.”
"What can I say," Tony says "I'm a strong independent sub who likes to be waited on hand and foot. You should have guessed what you were getting into."
And waking? Tony yawns and rolls, stretching out the length of his spine. He’s bruised, but it’s not so bad that he can’t make himself more comfy. He smacks his lips. For the first time, he realises that the mattress is thin, and the pillow flat. It had felt so much softer in the heights of his confusion.
“He — mentioned something like that,” Steve says carefully. “Only once. He said he was publishing a paper about the new normal. Western Theology post the Thor effect.”
to, and I failed. I see your face every night, before I sleep. It ruined me, Tony. When I say, you can’t help me – you can’t. There are some things that are an alpha’s burden.”
Tony’s hand is wedged beneath a pillow. He curls his fingers around the switchblade, testing, finding the release through touch.
“I guess.”
And he’s being burned alive.
how urban I am these days, Tony.”
The radio in the kitchen has been turned higher, as if to wake him from slumber. The caster is saying –
“Small world,” Dalcher says, “Tony knows everyone. We really must have dinner,” she smiles. She still wears the same shade lip. “Catch up,” she adds, tapping Tony’s chest with her finger, nail neatly rounded.
He’s still whistling when he strides onto the open floor. “Oh my God,” Steve says, dryly “you’re alive.”
“I get it, Steve,” Tony says lazily, even though there’s a lump in his throat. “You can go now.”
“Good.”
"We need to debrief. I thought I could put him on the couch and we could talk by the bar." Steve adjusts his grip slightly and Tony rolls his head into the warmth of his chest.
“I thought we were done with that?”
Tony splutters. “I – “ he pulls back “sure, Steve. I’d be upset if I found out my omega liked getting railed by old – “
Tony has to get onto the floor. His thoughts connect this, loosely. He’s omega, so he kneels. Pierce likes this, he knows. Pierce steps forward. His boots step into the soaked-out whiskey. He kicks the knife away, and it skitters under the couch.
“I made sure it hurt.”
“Huh.”
“I figured you probably didn’t make that decision yourself.”
“Yeah, I did.” Steve is characteristically brief. “You can take it. I’m always – it can be difficult. Because of how I am. Not every O can – take it.”
“Well then. If you can sit tight for a few days…”
“Then I want you to do this for me,” Steve’s says warmly, voice a blanket. “Can you touch your neck for me, sweetheart? Behind your ears, the way I know you like.”
"I'll be right as rain after breakfast." Tony says, trying for a smile. "Ah -- thank you. For this."
“Why?” He probes, calmly. “Because you don’t want to draw attention to yourself?”
Tony looks up. Flicks his eyes upwards, rather. “You don’t need to act his way on my behalf, you know.”
The hair has been cleaned from the floor, even though the bathroom is still a mess.
"You know," Steve says, carefully "Bucky was a submissive, too. That's how a know some things. I think -- you're both very similar. You wouldn't have known he was a sub unless he was under, like you."
“You,” Tony says, pointing a finger. “You buried me alive, you fucking asshole.”
“Steve was. My last.”
“Maybe you got lucky, then.”
"Yeah. A break. Just you and me."
He shakes his head, then lets it slump forward onto Pierce’s shoulder.
“Yes,” Tony says quickly. “Yes, yeah. Thank you.”
“I’m rich,” Tony rattles off, “I’m a genius. I
"Pomegranate is hard feed someone." Tony giggles.
“’Course.”
Steve nods. “If you want to blame someone, you can blame me,” he says.
“You wanted to save your friend. Barnes. I understand that, Steven. I — I sometimes think there isn’t much I wouldn’t have done to have saved my brother.”
“Right. So – ” Tony pulls his hands out from under the water, shakes them dry. “I’m sitting at that table, and I’m kind of having that moment. Where I think – ” Tony’s voice cracks, and he clears his throat. “I mean. I was sitting opposite Captain America. Do you know what that’s like?”
“What happened to my room?” Tony asks quietly. Steve remembers it. He and Tony would lie there on Sunday mornings, on Tony’s plush mattress, and Tony would read while Steve drew, or sometimes if the other was tired they would rest their heads on either’s lap. The happy days, when Steve and Tony could be together and there was no right reason for them not to be, and Tony was safe and healthy and kind, with a wide smile and eyes that were embedded with permanent laugh lines.
It’s Thor who smoothes over the awkward moment. “The funeral was a spectacle,” he says.
Tony doesn’t respond. He inhales.
Sarah turns away, punches her way up the stairs. “There’s coffee,” she says shortly. “Make your own damn breakfast.”
he thinks. And then, deliriously:
“I asked, are you okay? When was the last time you changed your dressing? Have you been taking your pills?”
“Who knows,” Clint says “who knows why you would lie, you’d just fucking do it. Some other aim. Maybe you’re scoping us out, right now. Ready to alert Diana.”
Tony stops talking. He shuts his eyes. Steve rewards his silence with a stroke from his thumb.
“Are you sure you’re okay? That everything is – out of your system?”
“You were,” Steve frowns, softly. “It’s like you were…”
There’s a short silence. Then: “I’ve been leaving a lot lately, huh?”
Pierce gives a great sigh. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Well alright then,” he says, resigned. “This is a pity. We could have done great things together.”
“But you didn’t have a choice,” Tony tries, “what was the alternative?”
Steve sits up, on guard, tense, waiting for Gus to pounce out of the shadows. He catalogues quickly his injuries, finds himself sore but mercifully unhurt. If Gus attacked now, in his weakened state, Steve might have a chance.
“What’s’it?” Tony mumbles sitting up. “Who’s’it?”
Rubble is rubble. There’s barely anything left to salvage. Steve has most of his stuff at his apartment in the city, but all of Natasha’s clothes are gone, her possessions, anything even close to having something to remember her by. Still, on his bad days, he and Bucky pick through the mess, the scene of the war. They find some things: remarkably, some of Steve’s old pencils, muddied but intact. The remains of some jumpers that might have been Vision’s, the Banana Republic tag still visible. A lockbox, unmarred, made of solid vibranium.
(He leaves his records. All of them, packed away in a box. Steve takes them out some nights, leafs through them, fingers their delicate casing. Bits of Tony he can’t throw away.)
“Come with me,” Steve says again, and this time, Tony gets it, almost; his eyes are hard.
"Perfect." He murmurs, and Tony makes a soft noise, a sigh. "You like that?" Steve grins, smoothing his hands over Tony's ribs, bringing his deft fingers up to play with his nipples. "You like it when I touch you?"
The room had been silent other than the sound of water running past Tony’s legs. “You been here long?” Steve asked.
The man shakes his head, stiff. “No, I don’t smoke.”
the crazy one. Who would have thought it.
choices. Fury – he’s clearly trying to tell me to back off, because he thinks you act impulsively and do things you regret, but I think – Tony, I think I act impulsively. And I do things I regret.”
Bubbling.
“Don’t forget the blueberries,” Natasha says, then, which is how Steve knows allow she doesn’t like the fact he’s going to prod Tony awake, she’s going to allow it. She pats his arm as she leaves, forgets her diamonds on the counter.
Tony lays a hand on his knee. “Steve,” he says, hearing that his voice is soft, hating himself for doing this, because he knows the effect it will have, “I don’t care about your job. I care about you.”
“But Tony,” Steve blurts, despite himself, “is he – not dead, not – “
A silence. Natasha starts. “Honestly? I’m selfish, Tony. I’d go back to the start. All the way to start. I’d – make sure the Soviet Union never existed.”
“I was, for awhile. I was here for physio too. Among other things, obviously. I — do you want to see?”
body, his stomach and cock and thighs. His head is so heavy.
“Do not tell me,” Fury continues, pressing, “that having the Captain at your back isn’t its own reward. You know that it is.”
All the speeches are carefully manufactured. None of them give away anything, not about Tony, not about how he was before he died. They just talk about how he was so kind, and so clever, and how generous, brave, strong. The rain doesn’t stop.
He did love Tony, however. He was objectively aware he loved Tony more than Tony loved him. Oh, he didn’t doubt that Tony cared for him, certainly, that he loved him. Tony wasn’t in love with him, however, because Tony will not let himself be in love with anyone. He will not let himself fall that far that fast. It’s what drove him and Pepper apart, and it’s probably what softened the blow of Steve’s pursuing of Bucky.
“My services?”
"All I said was that I'm looking into help, me, on my own. It wasn't an excuse for you to jump on in, Tony, I don't need your help. Just because, just because you're damaged doesn't mean I have to be, understand? I don't know if it's some kind of, I don't know, knee-jerk reaction or -- "
He tips his head forward, so their brows touch. Steve’s breathing is good and slow, and they’re in tandem. Almost as one. He can feel his breath against his lips. His heart under his hand. What does he choose, then?
A golden field, an oak hall. Tony is smiling. Steve reaches out a hand, tries to grasp air in his fingers, but the mirage shimmers, dips out of his touch.
Steve is trying, Tony knows. Oh he is intimately aware of how hard Steve is trying. It’s guilt, something whispers inside his head. He’s guilty, he’s guilty and so he thinks he can make this better by helping you. You’re his penance.
“It happened fast. I couldn’t even see what was about to happen. Seven people died, Bruce.”
“I regret what happened to you.”
“You probably haven’t. Very secret, privately funded, out of public view. I have a few interested buyers,” he says, slowly. “In fact, I was thinking
“Are you okay?” He says, quietly.
“You’re unprepared,” Sam mutters, one morning. “You didn’t expect this.”
“You changed your mind. How was I supposed to know?”
“I’m sorry I left. I know that hurt you, because you wouldn’t answer my calls.”
“Does he get violent with you?”
Tony’s playing one of Steve’s old favourites, something soft, The Ink Spots or Fitzgerald. He’s humming, quietly cleaning up what looks like the remains of another Incident. The suite is spotless though, and he’s laid out flowers on the coffee table, set Steve’s books neatly on the kitchenette’s island. “You shouldn’t strain yourself,” Steve says when he enters, hoping the comment will be well received and not taken as an insult, like so much of what he says is nowadays.
He’s not coming back. We’ve lost him, he’s not getting off that ship. Thanos beat hulk, Tony is – there’s no way. Are you understanding? You need to find Vision – “
“Or we could avenge,” Tony says, flatly.
Steve keeps tugging him back and Tony pulls against him, feet slipping in the mud beneath the water. “Let me go,” he manages “let me go, I need to be there.”
Steve’s hands on his wrists, pinning him to the carpet. “It’s alright,” he says “shh, it’s alright, Tony. It’s okay.”
Steve had always thought he was more invested in their relationship than Tony. Tony, he thinks, always viewed Steve as a secret, and a dirty one at that. It’s not that Tony was anti what he was, it’s not that Tony viewed homosexuality, bisexuality, the in-between, as wrong, it’s just that he was practical. Tony didn’t want the stress, and if Steve was honest, neither did he. He didn’t want himself defined by who he liked to fuck; once upon a time, that information would have ruined him. Now, it would define him, it would politicise him more than he could handle, and other than random spurts of guilt when it comes to all the good he could do for the community, the controversy he would cause has always held him back.
“He’s gentle, though,” Tony defends, “you know that. He’s not a cruel man.”
“That’s funny, Steve, don’t quit the day job.” He slumps into a seat, slings his feet onto the table, helping himself to a bread roll. “Are we eating, or – ”
It’s intimate-yet-not. He shivers.
Tony is stiff. His head falls back onto their shoulder. He stares at the ceiling, hazy yellow light, oak. Lips tickle his ear. He shivers.
He drags in again, and this time the smoke doesn’t feel liberating; the nicotine feels like the tar it is, clogging his lungs, and the stink in his nose reminds him of ash in his hair and burns on his thighs. He stubs it out on the balcony rail then flicks it off into the sky, watches it tumble, disappear into the clouds and cars way below.
Steve grunts. “What about your ass?” He asks.
“I am,” Steve agrees. “I just have a few questions for you now. You’ve been so accommodating so far, I’m sure you don’t mind answering.”
“Hmm,” Sarah says, and she’s sipping her coffee. There’s a dot of cream on her nose that Tony, for some reason, can’t bring himself to point out. “Yeah, well – I’m trying to pavlovion condition you.” She flicks some snow off the table where Tony had dragged it in. “And did Mosely have a grand time today?”
Steve's stripped down to his undershirt, holding his combat pants up with his hands, belt gone. No metal allowed, Tony thinks.
Tony smiles, hazy, cups the back of his head. “I do,” he says, honestly.
He keeps petting him, all the way home. By the end, Tony feels like he’s been melted in acid and doped with opiates for the pain. Like he’s sagging, sloughing away. “I’m sorry,” he says to the driver, when Steve urges him out of the cab. “I’m sorry I shouted at you, you didn’t deserve it.”
I knew what he liked, you weren’t exactly a surprise.”
Tony quirks his lips. “Just consider that a gift, buddy. Don’t expect it again unless you do something really spectacular.”
“Not so fast, hmm?” He says, breath hot. “Let’s you and me take a trip to the salon.”
“I know,” Tony says, slowly. His words mash together, slur into one another like syrup, so droopy and carefully placed. “I still have lawyers.”
“You take good care of him?” He hears Steve call, over his head.
“It’s lucky you’ve probably got a lot of life left in you, then.”
“It’s fine. It’s – good, actually.”
So it continues this way for a while. Steve is told it’s a month, but for all he knows it could be more. Or less, even.
Tony frowns. “He’s – got secrets?”
Carefully, Tony rests his cheek against his inner thigh, shuts his eyes. “Any way I can thank you,” he murmurs. “Just tell me how I can repay you.”
Tony goes hunting.
Tony sniffs his wrist. Blinks. He feels dizzy. “Smells like… like leather shoes.”
“You little bitch,” Steve snarls, sucking the blood from his fingers. “I was gonna go easy on you.”
“That’s it,” Pierce soothes. “Steady now, that’s it. Not so bad, huh? No, here – it’s fine. It’s not rude, you can scent me, if you want.”
“Look around,” Nick answers, grouchy. “Who d’you think took care of who?”
“Someone should help him.” Steve says.
Tony doesn’t say anything. He smacks his lips, yawns. “I’m sorry, Steve,” he mumbles. And slips into sleep.
“And now I know that’s not all of what you’re owed. If we’d pushed for anymore there would be some fight. But the government was happy to treat that as some bribe money, something to keep us quiet. And with your accounts unfrozen…”
“What’s that about?” Tony asks, distracting him as picks at the first few buttons on his shirt.
“I think he misses the snow.”
Tony jerks awake. He’s moaning; he’s still moaning when he wakes up, and for a few seconds he can’t work out who in the room is making the tortured, dog-in-pain sound. “No,” he croaks, swearing it. “I won’t let you go! I won’t let you – I won’t! I won’t!”
“Good.” He reaches down, pulls up Tony’s pants, pats his ass twice. “You should go shower,” he says. “I’m glad we had this talk. It was productive.”
He trusts him. He must. Pierce gently presses him back against the couch, head lolling down; he pinches his cheeks between his thumb and fingers. “Do you trust me?” He asks again. “It’s important to me that you answer, Tony.”
“No. I was sent to Treblinka.”
“Use the nice bowl please!” Sarah shouts back through the front door. Tony decides not to. In fact, for the first time, he feels like he’s the one protecting Sarah, and not the other way round.
“You keep on at it, sweetheart,” Steve says distractedly, pushing his head back down on his cock. “Don’t you bother speaking now, just do your duty.”
He sounds sloppy, wet, messy. His thoughts go in this order:
“He? Who is ‘he’ – “
Tony breathes, slowly, evenly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Really, he’s not need. Really, he can let go.
Tony tries to pull away, whimpering. Steve holds his head between his hands, forces him to look forward. “At me,” he says, calmly. “Don’t mind anyone else. Don’t mind what anyone else says.”
“Listen,” Steve spits, standing. “You’re angry. You’re angry he wouldn’t listen to you, that you couldn’t help. I understand that. I’m sorry. There isn’t a day I question if I could have done something differently, or helped him another way. But you don’t project on me, understand? I don’t need that. We are — we’re all suffering, Rhodes. All of us.”
Back in the good days, he and Tony would go for lunch. At least once a week, any day. Usually when Tony had been in the office, because he said it gave him something to look forward to. They’d tried everything, Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Indian, every cuisine under the sun.
They hear, ‘I loved him’, and they’re touched. The strength of that bond, they must think. ‘Brothers’.
Tony realises he's leaned forward. His head is now resting on Natasha's shoulder. It feels heavy, like he can't support it on his shoulders, so Natasha has to push him back up to sitting. She sighs. "I hope you're okay." She says.
Tony groans around him, then, and Steve has to physically hold himself back from coming down his throat. His orgasm slams into him and the stress of holding back has him arching, pushing further into Tony's mouth, leaving him gagging around his cock.
Tony smiles encouragingly, nodding. Steve knows he’s lying. But it makes Tony happy when Steve believes him. He thinks, it means Tony half-believes it himself.
“Oh yeah? What is it, then?” Tony wipes his mouth with a balled up tissue.
He must pass out, because when he’s coming to, it’s like being pushed into freezing water. Everything comes back too hard, and too sudden. She’s painting his lips. The crush of her body against his. The smell of them all. Tony frowns, feels panic stirring. “Please,” he mumbles against the tube of lipstick, smearing, “don’t tell my dad.”
“Tony, you have – a million winter coats.”
That gets the first smile he’s seen out of Steve. “Is that what you call it these days?”
Steve turns his chin. “I don’t know,” he says, honestly.
“That’s okay,” Tony pats his arm, “at least you tried.”
He throws him across the floor, slams the door behind him. Tony is choking, spluttering on the ground, hand on his neck. He knows:
It’s a peaceful feeling.
Steve smiles. “She has your eyes. And he seems like a handful.”
“For what it’s worth, Tony, I – I love you. Any way. All ways.”
“Tony…”
In the end, it takes both himself and Natasha to peel Tony out of bed. They sit him in the bath and clean him as best they can, and – and Tony doesn’t respond at all, doesn’t say anything, just lolls in their hands, unable or unwilling to hold himself up at all. They cut his nails and hair, dress him in fresh clothes, sit him at the table and force him to eat oatmeal; Steve holds open his jaw, Natasha spoons it in, and they don’t stop until he’s eaten the whole bowl, three times a day.
“Well, there was no harm done. This time,” Tony adds. “So don’t beat yourself up about it.” This is exactly what Fury was talking about; all that energy in an alpha like Steve – it’s one thing, if it comes out in sex. It’s another if it gets violent. Like the man at the gala almost found out. Like Ty discovered.
“Yeah. Fond.”
And then he picks up conversation like the interlude had never happened.
Killian leans closer. Face to face. “I was hoping to take you upstairs and give you a demonstration,” he murmurs.
They don’t want you, the first voice begins to hiss in the back of his skull. You see? What more proof do you need, you’re a burden, a fucking burden you worm, no one wants you alive, no one wants to bother with you, think about how easy it will be for everyone when you’re just gone.
“Absolutely.” Tony agrees, and he gives a shaky laugh. “But I mean, realistically. I was eating a sit-down dinner with Captain America. That’s, I mean, an assassin cooked my food, and a man who turns into a monster when he’s angry was sitting beside me. And it’s – you wanted to be there, you wanted – ”
So I hope, one day, that we may be able to reconcile. Whether that be here, on this earth, or in the eyes of God.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony bites back, lunging up to wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “God, you’ll believe anything,” he breathes, grinding himself against his belly.
The man’s eyes widens. His face becomes incredulous. Oh,
When he closes his eyes –
“What, shut down?”
Tony is dead.
“Is having the world’s most powerful alpha under your thumb not enough?”
“And last week. With the gag.”
Steve clears his throat. “Tony Stark,” he begins, and his voice cracks embarrassingly. He swallows, clenches his fingers on the podium. There’s some microphone feedback, and he winces. The podium is wet, Steve’s hair is wet, his suit is wet. Tony’s body is behind him, and the flag is wet. He has to pause to push damp hair from his brow, dry his face, blinks rain from his eyes. “Tony Stark was — my friend. First and foremost, he was my friend.”
“Tony, you saved my life. You saved all our lives. Why would I… not trust you?”
“I don’t want to fight, Tony,” Steve says gently.
Lana will miss him. Lana will be… inconsolable. But Lana will age. She will grow. One day, she may take another lover. Or she may end up like Diana. Dead inside, vicious. Killing for killings sake.
“That’s very kind of him. I always thought he would be the kind to stick to his guns on something like religion.”
“I’m not exactly subtle, Mr Stark.”
Sniffing, he inhales. “Captain,” he starts, “I think, it’s time you gave me your answer.”
“No.”
“Did I sleep through Christmas?”
“I’m selfish,” Steve is saying “let me be selfish.”
The kid nods. “Yeah,” he says, eyes swollen, face filthy, resolute. “I want – I want to help.”
It’s a metal thing, ugly. Not the kind that you see in the softcore porn he sometimes watches, with the sweet, breathy omegas will big red balls in their mouths. This is the kind of thing you might put on someone if you wanted to torture them, maybe by slowly extracting each of their teeth. Four prongs, two on each side to hold the mouth wide. Adjustable, in case you want it extra freaky.
“Fine.” Natasha says, easily. “Clint’s tasty and Tony was working on UV-resistant armour before — ” she pauses. “I mean, he had this ingenious design. Like a hologram, you know the ones we use for undercover ops? Except it’s made of this light polyfiber, fits all around the body. Blocks me from the sun. Which is good, because I need it for work, and with these reflexes — ”
Tony’s hand shoots out, grabs Steve’s sweater and curls there. “Do I have to see them?” He breathes, not looking up. “Do I have to – I don’t want to have to see them. I don’t want them to see me. I don’t want to, I can’t, I don’t want to.”
“Don’t touch me. That’s not your right.”
“It seemed like a good idea at the time,” Pierce shrugs. “He wasn’t HYDRA, if that’s what you’re wondering. Although, neither was I, back then,” he muses. “Different time, I suppose. I wanted different things.”
“You say Steve, I ask how high.”
“Sorry,” he says, not sounding sorry, “you were falling asleep on me.”
When he disappears, Tony is content to sit on the bench, head tipped towards the sun, pleasantly buzzed. He has a sudden thought, he thinks – hey, did I drink something? He only had some of the fruit punch. He doesn’t drink around children. But the thought pretty much scatters when Pierce’s granddaughter runs up to him, tells him
