“What would work for you, darling?” John asked. “Could you maybe… touch yourself? Show me how you like it? Would that be okay?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says plainly, as if the conversation didn’t concern him, as if didn’t make John feel like he was going to burst with a myriad of unnamed feelings. He turns his tea cup in his hands, watching the remaining liquid. “Don’t be shocked. I’m hardly the first to choose this way.”
“It is,” Sherlock says even though he feels equally incredulous, and bends his head to capture John’s lips.
Sherlock thought about it, about the way John’s hands had felt on his heated skin, stroking and groping and teasing.
Sherlock takes hold of John’s cock and slowly sinks down on it, brimming with need. He moans loudly as it fills him, unable to keep quiet.
“Touch yourself,” John tells him and Sherlock does so immediately, and throwing his head back as John helps him to move faster.
It’s everything Sherlock didn’t know he needed. He pulls his knees closer to his chest, allowing Robert to sink in at the exact angle he needs. He sighs and gasps, feeling Robert’s tiny movements everywhere, each careful slide of his cock a caress for Sherlock’s prostate, a gentle wave lapping at the shore. It’s so good. He knows it could be better than good, he can already feel the potential for this restrained softness to bloom into something mind-blowingly incredible, but now’s not the time. For now, this subdued, careful back-and-forth is all that he can take.
“Oh, relax,” Sherlock said with a hint of sneer to his voice. He felt like he was being flayed open by this conversation, having to put his innermost feelings on display, and it was tempting to lash out in self-defence. “You’re used to being the penetrating partner and you’re obviously determined that it should stay that way; I have no intention of going against that. I meant I could… pleasure you in other ways,” he felt himself blush at the words but struggled through. “With my hands? I know it wouldn’t be as good, but I’d like to be able to give you at least something.”
“Yes. I don’t know. I think so. But I want us to be friends, like we used to be. Not… people who hurt each other. If he can’t do that… then no.”
When he collapses on the bed and there are no more simple, practical tasks for him to do, the reality of what just happened dawns on him. Images flash in his mind – the hard look in John’s eyes,
know. He supposes he’d suppressed his physical needs enough so sexual frustration was never something he felt around John. But now that he’s getting to know this part of himself, he thinks that maybe it would have all been a bit easier if he’d let himself feel it and let it out with someone else. Or maybe not – he’s not sure he’s the right type of person for one night stands. Tonight has been good – very good – and he definitely wants to continue having sex now that he’s discovered he likes it, but sleeping with a different person every time seems unnecessarily exhausting. He liked his arrangement with Florian, brief as it was. He had time to get to know him a little, learn what he likes, and then put that knowledge to practice. What’s the point of knowing exactly how hard Terry likes to be fucked if Sherlock’s never going to fuck him again? Why go through the stress of baring himself in front of someone new every time he wants to
Gradually his body relaxes around John and John begins to move – gently, carefully, grinding more than thrusting, a slow undulation of his hips that feels like a mirror image of what his tongue is doing in Sherlock’s mouth, a gentle exploration of Sherlock’s insides. Sherlock moans against John’s mouth, almost overwhelmed. It’s not that what they did before was less momentous, less important, but this feels almost symbolic – offering all of himself to John, making room for him within his body to parallel the space John already occupies within Sherlock’s heart
But not entirely back to normal, as becomes evident when John goes to make tea and Sherlock reaches for the petri dish containing his latest experiment,  and suddenly they are closer to each other  than they’ve been since that night. John’s breath hitches, and even though Sherlock knows he should move away he can’t bring himself to, not when the closeness of John’s body is so exquisitely tantalising after days of almost no contact. John’s eyes flicker to Sherlock’s lips, and the need to kiss him is an almost magnetic pull, but somehow, Sherlock manages to take a step back.
John struggled out of his pants and then reached for the condom wrapper that Sherlock was clumsily trying to open – his hands were shaking.
Terry stretches languorously, then reaches for a tissue from a box on his bedside table and uses it to wipe perfunctorily at the mess on his stomach, before carelessly tossing the crumpled tissue on the floor. Sherlock scrunches up his nose in distaste but forces himself not to comment.
Sherlock shrugs. “The case has some features of interest. And you know how it is – anything to stave off boredom.” It’s not entirely true, not anymore. These days, Sherlock would rather die of boredom than face another master villain, another terrorist plot, another criminal network. He wants something… not simpler, certainly not easier… but smaller-scale. Less likely to end in a world of pain.
Sherlock lets out a contented sigh. There’s come drying between his legs, but Sherlock knows, without needing to be told, that John will take care of that, of
“Of course I am,” Sherlock scoffs, all the more needled by the question because of the amount of time he’s just spent thinking about cocaine. John’s eyes bore into his in a way that Sherlock used to
They only tried rimming once, and briefly, in the early days of their relationship, and John couldn’t not notice that only a few licks turned Sherlock into a quivering mess.  At that time, though, only the third time he got to have Sherlock in his bed, he was too desperate to get his mouth at other parts of Sherlock’s body, and later there were always other acts at the forefront of his interest. But today, he wants to take his time and
“Okay,” he says, and it occurs to Sherlock that John probably thought Sherlock wouldn’t want to be alone with him, after what happened. But Sherlock has no reason to be afraid of him: there seems to be no anger left in this shadow of his John and if there was, Sherlock trusts himself now to put a stop to it.
Sherlock felt it was over, he tried to move to get away but it wasn’t working. He presses his forehead to the floor, hating every bone in his body that refused to move. He never told John he loved him back, he’d die here without him ever knowing that.
“Oh! Sorry, sorry.” She amended quietly though not entirely sorry and scurried over to where Sherlock was studying. Not school but forensic files.
“Definitely, I can’t stand her.” Sherlock replied moving to walk by his side as they made their way slowly down the hall.
“Come back..” John said sluggishly, hoping his familiar constant would stay constant. John didn’t want him to leave at all the mysterious stranger with a large coat was so comforting and grounding, John was drawn to him immediately. He wondered if he was the first time they met as well.
“Pull yourself together before you see him.” Greg’s voice came from down the hall as he walked toward them water bottle in hand. “Thought you might need this.” He threw it to Sherlock who just barely caught it with his hand that wasn’t on the IV stand.
People came out of their rooms wondering what the commotion was then went back into their rooms assuming it dealt with. None of them looked towards the window.
“I love you.” He breathed out softly and their lips met just brushing together softly. The world stopping for the two were one.
“He’s angry isn’t he?” Mycroft asked into the quiet trying to shake the odd feeling he always got around hospitals.
They forced the doors with anything they could find laying around but they wouldn’t open even a crack. Mycroft had called someone in to open it for them but it would take too long they all already knew. There was a silence around the area, the city was a long ways away and the bustle of it was absent from the background, leaving them in an uneasy silence in a race against time.
“How do you come up with this so quickly?” Sherlock asks as he reads over it briefly smiling at the lyrics.
Time. Time was something Sherlock didn’t have much of but he needed to stall his inevitable homicide for John to get the police. He didn’t know either of their state but he hoped they were able to get the police.
Now John; his lover, boyfriend, his entire life has been turned into merely a child because Sherlock failed to protect him.
“And I can’t believe he’s sleeping with my brother.” Sherlock gags comically and leaves the room to go to his own and grab the file.
“Stay here.” Sherlock said more stern as he pushed on John’s shoulder to get him to sit down. John glared at the door as Sherlock closed it behind him pulling off his hood angrily. He was acting like the child he looked like but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
John on the other hand, he was running around after anyone he could get to talk to him to fill the space in his heart. He liked Sherlock and it was ripping him to pieces so he tried to get other people to fix him.
“Contrary to popular belief, I do have relationships Sherlock. Albeit nothing close to what you have with John, but relationships nonetheless.” Mycroft replied tightly.
“None of us do. We’ll get him. It’ll be okay.” The words weren't out of his mouth before a piercing screech broke the silence and they both went to cover their ears turning towards the building where the noise had come from. The door opened a moment later and a man emerged unfamiliar to both the men by the cars and every gun was pointed to him instantly.
John got up and made his way into the kitchen, watched Sherlock pace from his place at the counter. He made tea for the bother them, listened to Sherlocks mumbling voice from the living room.
He wasn’t staring at her butt or boobs (which were both threatened to fall out) or anything just looking at Sherlock. John had khaki shorts on and a stupid t-shirt that said ‘I speak fluent broadway and sarcasm.’ He too had concern in his expression but also curiosity and something Sherlock couldn’t place.
"What?! Why didn't you call me in? Did you say yes? Please tell me you said yes!" She yelled in excitement jumping and grabbing his shoulders.
“Who am I?” John asks carefully and watches as Sherlock’s expression crumbles. John is taken aback at the sudden emotions of pain, longing and what he couldn’t only describe as heartbreak. “Y-you don’t have to-“ John quickly tried to amend.
Sherlock looked at John confused trying to think of what he meant and moved over to the wardrobe to find something for each of them to wear. He was thinking of what John was trying to say when he realized what he meant. Whoops.
"I need this copied immediately." Sherlock demanded of the guard and they did it without question and he was leaving. He ignored Lestrade's attempt at speaking to him in favor of getting in his car and turning up the radio.
"Why?" John wines to himself feeling humiliated and yet angry at Sherlock. Of course he had to pick today to be a jerk.
“Sherlock-“ He could feel Molly falling his shoulder and plastered on a smile as his thoughts continued to conjure things out of his control. “-are you alright?”
"Someone came to talk to Molly." John said to Sherlocks questioning gaze. "Do you have any idea what happened?" John asked as he sat again across from Sherlock at the desk.
“I don’t wanna Shewock, pwease.” John begs pitifully clutching Sherlock’s shirt and hiding his face in his neck, tears gathering in his eyes already.
“Oh god, I remember that case, it was awful.” He sounded horrified, and it shook Sherlock to the bone. Lestrade was, a good man, a strong one and it took a lot to rile him. So John’s case must have been truly horrible. Sherlock swallowed thickly before answering.
“I know you’re not dead so you better get up.” John huffed, frustration to hide his worry and underlying pain of seeing him this way. He tugged at Greg’s shoulders but he gave no response and worry was really starting to eat John up.
“I know. I won't be a smartass and walk on my own, I won't ignore my body and not take a break, I won't use the stairs and I won't go on the balconies.”
Sherlock nods approvingly and turns to the stove. "I'm boiling water to sterilise the needle." He explains dropping the needle in to the boiling water.
Silent words that didn’t need to be said and yet they were anyway, shared between kisses and touches and movements. “I love you.” “I love you too.” Over and over and over. It didn't matter who said it first; they had both already known it, had already shown it.
“Yes, very complex and impossible for you to understand in this state.” Came a curt drawl from the bedroom doorway, a polished dress shoe stepping into the room soon followed by the tip of an umbrella.
“So Johnathan how’s life been here in New York?” The women asked her American accent in contrast to his British one.
Sherlock opened his eyes a blue sky with a soft fuzzy glow about it was the first thing he saw. A tree to his right he saw next with leaves of green and yellow shades, some falling around him. The whole scene had an almost angelic glow to it and Sherlock had never seen anywhere as beautiful.
Little things lay around that reminded him of John, as much as he wanted to try and forget about the situation and what he’d just done to John, he was unable to with all these inane reminders. That silly little cup he’d actually bought so John wouldn’t continue spilling juice all over the carpet and forcing him to clean it. Tiny socks he’d been unable to pack for John with the limited time they had to get John ready to go. A shock blanket Sherlock had stolen from a crime scene that John had used for almost every nap he’d ever taken, he regretted he hadn’t packed it for him.
“I’m going to go look.” Sherlock said slowly moving away his hand falling away from Johns as he creeps over to the papers again.
“It’s okay, it’s alright.” Sherlock says moving closer to him rubbing John’s arm lightly not entirely sure how to comfort him without John latching onto him and doing what he needed himself. He maneuvered John onto his lap trying not move him too much in case it would hurt him but John didn’t protest simply leaning against him as much as he could in this state.
"Oh forget her, she's already dead isn't she?" Sherlock said irritated, closing a small case of blood cover bark.
“Hey.” Sherlock said holding John’s arms lightly to get his attention. “It’s fine alright? Just an accident.” He assured him rubbing his arms lightly.
Mycroft came off and on when his work schedule allowed, John knew that Mycroft was hurting a great deal himself having to see Sherlock this way. He’d told him that he would wake, Sherlock was strong and he would come back. Mycroft hadn’t replied then but he told himself that often, Sherlock was strong. He would wake up.
“The second group had found him- thank god- I don’t think I’d be able to see him in the state Fletcher had described to me, he was in some field out of town beaten to crap with severe burns passed out on the ground. I got to the scene after he had been carted away to the hospital and the place was. I don’t really have words for it. It was how you would expect a crime scene to be a bloody massacre, body parts thrown about blood everywhere but what was most terrifying was the actual decapitated head sitting upon a rock which overlooked where John was on the ground. I went to the hospital he had large circular electrical burns on his temples and wrists along with a long list of injures. I stayed, oversaw his treatment made the decisions figured out where to put him the government paid for his treatment as he was underaged. I couldn’t stay though as much as I wanted to, I didn’t think he trusted me anymore let alone would want to be in my presence. Three days later he woke up and I got a call he was asking for me so I went, he didn’t bring it up so I assume he lost the memory along with what happened when he got taken. I visited randomly here and there but I felt too guilty so I slowly stopped coming together, probably not the best option but I didn’t know what to do a.” He trailed off. “That’s all I really know, the case was open and investigated for a year, nothing was found.”
“That clock is broken too.” John pointed out before going back to his tea. “It was a family heirloom according to her letter and you just pushed it down the stairs.”
"Yes well, I didn't have much time to unpack." Sherlock muttered almost ashamed as he moves things around. John wanders over to the skull on the mantle and looks at it with interested.
As if summoned by his thoughts, Mycroft was there when he arrived back instead of Mrs Hudson. Mycroft turned to look at him acknowledging his presence but not speaking and John was grateful, he didn’t make an attempt at conversation either, he usually didn’t. He dropped his stuff by the door and settled back into his usual position at Sherlocks bedside.
It was too much at once, he couldn’t handle it. The emotions and keeping track of the mission and John was there in front of him. He had a gun and so did Sherlock and all he wanted was to hold him.
The next day Molly and Sherlock’s talk is forgotten or at least by Molly, Sherlock spends the whole day hoping she won’t bring it up and trying to get a moment alone with John.
"Well, yes. I would hope." Sherlock replied sheepishly. He didn't mean to jump to conclusions or anything he just enjoyed John's company so much he wanted to have it there in the future as well.
"Never mind you with making up excuses. Just get back to your room before Martha -Mrs Hudson- returns, your brother will be most displeased if she reports you missing."
The subject of either of the kisses was never brought up. John understood now why Sherlock wouldn't answer him before, because if someone asked him what the hell he just did he wouldn't know what to tell them.
“See you later.” The resounding click rung in Sherlock’s ears as he lowered his phone to his lap. He felt like he was in shock, he had no idea and that wasn’t even the whole story. John’s family was gone, his own uncle beat him and he still didn’t know how he got his head injury.
If only it wasn’t John, it might be more fun. Every time he thought of John in the hands of his captor something inside of him broke off and died. Bits of his resolve crumbling and his anger growing with the increasingly dangerous situation.
John looked through the wardrobe and found sleeping clothes like Sherlock said but he also found Sherlock's clothes. Vowing to think on it later John closed the doors and changed quickly before flopping on the bed. He lifted the covers and almost as soon as his head hit the pillow he was asleep.
As his eyes adjusted to the room around him he’s able to see the room he’s been brought into. The security room, black screens around them and desks, shelves of technology John had no idea about.
It seemed a long time that it took for him to find the entrance to the building although he was moving at a rapid pace it felt much longer. Time slowed at a pace that he felt the shifts in the air around him, death carried away in a downhill spiral and he breathed fresh air for a moment. The tall grass rustled at his ankles and for a moment he felt everything stopped as he found his way to the building's door.
It was almost like a lake one second it was calm, the waves slowing and it was becoming still someone just had to jump in. Ruining the stillness and creating waves and ripples not allowing it to settle. Creating chaos.
"How could you..?" John questioned faintly his frustration and anger falling apart at the guilt in Sherlock's eyes that he stared into.
That was more Sherlock being a dick and also loving how John did things for him. Sherlock had been thinking about it more and more and had come to the realization he liked John more than friends probably should. It was borderline love but he wouldn't admit it, well not yet. John's minds was around the same line of thought recently.
Winter slowly got more and more frustrating, time spent indoors was awful. But time spent outside was just as awful with John all jumpy by his side. If they did go outside it was spent in a tree- one of John's favorite activities -or on John's balcony with his guitar and Sherlock's violin. The days seemed to be stretching out as Christmas draws closer and with each passing day Sherlock becomes more antsy.
“Sherlock..” John looked into Sherlock's eyes, ever changing color and depth. He wanted to say everything he was thinking, everything Sherlock meant to him but there were no words he could come up with to describe it. “Thank you.”
Sherlock gags to himself and as he does so, he remembers that when he used to do so, John would laugh and roll his eyes fondly before kissing his cheek and would call him jealous. As annoying as it was Sherlock finds himself
John's head was in a whirlwind, just when he finally thought some peace would come for his life Jim Moriarty had to come crashing back in. He remembers him from when they were children he met him only a few days after his parents murder, three to be exact. He remembers as he watched from the porch out back as Jim Moriarty skinned a stag he had shot, most likely illegally.
"Would it be better or worse if we split up!?" John yelled ahead at Sherlock over the rain as he rounded a corner.
"Yes, as always, goodbye." Mycroft sighed irritated then left. Sherlock waited until he was around the hall before running across the hall to the boys room. He was strapped to his bed, looking drowsy( in comfortable clothes though so probably here for a while)and had a breathing tube down his throat, which was inconvenient as he wouldn't be able to speak. The room was colder than his own smaller and missing the large wall wide window like his own on the back wall, instead leaving it blank.
John made his way to a car and propped himself up against it. His leg was already throbbing in protest from the cold, especially after being on icy the ground. John just wanted to go home. This was too much. Lestrade was muttering something about hoping he did fall just to get him to slow down. John didn't care much he just wanted to be home.
"You are astonishing, as always." John praises just before lightning struck, the power goes off and thunder crashes as darkness surrounds them. As the thunder hits a scream comes from the wall behind them and Sherlock shoots up though John can only hear him with the lights out.
““I know.” He says and sighs placing his hands over his face. Not a lot of people knew it due to her cuddly, cute persona but if you got to know Molly you’d find out she is a control maniac.
Sherlock walked in and looked around he had been through John's room before but only just to get to the balcony. He hardly had the chance to look around. Now that he had the chance to Sherlock saw that the walls were practically bare and it seemed like nobody had ever moved in.
“I know, I’m not as stupid as you seem to think. I know how to keep my feet under me.” They moved out of the room Sherlock on Johns left, hand on his hip for support as John held to his shoulders. They walked alone for a while in relative silence, with the exception of the occasional doctor or nurse who seemed to all know John and want to have a conversation. After a while of doing loops Sherlock got bored of doing circles so he started pulling John a different way.
His limbs didn’t hurt from being suspended any longer, his head didn’t hurt from having to hold it high to avoid the ropes that threatened to end him. His feet didn't ache from holding his own weight up for hours on end, he lost the sight of despair of the dark hospital in his mind. He knew that when he opened his eyes that wouldn't be what was waiting for him.
Sherlock ignored him and left slamming the door behind him he grabbed John’s arm and left the building.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Molly asks confused realizing that Sherlock was being serious and starting to act the same.
“Calm down both of you, alright. Sherlock can help me with the music and Molly you can.. coordinate with manager.” He says and Molly buys right into his act.
In the cab ride to the flat Sherlock told John the story of how they met and had John read his blog as well. It was rather fascinating the cabbie, the two pills, Johns apparent limp that suddenly went away. It was fascinating, yes, but it was like reading someone else’s life not his own. The John in the story had killed for Sherlock only a day or so after meeting him.
"I believe it is a tracking device." Sherlock says carefully taking John's wrist and looking at the blinking.
‘Too hard to deal with. I just want the facts, John. That's all that matters, feelings just get in the way of things.’
“I thought you might need my help.” John said and he smiled a bit in the way he did when he was saying something just to annoy Sherlock. He was joking, as if this was okay to distract him in this way while he was on the job.
“All right fine. You stay Mycroft and I will go.” Sherlock compromises to Lestrade as he heads for the door. John makes a move to follow but think better of it at the two men block the door so he stays put.
"Alright Johnny lets- oh! Mr Holmes!" The lady exclaimed. Sherlock spins around in surprise to look at the women in the doorway, it was Mrs Carson, he had met her at the front desk. She was holding some sort of medical instrument he couldn't identify, it seemed to be a kind of helmet. The woman herself was late forties, hair just starting to gray, loss of child the way she seemed to baby the boy and average marriage by her wedding ring.
He put his free hand on the wall carefully navigating around the edges in the darkness of the room. He kept his arm cautiously over his mouth and nose not knowing what the sudden air blowing through the room had in it. He had his suspicions it wasn’t actually clean air.
Eventually John ushered Sherlock out so he could get ready for seemingly hours. Once he was gone John went to call Lestrade in need of advice and across the hall in Sherlock's room he was calling Mrs Hudson for the same.
“Sherlock.” A quiet voice called and so Sherlock sat up slowly, the bright and warmth around him calming and peaceful. He turned, seeing John beside him sitting in the grass of such colors, lush bushes and trees behind him.
“You kept youw pwomise.” John says smiling brightly up at him even though it seemed tired it was happy nonetheless.
His hearing seemed to be coming back more steadily than his sight so he focused on that for the moment instead of the increasingly worrying variables of what had become of himself. He heard the voice of what seemed to be a middle aged woman and an older man, it was very difficult to make sense of what they were saying, despite hearing the words he couldn’t seem to string them together.
“Molly about Jim…” Sherlock started but not sure how to continue simply shifted nervously not wanting to tell her.
"What? No, no! N-nothing at all." John stuttered embarrassed and quickly put down the fork then got up to take the plate to the kitchen. "I'll just- you two can.. yeah." John said awkwardly retreating to the kitchen.
John reaches for the remote and turns on the vibrations. Sherlock’s reaction is immediate and stronger that John expected: his entire body jerks wildly and he shouts, gripping John’s legs hard enough to bruise.
“I hope you know you deserve better than how he treated you,” Robert tells him softly, his lips moving against Sherlock’s scalp. Sherlock nods – he didn’t always know it, but he does now, and Robert has certainly contributed to that. Sherlock feels inexpressibly grateful that out of the myriad of cottages on offer, he happened to choose this one and got to meet this wonderful man who’s shown him so much kindness and care for no reason at all, without wanting anything in return.
He walked down to where the windows were on his right, his mind flashed an image of a sniper aiming for his head. He turned quickly to look out at the peaceful scene. Outside was dark but the sky was clear and lit the ground by the moon. John didn't notice at first comforted by the tranquil scene until he noticed a tree.
That night Sherlock stayed awake thinking of not Johnathan Watson the quickly rising rockstar of the internet. But of John a boy who moved back to London to ‘find someone’. He imagined who John would be off camera and not through a wall but in person face to face, if he would accept Sherlock as the egotistical, sociopath he was. When he did fall asleep he dreamt of a John he could talk with and tease and hug and hold hands and be all domestic with. He dreamt of a John he could kiss which was something he had dreamt of before but now in more depth. His voice no longer disturbed by a screen and microphones but just a wall a very thin wall he was so incredibly thankful for.
They said their goodbyes at Sherlock’s door and Sherlock headed inside with a smile plastered onto his face. He hoped Molly wouldn’t notice or was asleep. She wasn’t and she did.
"To make you happy." Sherlock stops in the middle of the almost empty street as he turns to look Johnn in the eye.
When he entered he was bombarded by Molly and bearded in while she talked his ear off. He pointedly stayed quite not following at all as she got it out of her system. When she did calm down he looked at her questionably.
Sherlock had woken him up before the sun had even risen and whisked him off to the crime scene not even bothering to let him get a cup of coffee. So there he stood with four or so other officers drinking slushy, crappy coffee out of a paper cup in the freezing hours of the morning.
"Lestrade if you wish to insult us there are better ways of going about it. Now, if you don't have anything new on the case I suggest you leave." He growled almost like an animal. An overprotective animal. More specificity an overprotective animal over his mate.
"Examine the body, Dr Watson." Sherlock snipped back. Arse. So John got down on his knees onto freezing icy ground and went through the motions of looking over the body mechanically. Muscle memory helping him throughout the process as his legs started losing feeling.
A buzzing noise clicked on behind him before he could create a plan and he turned slowly back behind him. There was a monitor he had been leaning back against on a shelving unit on the lowest shelf almost on the floor.
They were both crying now he was sure of it. Mycroft would tell him he was being sentimental getting too attached but Sherlock couldn't find it in him to care.
They thought they were safe but after all the universe loved to prove them wrong. In every way possible.
He doesn’t want to leave, he wants to stay and tell these people to leave them alone, to reassure John and make him laugh again, make everything okay. He can’t, he knows he can’t but it’s all he can think about as he starts his slow descent back to the living room.
“Look around you, John. Look at where you are and who you are with. We’re in a hospital for goodness sake, look at the pieces of everyone around you, watch as they fall apart in front of your eyes. Why do you think I’m here, John, if not to be put back together again.” John didn’t understand, he couldn’t. For some reason he never asked why Sherlock was at the hospital, it never occurred to him. He really was an idiot, an idiot that could only think to say one thing..
"John!" Sherlock pounded on John's closed door the next morning. Completely ignoring the sign on the outside that said 'Bugger off Sherlock. You kept me up all night now your going to have to deal with being alone for a while so I can sleep.'
“Then we’ll just have to be happy until then.” John stated decisively and stood up taking Sherlocks hand and tugging him off the bed with him. Even though there was obviously no way John could pull Sherlock anywhere he followed him anyway, not wanting him to get hurt if he left him alone.
Embarrassed that his nervousness is so obvious, Sherlock struggles to look Florian in the eye, but once he does he makes up his mind. Florian’s face is incredibly easy to read: there’s want and arousal there, but also sincerity and simple, unstudied
There is the small matter of the fact that John has stopped wearing his wedding ring and may therefore start dating again soon, but Sherlock will cross that bridge when he comes to it. He’s done it before, he can do it again. Rosie certainly deserves to have two parents, and if John can find a woman who will love her like her own, he’ll have Sherlock’s full support. If Sherlock has to give another best man’s speech, then that’s what he will do.
he whines, something between a needy and bossy. His cock is flush against his belly, wet with John’s saliva, and his stretched hole looks painfully empty, trying to close around nothing.
The question is, does John still feel the same way? Does Sherlock even want him to? Because no matter how he looks at it, it’s clear now that it was whatever John felt for Sherlock that made him lash out and hurt Sherlock. Could a love so tainted ever recover into something healthy?
Sherlock can barely wrap his head around what he’s feeling about the whole thing, but it helps to relay it all to Ella in impersonal, dispassionate terms. Ella isn’t like Dr Schneider, her gaze isn’t so piercing, she doesn’t make Sherlock feel like she already knows everything about him so there’s no point in hiding or pretending, but she knows John, she knows their history, and that makes it a bit easier. She tells him she’s pleased with the progress he’s made since the last time she saw him – and Sherlock knows that she’s right, that he’s so much more self-aware, more conscious and less afraid of his own emotions now, but at the same time it feels like all of the sense of peace and clarity he cultivated while he was away has crumbled into dust. Ella says that was only to be expected, that coming back to what made him go away in the first place was bound to be a setback, but that he should be able get back on track much faster now.
On the other hand… Sherlock was clearly in a pretty bad state of mind when John left him. And has a history of illicit substance abuse.
likes it hard, but because he knows Sherlock needs it, and because he knows Sherlock finds it easier when given a direct command. “Fuck me harder, hard as you can.”
“Oh so you’re up to date on slang then are you?” Sherlock teases pocking John’s side with his fingers cause John to squeal softly. “Fine than he’s a bellend.”
“Yes. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.” Sherlock says softly smiling and rubbing John’s knuckles with his thumb.
"So, John." His aunt says cautiously sliding up to stand beside him as he chops lettuce. "Sherlock tells me you haven't been- oh how should I put this? -putting out." She says delicately placing her pan of pasta in-front of her.
“You know who I am. Sherlock, I know it's soon and everything but I need you down at the station. We have a few suspects.” Sherlock rolls his eyes.
“Oh, Mr Holmes, back again are we?” She asked and he made his move to stand when she pushed him down by his shoulder and moved to the other side of the bed. “Your fine, I spoke to Martha, it seems your authorized.”
"Because I'll figure it out myself and won't let you go." He promised lifting his hand to his mouth and lightly kissed at the scars there. John throws his arms around Sherlock happily and Sherlock wraps his own around John's waist.
“It only started at the hospital, so the day we found him. March eighteenth.” Sherlock relays the information filling in each piece in the board.
He sighed to himself and steeled himself as much as he could before moving down the second hallway. Somehow the yells from down the hall made him feel a little less scared than complete silence, he could think of that rather than the bad things that could happen.
This is the point where Molly short circuits, she doesn’t move, speak or even blink for what must be over two minutes straight. She just sits there staring into -what feels like- Sherlock’s soul for a lifetime.
"Yes, your forgiven." John pressed a kiss to corner of Sherlock's lips before sitting up and binging Sherlock carefully with him. "You could have just told me you know. Or Greg or even your brother."
"It's no problem." Sherlock said offhandedly to Lestrade then focusing back on John, switching back into detective mode. "I will be, and will find out what happened guaranteed."
John hit the floor with a loud smack of his limbs against the hard flooring. He shuffled back quickly as James loomed over him threateningly, his back pressed to whatever object was behind him.
“What?” Sherlock asked back, dumbfounded. The thought of going on tour with John was daunting and made Sherlocks heart speed up.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks after Molly has screamed her heart out and is now just laying there on her bed.
"Sherlock?" John asked nervously looking to Sherlock confused. He didn't understand what was happening he had only just woke up the other day and now he had a glowing thing in his arm. The only thing he knew was Sherlock, everything else didn't make sense.
“What? No, of course, I didn’t!” Sherlock protests looking at her as if she were crazy and ignoring the light blush on his cheeks at the thought.
“Alright, fine.” Molly says laying back into her bed herself. She didn’t want to push sherlock but she was concerned as to what he was talking about and didn’t know if she’d be able to sleep that night because if it.
"Didn't he tell you all of this yesterday?" Molly complains again sitting on her bed and wrapping up in a blanket. "It's freezing in here."
Sherlock looked over to John as they walked out closer to the wall. He looked enraptured with his surroundings, completely in awe and Sherlock made sure to file the look away.
A bitter laugh broke free from Sherlock, a biting rotten sound that consumed his entire face, twisting into a grim look of determination.
"Why? Why had you hoped I wouldn't remember?" He asked sitting on one of the bar stools keeping his hands away from the many substances and clasped in his lap instead.
“Oh you should've seen him. I've never seen him so hopeful couldn't stop talking about his night out with Sherlock. It really was adorable.”
He picked John up along with his bag as they were done packing, holding him close to his chest as they left the building. A sleek black car awaited them, parked on the sidewalk for John to be taken away in. Sherlock was having a hard time stomaching the thought of having to tell John goodbye, even though maybe this was easier than losing him in the first place it was still one of the hardest things he's ever had to do. Realising he had amnesia was a close second.
“His last album.” Sherlock informs her as he did his research paper and wrote notes in his ridiculous hand writing that no one can read but himself.
"No, um.." he quickly went into the kitchen rummaging around and John followed him watching him fondly as he dug through drawers of junk. Sherlock made a little 'ah-ha' noise as he pulled out a spring, metal cutting pliers and his Bunsen burner. He clipped the spring and used the burner to melt the two sides together then stuck it under the faucet and turned the water on to cool it.
"If you want my help you'll cease what you are doing immediately." Mycroft says shortly, though Sherlock knew that wasn't true. As much as he did want to mess with Mycroft and be as annoying as possible he had John to worry about.
The pain curled in John's stomach and lodged deep in his throat. He took a breath trying to steady himself, breathing in the thick air of whatever substance was being pushed into the room. He sighed trying not to let it get to his head, he had to save Greg.
John wobbled and teetered like a toddler trying to walk for the first time Sherlock startled and made to stand thinking he was falling down. But John caught himself on the arm of his chair and Sherlock settled back down, hoping John didn't see. John asked where and Sherlock pointed him to their bedroom, struggling to keep his voice steady.
Greg sighed to himself and pressed the gas pedal closer to the floor, rushing as quickly as he could to the location Sherlock had provided. John’s last contact before whatever had happened. CCTV was down, Mycroft had only been gone for a moment before chaos had ensued. He knew that he would blame himself.
“I am awake.” Sherlock said finally finding his own voice, he didn’t understand what John meant as the blue in the sky seems to turn a bright blinding light. He didn’t mind though not understanding it didn’t bother him, not with how he was feeling at that moment.
“Why not? Don’t you want to see them?” John questioned confused as to why someone wouldn't want to see their parents on Christmas.
After a few minutes of labored breathing and calming words Sherlock sat up slowly as John moved back though not far.
“I can’t, you know it.” Sebastian tried to reason taking Jim’s hand from his arm and holding it gently between his own. “I have to go.”
"I might just be done. Honestly it'll probably be for the best for me but I'll get a bad rep for it." John explained to Sherlock as they walked down the path outside. "I just really don't want to let anyone down ya know?"
"Oh lovely. Hand them to John to be cut up and you can help me make more of this special ricotta." Maggie says taking her pan of pasta and turning to the stove to pull more noodles from the pots.
“You can’t possibly know that. You will most likely leave within the year but I’ve already been here for four years now and nothing has changed. I’m incurable, And when I turn eighteen I lose my childcare funding and won’t be able to stay here for a week. How can you possibly think you could fix that?”
"I was gone for like ten minutes, what happened?" She asked curiously coming to sit in front of his oddly still form.
“That’s dangerous.” Sherlock commented idly brushing snow off of his stuff. He smacked Johns boot covered foot away from his face when it came too close.
"Sherlock?" John called as he sat typing out his blog. They just returned from a long case with an Irish diplomat in Ireland and they were both extremely happy to be home.
John could hardly comprehend what he had heard. Sherlock had made breakfast and put paracetamol out in case his shoulder was hurting. How oddly considerate. That definitely wasn't Sherlock.
"He was fine. I don't think he cares for me much though, he's always with Johnny. I don't blame him though we just don't get on well."
"Shame." Is all John says as he goes to sit in one of the chairs, Sherlock follows him and sits in the other. They lapsed into a comfortable silence both of them in their respective headspace.
Mycroft is gone as Sherlock arrives in the room and he sinks into his chair heavily, feeling incredibly nervous and uncertain about this. He had no idea how this was supposed to go and didn’t know if it would work or have any repercussions on John or his health. All he could do was hope and wait.
“I had them set up in the spare room.” Mycroft says simply moving his gaze away from the doorway and back to the two across from him.
"Stay here." Sherlock tells him before walking briskly down the hall and locking himself in the bedroom. John sits and waits impatiently fiddling with his fingers and looking down the hall Sherlock had disappeared down.
A string hung from the ceiling and another and another. Millions of them scattered about dangling from the ceiling. At the end of each one a paper, taped to the strings and the nimble fingers connected them all, one by one.
“I’m bettew now.” John protests leaning into Sherlocks chest heavily. “I don’t need to.” He whines pulling at Sherlock's shirt lightly.
“Do you honestly think that?” He sneered, falling back into his cold mask which he observed bodies and chased killers with, John had never witnessed something so terrifyingly empty from his new friend. John was so taken aback he almost took a step back before he realized Sherlock was the reason he was still standing.
Sherlock had to think. This was important, a game and it seemed the prize was John. Whoever this person is clearly John knows him but he wouldn't speak of him now. He's playing meticulously every move paid specific and precise attention to. Sherlock just needed to find a weak point.
When he wakes again it is early- in what he assumes to be -the next day and he is in a new room with more windows and a bigger bed and more furniture. The man is still there with him now on the other side of him, today he is sitting his legs pulled up onto his chair and eyes closed, his hand is still holding John’s. A constant presence that John hopes will stay for a long time.
“Touch yourself,” John tells him, and Sherlock does so without hesitation, one hand flying to pump at his cock with rapid strokes.
“Well, it was beautiful,” John says, and when Sherlock looks at him he’s smiling, making warmth bloom in Sherlock’s chest. Will he ever be immune to John’s praise? Probably not. “Does it have a name?”
Since now, really. Sherlock decided on the plane from Switzerland that since he was going to spend a few days in a city, he might as well use the opportunities it offers. He enjoyed the time he spent with Florian and he was a bit sorry to leave, even though he knew their relation wouldn’t have lasted much longer anyway.  But sex is good, he’s discovered. Closeness, being called amazing, being held, orgasms, the sated lassitude afterwards. The illusion of not being alone. He wants more of it, and where would be a better place to look for it?
The movements of his hips change then, no longer light and teasing, but firm and purposeful, chasing a specific goal. He pulls almost all the way out and then pushes back in, slow and gentle but determined, making Sherlock feel every millimetre of his cock as it strokes over Sherlock passage. He grinds against Sherlock’s prostate every single time, igniting sparks of pleasure so sharp and concentrated Sherlock couldn’t keep quiet now if his life depended it on it.
He can feel John’s eyes on him as he pours half a packet of penne into boiling water and grates the cheddar, but he refuses to be made uncomfortable by it. Just focus on the cooking.
Robert looked at him with a sort of suspicion in his eyes, as if he thought he’d misunderstood, or that Sherlock was trying to make fun of him somehow.
Sherlock is lying on his side, pale body stretched, head resting propped up on one hand. His cock is at half-mast and there is a flush to his cheeks that John knows has little to do with the steam of the shower. He is breath-taking.
“Thank you,” she smiles in a way that makes her look very pretty, but she sobers up quickly and Sherlock steels himself for the inevitable. “But, Sherlock. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to but you know I have to ask. What’s going on?” she asks gently. “Why did you leave so suddenly? Did something happen between you and John?”
The results have been… well. Unsurprising. He’s clearly got a type. Short but strong. Sandy hair shot with grey. Blue eyes with crow’s feet. Small, capable hands. He wonders what came first: did John Watson arrive into his life as a misguided gift from the gods, a perfect fit for Sherlock’s unknown, deeply buried desires? Or did he sneak into Sherlock’s subconscious and shape this untouched, featureless part of Sherlock? He tries to remember who he’d found attractive before John but he can’t.
Fortunately, John doesn’t waste much time, and he comes in with only a fraction of the hesitance he showed on the previous occasion.
He walks the rest of the way to his hotel with significantly more spring in his step. Once he gets to his room he draws a hot bath and orders room service (hot chips and a cheesecake) – if he has no one to hold him, he’s going to make the most of other sources of comfort. When he gets in bed he very consciously doesn’t pretend that the duvet is someone’s arms holding him close, and instead he thinks about the things he has planned for the near future: the sex toys, a little cottage in the Cotswolds near an animal rescue centre where he hopes to volunteer, a new composition he’d like to start working on. And other things he hasn’t discovered yet. He snuggles deeper into the covers and lets himself feel a little bit hopeful.
A waiter comes to take their order before Sherlock can ask what she means by that. Irene raises an immaculately groomed eyebrow when Sherlock orders chocolate chip pancakes, evidently under the impression that it’s an order fit for a five-year-old. Sherlock doesn’t care – he loves pancakes.
“And I assume no one calls you The Woman anymore, either,” he retorts, and he’s pleased to note his voice sounds passably cool, like he doesn’t care at all that he’s having brunch with a dominatrix while sporting a hickey. He doesn’t think he fools her, however.
“Not entirely on purpose? What does that mean?” John asked. He sounded upset, but he still cared enough to cover Sherlock with the duvet, giving him at least a little bit of dignity. He didn’t seem to mind that he was stark naked, too.
“Accidents happen,” John says simply, and god, a part of him actually wishes Sherlock had said yes, so that he could go and find that bastard and punch him within an inch of his life. “Was it… not good, then?”
Emboldened, Sherlock shifted to put his lips to John’s nipples instead. He licked at the little nub, feeling it harden, and it was
“Thank you,” he murmurs, and settles himself with his head on John’s shoulder. John takes a drink too and then pulls Sherlock even closer, brushing damp curls from his forehead. Sherlock gives him a gentle smile, eyes full of affection.
Sherlock shrugs, trying to act nonchalant. “It’s my understanding that many women like frequenting gay bars because it allows them to have fun free of unwanted male attention.”
Sherlock’s heart seems to be beating all the way up in his throat when Robert takes his hand and leads him upstairs. He wills himself to relax as much as possible, to trust Robert to take care of him – it’s what Robert does. He lets Sherlock be in charge when he wants to be, but otherwise he’s happy to take control. Sherlock lets himself melt into Robert’s kisses and caresses as they undress each other, a familiar dance by now.
But it’s more than just not knowing what to do – he’s not even sure what he feels about this. Hurt, yes. Disgust, to some level. But is he also… hopeful? Excited, even? He doesn’t know what all of that adds up to and what he should do about it.
“Your therapist,” Sherlock breathes – clearly a part of his brain is still functional, still putting things together.
Sherlock holds his gaze for a long time. He knows that John means it with every fibre of his being, and perhaps that’s enough. He’s filled with a sudden feeling of profound relief: this is what he needed, to see John determined to do better by him. Only time will tell if John will keep his word, but for now, the intent is enough. They can work through the rest.
He stops in his tracks when he realises there’s an obvious answer to this: he doesn’t have to let anyone do anything to him to find out. He can to that on his own. He can find new ways to touch himself, he can… buy some toys. A butt plug like Terry’s, maybe, though he should probably start with something smaller. He feels self-conscious, thinking about masturbation in the middle of the street even though there’s hardly anyone about, but he also feels himself grin. He can find out if he likes it and if he does, then he can try it with another person. This is what this time away from his life is about, after all: learning about himself and making the most of what makes him happy, however temporarily. He won’t let John deprive him of a possible source of pleasure.
he felt high on being able to give John this. And John didn’t seem to find things too quick or boring anyway, he was clearly enjoying it, head thrown back, eyes screwed shut, encouraging Sherlock to go on.
They are silent for a moment. Sherlock knows he shouldn’t ask – cold turkey, he’d decided. But he can’t help himself.
“I’m so sorry, love. I thought… the sounds you were making, I honestly thought you were enjoying it.”
He nods, and then watches, mesmerised, as John’s small, beloved hand wraps itself around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock sucks in a noisy breath as John’s hand moves, and he bites down on his lower lip.
“It’s okay, love, you’re okay,” he whispers soothingly, pushing Sherlock’s hair away from his damp forehead. “Just breathe with me, okay? Nice and slow.” He places Sherlock’s hand on his chest and makes himself breathe slowly and deeply so that Sherlock can match his breathing to his. “There you go, very good. Nice and slow, that’s right.”
Two weeks after leaving London, Sherlock receives an email from the woman he hired to be Rosie’s nanny. She usually emails him the number of hours she worked that week so that he can pay her the rest of her wages. This time, however, she lets him know that she will no longer be working for Dr Watson because he moved to the other side of London and the commute would be too long for her. Sherlock stares at the email, dumbfounded. John moved out of the house he had shared with Mary? But where? Why? He wants to text John to find out for a split second, then reconsiders and nearly contacts Molly or Lestrade or Mrs Hudson to see if they know something, or if all else fails, Mycroft, even though encouraging his brother’s meddling is never advisable and it took a substantial amount of effort to make sure he’d leave John alone (he doesn’t know what happened, but there aren’t many people who could make Sherlock want to leave London). He forces himself not to contact anyone. He’s here because he needs distance from John, that much is clear to him now. He needs to maintain that distance until the time is right. Cold turkey.
Sherlock shrugs. “I was just wondering if there’s a way we could fabricate a reason for Lestrade to be there at the same time.”
“Yes,” he says instead, and then, without planning it or consciously deciding to do it, Sherlock tells him everything. He sits there naked in Robert’s bed and the words spill out in a flood he can’t stop, everything he’s been bottling up pouring out of him.
He hadn’t planned what he would say in response to this, so he’s a bit surprised when what comes out of his mouth is, “Why didn’t you tell me? When you told me everything else? It’s quite an essential piece of information.”
He has the presence of mind to turn his face into the pillow to muffle the moan he knows he won’t be able to keep in, and then his orgasm slams into him, its strength something Sherlock could never have expected. It starts deep inside of him where John is, but it explodes almost immediately to every fibre of his being, turning the world upside down. It’s the first time Sherlock has had an orgasm in the presence of another person, and it seems to last for ages – John keeps fucking into him, hard enough for the bedframe to rattle, his cock seeming twice as big as Sherlock’s muscles contract around  it. He barely notices that the last few thrusts bring John to his own climax as Sherlock gulps for air, helpless.
The wave of arousal that had been about to reach its peak only seconds before suddenly drained away, leaving Sherlock breathless as embarrassment flooded him instead. Oh god. What had he been doing? That had been just
Robert Davenport is someone Sherlock would be unlikely to find attractive if he passed him in the street. He’s in his early fifties, taller and heavier than Sherlock, with male-pattern baldness that he tries to compensate for with a well-maintained beard. When Sherlock first met him, it never even occurred to him that he could be attracted to him. But then there was affable way he accepted a stranger barging into his house and demanding to be taught about bees, his laughing acceptance of Sherlock’s deductions about his solitary life, his absolute lack of prying into Sherlock’s reasons for being there even though he was clearly curious, his obvious joy at having someone to explain the intricacies of apiology to, the gentle way he treated the bees, his neat and clear explanations, the shy glances he sneaked at Sherlock when he thought Sherlock wouldn’t notice. His broad smile and soft-spoken gentleness that seemed to contrast with his burly frame. As it turned out, he was evidently capable of becoming attracted to someone simply because they were
Sherlock doesn’t have to worry about that for long, though, because John steps back a little and his hands move from Sherlock’s back to his own belt buckle, clumsily trying to unfasten it.
He gives them his own present – a voucher for a couple’s massage, a last-minute purchase but one that they seem to appreciate nevertheless. Then it’s really time to say goodbye, a clumsy three-way hug and two last kisses, both rather filthy yet without any sexual intent. Then he slips the purple box in the pocket of his coat, and the door falls shut behind him. He’d like to see them again, he thinks as he walks to the main road to flag a cab. He doesn’t know if being friends with ex-lovers is a good idea, but he’d like it to be. It would be really nice, he thinks, to have friends who are a well-adjusted, loving gay couple. To remind him what he strives for, if nothing else.
He’s nervous when he gets to the club, but he’s confident enough in his acting abilities to know it doesn’t show on Scott Siegerson’s face. The club is loud and hot and uncomfortable, all flashing lights and pounding music (if ‘music’ is even an applicable term), but the actual… seduction, or whatever it is he’s doing, turns out not to be that difficult. He attracts attention despite the fact that the club seems to mostly cater to a younger crowd and Sherlock is definitely closer to the high end of the age bracket. He can feel eyes on him as he moves around and his heart beats hard and fast with a heady mixture of anxiety and excitement. He surveys the men from under his lashes, gauging his options. He’s attracted to self-confidence, he realises, men who unabashedly let their gaze trail over his body, men who aren’t afraid to approach him. It’s attractive but also somewhat intimidating, because this is really not his area of expertise and he’s not able to deduce with any certainty that they won’t be
“I’m here, my gorgeous darling. I shouldn’t have left you alone, not when you’re being so good. I’m sorry, I’ll never stop touching you now.”
John chuckles. “Are you saying it’s me who turned you into an insatiable beast? I’m flattered, I think.”  He thinks about Sherlock taking care of his sexual needs by himself, and has a sudden idea.
and nothing else, nothing that would make Sherlock’s stomach turn, and he didn’t hurt him in any way, and yet he managed to make himself the centre of Sherlock’s universe and give Sherlock a spectacular orgasm, and now he’s making Sherlock feel positively
John holds Sherlock’s head up with one hand and brings the bottle to his lips with the other. At first he seems barely able to swallow and water dribbles down his chin, but he revives gradually drinks greedily before collapsing back down on the pillow with a sigh. John takes a few quick gulps of his own and then lies back down, pulling Sherlock half on top of his chest, knowing Sherlock feels safest like this.
“Oh,” Molly exhales in surprise, but she hugs back without hesitation, pulling him close to her. Sherlock breathes in her citrusy shampoo and refuses to feel awkward. He can have this. Maybe he can’t have John, but he can have this. One day sooner or later he’ll feel ready go back to London and his work and his friends will be waiting for him. He has good things in his life, despite how bleak it’s looked lately.
His steps falter on the top of the stairs when he realises he hears music coming from the flat, something light and poppy that doesn’t sound like Sherlock’s taste at all. He knocks, feeling he’s lost any right he may have had to just barge in, but when he gets no reply he opens the door and follows the sound of the music to the kitchen, even though he’d rather never set his foot there as long as he lives.
“Good,” Sherlock says quickly and drops to his knees, already unfastening John’s trousers. John isn’t hard – of course he isn’t, how could palming Sherlock’s penis do anything but turn him off? – but that’s all right, Sherlock can get him there soon enough, and then he’ll do everything to give John the best orgasm of his life. He just needs to convince John that he doesn’t require anything for him and that John has absolutely nothing to feel bad about.
“God, I want you,” John murmurs against Sherlock’s mouth and then moves to suck at Sherlock’s pulse point, making Sherlock whimper, fingers dragging helplessly across John’s back.
“Why don’t you take a shower,” he whispers, running his thumb across Sherlock’s plump lower lip, “get yourself nice and clean, and then wait for me on the bed. I’ll show you exactly what I have in mind.”
“Yes, c’mon, Sherlock,” John urges him on, and Sherlock takes that as permission to disobey the previous order and takes hold of John’s instep to keep his foot impossibly closer, the contact more intense.
John steps closer and slowly, deliberately lifts his hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek. His fingers caress Sherlock’s skin with a touch so gentle that Sherlock has never dared even just dream of anything like it. He shudders, goosebumps rising on his skin as he leans his face into John’s hand.
Sherlock nods, steeling himself. His body most definitely wants to go back to rutting into tight heat despite his mind’s misgivings and Terry is clearly pretty much gagging for it. He can do this. He adds a bit more lube just for his own peace of mind, then lines up and presses in.
Trying to tether himself to something familiar, Sherlock lets his knees bend, ready to fall down on them and do what he knows, but John doesn’t let him. He cups Sherlock’s elbows, keeping him standing.
“Sherlock, love, tell me what’s wrong,” John pleaded, and when Sherlock finally managed to look at him his face was pinched in worry.
“Yes, my love,” John rasps and then his hand closes around both of their erections, squeezing them together stroking over both of them. Sherlock cries out and pumps his hips up, overcome with desire. “Let me see you come, you gorgeous, amazing, beautiful—” John pants but Sherlock doesn’t hear the rest of it as the pleasure building in his core spikes and spills and he cries out, his body spasming in exquisite release, hot spurts of come landing on his chest. He’s dimly aware of John rutting frantically against him, chanting Sherlock’s name like a prayer, and then he feels John’s cock twitch and jerk next to his and John groans as more wet heat spreads between their bodies.
“I’m an idiot,” John says in a strained voice, and buries his face in his hands. He looks so unhappy it makes something twist in Sherlock’s chest; he aches with the need to comfort John somehow, but he doesn’t know how, and he doesn’t know if he’s allowed. “I thought you… you were always so reserved, but I thought that was just—how you are, I was trying to accept it and I… oh my god, all this time I was upset because you didn’t want me to get you off, and you were… you were—“ He stops, taking a very shaky breath.
“You look good. I mean – not that you don’t usually – I just – I mean you look healthy. Better than the last time I saw you,” Molly stammers, blushing a little. She looks at him inquisitively, clearly willing him to tell her more about how he spent the last six weeks.
Jack makes him happy. He feels better – good enough that he starts texting John unprompted, like he used to do back in the day. He sends him a close-up photo of a dead man’s hand and texts,
“Oh, um.” Molly blushes harder, looking down at her hands. “Yes. Well, no. I made my move, actually.” She looks up at him, smiling shyly. “It’s only been two weeks, but. It’s good.”
“I know,” Sherlock says, because he does – the knowledge is rather overwhelming, but it’s crystal clear.
She encourages him to think about his own happiness, and Sherlock realises what a foreign concept it is for him. He
It’s like what he’s done on his own many times and at the same time completely different when Robert begins opening him up with gentle fingers. It’s wonderfully thrilling not to know exactly where Robert’s fingers are going to press next, how hard, how deep. Then Robert swallows him to the root and Sherlock loses himself in the sensations, and it’s only because he’s so keyed up that he doesn’t come just from that unexpectedly wonderful mix of stimuli.
“No men, then?” Sherlock presses, despite the twinge of fear in his gut. This is a dangerous topic, he knows, but he can’t help poking the wasps’ nest to see how John will react. They’d have to cross this bridge at some point, anyway, so it might as well be now. John looks up at him sharply and for a second Sherlock’s entire body freezes in anticipation of attack, but there’s no anger in John’s eyes. Just… sadness.
, he’d prefer to have his armour on, to present an immaculate front – to look less like a pathetic fool who still feels a spark of hope whenever John smiles at him. But he refuses to succumb to the urge. He’ll just behave normally and maybe, if he tries hard enough, everything will
“I’m going to fuck your mouth now, you perfect creature, ” John grunts, and Sherlock’s vision whitens with arousal as John’s hips start moving. He moans around John’s cock, and John’s thrusts turn harder, his cock sliding across Sherlock’s tongue and hard palate with force, but never going deeper than Sherlock had initially taken him. Sherlock’s body is aglow with bottomless devotion, he feels like there is warm honey flowing through his veins, dulling the intensity of his arousal so that he can focus on this, on the perfect slide of John’s cock in his mouth, on the noises John is making, on being nothing more than the source of John’s pleasure.
Robert looks at Sherlock for a long time. He doesn’t know about John, he doesn’t know what happened, he probably just thinks that this would be Sherlock’s first time, but he’ll be able to tell it’s very important to Sherlock. He holds Sherlock’s gaze and nods seriously. “Okay.”
He adds another packet of sugar to his coffee to buy himself some time. He could tell her. She’d be on his side, a supportive friend. He craves her kindness, her understanding. But then the image of John in Molly’s mind would be forever tainted. Her image of Sherlock and John’s relationship would be forever tainted. And while Molly isn’t stupid enough to think it’s perfect now, she could hardly have imagined the true depths to which it had sunk. To her, to everyone they know, they are still friends – friends going through a rough patch, maybe, but friends. Breaking that illusion in Molly’s mind feels unbearable – like a final nail in the coffin of the bond he and John once had. He can’t do that. Having people know would make it so much more true. Molly’s no gossip, of course, and she would keep it to herself if he asked her to, but he decided long ago that he’s done burdening Molly with his secrets. He wouldn’t ask her not to tell anyone, and so she would most probably tell Greg, and she wouldn’t hide her knowledge from John, and the reality of their broken relationship would exists outside of the two of them. No.
Is it possible? Could they ever reach a point where they would be able to touch each other affectionately? As friends, of course, only as friends – a simple pat on the shoulder would mean so much, a hug would be miraculous. Still, Sherlock’s treacherous brain doesn’t hesitate to supply images of John touching him in ways that are not platonic at all. It’s strange, because in the same way that he flinched from John’s touch earlier despite wanting it, his skin crawls now at the thought of John kissing him, stroking his bare skin, reaching between his legs, but at the same time it makes his breath hitch with need, he yearns for it, craves it.
“Yeah, like that, keep going,” John tells him, knowing Sherlock likes listening to him, and Sherlock immediately begins rubbing himself harder, hips canting forward. He looks absolutely
, they’d be closer than close and then John would fuck him, driving his thick cock in and in until he came, taking pleasure from Sherlock’s body, and then it would be over and Sherlock would not have failed.
Sherlock stays where he is as John comes down, stroking John’s thighs, utterly at a loss for what to do now.
“Okay?” John asks, bowing his head down to drop kisses all over Sherlock’s face. Sherlock nods once again, unable to speak – he knows John can’t be even halfway in, but it already feels… indescribable. It doesn’t hurt, not by any definition – John’s prepared him well and there’s plenty of lube – but he can still feel the stretch, the substantial girth of John’s penis spreading him open.
Never one to deny Sherlock anything, John begins fucking him with his fingers, and uses his other hand to hold Sherlock’s cock steady before he takes it into his mouth.
“I bet you drew it out sometimes, didn’t you? You were dying to touch your cock, but you didn’t, you drew it out until you were gagging for it, didn’t you? Just like now.”
He moved his hand over the half of John’s chest he wasn’t lying on top of, partly imitating the movements of John’s hand on his back.
By the afternoon it was beginning to look like he would work himself into a panic before they even started, so he had to act. He’d been vaguely hoping they could maybe do it in the dark so that at least he wouldn’t have to worry so much about what he looked like to John, but he couldn’t risk waiting any longer, and so when he was (pretending to be) reading on the sofa and John joined him for a bit of a cuddle, he used the opportunity.
Therapy is gruelling. It’s the single most emotionally exhausting thing he’s ever experienced. A lot of the time it makes him feel worse rather than better, but he keeps going. He’s not even sure why, probably out of a misguided sense of pride – so as not to come across as a coward who’s afraid of knowing himself.
“I’m sorry,” he said, looking down. “It wasn’t entirely on purpose.” He was naked and he could feel lube between his buttocks. He shivered in shame.
“Don’t be stupid. We’ve been watching you standing here for five minutes. Come in.” He opens the door wider and steps aside.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but complies and makes two mugs of peppermint tea (which he only has because John drinks it, anyway). He carries them to the living room and is surprised to find John sitting on the sofa rather than in his chair. He’s taken off his shoes, and the sight of his socked feet on the carpet makes Sherlock feel unexpectedly nostalgic.
“Are you all right?” he asks, looking Sherlock over. He’s in his blue dressing gown and his hair is slightly damp, fluffing and frizzing as it dries. There doesn’t seem to be anything physically wrong with him.
He thinks about going to the window, but he succumbs to exhaustion and despair before he can muster enough energy to move.
“I’m ready, Sherlock,” John prompts him, when it starts to look like Sherlock could probably get off simply on fingering John. “How do you want me?”
“A few times, but only briefly. He – I still get to see Rosie, you know. I think John didn’t want to cut her from people she’s used to, but it’s never him who brings her, always Harry, and she never tells me anything about him. Just that he ‘needs time’, which could mean anything.” She looks faintly apologetic, as if John’s secretiveness was somehow her fault.
him. He wants to rut against Sherlock’s thigh right here just so that he can see Sherlock lose control and come in his pants, he wants to bury his fingers in those rich curls as he thrusts inside that maddening, plush mouth, he wants to bend Sherlock over the kitchen table and fuck him until he screams John’s name, wants Sherlock to stretch and fill him and make him see stars with perfect, precise strokes, he wants all of that at once and more, but more than that, he wants to see Sherlock undone. He wants to give him more pleasure than Sherlock had imagined possible, show him just how much John wants him and loves him and adores him.
“This is the best morning of my life,” John murmurs as he kisses Sherlock’s ear, sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
“John,” he exhales, clutching at John’s arms. This is a dream, it has to be, because it makes no sense for John to lie but it also makes no sense for what he says to be the truth. It doesn’t matter, though: Sherlock will take the dream while it lasts.
He’d noticed it that very first night at Angelo’s, actually – John looking at him in the candlelight, licking his lips. “
He misses him. It’s not a new feeling: he missed him in London too, even when he saw him regularly. He missed their old connection, the comfortable silences, the ease of their companionship. Will they ever be able to have that again, or something approaching it at least after all that has happened? The question weighs on him on sleepless nights, sneaks up on him on quiet moments during the day, and the answer remains elusive.
“Don’t go,” Sherlock croaks and with what seems like superhuman effort, he pulls one arm and leg over John’s body, holding him close.
“Robert, I’m so sorry. I never meant… I’m sorry.” There’s no way he can possibly apologise for this. He should get dressed and leave and never have sex with anyone ever again. Why on earth did he think that he could?
He will be. He feels better already – perhaps it was good to let it all out, both in the sense of telling John how he feels and letting himself cry about it afterwards. John isn’t shunning him – he’ll be fine. It hurts, of course, to know he’ll never know a loving embrace or share his home with a partner – and that he has forfeited all chances of even just a brief, friendly hug from John, since he’s unlikely to want to touch Sherlock at all and Sherlock won’t dare to initiate now, and it’s now more improbable than before that John would ever move back, even just temporarily. It hurts, but the pain will dull with time like it had before – it’s only the thing with Darian that made it flare up again. He only needs some time and to rearrange things in his mind palace, and he’ll be able to live with it comfortably. Or as comfortably as possible.  As long as John remains his friend and is happy again – that’s all he can ask for.
John frowns, confused. What does that even mean? The first idea that occurs to him is that maybe Sherlock was unable to perform, but that doesn’t make sense, as Sherlock has clearly indicated sex had taken place. Bad sex, then? Bad enough to make Sherlock never want to try again?
“A colleague at the surgery got them for his wife, but she broke her leg so she can’t go, and he says she’s the only one who could ever make him voluntarily sit through ‘three hours of prancing’, so he was looking to sell them.”
Sherlock wraps his fingers around John – and, god, just that simple thing sends a shiver through him. To be touching John so intimately, to have John trust him with such a delicate part of himself… although, admittedly, it doesn’t feel particularly delicate at the moment, hot and hard in Sherlock’s hand, flushed with arousal and, well… really quite big. Sherlock’s breath catches at the thought of having that amazing specimen in his mouth, or even sinking deep inside him, and if he hadn’t just had two fairly spectacular orgasms he’d be well on his way to one just from the thought alone.
Sherlock nods understanding entirely, sobering instantly from their playful mood to something a bit more concrete and serious. “Yes I do and I agree.” He lifts John’s hand and kisses his knuckles lightly.
He silently cursed himself and his weak body for not cooperating, trying to push himself back up only resulting in hitting the floor again. He was useless.
He didn’t recall what had transpired to get him to this point but for a moment he wondered if he had died. Enveloped in some sort of afterlife he never believed in, if it were that he was dead he certainly didn’t belong in an afterlife of any sort. Curious now to what had become him, he attempted to open his eyes although when he did nothing greeted him but more white.
"Friend of mine, well I say friend.." Sherlock says at the unasked question then continues to clean things a bit. John hums in acknowledgment as he ventures into the kitchen. It's full of messy science equipment and John can't help but be the slightest bit impressed.
“Yoo hoo.” Mrs Hudson said as she made her way into his room picking up stray items as she goes. He was a natural mess maker to some kind of fault he just seemed to throw things around, his father was the complete opposite always keeping things in order it was probably one of the reasons they never got along well. “How are you doing today dear?”
“So you think, but I don’t believe this is over. As little as I know about John Watson from my brief conversation with him told me that he is not planning on leaving.” Mycroft watched as Sherlock processed the information, watched the relief crash over him and knock down his defenses. “I will stay, I realize I cannot have others help you. I need to do it, like I have in the past. This time you do have more help.”
“Absolutely not.” Sherlock glared making his point clear. “If your really all that concerned about him then stay.”
Sherlocks throat closed up as he pressed a kiss to John's head, silently vowing to put an end to all this as soon as possible and making Moriarty pay for what he had done to them. What he had done to John and put him through after all this time. “I love you too…”
"John." Sherlock beckoned him over and the officers around him looked at him like a piece of meat given up to the beast to spare them. In a way he was.
“I love you,” John says, firm and sure, and Sherlock’s heart may actually stop beating for a moment.
But John evidently didn’t think so: his pupils dilated and nostrils flared in obvious arousal, and seeing John’s desire for him made something warm tingle in Sherlock’s stomach.
“I can assure you I haven’t taken anything you might object to,” Sherlock snaps and stands up brusquely. He hasn’t noticed his dressing down had nearly come undone in his sleep, and he panics a little as it threatens to unveil his nudity, but he manages to tie it again just in time. (Not that John would care. Seeing Sherlock naked would do exactly nothing for him.) Not looking at John, Sherlock stalks to the bathroom before John can say anything about the fact that the only reason he’s come is the fact that Sherlock is an irresponsible drug addict.
“I mean just to sleep,” John explained gently, clearly sensing Sherlock’s sudden nervousness. “It’s late, and there’s no rush.”
), he assumed things could be naturally steered towards handjobs or blowjobs, he’s not prepared for this kind of directness.
“Come here,” John mumbles, pulling Sherlock towards him. “That was amazing, you did so well. I think you deserve to come now, too, don’t you?”
Molly texts him the day after John’s visit, excited that they’re about to babysit together. They arrange to meet before the entrance to the London Zoo and Sherlock arrives a bit late just to be sure that he’ll avoid whoever brings Rosie. He doesn’t think it would be John, but he’d rather not risk it.
in him won’t wake up again, and at the most inopportune moment? He’s never had any trouble being gentle to women, but all of his fantasies about sex with men (which haven’t been as few and far between as he’d like them to be) have always bordered on violent.
“What does it look like? I can cook. What did you think, that I survive on take away and whatever Mrs Hudson brings?”
him? Sam, whom Sherlock appreciates for being a caring person and an attentive lover, but whom he otherwise sees as gym rat with more muscles than brains? He’s suddenly ashamed of himself.
His back arches as his body is hit with the tidal wave of orgasm, and a low, drawn-out guttural groan escapes his lips before he finally relaxes.
As Sherlock looked at his bed, carefully made with fresh sheets in preparation for tonight’s activities, at the tubes and bottles of various kinds of lubricant and different condom types he’d laid out on the bedside table, he felt his resolution waver. Could he really go through with it? He wanted to, desperately, he wanted to give himself over to John so there could be no doubt in John’s mind that Sherlock was his, but the idea that
Sherlock is in love with him and he planned John’s wedding. Wrote a wedding waltz. Forgave John’s wife without hesitation for very nearly killing him. He killed a man and was ready to go to a suicide mission to keep John’s family safe. He probably did more for John’s marriage than John did. He put himself in the hands of a serial killer in order to help John. He asked if John and Rosie wanted to move to Baker Street and offered to move all his experiments and if necessary even his bedroom to 221C, effectively giving his flat up to John (John declined the offer and didn’t examine his reasons why too closely).
“I would love to show you around,” he says, and the touch of his fingers changes subtly. Still professional, but with a hint of a caress now, and Sherlock has to stop himself from sighing audibly. This is the kindest touch he’s experienced in… he doesn’t even know how long. And he never
Working at the rescue centre isn’t always easy or fun or glamorous. Sometimes it’s cleaning kennels and wiping away cat puke and lugging bags of food. Sometimes it’s seeing animals who have been so mistreated by their owners that they have to be put down. But it’s worth it for the time he gets to spend with the animals, for being able to contribute a little bit to making their lives better. If Sherlock has learned anything in the last weeks and months, it’s to appreciate the kindness of strangers, and he’s benefited so much from people being kind to him even though they didn’t know him and didn’t have to be. He wants to give some of that kindness back to the world (he’s always wanted to do that, really, but never knew how to fully embrace it, always felt he had to hide it – he can recognise that now), and he finds that animals are just as worthy objects as people, if not worthier. Perhaps when he returns to London, he could find a similar volunteering position somewhere – and perhaps he could take one of the animals home with him. A dog, he thinks. He’s always loved dogs.
Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror, trying to calm his nerves. He was almost forty, for god’s sake, he thought impatiently, but of course, that was part of the problem: he was almost forty and he was about to have the first sexual experience of his life.
“Fuck!” John groans as Sherlock’s lips wrap around the tip of his cock, his hips jerking. Sherlock has no experience to draw on, but it isn’t difficult to follow the cues of John’s body, to find out what John likes, how hard to suck, where to press his tongue. John’s cock is thick and heavy in Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock’s world narrows down just to the feeling of it sliding between his lips, just to the overpowering need to give John what he wants.
As his mouth watered at the thought of kissing John, he suddenly became aware of a blatant flaw in his plan: he needed to brush his teeth first. He couldn’t possibly kiss John with his stale mouth. John had said that things Sherlock found embarrassing were probably hot to him, but surely he couldn’t have meant morning breath. Could he? No. And in any case, the thought of John’s nose crinkling at the smell of Sherlock’s breath was enough to make his erection wane rapidly.
of issues to work through but I’m getting better, I think. I don’t want to be that person anymore. I don’t think you really want to have anything to do with me anymore but I want you to know that I
“John,” Sherlock moans softly and then throws his head back when he finally finds the right angle and begins rocking with more purpose. “
John keeps shaking Sherlock’s body as he shouts, his face inches from Sherlock’s, and Sherlock lets him. John’s words hurt worse than anything physical John could inflict on him, but John’s right. What right does Sherlock have to profess his love for John after what he did to him? He deserves John’s anger, his disgust, his hatred. That’s all he’s ever deserved. He lets his body go lax, waiting for the first punch to land. A broken nose is inevitable, he thinks. A split lip, a fractured rib, perhaps. It doesn’t matter.
impossible, it’s not unachievable. Renewing his friendship with John is a gamble too, but they’re both trying to make it work. If they put the same amount of effort into turning the friendship into something more, why couldn’t they succeed? John is no longer in denial about his sexuality, and Sherlock no longer believes himself worthless.They would have to work for it, and take things slowly, and be more careful than what is natural for either of them, and talk and talk and talk, to each other and to their respective therapists, maybe even see a therapist together… but they could do it. They could be happy, together.
“You just admitted you got some things wrong. Maybe this is one of them,” Sherlock says through his teeth.
“Sorry,” Sam says again, “once we figured out who you were, we obviously had to look you up, and we found all kinds of articles, and your website, and Dr Watson’s blog and… yeah.”
He lets things develop naturally. He gets closer to Rosie, the conversations with John grow longer and less stilted. He continues to see Ella regularly and he thinks it helps him feel a bit more grounded. He solves a few cases. He eventually decides to take Sam and Patrick up on their offer and spends another night with them, and then another, and another. He’s intrigued by their dynamic and since it’s clear he can’t have anything like that himself now (or perhaps ever, but he prefers not to think about that), observing their relationship seems like the next best thing. He still doesn’t really understand why they like having a third person there – he’s certain he wouldn’t want to share in their position – but he’s glad that they do. Seeing their love and trust for each other up close somehow makes Sherlock feel better about the world, gives him hope for he’s not sure what. They never get quite as rough with each other as they did the first night (Sherlock thinks he probably made them a bit uncomfortable with his questions) but there are still clear traces of that dynamic of their interaction – the way Sam sometimes manhandles Patrick who turns into putty in his hands, the way Patrick scrambles to obey when Sam tells him to do something in a particular tone of voice, the way everything Sam does seems to be driven by the need to make sure Patrick’s enjoying himself. Sherlock wonders what they’re like when they’re alone together and yearns to have something like that for himself one day.
