Floating in post-orgasmic bliss and euphoria, Castiel collapsed on top of Dean, careful not to pull out of the green-eyed just yet, and carefully rested his chest on Dean’s, feeling it move with every breath and his heart pounding underneath. While Cas started peppering Dean’s face with sloppy but affectionate kisses, – which was a trait he had developed over the time he’d been a Dom – the blonde went completely slack and didn’t move at all. It worried him at first but when he looked at Dean, Castiel realized he was just thoroughly blissed-out and it was heartwarming to watch him roll his eyes lazily while trying to keep them open and focus on something, anything. There was a content, tiny smile tugging at his lips and he looked so stunning, Castiel didn’t want to let him go ever again.
He woke with a muffled groan since his face was pressed into the pillow, clenching his cheeks to probably try to stop the flow.
The only problem had just been that they had to turn the volume down to almost mute and therefore sat right in front of it to be able to hear what they were saying and after that, they had the worst headaches and their eyes were dry. Additionally, they hadn’t been able to watch it till the end because the neighbors’ cat had attacked Dean all of a sudden and it had made those aggressive noises while Dean went into a sneezing fit. They had left everything behind as they heard someone coming down the stairs, sprinting across their yard and hiding in their house right before they broke into laughter.
There was a short pause but Dean could feel Cas’ body heat above him and the mattress was still dipped where he sat, and when nothing happened, he thought that they were going back to keeping him guessing until his cock was suddenly enveloped in hot wetness as Castiel started sucking him hard, and more pre-cum dripped down his length that Cas was fast to gather with his tongue. He kept hollowing his cheeks, bobbing his head while sliding and pressing his tongue against his shaft, and Dean clenched his hands so hard to keep from thrusting his hips and moaning, that his nails nearly broke the skin. When he was about to come down Cas’ throat, though, the Dom retracted and left Dean spinning with pleasure and extremely frustrated at having been deprived of his orgasm like that.
“Wow,” Dean breathed out quietly, his eyes focused on the tattoo, “it’s… wow, it’s beautiful. And green.” He lifted his head and their gazes locked onto each other’s, staying like that for a moment until Dean whispered, “Thought you’d only do black tats… why? Not that it’s not beau–”
“Aw, is little Sammy afraid that his big brother Dean could embarrass him?” Dean teased, smirking and cocking a brow at him.
“He wasn’t wrong. I thought it would be a simple dinner for us both, I hope that’s alright?” Grabbing the sheet with a towel to keep his hand from getting burned, Castiel carefully turned around and put it onto the pot coasters on the table.
With glazed and lust-blown eyes, Jimmy watched as the hand disappeared between his boyfriend’s legs and a moment later, Dean’s jaw dropped open in a silent moan and his dick gave a twitch in his pants at the sight, already fully hard. And as much as Jimmy wanted to see Dean’s beautiful face and how his cock filled with blood at the stimulation he was giving himself, he wanted even more to see what his fingers did. So he placed his hands on each of Dean’s thighs and curled his fingers around them, meeting those green eyes and whispering, “Turn around.”
Chuckling, Jimmy hurried to take off his shoes and socks as well, and once he did, he stepped into the water behind Dean and wrapped his arms around his middle, resting his chin on the blonde’s shoulder. “It’s fucking freezing.”
Jimmy watched as Dean tried to avert his gaze to escape Cas’ intense stare but there was no chance with the way Castiel was angling Dean’s face, his words slow and rough as he repeated, “Why would you, Dean?”
“I’m fine,” was all they got as an answer and Cas saw Jimmy shrug his shoulders, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips.
“Isn’t it also hard?” Sam chimed in, directing a cautious look at the twins before adding, “Growing up with a twin? I mean, it’s already hard as a younger brother to be as cool and open as your big brother…” at which Dean turned questioning eyes at him, frowning.
Castiel smiled as their Sub visibly struggled to keep from making a sound while he squeezed lube into his beautiful hole. He reached out for the ice-cold glass dildo that Jimmy had prepared while he had used the crop on Dean and took a moment to stare at the piece.
To come to the idea that a man like Dean, who came in with two other men that were obviously his dates, would even want to consider hooking up with this guy was ridiculous. And of course, Cas knew that he didn’t want to be sexually harassed every time he left their place. He also didn’t want to make out with assholes like that, not in his past, not now.
Then his boyfriends had joined the conversation before picking out a few toys together, and Dean had left the shop with a bit more knowledge than before and a new friend – besides a few dozen new toys.
Once he was slick enough, he grasped Dean’s hips and flipped him onto his stomach ass-up, pushing into him with ease and bottoming out before stilling and taking in the sight underneath him. He knew Jimmy was staring at Dean with lustrous eyes because his gaze was weighted and Castiel understood perfectly why. The blonde’s body was a temple of desires and he was the embodiment of strength and lust, radiating joy and passion, and for a long moment, Cas didn’t move. He was lost in the sight – the dip of his lover’s spine, the alluring curve of his butt and the dimples of his back – his hand distractedly pressed against the skin of his back, tracing down the knobs of his arched spine with a thumb, palming the muscle down to Dean’s hips to pull him closer and reveling in his responses. He squirmed and shuddered at the touch and Castiel found it fascinating that he could still feel warmth spreading through his chest at the fact that his boyfriend was ticklish, even though he had discovered that months ago.
As soon as they had settled, they fell into an easy conversation about the dishes the restaurant was serving, then went on to argue about whether or not mayo made everything taste better after ranking popular dipping sauces before Gabriel flat out interrupted and said, “New topic: Avocados – the most overrated vegetable of all time?” This steered the conversation into a whole new direction and started a truly serious discussion, which ended with Castiel’s explanation that ‘avocados are, in fact, no vegetable but considered a single-seeded berry,’ bringing everyone at the table to laugh. Jimmy watched Dean cast a soft and loving glance at Cas as he chuckled slightly, his eyes filled with adoration, and it made him feel all warm inside. Especially when those eyes met his own right before the waiter interrupted them by starting to take their orders.
sounded through the room and suddenly, there was a red stage light illuminating a spot on the stage and a man started walking up to it, coming to stop next to the red circle. He held something long and dark in his hands, matching the darkness of his suit. Jimmy wasn’t able to get a look at his face, but the man was tall and strong, and when he tapped the floor by his feet where the spot was marked by the light with the device he was holding, Jimmy recognized it as a whip.
Again, Castiel had to calm himself down in order to keep his voice from trembling. “Please, tell me you safeword out of those situations?”
Sliding a finger through the sticky mess covering his stomach, Dean openly stared at Jimmy’s spent cock resting on Dean’s lower belly, wet around the tip and still a bit plump, and his smile widened. He was so beautiful, that Jimmy had no other choice but to lean down and taste it, kissing Dean’s lips with all the passion burning in his veins, then placing open-mouthed kisses along the edge of his jaw once they had to break apart for oxygen.
“It’s for both of you,” Dean informed, gazing at Jimmy before he framed the side of Castiel’s face with his right hand, his thumb stroking across his cheek. He wanted to do this right because he really meant it, so he said, “I wanted to show you how grateful I am for this; for you.” His voice was soft and loving, and Cas let his eyes slide closed when Dean lowered his head a bit and leaned forward to drag his mouth over the exposed skin of Castiel's neck, moving up to his boyfriend’s jawline before bringing their lips together in a slow kiss.
He was on his hands and knees, propped up on one arm as the other reached back to thrust the rubber into his ass again and again. His hair was damp with sweat and he was leaking so much pre-cum with all the stimulation, that there was a pool of it gathering on the liquid-proof cover underneath him. Dean was pretty sure his entire body was flushed dark red and his panting and the moans he let slip got louder with each passing minute as he brought himself closer to the edge.
He was ripped out of his reverie as one of the twins wrapped their arms around his middle, pulled them back against their body, and buried their face in the crook of his neck, taking a deep breath. When that someone spoke, Dean realized it was Jimmy and he placed his hands above his, relaxing into the embrace slightly while listening to that husky voice saying, “When you told me that you’ve never seen the ocean before, the first thing I had in mind was this room. I’ve been here about five months ago with some friends and I knew I needed Gabe to agree to this. I wasn’t sure if it would be too much but now that I’m seeing your expression, I know this was the right decision.”
“Well, I’m sorry to disappoint you but there’s nothing you can do about it,” Dean’s voice got rougher but louder and he took hold of the door again at the same time as he pressed his palm against Michael’s chest and pushed him back outside, “And now– leave.”
He had to think about that for a moment since no one had ever asked him this before but he found his answer pretty quickly and turned to meet his twin’s eyes. “Do you remember that girl that used to live next door? What was her name…?”
Jimmy merely smiled at that and looked back at Castiel, so he answered, “Yes, I am sure. The goal is to increase as much sensitivity and enhance every touch. And the best way to do that is to use sensory modification and sensory deprivation in conjunction with one another for an almost explosive intensity. Taking away his sight with a blindfold will therefore heighten all other senses.”
Then Jimmy grabbed both of Dean’s legs and spread them wide, saying, “I need to test something first, tell me if it hurts, please,” before pressing them forward and against the mattress, slowly as to not pull one of Dean’s muscles. He ended up guiding Dean into a position where his knees touched the mattress next to his chest with his feet behind his head and arms wrapped around the insides of his knees to keep them in place. He felt stretched and completely bared like this and also like his muscles would just snap any moment, but then Jimmy looked down on him with this twinkle in his eyes that he always had whenever Dean showed his flexibility, and he looked so darn happy and excited, and when he asked, “Do you think you could stay in this position for me?” all breathless and gentle, Dean couldn’t do anything else but nod, even though he didn’t think he was
Not long after the first digit followed the second one and Dean hummed as Jimmy spread and scissored them inside his velvety channel until a third, then a fourth finger slipped in without resistance. Castiel admired Jimmy’s gentleness with which he prepared Dean. His motions were slow and careful and his eyes sincere as he speared Dean on his fingers, easing them inside and pulling them back out, alternating between those two actions to open Dean up for him. It didn’t take long after that until Jimmy tenderly pulled out his fingers and used the residue of oil on his cock as lube.
He practically cornered Jimmy in the kitchen and asked if he was truly okay, and only one look at his sympathetic and understanding eyes made Jimmy spill the truth, telling him about his dream and saying that he still felt like he needed to do something about last night.
After the firework, they had all taken a walk along the beach together and once they came back to their campfire, Dean had been so tired that he had thrown himself down onto one of the blankets and sprawled out across it. Jessica had decided that the space left on the blanket was enough for her and sat down next to Dean, grabbing two more blankets to wrap herself in one and use the other to cover Dean with. Jimmy, Sam, and Cas had taken the other blanket and were now talking quietly about everything and nothing at all. It was great to get to know Sam like this and have a conversation as open and relaxed as that.
And just like that, they grabbed their mugs, gathered the blanket, and went back inside. The three of them were cooled down from the breeze outside and when Jimmy touched their boyfriend to tug him in and kiss him again, he felt just how chilly his skin was. So they made him take on sweats and a cozy shirt and pulled on some pants themselves, then went downstairs and turned on the TV for some background noise while they shared the space in the kitchen and prepared a healthy and balanced breakfast, as Cas called it.
He listened to the sound of Dean’s calmed breathing, not sure when they came that close to each other. Even if the question hurt to ask, Castiel had to know. “When do you leave again?”
He pulled Dean’s legs close to his chest so that he was almost folding him in half and positioned himself over his submissive, resting on his hands and stretching out his legs. Their position was almost like the missionary one but Cas loved bending Dean however he pleased, so he grabbed his boyfriend’s leg to carefully place it on his shoulder, repeating that with the other side and sliding in further. Dean was now truly folded in half with his claves resting easily on his shoulders on either side of his neck, arms still spread and hands tied to the anchor points. His face was turned towards Castiel’s, which was hovering only inches above his, and he wished he could see those eyes and get lost in them the way he always did.
“You had your tricks, I had mine, jerk,” Sam countered and made his brother laugh out loud once more.
Sighing, Cas tried to calm down and kept his voice as gentle and calm as possible, saying, “That’s what worries me, Dean. You think we can’t hurt you. You’re so sure about that, that you don’t even think you have to use it with us, but it can always happen, Dean. It doesn’t matter if we know each other for months or decades, if we love each other and know every crook and nanny of each other’s bodies. It can be a bad day for you or for me, you could be tired or I could make a mistake and that’s what could inevitably lead you to feel off or hurt you and that’s when you have to use your safeword. I know that it doesn’t change the way we love each other, it doesn’t change the fact that I’d want to continue having scenes with you and it doesn’t make you a bad submissive, Dean. I just want you to understand.”
The blonde had to catch his breath before he was able to meet his gaze and answer, “Yeah, I…” He blinked a few times and averted his eyes, suddenly ashamed now. Castiel straightened and took a step back from him, still breathing heavily. “I’m sorry. I-I can’t.”
“It’s just, you know, an agreement. I don’t drink if I don’t have their permission, like other people in relationships agree to not smoke or anything. I’m totally fine with that and I had my drinks last night.”
When they parted again, Dean’s expression was still awe-struck and his gaze was intense as he mused, “You guys are unbelievable.” Then, he leaned in and kissed Castiel sweetly, moving his lips against Cas’ in a passionate and slow way that had his ears warming.
When they snuggled up together, cuddling and pressing their bodies as close to each other as possible, they just looked into their eyes, breathing slowly and reveling in their closeness. The silence was a nice one, and Jimmy used it to sort his thoughts until Dean licked his lips, reminding him that his cock had been between them earlier, before smacking them loudly and saying, “So I had my appetizer, what’s for dinner?”
“I have,” Jimmy croaked out, stepping closer to them, and Dean chuckled, happy to see he had such an effect on his boyfriends.
Breaking out in a fat smile, he said, “Nothing. It’s just – I think it’s great that you want to see if it’s something you’d like as well, that makes me happy. But are you serious? Do you really mean it? Because if you do, it’d be fucking great. You could be like Cas’ apprentice… or something like that…” Dean bit his lip again, this time as he grinned widely and leaned in to nip Jimmy’s earlobe playfully. “You sure you don’t only want to see me bent over with my ass red?” he whispered teasingly.
Shaking his head, the blonde assured, “No. I wanted to try this for years but I never trusted anyone enough to do that with me. But I trust you, Cas. And I trust Jimmy. I don’t feel like I have to like it because you do, that’s not it.”
Nodding once, Cas asked, “Do you want to continue as planned after your break, or do you think this is too much?”
Jimmy pressed his lips down on that smile to taste it and asked, “Why’d you do it, though? I mean, not that it wasn’t the best surprise in the world… I was just wondering,” as soon as they parted again.
“All grown up now, huh?” Benny stepped forward and smiled at them brightly, making a ‘come hither’ motion with his hands and starting to laugh when Dean groaned quietly but stepped into his embrace nonetheless. “Happy birthday, cher. You look sharp tonight.”
It didn’t take long for Jimmy to fall asleep and as much as Cas wanted to succumb into slumber, too, his thoughts and his worries didn’t allow him to close his eyes for just a second. He felt so bad and sick, and he wanted to shake Dean and wake him up, talk to him and assure himself that the man was fine, but he couldn’t, which made him feel even worse and it was also the reason why he spent the night going through everything that happened without being able to close his eyes or sleep at all.
The blonde was out like a light within minutes and they let him sleep like that while they talked about how much they enjoyed this scene – Jimmy had come when Dean had blacked out – and how much they loved Dean until the dried cum on their skins started to get itchy and gross and they decided to move this into the bathtub. So Castiel got out of the bed to fill the tub with warm water, added some body wash to it, and walked back into the bedroom to watch as Jimmy tenderly lifted Dean up in his arms to carry him into the bathroom bridal style so as not to disturb the doze the blonde had fallen into.
“Every word. Especially the ‘reckless idiot’ part, but also the one where I said that I care a great deal about you.” Dean looks up at him with hopeful eyes. “You’re my family, Dean. I’ve never had a friend in my life… I’m so glad to have you. And you mean so much to me.”
Dean nodded and smiled, continuing to chew on his eggs and expecting Cas to go on, which didn’t happen. So he swallowed down his food and took a sip of his juice, then cleared his throat and raised his eyebrows, asking, “You gonna just let it hang there like that?”
“Dean,” he rasped, placing his hand on the side of Dean’s face to cup his cheek, thumb stroking reassuringly across his skin, and made sure that the blonde met his gaze before continuing, “You never have to be ashamed to tell us that you feel uncomfortable with something. We want to make you feel good with those things, so if it should ever have the opposite effect on you, then please let us know.”
“Okay, got it. And thanks again, Sam. We’ll remind him to give you a call tonight,” Jimmy said, handing the address to the driver who took it with a smile and started driving immediately, to Cas’ relief. “Yeah, bye.”
“Me neither,” Castiel whispered, staring back down at Dean and praying that it would never be that way. “Me neither…”
Nodding lazily, Dean mumbled, “Yeah. I mean, it’s some kinky stuff, but thinking about it turns me on a bit, so I guess I’d really like that, yeah.”
of life, and put yourselves into precarious positions for me to make this work. Hell, who the fuck makes twins agree to a polyamorous relationship anyway? You overcame your possessiveness and hate for sharing your partner for me, Cas. You had to change so many things in your life to make this work and you, Jimmy, changed your freaking way to live. I mean, you’re in a BDSM relationship and learning to be a Dom just so
He didn’t even have enough time to think about what Dean had just said because, as soon as those words had been spoken, a
“Here’s what you’re going to do, Dean: you will hold the reins over speed and force because you’re going to be the one to move, but you’ll only squat up and down to allow Jimmy to penetrate you when you feel me touching you, do you understand?”
After adjusting to the new position, which he had chosen to achieve a very deep penetration, Jimmy brought his hand to Dean’s entrance and circled one index finger around it, inching closer to his rim with every round. Then he circled and gently massaged the tight ring of muscles with his oily digit and allowed it to open up for him naturally. It took some coaxing and a bit more pressure while rubbing it for Dean’s rim to finally give way to Jimmy’s finger, but when it did, it slipped in easily. Dean was more than accustomed to this part and his smile was relaxed as Jimmy tapped and stroked his inner walls to make room for another finger and simultaneously open Dean up for him.
Even with work going on and their lives back to normal, they managed to have video calls at least three times a week after they had dinner, sometimes Jimmy would come over to Cas or the other way around and it was always a pleasure to see Dean and hear his voice, no matter if it was through the internet.
Dean sat up straight at that and leaned forward to put his hands on Jimmy’s knees reassuringly, making sure to meet his gaze. “That’s okay, Jimmy. Don’t worry. We can show you, though, if you wanna…?”
There was a lazy and easy smile on Dean’s face as he crawled into bed between them, sliding underneath the cover with his legs and bending down to kiss Jimmy gently, whispering, “You sleep well, sugar.”
He didn’t deserve their care either. They spent way too much time worrying about him and Dean hated himself for that. He was such a liability…
“Well, I’m glad you two enjoy my little performance anxiety, in whatever way you might…” Dean mused, waving a finger at them. “But don’t forget that there’re like four eyes staring at me, which doesn’t really help my shy bladder.”
They were licking inside their mouths when Cas’ moves began to falter and he knew he wasn’t going to last any longer. Changing his angle the next few times he thrust inside, he made sure to nail Dean’s prostate with every push into him and listened to the punched-out sounds and moans coming from the blonde. Several thrusts later, Cas’ arms and thighs began to tremble and with the next push into his boyfriend, he stilled and came deep inside Dean, sighing and breathing out Dean’s name. Not thirty seconds after that, he felt the channel around him tighten impossibly before it started spasming and Dean orgasmed with a curse on his lips while his ass milked Castiel of everything he had to give, pulsing around him in a gradually slowing rhythm until it stopped and Cas fell back on top of his lover, panting into his neck and trying to come down from the high of his own release. Usually, he would have kept thrusting into Dean to roll out his orgasm but they were both still lazy and had tired muscles from sleep so he let it be.
After that, he finally retracted the device from Dean’s body and gazed down at his heaving form, admiring the sheen of sweat covering his freckled back. Before he left the position behind him, Castiel bent down and placed a kiss on top of Dean’s sacrum, whispering, “So good,” before withdrawing and placing the riding crop down on the mattress, stroking his hands down the arch of Dean’s back reassuringly. He looked at Jimmy and told him to turn off the vibrator – which he did, putting it down next to the crop. Then, Castiel reached forward with his hand and carefully pulled out the hook, pushing Dean’s hips further up into the air to make it easier, and let it fall back against the beam. He would take care of that later because right now, he had a submissive to take care of, and he made quick work of undoing the knots around his wrists and legs, untying the silk rope and tracing the marks they left behind with his finger in sheer admiration. Dean stayed in his position even now that the rope was gone and Cas felt warm with fondness.
The blonde took a moment to answer and lifted his head after a while, looking at Jimmy and mumbling, “No, Cas’ care after the scene’d really done its job. Now, all I feel, if at all, is a dull ache but no stinging or soreness,” which seemed to reassure Jimmy enough that he nodded and continued to work on Dean’s arms and hands.
Dean hummed and groaned softly as Cas dug his fingers deeper into his skin while getting lower and lower with his hands until he started massaging his asscheeks. A wide smile spread across Castiel’s features when a particularly loud moan chimed through the room as he kneaded along Dean’s gluteal folds, where the rope had dug into almost as much as it had into the meat of his hips, and he leaned above his boyfriend’s splayed-out body to whisper, “Enjoying yourself, darling?”
Standing up, Dean let out a frustrated sigh, Castiel’s hands dropping from his hips and falling to the mattress with a
He saw Dean’s eyes flick down to his crotch and Castiel realized that his hard cock was pressing into his thigh, though before he could retract and apologize, Dean said, “Please… inside.”
He shoved his tongue into Dean, running it along his teeth and every crevice of his mouth to show him exactly who he belonged to and who had the honor to dominate him like that on a daily basis. The hand wrapped around Dean’s penis slowly loosened its grip and Cas slipped his arm around Dean’s waist, his hand now pressing into the dip of his back to push him against his own body more firmly. But then the blonde was suddenly yanked to the side by his wrist as Jimmy crushed his lips against Dean’s to make sure their boyfriend understood that he was just as much his partner as Castiel was, and Cas had to admit that this was something entirely new.
“Sometimes, people just run out of things to talk about and you end up having uncomfortable small talk.”
Smiling earnestly, Dean nodded and assured, “Yes… maybe it could be part of a scene, you know? In the future. I’d like that.”
“Uhm, it’s just something small, you know. I want it to go on my chest. Like on one pec.” Dean was self-conscious all of a sudden once more and rubbed the back of his neck nervously, not meeting Jimmy's eyes. He didn’t know why he did it, maybe he wanted to know if it would be a bad idea or he wanted to have approval, but it tugged at Jimmy’s heart and that was something he had never felt before.
Watching his hand stroke Dean’s side and the way it raised goosebumps on his skin, Jimmy suggested, “How about a scene?”
His mind made up, Dean pushed his ass out and pressed it against Castiel’s crotch where his pants were tenting, making his intentions clear but groaning, “Fuck me, Cas,” just to make sure he got the message loud and clear.
“It’s just a job, you’ll find one here. Sam would be extremely happy if he got to have you around again. He misses you deeply. Can’t you see how happy your staying here makes him?”
Dean’s question brought him back to reality and Castiel answered, “I guess it was nothing special. I mean, we’ve always been closer to each other than to the rest of our siblings, but we were quite similar, so it wasn’t really the fact that we developed from the same fertilized egg. Of course, it wasn’t the same as it was for you and Sam because you are four years his senior,” Castiel felt honored to get this information because Sam seemed to be what was most precious to Dean, “and Jimmy and I don’t have an age difference. So I haven’t been able to take care of him as you did for Sam or the other way around. And we did get confused with the other all the time, we still get now, but we only used it once to our advantage.”
The question was directed towards him and Jimmy chuckled slightly. In a soft voice, Cas said, “Let us at least clean up the sound and bring you water,” which Dean didn’t argue. So, Cas stayed in the bedroom with their boyfriend while Jimmy went downstairs to grab a glass and fill it with water. When he came back into the room, though, the two were gone, and, frowning, he walked to the bathroom only to see Dean washing his penis and then his hands while Castiel cleaned the sound.
Panic rose inside of him as he spun around with wide eyes, and he felt like his stomach dropped when his gaze landed on Michael’s leer. His eyes were dark and lustrous, and Dean felt like the whole world stopped at once when he said, “So, you’re the guy my brothers are fucking. Tell me, were they really worth ditching me for?”
Cas frowned, his forehead creasing. It made him sad that after all this time spent together, Dean still thought like that. It hurt, too, because they made it clear enough that Dean was everything to them, and hearing the person you love think so little about themselves felt like a jab to his heart. “You’re not just a body, Dean. You are so much more. You’re your own person, you are unique because there’s no one else in the world that is exactly the way you are, which makes you irreplaceable to us. We love what’s inside of you as much as what’s outside. And if we tell you that you give us everything and much more, we’re not just saying it to make you feel better, we’re saying it because it’s true. You know exactly what you give to us, Dean. Look at Jimmy – look at how much you’re giving him. I don’t think there are many people out there who would put this much trust in another person. And look at me, I feel free like a free bird because of you. And the most important thing you’re giving us each and every day is your love and trust. Believe us when we say you’re invaluable to us and that we don’t want anyone else in your place, ever.”
Under different circumstances, Jimmy would have kissed back immediately, but as it was, he just stood there and let the man kiss him until the stranger noticed that he didn’t reciprocate and stopped. He withdrew his hands from Jimmy’s face and took a step back to look at him. That close, Jimmy was able to see how handsome he was and it didn’t take a lot to put two and two together to know that this was Dean. He was indeed a very handsome man. Freckles covered the bridge of his nose and nice cheekbones, he was tall and broad and had this easy and bright smile that lit up his eyes, which were the most intense and iridescent green Jimmy had ever seen. And he merely gawked at the man in front of him – because what else was he supposed to do?
“Well, there’s a way we could prevent someone from being left out certainly and it’s what Jimmy and I would prefer… but it comes close to option one,” Castiel answered carefully, letting this information sink in first before going on with, “Open relationships are just one form of consensual non-monogamy. There are, for example, others like polyamory. Do you know this?”
He’d almost forgotten how they had first met, but staring into Dean’s face now, thinking that this –
He couldn’t bring himself to end the sentence, but he didn’t have to because Dean smiled at him sympathetically and guessed, “That they’re like this dude from the pub?”
After that, Benny watched closely as Jimmy coated the device with a generous amount of lube, making sure that he didn’t miss a spot, then kneeled down in front of Dean so that his hard cock was at level with his mouth and even leaned in to give the deeply flushed head of it a lingering kiss before cautiously grasping it with his left hand and starting to insert the steel as slowly and carefully as possible. Dean screwed his eyes shut at the intrusion and bit down on his bottom lip so hard to prevent from moaning, that Benny was sure it broke the soft skin of his plump, pink, pillowy lip and drew blood.
“No!” When Dean looked up at him again, Jimmy continued, “I think it’s great, you know, to have something to be passionate about.” Another one of Dean’s shy smiles returned to his face and it was extremely endearing. “What else do you like?”
"Fuck, yes!" He yelled, his eyes rolling into his skull as he all but writhed underneath his boyfriend, melting under the ministrations of Cas’ filthy and long tongue. Within minutes, the Dom had worked his muscle all the way inside until he was as deep in Dean's ass as possible while his hands kneaded and spread his cheeks apart to plunge his tongue in even deeper, and Dean was desperate for it, rocking his hips back against Castiel to fuck himself on his tongue. He moaned so deep, that the reverberation of the throaty sound went right through his entire body so that he was sure even Castiel could feel the vibrations of it where his tongue was connected to him, making him moan with pleasure in response. It spurred him in deeper even, more than it should be possible, and Dean groaned loudly, biting into the pillow while muffled curses spilled past his lips in his state of ecstasy and pleasure.
“I’m not good at this, Cas. I don’t deserve you or Jimmy. I don’t know why you think I’d be worth a shot and I’m sorry you met me. And I don’t know why I’m this fucked up, but I want it. I want it so bad, Cas. I had to give you my number. I just… I-I couldn’t not… I…” His breathing quickened and he wasn’t seeing clearly anymore. Dean didn’t know what was going on but he felt like he was suffocating even though he took in breath after breath like a dying fish…
Smiling, Cas started to move his hand, stroking Dean a few times, before swiping his thumb over his head to collect the pre-cum that had gathered there and used it for a smoother glide. He alternated between stroking, flicking his wrist, which made Dean moan beautifully, and toying with his slit, which was what had the green-eyed rocking his hips up into Castiel’s hand helplessly and moaning wantonly.
He talked with a low and rumbling voice that made Jimmy’s pulse quicken and saliva pool in his mouth as he wished to be inside of that stunning man giving him a lascivious and hot smile as he almost whispered, “I’d clean myself up all nicely, make sure I’m good to go and I’d shave. You know, women like when it’s all smooth ‘cause it feels better and makes me look bigger, but I think Cas would like that too, you know. I think he’d like to put his hands on me and
This didn’t quell his curiosity or his questions at all, though, so he whined, “But why?” His question had been ignored completely – as if he hadn’t asked loud enough.
“I love you, too,” he whispered, his voice rough and quiet with emotion. And once he said it, he couldn’t stop. “I love you. Both. I love you the same. I love you so much. You are the first ones I ever loved. Ever will. God, I love you…” A tear dropped down to his chest and when he concentrated on them again, he saw that Cas was crying silently and Jimmy’s eyes were glassy with unshed tears. “I love you, only you.”
“He gave me his number, I gave him mine to give Cas and that’s how I met him today to get my skin inked after I had a date with Cas yesterday.” He smiled timidly and rubbed his hands, staring at them in thought – he was not ready for Sam’s teasing in that matter.
The moment Dean realized that they’ve been staring again, he cleared his throat and said, “Whatever you wanna watch, just choose anything,” ripping Castiel out of his debate.
So, with every thrust, he made sure to make Dean understand exactly that. Made him feel his desire for him and how much he needed him. And showing him who he belonged to and that no one else except him and Jimmy could ever make him feel this good and himself.
“Because I’m afraid that you think you can’t use it because you think you’re mistrusting us. You think because you’re our submissive, you have to do everything we want. And maybe it’s a way of yours to say that you love us, and I appreciate that, Dean. But that’s not how it works. We know you love us. Everything you do, the way you look at us, and treat us shows just how much you love us, Dean. And I know it’s hard for you after everything you’ve been through and after Michael had so often ignored your limits, but you have to take care of yourself as well, and if that means using your safeword, that doesn’t automatically mean you don’t love us anymore. We know that, Dean.”
“Jimmy?” Dean’s voice said, and it was so close to his ear, that he jolted upright, opening his eyes and looking about the room to orient himself. He was in bed, Dean having wrapped his arms around Jimmy’s waist with his nose pushed into his neck, and when he checked the other side of the bed, he saw that Cas was already gone. “What were you dreaming about?” Dean mumbled into his skin and Jimmy smiled softly.
, which didn’t mean that sometimes, Dean couldn't still be a bit of brat during play sessions – or a lot, actually – but Jimmy and Cas knew that his need to please them prevented him from outright disobeying a direct order, and they also knew that he technically hadn’t broken a rule nor disobeyed any of his orders for today just now. But Dean was well aware of the fact that Cas liked to be talked to with a certain amount of respect when he was his Dom and that both Jimmy and Castiel hated when he used degrading words to describe himself. And they especially despised when he called himself a sex slave because that was not what he was to them – and Dean knew that, of course – he also didn’t feel like they treated him like one or felt like it generally. That wasn’t their dynamic after all but Dean still had his fun irking them with it, at least to a certain extent and not further.
He didn’t like where this was going because it got dark real fast and he wanted so bad to show Dean the good in this world. He wanted him to love his life and be glad to live. Jimmy just didn’t feel entitled to do so, yet. “Thanks for being so open to me, Dean. It means a lot.” He saw Dean nodding out of the corner of his eye and he smiled faintly. “If I could change anything about me, it would be the fact that I don’t care enough. I mean, not that I don’t care about this life or earth, the environment or future, nothing like that… It’s just that I don’t have many things I like or deeply care for. Not like you, for example.”
Carefully, Castiel reached out to take Dean’s hands in his own to inspect them, his forehead creased with worry. “You’re hurt…” he stated, searching Dean’s face for whatever happened. “What’s going on, Dean?”
Behind him, Cas and Jimmy pressed their bodies against him, tracing their fingers down the insides of his arms. One of them rested their chin on his shoulder while the other pressed a kiss to his temple, whispering, “We thought you’d like the view.”
. Every sensation felt heightened, he was so hot and hard, that it hurt and he was so far into subspace, that it felt like an out-of-body experience when Jimmy took his cock into his mouth again and stroked him fast to bring him to finally orgasm. It hit him so hard, that his legs gave out, his sobbing intensified, and his body went completely boneless in only a matter of seconds.
Since Castiel wasn’t the biggest fan of alcohol and therefore didn’t consume it very often, he had no idea when it came to liquor or brands, so it was Jimmy’s turn to answer, “I’ve honestly never heard of
The door fell shut a little louder than usual but Cas couldn’t care less. All that mattered at this moment was Dean and the way he looked at them. There was something dark in his eyes – a playful spark – and it was exhilarating to be looked at with those orbs. “Fuck, Cas…” the blonde mused, curling his hand around Cas’ hip, “you almost started a fight right there.” And with that, he leaned into Castiel and smashed his mouth against his open and waiting one to kiss him messily.
Shrugging, Dean said, “Not always, I guess. Sure, if a Dom decides to edge me for hours only to make me come so hard, I practically blackout, it can get pretty intense afterward. But bondage can have the same effect without even a promise for release…”
Trying to turn his face away to escape Michael’s dark eyes, Dean groaned in pain when the man slotted his knee between his thighs to press it against his cock painfully, almost crushing it underneath his bone. “I bet you get this all the time, don't you? Everywhere you go, you make people want you.”
Dean whispered, “No,” and started to close the space between them to kiss Cas again, but Castiel used his grip on Dean’s biceps to push him back tenderly. He fixed the blonde with a stern look and waited for an explanation. “My shoulder’s just a bit stiff after holding still this long today. It’s okay.” He dove in for a kiss once more and this time, Castiel didn’t stop him.
Castiel’s fingers still itched to touch Dean, but he swallowed down his need and asked, “Do you want to sleep now?”
“Are you?” Castiel had to admit that he was surprised to hear that from Jimmy and he wondered if he’d be interested in it if it wasn’t for Dean.
“Gabriel right?” Dean turned to look at Cas, who met his twin’s eyes curiously, waiting for an answer.
Castiel has no idea how long they remain like this; it feels like ages. So when Sam finally gets to his feet again – Jessica rubbing his back and arm – he looks at Castiel, devastated, and asks: “di-did you know him?”
to the right cheek, pressing the leather into the skin on the spot, which drew out another moan from the blonde.
“It does. And I wasn’t laughing because you said something stupid. Actually, it was very nice to hear that from you… it’s merely the way you said it.” He met Dean’s gaze to see if he was even listening because it was suddenly very quiet in this room.
A loud groan caught Jessica’s attention then and she hung her coat over the rack next to the door before turning around and watching as Dean got into an upright position on the couch. His back was facing her as he stretched his arms out above his head with a slight
– Dean was. And when Castiel took off his own shirt and shifted a bit so that he had a comfortable position between Dean’s spread legs, Dean let his hands wander all over his upper body, traveling up his arms, to the center of his chest and down his stomach. His hands kept wandering then and Castiel realized that Dean liked to touch and to be touched,
Castiel smirked as he thrust his fingers back inside, three at once, and started tapping his prostate and bumping them in and out of his beautiful hole. He added a fourth one not long after that and when he scissored them inside of Dean often enough to know the blonde was able to take him now, Cas pulled his fingers out and wiped them off on his pants, which he pulled down and took off along with his boxers to be able to move freely.
“That’s not right, Dean. I didn’t feel left out at all today. It was a wonderful afternoon and I enjoyed every minute of it.”
Dean’s bound legs were spread widely, revealing his beautifully flushed and erected cock hanging heavy and proud between his thighs, and the muscles of his lean upper body were pulled taut from the strain in them, making his shoulders look even stronger than before and the sight was enough to make Benny feel hotter than he ought to be when looking at a friend. In fact, it was so mesmerizing, that he had a hard time looking away, but once he overcame his desire to keep staring and did tear his eyes away, Benny was able to see Dean’s flushed and handsome face and the way his thick lashes rested on his freckled cheeks as his eyes fluttered shut, a feature that was so delicate compared to Dean’s otherwise sharp and masculine edges, that Benny found himself stunned.
he really loved when they got all territorial about him like that – even though Dean had already promised to keep wearing the collar.
Castiel groaned in delight at hearing that it wasn’t hard enough for their boyfriend yet and started pushing into him faster and harsher. The nails of his free hand were scratching down Dean’s back along the spine just hard enough to raise the skin and Dean keened, moaning as his body started spasming with his orgasm. It seemed to be enough to tip Cas over the edge as well, and he groaned once more, head thumping against Dean’s as he released inside of him.
– he was even more stunning up close. Vibrant spring green eyes met his own and all he could do was stare. The man was by far the most beautiful one Castiel had ever laid his eyes upon and he gravitated towards him, into his personal space, without even noticing. It was astounding and Castiel hadn’t ever felt this pull in his chest towards another person before.
“You made weird noises and I didn’t know if you were having a nightmare or the best dream ever.” Dean withdrew a bit to meet Jimmy’s eyes, his arms still wrapped around him, and he grinned slightly at him.
At last, Cas brought the strands to Dean’s back once more and tied them to the already existing rope with a square knot, running the little rest of the rope he still had left behind all the other lines the rope had created in the back to hide it and tie it off with another square knot to fasten it and finish the harness.
Trying to peek into the oven, Dean explained, “Jimmy told me that you liked to cook a bit healthier.”
Dean had his back to him when he entered the shower, stroking his hands over his arms to clean himself while he had his head bowed. Carefully, Jimmy stepped up behind his boyfriend as not to scare him and made his presence known before pressing his chest against Dean’s back and wrapping his arms around his middle from behind. The blonde sighed and gently leaned back into his hold, placing his head on top of Jimmy’s shoulder with his eyes closed. He stroked his fingers tenderly across Dean’s skin, hugged him close, and clung to him as he let his tears run free once more.
And as assumed, Dean chuckled warmly and nodded his head, admitting, “It sure is. Now I know why I’ve never been the relationship type before… guess one person just made me feel caged.” The last thing was said sarcastically but Sam was certain that there was some truth to it anyway, so he just nodded and smiled fondly.
“I dunno. Nothing would come out of it if I moved here. I’d just bring back everything he left behind for a good reason. I don’t want to invade him and Jess or be a liability.” Dean’s voice was quieter and Jimmy hated that Dean belittled himself like that.
. And maybe I do, maybe I don’t. But I am willing to give you everything and I’m trying every day to give back just as much as you give us. Because, for me, you mean everything as well. So,” breaking eye contact with Dean to stare down at his leg in shame, Cas said, “if you want me to stop touching your belly, I will. I’m sorry if it disturbs you and I don’t even know myself if it’s a fetish or something else, I just love to look at it and touch it.” He took a deep breath and gazed at Dean again, stilling his fingers he had caught tracing invisible patterns into the skin of his boyfriend’s stomach absently before withdrawing his hand entirely and placing it on top of Dean’s thigh.
After a while, his breathing was back to normal and his heart stopped hammering against Dean’s back. He soaked in the blonde’s scent, warmth, and feel and just enjoyed laying like this in comfortable silence, his hands rising and falling with Dean’s even breaths.
Then, Jimmy helped Dean position his body above Cas’ lap, one hand on Dean’s hip, the other gripping his tied arms behind his back, and sat down comfortably next to them once he reached out the lube to Cas and was sure they would manage the rest alone.
delicious sight as well and Jimmy took it all in greedily. This here was already enough to awake his arousal and make him hot in all the right places.
with his thumb for a moment, considering if he should really do this… Controlling himself with Dean around got harder every time they saw each other and that would have only been the third time. Castiel didn’t want to do anything he would regret afterward and he especially didn’t want Dean to regret it. But he was weak and wanted to see Dean again, so he pressed
Whenever Cas told him to, Dean would loosen his grip around his penis just slightly and give it a short tug or move it around, so that the sound could go in deeper. Castiel explained that it was normal that the sound would sometimes just stop moving and that this helped to move it along. Once it was fully inside, merely the ring at the end to pull it back out was left and Dean’s cock was stuffed and unyielding with it.
Castiel knew that Dean’s thoughts were loud right now and he understood that the blonde didn’t want to concentrate on an actual conversation with them as well. But he couldn’t shake the feeling that they needed to do something more for him. But maybe they couldn’t. Maybe this was something that Dean had to work out on himself. If so, they’d just be there for him as always, be close to him; a soothing physical presence. And perhaps that was all Dean needed. At least Castiel hoped it was.
Stroking his hand back up Dean’s pec in a tantalizing and slow way, Jimmy suggested, “Why don’t we cool you down a bit?” A wide smile was spreading across his face now and Dean knew that there had to be a catch to that. He nodded anyway and watched as Castiel scrambled to get to their bag and take out what seemed to be a thermal lunge box or something, then reached it out to Jimmy, who took it with both hands and set it down in front of him. It wasn’t big, truly just a lunch box, but when he opened it, Dean didn’t know what to make of what he saw. In the box, there was a colorless and probably homemade popsicle wrapped up in plastic wrap and next to it, a simple, big, glass plug. They’d even used this particular plug on him before and every time it had come into action, there’d been temperature play involved, which would explain the thermal box but not the popsicle.
While they collected themselves and started walking into the living room, Jimmy noticed that the shower wasn’t running anymore, and only then did he realize that Dean still hadn’t come out of the bathroom after what had possibly been 15 minutes. When he met Cas’ eyes, he saw that his twin had noticed this as well, if the worried look he was directing towards the bathroom was anything to go by.
He would’ve been lying if he said that he didn’t check on Dean and made sure he was fine several times during the night regardless.
The first thing Jimmy noticed when he came back home was that it was oddly quiet, and when he stepped inside and closed the door, taking off his shoes and looking about the room, he saw why; Benny and Dean weren’t there to watch some TV or to just hang out as expected. But when he checked the other shoes at the front door, merely Benny’s shoes were missing. Dean’s were still neatly aligned with the wall, which made Jimmy frown slightly as he climbed the steps. Once upstairs, he slowly and quietly opened the door and peeked into the bedroom, assuming that Dean had taken a nap after his time showing Benny around the area. But his eyes fell upon an empty bed, still just like they had left it this morning, and Jimmy’s frown deepened, worry creeping into his chest.
“Okay, I still have some words I’m not familiar with, at least in that context. Asphyxiation, Necrophilia fantasy, Infantilism, Serving, and
Jimmy swallowed and admitted, “I want to put a cockring on you,” and smiled when he felt Dean’s mouth go slack just the slightest where it still brushed his ear.
Obeying, the blonde closed his eyes and waited as Castiel pulled out the collar of the bag and met Jimmy’s gaze in a silent question if he was fine with this as well. He nodded once and Cas opened the buckle and gently placed the leather around Dean, who gasped softly at the feel of something being fastened around his neck, a smile starting to form on his lips while Cas secured the collar so that it wasn’t choking Dean but also not too loose.
“I never do, Cas. It’s just… it makes me feel bad, like I’m not equally there for you. I just don’t ever want any of you to feel left out, and I kinda feel like I did that to you today.”
Smiling softly, Cas picked up all the bottles and sticks, and soon everything they had brought here was being carried back into the house again, merely leaving behind the burnt wood in the fireplace.
When Dean still didn’t answer, he turned around and crouched in front of him, placing his hands on his knees to keep his mind clear by reminding him of their presence with touches. “Are you with us, Dean?”
As soon as the two of them entered his apartment, Castiel picked up where they had left off and kissed Dean again. He pressed him against the door and closed it like that, caging Dean in between the wood and his body. The blonde kissed back just as eagerly and Castiel wrapped his hands around the back of Dean’s neck to have something to hold on to. Between heated kisses, Castiel breathed out, “I don’t usually do this.”
“Well, we were all named after our great-grandfather so all Novaks have the middle name James. I call myself Jimmy because I don’t want it to be James and Emmanuel sounds just lame… I don’t know, it has always been Jimmy – it’s who I am. Cas was the first to call me that because Emmanuel was too complicated to say as a small child and everyone always called him Cassie so he wanted to give me a pet name as well.”
Only then did he realize that his finger was tracing a laceration on Dean’s back, following the feel of slightly raised skin. He immediately stopped and withdrew his hand, placing it on Dean’s hip while cursing himself internally. Swallowing thickly, Cas asked, “Michael?”
“Yeah, I’ve always wanted to get one and then I met Cas’ twin brother, who turned out to be a tattoo artist, and I just knew I wanted him to do it.” His brother’s expression turned even more confused and his brows knitted together as he obviously tried to make sense of any of the things Dean said. It made him grin even wider.
They decided to enjoy the last few hours of the sun on their deck terrace and settled down on one of the sunbeds. Jimmy wasn’t sure why they even had three ones if they only ever used one, just like they did now. He took a seat at the end of the bed, legs on either side of it so that his feet were on the floor, while Castiel sat down on the other end, propped up on his elbows, legs wide apart and out in front of him and knees slightly bent. Dean took this as his invitation and crawled backward into Cas’ lap so that his legs were stretched out behind him, one on either side of Cas’ waist, and his chest was between Castiel’s legs at knee level, propping himself up on his arms and placing his hands on each of Jimmy’s knees. The position was fairly convenient because now his ass was on display and within easy reach for Cas so that he could take care of it unobstructed and Jimmy enjoyed being able to look at his boyfriend’s face.
and his throat was suddenly very dry as he felt all those emotions rushing through his body. Dean was the most wonderful and mesmerizing person Jimmy had ever met and listening to him talk about the presumably most precious moment of his life made him want to cry and protect him from any harm and all that darkness in this world at all costs. He swallowed down the lump in his throat and smiled, whispering, “That was beautiful, Dean. Thank you for sharing this with me.”
And it was true, Dean did have slight problems when it came to peeing in front of them, which was oddly weird. He could masturbate in front of them, watch them insert sounds into his slit, let them finger him or eat him out, but he struggled to empty his bladder with them in a room. Well, he could, but it took a few minutes until he felt good enough around them to let go and it always made Jimmy smile.
During their little tour around the area at Emerald Bay State Park, the fairly painful situation turned out to be a real bummer, and an uncomfortable one at that, since walking with his erection wasn’t truly that pleasant or sexy. Jimmy had chuckled a few times at seeing Dean’s gait, his bowed-legs now even more noticeable because he was trying not to chafe himself bloody, though Cas had been so nice to lend him the picnic blanket he had stuffed in the bag for Dean to carry, which he had been super thankful for. He’d been holding it in front of his crotch in a subtle way to hide his tenting pants the entire way to the beach. Although his boyfriends hadn’t been as generous when they’d decided to get the check and leave the restaurant, letting Dean walk out of there with his hands suspiciously close to his crotch in a desperate attempt at hiding his boner from all those fancy people.
“I know what you’re thinking, you dirty little man…” Dean teased, suddenly hooking his leg around Jimmy’s waist to flip them over as if he weighed nothing. It left Jimmy breathless and when Dean rocked his hips to remind him that they were still connected, he groaned, staring up at his boyfriend with wide, awe-struck eyes. “Just because I’m the sleepy one doesn’t mean I can’t be toppy,” Dean whispered into his ear as he bent down, clenching around him, and licked along the shell of his ear playfully. God, this man was so indescribably sexy and Jimmy let out a strangled moan at the feeling and this show of power.
Now Dean was the one laughing and the sound was like music to Jimmy’s ears. “Man, I was so relieved that I got to cook for Christmas Eve, they even made an exception for me and allowed me to cook them a fantastic stuffed turkey and they liked it.”
Above them, Dean chuckled and Jimmy felt it in his hands. It was freaking fantastic. “Y’know…” he mumbled, “sometimes, I find it hard to believe that you’re gay, Cas. You’d obviously love me a great deal more if I had boobs you could squeeze and imagine sucking my milk from them. I mean, you love my ass and you’re always touching my belly, so I think you’d have a whole kink going in for it if I was pregnant and round with your kids. Imagine this,” he pointed his hand in the general direction of his body, “as a woman… I know Jimmy’d jump me immediately.”
“It’s referred to a sensation after an intense play session, mostly experienced by Subs, which often occurs as a result of the release of endorphins – chemicals, that produce a natural high. Although, the down from such a heightened experience can be quite low and so it’s important that adequate arrangements are made for aftercare.”
, a club where he met up with Michael. And when he wasn’t at work, out drinking, or with Michael, it got lonely pretty fast.
The statement came out of nowhere and Jimmy looked at Dean questioningly, his right hand caressing the skin of his lower back where it rested possessively. “What?”
Jimmy fell in love with this incredible man and he could pinpoint the exact moment it happened – in his tattoo studio as Dean told him a story about his brother and himself and revealed with it just who he was to Jimmy. Dean had so much love to give and he deserved so much more than life had thus far provided him. Jimmy didn’t know for sure what it was that happened in his past but he presumed it had something to do with his father and with the voice in his head and that it was bad.
With a wide and happy grin breaking out across his face, Castiel looked at Jimmy and saw an equally pleased and excited expression, his eyes glinting with happiness. “God, you’re the best, Dean,” Cas breathed out. This meant so much to him. No one had ever been as important to him as Dean and that gesture showed him just how reciprocated their feelings were. It said more than words could.
And truly, Dean seemed more than fine. He was glowing the entire morning before work, except for when he sat down on the hard and unforgiving dining chair and cursed so loud, that Jimmy almost choked on his bite of pancakes in his mouth. For whatever reason, seeing with his own eyes that Dean was fine and hearing him say so was still not enough to make him feel better, even though he’d hoped that it would. And when the blonde left the table to go upstairs and get dressed since he was usually the first to leave the house, Jimmy asked him if
Still moving, thrusting into Dean and keeping him stimulated, Castiel rests one hand at the back of Dean’s neck, fingertips buried in the short hair at his nape, and the other stroking his back soothingly along his spine while whispering sweet nothings into his ear. “I’ve got you, Dean. Let go.”
Jimmy sat up a bit straighter and tried to meet Dean’s eyes, assuring, “The same goes for me, Dean. I’d rather kill myself than let anything happen to the love of my life.” He leaned in to press a lingering kiss into his hair, his eyes flicking open and meeting Castiel’s sad ones. They shared a moment of silence, a quiet agreement being made by them both to protect Dean at all costs through their gazes, and only once Dean calmed down again, did Jimmy allow himself to sigh in relief, feeling emotionally drained like never before.
“You guys been waiting for me?” he asked as he placed a kiss to first Cas’ cheek, and then Jimmy’s before sitting down between them and making himself comfortable in his seat.
“Wouldn’t want that…” Dean said after a while, smirking at Cas and pushing his ass out further. Castiel merely grinned at their boyfriend’s antics and shook his head in fond amusement, rubbing the residue of the oil off on Dean’s arms to grab the rope next.
He tried to lower his voice as much as possible without it sounding weird because he knew just how much Dean loved when their voices were all gravelly and deep. And Jimmy loved to watch Dean’s body shudder at the sound of it and how goosebumps erupted on his skin. “So, I won’t use my tongue or anything else. I want you to use your fingers and bring yourself over the edge. And I want to see everything.”
Jimmy joined them after closing the front door and they were careful not to touch Dean or to come too close to him in favor of preventing him from being overwhelmed. “Dean?”
It was quite the opposite, honestly. Sometimes, Dean fantasized about being woken by his beautifully big cock pushing into him, his sleep getting disturbed as Jimmy fucked him lazily from behind under the covers. Yes, he knew, he was a kinky jerk but they were only fantasies anyway and he had never harmed anyone with them before…
Sam nodded slowly, probably trying to process this information and trying to figure out its significance. “Okay, well… why? I’m sorry to ask all that, I’m just, you know, not the most experienced guy when it comes to all those things. Jess had to help me out with all that BDSM stuff before and I get that.”
While he was lost in his thoughts, starting to understand his reactions, he could feel Dean tracing the skin of his left hip, drawing patterns into it with his fingers.
With a sad expression, Jessica framed his face with both hands and assured, “We’ll help him, okay. We’ll be there for him and prevent anything from happening to him. If this gets worse, we’ll make him move in with us, whatever it takes.”
Until Benny isn’t just shaking him anymore, but pulling him away from Dean. Castiel listens now, tries to make sense of what is being said.
“We will give you a break now until the second part starts, okay?” Cas asked, caressing Dean’s forehead and brushing the hair back that was still stuck there, and Dean merely nodded, closing his eyes and trying to calm down.
It was the best thing Dean could have said and Castiel practically beamed at him with pride. “Yeah?”
Suddenly, there was a hand on his shoulder and when he looked up, Jimmy stared right into his eyes. “Hey, you’re a good Dom. I know I had my worries at first, but I was wrong. You may be the most caring man I’ve ever seen and the way you care for Dean and how much you love him…” Jimmy’s eyes drifted to their boyfriend and he smiled fondly as he took in his closed eyes and slow breathing. “He’s safe with you, Cas, and he knows it.”
“Yes. Of course, you could do the same with breasts, as many Doms like to do with their female Subs, though I’ve personally never practiced it for the sheer reason that I’ve never had a female submissive.”
Jimmy took his hands off Dean’s cock after a long while of giving it the utmost attention and rubbed his hands clean off his boyfriend’s pre-cum on the sheets to soothe them down his spread legs, stroking his thighs and kneading the flesh. “Are you okay, Dean?”
Smiling softly, Cas walked towards their boyfriend and Jimmy watched as he took Dean by the hand to guide him towards the bed where they have already spread the rope. His hair was still a bit damp and darker but he smelled fresh and Jimmy smiled as they stopped in front of him, leaning in to give him a lingering kiss.
The eye contact made him shiver and he tried to concentrate on the way his inner walls were rippling around Castiel’s cock as he pushed inside inch after inch and the way Cas’ other hand was digging so harshly into the meat of his hips, that he was sure he’d see bruises there afterward, while trying hard to keep their gazes locked. He felt so hot and aroused, and the fact that he was completely naked while Castiel was still fully dressed in his slacks and his dress shirt, merely his cock having been pulled out through the open zipper of his pants, was enough to make him moan like a wanton whore.
They both smiled at that and Jimmy said, “Good,” while Castiel climbed onto the table as well to hover over Dean and pepper him with kisses. His body was touch-warm and flushed and this was how Cas loved Dean the most – pliant, happy, and delirious from post-orgasm. Then Dean turned his face and looked at him with hooded eyes, whispering, “Cas,” almost as if wanting to ask something.
“Okay, think about this: Dean meets with Michael at an arranged time in a private room. There are lots of different ways to go about this now, there’d probably be some sort of foreplay, it could be teasing, edging, or anything. Let’s just go with teasing; Dean’d be teased by, say, barely-there touches or toys, whatever, until the Dom thinks he’s been ‘tortured’ enough and if he was good and did exactly as he was told, then they’d continue and, I don’t know– start having sex. And afterward, the Dom would take care of Dean and ensure that he’s alright.”
He put down the bottle with a quiet noise at the same time as he heard a knock on his door and when he grabbed his phone to check the time, he frowned. It was 9.07 pm and he didn’t expect anyone to come by at all.
“He was a Dom as well and told me that I could only be a good Rigger if I knew how it felt, how a Submissive would feel. So, he showed me specific knots and ways to suspend people on myself first and I experienced it like a Sub would before doing the tying and knotting. It was truly helpful because I could judge if the rope was too tight or sat uncomfortably and how long the Submissive could stay in a certain position,” Castiel explained as Dean and Jimmy listened intently.
With a playful voice, Jimmy called, “We’ll be nice now,” and Dean grinned at the fact that he was able to wrap them around his finger so easily with a surprise.
His lips were dragging down Dean’s neck in wet kisses until he reached his collar bone and it distracted Dean so much, that he merely managed to nod and breathe out, “Mhmm.”
without fighting back. It was weird, imagining your own brother in bed, of course, but this was a whole new level. Sam didn’t judge Dean at all for the things he did to feel good, and he didn’t see him any differently after that. He was still his big brother and the strongest person Sam knew and he would never stop to look up to Dean.
Dean sniffled once, head ever so slightly shaking, and even though it was a negative reply, it was the first Jimmy got and just this small reaction was enough to make it a bit easier for him to breathe again. “How can I help you? What can I do?”
Dean never says such things. He thinks it is too chick-flick to say anything like that. The Winchester always calls it fucking; sometimes he calls it sex – only if he talks about past experiences that weren’t of his taste – but it’s always just that: a quick fuck. No feelings, no strings attached. He says it himself; Dean is the
“Dean, as a Sub you have to know your limits and use your safeword when it comes to things like this. You can’t just let him go on and do anything to you. You’re risking your well-being and health by doing so.”
Once the need for oxygen overwhelmed the need to keep Dean’s mouth against his, Cas pulled his lips off and panted against his lover’s shoulder as Dean buried his face in the crook of his neck to lick and kiss the skin there, his pelvis rocking into him in a slow but desperate rhythm.
The next morning, Castiel woke up to soft groaning next to him and his brain was just a little too slow to reorient itself in its newly conscious state that it took a while for him to realize he wasn’t the one making these noises. Since he hadn’t felt quite ready enough to open his eyes and face the new day yet, Castiel was slow to turn around on his side and peek at what was in front of him through the slits of his half-lidded eyes. When he did, though, everything came rushing back in dizzying speed as his gaze fell upon Dean’s sleeping face, and while he let himself muse about their shared, passionate night together, Cas caught his eyes sweeping all over Dean’s resting form shielded from his hungry gaze by the cover. The blonde was laying on his stomach, his face pressed into the pillow to the point that Cas worried he didn’t get enough oxygen, and his arms splayed out next to his head, his hands stuffed underneath it. Even though it wasn’t intentional, this display of muscle and skin had Castiel swallowing rather thickly.
Their words made butterflies go wild in his stomach and Dean had never thought such a cheesy thing without wanting to slap himself. This was real and it was only for him. Because he was theirs and they were his.
Right now, he was turning off the steaming water and running a hand through his dripping hair, stepping out of the shower and rubbing his body dry with a towel. When he looked at his reflection after wiping away the steam from the mirror, Dean checked on his healed marks and sighed in relief when he saw that they were fading and therefore wouldn’t be permanent ones. He had been so afraid to wear them for the rest of his life, to always be reminded of what a failure he was.
After Cas had finally calmed down from his unexpected orgasm, he had been able to finish eating his sandwich while watching Dean move himself up and down in Jimmy’s lap until they both came. And observing the scene this relaxed and loose had made Castiel think about the things Dean had told him before rubbing his foot against his cock and he had to admit that it sounded wonderful to engage in cock-warming out of the bed. And truly, just like Dean had said, they could do it whenever they wanted – as long as they were alone in the comfort of their apartment – and the idea of spending their Sunday cozily huddled together in the living room with Dean enjoying himself while keeping them warm… it did sound absolutely heavenly. And if he shortly thought about plugging Dean’s ass after he’d deposited his load in it so he could use his own cum as lube to take him again once they felt like it the next time they had sex while watching intently, then no one would ever know. Even though the idea seemed truly excellent in Castiel’s opinion.
. Dean had started so early with sex and everything that came with it, and Jimmy had always thought that he’d been younger than other people when he’d discovered lust and his attraction towards both sexes while Castiel had always been more of a late bloomer.
The man looked terrible, even worse than last night, with his eyes red and dark circles underneath. There was blood on his shirt and hands – probably Dean’s – with which he scrubbed his face in an exhausted gesture. His voice sounded miserable and pleading when he said, “Dean, I’m so fucking sorry. I didn’t– God, I didn’t want to hurt you. I’m so sorry, I–”
When his own orgasm finally hit, Jimmy thought he’d blackout for a second with the force of it, but he kept rolling his hips into Dean to ride out the waves of pleasure and the blonde whined a little at the slow grind of their spent bodies. And as he carefully and slowly pulled out of Dean, taking hold of his legs to gently set them back down on the mattress, Castiel was already untying the knots and freeing their boyfriend of the ropes around his arms.
Castiel swallowed once, thickly, and only then managed to slowly drag his gaze back up to meet Dean’s eyes with dark and lustrous ones, asking, “How does it feel?” with a sandpaper rough voice that had about every hair standing on Dean’s body.
The first step into something unknown, that put Dean’s nerve endings on high alert out of pure anticipation but also fear.
Castiel took a step forward to close the space between them and nosed along the bend of Dean’s neck, trailing his lips up to his jaw and mumbling, “I’m glad.” Then he placed his hands tenderly on the back of Dean’s neck and brought his face down to his own, locking eyes on him and waiting. Waiting for a clue that Dean was uncomfortable with what he was about to do. But then the blonde brushed his lips tentatively against Castiel’s and he knew that Dean wouldn’t be uncomfortable, so he pressed his body into Dean’s and started kissing him with fervor, licking into his mouth and sliding against his tongue. He shivered at the feel of it and hummed into Dean’s mouth as the blonde gripped his hips to steady himself. His straight nose was poking Dean’s face but he pressed into him even more, feeling him with all his body, until they had to break apart, breathing harshly.
“It was okay, I guess, but it was also the most difficult thing I ever did in my life because I gave over my control completely and at first, I struggled to stop breaking up the session before it even started. I have never again used my safeword as much as I did during that time.” Cas remembered it all still perfectly clear and he felt some sort of phantom pain or fear at the mere thought of being suspended instead of doing the suspending. “That’s why I think you’re so amazing, Dean. I admire the strength that comes from a Submissive and they have, up until now, always been the strongest people I’ve known. It’s a great and very intimate honor that you’d trust us with something like this.”
Just like with Jimmy, Dean kept licking and stroking his softening cock through all of it but eventually, there was no more to be had and Castiel was left limp, boneless, and exhausted as Dean pulled off and nuzzled his face into his groin where his leg met his pubic area.
While Jimmy only had to remind himself once during Dean’s story that he belonged to them now, he saw that Cas had those hungry, big eyes again that he always had when he got very possessive over Dean and, or, jealous of his previous partners. He swallowed thickly and asked, “So it was good?”
Jimmy wrapped his arms around his middle, placed his hands on each of Dean’s asscheeks, and bumped their noses together as he leaned in to rest their foreheads against each other. “I can’t help it.”
Standing up abruptly, Sam declared, “That’s it, I’m getting more firewood,” and walked towards their bags and other things to grab some wood, purposefully taking his time to stay away from them a little longer than necessary.
Dean looked at him with sincere eyes, longing written into them, and a shy smile gracing his lips. So Castiel started a very slow and gentle pace, pulling out just slightly and pushing back inside as if being away from Dean’s body was impossible to bear. He kept going at this pace until Dean tipped over the edge for the second time and he came as well after a few more strokes, his cock throbbing as he spent himself inside his boyfriend.
Nodding, Cas said, “Yes, but let me prepare something first,” then walked out of the bathroom and into their bedroom again. He went straight for the drawers in which they kept all of their sex toys and equipment and pulled out what looked like an enema kit and several urethral rods. After that, he crouched to open the drawer below that one to add a weird-looking, black metal bar to the other toys and Jimmy frowned, trying to decipher what the last thing could be. It had two leather cuffs at each end but that didn’t help Jimmy get any further.
Interrupting their little conversation, Castiel rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder and whispered into his ear, “Speaking of… how do you want us to return the favor?”
“Thank you, Dean.” He smiled slightly and sat down on the edge of the bed, waiting for Dean to get back to normal. “Are you okay? How are you feeling?”
It was only half-hearted, Jimmy knew, because Dean still felt horribly guilty about sleeping with Cas, but that was about everything that held him back from doing this. So Jimmy placed his hands above Dean’s where they were still resting on his chest and cradled them, holding onto his fingers softly while stroking his thumb across his knuckles. Before he spoke, he made sure to capture Dean’s expectant and insecure gaze, then said, “Dean, it’s okay. I’m not mad at you or Cas. You told me about it, so you did nothing wrong. We wanted this arrangement and we all agreed to it. So Dean, please stop worrying and just kiss me already.”
Chuckling, Dean said, “Yeah? You know what, sometimes, you hump me during sleep. Well, you only do that when you’re spooning me, when Cas spoons me and I face you, you’re not doing it. As if your dick knows that my ass is always there for the taking…” Jimmy buried his face in their boyfriend’s neck to hide his embarrassment and the way his face blushed at being called out, while Castiel couldn’t stop himself from laughing at that.
Even if he wished more than anything to take those clothes off of Dean and map-out his freckled skin with his tongue, then delve it back into his mouth while sinking deep inside him, Castiel understood. He felt the same. There was this strong connection between the two, like a bond, although they didn’t know each other longer than an hour.
His heart swelled impossibly in his chest as he took in his Sub, his gaze traveling from head to toe of Dean’s vertically suspended body. He had requested such a position a few days ago and Castiel and Jimmy had been more than happy to fulfill his desire. Staring at his form like this now was a gift in itself and Cas made sure to take it all in and save it into his memory forever. Dean’s position was upside down, the rope holding him in the air by only his hips. Cas had tied securing and supporting rope around his waist and down his butt and thighs again but the rope holding him in this position was attached to the section at his hips, which meant that Dean was using a lot of abdominal muscles and putting a lot of strain on his back to keep himself in this position. His knees were bent and his arms stretched out behind his back to grip his feet like that to make it a little easier to hold the position, making him arch his back and stretch out his beautiful long and taut torso, which Cas was practically gawking at.
“Yeah…” he breathed out happily, approaching Jimmy to close the distance between them and wrap his arms around his shoulders, hands resting at Jimmy’s nape. Then he leaned in with that dazzling smile of his and Jimmy let his eyes fall closed as he tasted it. They kissed for a few minutes, at first softly and then passionately, chasing each other’s tongues and tasting what they could reach.
Dean’s responses to his touch were the best and Castiel was so filled with euphoria and lust, that it was difficult to concentrate his attention fully on Dean’s cock in his hand and not anything else. But after a while, as the blonde started to moan continuously and tried desperately to move his hips into Cas’ hand, it was almost impossible to do so. Especially when Dean whispered “Cas” in a tiny, pleading and wretched voice. It made him want to hear it again and Castiel was suddenly very desperate to get Dean to lose himself fully, to give his control over to Cas, forget everything that wasn’t Castiel and his touch and this pleasure and bliss he granted him until all Dean could do was scream Castiel’s name as if he was the only one who managed to satisfy him like this. He wanted to replace every memory of touch and pleasure Dean had with his own and make him his – put a collar around his neck to let everyone know just who he belonged to. It was a possessive hunger that reared inside of Castiel’s chest and got stronger the more he thought about this, the more he wanted this. It was stronger than anything he had felt before and all his primal and Dom instincts told him to mark Dean. They wanted him to own the blonde, body and soul. And it would’ve been only fair, considering Dean already owned him like that.
“I have to send it in until New Year’s Eve. So I’m finishing it now. I wanna be able to enjoy the holidays.” Dean just hummed, so Sam kept talking. “Besides, I like to finish tasks like these as soon as possible so that I have enough time to still change it should I have more ideas or want to go about it entirely different. And I still have enough time to read it over before sending it in.”
Closing his eyes, Dean admitted, “I need to come so bad, it hurts, Castiel,” his voice quiet and unsure.
If it was up to him, Cas would keep Dean home forever, but he understood and supported his decision to look for a job as a mechanic near their place, and Cas would be the last one to hold him back and make him regret being in a relationship with them. As much as he wanted Dean all for themselves, he just had to find peace with the fact that it just wasn’t possible and also very unhealthy to think like that. Though, the things they did with and to him in the comfort of their own apartment were things that only Castiel and Jimmy had permission to do. And this thought made it bearable to let Dean look for suitable jobs.
The mattress dipped behind him as Cas got to his knees before standing and stepping out of the bed to walk towards Dean and stop right behind him. When their boyfriend turned his head to look at Castiel, he brought up his hands and held Dean’s face in the tender cradle of his palms, breathing out, “Really?” Their gazes locked onto each other for a long while.
“I’m not innocent, you know…” He raised his eyebrow and fixed Dean with a heated glare and the blonde smirked knowingly.
“As lovely as this offer sounds,” Cas cut in, his voice louder but still as warm, “I’m fine. And I wouldn’t want to use you like that, Dean. That’s something you don’t ever have to be worried about. Just because you have two boyfriends, doesn’t mean you always have to make sure that you give us the same treatment so no one gets left behind. Especially when it comes to sex. It’s no duty, Dean. It should never be.”
They had both given up on the thought that it was somehow their fault because it truly wasn’t. Jimmy and Castiel had never done anything to bring them apart, it was their own making, they merely didn’t want to see it as the truth. Jimmy and Cas’ relationship was very important to the two of them and they cared deeply for each other, which was why they lived close to one another to make meeting up together a lot easier for them. While they didn’t spend every single moment together, as most people assumed, they did share some friends and hobbies so they regularly met and kept each other updated on their lives. Castiel loved Jimmy as a brother and friend and it was the same the other way around, which was way more than they could ever say about the rest of the disaster that was their family.
It took a moment for him to realize that he was tracing the lines of his tattoos and he looked down, watching Dean’s pointer finger glide across his skin in a feather-light touch. He had his other hand underneath his chin to prop his head up, so his words were a little bit mumbled when he said, “I love this one.”
It takes some time for Dean to understand what Castiel is trying to say, and when he gets it, the younger man just smiles a shy smile and reassures: “You’re not going to hurt me. And I don’t care about protection with you; I trust you.”
But then Cas caught movement out of the corner of his eyes and he looked at the person sauntering toward him in a slow but confident way. He was enthralled by the bow legs that carried him and Castiel caught himself thinking about how well his own body would fit between those. Blinking a few times to clear his mind, Cas rose from his chair and stepped aside so that he was turned to Dean fully. Now, he let his eyes wander over the rest of his body as the blonde came closer to his table and he smiled as he saw that Dean had made an effort to clean himself up. He was wearing black jeans, a white button-up shirt, and over that a green cargo jacket. His hair was different today – spiky and it looked brighter, maybe because there wasn’t that much gel in it to darken it.
For a long and beautiful moment, they merely stood like that, holding each other tight and reveling in their closeness and this soft intimacy they shared. Castiel enjoyed having Dean in his arms again and he brushed his lips against the blonde’s cheek in a featherlight touch, his heart beating in a steady and calm rhythm. How Dean managed to have this calming effect on him? He’d never know. But he would hold it dear and treasure it for as long as he could.
That was also how he’d gotten to know what she did professionally, which explained why she’d known all those things about him and had somehow gotten his phone number without asking Jimmy or Cas about information on him. Though, that didn’t make it any less creepy – knowing she searched the whole internet for his personal information and number. He still didn’t want to ask what else she had found along the way. But he trusted her enough to let it go by now and he knew he didn’t have to be someone else around her, just like one should be able to around family. And Dean was more than grateful that his family had grown by three people, making it six now, himself included.
And then Castiel pulled out his fingers and withdrew his face from his ass, leaving it wet and open and gaping around nothing but air, and Dean whined, tears falling from the corners of his eyes and into the pillow for an entirely different reason now.
His voice wavered just the slightest when he asked, “You never told me that, Sam. Is this really how you feel?”
“We’ll plan something that covers a kink from each of us, Dean,” Cas assured, kissing his lips after leaving open-mouthed ones all over his neck and chin.
Nodding, Sam took the keys from Dean and walked towards where they had parked the Impala earlier, hearing Dean following behind him. From this point on, Dean remained silent and so they spent the drive to Sam’s and Jess’ place without so much as exchanging a word, up until they entered the apartment and took off their clothes.
Dean looked at him with a frown and said, “I just said that I would tell you guys if I didn’t feel fine. What else do you want me to do? If you’re not crossing a line, I don’t have to use it.”
He wasn’t able to refrain from roaming his hands all over his body any longer and when he did exactly that, he watched as the hairs on Dean’s body stood on end and his lips parted just slightly. His body was so wonderfully warm with sleep and the remains of his fever and Jimmy didn’t know if he would ever be able to stop touching Dean again.
When Dean answered, his voice was low and seductive and he said it slowly. “He agreed to this arrangement… that I wanna go out with you both.” Cas’ heart started beating faster and this got overwhelming all too fast. He wanted control. “And he suggested that you, him, Sammy, Jess, and I spend New Year’s Eve together at Long Beach…”
Castiel merely knew that he wanted to be even closer to Dean and pressed the man against himself even more, and Dean moaned into his mouth. The sound vibrated through him and Castiel let slip a groan of his own. Dean used this to his advantage and pushed his tongue into Castiel’s mouth to seek out his tongue, and when they first met in the middle, the slide of their tongues was delicious and Castiel’s senses were overwhelmed with
That meant Cas and Jimmy would have to spend almost two hours without Dean once they come home from work… For other people in relationships, that might have been nothing at all, others might not see each other for days or weeks on end because of work and they were just fine. But for Cas, that was pure torture. Ever since Dean moved in with them, he’d sworn never to spend so much time apart from him as they had to when he’d still lived in Kansas and he truly enjoyed sharing space and time together. If Dean wasn’t around, Castiel felt odd. Like something was missing, and he only started to feel like himself again as soon as Dean was at his side, as soon as he knew he could hug him and talk to him whenever he wanted to.
He was fucking frustrated with how long it had taken him to come a third time and he felt as if climaxing again would take another two hours. His body ached in places he hadn’t even known had muscles, not even his ass hurt like this. To be honest, his ass was still fine since he had not yet been double penetrated and the fingers Jimmy had inserted previously didn’t come close to what it would feel like to take Cas’ dick and another rubber at the same time. He appreciated the thought nonetheless and it had felt quite good to have his prostate massaged by fingers while being pounded into simultaneously.
Eyes wide, Dean shook his head and hurried to say, “I do! I do, Cas. I’m sorry I didn’t come to you. I didn’t wanna hurt you, Cas. I’m so sorry. Please forgive me… please. I’m sorry.” His body trembled and tears were leaking from his eyes now and Jimmy wanted so desperately to make it stop. When he looked at Cas, he saw that his twin was equally shaken about the situation.
Dean was still tracking Jimmy’s movements long after he was done mapping out his body with his hands and went to their bags to search for the lube, up until Castiel slid the tie from around his neck with one hand and pulled it out. He smiled when Dean perked up at that, turning his head to watch him pull it off entirely, the soft swish of fabric never failing to get Dean’s attention.
Cas’ thoughts got all mixed up and Jimmy needed to help his twin find back to reality, so he grabbed his wrists and held them tight when he said, “Castiel, listen to me. You did
Relaxed and happy like this, in all his naked and oily glory, Dean was more than just mesmerizing. He was drop-dead gorgeous and breathtaking.
He would have been lying if he said that seeing Dean kiss his twin left him completely cold. It riled up his jealousy pretty hard and his possessiveness flared with fierce in the pit of his stomach. But Cas tried to keep it under control. This was neither a competition nor something he hadn’t just done a moment ago himself.
“Okay, but before we start, there are going to be a few rules. First,” he started, taking another step forward to stand directly in front of their kneeling boyfriend and placing a hand on the back of Dean’s neck tenderly to stroke him. Dean keened at the touch, his back arching and body breaking out in goosebumps as he let go of a breathy sigh. “I want you to look me in the eyes, Dean. Don’t ever withhold those stunning orbs from me.”
Waking up the next morning wasn’t pleasant, especially when Castiel opened his eyes to not only feel but
Their boyfriend nodded sluggishly and got up slowly on his hands and knees before turning around and lowering himself again. Cas watched Dean’s muscles ripple underneath his skin and the way his proud cock bobbed with every move he made. It was tantalizing to look at and Castiel was fast to get up onto the huge table and sit down, cross-legged, behind Dean’s head, following Jimmy’s movements with his gaze as his twin placed himself on his hands and knees above Dean, who’s eyes were wide, head slightly lifted off the pillow to look at Jimmy. He had his hands propped next to Dean’s arms and his knees dug into the table at the sides of Dean’s calves. His cock was erected as well and its tip almost pressed into the blonde’s pelvis as Jimmy bent down to dip his tongue into Dean’s navel, peppering kisses down his abdomen but stopping before he reached his groin. Dean let out all the air he had been holding inside at the realization that he still had to wait for his sexy bits to be touched and leaned his head back, simultaneously closing his eyes and missing the look Jimmy shot him while squeezing more oil into his palm.
Now Dean’s expression changed into a furious one and Jessica hated the way those two were just too stubborn to communicate properly with one another without ending up in a shouting fight, while all they wanted was to look out for each other.
Once the initial shock and the overwhelming sensation of their orgasms were over, Cas thrust up ever so shallowly a few times but stopped as soon as Dean started twitching at the overstimulation. “Are you okay?” Cas asked breathlessly, stroking Dean’s thighs where they were now bracketing his hips.
For a very short moment, absolute joy crossed Cas’ features and his eyes widened marginally before he seemed to get a hold of his excitement and controlled his face, his expression turning neutral but polite. “A surprise?” he echoed, taking a step towards the blonde. “You want me to guide you, Dean?”
“So… Are you currently pairing up with someone?” His question was asked tentatively, as if Dean didn’t know if he was allowed to ask it.
“Yeah, Sammy after our grandfather, Samuel, and I was named after our grandmother, Deanna – maternal.”
Instead, he said, “If I should ever try it, I’ll be sure to let you know. For now, I want you on my cock, trying to ‘fuck’ that smug smile off of my face,” and gave a hard smack to his boyfriend’s perky ass, the sound echoing off the walls. Dean cried out, biting his lip once again in a poor attempt at keeping the sound from spilling, and with his face now visibly red tried to glare at Cas. He repositioned his slightly stinging hand back to where it had been on Dean’s hip and gently guided Dean towards where he wanted him to be.
As soon as they had been comfortable, Benny and Dean had started exchanging stories and gave updates on what was new in their lives. Benny had also asked the twins a lot of questions to get to know them better while sipping on his drink, which was – judged by Jimmy – not as bad as he had assumed, and Castiel was happy to get to know the man that had been there for Dean for such a long time. He was a truly nice man, speaking excitedly of someone he’d met while making sure to throw a teasing remark into their conversation whenever he thought was appropriate to rile up Dean a bit, which had been really amusing.
“Because everywhere you go, heads turn to stare at you, Dean. They want you. And today, I couldn’t be there to tell them that you were ours. It drove me crazy.” Slowly, he walked towards Dean and Jimmy once more, his eyes locked on to Dean’s.
“I thought you were too exhausted for that because you’re all drowsy…” He had really thought so after he saw his blissed-out face.
Dean stepped to the side, giving way for Benny, who walked into their apartment with a big smile still directed at Dean before he let his eyes drift over to Jimmy and Cas. His smile turned genuine then and he greeted, “So, you must be the guys Dean can’t shut up about?”
He turned and met Dean’s eyes with a grin, asking, “Well, does it make you uncomfortable?” Even before the blonde started to speak, Cas could see a joke on the tip of his tongue, so he said, “Honestly.”
After that, Cas turned back to face Jimmy and nodded once, taking a seat at the edge of the bed and making sure that he didn’t sit on the cover so that Jimmy would have access to Dean. His excitement returned and he crossed the space between him and the bed and crawled on top, careful of Dean’s limbs. When he hovered above his sleeping boyfriend on his hands and knees, Jimmy took some time to admire his face. Its lines were soft and he looked unbothered, peaceful even, and he was so sweet and handsome, that it made his whole body vibrate with want and his skin prickle.
three times in a row because, as happy and excited as Sam and Charlie had been after winning their game, the two of them were still super bad losers and their pouty faces were priceless.
When Cas dove underwater and surprised Dean once again, coming up right in front of him and making him laugh, the blonde tipped his head forward with a smile and kissed Castiel, chuckling against his lips. The spot they were currently standing at was shallow enough for them to stay upright in and Jimmy was even able to see how Dean wrapped his legs around Cas underneath the water as Castiel pulled him in and placed his hands underneath his asscheeks to hold him up like this as they continued to kiss soundly.
“I don’t know…” Jimmy shrugged once, meeting Dean’s eyes. “I guess. I’ve just never had sex or anything where the other couldn’t see. What if I wanna look into your eyes to make sure you’re fine but they’re shielded?”
Dean snorted once and met Jimmy’s eyes from where his head rested in his lap, smiling. “Like your fetish for fucking me while I’m asleep?”
“Yeah, positively so. Benny said the show was hot and stimulating. A pair came up to me and told me that they really liked that our dynamic was caring and gentle. They said that watching us engage like this was something they’ve only rarely seen in public and that it had been very exhilarating to watch.” Dean smiled faintly, lifting his head and meeting Cas’ gaze dead-on. His boyfriend’s eyes were dark and intense as they licked over his skin, a playful smile gracing his pale lips, and after a moment, he zipped their bag closed and rasped, “A few other people told me that that was what they were looking for in a Dom/Sub dynamic, one submissive told me that it was cute to watch you drift off this fast, another one said that she liked the Master and slave dynamic a bit more but still enjoyed our scene. She even went as far as told me that she’d been wet all throughout it and that she hadn’t been the only one.”
Smiling cheekily, Sam answered, “I could, you know. I just pretended that I couldn’t so I wasn’t the one responsible in case we started a wildfire.” He seemed to have forgotten about his previous turmoil and was back to being the open and happy brother.
Castiel went silent then, his expression changing from anger to one of sympathy and understanding. His eyes were fond and Jimmy knew Castiel felt the same as he did.
And yes, the things Jimmy said sounded plausible and even right, but Cas couldn’t be sure. It could have been anything that had triggered Dean’s anxiety during the scene, even if it had just been for a mere second. And as a Dom, it was Castiel’s job to make sure that something like this didn’t happen, that his Sub was safe and taken care of. Add the fact that Dean was still more out of it than he usually was at this point and the realization that Cas had had pretty possessive and dark thoughts during the last round, and it resulted in him being worried and feeling bad.
“That was so relieving to hear. Knowing that I wasn’t fucked up in the brain and, while it was one of my deeper needs, there were other people out there that needed it too or had a kink for it. I wasn’t alone out there and it made me feel so good. After a while, I got so curious about it, that I visited a club when I was eighteen.
Sam directed his best bitchface at Dean and deadpanned, “Well, a student is only as good as their teacher, so… guess I got that one from you.”
“Really? You’d wear it to work and in public for us?” His voice was breathy and low and Cas tried to quell his excitement but it was hard.
He doesn’t know how long he screams, just that, even to himself, it’s the most hurtful and soul-tearing sound he’s ever witnessed.
Kissing Dean was as easy as breathing and Jimmy felt like he needed it as much as he needed to fill his lungs, but no matter how much they protested, he didn’t part from Dean until he started to feel lightheaded. Though when he did, his eyes immediately fell upon the dark circles underneath Dean’s, and it was like a shock to him to see the way his shoulders were slumped and how tired he looked. Now his chest hurt with the desire to protect and love him, to make that fatigue go away.
Wordlessly, Castiel crouched on the tiles in front of the tub and reached his arms out toward Dean, starting to stroke his bare back. He looked shortly at Jimmy, his face contorted with sympathy and worry, and raised his eyebrows in question before bending down and placing a soft kiss on top of Dean’s shoulder, whispering, “Hey, sweetheart.”
“Oh,” Dean hummed quietly, leaning in to kiss him again. “Well, if you don’t mind, I’ll be taking a nice shower now and then I’ll take a nap.” He placed one more kiss on Jimmy’s lips before taking a step back and grinning at him wickedly.
“Then tell him!” It came out louder and harsher than he had wanted – Castiel was at the brink of losing his patience and control over his emotions. It must have intimidated Dean because, suddenly, he went stiff in his arms and didn’t answer. So, he tried again, his voice more patient and calmer now when he said, “I apologize, Dean. It’s just– this is very important. Communication is everything in a scene. Tell him to use the color system with you. Green go, yellow slow down and red stop. And I know I don’t have a say in that, but if he doesn’t change, he could seriously endanger your health, physically and mentally. You should consider looking out for a partner that suits you better.” Castiel felt like overstepping his boundaries, but he needed to make Dean understand. It was one thing to let him go at the end of this night again, but knowing that he would give Dean into incapable hands was another thing entirely.
He slowly let his right hand wander to Castiel’s left knee right next to Dean’s hip since Castiel still had this leg hanging from the couch, foot resting on the floor. The touch made Cas shudder with arousal and he locked his eyes onto Dean’s and teased, “Did he?”
Swallowing around the lump in his throat, Jimmy argued, “But he was crying, Cas. And this time it wasn’t because we spent hours taking him apart, or because of anticipation or the need to be touched, to come. It wrecked his whole body and I saw what it did to him, how much pain it caused him every time your brutal hit landed on his abused flesh! That was just cruel…”
“Suspension,” Castiel answered simply, bringing the rope back to the front to cross the lines there and repeat the step one more time. “I was so fascinated by the art of shibari and kinbaku and the things you could create with rope, that I wanted something… more. Something my Subs could wear or even do when I wasn’t with them to remind them that I was always there. That my control was absolute.”
“Dean! Hey, we’ve missed you this morning.” She was wearing sweat pants and one of Sam’s oversized t-shirts, rubbing her face as she held a glass of water in the other hand. Sam didn’t look any different.
Smiling brightly, Castiel had a hard time keeping his heart from jumping out of his thorax. “You’d want that?”
Shaking his head as if in disagreement, Dean mumbled, “No… ‘m gonna let you down… I’m gonna…” while his breathing picked up again and he started to practically gasp for air.
Christmas turned out to be great. Sam got to see his brother happily smiling again and he felt so content having him around with Jess being there as well. They seemed to have a connection, to understand each other, and it filled Sam with joy to see them joking around, even if it was at his own expanse. He was glad they managed to cheer Dean up again.
Once he handed Cas and Dean the stainless steel, he nestled back into his spot at his boyfriend’s left side and curled up against him so that their shoulders were brushing and touching each other from hip to knee since their thighs were pressed together. Then he reached for his plate and rested it in his lap just like Cas and Dean were doing and dug in as well.
Next to them, Jimmy reminded Cas of the time with a soft voice, combing his fingers through the tips of Dean’s hair with affection. They still had forty minutes to take a quick shower, get dressed, and have a quick breakfast, which was their new normal and all the time they needed. After all, they had a good reason to set their alarms thirty minutes earlier than they had before, now that they lived with Dean and could indulge in some pretty energizing and wonderful morning ‘workout.’
“What about you? I’ve never seen you here before and I’m sure I’d remember a stunning face like yours.” The words came flooding out with the rest of the sentence entirely without his permission and Castiel was internally slapping himself for letting it slip.
If Castiel would’ve opened his mouth just now, they’d been able to hear the way Dean made him howl with the way he slammed his body down on his dick and dragged his tight channel up again, probably making sure to clench extra hard all the way up if Cas had to guess. He knew Dean far too well, after all. And he also knew that Dean’s thighs were already starting to burn and that he’d feel today’s sex in his knees the next morning still, and the thought plastered a fat grin on Castiel’s lips because he loved when their boyfriend still felt it the day after and was inevitably reminded of the sex they had.
The last thing he remembered doing was mumbling something like “the funniest” before slumber took him in.
Dean complied without hesitation and laid down flat on his stomach in the direction of the beam, angling his face to the side so that he could still see what was happening. His beautiful compliance made Cas pause his movements and he looked at Jimmy, seeing the desire in his eyes, then grabbed the hook and the longest piece of rope and tied it to the end of the steel, extending his hand to Jimmy and saying, “Tie this end around the beam, make sure it’s a tight knot.”
Dean gasped quietly, watching Castiel’s hand dip even further between his legs and stroke his inner thighs boldly and with a firm touch. Then, his fingers slowly made their way up, traveling back to where he first started, and Dean tensed as Cas slid his hand along the outline of his hardening cock before cupping his bulge and holding it firmly – almost too firm with the cockring on – in his warm and huge palm. He was holding his breath but Dean wasn’t sure if he’d even been able to breathe if he wanted to – what, with him feeling like his breath was stuck in his throat – and he felt dizzy and lightheaded. Add to that his fast stiffening cock and Dean felt like he might burst any moment.
He was starting to go into subspace faster now and Dean knew there wasn’t much time left. He was drifting, his mind already going to that space where he was allowed to just exist and float. A smile was spreading his lips and a part of him was sure it must have looked pretty lazy to his boyfriends but the rest of him didn’t care at all.
With a soft little smile, Cas said, “sweetheart,” at the same time as Jimmy blurted out, “baby,” his sleep-addled mind obviously failing to function properly at that moment.
“Gr–nngh… green, Castiel!” The blonde groaned unabashedly, letting his head dangle between his arms and breathing harshly, as Cas slid his cock up and down his cleft twice before aligning himself with his hole and keeping still as his blunt head pressed against Dean’s open rim.
Shaking his body slightly, Cas rasped, “Dean? You were so good, so fucking fantastic. You always are. And you did everything we wanted you to because you’re such an amazing submissive and we love you for that. But not just for this,” he pressed a kiss to his forehead, “We love everything about you, Dean.”
Smiling brightly, Cas let his hand travel from Dean’s neck down between his shoulder blades along his curved spine, making Dean’s eyelids flutter once more. It was amazing to watch how much of an impact on his body Cas’ light touch had. “Explain it to me, then.”
“To be completely at your mercy,” he whispered and it sounded like a confession but also as a symbol of trust and loyalty, and Castiel and Jimmy knew to be thanking the Heavens that Dean was giving it to them.
The memory of that day had his cock throbbing, drooling pre-cum all over the sheets, and he moaned, thrusting his fingers deeper into his hole while thinking about the times they’ve gotten a bit experimental with positions. Sure, they had tried stuff like ‘bowstring on a chair’ or the standing ‘butterfly’ – Dean didn’t know why he knew the names of them – but the position that he really liked was one where he’d been laying on his stomach, legs straight and spread, and Jimmy had gotten down on top of him between Dean’s legs, facing the other direction. Moving had been a real task, but Jimmy had managed to go pretty deep propped up on his hands, rolling his hips into him while Dean had grabbed Jimmy’s ankles and just taken it, feeling Jimmy’s balls drag along his cleft with every thrust.
Once he assured Cas that he was fine, Jimmy sat down and watched as Dean’s knees pulled up again and dropped to each side, opening up to his Dom. The sight was absolutely stunning and he already felt his body trying to get aroused again.
Dean’s hands moved rapidly to his fly, fingers nimble and deft as he started undoing his belt buckle, button, and zipper, and Jimmy sighed as the pressure in his pants loosened. Once they were opened, Dean gripped Jimmy’s waistband with a playful grin and tugged it slowly down his thighs before his underwear followed, pulling it down just enough to free his hardening cock and get it out right there in the stall of this fancy restaurant like there was nothing more he would rather be doing.
Dean broke his train of thoughts by asking, “Why me, though?” and Castiel blinked a few times, thinking.
“But it has to be,” Dean argued softly, his voice still deep enough to make a point, “because you know I’m fucking up for it. Every time I think about it, I get horny. I might be a sexual submissive but that doesn’t mean I will break if you touch me. I’m not dainty, I’m not delicate. I like it dirty and rough and kinky and I like to be manhandled and slapped around, so the next time I fall asleep and you’re still horny, or next time I’m still asleep when you’re horny, I want you to use me.” Castiel watched Jimmy swallow thickly at the words, his eyes dark. He had long stopped stroking Dean’s hips, too caught up in what their boyfriend was saying. “Use me as a fuck toy. Like I was made to make you come, do whatever you want. When I wake up, I wanna feel used and dirty in every way imaginable, ‘cause hell… if I wake up to your dick inside of me or anything else, you’ll be making my day.”
Jimmy quirked a brow at that and asked, “Really? So why weren’t you? I mean, you sure are the biggest tease I’ve ever slept with and I know now that you’re totally into dirty talk – the way you just…
After they calmed down from their amusement, they fell into comfortable silence and finished preparing the sticks, the salad, and the bread on sticks. By the time they were done with that, it was already past seven and the sun had set, so they all decided to start collecting their stuff and carry it to the beach.
“Not really,” Dean shrugged and averted his eyes, mumbling, “but I thought suspension would be nice…”
The deafening silence seemed to be enough of an answer to Benny, who closed his eyes with a heavy sigh, whispering, “You care too much about other people and not enough about yourself, Dean. He doesn’t deserve to get away with something like that so easily…”
And then he was gone, leaving Castiel behind with the promise to come back and the memory of his lips against Castiel’s. He didn’t know how long he just stood there and waited, but it was obviously long enough to make him think Dean wouldn’t return. That wouldn’t have been the first time he got turned down, but he never cared before. Now, it just felt like Dean had taken something precious from him and disappeared with it, leaving just half of Castiel behind.
His voice was jittery and choked-off, and Jimmy hurried to make him feel better again and assured, “I don’t. It’s just hard for me to understand what you’re feeling and thinking… what it is that makes you need this. It’s hard, Dean.”
“I knew one thing for sure, though. That I was aroused. My dick was hard and leaking and my breath had quickened, especially so when Alastair grabbed my ankles to change the position and slammed into me at such an angle, that I saw stars behind my eyes and screamed with pleasure, even though most parts of my body hurt. And then Alastair’s thumbs pressed into my windpipe and I came. I fucking came while struggling to stay conscious as Alastair still pressed down on my windpipe and cut off my air supply. I just came… and when black crept in at the edges of my vision, I slapped Alastair with my hands, flailing and trying to get him to stop, but after a while, my arms just got too heavy, and Alastair was still fucking me… and I blacked out.”
Smiling brightly, Dean shook his head and assured, “It’s totally fine in here, Cas. Really, I’m ready.”
On his way back into the center of the chairs, Dean dropped the blanket teasingly and as soon as it hit the ground, all coherent thought left Jimmy’s brain just like that. He almost moaned just at the sight of his lover, wearing nothing but white lace panties that had a heart-shaped cutout on his ass and a white stripe right above his crack that was adorned with a pink bow. They brought out his round ass perfectly, set it on display, and accentuated his waist. And when he turned around to show Jimmy his front and Cas his back, Jimmy couldn’t hide his amused smile at hearing his twin gasp audibly – because,
Jimmy’s expression was a mix between shock and surprise, his eyes wide and unbelieving. “You… you, Castiel Novak, took another guy to your place to have sex with him without knowing him longer than, what, an hour?”
Thinking, Cas answered, “I’m not sure. I think they’re beautiful but I don’t think I’ll ever be able to decide the motive, and if I did find one, I wouldn’t be sure if I’d still like it ten years later or even the next day. And I know it’s reversible, but I’d rather put that money somewhere else than waste it.”
