John sighed again, smiling as he took it. Sherlock was right – he’d stayed awake and mostly alert since that morning, and though he was pleased he’d gotten to enjoy so much of the day, it had still taken more out of him than he’d have liked to admit. Sherlock pulled him up to standing, and John let himself be led to the bedroom by Sherlock’s hand resting gently at the small of his back. Always supporting him. Always guiding him.
Sherlock blinked. Whatever he’d been expecting Mycroft to say, it wasn’t that.
at this devastatingly handsome man without saying anything for several seconds, and forced himself back into the present, clearing his throat.
“The usual,” John replied, shrugging. “Oh – but I
The teacher’s voice rang out, and the auditorium rumbled with cheers. The curtain parted slowly, and Sherlock looked out at the black chasm beyond the blinding lights.
John stepped forward, standing just feet from Sherlock now. “Of
The audience was cued to applaud, and did so quickly, and Sherlock snuck in a quick wink at the camera zooming out on him, the one that John was standing behind.
“It’s okay, we’ll go to the airport,” Dad said quickly at his side. He slung his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezed reassuringly. “Come on, I’ll drive really quickly!”
“Holy infant…”
Sherlock gulped down too much of his coffee, the inside of his mouth burning. “No, I don’t. Sentiment?”
Sherlock gasped out loud. His knees were about to give out. John noticed and took the opportunity to grab him by the shoulders and hold him steady.
The twinge of annoyance in John’s chest was snuffed out under the gloom that settled over him like a dark cloud.
“Please, between the two of us we’ll find the answer, and it won’t hurt anymore,” he said, desperately.
“All this time,” John whispered. “Every moment, since the day we met…but I never thought –”
it in Sherlock’s eyes.
John looked back at him, wistfully.
Understanding swelled darkly in John’s mind. This had to be Sherlock’s brother.
“He’s
“Just say you’ll stay with me,” he whispered. The words dug into John’s chest and buried themselves behind his ribs.
“Sorry.” John looked over the crowd, dazed, hardly seeing them. “A man’s got to do what a man’s got to do.”
“Come on, love,” John whispered imploringly. He shifted his hips to take in more, urging those long slender fingers to touch all the places within him where he’d been aching for Sherlock.
John quirked an eyebrow upwards. “So?”
Not only did John making the necessary rounds mean that Sherlock wouldn’t have to do it, it also meant that they probably wouldn’t stay too long after that. That was good – it meant they would leave before either of them stopped enjoying themselves.
“That first night – our first case.” Sherlock could feel his own eyes filling now. “I’ve loved you ever since.”
The smile Sherlock was wearing made John’s heart lodge itself in his throat. By any definition it
for Mia, no,
“Alright,” John said excitedly once they were out in the corridor, reaching down to squeeze Sherlock’s hand. “Ready to play the game?”
Sherlock’s smile softened, adoration shining out of every pore.
Sherlock froze for a fraction of a second – the pit in his stomach swelled at the nervousness that had crept back into John’s tone, and he desperately hoped he wasn’t about to apologize for it again.
“Hey, hey, Sherlock…” John murmured, hushed. “It’s alright.”
“We’ll have to get you some different painkillers,” Sherlock declared, watching him intently from where he was perched on the coffee table. “The ones they’ve got you on are hurting you more than they’re helping.”
“Your ‘cute British accent’?” he said, slowly.
of you, John. This was supposed to relax you, but look, you’re all wound up again.”
Molly’s face clouded over with guilt for a moment, but she steeled herself again. “Well, if it’s been a while that’s probably a good sign – it means they’ve probably got him a transfusion, and they’ll be at the very least beginning surgery, though how it will go will depend on how badly he got hit and which internal organs–”
Sherlock had grabbed onto a couple soggy pages, holding them out of the water.
“I love you.” Sherlock said again, barely louder than a whisper of air. “Don’t ever leave me here alone.”
“I know – I seems an insane person,” John went on, breathlessly. “Because I hardly knows you.”
John’s breath was coming in incrementally faster, his eyes hooded and his pupils blown wide. With unsteady hands he began to undo the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt, slowing as he went to let himself melt into Sherlock’s touch. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, occasionally capturing his lips as he fumbled his way down his torso.
“I think you’re referring to… ‘If you really love Christmas…’?”
baritone rumble from low in his chest made electricity spark across John’s skin at every point they were touching. “Good?”
“Fair enough.” John turned the page of his book. “And I guess that makes Harry that awful Susan, even though she’s younger.”
Sherlock reached out and took the flowers, and then leaned in as John stepped forward to close the gap between them. Their lips met, and it was soft and uncoordinated because they were still smiling too wide, and that only made them laugh harder as they tried again, and again, until at last they sank into each other, not feeling the chill trickling in through the open door. Sherlock flung his arms around John’s shoulders, the bouquet clutched against John’s back, and John pulled him closer with one arm snaking around his waist and the other clutching at the fabric of his dressing gown, feeling the warmth of his body chase out the darkness, the last vestiges of doubt.
John sucked in a long shaking breath, then cast around for his broken Portuguese.
“And please, for the love of God, bring me back a
is all was in this moment.
“Exactly,” John said, thrilled he’d got it. “Those Wisconsin girls won’t know what’s coming for them.”
John was panting, fighting the urge to grind against Sherlock’s thigh. “Drunk enough to know that I want this,” he offered, breathless. “You?”
Sherlock’s answering smile lit up the quiet street.
He said nothing – just looked at him, taking in their last moment, and let whatever was written on his face be seen there.
John’s sigh of wondering relief echoed through Sherlock’s entire body. “Oh God, yes.”
“Let’s hope it’s the latter!” said the host, as a few people let out cheers. “And now, here it is, number one, from Sherlock Holmes –”
with half a brain. Sherlock was doing his best to get them through it as quickly as they could so they could retreat back home sooner, but it was a difficult task when both the stores
He paused for a split second as he swung open the door. He was never quite prepared for what he saw on the other side, though he’d had plenty of time to get used to it. But still, there was Sherlock, so much paler and thinner than he had any right to be, perched on the sofa with a book and running a hand through his stringy curls. John supposed he should be glad that the radiation hadn’t taken
But maybe the problem wasn’t him. Maybe it was with the girls. Everyone here was so dressed-up and stoic, John thought, as a group of ladies came over to him to investigate his tray. They had their chins tilted up with confidence, and were so engrossed in their conversation that it would have felt mad to try to talk to one of them. They just felt so closed-off, and uninviting.
The ground to a halt immediately, whipping around to stare at him with terrified expressions.
He spun around at the foot of the stairs and shuffled sideways through a couple of doorways, his legs bent wide, his arms pumping by his sides. So
A few deep voices laughed on either side of them. Sherlock let himself smile.
look guilty.
“…you.”
John’s teeth were clenched tight, his forehead pressed into Sherlock’s collarbone, and Sherlock, head whirling in endorphins, came back to himself just enough to feel John’s arm tighten around his torso, his hips pump sharply once, twice, and then he was coming too, spilling hotly and perfectly into Sherlock, stifling his broken cries into Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s name on his lips with each ragged breath.
“Oh,” John muttered. “Well – great.”
John’s eyes widened, anxious again.
, Sherlock thought.
on it, followed by a tiny drawing of a heart.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked urgently up to his. “Don’t. Don’t apologize.” There was something desperate in his eyes, even though his voice was firm, and he smoothed his hand up John’s side, soothing him. Grounding him.
“Welcome, Prime Minister,” he said.
This chapter features the story originally starring eleven-year-old Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) and Joanna (Olivia Olson).
Sherlock couldn’t take it, so overwhelmed was he by how much he
“Of course.” Mrs. Hudson smiled as she slung Sherlock’s coat over her arm. “I’ll see if I can’t do something about this stain.”
“Thank you again,” Sherlock said quietly, pulling back. “For coming here.”
Sherlock looked himself up and down one more, gave a quick little nod, then grabbed the large wrapped package from the chair beside the wardrobe and swept from the room.
And then he closed it again, mentally retreating.
John’s hands grasped onto Sherlock’s forearms, holding himself upright.
“Well, I suppose I’d better do the duty round,” John said at his side.
look pleased.
A dry sob burst from Sherlock’s throat; his hands had gone still.
“Alone again,” he muttered to himself. “Naturally.”
Sherlock flinched hard, clenching his hands in front of his face and squeezing his eyes shut.
They kissed slowly, languidly, neither of them knew how long, blissed out and comfortable, their heads perfectly clear, with nowhere to go nor anything better to do. Sherlock would have been content to stay like this all night, kissing a warm, sated John until the sun arose over the glass-panelled buildings outside. But their movements were growing slower, their kisses longer and lazier, and Sherlock could feel fatigue creeping into the slump of John’s shoulders just as surely as he felt his own eyelids grow heavy. Still, he held John close for as long as he could, touching as much of him as he could reach, letting the moment stretch on, sweet and perfect, for as long as it would last.
“Mmm, oh, Sherlock,” John murmured against him.
Sherlock felt like he was standing on a tightrope high above the ground. Any move in any direction could send him plummeting.
Sherlock’s lips parted in a tiny gasp. His hands tightened on the railing.
“Bottom of the second drawer,” he said. He looked down, examining the pattern wrapping around his sleeve. “Underneath a few of your old jeans.”
And all of a sudden, the word around John seemed to lurch to a halt.
“It just, meant a lot to me, because,” and here Sherlock put on his very best crooked smile, letting it reach his eyes. “You’re really hot.”
The nursed finished with the bag and nodded at them as she backed out of the room; she closed the door behind her as she left.
“Oh, of course,” Sherlock said, finishing off C-K-S, then spinning around with a flourish.
Sherlock leaned forward, settling his arms on either side of John’s head, rather closer than before.
He managed to choke back the remainder of his sobs with a strangled noise from somewhere at the back of his throat.
Sherlock let John finish the chapter, sipping his tea until he got down to the dark dregs at the bottom. When John sighed happily and put the book down again, marking his page, Sherlock threw the blanket off himself and got up, extending his hand.
A door above him suddenly slammed, and John jumped. Sam was coming down the steps, slowly, like he was dragging his feet. John stood still against the sink as he came in the kitchen, suddenly flooded with anxiety.
that laughter could make John melt just on its own. Low, rumbling, smooth as chocolate. It made him give out another little moan, and sink into the feeling, relishing every luxurious rub, every sensual touch.
He continued stroking, stoking the white-hot flame in John’s abdomen and making it crackle up to his chest, lighting him up from the inside. He worked John open torturously slowly, spreading his fingers apart gradually with every stroke until he could scissor them properly, and each delicate movement made John gasp and tremble until he was a desperate writhing mess beneath him.
John froze.
“What are you doing here, John?” Sherlock asked, and there was an unbearable current of sadness in his voice. He sounded utterly devoid of spirit, and all at once flashes burst in John’s mind of all the things he’d said, all the ways he’d tried to stop John from leaving. And all the ways John had shot him down with crudities he didn’t believe, letting himself just be swept along in the joke.
Sherlock blinked down at him once, twice, and the moment stretched on until John felt like he could have gotten lost in it, could have frozen to the spot where he stood –
how awful it is…”
Sherlock made a move to stand up, to move toward him, but John stopped him suddenly with a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock looked around questioningly, and John indicated with a single jerk of his head toward the window.
sound that made Sherlock feel even more disheartened.
“How…” Sherlock broke from John’s lips with a low gasp. “How do you want me?” He blinked his eyes open; his pupils were blown wide. “Like this, or…?”
Sherlock choked out a single sob against John’s skin.
“John,” he gasped out in surprise.
Sherlock glanced up – the woman at the counter was taking her time, searching her bag for her boarding pass.
A horrible, constricting dread surrounded Sherlock’s heart and squeezed it viciously, and for a moment he wished she wouldn’t say anything more. That she’d walk off, and he could go back to that desperate abyss where he would go completely insane, but at least he would never have to deal with what she could be about to tell him.
Mercifully, at that moment the entry door opened, followed by a blessedly familiar voice.
, he was
“He’s not here. He’s at work.” Mr. Holmes grabbed his coat from its hook next to the door. “Come on, I’ll take you.”
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered, soft and fiercely reverent. “I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you…”
John let his hands roam up and down Sherlock’s back, pulling him in and deepening the kiss, letting his weight above him wash through all of his senses. He was so warm, and so soft and gentle in his movements; he was touching John with something like reverence, his hands drifting down his sides to his hips like he was made of precious stone.
“How’s the pain?” Sherlock asked as he pulled back, keeping himself near John’s lips, his breath warm and sweet.
Sherlock pulled him towards him with a gentle grip on his shoulder, urging him to lie back with his head on Sherlock’s knees.
“Here,” he said as he broke off. He stepped back to set the book almost reverently on the side table next to his chair, then dug inside his jacket for a moment before withdrawing a small, square box, wrapped in gold paper.
John bent to press another chaste, reassuring kiss to Sherlock’s lips, and then picked up the bottle of lube from where it had fallen onto the sheets. He poured out a generous amount onto his palm and slicked his fingers, then repositioned himself between Sherlock’s legs, continuing to cradle Sherlock’s face with his other hand and smooth gently along his jaw.
, there’s a chance he might actually fall in love with me.”
“Shit,” John said, sighing and shaking his head. “Can’t believe I just said that. And
Slowly, Sherlock blinked open his eyes, and the John that appeared looked younger than Sherlock had ever known him – lines smoothed out, lips upturned and parted, eyes sparkling with joy and wonder that made the breath leave Sherlock’s lungs in a low rush.
the sender had begun, the crossed it out and written:
The DI looked a little confused, but was immediately overpowered by relief. “Alright then, that is all we will need from you two. You’re free to go.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, hushed, a glint of worry still sparkling in his irises.
But he was hardly looking at the view outside. His gaze was fixed on Sherlock, how the ripples of fabric on his shirt smoothed out as he straightened up.
clue that could point them in the right direction. Only hours after the sky had gone dark was Sherlock finally forced to admit that they wouldn’t find anything more here, and they’d have to start again with interviewing the victim’s relatives and old friends in London. And both he and John were far too tired to drive their rented car all the way back tonight.
“Well, thank goodness I get to hear about your increasingly pathetic attempts to find true love, otherwise I might never get through the day.”
It probably wouldn’t work. Every ounce of logic said he’d be back home tomorrow, same as he’d always been.
“Don’t – no, stop!” he croaked around it weakly. “It’s all just rubbish…”
And then, with such a sudden burst of relief it surprised even him, a smile was pulling at his lips. A shining reprieve that washed everything else away, and brought him back, carried him home.
“I’m sorry if our line was firm, but there’s no point tiptoeing around today and then just disappointing you for the next four years.”
John watched him, his lean, dark figure getting smaller and smaller, before he disappeared out the office door, which swung shut behind him with a quiet
He tore his eyes away from John, looked back at the blank screen.
A wave of nausea surged up through his stomach, and Sherlock swallowed it down with a gulp, clenching his teeth to stop himself from retching.
Mycroft was silent for a few seconds – no doubt scanning Sherlock for what was really going on – but then said nothing but a brief, “certainly.”
to me, Sherlock, you have to know –”
Each time they got on set – sometimes with them pressing each other against the ornate, gilded wall, or with John sat in the velvet chair and Sherlock straddling his lap – John would mentally work himself up to it.
Sherlock leaned on the doorway, staring out into the grounds.
The outline of a tall, emaciated man stumbled through the door and fell on its knees in front of the fireplace. Orlova reached in and fumbled with the lock, his hands visibly shaking, his breath coming in ragged gasps that echoed like gunshots in the previously silent room.
“And, unfortunately, we’re very late.” John said, apologetically.
Elton’s so I could come here and tell you –” And now Sherlock’s eyes had snapped shut, and he drew a deep breath in through his nose, trying to stem the tide that he knew was about to break loose from him.
With his arms laden with shopping bags, John had to fumble a bit with his key before the front door of 221B swung open.
“I’m glad we weren’t driving in this,” Sherlock said softly. He stared out the window, trying to track the storm. His naked silhouette, illuminated by a pale sliver of moon, was unearthly gorgeous.
15. “John, it’s alright.”
“Yeah, it wasn’t bad,” replied John. He was already in bed, propped against the pillows and reading some more of his book.
His hands explored the strong planes of his back, down to the dip at the base of his spine, his smooth skin like silk against John’s fingers, his breath warm and sweet against John’s lips, the curve of his arse deliciously firm as John let his touch drift down towards it –
He sighed, then moved to stand at the window. The radio beside the bed was tuned to an oldies’ station, and a slow disco beat was starting up. Sherlock gazed out into the darkness, rolling his shoulders back a little.
“Wait,” Sherlock said, sweetly. He’d dropped the teasing note from his voice. With his free hand, he rubbed slow circles on John’s lower back. “Let me take care of you.”
But Sherlock knew, and with gentle worshipful hands he worked John open, all the while continuing to dip in for gentle nips to John’s lips, drawing him out, guiding him through it.
And he even managed a watery smile of his own, as they pulled each other in for a kiss.
“No, no,” he said, placatingly. “I’m not busy.”
“Who cares, the food’s awful anyway,” Sherlock replied without looking up. “All the guests hate it.”
John’s face broke into a chuckle, and Sherlock instantly felt better. “That, too,” John admitted. He turned to look towards Sherlock again. “Just don’t go too far, okay?”
“I know, I know,” John whispered back urgently. “But I’m
Sherlock couldn’t stop fidgeting.
Sherlock rounded the corner. He was at the end of the security line. Straight in front of him, the gate stood tall, a guard framed in it as he passed his wand over a traveller he was checking.
And yet, not a second later, he was shaken out of the stillness by the sound of heavy footsteps hurrying after him.
John nodded his interest. “Do you ever do weddings?”
He craned his neck, to try to see Sherlock’s expression. He was a bit too far away to make out if any understanding had made it through.
John sank into Sherlock’s embrace and curled his fingers against Sherlock’s cheek as he kissed him so, so sweetly, and the gesture was so full of tenderness that Sherlock wanted to cry out. Instead he broke off with a gasp, gripping John to him as tightly as he could, and whispered a desperate “John,
“Really?” John pulled back to look at Sherlock, the corners of his eyes crinkling with laughter and no small amount of affection, radiating out of him as if he were simply unable to contain it. “You wouldn’t mind being away from home?”
favour in getting you into Baskerville, and now you will repay me in an absolutely
“It’s not
“Yes, you are.” Sherlock kissed him again, nipping softly at his bottom lip. “Lie down.”
John twisted some more, propelling himself right into Sherlock.
His throat seemed to seize up at the drawing, and he couldn’t speak, couldn’t tell Sherlock anything about how wonderful he was – but Sherlock, once more, seemed to understand, and the way he looked at John told him he didn’t need to say anything at all.
“I’m here.” Sherlock snapped back to himself, clearing the hoarseness from his throat. He moved quickly across the room and pulled the chair to the side of the bed, found John’s hand lying against the bedsheets and picked it up gently.
“How was rehearsal?” John asked, as he turned the chicken over in the pan.
A strangled, desperate sound escaped Sherlock’s lips, and he clutched at John’s hand - he was trembling faintly in his grip.
“Yes, is being my answer.”
“Come on, there’s room.” John shifted upward on the mattress, and held out his arm to him.
“Yeah,” said John, a bit breathlessly.
Sherlock was ready. He turned around his cards, displaying the text of the first one in his neat, looping handwriting.
“You were on the phone,” Sherlock pressed, and he didn’t mean to sound accusatory, but he thought there might have been an undercurrent of it despite his best efforts.
John stared down at the card.
John’s eyes widened. The look of shock was back.
Sherlock groaned low and wanton, and John smiled again, then lowered his head to nuzzle at the base of Sherlock’s cock through the fabric. He planted a kiss there, and then dragged his cheek up the side of it, his eyes falling closed as he did so, and it was so lewdly beautiful that Sherlock had to tilt his head back and steady himself with a gulping breath.
He had to admit he was starting to enjoy this a little. No one ever knew quite how to react around him anymore, and it was satisfying in a way he couldn’t explain, breaking the rules like this. Even as John’s words from the previous night still ran around in his head.
John stood there, still smiling, but with a tempered sort of quality. Subdued with – was it shyness?
for Mia, Sherlock. It wasn’t
Sherlock sighed – a tiny breath of air that ruffled John’s hair fractionally. Still, John could feel the anxiety in it.
True to his word, John drove Sherlock home in his rented car after he’d finished tidying up. He didn’t think he’d heard Sherlock say a word all day. Come to think of it, he didn’t think he himself had said anything since that morning either.
“Come on, John…”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock attempted to say in a regretful tone.
The ends of his lips twitched up, surprised, but genuine.
He felt the corner of Sherlock’s lip twitch upward microscopically. The hand not stroking through his hair was smoothing gently down his chest, down towards his hips, tracing the line of his pelvis down to his waistband. John shifted a little to allow him better access, but Sherlock was taking his time, fingers dipping gently in and out of his pants as he rubbed soothing circles along his hips.
“Hm?” Sherlock’s mind was still spinning, disoriented. “Oh – yes.” He said at last, and pulled the papers toward him.
Sherlock grinned. “No.”
“– since our parents have been gone, well, it’s sort of been my job to look after her.” John said in a rush. “Well, not my
Sherlock held the last card alone in his hands.
John sank into the mattress as the tremors coursed through them both. His hips twitched and sputtered, then finally stilled, and Sherlock was heavy on him again, panting against his neck.
“It was his wife,” Sherlock said curtly, not looking at either of them.
Sherlock smiled, nervously. “Goodnight.”
John considered his question carefully before he asked it. “How…
John’s lungs fill with water.
paperwork was just the opposite of what he needed. “I’d rather be stabbed again.”
“Even though you won’t be able to do anything to help?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock understood, and tugged at John’s hips, gently. John’s legs shook when he tried to raise himself up, but Sherlock quickly shoved a pillow underneath them for support. He pumped his fingers in and out, faster now, faster than the torturously slow tempo that had been building John up toward the edge for what seemed like
John continued his path down Sherlock’s chest, kissing down his sternum, across his stomach, laving over his navel and making Sherlock arch up into the contact. He moved over to nuzzle over his iliac crest, his fingers fumbling with Sherlock’s belt when his path was obstructed by clothes.
“Apart from one, tiny, baby little hiccup,” Dad said, clenching one of his hands into a fist.
“Ah,” John said, with a small grin.
“Well,” John said. His voice was tight and painful. “Goodbye.”
“You save me every single day, don’t you know that?” John murmured, pulling back to search deeply through Sherlock’s fathomless gaze. “Just by being with me, you save me. You’ve always done, since the very beginning.”
“Yeah, uh –” John started, then stopped. They probably didn’t have any of his usual beers here. He scanned the taps. No, they didn’t. He picked the first one he saw. “I’ll have a Budweiser, please.”
“Great, Just John.”
He pulled his tray out from beneath a couple who were reaching for the pâté, and set off towards her. He sidled up beside her, tray first, and put on his best flirtatious smile.
sort of look.
“I’m fine,” he said, stepping back. “I’ll just take a moment. Can you go get us a cab?”
Sherlock, to savour every brush of contact, each reverent touch and kiss and desperate whisper; he wanted to feel every flicker, every breath as Sherlock moved tenderly inside him, and he wanted it to
The dark mass in Sherlock’s chest gave a flash of irritation, and his head snapped up, but before he could say anything, Lestrade appeared at his side again.
John coughs and shudders, and Sherlock breaks himself out of his frozen shock and pulls him to roll over. He gasps and moans, nearly retches, empties his lungs, and
“Had to rent it out for a few days to pay for my ticket,” he lied. His ticket had been ridiculously cheap, given that he’d be landing in some empty, freezing state.
“No, no, of course not.” Sherlock’s voice broke again as he shook his head, his eyes falling closed. A hot wave of shame was flooding through his chest now where the emptiness had been. “I
“Belleville,” John finished for him. “It’s just around the corner.”
"Alright, just tea." He stroked down John's nape once and squeezed his shoulder gently as he stood. "Coming right up."
“And Bernie?” John said, now turning to face him. He folded his hands on his desk. “You’ll write a new essay?”
Sherlock watched him as he left, closing the door behind him. John’s footfalls echoed through the staircase as he climbed up to his bedroom, and Sherlock’s smile faltered only a little, his shoulders sagging only a fraction of an inch as his steps faded into silence.
Maybe it had been Dartmoor’s rolling hills and sky full of scattered stars. Maybe it had been the edges of adrenaline and fear still coursing through his shaking heart following the hound, the gunshots, the explosion. Or maybe it had been the five pints each that they’d downed at the pub in the Cross Keys afterward, urgently needing an escape.
Sherlock moved to close it again, but someone else had arrived – John, bearing some files. Sherlock ducked his head quickly and motioned for him to come in, watched him deposit his pile and collect the finished one from the desk while his mouth worked uselessly, trying to say something,
want help, or really
Sherlock’s eyes were flickering infinitesimally, searching John’s face but not daring to move. John thought he saw a slight twitch in his lips.
“Then a jealous former lover! What does it
All your comments are appreciated :)
He wanted to flee. He couldn’t bear Sherlock seeing him like this, hearing this conversation. It was so pathetic.
“His mistress, then.”
John moaned again, desperate. “Please…”
Saying it out loud made his eyes start to burn again – though this time he wasn’t sure if he could get them back under control.
The days crawled on past into weeks, horrifically slowly. It was almost a relief when Christmas Eve finally trudged in, and the prospect of a few days off lightened the weight in John’s chest a little. But only a little, because he knew he’d be spending most of them at the centre with Harry, and the rest of the time shut up in his flat, trying not to feel anything.
It washed over him soothingly in the feeling of warm cloth against his chest, his stomach, swiping gently around his soft cock – in the warmth of a body climbing back in beside him and pulling him close, tugging the sheets up around their shoulders in a soft cocoon.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, the fire crackling behind him in the grate. He had his laptop opened on his crossed legs, and he was looking up at John in surprise.
“Just – give me a little bit, yeah?” he said, desperate. “I’ll call you back, I promise – and then I’ll come over there.”
Sherlock nodded, then turned away to grab the mugs again.
“You know, Emma
Sherlock’s watch read 10:37 pm.
“You have news for us, I take it?” Sherlock said, his voice admirably even. But it made the dread welling up inside John mount higher and higher, and he wished, just this once, that Sherlock would beat around the bush a little.
“It’s a bit long,” she said. The scarf unrolled from her hands all the way to the floor.
a smile, but it was tempered with so much melancholy lining his brow it might as well have not been one.
“Sh-Sherlock…”
Panic seizes him at last, making him scream.
Sherlock’s breath was coming in sharp and fast.
“No,” John shook his head in agreement. “But really, it wasn’t that bad. I’ve barely thought about it since.” Then he paused, looking unsure again. “I just – you know…”
“Girlfriend?” he said, quickly, as if that could change the answer. “Three illegitimate but charming children?”
,” Sherlock went on. “If I reach number one,” he turned his head out towards the cameras with a mischievous grin. “I promise to sing a song, stark naked, on TV on Christmas Eve.”
Sherlock hummed in approval, lips twitching upward. “Feeling up to breakfast? I bought fresh bread from that bakery on Marylebone.”
John opened the old windows, and let the sunlight come streaming in.
“Ah – yep. Just John.” John sent a little grin back at him.
The audience, whether out of shock or amusement or genuine happiness, began to cheer. Sherlock’s smile brightened.
come down and have it in just a minute.”
John watched his every movement, as if he could memorize it.
He buried his face in his hands, rubbing hard at his temples.
“You settling in fine, then?” John asked her, genially. “Learning who to avoid?”
it was likely to be their last Christmas. At least the alternative meant he’d have been unaware, but the thought of that just made want to break down wherever he was standing when it hit him. There was no winning this one.
A rough chortle burst its way out of John’s chest, and he felt a wonderful second or two of light-headed-joy – but it vanished just as quickly when Sherlock’s laughter petered out into a groan.
Sherlock let out a small sigh, and nodded, once.
She opened the door for him, but as John stepped forward to leave, Sherlock appeared on the other side.
The fire was still burning bright and warm from when John had last stoked it. Outside, the sun was setting, tinging the sky a dull orange colour.
“Likewise.” John gave him a stiff nod as he came round to sit behind the desk. In his hands he was carrying a file folder, with the tab marked
John pulled him close, and the warmth that radiated from him was pure, blissful comfort. Sherlock's cold hands dipped underneath the hem of his shirt, then he slid them up to wrap around John’s strong body, feeling them warm instantly.
“Right,” John gasped out, managing to nod. “Good.”
Moriarty gone, Smith gone, the woman known as Mary Morstan gone. Sherlock spares no thought for any of them
He turned around to the other two, who looked crestfallen, and gave them a little nod. Carol-Anne was still leaning against the bar looking stunned, and her eyes followed him as he bent to retrieve his bag by her feet, then fled back through the door.
The sight buoyed him up somewhat, and he adjusted his headphones. “Start again.”
An age later, John, lightheaded with cathartic joy, felt Sherlock pull back, just a bit. He managed to open his eyes to see his tear-streaked face, shining and blurry through the moisture in his own eyes.
That lopsided smile was back on his face. John’s heart flipped over in his chest.
5. “If you saw my brother, you would understand why.”
Just a gentle touch, but purposeful. John closed his eyes. Sherlock’s lips were soft, and full, and they sent tiny sparks racing up John’s spine.
Sherlock gave a little chuckle, low in his chest. “Better than uni?”
Sherlock smiled, bent to kiss him on the cheek, then set off.
“Do you want to make a run for it?”
John’s panic halted in its tracks, and he sucked in a large breath of air.
Dad sighed, and though he looked defeated, he seemed to smile a little brighter.
Sherlock surged forward at the harsh, desperate sound that was John’s voice, at his gentle tugging at his shoulders. He let the tickets fall to the ground as he threw his arms around John, clutching tight to his back, his shoulders, whatever he could reach. He buried his face in John’s shoulder and let out a single, earth-shattering sob, letting himself expel his tears, tears of embarrassment, of joy, of heart-crushing relief that was spreading through him like a warm flame, chasing away the darkness.
It was beautifully maddening, and Sherlock felt heat start to pool at the base of his spine, but still John carried on slowly, his eyes half closed, his mouth stretched wide over Sherlock’s girth, the very picture of debauchery as he pulled Sherlock almost to the brink and then back again.
“I don’t need the things you can do for me right now, Sherlock,” he rasped out, brokenly. “I just need
He sighed a little, and dropped his arms. There was no sound but for the fluttering of the curtains in the sitting room, and a few birds chirping in the distance. It was completely serene. If there was ever a place to finally finish his book, it was here. He’d even dug out his mother’s old typewriter, so he wouldn’t have to bring his laptop with him. No distractions at all.
at Zach? Look at his eyes!”
There was no inkling of surprise in Sarah’s expression. She gave a little nod. “Thought as much.”
“Yeah,” he whispered. “
(See the end of the chapter for
He waited, not breathing, wondering if it would happen. As if he wished hard enough, somehow, something would hear him, and make all of it stop. If they could just
The backup singers were starting to look annoyed. The mixer was scowling. Sherlock sucked in a deep breath,
the soft brush of skin against skin, the ghost of it, hovering just millimetres away.
And as the guards herded Sherlock back through the airport, he knew.
“Over here,” Sherlock called out to him in a whisper. John’s eyes locked onto the chair and he crossed the space in two strides and crouched down beside Sherlock. He held his gun with both hands.
The two of them left for their honeymoon that same night, and Sherlock didn’t hear from John for two weeks. He
Even Harry only called him once. He stepped out onto the street to chat, and was able to talk her down in less than five minutes. He felt lighter than he had in months as he went back into the party, snagged another glass of champagne and moved over to chat football with Sarah’s husband. Things were going well tonight. Really,
Eventually, they were able to round up most of the sheets, and without getting bitten by any eels, too. Some of them were balled up and useless, but most of them would still be salvageable when laid out to dry. He’d only have to rewrite half a dozen pages or so.
“How do you feel?” Sherlock watched his face carefully for signs of distress. “Are you in pain?”
“Do you want to tell me about him?” Dad asked.
“I guess it’s some ironic industry rebellion or something,” John said.
Everything was Sherlock, and Sherlock was everything.
Sherlock touches his lips to John’s for the first time.
Mycroft’s face didn’t change as he turned and led Sherlock down the hall, but Sherlock swore he saw one of the suited men roll his eyes.
Sherlock was taken aback by the sudden change, but felt himself nodding, and John was grinning even more broadly in Sherlock’s direction, and then he was throwing open the door and jumping out of the car.
this girl being so close to him, or her two friends staring at him from behind like they wanted to jump him right then and there. All those weeks of planning and anticipation, and now that he was here it was
“They can wait, they won’t split up in five extra minutes,” Sherlock said, waving a hand dismissively. “And anyway, first things first.”
He’d probably sounded like a frightened child.
, and John tried to push back against it, but again, Sherlock held him firm.
, how
Suddenly though, John’s eyes widened, and Sherlock’s heart leapt to his throat as he realized where they were. John released his hand as if it had burned him, and even through the haze of Sherlock’s panic, he had to clench his teeth to stop himself from crying out at the loss of contact. He felt suddenly colder, his skin seeming to instinctively seek out the warmth of John’s touch, and he clenched his hand in his lap as he frantically looked around the room outside the glass windows.
“So was she,” Magnussen replied, in that gravelly Danish accent he’d never quite managed to lose. “Although, she would have been kind of lonely, I’m sure.”
“Then let it,” Sherlock had said in an unaffected voice, making John turn towards him with a sharp crease in his brow. “At least I won’t go down grovelling. Besides, this is the only way we have a chance in hell, and you know it.”
it,” John snickered, casting his gaze up toward the grey sky.
He stepped around the coffee table and sat next to Sherlock on the sofa. He folded his hands in his lap.
He raised his eyebrows, a little surprised, but replied: “Of course, sir,” and closed the door again, standing protectively outside it.
Sherlock practically jumped out of his chair and strode purposefully toward the door of the conference room, intending with every step to wrap his arms around John’s compact frame and snog him breathless – but suddenly he remembered where he was and stopped in his tracks.
“I want you to know,” John whispered softly as he pulled back to look at Sherlock’s face – at the unbearable depths of love swimming in those impossibly blue eyes. “I could never have asked for a better doctor.” He felt himself smiling gently, his heart pushing up against his throat. “You’re all I’ve ever needed.”
The laughter in the hallway rang out in his ears, but there was no picture to accompany it. Sherlock scowled in frustration and bounded up the stairs; he had no patience for his mind palace to fail him now.
The doctor nodded back and turned away to head over to the receptionist with a smile.
John flipped over a couple sheets and found nothing. The phone buzzed again, somewhere. Beside him, Sherlock had set the mugs down and was rifling around too.
But before he could, Sherlock let out a small sigh, and –
His phone buzzed.
It was a beautiful day, the crisp early winter sunlight illuminating the last golden leaves of autumn, and Sherlock hated it.
“How was today?” he asked.
“Then we can take him in.” John’s breath was rapid but steady against the side of Sherlock’s neck.
important
The realization doesn’t make his heart pound, or scream at him out of his rattling mind. It just makes the water cut deeper under his skin, a tiny little knives of ice burrowing into his every pore and all remaining air squeezing itself from him.
from the jewellery department that wasn’t for Sherlock, no way he could have really been buying from the display of necklaces right next to the watches –
“Sorry, sorry,” John stammered quickly, pulling back. Sherlock must have crossed behind him without him noticing.
John made an attempt to grin in return. He sank a bit more heavily onto the pillows, never taking his eyes off Sherlock.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock replied through his own broad grin. “I think it could be rather fun. You and I racing across the roofs of cathedrals, chasing crime lords through cobblestoned streets, public markets…”
He broke the kiss off gently, sighing in the space between them. “That was amazing.”
case, and quite a brilliant solve, as John had told him very thoroughly in the cab on the way back to the yard. The post-chase adrenaline was still coursing in his veins, and he was sated with bone-deep satisfaction that filled him at the close all the best cases, just inviting Sherlock to spend the next week or so basking in it. He’d even told Lestrade on the way in that he didn’t have to get him a Christmas present now – this had been more than enough.
“You don’t do relationships,” he finally said in a hoarse voice.
“This DJ.” Sherlock gestured vaguely at him. “What do you think? The worst in history?”
The choir chimed in all together, bodies swaying in time with their simple choreographed movements.
John looked after her, not particularly sorry, but frustrated all the same. What on
“Hey, maybe it’s not my fault,” he said, affronted. “Maybe it’s the problem with English girls!”
Sherlock’s gaze leapt to the box again. His fingers actually tingled in anticipation. Taking a deep, silent breath, he grabbed the edge of the gold paper and tore it apart with excitement, peeling off the tape to reveal…
He fell silent, abruptly. His father had elbowed him in the ribs.
“Obrigado,” he said, quietly.
“And then sometimes when he
He couldn’t tell if the gasp that tumbled out of his lips was from the tenderness in Sherlock’s words, or the fact that his beautiful violinist’s fingers had suddenly wrapped themselves around the base of his cock, smoothing over him gently.
It all felt like a cruel joke.
” he went on, but he was rolling his eyes, as if he was more amused than anything else. “– I’ve gone and said ‘shit’.
Sherlock blinked once, twice, an unexpected warmth spreading up through him.
He said it in a low, constricted voice, so much so that John’s mouth immediately snapped shut again, all traces of humour wiped from his face.
They made love that night. Or rather, Sherlock made love to John: hovering over him on shaking arms, touching him gently, kissing him hard, stroking him in all the places that made him gasp and shiver and moan – and all the while John could only cling on tightly, trying not to break open.
He can’t tell who moves first, because all that matters is that the next moment he’s holding John against his chest, gripping desperately at his soaked jacket as John buries his face in Sherlock’s neck.
John’s heart seized up in his chest. Sherlock was looking directly at him, his expression a mix of shock, confusion, and apprehension. Clearly, this possibility had never crossed his mind, and he was stunned beyond all measure.
“And of course,” she sighed, raising her hands in defeat and sliding off the desk. “Your mobile goes.”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. “I’d be the captain, obviously.”
“Well, I’m a little relieved,” he said, and he sounded it. Sherlock thought he must have been preparing for this conversation for days, running through it over and over in his mind.
“Okay, I’ll have a look.” His words were coming out far too quickly, tripping over each other. “But honestly, I think I deleted it, so don’t get any hopes up. Must go.”
Sherlock read the words slowly. When he finished, he read them again, certain he must not have seen it right the first time.
The bell chimed as Sherlock stepped into the foyer after him.
Sherlock was quaking too, even harder than John, tears dripping with abandon onto the collar of John’s jumper. John could do nothing but clutch him tighter, deeper, drink him in greedily and let him trickle in to fill in the cracks.
“Hey, kids,” he said, softer than before. “Here’s an important message, from Sherlock Holmes, to you.” He paused, schooled his face into something very serious, then said, quite deliberately. “Don’t…buy…drugs.”
Sherlock shoved his phone back in his pocket and swept into the police station, intending to do nothing of the kind.
“Alright, let’s go again!” called the director.
John cast his gaze downward as he took the phone back: now he
He took a deep breath in, and pulled the card away.
Lestrade’s face was admirably unimpressed as he looked up from the file he was going over with the new office assistant, Mia.
“No, nor am I.” John said with a wry smile. “But still, at least this one’s good-looking.”
“I have, indeed.” Sherlock grinned, and he pulled a large marker with a scribbled signature on it out of the pocket of his suit jacket. “It’s a personalized felt-tip pen.”
Sherlock paced back and forth in front of the dark window, the lights of the city below twinkling up through the settling mist.
Sherlock gave him a grin in return. His head was whirling a bit faster than, by all accounts, it should have been – but he shook it away and fell easily into step beside John.
Sherlock sagged a bit into his stool, sighing.
He hummed a few bars of it. He had no idea how the words went, even in the chorus –
” Sherlock’s heart raced into overdrive. “Stay awake, you’ve got to stay awake!”
He shook the pain away, peering around the office as he did, and saw with dismay that Sarah was standing by her secretary’s desk, looking straight at him.
John pulled in another shuddering breath, eased himself back. He needed to be steady now; he owed Sherlock that much.
“Listen, Sherlock…”
A huge fist suddenly wrapped around Sherlock’s lungs and squeezed all the air out of them with a painful jerk.
Sherlock let out a moan of his own, and reached down to tug at John’s pants. John lifted his hips, and Sherlock shucked them off in one fluid motion. Then he settled back down over him, the weight of him pressing John into the mattress, and slowly rutted their bare cocks together.
But he was running out of time. Christmas Eve, and their last shooting day, was coming quickly, and John didn’t know what he’d do if they finished and he couldn’t pluck up the courage to ask him. What would happen – they’d just say goodbye, and never see each other again? No, that wasn’t on. John couldn’t have that at
“You realized it was all around?”
– could taste them in every sweet slide of those soft lips against his own.
of that up,” John returned with a grin.
“Here, have a look at these,” he said.
Sherlock’s breathing was ragged; John could almost see him shutting his eyes against everything, and he dragged his hand back down toward his hip, rubbing soothing circles there.
Instinctively looking toward John as he paused for breath, Sherlock’s heart positively leapt at the sight of John smiling that familiar crooked smile, and gazing down at the pictures with something like wonder.
John sighed, and began circulating the food again, lost in his own thoughts. He should have been able to charm that girl in his sleep, but instead he’d been so amateur it made him want to cringe. What was
“What would I do without you?” John pressed the words into Sherlock’s skin, his voice heavy, needing Sherlock to feel them.
Janine smiled back at him. There was a knowing look in it that wasn’t doing anything for his still-startled nerves. He cast around for something to divert the conversation, eventually landing on the DJ’s station on the other side of the room.
Sherlock gave him a faint smile, and felt something glow in his aching chest.
it happen I could easily get Lestrade to fire her. That seemed to set her straight – although I might get Lestrade to fire her anyway, now that I think about it.”
He pursed his lips together, apologetically, then leaned over Sherlock and grabbed the phone from the nightstand.
John waited until he heard it click shut, then leapt out onto the sidewalk.
. Sherlock had even
The barest ripple of noise spread across the restaurant, then died out. Even the bartender was staring at him expectantly.
They lugged their bags up the stairs toward 221B, weariness from the day exuding out of both of them. Sherlock sighed gratefully as he dropped his suitcase just inside the sitting room door and peeled off his coat, hoping to expel the last twenty-four hours out of his system entirely.
Sherlock must have nodded – although he couldn’t feel himself making any movements – because the doctor withdrew his hand and rushed off through the doors.
“…and heaven knows a hip’s got nothing on you’ve been through, John, and
Sherlock flashed him a quick, nervous smile, then shrugged his hand away and dashed off toward the auditorium doors, his violin case clutched to his chest.
“I’d rather not,” he said, laying his hand over John’s and stopping his frantic movements. He gently took away the sponge, and turned him by the shoulders to face him.
Sherlock closed the card and put it down on the table, and stared at the snowman on the front. As if maybe the little cartoon could explain it all to him, and tell him it was real.
“So,” Sherlock said, his voice sounding a bit unsure again.
John trailed off. He blinked his eyes downward again.
“Just like that song,” John mumbled. “That old one…”
He hadn’t meant for it all to come spilling out like that, but it had, and somehow it hadn’t felt as massive as he thought it would. The way Sherlock was looking back at him – there was something in it that said he’d have listened to anything John needed to say.
The window opened into a large sitting room, with a door to the kitchen on one end and a large fireplace surrounded by leather chairs on other. Sherlock scanned the room as thoroughly as the light would allow, and seeing nothing out of place, slid through the window and closed it again, leaving it unlatched. He drew his weapon and, taking care to quiet his footsteps, moved about the room checking all possible hiding places. He reached into the fireplace and groped along the left wall, confirming the location of the safe with the discovery of three iron hinges in the back corner. Satisfied, and certain now that the room was clear, he retreated to a wide wingback chair in the corner and crouched behind it, digging deep in his pockets for the radio.
Perfect moments really weren’t that difficult to come by, he thought.
“I’ll be going,” came John’s voice, and it shocked Sherlock with how quiet it was.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. “And I’m sorry about all the cock-ups. Not my fault, my cabinet are absolute crap. We hope to do better next year. Merry Christmas to you.”
“Oh, I think we can do a little better than that.”
John’s grin split wide across his face, and he tried to lean in to kiss Sherlock again, but they were both laughing too hard to manage it.
Sherlock reached down, one hand cupping John’s arse greedily, the other deftly undoing his belt, pulling open the button and zip on his trousers. John pulled back from the kiss suddenly; worry was seeping into the creases around his eyes. “Wait, hang on, do you have-?”
Sherlock…”
“Are you John Watson’s husband?” she asked. Her voice was impossible to read.
The mass in John’s chest was expanding, pressing up against his ribs. Something was wrong.
“It has been –
“I love you,” Sherlock whispers again, because he’s said it now and he’s said it finally and he never wants to stop. “I’ve always loved you.”
“Hear, hear,” came a voice from down the table, but Sherlock gave a little laugh under his breath.
“Breathe, sweetheart. That’s it.” John kissed Sherlock lightly again as Sherlock inhaled shakily. Slowly, so slowly, John worked his finger in up to the knuckle, coaxing and encouraging Sherlock all the time. Low spikes of pleasure shot through Sherlock at the feeling, warmth beginning to pool in his belly as his breath came back to him.
no!” John blurted out. His heart was hammering in his ears. “I mean,
“N-no.” Sherlock pushed himself out of his bewilderment enough to lay a tentative hand on Molly’s shoulder. He looked from her to Lestrade, searchingly. “Not since he went into surgery. Nothing.”
, Harry, I–”
how much I missed you.”
“Well, we’ll have to get cozy,” John said, eying the bed – less than half as wide as their bed at home.
Kate obeyed, stretching her arms out on the bow of the ship.
I have, however, made some important changes to it, to give our boys the ending they deserve :).
He felt more than he saw Sherlock’s tiny answering grin, just before his other senses were swept away completely as Sherlock’s third finger began to breach him. Sparks of sensation shot up from the touch and alighted throughout his body, and somewhere in the back of his mind he was aware of throwing his head back and moaning.
“You’d think they’d lose their voices after a while” John said, following as they ducked into a department store, past a man having a shouting match with a security guard.
“Hey girls,” said the newcomer, and her voice was laden with just as much sensual emphasis as her friends’.
“I did it. I’m going. To some place called ‘Wisconsin’.”
A rush of noise came from outside the windows, cars and children’s voices, and John deflated beside him.
A flood of relief rushed in through Sherlock’s chest.
John had never worked on a set quite like this.
Sherlock hummed, and kissed at John’s neck.
“No, absolutely not,” Sherlock agreed, and now he was beginning to feel some of that relief, too. Wherever he may have imagined this would lead, he knew that he couldn’t bear to lose John’s friendship. “It can just be something for Dartmoor, then.”
Inside his mind, he opened his eyes to the front door of 221B. He made himself reach for it slowly, listen to the click of the knob as he turned it, feel the creak of the hinges run through his hand as he pushed it open.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered between them. John’s eyes were bright with joy.
“Okay,” Sherlock nodded. “But this has to be a very secret visit, alright?”
till Carol-Anne gets here,” Jeannie said, sharing a conspiratorial smile with Stacey. “She’s crazy about English guys.”
And with all that, still, he wanted to stay.
Sherlock’s body sank onto him, his entire weight pinning him to the mattress. John hummed, smiling – he was warm, and soft, and John had never felt more relaxed.
Dad sighed, and sidled out of the way to let the people in line go by.
John inhaled deep, pulling in the smell and warmth of him into his lungs, and felt his own trembling limbs steady somewhat.
Sherlock didn’t travel for cases. London was where he thrived, where he was comfortable, all its eclectic energy and familiarity combining beautifully into the only place he’d ever called home. Mycroft knew this, and years of fruitless entreaties for Sherlock to go out and do legwork in other parts of the world should have prevented him from pressing the issue on this occasion. But then came a series of murders of members of a powerful family known to be associated with the Russian Mafia – murders so clean and efficient, leaving so little evidence that Mycroft’s usual pawns were found to be instantly out of their depths. So he had, very grudgingly, called in possibly the only man he knew capable of such a job, and certainly the only one he trusted – his little brother.
John’s smile broadened a bit with amusement. “Right at the end of the high street – Harris street – near the Queen’s Head?”
“No way,” he said, shaking his head rapidly. “Anyway, they fly tonight.”
“What’s going on? Is there any news?” Molly pulled back to look Sherlock in the face. Lines worried the centre of her brow, and the vaguest hint of red showed around her eyes.
Sherlock scoffed. “It's worse. I must have been smaller, then.” He shifted downward slightly, so he could nestle his face into the crook of John’s neck. That helped, gave them a bit more room. “Though it’s easier when you’re alone.”
John followed, sat, let Sherlock peel off his shirt and bandage. Took in his easy smile and bright eyes and almost made himself believe that they were genuine.
“Right.” Sherlock gave his head a shake, deciding that was probably best. “Well, listen, why don’t I give you a lift?” He stared up at John, shooting him what was probably a pathetically imploring expression. But he
“Oh, God,” he murmured. He cast his eyes down to the floor.
it. Probably thinks she can get me sober and out of here quicker, and who cares if it’s too much and I just snuff it –”
“I’m fine,” John said. He clenched his hands tight together and didn’t move them any more.
John cleared his throat, sounding a bit surprised. “Obviously. Suppose they just couldn’t bring themselves to do it.”
“Oh,” he said, softly.
Sherlock looked around at them all, feeling as though he was seeing them clearly for the first time that night – it was as if he’d been underwater, everything blurred and distorted, and finally he’d been allowed to come up for air.
He was buzzing in his seat. He pulled his legs up under him and perched himself sideways on the bench, so he was looking at Sherlock full-on.
He’d done it. John had
“This isn’t…” John wheezes, and his hands are still trembling, but his eyes find Sherlock’s in the darkness, and somehow they still manage to shine. “This isn’t how I imagined you kissing me.”
” A strangled sob was all that was left of Sherlock’s. “I’m here, John, just stay with me,
“You’d still be taking a chance, John.” Urgency was rising in Sherlock’s voice now. “Even…even at this stage, it’s still not advisable–”
He couldn’t bear this anymore. He couldn’t bear to see Sherlock across the room like this but not really
* * *
They kissed deeply, a slow sort of urgency guiding their movements. Sherlock pulled John close by the hand still holding his face, and John pushed his fingers back through Sherlock’s curls and held him firmly at the base of his skull. John’s tongue pushed past Sherlock’s lips, stroking sweetly along his own, the movement so heartbreakingly intimate it made a shiver course through his body.
“Oh, come off it, are you even
“All of them?” he asked. Sarcastic, but not quite as biting as before.
shoots its way down the well, and John raises his eyes to the heavens.
hard, surely this whole thing couldn’t have beaten him down
Not five minutes away, they pulled into a large car park outside a wood-paneled building. There didn’t seem to be any other buildings around, except for a couple houses down the road surrounded by wide expanses of grass. The roof, like the sign at the airport, was piled high with snow.
The door opened, and Sherlock looked up.
Lestrade turned to leave, and Sherlock made for the side door he’d come in through.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to be. They were supposed to face these things
“Okay, Dad,” he said. “Let’s do it.”
Sherlock turned away from it, sharply. He didn’t want to look at it now, didn’t want to remember. He hated seeing it, hated seeing the eyes from all these photos – happy, smiling, carefree eyes staring down at him and reminding him of what a fool he was. Reminding him how foolish the life he’d lived had been, too.
The words took a second to penetrate the fog swirling around John’s brain, and when they did, every one of his nerves seemed to fall silent.
Sherlock blinked, slowly. “Yes, but…” It was as if his brain couldn’t quite catch up to what John was saying. “It’s
John stood completely still, watching him take a tentative step inside. He still had on that same, unsure smile, like was as shocked by this as John was. Like he couldn’t believe how lucky he suddenly found himself.
Come follow me on
He stood framed in the hall, a Christmas biscuit in one hand, and was surveying John with something that looked like disgust.
John levelled his curious gaze at him.
But Sherlock couldn’t listen any more. “Sorry about your traitor,” he said, curtly, and hung up, dropping the phone back into his pocket. He lifted his hands up to rub at the edge of his temples, finally steepling them at the bridge of his nose as he swallowed down the building wetness behind his eyes. Every part of his body felt like it was crying out in protest at being kept so still, but he forced himself to martial it all – he made his brain keep it all under control, knowing that if he faltered now, if he lost himself to the incessantly pooling, dripping, bleeding red that still invaded the darkness behind his eyelids, he may never find himself again.
“Uh, pardon me,” John interjected, quickly, desperate to stop this before it got out of hand. “I am – I am meaning your other son. Sherlock.”
his usual brand of smugness that flowed underneath his words. Only Sherlock would ever be able to detect the difference, but there was a tiny twitch of his eyebrow that gave him away – an almost entirely hidden trace of pride.
And he was in front of him, kneeling before his chair with his arms thrown around John’s shoulders. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and let it all out, those horrible, painful sounds of desperate relief, of his shattered life beginning to sew its tattered edges back together again.
John nodded, still reeling at the sight of her. “Yes.”
“Well, shall we see if we can find a cab?”
“I love you,” he whispered.
“And so the feeling grows.”
, if he really
He stroked the thumb of one hand up John’s cheek – the barest, tenderest of gestures – and it made something dense and heavy press against the roof of John’s mouth.
“I feel partly responsible,” he finally said, the barest note of resignation cutting through his detachment. “I sent you down the path to this.”
21. “Crime…mystery?”
“I’ve got a terrible stomach ache,” John repeated in a monotone. “It must have been the prawns.”
“I’ve never seen it on you before.”
He felt his soft smile against his temple. “No pain?”
“Shush, you. You love my clothes.”
, he’d once said to John. God, he’d been so wrong. Breathing was the only way he could keep from losing himself now. Breathing was the only thing that mattered when nothing else worked inside his brain. Breathing was all that was keeping John in that room and Sherlock in this hell, and maybe that had already failed.
For a moment John stood, rooted to the spot, then sighed and slumped his shoulders. Well, might as well get it over with. Again.
, because I have nearly reached the end of my tether with this entire Baskerville situation, and I’m quite sure you wouldn’t want that to happen.”
“And particularly enjoy the incredible crassness of the moment we try to squeeze an extra syllable into the fourth line.”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock, I didn’t know.” John’s voice was coming out in a desperate whisper now. His fingers were pushing themselves into Sherlock’s curls, as if trying to ground himself. “I would never have gotten married if I’d known, I’m so –”
It turned out Curtis’s flat was only the tip of the iceberg – they did find a stash of weapons there, crammed in under a loose floorboard, but also half a pound of heroin and a password-protected laptop full of emails to minor government officials, and the case swelled into a full-fledged crackdown on a whole network of people involved in what had seemed to just be an isolated murder. Sherlock and John split up on the fourth day to shake down some separate alibis, which led to Sherlock following a rich trail towards a dodgy legal firm, where he was able to intimidate the secretary into giving him all the files from Curtis’s time spent working there.
“Oh my God,” said a lilting voice from his left.
“Imagine…” Sherlock tried, and the words stuck in his throat. He cleared them away. “Imagine
“Come on, John, let’s have a word,” she called out to him.
,” Dad amended, nodding once, “feel about you?”
“I never told your mother enough,” Dad said quietly.
Well, phone calls could wait. Sherlock danced backwards, out through the hall, down to the stairs. The song played in his head louder and clearer than the warbling radio.
John came to a halt near the window and looked back, but Sherlock hovered in the doorway. He was looking all around the sitting room, at the antique wallpaper and the dated furniture and the old posters of himself from back when he sang songs that
. He just couldn’t bring himself to crush that.
“With – me?” John asked, breathless.
“Sorry,” he muttered.
It was still pitch dark outside. A low boom of thunder sounded from over the hills, and John’s eyelids began to sag with sleep again.
Sherlock and his father were sitting on a bench by the river.
With great effort, John was able to open his eyes and give him a tiny nod.
“Silent night, holy night
Sherlock’s breath escaped him in a low rush. “Oh, that counts.”
It was gentle and innocent, and he pulled back quickly. John’s skin immediately felt cold again. But Sherlock wasn’t moving away, and John couldn’t help that his eyes had fallen closed, and that he was being drawn in…
“So am I.”
“Yes,” he said, and his voice was rough and low, but steady.
John found them a little nook just on the side where they could see everything from an angle. John’s cousin Keith was standing on the end of a row of what was presumably the choir, and John stood in front of Sherlock, beaming outward.
“You’re late!” came Sherlock’s teasing reply.
It was open to his text thread with Harry. The last message received was a picture of her in her bathroom mirror, wearing a begrudging smirk. Around her neck, there was a heavy, gold, heart-shaped necklace, with a single ruby set in near the bottom. Underneath, there was a caption that read
Someone knocked sharply at the door.
But she was quickly shushed again, and Sherlock didn’t seem to have heard her at all. He didn’t break eye contact with John, his gaze so unbearably sharp and brimming with emotion, John though it might pierce his heart open entirely.
, it’s just, you know –”
Nancy’s smile was brittle and furious. “I didn’t.”
The red wouldn’t subside – flowing like a river over every polished surface, every glass door, every whitewashed tile of this waiting area. Sherlock tried to breathe in time with a heart monitor that was beeping away in some adjacent room, visualizing the peaks and timing each inhale and exhale, slowly, deliberately – but that only brought him back to red, red pouring out through gauze in the back of the ambulance, red flashing out on the surrounding buildings as the siren screamed its way through traffic. Red dripping over pale, pale skin and staining the tips of strong, callused fingers.
“Worst DJ in the world,” Janine agreed.
“Yep,” John said, and he plastered his grin back on his face. “Wisconsin, here I come.”
There was a teasing note in his voice, but Sherlock chuckled, unabashed.
It was an awful thought. Sherlock missed her
The air in the car seemed to have vanished completely now.
both, for your services here. It will be a glorious day down at the station tomorrow, when news gets out that Sokolov is down at last.”
“Alright, genius,” he smirked, and loved the almost-undetectable flush that crept up onto Sherlock’s cheeks at the word. “And where are you on my grand adventure?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said back, only partially hearing what was coming out of his mouth. “Actually, do you mind if I just…absent myself for a second? I think…the wine…”
For the first time that night, Sherlock’s thoughts formed coherently around what had happened in that alley. How he’d been about to rush off after the suspect before John had held him back. How he’d let John go ahead of him in an attempt at surprise. He may as well have pushed him into the blade himself.
The bass was pounding; everyone around them was swaying their arms, writhing their hips. Sherlock reached the centre of the crowd, then turned around, and began to move – easily, and gracefully, like this cheap pop number from the early noughties was something cool and sensual, like it was inhabiting him.
He strips John’s jacket open and presses down on his chest,
“Not a very nice girl, really, in the end,” he said.
John stepped in a bit closer to him. “Well, that depends. Will my captain be joining me?”
“Well,” Sherlock smirked as he dropped the bandage into the bin. “I may not have your expertise, but I
“I want to give you everything,” he whispered, sweet and warm and heartbreaking. “All I am – everything I have.” One more kiss, like a promise. “It’s all yours.”
wondered if John had reciprocated Magnussen’s disgusting interest. The idea made him want to be sick, now.
. He plunged his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and tasted, because why the hell not, he’d wanted to for long enough and they could have died tonight, and Sherlock was still with shock only for a moment before he was kissing him back, his hands wrapping around John’s shoulders and pulling him in.
“I thought you didn’t know my name.” His mind was whirling, excitement and amazement tumbling over each other.
His arms were already wrapping around him. Sherlock gladly acquiesced, moving in and nestling himself into John’s chest.
“Mhm,” Sherlock hummed. He tried to press himself in even closer, but his limbs now felt pleasantly heavy, his mind content to drift off…
Sherlock’s breath ghosted over his lips, warm and tantalizing, his eyes half-lidded and wanting.
No. What a stupid idea. Only an idiot could have ever believed something like that would happen, that just because Sherlock had showed up to play in the band, the most wonderful boy in the world would somehow fall in love with him.
“Would you stay?” Sherlock asked, quiet and desperate now. “Knowing life would always be a little bit worse?”
John did so happily, his thoughts hazy with love.
“Sorry – go back to sleep,” Sherlock muttered back.
Sherlock’s jaw hardened as he sucked in another breath – a horrible, stifled sound that made John’s insides twist. But he sighed a bit, and the tension in his body seemed to relax a little and he pushed a smile up onto his face as he opened his eyes.
John turned back to her, scowling. She wasn’t supposed to hear that. He picked up a file folder from his desk and thwacked her on the arm with it. She batted him back with the leaflet she was holding.
John let out a little huff of laughter, which turned into a breathless gasp as Sherlock gave a deep, long thrust against him, and his torso began to tremble with arousal.
John obediently raised his hand to mirror Sherlock’s, and he looked absolutely radiant.
The restaurant had an old-world feel to it – it was two levels, with rounded arches forming the base of the landing and a narrow staircase leading up to the second level in the middle of the floor.
Mrs. Hudson nodded, her lips pressed into a firm line.
John’s mouth dropped open, his heart stilling in his chest.
He reigned in his face as best as he could, then waited for John to move away from the counter and look as though nothing had just happened, before he emerged from behind the scarves.
Something like comprehension dawned on his face.
Sherlock turned himself so that he was hovering on his hands and knees, and John’s hands reached up to curl around his back. At his gentle urging, John scooted himself up the mattress – his head fell back against the pillow, his legs stretched out, and Sherlock followed him down, his weight pressing into him, a solid comforting presence. It was like a jigsaw piece, falling into place.
“Okay,” John said. “I’ll be around here.”
The man by the entrance had raced over to where she sat.
” Mycroft yelped, sounding almost offended. “And then what, marry this stranger?
“I’ll give you a moment,” Dr. Moore said, nodding, and swept out of the room, closing the door behind him.
He didn’t know
“Mycroft, don’t say that,” John heard Mrs. Holmes admonish him, but it was too late – the crowd was getting larger and larger, and buzzing.
, yes,” Sherlock was whispering between kisses, and he was laughing, and crying, and so was John, and they couldn’t get each other close enough. “Yes, John, yes, of
He was crouched on the roof of Orlova’s building, his coat collar pulled up to shield his face from the wind and from any potential onlookers. The night was dark, but the building was only six stories tall; it was still possible that a trained eye in the surrounding skyscrapers could make him out.
“Mmm.” The crown of John’s head relaxed, and he let his shoulders drop. He felt better already.
They swayed in place, facing each other without making direct eye contact, and then the song stopped without warning.
John was nodding on Lestrade’s other side, one foot on the bottom stair, looking at Sherlock with something like an apology in his eyes.
“Alright.”
“Jesus. It feels like ages.” John planted a final kiss on Sherlock’s bottom lip, then moved across to his jaw, his cheek, the soft skin below his ear.
“You disappeared,” he said again, and now his voice was breaking. “I didn’t know – I couldn’t reach you…”
John watched the boy pick through the package, looking for the ones he liked.
“Well, you might have guessed it, although you may not believe it…”
“Absolutely,” Mia said, straightening up with Lestrade’s files in her arms. “Donovan’s already given me a crash course, of sorts.”
His voice cracked once more, and John didn’t care how they ended up kissing again, because Sherlock’s lips were warm even as they wobbled, his breath sweet as harsh bursts of laughter flowed between them, and the swirling snowflakes that tumbled down around them had nothing on the revelation that a lifetime of
"How are you feeling?" Sherlock reached up to brush John's hair away from his eyes.
Just to
John managed to get his shoes off, dropped his trousers, and leapt in before he could change his mind.
He hadn’t the least idea of how much time had gone by before he sighed and drew himself up out of his chair again. He muttered a quick excuse to the group and went with laboured steps over to the next bank of chairs – close enough keep their voices in earshot, to keep him grounded, but far enough away to have some empty space around him. He needed some distance; he needed some room to breathe as he tried to stop
“And the pain?”
“I can’t be without you.” Sherlock’s voice hitched again, a dangerous lump rising in his throat. “Not anymore. I don’t know how.”
John wandered around the kitchen, looking for nothing in particular.
She tilted her head and swaggered towards them, then leaned sideways on the bar, barely a foot from John.
He paused in the doorway, then slowly, with every ounce of will left to him, turned around.
Sherlock flashed him a small smile, then turned to Sarah. John slipped out the door behind him.
And then a sparkle of red caught his eye, flashing light at him, and Sherlock’s eyes snapped to the woman clad in a sheer red backless dress, and – Sherlock had to blink before he was sure he’d really seen it – an Alice band with two sequined red horns stuck to it. He supposed it was supposed to be charming, or sexy, but Sherlock felt that same roar of irrational anger in him at the sight of it. Who would wear a stupid thing like that to a Christmas party? For police officers? He stared daggers into Mia’s back as she picked her way through the throng of dancers and towards the cluster of people at the edge of it, felt his mind clouding at the edges as she zeroed in on her target. She tapped on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock’s smile broadened, and a low chuckle rang out of his throat – deep and smooth like silk. John could have melted into it.
Sherlock groaned and twitched his hips forward in response, smearing some of the fluid onto John’s belly. John didn’t stop, rubbing teasing circles around Sherlock’s cockhead until he had enough to slide his hand easily up them both. The sensation was amazing – it always was – the heat of him, the gorgeous intimacy of this kind of touch, the desperate way Sherlock was pushing into his hand, wanting more of him. And then there was the look in his eyes, hovering above him and clear as anything even in the dark, hooded with arousal, flooded with longing, with awe, and with love.
But Sherlock had suddenly stopped listening, because coming down the next flight of stairs was John, wearing a navy blue suit – a
“No, God no, absolutely not.” John rubbed hard at his temple. “I
“And who’s this?” Harry asked, standing up when she saw them. She had a curious expression on her face – not scowling, but still sharp.
They ascended the stairs to John’s flat in silence, stopping as John fumbled to unlock his door.
“But – John!” Harry was staring at him, perplexed.
Sherlock chuckled – a strained, watery sound through his tears – and he wiped at his face once more before settling his hands onto his hips and clearing his throat.
The shot zoomed forward, cutting out Mary, and followed John’s smiling face as the car began to move, tracking him as far as it could until he was out of sight.
“We saw enough,” John cut across him. “Greg, there’s no way it’s the neighbour, it’s got Curtis’s fingerprints all over it – not literally,” he added quickly, as Lestrade had looked momentarily hopeful. “But we know it’s him, Sherlock figured it out days ago.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and sat up straight to attack the nearest pile. He had a country to run.
“Yeah,
John – exiting the lift and looking more radiant, Sherlock was sure, than he’d ever been. He was wearing his usual Haversack jacket and carrying two coffees, and at the sight of Sherlock his face lit up in a smile that seemed to make everything around him disappear.
yeah – good.”
John’s eyes shone bright enough to light the whole of the dark street outside.
“You don’t have to be alone.”
Time passed in silence, and finally, Sherlock stood. He seemed to stretch himself arduously, then packed up his things and slid on his coat. John turned back to his computer with a blank stare, and didn’t look up as Sherlock flicked off the lights and stepped out through his door.
Sherlock shuffled upward a bit to kiss him more deeply. John’s arm snaked around his waist. Sherlock was leaning into him, and John shifted a bit forward so he could roll onto his back and pull Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock followed him down, settling onto John’s body like the world’s warmest blanket. Everything outside the little sanctuary of the two of them didn’t seem to exist, anymore.
John broke off the kiss with a heavy breath, his face wet with tears.
“I look sort of handsome, don’t I?”
All the fight seemed to have drained out of him in one fell swoop.
“John…”
“I’ll call you back.”
be, would he? Even if it did fail? Because at the very least, he’d know.
“Make fun if you like, but if you’d been a sailor a couple of centuries ago, you’d know exactly where to find it.”
“Right, yeah. Just a Dartmoor thing.” John nodded. He flicked a stray crumb from his plate, sighing gratefully.
“Oh, he seems alright.” Sherlock shrugged. “I’m not really much for politics, honestly.”
“Room 1887” He reached into his pocket and dug out his extra key card, surreptitiously pushing it into John’s hand on the side facing away from the lobby. “Eighteenth floor, at the very end of the left hallway.”
“My goodness!” He parroted back, taking his time around the longer, Latin-esque vowels. “This is a very big fish! It tastes delicious!”
“Yeah,” John breathed, low and rough with arousal. His hands skimmed over the smooth silk of Sherlock’s pants, the luscious curve of his arse, urging him closer. “Yeah, love.”
John stood, mouth hanging open. Everything he’d wanted to say had been shocked out of him by Sherlock’s reappearance.
Sherlock was glad John didn’t elaborate. He really didn’t want to know anything about the honeymoon at all.
John pulled off with a soft
“What?” was his reply, barely a whisper.
“But you just got here!” Stacey said, from behind him, as Jeannie let out a disappointed whine.
Sherlock’s eyes were locked with John’s now.
like to him. Maybe it would be over for John, but for Sherlock?
John clapped his free hand to his mouth, physically holding back the tide.
John took a left, pulled onto the autoroute.
“That’s absolute bollocks, John,” he said, lowly. “You’ve actually gone mad.”
John hesitated a moment, then slowly lowered himself into the second chair, perching himself nervously on its edge.
“The President’s visit,” came Alex’s voice from the other side of the table.
“We don’t have to talk about them, Sherlock,” Molly ventured. “We’re here for
“What?” he breathed.
10. “Fuck, it’s cold!”
John stared back, silent. And then, slowly, beautifully, a bright, wide smile spread out across his face.
It was a little too harsh to be innocent, and Harry heard it too.
, in return.”
resentfully, agreed to fly John out the next morning.
Satisfied with the stitches, Sherlock stood up to grab a hand towel from the cabinet. “Harry called after you fell asleep last night.” He turned on the tap briefly, running it under the warm water. “She’s coming by this afternoon to see you.”
to leave.
“Ignore it, ignore it,” John said lowly, because Sherlock had begun to bristle at his side.
The violin began very quietly – it gently climbed the scale and fell back down again. Mendelssohn’s sonata in F minor. One of Sherlock’s favorites.
“Or…shouldn’t I? She can’t help, it’ll only upset her. ” He spun around to face his friends again, eyes desperately searching their faces as if they held the answer. “Maybe it’s too early. Maybe I shouldn’t tell her until…until…”
love life is going.”
“And you,” John sang. He spun again, pointing at one of the girls in the choir. “And you.”
The pair on the screen began to kiss, and suddenly Dad’s hands had seized Sherlock by the sides and were tickling him.
Mrs. Hudson smiled sympathetically, but there was a hint of sadness in there too that John didn’t miss.
“Look, we’re not actually flying.” Dad was panting a little as he slowed down before the attendant. Sherlock caught up a second later, heart in his throat.
The sky darkened, and still Sherlock stayed, leaning over his desk, sketching slowly, eyes fixed and unwavering. John had given up trying to do any work, and looked up as much as he dared. Every glance made the ache flare up a little bit more, but there was nothing else for it: he watched, and ached, and knew that he would keep doing this every day for as long as his heart could stand it, because it was the only thing he
He turned back around to face the sitting room, stepping towards the table. He nodded once, resigned, running his fingers along the wooden edges and staring out into the street.
“We would have been here sooner, but we had to find someone to watch the kids.” Now Molly was apologizing –
Water splashes Sherlock’s lips.
all this had come from, but the desire to prove Sherlock wrong was mounting in him higher and higher. He’d make him see just how many people would fall over themselves to be with him, under the right circumstances. And if doing that involved sticking to this mad idea he’d pulled out of his arse which had taken hold of him without warning, so be it.
Everyone turned to him in unison, barely concealed fear on each of their faces. Sherlock couldn’t look at any of them.
Sherlock scanned his face with unconcealed bewilderment, and John smiled toothily back at him.
Sherlock would have wanted to say something snide, but…John was looking so
He moved to the end of the passage, slower now. There was a sliding glass door between him and the gate, and there were two attendants at the desk, each taking the last of the boarding passes.
John let out a frustrated sigh before giving out his full information to the confused DI, along with the confirmation that yes, he was one of Mycroft’s men. Sherlock stood at a safe distance, deferring as best he could the questions of some bratty junior officer, and trying not to insult every federal investigator in sight.
“So do you,” he whispered.
“We’re live across the nation, and you’re number one.”
you do.” His voice was hoarse, breaking with tenderness, and his hands smoothed over John’s skin, coaxing him into stillness, bringing him back.
He ended the call, and slowly set the phone back on the nightstand.
left everything behind in Dartmoor – it would make going forward much easier – but the dark mass that had settled in the pit of his stomach didn’t seem to be swayed by that kind of logic. At least, he reasoned, if it was all over, there would be no further disappointments; he could take comfort in that.
“Some of her requests,” John went on. The church was echoing his words back to him. “For instance, that I should bring Benedict Cumberbatch as my date to the funeral, I was sure she expected me to ignore.”
Sherlock’s voice was strangled and small.
John sighed, thinking.
The man lifted a shaky hand in deference, and with his other reached into his trouser pocket, fingers fumbling for the memory stick, and Sherlock began to lower his pistol–
John wasn’t where he’d left him, or even wandering around browsing the displays; he was at the Cartier counter, being handed a small square box by the salesperson.
“When she first mentioned what’s about to happen,” John’s voice was starting to waver. “I said ‘over my dead body.’ And she said, ‘no, John, over mine.’ And, as usual…she was right.”
“Hi.” It was almost a whisper.
Christmas shopping was never an easy or a pleasant task, but this year especially there seemed to be far too many screaming babies, aggressive charity barkers, and incensed women yelling at harassed-looking store clerk for the sanity of
And John’s breath had left his body in one fell swoop, the irrational anger at Dr. Moore blown entirely away by something horribly painful and desperate.
Sherlock’s hand was slightly colder when it returned, and John gasped a little, but then he pushed inward again, and John’s mind exploded with sensation. Sherlock worked his way into the first knuckle, and John couldn’t help the little mewling sounds that were coming out of his mouth, or the way his hips kept trying to move, or the way his arsehole clenched again, trying to pull him deeper.
And Sherlock opened his eyes to find John’s, a deep, sparkling blue, wide and beautiful as a summer sea, and in an instant, everything became clear and calm.
“Um…” He was stammering again. He’d better go. “Okay.”
“Que tipo de livro é esse?”
Mycroft and Mrs. Holmes had caught up and were keeping even step behind them. Every so often, they passed someone they seemed to know, and after a quick explanation, the newcomer would join them.
Sherlock froze, a midway through chewing.
He stepped quickly toward the door, grabbing his coat. All thoughts except
Sherlock gave a little nod back.
“Wait,” Dad said, stopping suddenly.
In the meantime, John made for the nearest door, and stepped outside into the grim chill. Further down the field, one of the older classes was playing football, and their indiscriminate shouts and cheers floated over towards him on the breeze.
“Good.” Sherlock set him back onto the pavement but kept him wrapped tightly in his arms. “I could help you brush up your astronomy.”
“How are you, Mr. Holmes?” he asked.
Sherlock’s breath hitched as he held himself in John’s gaze, his own eyes falling hooded, unable to meet John’s straight on. John’s breath was coming fast now, and hard, his eyes boring into Sherlock’s and so plainly displaying everything Sherlock had been thinking all day, that tension pulled taut like a bowstring, that need for closeness that had been denied them for such an unbearably long time.
He screams again into the dark. He climbs over the rocks, and the moon answers only with a sickening white light.
John looked back up at her, thrown.
Sherlock’s hands cradle John’s face, and he bends to kiss him properly.
“Love…I need…”
“A mistake, yes.” Sherlock nodded, and his heart sank further at the relief that flooded through John’s face.
“Mhm.” John could feel his muscles unstiffening, warmth flooding in to replace the ache. He felt himself leaning back into it, as he melted into Sherlock’s touch.
Resolute determination slowly pushed out the last of his panic and seemed to settle in the center of his chest, pulsing through his bloodstream more forcefully with every passing second. Steeling himself as quickly as he could, he unearthed another map from the mountain of papers, this one with various locations around Griff Street marked with black X’s. This was his attack stratagem, which he’d been working on for the past hour, and it indicated the location and function of each officer in on the raid tonight. He pushed it toward John, who looked up at him again, this time with an apologetic caution in his eyes that pierced straight into Sherlock’s heart.
Behind him, staring at the opposite wall, Sherlock said nothing.
“I know you’re scared,” he went on, more slowly. “I know what this must have been like, and I’m sorry – I’m sorry I didn’t see it sooner, I’m so sorry.” He pressed his lips firmly against Sherlock’s skin, feeling him turn into the contact. “But Sherlock, sweetheart, you don’t have to worry anymore.”
But they were the same, and he really had said it, and the signature was really John’s.
Sherlock stared for a few more moments, then nodded once, slowly. “Good,” he said, his voice quiet, though a smile was pulling at his lips again. “Let’s check your bandage then, shall we?”
now that he’d never had to consider. Sam, now shutting himself in his room most of the time (“he could be injecting heroin into his eyeballs, or something, for all I know” he’d said to Harry, spiralling), or the crush he had on a girl from school who didn’t seem to even know who he was. It had always been Sarah who had talked to him about things like that, but now that she was gone, here he was, and this stepfather thing mattered like it never had before.
John set off again without a second look at them. It didn’t bother him much anymore, the fact that they were all intimidated by him. Even though for so long it had been his goal to teach through understanding and care, and he’d mostly succeeded up until the last term or two. He just didn’t have the patience, these days. There just wasn’t room.
“Right. Yes,” he was muttering into the phone. A wave of mortification was crashing over him, making his ears burn hot. “I’m – Listen, I’m sure they’re not
He tore himself away with some reluctance, and hurried up the stairs to the bedroom. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes watching him all the way up.
“Tell him,” said Sam, abruptly, smirking up at John.
There was a look in John’s eyes that was desperate and horrible – but it wasn’t guilty, or bargaining, or deflecting. There wasn’t any measure of deceit in them at all. They were…pleading. Shaken. Completely earnest, and – Sherlock realized with a jolt in his stomach – absolutely terrified by what Sherlock had just said.
A few more seconds, Sherlock acknowledged the populace with a few more waves, then he wrapped his arm around John’s shoulder and pulled him off the stage.
This was unbearable.
“Is it Blue Carbuncle? Or the unexpected Christmas sensation from Sherlock Holmes?”
The day arrived – finally – with increasingly erratic nerves from the party. The President’s motorcade pulled up in front of Number 10 to throngs of screaming press. Sherlock was there at the door as he stepped out of the car – President Charles Magnussen, looking smart and stoic; a political veteran finally awarded his due. He waved to the cheering crowd and crossed to shake Sherlock’s hand, and they both paused to let the cameras to get their shots.
The new drugs were much better, and the pain slowly lessened as the days blurred into one another. John ate more regularly, and felt stronger and stronger – his vomiting episode was shaping up to be the lowest point of his recovery, and he felt closer to normal than ever. That didn’t stop Sherlock from fussing though, and John wondered how he even managed to find things to fix for John when there was less and less that John couldn’t do on his own. Still, whatever John needed, any time he needed something tended to, Sherlock was there to help him, apparently unaware that it had begun to worry John more than it reassured him.
At the very least, he would have
Lips blue. Not breathing.
“What do we do now?” John whispered back.
John sighed, casting his gaze down to their joined hands. “I guess we didn’t get him, then."
He knew.
“Uh–” he stammered, his eyes darting from his fumbling hands to her inquisitive face. “What?”
Then Mr. Holmes planted both his hands on John’s shoulders, and kissed him firmly on the lips.
And it wasn’t because of anything else. Sherlock knew that instinctively. It was because of what Sherlock had seen between him and Magnussen, there was no way around it.
“Sorry we missed it,” John said, a bit thrilled in spite of himself. He
The words clicked into place slowly in Sherlock’s mind.
John grimaced, clearly trying to smile but too frustrated and worn out to do it properly. Sherlock wasn’t about to ask, but he’d have bet John was regretting taunting Lestrade with end-of-case paperwork now that such a huge chunk of it had fallen into their laps, as they’d been the ones to bring about the arrest.
Sherlock’s own laboured breathing was all he could hear in the empty space. When Mycroft spoke again, it was with an even “Are you at Bart’s?”
. American girls would want me with my cute British accent.”
Sherlock was barely breathing as he opened the card again, reading over the last words.
John straightened his tie in the mirror on the inside of their closet, pulling the stubborn knot to look as close to normal as he could get it. He smoothed down the lapels of his suit, still feeling mildly uncomfortable in it, but supposing that he looked okay. Or as good as he had expected to look, at forty.
if he wanted to!”
Sure enough, Mr. Holmes' face lit up with surprise.
I promise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, God…” Sherlock breathed against his lips – he was just as overcome as John was. “God, you feel…”
Sherlock let out a long, shaky exhale, his eyes burning – there were no more tears left to fall.
Lower abdomen, and
John gave him a brief nod of thanks, then followed Sherlock out to the dance floor in a daze. Half of his brain still wasn’t sure this was happening, the other was inching its way towards a frenzy of excitement and panic.
It had been a rough crash from the euphoria of the evening, as he’d finally been able to take in all that had happened in the past couple days. That moment in the sitting room that first day, what Magnussen had said and done.
John’s mouth fell slowly closed as he watched the shot. He seemed to be exhaling a long, silent breath.
“You know that was a done deal long ago,” he said towards the window. “Unless, of course, Benedict Cumberbatch calls…”
“So they didn’t have it put down then, the dog.” Sherlock sipped at his coffee, looking back toward the inn – he wasn’t sure if this was the best way to go about…whatever this was, but it seemed best to let John take the lead when he was ready.
“Oh, God,” John breathed, but it was too low for either of them to hear.
And then they had both burst into speech.
John let out something like a gasp, silent and startled, as they finally touched – just the barest brush, the tiniest inhale, Sherlock’s lips trembling, waiting, waiting…
“Just in cases,” he whispered back.
“Part of the service now,” Sherlock went on. “Trying to get round to everyone by New Year’s Eve.”
, needed to be worth it in the end, and Sherlock knew that he’d have to make sure it was, for both their sakes.
Sherlock drew in a deep gasp, wiped at his cheeks; he tilted his head back to stop the rest of the tears. It took a couple of shaking breaths, but eventually he managed it. His eyes were dry.
His eyes were downcast – he didn’t seem to be able to look at Sherlock or Magnussen. Magnussen, however, was staring evenly at Sherlock, still with that same smile on his face. Pleased, and almost triumphant.
And with that, he tossed his bag on the sofa and headed for the kitchen to make tea.
“No, not
Sherlock took it, grateful to him for breaking the tension in the room, and slipped it into his inside pocket.
, Sherlock.”
“This is…” Stacey began as Jeannie came over. John sat there, frozen for a second, before he recognized his cue to speak.
The answer in John’s eyes was just as obvious.
John turned to the window, the glass before the gray overcast sky reflecting back his even grayer face. Maybe he should just retire. He was well past the age where he was entitled to it. But it wasn’t the first time he’d considered it, and the same reservations crowded up inside his mind again, unable to be ignored. The thought of staying home all day in that flat when…after it had happened, just too much to bear.
And all at once, a harsh, painful sob ripped its way out of John’s lungs. He let it fall, let it ring out in the silence, unheard, and unobstructed.
His voice was quiet, but he was surprised at how even it was. His hands weren’t even shaking as he hung his coat up on the rack.
“He’s not even a
All of it was shockingly, wretchedly unbearable.
The nerves had flown back at him in full force. He wasn’t sure where to look.
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes. “Well given that we’ve just taken down your country’s most dangerous criminal I think we’ll be just fine. Good evening.” He turned around gratefully, his coat billowing behind him.
“Alright, let’s carry on,” said Mike. “How do you think the new record compares to your classic stuff?”
Minutes passed, the two of them doing their best to breathe quietly in the silent space. Sherlock never took his eyes off the door, but he could sense John’s presence behind him nonetheless, that silver blond hair tinted with moonlight, the firm muscles of his back and arms pulled taut as he lifted his weapon, his callused fingers settled lightly and precisely on the trigger. He didn’t need to see him to picture it, so familiar was he with John’s movements, his calm, soldierly demeanor. He knew exactly how John’s right hand would fit into his left as he gripped his gun, the rate of the heavy rise and fall of his chest, the precise shade of gray-blue his eyes would be shining in this meager light. And this knowledge made it almost impossible for Sherlock not to turn around and see them for himself.
Sherlock was sure he’d never heard sweeter words in his life.
“Anyway, that’s not what I wanted to talk to you about.”
“Oh, all the lights are shining, so brightly everywhere…”
“We were as worried about him as we were about you,” she admitted, softly. “Do you know how much it would have killed him to lose you, John? Just the
He leaned forward and set his mug down, too.
he, when his ears were playing some sort of cruel trick – or had he
They rounded a corner, and then stopped. They’d reached the restaurant, with a wood sign hanging over the door and holly leaves painted on the windows.
“That’s not me. When I was young and successful, I was foolish and constantly on my guard. And now here I am, still with no one, wrinkled and alone.”
Sherlock stood up and fled further off down the street without looking back.
of them?” Sherlock was clearly biting back a laugh now.
“Yeah,” he said, quietly, and Sherlock smiled too. Maybe this wouldn’t be too terrible, after all.
Sherlock moved just enough to let John scoot out and perch himself at the edge of the bed again. Otherwise, he stayed completely immobile. John knew he was staring at him, stunned into stillness.
“So.” He said. He sounded stiff and unsure. “What’s the problem, Sherlock?”
John moved off towards the shelves underneath the telly, scanning the DVDs stacked haphazardly there.
John shifted again and groaned quietly, then with great effort wrinkled his forehead and pulled his eyes open. He looked over at Sherlock, blinked a few times, slowly, then twitched the corner of his mouth up into a pained smile.
of John, and
Sherlock didn’t think twice. He grabbed John’s hand and pulled them through the back curtain, away from the stage hand who had just walked through their hiding place. He pulled him along the back of the stage, right along a large carboard painting of a sleigh, before he felt they were safe again.
Sherlock mimed grasping a steering wheel. “E tua condução muito ruim.”
“I love you,” John replied, thickly.
Two excruciatingly long weeks of this had dragged by before Sherlock had finally snapped. The previous night he had called Mycroft, not bothering to hide his fury, and gave him an ultimatum. At long last, Sherlock had identified the primary suspect of the murders and, based on her previous targets, had unearthed the most likely location of her next strike. The force was preparing to stake out the place the following evening and catch her by surprise, and Sherlock had told Mycroft that he either needed to bring John in for the event, or Sherlock would back out. Another sizeable argument had followed this demand, but even Mycroft couldn’t deny how much better Sherlock’s game was when John was with him. Playing to brotherly instinct and tempting him with the promise of closing the case within 24 hours, Sherlock won him over and Mycroft had,
“That
Something inside Sherlock snapped at the sight of it. His mind raced into overdrive, his heart pounded through his ribs.
His voice cracked, and he could feel the tears bubbling up again.
“Tipo…” Sherlock was saying. “Erm…”
The meeting went terribly. Magnussen and his party refused to consult on nearly everything Sherlock brought up. Supposedly, they were just “being consistent with the last administration’s policies”, but Sherlock had less and less patience with everything they shot down. He found himself dropping subjects he’d promised his ministers he’d settle, and forcing them all to just move along. But it was just too risky to rise to Magnussen’s level. At least this first time.
Sherlock and John both froze, glancing at each other out of the corners of their eyes.
. It was probably Harry, calling to make sure he’d still be back in time for her massive Christmas Eve party. He turned to his left – and promptly collided with Sherlock’s arm.
“Oh come on, Mycroft, if you never give anyone a
“I’ve always liked it,” Sherlock replied, smiling. “And you’re – John, right?”
“It’s
“Feel better?” he asked, breathless in John’s ear.
John sighed, trying to smile, but he was sure his face just looked pitiful and sad.
Beside him, Mrs. Hudson only laughed harder.
“And you’ve been an uncommonly good patient, which has helped.” Sherlock brushed his fingers gently over John’s stitches, and the soft touch sent the tiniest shiver racing along John’s skin. “Most people tend to be rather more irritable after a trauma like this.”
Sherlock’s heart seemed to lurch to one side. He felt off-balance, disoriented, not quite sure what to feel or what to think.
There was some semblance of a joke in Lestrade’s voice, but Sherlock didn’t find it remotely funny.
Sherlock sank deeper into John; their chests were pressed together, heartbeats almost synchronized. John pulled him close by his grip around his hips, and suddenly Sherlock’s cock was pressing insistently on the inside of John’s thigh, hot and full through the layers of remaining fabric, and John let out a deep moan from the centre of his chest, the low coil of arousal in his abdomen flaring up, demanding
“I trust you.”
Sherlock jumped at the sudden knock at the door. He hesitated for a moment, then strode to open it. A client? But no one had rung the bell…
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he said, barely a breath.
It was everywhere John wanted to be for the rest of his life, and as he held himself against Sherlock’s grinning lips, chapped a bit from the cold, he felt something shift inside him – like the sky had opened up to him and showed him the shining way forward. Like the forever he’d always known he wanted was suddenly right in front of him, and it was time to grab hold of it, to carry with him, always.
He turned in the doorway. “Sir?”
“Well, you can’t be sensible all the time,” he replied, shrugging.
Mr. Holmes looked him up and down a moment, and then he broke into an elated smile.
“Well, it’s something,” John said, as Sherlock rounded the corner, and they saw the tiny light in the window below a rustic-looking sign. “Probably not the nicest place, but…”
Sherlock laughed at that, and John felt relief pushing away the tension of the moment. “Actually, I did.” Sherlock grinned as he unwound the new bandage. “‘In sickness and in health,’ remember?”
“Amazing,” he murmured into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
Understanding dawned in John’s eyes a nanosecond after Sherlock’s own. He cleared his throat awkwardly, and looked away, but the determination in his expression was unmistakeable.
“I want to be with you, John,” he whispered.
Sherlock looked in the mirror. He still looked fine. He rubbed at his cheeks a bit more to force some colour back into them. Then he straightened his lapels, expelled the last of the tightness in his throat, then took just one more moment to steel himself before he left the bedroom.
was the one throwing off light into the darkness around him.
This was it.
I know your name,” he said, brightly.
Sherlock kissed between his shoulder blades, then shifted – John heard his trousers hitting the floor. Then his warmth was hovering over him again. Sherlock shifted his weight to his elbows, his head bent downward to drag his lips down John’s neck, and his warm, hard cock slid into place between John’s arse cheeks.
Suddenly he seizes under Sherlock’s hands. Spine arching. Pale skin stretching and furrowing.
Sherlock stopped.
The crowd was roaring with exhilarated laughter now. Sherlock levelled his gaze over the field, knowing that what he was about to say would be quoted back to him for years.
He was getting too old for this, surely. Before, the kids and their stupid antics had been fun, even charming, in their way. But now they were barely enough for a distraction.
John takes a deep breath.
“Right,” John said.
John dried himself and dressed as quickly as possible. He towelled his hair off as best he could, not bothering to even comb it afterwards. They'd probably spend the day in anyway, huddling together under a blanket with cups of hot chocolate and trying to find something decent on the telly.
And the restaurant erupted.
John retreated instinctively into Sherlock’s side, who had wrapped an arm around his waist and was shaking with breathless giggles.
*    *    *
Mycroft huffed out a bewildered laugh. “‘Sorry?’ Is that it?” The sound pounded against Sherlock’s brow, making him wince. “Can’t you even be bothered to try to justify this in some scathing manner that’s supposed to prove your own brilliance?”
He pushed his way through a glass-panelled door and turned a corner into the hospital canteen. The space was cramped with tables, nearly all of them empty except for one in the far corner near the window, which seated four young men and two women in lab coats – residents, most likely. Despite the late hour, they were all in high spirits, nursing their soft drinks and trading jokes, laughing with booming peals as if they didn’t know that the world was ending.
“No, quite right.” Sherlock nodded.
As if detecting and feeding off Sherlock’s excitement – which he was, of course he was, so in tune were they on matters just like these – John’s grin broke out clear across his face. “And where are we surprising them?”
He turned to his left to look at the painting of Margaret Thatcher that hung in the corner.
In a dirty pond, half-naked and holding onto a Portuguese Adonis, while his book lay soaked all around him, there was nothing he could do but laugh.
“I knew it,” he said, shaking his head slightly. “You can’t ever wait till it’s actually Christmas, can you?”
“I am sorry,
“Absolutely.” Sherlock smiled genially back, and stood up. “There
so unbearably slowly, he pumped them in and out, keeping John keening into him as much as he could with the limited amount he could move.
feel rather nice.
“Something Christmassy,” he said with a grin, and clinked his glass with John’s.
Sherlock’s lip trembled.
” John grinned. “These patterns were all the rage, ten years ago.”
.” Sherlock panted as he kept thrusting, into John’s grip. The friction was immediately more intense, and John sucked in a low breath.
The dread in Sherlock’s chest trickled outward, weighing down his every limb with a dull ache.
“If you’ll excuse me,” Sherlock said, turning towards the door.
“Oh, I – don’t want to make you late for your concert,” Sherlock said, quickly. Oh, no. He was about to cock things up for John’s entire
“Oh?” John raised his eyebrows. He hadn’t expected Sherlock to pull out all the stops, but God, it just made the burst of affection in his chest swell up even more.
He gave a harsh clear of his throat, and indicated that Magnussen should follow him down the next hallway. The President complied, a knowing sort of smirk stretching his thin mouth.
“And I remember you filming a lot on the day,” John was saying now. “And I just wondered if I could look at your stuff.”
“Greg?” He barked into it. “I need a car. Right now.”
Sherlock felt John’s soft, quiet smile against his lips, felt John’s eyelashes flutter whisper-light against his cheek. A jolt of pleasure shot up Sherlock’s spine as John’s third finger breached him, slowly, steadily, and Sherlock couldn’t help but cry out, loudly, and John dove forward to capture his lips, muffling the sound with a kiss.
…” His name sounded like a prayer in John’s desperate voice. “Darling, please…please…”
“No, ‘course not,” John said with a smile that Sherlock thought seemed forced. “We’ll just get our things, then.”
They flopped backwards onto the sofa, and Sam wormed his way out of John’s grip, gasping and sniggering.
“Don’t go,” he whispers between John’s lips. “Please, don’t go, don’t leave me here.” His hands pound frantically on John’s chest. He can’t feel his heartbeat. “Please don’t die, please please don’t die, I love you, I love you, John,
Sherlock swallowed back a fresh wave of tears.
Sherlock felt John’s curt nod behind him rather than saw it. His breathing was even, but heavy, as if he were trying too hard to keep it steady.
to make it taste like rubbish, that’s just sort of how it is…”
Mrs. Hudson hurried forward and folded Sherlock into a bone-crushing hug, and he sank into it eagerly. Lestrade wrapped his arms around Molly, who buried herself in his chest, while Mycroft dropped back down into his chair with a contented exhale.
“Meet you there in five minutes?” John pushed his plate forward; it was still half-full.
“Se acalme,” he said, low and grinning.
John barely saw any of it. His gaze was reserved for Sherlock alone – brilliant, beautiful, stunned Sherlock, who was looking at him like he thought he might be in a dream.
John chuckled softly, relief crowding away the momentary panic, and he leaned in to kiss Sherlock again, once, chastely. “You filthy man.”
A sudden shriek of feedback rang in his ear, snapping him out of the song. The track stopped, and Sherlock looked toward John leaning against the panel on the other side of the glass.
She didn’t move, but her jaw was set into a hard line.
Sherlock’s head felt suddenly very light. He thought he really might be suffocating now.
“Thank you, sir,” John said, beside him.
“It seems…elitist, and wrong,” Sherlock added, weakly.
Some people laughed. Others looked shocked. Sherlock felt it all buoying him up, making it all real.
“How did you get these?” Sherlock breathed out in a rush.
“Yeah,” said John. He was right. Feeling the warmth of Sherlock’s skin pressed against his, all along their bodies, John finally felt comfortable.
“Good to see you all,” he said, casting around. “And, um…”
“John, don’t –” Sherlock flinched, and his eyes squeezed shut. He couldn’t do this. He could barely face what was happening right this moment, but if John started
They broke apart with a strangled sob-like sound bursting from Sherlock’s lungs. Sherlock’s face was wet, whether from John’s tears or his own he didn’t know, but he kept close, still breathing in his air. He didn’t loosen his grip across John’s shoulders. He wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to.
Sherlock blinked, considering.
John trailed off from whatever he had been saying. His face didn’t change, but he turned his head microscopically to look at Sherlock, a hint of worry behind his questioning eyes.
not being able to tell.
“Shut up,” he murmured, biting his lip, and Sherlock’s laughter filled the room.
“You really had me worried, for a while.”
Sherlock breathed out a sharp huff of air, and his lips twitched upward the tiniest bit.
He couldn’t look away. He didn’t
Sherlock flashed him a grateful look, but shook his head. “Muito obrigado, mas não.”
Yes?” Sherlock called out.
Harry looked almost affronted as she rolled her eyes. “Then you’re taking risks
“Well, I suppose speaking gibberish
Sherlock gave a small, elated giggle. “Sim, claro,” he said.
He knew he’d promised Harry to be back for Christmas, but…in the back of his mind he’d half hoped he could skive her off, and claim he needed more time here to get the book done. But now that it was practically finished, just needed a few more scenes to wrap up the loose threads…
But as quickly as the look had appeared, it softened again, and he nodded toward the screen.
“Alright,
you.”
He set the gift bags down on the floor, turned on his heel and walked straight back out the door.
“Oh, it’s alright,” Sherlock chuckled. “You could have said ‘fuck’, and then we’d have been in real trouble.”
Sherlock’s smile broadened a bit, and he reached out to flick off a lamp on a nearby shelf.
The boy nodded, not looking up at him. “Yes, Mr. Watson,” he said, quietly.
“You’re beautiful,” Sherlock breathed. It was barely a sound.
“We have the car until seven o’clock tonight,” John almost whispered.
His restlessness was clearly making Molly uneasy, though she knew better than to point it out. “Any thoughts, Sherlock?” There was an awful note of wariness in her voice.
“Just…go on and have a good time, alright?” John was trying to smile, but there was no life in it; it only etched the lines around his mouth darker than before. “I’ll see you later.”
He scanned the crowd, and finally spotted a woman standing by herself in the corner. She was pretty, but looked bored, and unimpressed with the whole affair. Maybe John could go cheer her up.
“Scary?” John raised his eyebrows. “Yeah, sometimes scary. Si – er, sim.”
There was no mistaking it – there was no one behind Sherlock, or close enough beside him, John was pointing at
Sherlock considered for a moment, then answered. “Powerful.”
“John?” he barely gasps, a hand on his shaking shoulders.
Sherlock drifted his touch downward, smoothing over John’s shoulders, down his back. His long fingers sent currents of heat flickering down John’s spine, warming him to the core and jolting down towards his abdomen. He gave a little moan and lurched forward, grinding into Sherlock’s hip as the hand reached the waistband of his pants. Sherlock circled a fingertip around the hem for a moment, paused, then dipped beneath it, fingers sliding underneath and down John’s arse.
John nodded, and turned to leave.
“Mm.” John dropped his hand to press into Sherlock’s back. “Only if you stay.”
Sherlock whipped his head around, staring, then casting his eyes to the next house on the left. Number 102.
they all were – people were falling all over themselves to see them in concert, just to catch a glimpse of them even as they went about their business around the city –
How could he have been so
They broke off, both gasping. John’s mind was overloaded with sensation, his whole body on fire. He could barely open his eyes to look at Sherlock again.
He led the way, John following at his heels, and gave himself a minute while John couldn’t see his face to bask in it – to indulge in the glorious rush of affection for his wonderful, thoughtful,
He had no idea what he was looking at, and he didn’t care.
“Oh, Sherlock…” John breathed out, overcome. He lifted it gently out of the box, trailing the shimmering silver chain behind it, pooled in the satin. “Sweetheart, it’s beautiful.”
“Fair enough,” he smiled, reaching for his mobile in the pocket of his dressing gown. “I’ll see if Lestrade has something below a six.”
“Bastards,” Sherlock whispered, with a venom in his voice that surprised even him. “Couldn’t even wait till I came on, I suppose?”
“What, the naked Santas?” John smirked. “Yeah, that was a bit shit. They could have at least picked some better-looking models.”
All your comments are very much appreciated :)
“Oh, I was. Much, much worse.” John cast his gaze downward to watch Sherlock’s fingers trace the wound, testing each of the stitches to make sure they were still holding. “Every one of the nurses there hated me. I swear they would have poisoned me if I hadn’t been sent home soon enough.”
Still, they had covered a lot of ground today, and that meant a chance for progress somewhere down the line. Sherlock was sure of it. He was alright with taking small, cautious steps, as long as they were in the right direction.
“I am.” Sherlock gave a gentle kiss to the nape of John’s neck. “Just one second.”
“Yes.” Dr. Moore flipped open the file and began scanning through it. “We received the results from your last x-ray, and it showed something rather interesting.”
John looked at him, and, without a word, leaned in and kissed Sherlock softly on the cheek.
John might have noticed his unusual behavior, but Sherlock knew he was mostly just grateful that the evening wasn’t horrendously uncomfortable and didn’t feature Harry and Di sniping at each other. He would thank Sherlock later for trying so hard to make it bearable for them.
John just didn’t know why he was suddenly so nervous about doing it.
“Sure – we can get some for Mrs. Hudson there, too.”
16. “Just calm down.”
happened – since they’d been there. His mind felt dense as honey, snippets of words and phrases floating around in a disorganized mess;
“You know, Itzhak Perlman was among the first to teach your cold, English husband how to feel.” Sherlock turned his head a bit as he said it, so he could see John out of the corner of his eye.
Everything went quiet.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock whispered.
Someone laid a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder – he pulled back while the paramedics raced in around him. Someone began checking John’s vitals, two others loaded him onto a stretcher, shouting urgent commands that Sherlock only vaguely heard.
“Itzhak Perlman playing Brahms,” Sherlock answered, warming his hands on his mug.
“I love you,” John said again, another tear sliding down his face. “I’ve loved you for
John cocked his head. “For handsome gits to show off?”
Sherlock’s head broke the surface, and he shook the water out of his eyes.
“Yes, I think so,” she replied, and her voice was low and dark in a way that suddenly seemed unbearably irritating. “Just a basic kind of thing? Wives and family and stuff?”
He nodded in the direction of the car, and John seemed to understand. He moved off. The driver had gotten out to open the door, and John clambered in to the far side. Sherlock slid in after him.
was the point of this stupidly big and elaborate residence.
Dad nodded, looking relieved that Sherlock had already thought of this. “Yes, sir.”
“He’ll be alright, I’m sure.” She was clearly going for her usual upbeat optimism, but the smallness of her voice betrayed her. “Medicine these days can fix up just about anyone. There’s no need to worry. ”
John gasped, quiet and painful, his lower lip quivering.
Molly and Greg were mercifully calmer when they came by the next day, and they stayed long enough for Sherlock to run out of teas to prepare and washing up to do; he came and sat by John and contributed to a fairly pleasant conversation about his recovery and when the Yard could expect to have them back to work (far too long, John thought). And if he noticed John watching him a bit more intently, seeking signs of distress through his comfortable, easy exterior, he didn’t let on.
Sherlock couldn’t help beaming at him in return as he pushed a map towards him, indicating one of several large red circles. “Here. Griff Street. One of Sokolov’s safe houses is three blocks away, in the basement of a café, and it’s the closest one to Dmitri Orlova’s primary residence. He went underground when the killings started, but we’ve got surveillance in his building and we know he’s been going back there – every three nights, to check his locks and his safe. Sokolov will go to the café first, most likely, to regroup, and then up to Griff Street to surprise him when he gets in – at about quarter to eleven.”
“I love you, Sherlock.” John whispered again.
He turned himself enough to look back at Sherlock, whose eyes were bright with sympathetic understanding.
He sighed, and shook himself out of it. He moved away to the undersecretary’s desk where the proposal was sitting, and sifted through the stack to find the relevant sheets.
“Excellent,” he replied, smiling back. “Well, I should be easier than the last lot, anyway. No late-night tirades. No storming out of the Union in a huff.”
John felt better in the morning, though still fairly dazed, and the pain was more from the soreness of the previous night’s dry heaving than any internal throbbing, which was a relief. He felt weaker than normal, his legs too shaky to stand for too long, so Sherlock settled him onto the sofa and brought him his breakfast there, tea and buttered toast that John devoured instantly, ravenous even as the residual sickliness ebbed away.
ago. And still, Sherlock felt more than a little disorientated as he rang the doorbell at Baker Street not two hours later.
“Ou me dê cinquenta por cento dos lucros.”
He looked down at the CD set, and his stomach churned some more. At any other time, this would have been such a thoughtful gift. Sherlock would have loved it. But now…
The attendant stared down at him for a moment, then looked back up at Sherlock’s dad.
The woman stood up and grabbed the boy by the hand, marching him out of John’s office perhaps a bit too quickly to be dignified. There seemed to be some undercurrent of fear in her frantic movements, too.
“She did?”
“That’s right,” Dad said, nodding. “George Michael definitely got laid at least once. For God’s sake, Freddie Mercury could have had the whole
But Sherlock was right.
“I don’t deserve you.” John squeezed his eyes shut against the ache.
“Hey, sorry,” John said as he came in. He was shoving his mobile phone into the pocket of his jeans. “You got it? What did you find?”
But Molly had sunk to her knees beside Sherlock and thrown her arms around his shoulders. She was wearing an old tattered cardigan and had several flyaway hairs escaping from her ponytail. Lestrade was unshaven and had on a threadbare t-shirt with a frayed collar poking out from under his jacket.
“Hello, brother dear,” came the familiar sardonic voice.
The man was looking confused, but nodded, genially. “Sim.”
John smirked; his eyes focused enough to reveal Sherlock already kneeling by his side, mouth quirked gently upwards.
“Come on, love, come on.” His voice was high-pitched and frantic.
He hurried to grab his bag from his locker and raced from the school building. He ran through side streets, dodged around people’s legs on the sidewalk. He knew what he had to do now. It was so
“Really?” Sherlock asked, and John nodded.
“Pleased to meet you, Graham.” Sherlock replied, shaking his hand.
“Thank you again. You gentlemen be careful out there, it is a dangerous city at night.” The DI attempted a half-hearted laugh, but it came out sounding rather pathetic.
“You got me better,” John murmured. He swallowed down the emotion building at the back of his throat. “You fixed me.”
“Sorry about her,” John said, relieved, as Sherlock closed the door after her. “I swear it was almost easier when she drank.”
He pressed the pen down onto the glass over the lead singer’s head and drew a large, four-tipped speech bubble, pointing at the mouths of each of the members of Blue Carbuncle. The studio quietened suddenly as they waited for Sherlock to write in it, and Sherlock almost couldn’t contain his laughter as we scribbled in, W-E-’-V-E    G-O-T    L-I-T-T-L-E    P-R-I-
He got up out of his chair and went to the kitchen to rinse out his mug. What would he do for the rest of the day, he wondered vaguely. There were no cases to solve, and Mrs. Hudson had gone to brunch with her sister. The silence in the flat was becoming so dense it could smother him.
“Shh, of course you do, of
“Oh, Sherlock…” John choked out a shattered gasp of breath; the prickle behind his eyes flared up even stronger. “Of
“They should have asked you to do this one,” John chuckled, excitement prickling in him. He waited for her to smile back.
“Pleasure,” she said, clearly not meaning it. But John’s heart was soaring.
Harry’s eyebrows raised, and for a moment John thought she was going to lash out again – but she just turned back to Sherlock and shook his hand with a cold smile.
Sherlock let out a choked sound, as his own wavering smile reappeared.
“Well, he seems nice,” he said, kindly. “Why don’t you come and say hello?
just have her murdered.”
Sherlock gazed out at the thin smattering of snowflakes falling out on the street with muted delight for a few more seconds, then turned to look at John.
A barrage of dreadful thoughts chased each other around his head, until he finally fell into a fitful sleep.
In some adjacent room, the monitor had levelled out and was gleefully announcing 84 beats per minute. Somehow, Sherlock thought he felt his own heart calm enough to match it.
Afterwards, John rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, and stared out into the quiet blanket of snow settling out on the street. It was going to be a wonderful day.
John swallowed – Sherlock saw his Adam’s apple bob in his throat – and looked like he might have been about to whisper something, but then suddenly there were footsteps approaching behind them.
He knew better than to hope that Sherlock would let anything happen once they’d reached the bedroom, and tired as he was, John still felt a breath of disappointment leave his lungs. So he sat on the bed, let Sherlock help him undress and tugged on the pajamas that he offered him, and enjoyed the feeling of Sherlock’s reverent hands across his bare skin, even as it made him feel more like an invalid than ever.
– idea…”
“Oh, hello John,” he said, sounding surprised, but pleasantly so. He had a stack of papers under his arm.
into your eyeballs.” Sam grinned up at him. “High like you wouldn’t believe.”
The director moved to stand behind the camera, and everyone else faded into position. The man on the ladder stepped down and moved it out of sight.
“Any progress with our matchmaking plans?” she asked. She nodded towards Sherlock, who was gesturing towards a large sheet of paper propped up against the wall.
Sherlock paused, considering. Then something shifted in his eyes. “About the same,” he said, and pulled him back in, and they kissed and kissed until one of them had the good sense to push them backward through the door into John’s room, and then they kissed some more.
“Is everything okay?” she asked. Her brows knitted together in a way that was so like John.
“Good King Wenceslas looked out, on the feast of Stephen…”
“Oi, don’t you go telling her I said that,” John said sternly, and Sherlock chuckled and sipped at his tea. Then John sighed a bit, and added “or, hell, maybe
Ugly Jumper and Spiky Hair were looking apprehensive, but quietly exhaled in relief.
The man was tall and slim, dressed dapperly in a black suit, though without a tie, the neck of his shirt left open a few buttons. His face was fair, but his hair was a deep black, framing his face in tight, sweeping curls. His eyes were a shocking bright blue, flecked with what looked like patches of green and gold, though John could hardly be sure as they seemed to dazzle in every colour imaginable. His lips were full, and his cheekbones cut sharply out of his face like they had been carved from ivory. A few freckles dotted his long neck.
John let out a low sigh that almost sounded like a moan. It felt so
Slowly, the backstage space emptied out as children went on stage and joined their parents in the audience afterward. The younger kids went on to stumble their way through a few carols. Groups of terrified-looking boys and girls went out clutching little bells and woodblocks to play along. Sherlock barely wrapped his thoughts around any of the performances before they were ushered offstage, and in absolutely no time at all the class doing the nativity play was carrying off the manger, and it was time for them to go on.
and no one else – there was no one but them on stage anymore, this moment was just for the two of them and there no one else
They didn’t talk at all during the cab ride home. John was sated and a bit drowsy from all the food, but Sherlock barely took any notice of anything. Time slipped by like water he was holding cupped in his hands; every time he tried to grab hold of it, it spilled away faster, out of his reach.
“It’s rude to stare, you know,” John smirked as he rummaged, not needing to look at Sherlock to know exactly where his attention was focused.
Sherlock looked back at him, mouth open. It had barely been a sound, he wasn’t sure John had even said it, or if his ears were just playing tricks on him because of the sudden influx of voices outside, but, if he
It could have been a room straight out of Buckingham palace, and yet they were going to be using it, as far as John could tell, to shoot a single sex scene over the next five weeks.
He’d wanted to go downstairs and apologize, for making everything so much harder than it already was, but what could he say? They were both already so lost. And how could he tell Dad about the other thing that was making him shut himself up in his room, without Dad thinking he didn’t care about Mummy?
Sherlock sighed – the sound fed back through the phone and crackled in his ear. “Sorry.” His own voice sounded stiff and lifeless.
Sherlock breathed out a gentle laugh against John’s chest. “I’m sure you can’t have been as bad as I was.”
John’s heart was hammering almost painfully, so full he thought it might explode. How could he have waited so long for this? For something so real, and so perfect? Being here, feeling Sherlock against him like this, was like a warm shelter in the middle of a freezing storm, and John never wanted to leave.
Sherlock reached up to take John’s face in both of his, steady and sure.
Sherlock dropped his arms into his lap. His head felt incredibly heavy on his shoulders.
Sherlock followed him into the next room – more brightly lit than the hall, with light carpeting and two large windows with silk hangings. Three people were lined up, waiting to meet him. The first two looked relaxed, were smiling, but the one on the end – a man about Sherlock’s age with sandy blond hair – was as straight-backed and still as the guards outside.
“They’ll have to get something great for you when you’re better, John,” Molly chimed in with a smile. “Maybe a celebratory serial killer to say ‘welcome back.’”
Then Sherlock was there, framed in the doorway.
“Okay,” he breathed back, then whipped around and ran through the door. The attendant didn’t notice a thing.
“Yeah,” said John. “What time is it?”
Something seemed to have seized up in John’s throat, stopping all airflow.
But the unsettling quality had gone from Magnussen’s face now, and he was back to his Charming-Politics-Smile. Sherlock shook the feeling away. He’d probably imagined it. First big moment as Prime Minister, and everything.
John stared for a moment, feeling it stretch out into a silent eternity as he took in Sherlock’s inquisitive expression, then swallowed, pursing his lips. He wasn’t exactly sure what he’d been about to ask, but the idea of asking
But what else was there to do? John had known him for less than a month. They couldn’t even speak the same
“Sorry,” the woman said again, and sounded it. “Normally we wouldn’t be, we just happen to have a few couples up for a holiday this weekend, they come every year.”
“Jesus,” he breathed. “Ten minutes at Elton John’s and you’re gayer than you’ve been in years.”
“I’m sorry, sir. I know this is difficult.” The man’s voice was more even now, and despite the underlying urgency, sounded genuinely sympathetic.
He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, but it was long enough for Sherlock to be breathing a bit heavier than normal when they broke apart. John seemed to be as well, breath coming deep and even as he smiled rapturously up at Sherlock.
“…on some – state business,” he finished, because everyone else was waiting in silence, and it stretched on, even afterwards. No one seemed to dare break it.
The choir struck up a slow, a capella rendering of the beginning of “All I Want for Christmas” – then a drummer kicked in, and it sped up, the kids all began some choreographed movements, dancing and swaying.
“Um,” John stammered a little, casting back for his pitiful French. “Je suis, uh, très heureux de – de vous avoir ici…”
John chuckled a bit, looking away as he took another bite of his toast.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak again, but no sound escaped him. But John – more words were already tumbling out of his mouth.
“Oh?”
Sherlock huffed out what he hoped sounded like an amused breath, but his heart had slowed to a crawl. Very slowly, he stooped to pick his trousers up off the floor.
“Are you alright, my love?” he whispered.
“You know.” Sam was sounding unbearably smug. He made kissing noises with his lips, and John grabbed him around the shoulders.
A just-barely-audible intake of breath sounded from John’s parted lips. He stared down at Sherlock’s hand in his like he couldn’t believe it.
Dread suddenly boiled in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach, and he wished he hadn’t asked.
I mean it. I
It was a lovely evening. They shared a cheese platter and laughed over glasses of warm mulled wine. They talked about previous jobs they’d done, where they’d gone to school, their families; John told a story about a prank he’d pulled on his sister as a child that had Sherlock giggling adorably into his hands for minutes afterwards. Later, Sherlock ordered them two bright red cocktails which were bubbling like champagne and had cherries piled at the bottom.
Everything racing through Sherlock’s mind was reflected back unmistakably in John’s eyes, blue and deep and fathomless as the sea.
“I want
John stroked soothingly down the side of Sherlock’s face with one hand, just as he pushed into him with the other, just the tip of his finger, letting Sherlock adjust to the sensation before going any further. Sherlock felt all the air leave his lungs in one quick blast, his hands clutching tightly at John’s back, drawing him close, anchoring himself.
He hung up, and beamed over the expectant crowd.
Sherlock was awake too, John realized. He could feel him already chilly, before Sherlock quickly rolled out of the bed and headed over. He latched the window shut, and a low rumble of thunder rolled over the building from somewhere far away.
He grew stronger still, as surely as night followed day, and to John’s great delight the headaches disappeared completely and with the help of the painkillers the wound faded into a distant echo most of the time. As long as he didn’t move too quickly or put pressure on it for too long, he could almost forget about it entirely. It was still tender, the stitches still delicate, but a few nights later John found himself sitting in his chair with a book on his lap and the stars twinkling outside, feeling like the world might finally be on the way to righting itself.
Sherlock had the song memorized in about ten minutes – it was comically easy compared to what he normally played – but he practiced for hours upon hours anyway. All his free time was devoted to going over those notes, again and again, until they were muscle memory, until he could have played them in his sleep. Until Dad started groaning every time he started up playing it again, so loudly that Sherlock could hear him wherever he was in the house.
She led him down the hall and around a bend to direct him through a glass door, and when Sherlock stepped through it he halted at the sight in front of him.
something that didn’t feel like waiting for his body to catch up with his mind. He was starting to understand exactly how Sherlock felt when he didn’t have the work, and was surprised that Sherlock hadn’t expressed any of the same impatience to go back to it as John was feeling – as Sherlock undoubtedly
“You weren’t here, I needed it,” Sherlock retorted, half defensive, half amused. He smoothed his hand through John’s hair and pulled him in for another kiss, stifling John’s soft laughter with his lips.
“You did?” Sherlock raised his eyes to meet John’s.
“Hey,” Sherlock replied in a whisper, his breath suddenly caught in his throat.
By some miracle, Sherlock managed to endure the eternity it took for something to happen.
And that,
John almost breathed out the words. He was smiling lightly, leaning forward a bit in his chair.
“You probably think I’m pathetic.” He turned back to the road. “Well, you’re not wrong. Hell, I doubt
Slowly, he reached into his jacket again – the inside pocket this time, where he had pulled the CD from earlier that night – and pulled out small, white envelope, which he handed to Sherlock.
“Yeah – bit snug.”
falling between his lips.
Sherlock shifted again, though whether he was moving closer to John or farther away, John couldn’t tell.
This was the chance he had to take, and he couldn’t let it pass by. He needed to tell John. John needed to know, before he was gone and there would be no more last chances.
“Right.” John nodded, absently. “Well, I’m not sure how it would work with the taper-off plan you’re on, but I’ll look into it, okay?”
“Come on and let it show.”
He ended the call, dropped the phone on his desk and raced around it, hurtling towards the door.
“Morning,” he said, and swiftly turned his face away to stifle a yawn.
unhappy.”
“Back to class, then,” John said, and they hurried off as fast as they could without running.
But Sherlock hadn’t even considered it. Because he couldn’t. Because it was too much to face what he already knew.
“They’re not worth it!” he yelled as he stumbled forward, stopping before the dock. “Just –!”
Mycroft had called them all. Yes, yes of
Harry
He sighed, rubbed at his temples a little, then stood up. He’d better go and have that word with Mrs. Turner about her class’s behavior during third period today. Then when school was over he could cut out right away and do the shopping before he went home.
“Very well,” he said. “So listen…”
Sherlock shook his head, as if that could clear away the bad feeling in the room. “Now, who do you have to screw around here to get a cup of tea and a chocolate biscuit?”
He stopped it at the end of the table, with a glance up and a smile. His eyes roved around everyone present, and stopped on Sherlock, lingering.
He hadn’t even realized that they were both hard, their cocks flush against each other through far too many layers of fabric.  Sherlock slid a hand down John’s back to grip his arse, causing him to rut once against Sherlock’s thigh and break off their kiss with a gasp.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock breathed back, his lips pressing softly against John’s chest, an arm wrapping securely around his back.
It was still soft, somehow, the wool smooth under his hand. A bit small on John, now, which is probably why he’d let it phase out of his collection. But it fit like a glove on Sherlock. It would be warm, and gentle on his sensitive skin. And the pattern suited him too – there was something whimsical about it. That was a side of Sherlock he didn’t often express, but it felt very
He felt Sherlock’s lips kissing at his neck again – open mouth kisses, laving hot and wet over his burning skin. Sherlock’s mouth followed his hands, working their way down John’s back – he’d finish rubbing a particular notch down his spine, then lay a kiss there, taking his time and being particularly thorough with his lips and tongue. John heard himself making soft little sounds into his hands, his voice hitching in his throat. Sherlock seemed to like it – he could feel him making little humming sounds of his own, which rumbled down John’s back.
“You know, Sammy,” John said, slowly. He was still looking at the frozen image on the telly. “I’m sure your girl’s wonderful and everything, but general wisdom is, there isn’t just one person for each of us.”
Sherlock set the CD player down on the ground and pressed play. A gentle chorus of women’s voices filled the chilly air.
Laughter burst from John’s throat. “Oh, you –” It was too much to even finish his sentence.
“Whatever happens, Sherlock,” he said, quietly. “I’ll always be there for you.”
She still didn’t even crack a smile.
The street outside was almost silent – no cars driving by, no straggling pubgoers on their way home, no rustling from the trees in the park. It was as if someone had switched off the city.
“…Britain.” Sherlock finished, awkwardly.
The heavy sound of his name on John’s lips made Sherlock stop.
Come follow me on
John didn’t bother to drink his. He gazed in unashamed wonder, unable to look away.
“It’s Mummy on line four,” he said, almost raggedly, “and
insufferable, from the moment she entered the door and began her torrent of worrying, flitting from chair to chair and around the sitting room like some sort of fretful bird. It would have made John laugh if she hadn’t been so bloody agitated.
“What the hell –?” he began, but John cut across him.
“And, Jerry says, if you could just put your hands on his chest?” the AD said, from just out of the way.
John’s ears pricked up – he instinctively leaned in toward him.
in his expression, that he felt his heart swell with the truth of it. He raised a gentle hand to John’s face, brushing a thumb just under those perfect blue eyes, those eyes that held him steady and sure in an unfamiliar place, those eyes that drew him back whenever he was lost or lonely, and Sherlock shook his head.
“It’s a huge fucking mess,” he breathed. “It’s been a mess for years, and it’s so
“Any idea what we’re working on, by the way?” Sherlock said in a low voice. He spoke out of the corner of his mouth, looking over the sea of crew members working at least three cameras.
“Sir, we can’t do this
, and maybe he could just kip for a couple minutes before something else made him get up, before this perfect, peaceful space was driven away…
“Se você viu meu irmão, você entenderia o porquê,” he went on, smirking.
Suddenly, a loud buzzing sound snapped him out of his trance, and he sucked in a steadying breath.
The words made something stir in John’s chest. Something dark, rife with disappointment, or frustration. Why couldn’t Sherlock just understand?
He turned back to Magnussen, whose face barely changed. He merely stared down Sherlock’s look, and quirked an eyebrow upward, as if with curiosity. But Sherlock knew exactly what it meant.
He raced in through the front door and towards the office.
A small huff of laughter left Sherlock’s lips, his eyes brightening. “Then you’ll be here forever.”
The usual, disheartening feeling settled over him, pushing away his musings. They were all pointless, anyway.
Sherlock was breathing as heavily as he had been after chasing down the fake Curtis. All traces of his post-case euphoria were forgotten, and it took him several moments to remember what he had been doing in the first place before he stopped to listen. He stepped back inside and sat down at the desk.
Sherlock hesitated. His insides still felt cold, but…
“Merry Christmas,” he said, finally.
John held on tight, whispering and promising and beaming into their kisses, feeling the future stretch out before him like the shining path home, kindled by the light of his north star.
There was a note of defeat in her voice. Sherlock looked up to see her looking disgustedly at the DJ, who seemed to be getting quite emotional, bobbing his head to the whining tones of singer almost sobbing with melodrama.
“What are you doing here?” he asked. He wasn’t smiling.
He dug through the pockets of his coat – slung over the back of the desk chair – and pulled out his phone. A message from Mycroft, containing a single sentence of congratulations. Sherlock shoved the phone back into his coat without replying.
John couldn’t reply, because he was busy moaning wantonly at the feeling of Sherlock’s fingertip teasing his hole. Still slick from the massage oil, it rubbed slow circles around the rim. It felt
“Yeah, that would be – if you want…”
“Don’t worry,” John said, and he reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. “This was my school, I know my way around.”
Lestrade’s face didn’t change, though Sherlock was sure it wasn’t without effort. “Certainly, sir.”
“He’s with me,” John said, as firm as he dared.
“Do you trust me?” Leo asked.
He rang the doorbell, and only had to wait a second or two before Harry had hurled it open.
Sherlock was looking up at him with those bright, piercing eyes that always made John lose his train of thought. John swore they had entire galaxies in them.
Nothing.
Sherlock’s eyebrow gave a little twitch, but he didn’t ask any questions. Maybe he, like John, was too overwhelmed to say much of anything. His heart seemed to swell a little at the thought.
John’s face was brightly expectant as he hit the play button. Sherlock scrubbed a hand down his own face, holding his bent elbow across his chest like a shield.
He picked up the nearest phone, and hit four.
Mummy had always liked being out here, along the river. Sherlock wondered if John did, too.
John sighed a bit, swallowing down the fondness that surged up without warning in his throat. He reached between them to give Sherlock’s leg an affectionate squeeze.
“You incorrigible man,” Sherlock went on. His hands started to knead gently at his buttocks, and it sent jolts of arousal down to John’s cock – hard now, trapped underneath him. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say this was a scheme to get me into bed.”
“…arbore…” John trailed off. Whatever language
They began to sway together, in a slow circle; there was a few feet of space around them on all sides, between them and the other couples.
Actually, probably best just to check in with everyone once the meeting was over. Sherlock began to sway his hips a little to the synth track.
John clung on to his hand, still laced with his. “Stay,” he murmured.
twitch pulling at the edge.
,” John muttered under his breath.
“I’m sorry, I’ll be quiet.”
“I bet she told you all sorts of terrible things about us, didn’t she?” John went on.
Forcing his hand to steady enough to reach it, he pulled it out and brought it up to his ear. “Hello?”
“That’s alright, more for me.” He pushed a grin up onto his face, and took a bite. “Thank God I’ve got one of those constitutions where I never put on weight, or this French food would be killing me.”
A split-second of confusion crossed John’s face, before it passed into bright, grinning understanding. His hands smoothed their way down Sherlock’s arms and landed on the lapels of his jacket.
John was coming through the opposite door, bearing a tray with two glasses and a decanter of scotch. He flashed Sherlock that winning smile.
Well, there was nothing else for it, was there?
“I’m surprised you managed to tear yourself away long enough to come down here.” Sherlock kept his gaze determinedly forward.
The hall beyond was filled with gleaming whitewashed tile and grand oil paintings of long-haired, long-robed men lining the walls. Half a dozen well-dressed officials stood stiff and straight, like soldiers at attention. And in the middle of them, wearing his usual three-piece suit and satisfied half-smirk, was Mycroft.
Sherlock pressed a long, smiling kiss beneath John’s ear. They stayed there for a long moment, not bothering to move, even as John felt the strength start to flow back into his limbs. There was nowhere in the world that John wanted to be more than here.
It wasn’t a beautiful Christmas Eve; it had rained earlier, and would probably drizzle on and off all night. It felt appropriate, in a way, but still disappointing. He’d been hoping this would at least feel like a special moment.
“Right.” Sherlock nodded, his lips quirking upward in sympathy. He understood.
She leaned forward, stretching her arm out in front of her along the bar. “Hi, I’m Stacey.”
Sam’s face darkened, but only a little bit. “Same as usual,” he said.
“Ou…” Sherlock pressed his hand to his chest. “Romance?”
“Let me,” he murmured between John’s lips.
“Right.” Sherlock nodded, and John grinned at him again before moving out onto the landing.
Sherlock had been keeping eyes to the ground for a week before he suddenly realized what he had to do.
“John,
“Oh, God,” John sighed. “Good thing you’re a snugglebug.”
It took everything he had not to think about what the doctor had last said – what they’d both been desperate to know, and then desperate not to. It had been insulting. Hardly anything. An instant. It was a period of time long enough for an insect, or a terrible West End show, and giving it to the brilliant, wonderful, extraordinary Sherlock Holmes was nothing short of offensive. But still John held fast onto it, wide awake and watching, as both his sentence and his parole slowly slipped by forever.
