“What? How?” He turned to Cas as John reappeared from the kitchen. The metal clinking of the dogs’ bowls echoed through the lower level of the house, their hungry snouts devouring their food.
“Nope, I’m not. C’mon, Meep, off you go,” he shooed the dodo from his lap, scrambling to his feet. “We have a lot to explore. Shall we?”
“Good. Neither am I, to be honest.”
“Shut up or Jesus take the wheel,” Greg reprimanded him, momentarily letting go of the steering wheel to emphasize the threat, his words lacking the venom that would otherwise be expected. He shook his head, his lips quivering as he fought a smile. John patted him on the shoulder. “Lil’ bastard, you know how to make me feel good about myself. Just wait until
Irene grabbed it and took her stance. She moved her hips to get ready, staring the pixie down. “Adieu, Lala!” The velocity and the angle at which the pixie disappeared among the trees into the sunset was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever witnessed.
“Our parents,” Irene said. She scratched her nose. “They would like you to have at least one friend, you know? Someone who would make you leave that cluttered bedroom of yours.”
Waking up to the sounds of snoring was more than usual. Waking up to the sound of birds chirping in Oregon was not, though it was welcome. But waking up to the sight of an angel standing in the corner of one’s room, not so much.
How are you peeps doing? I hope 2021 is gentle with you so far. School starts tomorrow and anxiety is kicking in full force! I've no idea how graduation is gonna be like this year, Jim Moriarty help me :'))
“What’s that girl doing, Ma?” a small boy asked, making Irene stop midway through her crawl. She came back out, brows furrowed at a family of five that had gathered round. Shit, he would almost forget that the Shack was open.
“You’ve pawed your way too far this time ‘round, Dog-tective!” a criminal on the show said to the canine hero.
“It’s been years, Gregory. They’re not seven anymore but in their twenties. They can handle it.”
episode 7, chapter 4
“And anyways,” he continued and a creak of a chair could be heard in the background, indicating he made himself more comfortable, “the journal isn’t decoded fully yet. There may be more in it than we realise, Miss Morstan. Or should I call you Agra? You kids and your nicknames! Funny.”
“You always reassure me. You and John and Sam have that in common. You have a very positive attitude where others are concerned, but why? You gain nothing from it.”
Sherlock’s gaze darkened for a second at the mention of the name Black, but he nodded to prompt Fletcher to continue.
“Kinda cool,” Billy concluded, taking off his shoe to shake out accumulated sand. “Do you think Sam would retell some adventures to us?”
“Uh, why not?” Shit, shit, shit! She’ll have to be quick and evacuate Jake. “How about… You change into pyjamas and then come up? Sherlock’s sleeping in John’s room, so we can chat. Just be quiet walking upstairs, take it slow.”
. “Can we go back? I need to… somehow ensure Mike doesn’t accidentally send the baseball crashing back at Molly.”
A minute later, Jake and the girls slipped through under the house and into the room he and the puppets inhabited. Will was on his feet to greet Jake, but stopped and stuttered at the sight of tiny humans dismounting his back.
He flipped to the next, only to read the following words:
“Ah, an eager mind. I’m sure you will enjoy the library that is at everyone’s disposal all day, except for night time, of course, although there have been instances where people sneaked inside after our Librarian closed it. I like to think they did it because they forgot their favourite quill or their unfinished essay which they so neatly scribbled down ahead of time before the deadline, but unfortunately some are daring and like to seek out the Forbidden Section.”
Sherlock took the ring from him and placed it atop Gloria’s just as she rose in the air, ready to start round two of her havoc. But the moment the rings touched, the static in the air stilled, a wheezing sound capturing their attention.
Irene held her breath as she came closer to the portables. She won’t leave him to suffocate in there for goodness’ sake. She knocked on the door. The man knocked back. Thinking it funny, Irene asked, “Who’s there?”
“You’ll regret this,” Sherlock said in a warning tone. Struggling against the confines of his silver framed prison. “John will know you’re not me.”
“So… you really are not angry?” Sherlock asked, ust to make sure.
was going to call Sherlock names. He had brushed Wilkes and his stupid butthurt ass off the first time these two clashed, but not anymore. Irene had mentioned that Sherlock used to have a rough time back in London, especially in middle school and highschool, but how bad was the extent and impact it had on Sherlock? John probably rightfully suspected that Sherlock and his peers ventured beyond what could be called ‘friendly teasing’.
“Not your fault. How did that fucker even get here?”
“More like you forced me to do so,” Sherlock grumbled from the bed.
in which there is a conspiracy
“A vampire? Seriously? What is this, Twilight?”
Sherlock took it one step further, hugging John from behind as he picked up the backpack and put it forth as means of offense against the plants. John laughed. “For someone who’s pretty detached around other people, you’re real snuggly, you know that?”
“I think this slipped from your pocket,” Irene said suggestively, wiggling her neat eyebrows. The girl, perplexed by the attention of a seductive British woman dressed in shorts and a glittery tank top, took the note, unfolded it and read it. She looked up, eyes wide as saucers, and Kate sucked in a hiss.
Behind her stood Cas dressed in a dark blue shirt, top two buttons unbuttoned, no undershirt underneath. As for his charcoal jeans. Irene took the creative fashion liberty to cut off half of the material, just above Cas’ knees. As such, his makeshift shorts were born, and the half-ragged style suited him. His dishevelled raven black hair completed the look, and all he lacked were sunglasses and flip flops.
the perfect disguise, however disturbing. I was, thankfully, wrong. They smuggle cigarettes. Well, not the boy I stared down in the ‘Employees Only’ room, he is coerced into it by an older colleague because he is young, naive, and broke, but… He did provide me a description of the man I thought was Rosie’s kidnapper. I was on my way to track him down and beat him with a candy cane just for the sheer rage I had going on inside me, but then you texted me and prompted me to come…. So I did. And the ‘kidnapper’ turned out to be Mike Stamford. Rosie was with you the whole time, and I’m an ineffable idiot.”
“Why do you have to nitpick? It’s bullshit from the internet.”
“They’re not silly!” he glared at her, crossing his arms. “They’re essential and engaging, unlike your Friday dates and hookups.”
“Whatever, Gabe. Ouch! What was that for?” Sherlock rubbed his cheek angrily. Lestrade threw a grape at him.
“Why is it a mirror?” a faceless person asked, a middle aged woman, by the sound of it. Irene snorted. Ah, yes -- Greg’s humour shone through.
The M Club demands fruits of labor, and Mary is competitive enough to do as asked. She has no other option. Irene and Kate have height complexes, and Greg is fed up by the subtle offers the M Club sends his way. Neither the Boss nor Mary are amused, and Irene and Kate get on a trail of something big.
“You don’t think half my ideas are good, and yet you still come despite the possibility of them being dangerous,” Sherlock said airily, snow crunching under his feet. John picked up his pace, suppressing the urge of bringing up the Aging Potion incident, but that may be too much for the Ravenclaw’s ego now (and John was still taller, ha).
A whimper echoed throughout the kitchen and into the living room. Suddenly, a man appeared in the doorframe, stopping dead in his tracks, a hand mid-motion in his blond hair. He stared at the kids, who stared right back. The other man continued a grumpy monologue, probably unpacking the groceries, not realising the stunned silence.
“Enough to get a picture of what to expect,” Lestrade grinned. That wasn’t a normal reaction when a person was told what Sherlock was capable of. “Just don’t summon dead pirate zombies and I’ll be fine. And no experiments with open flames in the house, mind you, but that’s a no-brainer I think.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for.”
Where did they even meet him? Unimportant since they brought him in the house, but a detail nonetheless. What mattered was that Castiel wasn’t a demon, since he didn’t get caught in any of the hidden devil traps and its variations scattered across the house in invisible ink. He ate just fine touching silverware, and salt caused nothing. Greg ran other small tests to try and pinpoint him, but so far Cas seemed okay. Good for him, Greg would hate to unpack his gear, and by that he meant
see you in 5!
“Two weeks? You’re slower than I thought.”
“That’s all?” Irene bore her stern blue gaze into his hazel eyes, daring him to omit any detail. “You just shared a look? You guys are dumber than to take clues like that.”
The step-siblings froze, as did John mid-step. “Wasn’t me,” he peeped, casting an uncertain sideways look to the stairwell.
Harry nodded and put the silky Cloak over his head, vanishing out of sight instantly. Sherlock’s eyes flicked around, trying to find any trace of him, unable to do so. He quite enjoyed being hidden from the detective’s gaze.
It took him a moment to realise what had happened, his hand automatically rubbing at the side of his ribs. It didn’t feel like he broke them, but it hurt as hell. Gloria must’ve thrown a stone at him, or at least a fragment of it.
Irene snorted. “Good luck with that, Johnny-boy. I’m quite the resilient lesbian.”
So, case. Sherlock's first murder, in fact! More on that in five days ;) And that's also when the creepy stuff sets in~
Things were starting to get interesting.
“Is that common?”
Enjoy the chapter!
“Wait! What is this? How -- why? What are you doing?”
“Nah, they were compliant.”
“How come I never heard that story?” Kate poked him in the arm, expecting an explanation.
“My calculations do work, and my inventions do their job just fine so far. If I were an optimist I’d say my chances are up to ninety percent, but I won’t grant myself the satisfaction. Gotta be prepared for every outcome.”
“Bathroom,” Sherlock explained, snuggling closer to John. He threw a long leg over John’s right leg, hugging his torso. John sneaked a hand in those dark brown curls, a gasp escaping Sherlock’s mouth. He became much more pliant in his arms this way; he liked having his scalp massaged. “Feels nice.”
“And you’re gorgeous and beautiful and worthy of sharing the lascivious praise these fabled creatures attained,” John grinned, relishing the blush on Sherlock’s cheeks. “If you were a merman, would you be called Merlock?”
“We’ve got small, medium, and large cups,” the guy said, motioning at the plastic mounts besides the machines.
“You’re no fun, John,” Sherlock pouted fakely, snickering when John smacked him with the notebook. “It could be fun!”
“I’ll rip your face off, you-” Her voice was muffled by a purple skinned pixie.
“As if it matters what Gavin’s name is,” he said hastily, hoping that John would mishear the name if he talked faster than usual. He swallowed with difficulty, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. “I find ‘Lestrade’ more suitable. It’s not like he’s my next of kin.”
“Oh, please,” Irene rolled her eyes, leaning against the cash register. She leaned in closer to John as if she were about to share a dark secret. “You seriously don’t think I can’t hear you sing in the shower? Your voice is so deep even whispering sounds like thunder! Admit it, you sing. And your singing is
I'm curious what you'll think of this one, we'll get to see a bit of the bond between John and Greg :)
“So you thought standin’ here till I wake up was a good idea?”
“Ay, don’t believe that crap. Mama Odie is over a hundred and look how chipper she is! You’re not even forty, chill your man-boobs.”
“Be nice,” John reprimanded, nudging him aside to grab a towel, throwing one over Sherlock. “And we should call them. It’s six and they’re still out. And we also need to walk the dogs, get dinner started, get dressed before any of this so we’re not caught naked and flash half the inhabitants of this house, and…”
“Hermione,” said Harry and grabbed his friend by the arm. “Are you sure this is safe?”
"About the owl… I'd prefer if you limited your use of it for a few days," he said, watching his son.
My humble tumblr:
Thank you all for reading, and I wish you all a happy day/night wherever you are~
She moved to get up, flicking him in the ear while she did so. “I’m going into the attic. For your own good, I hope you picked up your sweaty socks, Holmes.”
“He has no idea what’s coming for him, does he?” Mirage asked, arms crossed.
“You are
in which Jake has news
Aunt Martha beamed at him and began cutting the pieces. “I should let them cool off completely, but I am very impatient when it comes to baking. I like them fudgy and a little liquidy, if you don’t mind.”
“Good. I don’t feel knackered. Maybe tomorrow, we’ll see how effective my stretching has been.”
Sherlock did as he was told, but Greg stormed in, grabbing a handful of popcorn into his fist and stuffing his mouth with it not unlike a rabid squirrel. “Need to go out,” he said, spitting little bits of corn on them. John flicked a piece off of his cheek in annoyance. “Donovan texted she’s hosting a poker night and she wants to win against her nemesis Riley, so I’m heading over to help her.”
. Who even came up with it?
John used his elbow to turn the knob and kicked the door open, only to collapse on his knees and then stomach dramatically, whimpering.
Sherlock’s mind was emptying from the constant buzz and noise that seemed to be ever-so-present when he was awake. His breathing was starting to even out, and his conscious drifted into light sleep, deepening with every peaceful second.
episode 9, chapter 4
The show was starting at six, ending at seven, and Mrs Hudson promised to take them to the local diner for a piece of pie for dinner after. Who would say no to that? They all had a sweet, sweet tooth.
“You tell me, turkey,” Greg bit back, squinting at Sherlock, the Ravenclaw reciprocating the facial expression in a deadly manner before John stepped in, already aggravated. God help him this year at Hogwarts.
"But this time the creature was quite persistent," Fletcher said. "And he managed to knock drag me to the house. And there I was greeted by Harry Potter and his two angry friends."
“Fine,” huffed Lestrade, digging hands in pockets. “Just make sure the tourists don’t rob you. Or the ghost-lady Henry talked about. I’ll be back in a bit. Watch the boat or something in the meantime.”
“They can’t take the dogs out for longer than fifteen minutes?” Sherlock sniffed, burying his face in the crook of John’s neck. “Vile.”
thank you for reading and enjoy!
“What on earth for? There are enough holes in these cheap walls for that. No, I keep my knitting and wools up there so no one messes with it. But I’m the only one with the access key! Oh, Sherlock, do you think someone broke in?”
“We’re just as befuddled as you, believe me.”
Mary’s voice got through to them again, her fakeness ticking John off just a tiny bit like an alarm. Everyone else besides the four of them seemed to be oblivious to it. He couldn’t blame them, Mary had time to practise genuinity on stage since the age of ten, when her grandpa took her to an international talent show and she’d won. Mary’s career took off that same day.
She agreed on letting John stay after politely asking - he saw it fit since Sherlock was his friend and that's what friends do.
“Okay, uh, how about we settle on a compromise?” he suggested. Irene whimpered. “We can get your three most colourful skirts and socks, and five t-shirts.”
“So you boys are both from wizarding families?” John's mom asked, putting a hand on their shoulders.
John saw Sherlock flinch from the corner of his eye. The movement was gone as fast as it appeared, but it got John worried. “Sherlock? You alright?”
Barbie dolls. A fair number of them, too.
“How do you do this? This is witchcraft,” Kate squinted at her. Her pen tapped angrily against the cashier’s desk. The magic trick was to always start in the middle. Apparently Kate had never ever played tic-tac-toe, so Irene decided to teach her. She specifically asked not to be coddled, so Irene delivered, though she was sneaky with her tactic, curious when Kate will catch onto her.
“Why does it have to get to sex every time?” John asked as he got his breathing under control. His gaze flickered to Sherlock’s. “Why do you play her game?”
Everyone peeked over him. Donovan and Alistair stepped forward, taking a closer look at the situation. John and Sherlock exchanged glances and nodded. John took out his phone and got his camera ready.
“Huh,” he said. “Ta daa?”
Cas appeared to contemplate it. “No,” he said slowly. “They get damaged, and they eventually fall off. If an angel dies, their wings burn into the surface behind or under them.”
“Not surprised,” John said, focusing on Janine like Sherlock did -- well, try may be more suitable, but he was right. The tells were there. “She’s from the richest family in town. An heiress or something. Greg hates their guts, but not many share his opinion -- they fawn over them like they’re a royal family. And Janine sure acts like a royal, but less gracious and more like an asshole. She belittles everyone she deems beneath herself -- so like, ninety-nine percent of the town’s population.”
Squeezing water out of his curls and slicking them back, Sherlock walked out on the shore. “Probably helplessly in love with you,” he murmured, probably thinking John’s out of earshot.
“Yeah, we’re social like that. But hey, hugs help. Sherlock and I have this unspoken rule we pick up on when we need a hug, so we can have one, too! Just holler if you feel like crap and I’ll give you the best hug ever, alright?”
“Nope. Fuck off.”
Castiel cast him a long evaluating look. It lasted more seconds than John felt comfortable with (funny since Sherlock did the same with his deductions), but in the end Castiel hummed in agreement. “That would be very charitable of you.”
Mary hummed, sagging in the passenger’s seat as Vivien walked up to Greg Lestrade. She turned on her earpiece to catch the conversation between them.
“Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets, Helga?” Sherlock asked the founder. Helga froze, eyes flicking to Rowena and back to him. Rowena narrowed her gaze, and Helga’s eyebrows twitched.
name?
Interrupting their debate, Mrs Hudson came inside the gift shop to dust. “Hello, girls,” she said, carrying her tools and putting them on the counter next to Irene. “Kate, you look lovely today. Glowing, even.”
in which Jake meets Kate
“I can explain!” Sherlock stood up from the couch, his curls bouncing from side to side. John’s face was ashen, and he let himself be terrorised by tiny Irene who seemed to have no clue what was going on.
And then it happened. The sinking feeling of happiness being drained, sucked away from you and the hopeless feeling of not being able to stop it. It dripped and dripped like a broken sink, and then the Dementors appeared.
I'm not kidding, I loathe bananas. That's it for a random fact of the day
singing in TV shows and movies. I skipped through most Disney songs.”
*rant over*
Before John followed Lestrade back into the house, he tugged at Sherlock’s sleeve. “Hey, take it from this side: we can pass the time by deducing all the people who pass us! It’s like a prologue to our date.”
And suddenly, a sweet sort of smile that reminded him of a feline spotting its prey spread on her face. His smile faltered a little and he braced himself for her pouncing on him as he already foresaw the brawl they’d have. (Nothing serious, just a typical fight siblings and step-siblings experienced, with added intellectual power bonus)
Dumbledore’s mouth twitched into another smile. He nodded thoughtfully, leaning into his chair. “Indeed, but at the same time, it isn’t only our innate qualities that decide our placement.”
Gabriel shifted in his seat, a thoughtful look clouding his eyes. “It does seem outside of our area of expertise,” he said. “Which sucks ass. You mentioned that in the journal and some archived letter it mentions O’Learys and their pact with the Natives, but most of that bias is probably discarded. So that leaves us with nothing but bare ass cheeks. Great.”
“I will be,” she said in a small thick voice through repressed tears. “God, why me? First I got seduced by three pixies in a trench coat who wanted me to be their mother, not a girlfriend, and now this? I can’t believe this. Just my luck. I wanted to help her!”
“Born mute,” Sherlock signed, and John’s eyes widened in understanding.
“Oh yeah? I could’ve sworn you were deaf too. I hope you don’t talk in front of the kids.”
“I’m not that old a hag, John,” she said, smiling wryly. “Give a woman some credit.”
Sherlock chuckled, trying to imagine strawberries or tomatoes growing and sprouting from the ground around the Shack. “No, I suppose not.” Silence fell upon them, and Lestrade turned the radio on, switching it immediately to his trusty collection of 70s and 80s rock music. Sherlock let himself relax, gazing out into the streets they passed. Here and there were married couples with their children, or pets. Strange how many lives were playing out in front of him and all he got was a single look.
“Grand? Yes, I’m aware. Namely since the Club has already aided you grandly in order to make this possible in the first place. You’ve been naughty enough. Settle for the unknown for a while, Miss Morstan. The M Club accepted you for a reason, and you have the journal at your disposal. If my memory serves right, you were supposed to crack the codes down with its help, since you advertise your psychic abilities so much.”
words: 6493
They moved in quiet synchronicity. Sherlock’s awoken steps led him to the bowls to fill them with fresh water and food, and John’s to the fridge to pour them refrigerated apple juice. Calm and peace settled over them, the remoteness of the house serving as a good reminder that silence is an underappreciated commodity.
“We do, but I would advise you to only go there if it is really necessary for your education. You may borrow books from our Librarian in case you have teacher’s permission,” Dumbledore said, his face serious.
ANYWAY, we'll get to the birthdays and birth years of John, Sherlock, Irene and Greg eventually as we progress.
“Bloody hell, you and your ‘Mind Palace’....”
“You didn’t know it for sure that there would be a cave.” It wasn’t accusatory, just a statement of truth. John knew the answer, which was reinforced by Sherlock looking anywhere but at him. “Mhm.”
“I’d rather not talk about it,” he said. His tone was mild, but she recognised the finality in it.
“The one that’s been lying in that secret underground compartment I saw you open that you’re currently clutching to your chest like your life depends on it?”
Sherlock hummed, happy to make John comfortable. “What made your sleep bad?”
“The circumstances weren’t exactly joyful. He and… his partner helped me get away from my abusive husband, you see.”
Five minutes later -- which, frankly, felt like an eternity of an eternity to Sherlock -- Rosie fell asleep, and so he put her back in her stroller to doze. They were currently in the section where they displayed honey, but as much as Sherlock preferred farmer’s markets to browse their sortiment of products, he couldn’t resist to do so here as well. Bees. That’s another topic he can educate Rosie on. Maybe one day they may even have some of their own, together. He, and John, and Rosie.
“Cool! You can sign up until the end of July,” he said, clicking his tongue. “Maybe the two of us will get
The bed creaked as Irene’s weight dipped on the old mattress. Sherlock watched his sister untangle her dark hair from the fishtail braid Kate tied it into earlier, his own body fidgeting on the carpet.
Mundungus glared at John, but dropped his gaze when his eyes linked with Sherlock’s steely irises. "Look, one of them is coming down anyway to fill you in, I heard them say so. The locket is long gone in the hands of this… unpleasant witch at the ministry. Umbridge, I think, was her name. She took it in exchange of not giving me a fine, that’s all."
She picked up the book, deciding that it was the perfect literature of highest order to introduce to a sentient racoon. Plus, it gave out enough existential crisis to develop his critical thinking, too! Two in one!
out of it. “TARDIS and the Rift could account for….” Oh wow, only now did Irene notice that the markers were blue. Huh. The same shade of blue as the police box. Nice touch, TARDIS. “Which brought Sherlock to the conclusion that….” Sherlock circled the board, looking at the combined chicken scratches from behind.
John dared look at Sherlock warningly, watching as the younger boy assessed Anderson with his alert silver eyes.
“Don’t ask,” Irene shook her head, wishing there was a way for her to forget the encounter ever happened, make it only a mere deja vu whenever she saw a picture of the actor himself, nothing else. “And…. How’s Jake doing?”
Eventually, they broke off, breathless, lips pink and a little swollen. Sherlock returned the favour, using John’s lemon-honey shampoo to wash his much shorter hair. The sun took out the darker shades in it, making it look golden and light like hay. His hips were hugged by John’s hands, keeping him in place and close.
“I see. How do your parents feel about you being in the Tournament?” Skeeter asked briskly, her nails clicking on the wooden crate’s surface.
Cas got up from his spot and returned to his guest room that John had so kindly shown him. He liked them. And for some reason, John seemed extremely trustful -- an intriguing point he’ll reflect on. Sherlock and Irene, siblings, had a similar dynamic like the Winchesters, but less trauma in the mix, fortunately. And Greg Lestrade was also nice. But there was something off about him. He seemed to be calculated but honest and earnest in his hospitality. Cas brushed it off as him being overly suspicious from his before-sanctuary slumber period spent on Earth. And he guessed it was bad guest etiquette if he questioned his hosts.
“Thanks -- a splash of milk and a teaspoon of sugar. That’s enough.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Irene nodded. She grabbed her luggage and tugged. “But hey, it’s the authentic American experience for free!”
“Don’t call me
“No, you don’t,” John snapped, straightening everyone’s back. “Take the day off. Put up a maintenance sign. Just… self-care, alright? Crash on the couch for all I care, but get some rest. Please. Sherlock and I are taking Cas out on the town to show him around, so it’ll be quiet in here. Kate and Irene can have a gossip meeting in the attic, and Mrs Hudson moves around like a mouse. Please, Greg.”
“Profanity!” he said, mockingly shocked, pointing a finger at the Hufflepuff.
next up: johnlock date! I will tell you a fun fact: the whole of episode 7 resolves purely around our two lovely idjits ;) more of that on the 30th!
Mycroft gave him a bemused look. He really was worried.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes, saying, “Is it? My, I’ve got to tell my mother!”
PS: apologies for any typos, I didn't have time to proof read and I am not British either, feel free to britpick me!
“Ugh, I’m tired,” John yawned, taking their empty plates and putting them on the coffee table. He tumbled onto his side, lying atop Sherlock, pinning him down. “I hate summer temperatures.”
John smelled even more bullshit. He raised an eyebrow, annoyed at all the anonymous faces he would probably never meet who dared call Sherlock a freak, or worse. Kids could be cruel and excluded anyone that was different from them, but if adults resorted to such childish games then that spoke volumes about their maturity. Sherlock
Ah, he remembers now.
"You should know at least the very basics," John said, finally giving up and pulling the sweater off of himself. He sighed in relief when the itchiness stopped. "I mean It, Sherlock, do you know how many planets our solar system has?"
“Forgot my purse again,” is all the upkeeper says, pursing her lips into a bemused line. She took out a matchbox from her pocket and lit match after match, tossing each into the pit. “You should’ve put the bunny in the box, you know. Mr Rabbiarty didn’t deserve to taste your shoes.”
Irene tried to downplay it. “It wasn’t that bad! It was fun at first….”
“Good. He was in Ireland for most of the summer holiday with his grandma and then he spent two weeks in Wales with his mom,” John said, yawning.
“It looks pretty nifty to me,” Greg pursed his lips into an impressed line. The doll’s torso was made of beige wool, and Mrs. Hudson snatched one of his older shirts to dress it in, but the trousers were knitted as they were. The pair of shoes the doll was wearing was also handmade (so much for fitted and tailored), and he noticed Mrs Hudson stuffed its biceps
“We can do an experiment on your ability to perform a number of accents,” Sherlock offered. He had an inkling that John was trying to lighten up the atmosphere (successfully) in order not to make Sherlock overly sad about his older brother. A nice gesture. Such a John move, and Sherlock felt happy, albeit nostalgic. “But anyway, Mycroft left. He said he might not be able to come home for summer if he’s busy with his jobs all over Canada and the US and whatnot, so that’s why I told him to bring a big treasure. But…. Summer came and went, and Mycroft was nowhere to be seen. Mommy was suspicious right after he’d left in January that year, but he was all over the place and she couldn’t get a proper hold of him. She kept it from us, of course, not to worry us and only told me later when I asked.”
“I hope it’s not on his crotch.”
“Oh, next to the fish guy!” She pointed in the aforementioned man’s general direction, leaning her elbow on Mike’s shoulder. He leaned in, the two of them synchronized after years of friendship. “But I need a refill, so I’ll get you one, okay?”
“No-o-o.” Sherlock hugged John, arms around his neck. “I didn’t starve. I was only very economical when it came to consuming the takeaway Irene ordered for us.”
Another angry hush from the librarian a few bookshelves over made him roll his eyes dramatically. John his his amusement behind his clenched fist on which he propped his chin. Sherlock flipped through his notes on the issue of the Chamber, lost in thought. John peered closer, squinting at the atrocious, hurried writing.
"What in the bloody hell?" John shouted as he was pushed into a deserted classroom.
’ started playing and Sherlock turned up the volume. Ah, that felt better: blasting his eardrums off. He wriggled in the seat, but it was tricky. He sat behind Mrs Hudson, and she liked to angle her seat backwards so he had little space to maneuver in. His eyes darted from tree to tree, neck turned so that his mind could drift off.
“Should I get you a Remembrall?” That earned John a shove in the shoulder, and he laughed, looking back to the Ravenclaw table where his eyes met Sherlock’s. A familiar warmth spread through him, eyes crinkling as he gave Sherlock a wink before turning back to Carl. “Anyway, we can do the Divination homework together back up in the Common Room.”
Irene stared at her, left eye twitching. If it weren’t for the absurdity of this situation and the fact they could’ve died two minutes ago, she’d laugh in her face.
“Hello, little bugger,” Irene patted him, his shiny fur soft under his fingertips. She waved a hello to the dolls, Will being the most enthusiastic, though the Hulk seemed to be warming up to her. And Pocahontas… she watched like a hawk. Not that Irene blamed her. She and her land probably had seen enough white people to last forever.
“That didn’t stop her from going after us.”
The last insistence was yelled at John, startling both him and Sherlock out of their chairs.
Sherlock let out a tired sigh. This was terrible. Torture. And the worst part was, deep down, seated amidst the hidden boxes of emotions and intuition, he knew she had a point and was, to a lesser degree, correct. A small part of him had already started developing
“Precisely.”
“So what happened for real?” she asked Sherlock as they ascended the stairs to the attic. Greg kept swearing to himself for being a ‘forgetful dickhead’ while John laughed his arse off. “You look awful.”
John grabbed him by the wrist, spinning him around and slamming him full force into the wall. “Oh, look. Just when I thought I asked for your opinion you come in and absolutely prove that I, in fact, very much
“Not the point,” Sherlock scowled at himself, hands defiantly resting on canted hips. He still couldn’t get used to his reflection not mirroring his every move whenever he went. “
“The more you struggle, the more awkward it will be,” said a pixie hovering over his step-sister’s head.
"We survived six years of Hogwarts, walking in London while Death Eaters want to hunt you down? I do that as a morning exercise," joked Harry, taking out his Invisibility Cloak, its silvery lining glimmering in the remaining afternoon light. Sherlock's eyes sparkled at the sight of it, but he stayed quiet, hands in pockets.
…. okay, listen up. I enjoyed our time together, I really did - but a mom? What? Sorry girls, but I’m not out of university yet. Whatever you thought, auras don’t give you enough credence to think I would be a good mother. Not at all. I apologise, but I have to politely decline your offer. I don’t want kids in the foreseeable….
“How do you know?”
“I didn’t mean you.”
Part of him expected rusty sounds to crackle from underneath the knitted and crocheted skins like bones, but it was creepily quiet. He noticed Mr Rabbiarty was dropped on the ground, midway from the dolls and Sherlock, John, and Irene. He was awfully small compared to the other displays and so hopeless on the ground.
"Make sure they get it, okay?" he told the owl, which hooted pleasingly. He was perfect for the job, how could he doubt him? John caressed his feathers and then let him out into the cold winter night. He watched Henry fly farther and farther until he was just a tiny dot on the moonlit sky.
“Good thing I’m studying fashion,” Irene said, pursing her lips and whirling on the balls of her feet to push through the crowd. “Excuse me! Your future designer is coming through! Make way unless you want me to go full Sharpay on you!”
Sherlock turned the pages. To his surprise, they were filled with information and data about magical creatures and urban legends from the area. There were ciphers messily scribbled in the corners of some pages, graphs, drawings of said creatures, and details about them.
“Wait, bring me a metal straw too, please!” Kate yelled at the top of her lungs, startling John who stood behind her. Sherlock made an affirmative noise and disappeared in the house beyond. “Aw, I like how he’s basically like our posh British butler.”
He had to occupy his mind,
It was awkward. Blake felt that he should probably say something to Potter; he didn’t mutter a syllable since Dumbledore asked him whether someone else put his name in the Goblet. He was obviously uncomfortable and exhausted.
special thanks to bee, dee, and maple syrup
already. Part of her still couldn’t believe the day when these two pining idiots decided to take action had come. Ah, beautiful. God did exist after all! She did not even mind losing to Kate. Twenty dollars well spent. “What are your intentions with my brother?”
“What’s it saying?” Irene pried, digging elbows in Sherlock’s back to get a peek at it. He wriggled to shake her off, but her pointy bones dug deeper. He gave up, vacating his seat and she immediately occupied it like a ruddy cat.
“Marianas Trench… the hole in the sea?”
“Well, fourth time could be the lost charm,” the Doctor suggested feebly. Irene squared her shoulders and marched inside TARDIS, the rest at her heels.
“Speaking of which, she and Fritz took a trip around the world. That’s why the kids are here in the first place. First time, in fact. I told you before that they study in Toronto like we did, didn’t I? You’ll be proud to hear that both Sherlock and Irene are doing great. Well, Sherlock is blowing up the chemistry labs from time to time, but that’s because he gets bored. Or so I was told by Millie. I warned him not to light any fires inside the Shack, but one never knows with him, eh? He’s just as curious as he was as a kid, apparently.”
“Exactly. Or I catch him in the act like you said. But I won’t blackmail him into stopping, that’s not my style. I may do that with Greg though.”
“Oh shut it, you. You watch too much
“Good enough for me. So, does this mean we are going to solve the mystery of this journal?” Irene cocked her head at the book lying on the floor like some ritual accessory. “I’d say we make a bloody great team.”
Sherlock refused to call it pining. No. Just… no. He only took refuge by the living room window, thinking today was a spectacular day for bird watching. Yes, the yellow-stained window provided the right artistic delicacy to observe the outside world from inside the Shack.
,” Anthea pointed out, correctly so. “
“Yes, Mrs Hudson has a stash,” Irene said, noting a bit of wayward spiderweb lazily hanging from Sherlock’s shoulder and elbow. “Want a cuppa? We’re taking a breather, we’ve picked out a dress for Mrs Hudson. It’s lovely. I was thinking we could have face masks to help her relax even more, and then some of those fun exercises we did before fashion shows in Toronto, like balancing books on our heads and so on. Greg is going to join us soon. Wanna come down and keep us company?”
“Yeah, but Irene put in a twenty. Gotta collect taxes later. Heee! All my stars aligned for perfection!”
bloodier. Everyone wanted a piece, and rules ceased to exist after the roll of dice.
God dammit. He’ll deal with it when most of his blood returns to his brain. He shifted his hips away from John, careful not to wake him. He can’t take any more mortification that early in the morning. Maybe it will perish on its own if he stops paying attention to the pressure under his pyjamas and briefs.
had to tilt his head. Ha! “Don’t push your luck. What if you get stuck like this?”
Sally Donovan, who stood by talking to Henry’s father, looked at the sorry sight of the four of them and frowned. She squinted suspiciously at Sam and Dean. “No, why? I thought you two went with him?”
“Yes. Kate is a Michelangelo of today’s beauty industry,” Irene said, elbowing Kate. “And she’s good with brushes, you’ll like what she does! Once we’re done, you’ll faint when you see yourself in the mirror and how good you look.”
or, if you don't wanna bother copy-pasting some of the coded stuff at the end of the chapter, let me know and I can write what it is!
Their peace was shattered by the notification sound of Sherlock’s phone. He groaned, reaching for the electronic by climbing atop John fully so that he could snatch it from the nightstand. He got a text from Anthea. Oh! He almost forgot about their training session. She asked if it would be okay to reschedule to Saturday, and now she was checking if today was fine.
“Who do you think you can insult, you posh asshole?” he snarled, clenching his fists. A couple spectators gathered at the sight, Sherlock’s composure unwavering.
Greg watched his friend and employee, stunned by her brutal honesty and her opinion of his hairstyle. Irene stifled a giggle, but Kate failed and she almost rolled on the floor from how hard she laughed. Mrs Hudson came closer to Greg and patted him on the cheek.
“Yep, that’s her,” Greg had confirmed, a sound of a plastic wrapper reaching John’s ear. No doubt his grunkle was stuffing himself with a chocolate bar; he had a sweet tooth. “She’s a fashion student. Pretty good one from what Millie told me. But out of the two siblings, I think both of them are equally eccentric. But fun.”
“Oh my God, unicorn bandages?” Irene gasped, letting John put the thin plaster over her sensate finger pad.
“I thought of introducing her to the many classes of African arachnids….” Sherlock mused, sipping on his delicious tea.
“Sure, mate,” John said back to him, mimicking a British accent. Redbeard jumped on him then, distracting him long enough for Sherlock to dig out their tupperware from his backpack. The sun rose steadily above the horizon. “Hello, Red. Who’s a good puppy? You are! Yes, you!”
He put his backpack down just as the taller man - Sammy, he recalled - chimed in. He was carrying a large, heavy sack, undoubtedly full of their guns. Sherlock faintly registered John straighten up and shift closer to Sherlock.
Nicolas Cage.
“Where’s Irene?” Sherlock asked, managing his voice that no hysterics were audible. Oh no, where is she? He can’t face this alone! Not now when his insecurities are skyrocketing!
“Not with an imposter, no,” John agreed, glancing at Sherlock who watched the argument with keen interest. It was worrisome to see him be quiet for so long during confrontations, especially those revolving around him. He gave John a weak smile, barely a quirk of lips.
“That would be interesting,” Sherlock murmured, for which Lestrade reprimanded him with a glare. He put his hands up defensively and left, grumbling something about ‘kids these days’.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I would say so,” said Dumbledore, his white eyebrows furrowed with mild concern. “Are you sure you won’t stay the night at Hogwarts, Barty?”
John hopped off the stool, tossing the duster atop the counter. He rolled up his yellow shirt sleeves, the white tank top underneath clinging to his chest and ribs and flat stomach. No wonder Sherlock was thirsty. Jesus. Good thing she was a matchmaker lesbian to line them up this good.
“What do you mean?”
Seb scurried off. Sherlock registered Lestrade’s car pass by. John waved at him from the window and he parked the vehicle just behind Mrs Hudson’s. John swiftly got out, grinning at Sherlock as he locked the car. Crossing the empty road, their eyes met and Sherlock felt his lips forming a smile reciprocating John’s. Butterflies fluttered in his stomach, and something inside told him he had made the right decision not to suppress his brain’s chemistry in this case. He can overthink John’s opinion of his physical prowess later.
John tipped his head and smiled. “I’m sure he’ll appreciate it. He can pretend otherwise, but I know him. Did you enlist Mrs Hudson yet?”
He’ll call them later. Hudders was just exiting the cemetery, and they will be heading to bakeries across Miami. Surely the kids are okay.
“Yes, but after that? Did Mummy tell you?”
The sight of Rosie’s stroller caught his eye. Sherlock’s body stiffened, focus narrowed, and sooner than he realised he was dashing through the mall again, following -- surprisingly enough -- one of those sodding Santa’s elves who pushed the stroller into a back room, just a bit off out of the general public’s eye. He even stupidly looked around and over his shoulder. As if that didn’t make him incriminating enough.
“Your dry sense of humour ain’t working, old man,” John said, grim at Greg’s response. The company watched Greg swallow the whole of his coffee in under five seconds, and then he fished out a second cup. John tore it from his grasp, frowning up at his taller, now grumpy grunkle. “Shush, you’re not drinking a drop more of that today.”
“More like a walk of shame. Want me to strip my clothes so people get a better view?”
Part of that was the reason he distanced himself from Sherlock and focused himself on his studies. It was nothing but enforcing their defense mechanism. That wasn’t new. But the
“A bunker? Or a passage that leads to some secret safe? I don’t know. Let’s see what’s at the end, and then we can come back with Sherlock. I don’t feel good here either.”
“You don’t have to,” John said, relief spreading inside his body when she and Sherlock nodded. Moral support, he was grateful.
The two men continued bickering about the Museum fiasco while Sherlock led the way to this unknown location. The farther they went, however, the less people or traffic they encountered. Sherlock picked up on it first.
“Of course. They should be here in about an hour….”
“You’ve been here for ten minutes already,” Sherlock clipped, letting his eyes scan the rest of the shop. It has been renovated recently, the paint was clean and fresh where it would otherwise be stained or smudged with accumulated dirt and dust. Save for the sound of the appliances beeping, it was serenely quiet and peaceful.
Sherlock lay on his backside, his legs pillowed by John’s thighs as he angled the mystery journal to be able to read the pages. He was serious in his endeavour to bring a worthwhile, real supernatural attraction to the Shack, at least for a day or two until Lestrade and Hudders returned. Lestrade refused to acknowledge even the potential existence of all things metaphysical, instead cashing in on his ‘witty’ and incredibly stupid expositions held together by glitter, glue, and faith. He was inventive, Sherlock had to give him that, but perhaps allowing himself to be less skeptical could aid his desire to scam the tourists?
“Sure, maybe we’ll make more profit than you,” John joked, crushing his grunkle in a bear hug.
“Unsure about your name? Again, with more zeal -- who are you?”
Sherlock stood up, following John upstairs to the attic. Irene and Cas were conversing about Enochian, a language that has become more interesting than before. Sherlock had heard of it in a history class years ago, but never considered it worthy of his brain cells. Again, his younger self could go stuff it. Stupid idiot, he was. He still is, to a degree, but less so.
“Fire in the house,” John finished. “Got it, yeah.”
“I’d love to, but maybe later,” he murmured, gazing outside as birds chirped above on the rooftop, loudly debating and exchanging unknown opinions with each other. “I have to go to the town.”
“You do?” John asked, opening the triangular window.
“I thought I’d share a rumour with you,” Draco said quietly, finally looking at Blake, who frowned.
“I’m never gonna smoke.”
“You’re not! You’re
Here, Cas looked at Dean, his expression full of questions and awe.
“We have to investigate further. We need more data. This is abysmal, but we have names to look up, and a suspect, albeit forty years later, to inquire about,” Sherlock said in a business-like way. “The school library may prove to have something else on the matter now that we can narrow our scopes. Additionally, we need to get our hands on the registrar of pupils from the forties. Who was the student that exposed Rubeus Hagrid? Who were the other students attacked? What kind of injuries? We have a lot of work to do.” He stopped to look at them, face serious. “I know John is willing to dedicate his time to the matter, but are you, Lestrade? We’ll probably spend a lot of time in the library, even more so probably breaking school rules if we have to sneak out after dark.”
“You should have labeled it!” she facepalmed angrily. Cas only then noticed the red imprint on Sherlock’s cheek. Ah. Irene spoke her mind clearly in many ways.
, but she remembered some trivia. That may become useful later. But leaving that aside, he did have the charisma needed in this business to stay afloat on the rough waters that were tourism, especially the seasonal kind.
“Just a friend of mine,” Greg said, not feeling like elaborating. Elwood was a cool dude, a local cryptid, if you will. Or at least that was Greg’s theory.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but in that moment Mrs. Hudson called on Irene from downstairs.
John stood up, tucking the chair behind the table in the process. He stole a biscuit and popped it in his mouth, motioning to the boys to follow him upstairs. “Let’s go, then. I’ll show you where you sleep.”
anyone would murder the Other Greg!”
Irene stood at the edge of the pier, hand shielding her beatific eyes from the overabundance of sunshine. Her gaze rested on someone’s head. This someone didn’t belong to John’s group of friends, but their hair was even longer than Irene’s by the looks of it. It reflected light like the lake water surrounding the faraway person, untied and floating below the surface freely, like seaweed.
in the museum? Where the fuck did Greg get one? And why is he asking himself pointless questions when the maniac doll is swinging it at Sherlock?!
“It’ll be for just a bit. Besides, Grace isn’t coming nearer to the toi tois. You won’t convince her.”
Irene outstretched her hand for Janine to take. “It’s been very nice, this show-off. I enjoyed myself, I hope you did too. So, whoever wins, it’s been a pleasure!”
“We all do. He’d love to be here, and call me sappy, but I’m sure he does remember you, somewhere behind that wall of trauma.”
“Shush!” she whispered, pushing him back into the room and carefully closing the door. John almost tripped on his own foot, having to steady himself by grabbing the wardrobe. He certainly didn’t fancy waking up like this. “I have to talk to you alone.”
Suddenly, a flash of pain in his forehead twisted Cas’ face into a grimace. His wings fluttered but he focused on keeping them spread -- just in case -- but the unexpected throbbing pain spread into his temples and pounded on his skull as though it were a church bell. He felt himself shaking, his eyes fell shut and he tried to curl in on himself in a vainless effort to stop the unforeseen assault.
“Yep,” Sherlock said, popping the consonant. Anthea nodded and went to open the window to let the stale air freshen up. Sherlock changed into his sweatpants and t-shirt, choosing to go barefoot. He wouldn’t let Wilkes rain on his parade -- he had eagerly anticipated the session, and he won’t let his mood get ruined by some ineffable twat in rumpled shorts. Taking a deep breath, he returned to where Anthea was. Let’s see what he remembers from his London days.
“No, you don’t,” Freddie argued, peering at them over the rim of his black shades. “Why would you go home? We’ve got everything here! Food, mattresses, karaoke! Why else would you come here if not to seek a new home? I don’t mind roommates! After all, I need three more members for the revival of Queen, don’t you think, darlings?”
Timeline: 1983, autumn, wee hours of the morning
Updated: 30.11. 2020
“Irene’s swimming, I think she made friends with some girl over there. John and Sherlock went to put the dogs home, they needed to be fed, I heard. And Mike, Eddie, Billy, and Sarah went home five minutes ago. Something about Mike’s mom needing the van.”
“Irene and Sherlock have no obligation to bow to your nonsensical orders, doll. You’re nothing but an insecure stalker and a coward.”
“Hm. Promise to organise the rest of you kids? And most importantly -- no people under eighteen. I’m not setting up kindergarten.”
He trailed the stairs to the attic, mind racing but blank all at once, when suddenly the dots connected as his eyes fell on the journal. Goths…. Russet potatoes….. VAMPIRES?!
“Is that the Romans? Judas, why did you?”
“God has nothing to do with this,” Cas grumbled, and picked up Irene who asked to be lifted. She booped his nose for good measure once more and waved at Sherlock.
episode 11, chapter 4
Another sharp shriek, and the next thing Sam knew, he and Irene were sinking down. He kicked to resurface to breathe, making Irene his prime focus. Gasping for air, she held onto Sam for dear life, clinging to his back as he swam back to the beach and into safety.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock squinted at the boy next to him. Was he… flustered? Did he just see John blush? Interesting. “No-no-no,” he said, the left side of his lips tilting up. “You’ve begun it already. Out with it.”
we'll see on the 5th!
just kick out a door open -- that must have caused some disruption in the equilibrium of the air sealed inside and that of the outside.
Thank you for reading, and I wish you all a happy day/night wherever you are~
“Kate! Are you even listening to me?” Greg snapped his fingers at the girl who was currently deeply immersed in her fashion magazine
“Oh, c’mon. Don’t be a prude. There’s no entry fee, anyone can join.”
Before Sherlock could formulate a question, though, Lestrade beat him to it. “So, how’s that tomato experiment going?” he asked, as if genuinely interested. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow, debating whether he was trying to make small talk to pass time or if he truly was curious about Sherlock’s eccentric pursuits and hobbies.
“That’s not true!” Kate objected vehemently, flailing her arms around in protest. “The Shack is rustic, it fits the Oregon atmosphere
John sighed and rubbed at his eyes. He was pretty sure ‘deleting it’ was just a fancy way to say that he forgot it. Incredible -- his genius boyfriend doesn’t know Vines. Welp, that can only mean one thing. Bonding time over memes! But that can wait -- currently they had talking birds of all shapes and sizes to examine.
Yellowed pages ruffled one by one, the long-dried ink faintly glimmering in the light of a small lamp that occupied Mary’s desk. A distinct smell of dust and mould rose in the air as she turned yet another page of the Mystery Journal number two. Lots of interesting information littered the papers, as well as detailed drawings and sketches, but nothing of satisfaction presented itself to Mary.
Sherlock groaned and John promptly stomped on his feet to shut him up.
“Alright,
she’s cray-cray,” Kate suggested.
Mary fumed, nostrils flared, one hand shot up to touch her pearls. “Listen carefully,
“Alright, go before you start a contest in insults,” John said sternly, ushering them out of the house. “Buy the clothes, get Irene a teddy bear if you won’t mind -- I’ll give you the money later -- and then head back. Thankfully this’ll be over before Greg returns from Florida.”
“Here, have this earbud,” Sherlock offered without thinking, deliberately not noticing John’s head leaned in closer due to the short length of the cable. “It’s surprisingly good. Miranda, the man who wrote it, is a genius in his own way. It’s a mix of the classical Broadway you get, plus rap.”
“And what are they going to do? Hiss at us? Nothing John won’t solve with one good swing of Mrs Hudson’s shovel,” Sherlock grinned and John laughed behind the wheel. He avoided Irene’s gaze, although he felt quite comfortable in John’s proximity, trusting himself not to act embarrassing or anything in front of both of them.
Glancing at Irene, the girl was looking at her phone, scrolling through whichever app she was browsing. “Do you have signal here?” Dean asked her, smacking himself internally for not thinking of this sooner. But -- he left his phone at the Shack. Great. It’s not like they could get out of the
“Bloody hell, Holmes! What is there to overthink?” Sherlock growled, hands shooting up to his hair to grab at it, but Irene stepped into his personal space and slapped them away. “Touch those curls and I’ll
“Shut up or I’ll drag you with me.”
“Your turn, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, holding out his arm with his palm upwards. Sherlock scrunched up his nose, sucked in a breath and glanced at John who was looking at him expectantly, seated in the shaky boat.
“Of course!”
And good lil' sister Irene. And one disaster bisexual. You'll see.
Cage seemed determined to cut John up into pieces for chicken soup. With every miss, his hate grew, his impassive, amused stare somewhat fiery somewhere beneath the poster.
“Nothing I won’t survive.”
He pointed at his three assistants that carried a corpse of a mutilated Barbie whose head Irene had yanked off during the day.
“Yeah, you stink, Holmes,” Irene sniffed distastefully, walking towards the door after she tucked Jade under the covers of her bed.
Lestrade walked back to where a small boat was stationed. He tossed his fisherman hat down inside and climbed after it. Sherlock eyed the level of its shabbiness, his facial expression settling on resigned as he blinked away his urge to just throw himself in the water and drown. Why did he agree to this again? Oh right, because of that annoyingly handsome blond guy standing a few feet away from him.
He took a deep breath through his nose, gaze stretching to the square and the folks occupying every inch of it. “Usually? My parents. It’s a puzzle piece belonging to a larger picture, but the jazz is that if my interests didn’t match theirs, it wasn’t important and therefore brushed off.”
“Andrew! Look at what Mike got me!”
Irene recounted their third attempt at reversing the future past. She looked to the three of them for support. “Isn’t there anything you can do? Like, I don’t know -- a mathematical equation that solves Mike’s inability to avoid hitting Molly? Or one that prevents Andrew West from approaching them?”
“Ah, good morning, Greg,” Mrs Hudson said, motioning her spatula at the table for Lestrade to see. “Help yourself.”
Once Rosie was dressed up to the nines and ready to face December’s cold winter air, Sherlock picked her up again, the thought of putting her out of his line of sight or reach absolutely unacceptable. He located the closest exit and walked outside with as much dignity as he could muster, still rattled by the rise and fall of adrenaline and fear. In case John or Mike didn’t catch on, he called over his shoulder, “I believe we planned to get hot chocolate? Stamford, feel free to join us!”
Cas’ brows pinched. “For everything. The state of our family, how it drew you far from it, and the pain it caused you.”
“Uh, you could say that, ha! Actually, he and our friends are here. We went out to eat for a break and I thought we could stop by and order.”
John thought about it for a second. Then he realised there was a backpack lying at his feet. And it had a mystery journal inside. He bent forward to take it out and list through it. “Hold that thought -- I think I’ve read about her great-great-great-great-great grandfather before when Sherlock dozed off in the car the other day. Listen to this:
"All of the spells we use have a Latin root," Sherlock continued. "And Greek, for that matter, and they should be pronounced as such for a stronger effect. But since we're in Britain and English is a Germanic language that evolved quite differently from the rest, it's understandable it got altered over the centuries."
“So do I, jerk!”
"You must be fun at parties," Greg snorted and put his legs up on the empty seats on Sherlock's side of the compartment.
“You’re not exactly the definition of friendly, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, licking grease off his fingers and wiping them on his robes. Disgusting. And rude.
Word count: 5000
“What do you do around here?” Irene asked, eager to see in what ways young adults spent their free time in the town. Eddie took to explaining.
“Mock all you want, brother-dear,” she said, flipping her hair in his face as she did a pirouette over to a stack of magazines on the counter. Kate showed her the aforementioned puppy, both girls fawning over it. Then she came out of her reverie. “But I’ve got a good feeling for this summer. Actually, my sixth sense is telling me that the woman of my dreams may be coming in this very moment through that door!”
“Right, okay.”
’. And so the balance shifts. “As you can see, there are six colours -- well, seven, counting the grey halo around it. I call it the Silver lining. The whole drawing isn’t titled as ‘Colour Wheel’ per se, but it obviously is one. Primary colours of the rainbow. The outer inner circle is the widest, if you know what I mean; then follows this innermost wheel of colours that are artisitcally a mix of the primary ones. For example here,” -- he pointed at the stripe under yellow and orange -- “you can see that it is a shade that falls between the two. Same all around. What is more, each colour bears a symbol unique to it. Yellow has a bee, red has a rose, purple has what appears to be a pine tree, blue has a crescent moon, orange a sun, and green has a maple leaf. The middle is constructed of those black and white squares in which there is a triangle of the same scheme, and it has an eye. But that’s not the only thing! If you look closely, there is the number eight written inside the pupil. Isn’t it fascinating? I think this may have a bigger role -- there isn’t much information detailing what purpose it serves and besides, the silver lining has those three question marks so all in all it looks like it pinpoints another triangle and --”
Professor McGonagall continued, the rest of the year gulping collectively. “It’s your grade that’s at stake here. Transfiguration is not about being imprecise. If you go to your N.E.W.T.s thinking you’ll succeed by waving your wands around as if you’re experiencing apoplexy, then you’re incorrect in your assumptions.”
“I’ll try to think of some but I can’t give you a guarantee.”
Irene petted his head. “Are you sure? What if she sees you?”
“Nah, it’s alright. Greg will do the laundry for this, though. Sherlock? Bit of a bump here, I need to help Greg and Mrs Hudson out in the shops.”
“What even
“Then how come John is able to see them?” Sherlock questioned, casting a worried glance in said boy’s direction. John was out of depth himself. Irene blinked.
Anyway, as I said earlier, I hope you liked this chapter and the second part may come quite soon :)
“Step-brother, yes.”
“Sounds nice. How’s work today?”
She enchanted a rock the size of basketball and threw it at Dean, who ducked behind a wall of stalactites that were thick enough not to crumble under the sheer force of Gloria’s wrath.
“I didn’t know… where you were,” Greg said, sighing. He looked haggard and tired. Stressed. Irene felt bad for him, but if Jake gets some good gossip, she and Kate may be able to stop Mary from seeking out the Shack’s deed. “Actually, where exactly were you?”
That tapered down John’s pent up anger a trifle. He cleared his throat, looking to the side.
John exhaled sharply through his nose and looked at the half-hidden merfolk in the net. The vines were creeping towards them. John took a note of where he was, and where the vines were crawling. The hunter was one of their targets. And as much as John wanted them all to survive, he couldn’t help but feel that this was good timing so that the merfolk could live, which was John’s main priority.
sup guys, it's friday~ finally, jfc. i'm tired of this week, but reviewing this chapter was fun!
“Well, I’ll leave you for the very end,
“I take no responsibility for her,” Sherlock said, hopping onto the counter and swinging his legs over. John barely had time to avoid his long legs hitting him across the face. “Sorry. Just wanted to grab some of the nachos before these two make a mess of things.”
and then I woke up.”
“It says ‘poke me’,” Cas read, frowning in the faint LED kitchen light. “I don’t understand.”
"It was still interesting," John said persistently. "Could you deduce something about me?"
Outside
There was humour in the man’s eyes, but the shadows of exhaustion shone through. The man also had a scruffy beard, trimmed, but be as it may, Sherlock didn’t have enough strength to raise his hand and touch it himself. But he wanted to. The landfolk held a special place in his mind, and he yearned to know everything possible about them.
“Thank fuck, yes,” he said, scratching the top of his head. “From what I’ve seen, it had a custom Oregon plate. Maybe Crater Lake or some shit like that. The numbers are: zero, four, zero, two. Red Honda.”
“The Chamber of Secrets, John!” Sherlock exclaimed, a fiery spark igniting in his bright eyes. “Have you heard of it?”
“So,” Kate said after Eddie was done laughing his ass off, “we planned to go into that old theatre at the end of town. Are you coming, John?”
Janine left for their car, flipping her hair out of her stupid face. Maybe it wasn’t stupid, but Sherlock certainly thought so. Irene stood abandoned on the other side of the street, but her expression betrayed no emotion. He and John jogged up to her.
“Look, you don’t have to drive us, really,” John said hastily. He scratched his dried hair with a touch of embarrassment. “We don’t want to be a bother.”
The crowd cheered and Irene found herself speechless. Janine obviously bullied the response via her influence and status. Not that it surprised her, but she hoped for justice. At least Mrs Hudson put the crown on Janine’s head with more recklessness than necessary, ruffling her straightened hair.
Irene and Kate crouched and started showering Jake with love and affection, cooing over him and petting him whatever they could reach, scratching him behind the ears, his back, rubbing his belly, under his chin…
“He’s a friend,” Sherlock said hastily, and Irene averted her gaze at him to make sure he’s sane.
“Modest twat. Where’s Greg?”
“I thought I’d lost Rosie in the mall,” Sherlock confessed, biting his lower lip. What will John think of him? He’s a detective solving crimes, and yet he can’t watch their child, even though miscommunication took over, overruling his logical part of the brain by a flood of emotions he never imagined he’d experience in his life.
There were locations in the journal lying open on her pillows that needed to be explored. John will wait, but the task will, unfortunately, not. For now.
“You need a break.”
Sherlock, who read the letter as John was speaking, added without thinking, “The style of writing and choice of words indicate she may want more than just a regular reconciliation.”
“True,” he said. “But I’m really happy for you. That you got where you are now, and that you are content. I never thought I’d get to know another family member besides Dean.”
Into battle!
Slowly, as if diving underwater on a warm sunny day, Dean’s thoughts slipped from him, letting him fall gently into dreamless sleep, his prayers fading into mere concepts. He’ll get to see Cas tomorrow, make sure he’s fine…
Air conditioning was a blessing. Greg laid on top of his bed covers, limbs akimbo, breathing in the cool air. He dialed up John’s number a second time. And a third. And a fourth…. Greg tried not to panic. John’s probably being snogged by Sherlock for all he cares, but c’mon, they can pick up once a day! Young people and their hormones…. Hey, fine, he’s been hopelessly in love at that age too (still is), but ignoring phone calls is extreme. Eh, if a catastrophe were to happen he’d have Anthea ring him immediately. They’re likely just messing around, scamming tourists….
“What precisely?” Sherlock asked, lifting the takeaway bag. They arrived at Baker Street.
When he was unceremoniously dropped atop his bed covers, Dean shut his window and lit the bedside lamp. It was getting late, and even if it was summer and sunlight in certain areas lasted until eight, he’d appreciate the ability to see. Although with his grace back, he might be able to even without a direct source of light. Sam didn’t bother pointing this out; Dean was just being nice.
His dreadful delivery of his mind’s interpretation of a ‘funny greeting’ got a chuckle out of John and the others. John looked at Sherlock, whose lips also quirked upward, but he stood a little off out of their circle, still uncertain whether he was welcome or not.
“Nope. A bunch of beavers threw the Uno reverse card and dragged him into the forest.”
Sherlock pushed the thought out of his mind -- he’ll deal with the fallout once Rosie is safely tucked in his arms, unharmed. He rounded the corner like a fury, already unleashing a litany of abuse at the kidnapper…. only it wasn’t Rosie in the red jumper, but another child. A boy. Sherlock cursed under his breath, his neck nearly snapping from all the turns it made as he tried to assess where Rose was taken. He ran across the mall, one time almost falling down a storey due to how he leaned over a railing to see what was happening below him. And slowly, the panic he so desperately held at an arm’s length so that his brain steered clear of any sentimental distractions gave way.
. Sherlock grabbed a handful of fries (thank goodness his weren’t as salty as Irene’s) and outstretched an open palm to the pupper. It did slow down at the sight of food and approached him at a slower pace, black nose twitching in a way Sherlock found flawlessly adorable. He always had a soft spot for dogs of all shapes and sizes, but namely large and medium-sized breeds, like Irish Setters for example.
“Nope. Guy avoids it like the plague. He doesn’t even
As of now, he paced up and down in front of his mirror image, the reflection watching him like a hawk. Dutifully, as if awaiting orders. Sherlock indeed saw it, albeit faintly, in the window through which they peeked in on the party within the house. Inaudible, Sherlock registered his shrunken-down silhouette to be cheering him on when he showed John how to dance.
He hissed as an elbow dug particularly deeper into his clavicle, communicating that Sherlock heard enough of his instructions. So, John stood by, because he had to provide Sherlock support, and Sherlock ruminated over his next course of action. His head hung low, his curls tickling John’s nose. It would be easy to rest his head on top of Sherlock’s, but he had to be present and pay attention.
“Hold on, you own a
“It’s about these three girls that turn into mermaids if they touch water. Long story, I’ll tell you later. Do you know anything about real-life mermaids?”
*sigh*
“Don’t try to fool me, Cage. Yield before I make this painful for you.”
A cliché sound of the bell ringing upon swinging the door open greeted them in an empty bakery. A slow day, then. Sam admired the healthy succulents hanging from pots near the windows. There were tiny paintings of nature and, presumably, the Reichenbach falls itself that were scattered around the walls. It was positively lovely. Even Cas enjoyed the sweet smells coming from the kitchen.
John lifted his chin to evaluate their craftsmanship. “Looks rad to me. You also have more developed cognitive functions than when you were a kid, so kudos to you.”
“Yeah, he said so himself,” Lestrade nodded, pouring himself some cold coffee that was left in the brewer since morning. He grimaced, but gulped it down anyway. “He was pretty excited to have other people living here for a bit. I’m sure you’ll get along well.”
Next, he has to make sure a couple machines stay on, but the backup generator is always ready to jump into action should the situation need it. He’s not worried about that. The vending machine stayed put, ordinary as ever. Even Sherlock couldn’t sniff this one out, hah. There are some minor things he needs to check before morning, which he’ll do right now, but other than that he’s good to go.
With mysteries to solve in hand, he and Irene set out to get to the roots of the town, and the abrupt disappearance of the author of the journal. But they’re not alone - John Watson, quite the handsome nephew of the Mystery Shack owner Greg Lestrade, is on their side to help out, plus mess with Sherlock’s feelings, in a good way. Shenanigans, romance, fun, danger, and deductions ensue in the wake of a mysterious M club on the rise for which Mary Morstan and Sebastian Moran work.
“Donna yes!”
John fought the urge to laugh; he can’t, not when they’re out of the dormitories after curfew. He suppressed his mirth, patting Sherlock on the back. “I’ll tell you about him at breakfast, alright?”
“Oh, please,” Irene said, putting the bag of chips aside, cleaning her fingers on the sofa behind. “You’re itching to tell me how you know. How it is
“Hey,” she told Cas, a lopsided smile curving her mouth. “You did good with Cage. I didn’t see it, but I can imagine you showed him who’s the boss, ha?”
“Mine or yours?” John had said cheekily, giggling as Greg had told him to stuff it.
“I’m too lazy to get up. Ever.”
“Why would he be working at Hogwarts if he apparently killed another student?”
next time, yeah?”
Freddie shrugged one shoulder candidly. “I fled, leaving them as they were as it dawned on me that I transformed into this
Dean sighed, looking quite put out, but content. “I hope you do know what you’re getting involved with,” he said sternly, putting his shades back on. John and Sherlock high-fived at the former’s initiation.
“Horrowitz didn’t try to drink our blood, Irene!” Sherlock said, growing frustrated. It was now Irene’s turn to roll her eyes into another dimension for a sign of rationality.
“How?”
“Well…” She appeared to be fighting her inner instinct, but eventually gave in. “Fine. But I hope you’re doing your homework.”
“You can find out. Kiss me?”
“You never complained about it until now.”
“Probably not, since you asked. Why, though?”
“Really? That’s cool! Do you use plants to heal people in some situations too?” Greg asked, setting his glass on the counter, licking his lips.
“You give me too much credit. Well, I liked it too. A lot. Especially the dancing. And you.”
Blake’s quiet snickering behind the pile of books was interrupted by a tactful cough. He paid it no attention at first, lost deep into the gossip of the previous centuries, but a second, more insistent cough made him look up. Harry stood next to him, as if unsure whether he was allowed to.
“Can I have my phone now?” Irene turned to Jake, who watched her with his big, hypnotizing beetle eyes.
“I understand. Sorry.”
“No, why should it?” John managed to say. “She was the one who ended the relationship. I don’t feel anything romantic towards her. To be frank, I don’t even want to go to the show, but I guess it won’t hurt to see her this once. She tried to hit me up the year before as well, but I played deaf. Maybe seeing me again will put her off.”
“Then you should spend more time in the library,” Greg had suggested airily and John had shook his head, pinching the bridge of his nose in disbelief. “You never know where you find your true love, ya know?”
“A little.”
mind guests, you stupid fucker.”
“Well, I’m not. But I wanted to ask whether there are any boutiques or shops that you could recommend?”
Sighing, Cas pinched the bridge of his nose. “How long?”
“Yeah, I can see why you’re extinct. Friendly dumbass. What if I lied?”
Mrs Hudson winked at him, a sly smile at her lips conveying ‘
. John grabbed his hand and led him to the vast array of plushies. Cas was crouching in front of the cats, staring at them.
Sherlock turned around, inconspicuously walking towards a small bridge crossing a pond. There were ducks gathering near the edge, some of them nipping at each other affectionately or just to spite the other duck.
Irene marched out of the kitchen, head held high, leaving dumbstruck John and Sherlock gaping in her wake.
Carl gazed at his four-poster bed, the red linen with the Gryffindor emblem on its covers, as if he were searching for something deep inside his brain.
Why? She took genuine interest in her people of choice, yet there never were deeper feelings involved. Sure, her dating life may have been hasty, but even that one ‘relationship’ with a long-term friend yielded no romantic results. She did like them all, if they didn’t turn out to be bitches, but… Damn, her head hurt from all this reevaluating. Good thing she was taking a break, she needs to clear her head out on this matter.
“I’ve been stationed here a few times throughout history, but for short periods of time. But before my amnesia, I think it was about a year, my ‘last’ visit. Maybe up to eighteen months. I’m not sure, everything’s too fuzzy.”
“Yeah, though not in Oregon,” Greg confirmed, and Irene pushed the cutting board in the middle of the table for everyone to grab a slice of the cut vegetable. “Thing is, I cosplayed Chewbacca later but Bobby and I took it one step too far and now Bigfoot is…. well, the actual Biggy better not go south for vacation is all I’m saying.”
“Wouldn’t want you to. You make good choices, John.”
They went inside the giant box, immediately getting chilled by the AC that protected the Mall from the sun’s expanding heat. John huffed, rubbing his arms before he adjusted to the temperature change. Sherlock hated malls in general, but on a hot summer day like this, he could admit that it had some positives. The reason why he rode along was because John was going, so the natural order of things dictated Sherlock has to go as well, and second because it gave him an opportunity to observe Cas and his behaviour.
the matter?”
, but he was as good as to John. He was amazing, brilliant, and all-round the smartest person he had the fortune to stumble upon. The sheer memory of their first meeting and everything that led to this? It made his stomach flutter still, and his heart melted. Everything felt right.
“Sherlock! Personal boundaries, does that tell you anything?”
“You could go with him. I’ll persuade him to go, don’t worry, but you also deserve some rest. What do you think?”
In the distance, Eddie squealed as Sarah threw a beach ball at him, hitting him square in the face.
“When did he become a sailor?”
“How much?” the kid stuttered, grabbing his wallet clumsily.
Take care and don't de-age,
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” he said to her, and Irene giggled again. “Children are peculiar.”
“You think so?” something in Sherlock’s eyes gleamed at that. He still looked apprehensive, though, not shaking off the feeling John may be mad at him. That told John in turn that Sherlock’s wit and genius weren’t alway appreciated. (How? Why not?)
He carefully stepped to the edge of the illusion, holding onto Sherlock for dear life. If, by any random chance, he trips and falls through, he's taking the Ravenclaw with him.
This shitshow will be
A bang in the hallway made them all jump, and Irene and Dean choked on their bites. John stood up abruptly and hurried to check what was happening, eyebrows hitching up and then screwing into a deep frown. “Speak of the devil… Mrs Hudson?”
John tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Maybe? Hold that thought. But what would it reveal?”
“Mrs Hudson!” called Lestrade’s voice from beneath the attic floor. “The sink in the bathroom is clogged again!”
easy to grasp the concepts and techniques, and he even had suggestions for minor improvements he’d propose to Professor McGonagall. Hers were, obviously, flawless as they came and she was probably the only teacher Sherlock respected endlessly, even though he couldn’t resist testing her limits on every opportunity he got.
episode 5, chapter 3
“Would you really do that?” he asked, voice strangled.
Nodding, Sherlock tugged John to lie next to him. “I’ll be at your service. But we have twenty minutes if I don’t distract you for longer.”
“That’s… Thank you…?”
Well, at least he and John shared more subjects this year. Potions, then Care of Magical Creatures with Professor Kettleburn - that man had a bed in the Hospital Wing reserved all for himself - and Transfiguration again. Sherlock was, overall, satisfied with the schedule.
Thank you all for reading and I wish you all a very nice mystery day/night wherever you are~
"Well, I'll be bugging you with owl post every now and then," John said. "Hey guys!"
“Yes, and he also likes when you play the bold one. Actually, most people like a bit of self-assured dominance. So, who are you?”
One day I'll bake those cookies for real and mail you some <3
“WHAT-” Sherlock muffled John’s exasperation before he woke up the whole tower.
What he wasn’t satisfied with was the bloody murder centered around the bloody Chamber of the bloody Secrets. He hated secrets. That’s why he deduced them. And this one was making itself difficult, which only infuriated and intrigued him further at the same time.
“So, did Potter tell you how he’d done it?” asked one Seventh Year, a playful look in his eyes. Draco knew that any news in this room would get out thanks to him mostly, he lead the gossip underground in Hogwarts.
“Maybe we could share stories later?” Dean suggested.
in which there is a deer junkie
“Can you blame me?” Sherlock said, bewildered. He pointed a thumb over his shoulder. “Have you
“Happy with your equipment as it is, I take it?” Irene wiggled her eyebrows in her innocent lesbian suggestivity. She barked out a laugh when John burrowed his face in his hands, the tips of his ears going pink. He looked longingly to the exit path from the glade, absolutely done with the world for the day. “Sorry, can’t help myself.”
“You’re one of a kind, John Watson,” Sherlock said, the blush creeping up his neck to stain his cheeks again. “Do you… I mean, really? No one ever put effort into getting to know me. Everyone else either brushed me off after talking to me, or ignored me based on my reputation which, in chemistry laboratories, always precedes me.”
“I heard someone yelling,” he said groggily. “Did someone get murdered?”
. Hell no. But God, holding off on the things that he wanted to do with Sherlock was beginning to get harder and harder, no pun intended.
“I merely pointed out her flawed techniques, don’t be dramatic.”
“Don’t tempt me to rip it open this instant,” Sherlock grumbled, glaring at his bag, then at John. He fought hard to suppress the smile twitching at his lips. “Why did you bother?”
“I’ll go first,” John announced, tossing Sherlock the backpack. “Don’t look at me like that. If the birds turn out to be starving for this awesome Canadian ass, I’ll jump back up. Only one of us out in the open poses as less danger to us.”
“I’m alright, John. You don’t need to worry.”
“I may consider it should the situation require it.”
“You’re okay with this?”
But Hogwarts’ student library wasn’t exactly a romantic place to have his sudden epiphanies and reveries in. He pushed
John found himself sitting on a soft-cushioned couch, feeling too small for the world all of a sudden, and entirely spooked out of his skin. Whatever his connection to the Colour Wheel in Sherlock’s journal was, he didn’t like it. First it was Cas giving him a heart attack, then Gabe. What the fuck! Can’t he get a break this summer? Can’t he just get laid and enjoy quiet moments with his boyfriend? This was utter bushit!
Sherlock, however, seemingly didn’t think so. It hurt, but if Sherlock didn’t feel comfortable calling her or taking her as just his sister, she wouldn’t complain. It’s his decision to do that, after all.
He was tapping his fingers on the carpet and making kissy noises to attract the puppy, which worked, and he promptly praised Redbeard for the good job and tried to make him do it again. Sherlock adored them. He chose an eggplant colour and used his foot to push the rest of the polishes back to Irene. Castiel had hands clasped under his chin as he stared at a tiny translucent nail polish bottle full of rainbow glitter. Do angels have a colour preference based on their wings? Sherlock asked out loud as well but got a shrug in return.
“So this can be an amazing once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for you to learn more lore!”
“Yes.”
Anne and Blake scoffed at the Prefect but retorted and left the dungeons immediately.
Harry woke up the next day before Ron and Hermione. Kreacher hasn't returned yet, which was a little discouraging and anxiety-inducing… But House Elves had proved to be quite resilient, at least Dobby did.
"Alright we can go together. Hey, who do you have potions with?"
“The devil is good at hiding in small spaces, I have to admit,” Irene said, downing the rest of her lemonade. “Where’s Greg?”
on tumblr, I changed my name~
“Don’t be smart with me, you Ravenclaw,” John yawned, stretching out, his joints popping. “What about the Chamber? I thought it’s a legend?”
Sherlock sighed, though a smirk lifted his cheeks, making his cheekbones stand out more. “I’ll get her pyjamas. And my phone. I resisted back at the theatre, but this is too good an opportunity to pass once she stops vomiting.”
John shrugged. He was more than sure he would not get bored that easily, but he'll keep that in mind. Somewhere far, far back.
, John thought.
“Try to stay here and not get any more splinters, will you? I’ll go and find Greg.”
, he thought, thinking of his friend.
“Got it, I’ll get Grace and Red settled.”
“Likewise,” Mary’s expression darkened, and her pearl necklace glowed bright yellow as she raised her hand upwards the way she did during her show when the audience stood up. Before Irene’s brain registered the change, she was already lifted from the ground and thrown to the side into dry hay.
I'm tempted to post quicker than just every five days, but that would fuck up my schedule, so I guess we all have to suffer and wait until the 30th and so on together, eh?
Cas toppled over on his left side, legs still planted on the floor. He had a knack for silent dramatics, Irene had to give him that. “No headache. And I also haven’t had any new stray encounters with the mysterious being. It’s calm before the storm again.”
“Oh shit!” she cursed. She forgot about Sherlock entirely! He was waiting for her to bring him a drink too!
"It's a wall…"
“Uh, nine point two. Or three.”
“Can you kids stop messing about for once and sweep the floor?” Lestrade’s voice came from above, the man dressed in his best (midnight blue) shirt and dark grey trousers, a silver chain around his neck. “The party’s starting in half an hour. I want everyone to be ready to scam the locals!”
“Dean, I’d love to have you, but my house is very small,” she said by way of apology. “But. The Mystery Shack is much better suited for accommodating you. Greg won’t have an issue with it. In fact, once he knows you’re my nephews he’ll offer himself. You’ll see. He’s a very caring man.”
“Duh, but that’s pretty important!”
Thank you all for reading and I wish you all a nice day/night wherever you are~
Thank you all for reading!! We passed a technically non-existent, mental milestone of 500 hits! <3 Thanks everybody who reads and follows this fic, this is the cutest <3 pearl necklaces to y'all! >;3
“I don’t even like wizarding sports, I don’t think I’ll be any good,” Sherlock said, glaring into his empty cocoa cup. For a second he seemed surprised he drank it all. He let John refill it for him.
“I’ve said so, haven’t I?” Sherlock responded, dragging him towards the magnificent, mysterious woman. John let himself be manhandled forward, used to Sherlock’s enthusiasm urging him wherever his genius friend dictated.
“This amnesia situation. You don’t say it, but I think you’re freaking out internally, aren’t you? I mean, I would be as well. You said you stopped the Apocalypse and you’re very old, so old, and yet this has stunted you really badly. It’s new and unknown, and that makes you uneasy.”
had created. Castiel was versed deep into the fictional universe, his person not having moved for the past hour since the episode had started. Sherlock sat up and combed through his hair to make the curls more presentable, shutting the journal and depositing it on the coffee table.
“I haven’t,” he said slowly. He squinted at Sherlock in particular, a frown creasing his brows. “This is concerning. I can see three of your auras, but not Sam’s.”
“Wait, what about us?” Irene gestured to herself and her brother. “If you sense auras, do we have them?”
“We don’t
“You said you trusted Black,” Snape said, a hint of bitterness in his tone. “And they trusted him, too. If I had any idea…”
Sherlock tossed all garbage in the bin or the sink, depending what the scraps were made of. Once done, he and Sam went to the living room where Sherlock’s journal was laying on the table. They went over Sherlock and John’s side of the story first. How they found Cas, what he acted like, what he told them about angels so far… Then Sam filled in some gaps in Sherlock’s knowledge, providing information on angels Cas didn’t give him yet, and what he and Dean remembered of their last encounter with Castiel. Having all available facts, it gave them precisely nothing to work with. And since Cas’ memory is impaired….
“Simple. You see it. I have a good nose for it, I usually sniff it out before the people realise it themselves. It’s like a sixth sense.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and pushed the sundae bowl to the middle of their table. He slumped where he sat opposite of John plastered to the wall. His sweet tooth has been satisfied for the day. His upper lip had a spot of caramel on it that he didn’t notice was there.
John and Sherlock clapped along, the former whistling as Irene walked on the podium, booing when Janine took the place next to her.
“Listen, John,” she started, her eyes softening, head tilting. A finger intertwined into a stray strand of hair that got loose during the show and she let out this flirtatious giggle. “I know we haven’t parted on the bestest of terms…. But I’d like us to maybe start afresh?”
“I am aware. But do keep him in line, will you? And do not tell him we had a conversation regarding safety at Hogwarts.”
“Well, what are you waiting for?! Tell me what you’ve got!”
“Amanda. We went to school together and graduated the same year. But she’s going to another college, so we haven’t seen each other that much this past year except for holidays. We’re going on a date later today, so I’m excited!”
“Please, sir! I don’t sell it to minors!”
“I don’t know! I panicked!” Sherlock gritted through his teeth, as if the plain idea of confessing this made him sick. None of the anger was directed at John, though. “It happened when I went to deposit the money to the gift shop. I crossed the museum, and it sort of… called to me. So, I did the logical thing and uncovered it, checked my hair, and it started talking to me.”
“You won’t need your books,” Snape informed them casually. He took out his wand, flicked it rather dramatically and he made move for the board to position it better for everyone to see. If John didn’t know better he would say he
“I assumed you’d choose it for that exact reason.”
“I think I will.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I know, right?” John agreed, setting the broom to rest against the nearest wall. “Ever since I saw Chucky I find them scary.”
“Yeah? You don’t? Wait, of course not, you’re an angel in a stranger dude’s body. My bad.”
"Did you sleep okay?" John asked his dorm-mate when everyone else was out of earshot.
“Jesus, how much did you take?”
“See wha-- Sherlock!” John was dragged to a stream of crystal clear water where sapphire feathered swans floated on the surface. Their waterproof coats were glistening from droplets coming from the rushing stream, making it seem as though they were made by Swarovski. “Whoa. They’re stunning!”
“Why wouldn’t he?”
, but I think they may have found the crystals.”
“I… Thanks…?”
“I am referring to your spectacular headshots the two unfortunate ghouls were granted the other day,” her boss said, and Mary’s shoulder sagged in relief. He didn’t know. Good. He wasn’t as omniscient as he made himself to be. “Our personal coroner sent in the official reports, and I am delighted to see that you for once didn’t fail and did your job properly.”
“Asshole. I’m still stronger than you, though.”
“We definitely ought to go,” he said, but John stopped him.
Sherlock continued reading the Daily Prophet with a mandatory eye roll starting every sentence (seriously, even First Years at Hogwarts are able to devise cleverer sentences), but his knuckles went white, the edges of the pages crumbling, when he saw the term 'mudblood' and 'thieves of magic'  and 'subhuman' in one idiotic paragraph. He glanced at John’s armchair, its back illuminated by the yellow kitchen light hanging above Sherlock.
“More.”
Sherlock scowled. “Of course the walls are paper thin. She met Normandy yesterday.”
“That’s an honour. Are you reading with me?”
John let out a hearty laugh. “Yeah, I guess me too. But I can proudly say that this is the best unexpected development I’ve ever seen.”
“Ooh, thanks Greg,” Kate said, suddenly springing to life to get her cup. Greg had put her metal straw in it already and she thirstily sipped on the ambrosia of life.
Sally seemed surprised by the fact. While Henry had worked with him and Mycroft, he never disclosed the third friend even to his then-girlfriend. Mycroft preferred to work from the shadows unless the situation proved to need the opposite approach.
Sam clapped him on the shoulder. “Thanks, John. We appreciate it. Is your uncle okay with us being here? If not, we’ll book a hotel room.”
“Well, I assumed you could be of assistance,” Sherlock stepped forward, tiptoeing in front of the glittering silver surface. His mirror self grinned, greyish eyes twinkling.
Irene lay on the ground, face up, groaning. The brain freeze has finally occurred, as it appeared. The slurpee mix spilled on her shoes, and there was residual blue sticky ice around her lips. Sherlock repeated her name, and she squinted into the ceiling lamp, lashes fluttering.
“Alright, dear. Which one should I start with?”
“Sherlock!”
“I love you too, fluffy boy!”
“I’ll keep it in mind.”
Questions as to what had happened swirled in his mind, but since the hunter was currently being served as the main course and the merfolk was unconscious, he had no way of finding out. As he’d guessed, this was a kidnapping. Someone was selling merfolk to a bidder, and this one right here was no different. Why would they treat them like livestock? The merfolk were capable of intelligent thought, they had underwater cities and infrastructures and kept to themselves. This might be a bigger issue, he’ll have to mention it to his superiors when he gets the chance. Land dwellers shouldn’t dare to start mass kidnappings, it could provoke a war.
“If you have the need to translate it into real life, I’d rather you be thorough.”
Another crash of wind that, ironically, knocked their breaths out. Sparks cracked like fireworks in the air around them. Dean charged at Gloria with his scythe, but Gloria didn’t even lift a finger before another wave of wind knocked him back. Sherlock grabbed the journal and searched it for anything helpful.
Sherlock took a deep breath and lowered his head so that it rested on John’s shoulder. “I hate malls,” he exhaled sharply, but exhaustion and the sudden onslaught of drainness took the bite out of his words.
“Socks?”
“A dinner?” Greg suggested, shrugging. “Angelo’s has a romantic atmosphere. Or Speedy’s.”
“What if it’s because of the Rift? The one the Doctor referenced, as you told me?”
Thank you all for the 28 kudos and 8!! bookmarks since the last chapter was published, I appreciate it all very much :) we can also be friends via comments, ya know ;D *shameless*
“Too disgusting?” he asked, eyebrows raised in an amused smirk. When Sherlock nodded, he smiled, a mischievous upturn of his lips. And Sherlock hated that he kind of liked that. John knelt in front of him and ate the rest of what Sherlock refused to even look at. “Not that bad when you’re on the road and hungry.”
“Be my guest,” Sherlock said, tucking the journal in his backpack and handing it to John. He ignored his quizzical look and continued. “We’ll have to split up. One group should go and fetch the boat so we can get away quickly in case the other doesn’t succeed.”
They hung up, and the attic quietened.
“She’s a widow, she can do whatever she wants. She pays for that grave.”
“Oh, no. Angelo, I’ve got to pay, don’t be silly!”
“You’re really showing your manners, Sherlock,” Mycroft said dryly, lifting an eyebrow. His expression smoothed back into his indifferent one, smiling at John’s mom one last time. “Don’t mind him. He’s only like that to his family members, aren’t you, brother dear?”
That woke Irene up like a brisk slap. “What? No exception?”
“What does my half-brother have to do with underwear?” Cas asked, finally sitting down next to Kate when she tugged on his sleeve.
“Aw, yis,” he smiled, taking out a chocolate donut. It tasted cheap, but hey, it’s chocolate. Probably. Maybe. “Thanks. Have you got me coffee?”
Once they arrived at the Shack, the hot weather pressed heavy on them, except for Cas. John needed another shower, and even Sherlock was fanning his shirt to let air circulate under and cool his skin.
the date will continue on the 10th!
She was standing on the threshold of the living room, clutching her chest, distressed. She latched onto Sherlock, shaking him by the shoulders. Pointing to the armchair, she said, “
“The person in question who was expelled wasn’t even Slytherin, I think.”
“What happened then?”
“Sorry.” She looked up at the dude-statue, concretely his outstretched arm. A drop of water fell on her nose, tickling her skin. She scrunched up her nose, wiggling it from side to side to avoid sneezing. “Do you think I could take the rose? It’s gorgeous.”
level they wanted to avoid for now. Gloria tilted her head to the side imperceptibly, not distracted at all by John’s curiosity.
“My, my,” tutted the man on the other side, “getting impatient, are we? I said he
first week of college is behind me and another is here to rip my throat open
“Where do you think you’re going, weather boy? Soon my Barbie army will dominate this house and return it to its original state of being. And then, once you’re
“Yes! Hurray! Everyone, we got ourselves a Mom!” the leader cheered, the rest clapping Irene on. The head of the pixies hovered down and flew in front of Irene, outstretching its small arm, still a part of the giant cluster-monster. “Let’s go, then.”
“Probably both. Just don’t tell Mrs Hudson. Anyway, they’re cool kids. Their mom is a close friend of mine, and she and her husband, Irene’s father, are going to travel around the world for the summer because of…. because they want to. So I agreed to let them stay here. Millie doesn’t want them to be stuck in London all this time, especially Sherlock. He studies chemistry and is prone to doing experiments all day if left alone.”
From a stall not too far over, Irene’s name got called by two familiar faces: Molly Hooper and Mike Stamford. Irene waved at them and jogged up to the pair to greet them properly, hugging her friends around the shoulders.
Word count: 4321
“And proceeded to get stuck at the Shack because he is careless around kleptomaniac racoons.”
“She’ll fill you in. You can choose a nail polish, too -- she has a wide sortiment of what you can choose from. See you in fifteen minutes!” And with a fake-playful wink he closed the bathroom door, careful not to bang them shut in his impending stress and panic. Good, this didn’t give John the opportunity to say no or protest.
Could they?
“And when I saw the puppy I thought it fit.”
“I’ll explain later,” Irene whispered, glancing over the leg of Mary’s desk to see what the delusional woman was doing. Examining the dress.
Mycroft arched a neat eyebrow incredulously. “Is that you asking for that favour already? And here I thought Gryffindors weren't that impulsive.” John pouted his lips and glared. The older Holmes sighed. “Really, though. I'm not taking this as the favour, although you wouldn't hesitate passing it on as such. Be careful about what you ask in the future, John.”
John cleared his throat. “So… what do we do now? When are you guys coming back to Oregon?”
My humble tumblr:
“Greg was dating like, a decade ago,” John huffed a small laugh, sitting up to stretch his arms. Sherlock rolled onto his back and wriggled his toes. “I think his name was Mike or something. They called on Skype in the evenings and mornings due to time difference, his boyfriend had to travel during summer, so they had that. They were together for a few years but sometime around 2009 I think they broke up. Greg never mentioned him since and I didn’t ask. I could see that he was pretty depressed about it.”
“Stand in line, Sherlock,” Donna waved him off and took a seat next to Irene. She used her marker as a pointer and the Doctor mimicked her flicks and movements to draw her eyes to blurry spots on the glass. “So, first we calculated the….” Irene’s hearing must be allergic to science. She just couldn’t comprehend whatever it was that Donna talked about with the Doctor’s occasional in-depth remark. “Then we considered the wind speed and the melting point of cotton candy….” Instead, Irene heard ‘wind speed, hot sugar, bla bla science bla, aha’ but nodded affirmatively when Donna paused to take a breath to show she wasn’t
He made his way around an ant hill, checking under his steps to make sure these critters weren’t crawling up his trousers. That happened once and he wasn’t willing to experience the same itching ever again. No, thank you. Thankfully, the ants were busy processing and carrying the carcass of a dead degú, a rodent similar to a mouse. John’s nose scrunched up at the dead smell and carried on, not wasting his time. The sun was setting quickly beyond the horizon.
“I remember that!” John gasped, waving a butter knife around. “Mako was
“John, let’s not repeat ourselves much. I told you, it’s no problem to pay for it from my trust fund. Really. So go give them to Cas. It’s fifty dollars, with the trousers it comes up to a hundred. That’s hardly a scratch on my finances.”
“You’ll meet him someday, Redbeard. You’ll like him. Maybe he’ll be my co-captain one day, too.”
’ look, but she shook her head as she eyed Greg who grew more agitated by the seconds. Sherlock also turned his head around, eyebrows arched in wonder about what was coming next.
The row, to Blake’s dismay, didn’t end there. If he ever underestimated the history between the French and the English, this experience couldn’t prove him more wrong. Madame Maxime was insufferable, and Karkaroff was threatening to complain to the International Confederation of Wizards and whatnot, none of which fazed Dumbledore. Karkaroff, however, wouldn’t take this silently.
“I’m not good with
“I’ve seen weirder things this summer. As long as your wings don’t suffocate me in my sleep, I’ll be fine.”
to work out. Fifteen years is what it took to get here, and only death could take this opportunity away from his cold, dead hands. “Mentioning diligence, I have one more thing to mention. The kids now obviously know the town has a lot of mysteries and think I don’t know. Well, I’m going to continue pretending to be dumb and oblivious, because that’s what I do best. Flip the Uno card at them and all that. I’m going to keep my promise and I won’t say anything as we agreed shortly before you…. Yeah. Just…. you don’t have to be worried. I’m keeping an eye out for them. I won’t let anything bad happen to them, not on my watch.
Nicolas Cage tilted his head to the side, his expression fixed in a forever amused stare that was now unnerving. The tranquility and noiselessness of his movements ticked Sherlock off. He was too stealthy even in plain sight.
something was amiss,” Cage grunted, chastising himself with a smack on his wooden forehead. The paper crumpled in the spot of the impact, trails of creases painting its undertones. “Anyhow. I’m back for my revenge, and none of you
“Fascinating. Okay, next up there is Cookies ice cream,” -- John tipped his head to the left, definitely interested -- “orero… Orero? I thought it was oreos.”
Gloria glared at him, her rage sending out a storm. “You’re not his friend.”
“Correct. It has always been nagging me how a man so corny and well-versed in the art of conmanship could reject such an offer as hours, but I guess the world is full of idiots. I might try self inviting myself over to that dusty porch of his. I genuinely believe he would be a brilliant asset in our operations, and I’m willing to make compromises on his behalf.”
“What’s a vet?”
Irene stood alone in the small abandoned space Janine and her vile girl friends occupied seconds ago. Her head spun, not quite wrapping itself around what had happened. Time felt strange. As if her conscious self drifted upwards to the sky, watching her body remain on Earth, immovable and stuck. Blinking, she snapped back to present where she realised that either John or Sherlock were speaking to her.
Irene clasped her hands together in a villainous fashion. “Thank you! That should keep them busy for a few hours, especially after I asked for the plushie.”
“Stranger danger, I know. But we’re not five, don’t worry. Mike and the band will be there too. We’ll outnumber them in any case,” John joked, but Greg only lifted an eyebrow, amused, but not overly so. “How long have you slept today?”
Kate frowned at the app, pursing her lips. She hummed, her expression neutral. Irene turned to Janine, who shuffled nearer to the centre of the podium. All grudges aside, it was a fun night, Irene thought. Janine may be a stuck-up bitch, but perhaps she had a nice evening. The least Irene could do was shake hands with her.
“It’s not about not trusting you rather than about keeping you safe, Jake,” Irene told him earnestly. “I’d hate to see you getting hurt in the process.”
Into battle!
” a gravelly voiced Barbie greeted them, hopping on the coffee table. Cas squinted at the plastic figure. The Barbie had long golden locks and a black sparkly dress, but she had another, manly face glued to her own.
Back in their attic room Sherlock briefed Irene in on what he observed about the book so far. She seemed impressed and didn’t think for one second that this could be a fake, and Sherlock agreed, even though more in-depth analysis was in order to fully understand its nature.
“Clearly, I woke you up,” Sherlock said, huffing. He was still dressed in his robe, though without the tie. “I used Wingardium Leviosa on you. I couldn’t risk you screaming the whole House down at one in the morning.”
“They’re… black.” Cas’ eyebrows lifted. “Not completely black, though. Can you stand by the window? Okay -- they have this glow to them. Not really a glow, but the monochromatic effect where you can sort of see the rainbow. Does that make sense?”
“I just did.”
Greg groaned internally, having no desire what-so-fucking-ever to deal with tourists today. Even having opened the fishing season didn’t stop the foot traffic around here (and yet there was almost no parking space there!). He exchanged glances with Mrs Hudson, who also seemed uncertain of what to do. The cash would always come in handy, but…
“My dear boy,” Trelawney had sobbed into the crease of her elbow dramatically, “I’m afraid you have the omen of death!” Half the class had gasped at the proclamation. John observed what was happening silently, not wanting to get sentenced to death himself.
Hi! I probably should stop making promises, LOL, I just hit block after block for this fic. It's a short one. I planned originally for this to onvolve the First Task of the Tournament as well, but hm, I failed! Sorry guys. I'm a bit more focused on Reichenbach Falls, plus I joined a fic exchange this year, so it's a bit hectic, with school too. But anyway, I squeezed something short out.
Sherlock looked puzzled and refrained from saying anything. Greg laughed, high-fiving John while Sherlock glared. Much to Sherlock’s amusement, Greg tripped on an illusionary step and fell with a yell on the last two steps. John and Sherlock lost it again.
“I imagine he didn’t think he would be told off for bullying by Mycroft Holmes when he woke up this morning,” John joked lamely. He risked a sideways glance at the Sherlock’s older brother, who was only amusedly contemplating him.
“Yes, how horrible to lose profit from five days,” Sherlock remarked sarcastically. “Honestly, Lestrade. Your state of being is pitiful. I agree with John -- you should take a few days off. Can’t have you die on us, Mom would be furious if she heard we let you.”
“Thanks. What do you do outside of shows? Any other jobs?” John asked, halfway finished with his meal. It was progressively less awkward, save for the occasional dread.
“John’s taking Sherlock out on a date,” Greg said, grinning even wider when Kate squealed and threw herself around John’s neck. His flush was evident now, and he chuckled nervously as if he were in danger.
“Why, Sherlock, obviously,” Mycroft replied, a worried crease deepening in between his brows slightly. His grip on his umbrella tightened, eyes fixed on the stone beneath their feet. John frowned, not knowing what to expect this time.
A muffled laugh shook John’s shoulders. He cracked one eye open, resting his cheek on the flat of his left wrist. His thumb slowly circled over Sherlock’s ribs. “At least it wasn’t a slurpee. And I bought the gummy bears for you too, but she was in dire need of cheering up. You both have a sweet tooth.”
And so, he found himself dropping down into John’s comfortable armchair, legs hung over one arm, his neck propped over the other that was closer to the fireplace. sighing dramatically.
“I have a theory,” Sherlock said, not letting go of where his fingers hooked around John’s sleeve. “I think the passage is clear for now, but let’s not speak loudly.”
“I did. In a bit. Sleepy.”
“God, I wish, darling,” Freddie said, his mustache tilting up as he grinned. He got the reference. “Just coincidence, really, the names and all. I knew they were cheating long before that. In fact, I planned on breaking it off that day. They kicked me out of my own. But I frightened them enough as it was, which I’m glad for. Imagine doing the do and you see me!”
"You can say he's your friend," John suggested.
“Nope, you’re not touching it until it’s finished,” John said, trying to push Sherlock to the side playfully. Sherlock took that as a challenge and reached for the brush in his hand, but John danced backwards out of his reach, the music in the background cheering them on. Sherlock tried to take a hold of his wrists, but John wriggled right out of his hold, the wet brush smearing a trail of blue paint along his white sleeve.
“Alright, Bumble, let’s go home,” John said after he was done laughing. He helped Sherlock get up, neither of them letting go of the other.
also, you can follow my tumblr where I mostly reblog Johnlock stuff nowadays - potterlockedstill
Cas inspected his nails. The nail polish had worn off, but pieces here and there clung to the keratin surface for their dear life. Irene reached into her bag for a nail polish remover and cotton balls.
Mr. Crouch shot a glance in Dumbledore’s direction. “I think that’s all, Albus?”
Dean made it quick. James and Gloria held hands while he made a short speech consisting of awful one liners Sherlock was sure he stole from romantic comedies and his crude pop-culture humour, but the couple didn’t seem to mind.
“Really, you should’ve seen his face,” Selcout kept on defending Potter. Draco exchanged glances with with the Gossiper, as his nickname went - this can mean some juicy news. “Potter was just as surprised as everyone else that the Goblet spit out his name. You shouldn’t get at his throat for that, alright? Especially since there may be a possibility someone wants him dead and that’s why he ended up where he is now, stuck in the Tournament.”
She proceeded to shuffle forwards, hand resting on her belt, centimeters from her still-hidden gun. Upon her introduction to the club, she immediately received arms training, which she mastered quickly, thanks to the journal which she got from the leader.
He barely noticed the bright green Quill and parchment Rita Skeeter laid out on a crate between them.
The buzz of a ringtone quietened them.
John was left speechless, but a smile had tugged at his lips in spite of his confoundedness. This summer was really going to be… different. In the best way possible.
“When we get in the car,” Sherlock told him as they walked past the automatic door. “Was it a good deduction?”
“Where’s Irene?” Sherlock asked with a hint of panic behind his tone, head tilting to where the attic was above them.
Sherlock is elated, but he is restless. He goes out to the mall, where a badass called Anthea provides boxing training. He may join a competition eventually, too, who knows? In the meantime, Irene helps Mrs Hudson get a date. It’s matchmaking time! On the other hand, Sherlock is a little insecure whether John really is interested in him enough to go on a date with him, because… no one ever did, why should this be any different?
Outside, the crunch of gravel and car engine could be heard, accompanied by music from the eighties. Grace barked twice, startled by the noise, announcing the arrival. John stirred, propping himself on an elbow. His dishevelled look gave Sherlock butterflies in the stomach, and he wished for nothing more than to protect this beautiful human being above him.
Take care and stay healthy,
“Alright, if you’re decided, let’s get going, then,” Mike interrupted, pointing a thumb at the minivan. Sarah was already perched on the passenger seat. “Mom said she wants me to be home at eleven-thirty at
“Says you who told Lestrade to get two kinds of ice-cream,” Sherlock reminded him, moving his hand to John’s back, using the tips of his fingers to leisurely trace his vertebrae. He realised he didn’t know nearly as much about John as he should. Unacceptable.“What other flavours do you like? I have to know everything about you.”
Sherlock blinked.
“Oh. Right. Good thing I know it, then. We speak the same language - are you from the North?”
Sherlock kept his eyes fixed on John’s puzzled expression as he asked Dean if they got any garden equipment. John blinked, once, twice. Then gave Sherlock a warm, pleased smile.
“You know what’s best, Hudders.”
Listing to the right page, he chanted five muffled words. A previously blank page suddenly came to life, letters and ink appearing where there was a mere empty double page moments ago. There were drawings of a triangle with an eye, a miniscule infinity symbol drawn as its pupil. And from the upper side of the page, two words stared at Seb as he got ready for meeting his Boss.
There was one problem, which was that Selcout was a transfer student. Well, he changed schools this year, his final seventh. Why, no one knew, he mostly kept to himself and he didn’t strike Draco as someone interesting, being quiet most of the time. Pansy muttered under her breath that he isn’t even British - he transferred from Ilvermorny - but that didn’t matter. He was a Slytherin now, that was important.  Draco’s plan was to befriend him and show Potter that Slytherins are worthy to win this Tournament, the Goblet clearly thought so too.
The bakery had a wide selection of coffees, cold and hot brews alike, and the desserts were mouthwatering from pictures alone. Sam could see how Dean vibrated with want and need when his gaze located the pie section. There goes a stomachache, he’s calling it. But Heavens, they really looked amazing. Maybe Sam will join his gluttonous ass today.
“I’m not. It’s just not important.”
“You’ve been apart for half an hour,” John’s amused but affectionate voice cut through Sherlock’s improvised dance with Rosie. “What took you so long? I met Mike on our way here. Rosie chose a teddy bear in the store while you stayed behind.”
“You can repay me in kisses,” Sherlock mused, cutting him off. John rolled his eyes, but the humour was there.
“Except for Castiel’s,” Sherlock reminded them. This caught Mrs Hudson’s attention.
His question was met with an enthusiastic nod that made Sherlock’s curls bounce up and down, and John laughed heartily at the sight.
Greg scratched the nape of his neck. He needed a shower badly, he stank. “Wasn’t planning on it. But, I don’t know. I don’t think it’s the right time.”
“That doesn’t answer my question.”
“I think Mike would appreciate uninterrupted sleep before his Charms test,” Sherlock said, letting go of John. The blond took a deep, steadying breath, hand gripping on Sherlock’s shirt.
Drarry chapters will land on the 6th, johnlock on the 20th. They'll probably also be shorter. Finally, I found a way of balancing my fave ships, I think. If I get the time, the chapters will be longer and therefore also cover more, we will see.
She proceeded to answer some of Cas’ questions about what tropes she liked and how he would have to choose a ship. She told him it’s not mandatory to have a ship, but he can if he wants to, giving him free reign over what he wants to choose. Cas should go for a pair he thinks has good chemistry and fits together, which may in turn be his own personal preference. Dean noticed that she emphasised Cas making his own decisions for himself. Did she know about the Heavenly policies about brainwashing angels? Did Cas tell her or did she figure some of it out herself? She was a smart cookie, this girl. Dean liked her tremendously. She was adorable as a four-year-old, and sassy as a young woman all grown up.
He really was interested to see how Lestrade would escalate this on his own merit. But then again, Sherlock felt a pang of empathy for the man. He also despised misbehaving feral children, and the two brats that played innocent conveniently upon confrontation had reminded him of his school bullies. So yes, he did think that Lestrade’s imprisonment was unjust. But the chase around the car with Dimmock and the slip on mud? Bloody hilarious. Ten out of then, he’d witness the fall again.
“I showed you my methods of working, you
“I won’t object,” Cas answered. His gaze flicked back to John for a fleeting moment.
episode 9, chapter 3
As slowly as possible, he began removing himself from Sherlock’s warm and inviting embrace, muttering sweet nothings in the attempt to let Sherlock sleep longer. It worked! John crouched in front of the couch, sliding his arm from under his boyfriend’s side and he stood up. Aw. Sherlock looked adorable, sleeping so peacefully.
“Ah, well. I expected it,” Irene said, playing with the hem of her skirt. “We’ll get her next time.”
His grunkle had his chin propped up on the flat of his palm, forking bites of rice into his mouth. He looked better, but the exhaustion stayed around the edges, rough and crude. John’s lips pursed together as he scanned the rest of Greg’s physical state. He needs a break.
“Oi! I have the right to be snarky, it’s too early for me to be up.”
She stared longingly at the cliffs stretching wide, bordering the quarry, and Irene felt a pang of sympathy for her newfound friend. Marina must be so lonely out here. How would she feel if she were stranded without family and ability to contact them? She’d be crushed.
John looked at Sherlock in horror. “You can’t be serious.”
Hirsch ran up to a deer at the side on the road, hopping on its back. He petted his fur. John doubted his sanity, his right eye twitching. Four hours of sleep weren’t his cup of tea. Irene’s eyebrows raised, but she made no comment of the mounted deer.
“It could be his friendliness. As you pointed out, he’s too nice.”
“I hate the pink she wears. I think I saw her wear green like, once,” Kate said, and Irene had to agree. “And green suits her a lot better if you ask me. Pink would give her away immediately, it’s her trademark colour.”
The question hung in the air as he removed a tiny bit of OG’s stuffing out. To Irene, it looked like regular toy stuffing. The kind you have in teddy bears.
Henry isn’t going to come back to his old self. Whatever trauma he’s been through, he’s not going to return to his old self. He’s not going to remember his father, or Dimmock, or
“No. She doesn’t deserve it.”
“I do. I saw that you were kind of mesmerized by the selection of honey -- I know you find bees fascinating, so I thought I’d leave you to it. I was saying that I was going to pay, and go to the toy store and take Rosie. Then I told you not to be long, but you probably missed the part where I said I was taking Rosie, hm? I should’ve made sure you know that. It just stressed you out unnecessarily. You looked devastated before you saw Rosie, and I got a bit scared about what had happened. I thought you were ambushed by Santa or something.”
“From what?”
Suddenly feeling more fatigued than ever, Sherlock decided to obey John. His presence was calming and already strange enough as it was, and he liked observing the land dwellers. He was the first one to show kindness to him. Even though he had yet to show his culinary prowess.
“Mornin’ kid,” Lestrade said monotonically, inhaling deeply, holding the nicotine cloud in his lungs for a bit, then exhaling through his nose. The instant relief was visible, and Sherlock related to that. There were free periods between lectures and labs when reality became too much and he needed an out. So, he sneaked behind the closest building and smoked at least three cigarettes in one go. Needs must, what else is there to say?
"How?"
“Well I’m
“It does sound like Greg, he actually did that last year,” the blond said, crossing his arms. Oh-oh, so he actually tags around the place sometimes. He knows Lestrade by his first name - no angry customer, then.
“Yep! Mike, how about we celebrate? We need to pick a name for this fluffer.”
Greg’s stomach grumbled; it was time for breakfast. A part of him wished that Mrs Hudson had made something, but the other scolded him for silently expecting his employee and friend to do more than she had initially wagered for (however willingly). The smell encasing the inside of the house told him he was lucky. Bacon and eggs it is.
“Guys! Guess who came back?” John said, eyeing Irene suspiciously, then Sherlock. His boyfriend shrugged and stood up to greet the Winchesters, but Irene, ever the social butterfly, beat him to it.
“No, it’s a Canadian band.”
The timetables were given out by Professor McGonagall again. She politely greeted each student, wishing them good morning.
“Rain and a very vigilant Nicolas Cage,” Cas replied, and the room went silent. “What?”
“Not one step more!” the man shouted, the look in his eyes manic. He was breathing hard, and he was aggravated.
“It’s cute!” Irene protested at his shock. “Please!”
“What the
The next time Irene stepped out of TARDIS, the weather stayed as delightfully unbearable as the other four or five times. She lost count. The toi tois were still deathly stinking, even worse than a bog. Irene and the time traveller duo made their way to the stalls where everything resumed to its initial stage. Irene didn’t bother going up to Mike and Molly. She and Donna bought a cup of water each, the Doctor opting for a pink fizzy soda he sucked through a metal straw he magicked out of his suit.
“Me too,” Sherlock said, leaning his back against the cheap plastic folding chair. John watched as he stretched, purple shirt tightening over his ribs. He licked his lips and rubbed his nose, prying his eyes from the gorgeous man next to him and focused on the yard.
Sherlock rolled onto his side, propping his chin on pale knuckles. “Need a hand?” he smirked, loving the death glare he got in return.
updated: 25.4. 2021
Thank you all for reading and I wish you all a very nice day/night wherever you are~
“He’ll get around to it. They’ll be back soon enough. And then John will shower you in gifts and whatever else you need. Ew, wait --”
Sherlock looked up, blinking. Ah. See, there’s a minor problem. Sherlock was born mute. He cannot speak. But he could sign, and even if it took all his energy, he pushed his hand into the man’s through the shivers, and signed the letters of his name, hoping that the man was familiar with the common sign language. It was a gamble, but Sherlock had no other means of communication, in sea or on land.
messy.”
Take care and watch out for a new reincarnation of nic Cage,
Returning to consciousness was less pleasant than usual, and this awful feeling was amplified by muscle ache and back pain, and an overwhelming disorientation that left Sherlock swaying even while lying horizontally.
He left, making the shower a quick affair. He dried off, put on fresh shorts and a black tank top and he padded to the first floor. Grace and Greg were still dozing off on the couch, and John checked the time. His grunkle has slept for three and a half hours. Good, he needs it. He went to the kitchen and poured himself some iced tea. There were vegetables on the lowest shelf of the fridge: carrots, a can of corn that was opened for some reason, and a couple of bell peppers. He could cook stir fry for dinner tonight.
S̴o̸r̸r̵y̴,̷ ̵a̷n̷g̶e̴r̵ ̴i̶s̶s̸u̶e̶s̷,̷ ̵h̷a̶!̶
, she thought. She should’ve asked for one-hundred percent of the money made today. With a jolt of realisation, she sat up, taking in the space where she had fallen.
“Join me?” John arched an eyebrow, putting it out in the open. There. He said it.
, but what… “Your ex is pressuring you into a dinner where she’ll inevitably pop the big question and you’re
“Mhm.”
A frown creased Dean’s forehead. “Well aren’t you a buzzkill. What’s wrong?”
The kickstart of a car engine deafened the otherwise peaceful night. The lights lit up, rays laser-sharp focused on John and Cage. God, this must’ve looked comical. Someone behind the wheel honked and the car practically flew at them; John only had so much self-preservation left to gather himself up in time and barrel roll to the side.
But I promise that nothing vile will happen! not between the boys, they've been pining a lot for me to punish them like that, nah
“Cool! Some people find it morbid, but it’s not that bad,” Molly smiled shyly, tucking a stray strand of brunette hair behind her ear. Mike shifted weight from one him to another, making him stand closer to her. Irene winked at him, then finished her drink. Then it dawned on her.
“Are there any rankings which can help determine what Rift we’re dealing with?” Sherlock asked and Irene groaned. Donna grunted in sympathy.
“When is he coming back?” It was now Sherlock’s turn to speak. Gloria froze and the other three in their company tensed as a slight wind crept up their bodies.
“Yeah, the local tarotist offered to try and give insight, but I wasn’t there.”
“Very nice,” John commented, “but you should’ve done a backflip.”
. And there -- perfection.
“Cykers is an idiot,” Sherlock waved a hand dismissively.
"How did you know it was here?" John asked, stunned by the warmth that crept up his sleeves - a complete opposite of the dungeons.
“I told Gloria I would come from the waterfall and signal her with a lantern that it was me. It was a new moon when I arrived back to the Falls and a fog set over the town like a blanket. I was careful not to fall into the river and when I came to the edge of the waterfall, I put my lantern down. I took my shoes off and set down, climbing the rocks carefully as I did many times before.
“Was he your husband?”
And there, on the path ahead of them on a wide glade rose numerous turquoise and magenta crystals, all of different shapes and sizes, sticking out from the ground at strange angles. A few of them reflected and channelled the sun’s rays where it sneaked between the thick leaves and branches, redirecting it to shine on the ground. In the twilight of the glade, it looked magical, otherworldly. John and Irene gaped, eyes wide with wonder and awe. No matter how old people were, moments like these would always transform them into giddy, excited children for whatever short period of time the revelation lasted.
He jotted down everything important, arranging it neatly across two yellowish pages in the leather-bound book. Once done with, Sherlock slumped on the sofa, shoulders touching John’s. He hesitated before John explicitly told him that, ‘Yes, you can rest your head on my arm, or wherever,’ and then happily obliged. John listed through the journal, one arm hugging Sherlock around the shoulders, humming when Sherlock added a note or two of his own deductions when a particularly interesting phenomenon or creature appeared on a page.
“I could do better tricks without much fuss,” Sherlock said, head tilted closer for John to hear as he slouched in his seat. “Oh! I have a vision….
“Won’t I burn my hands?”
“Plus you have practise.”
"Unfortunately."
EDIT: changed Occlumency to Legilimency, as that was an error on my side - Occlumency is protecting your thoughts from Legilimency, as @annemedwards in the comments pointed out, thank you again! :)
“Have you two lost touch?” Irene asked carefully. She didn’t want to bring up Greg’s painful memories, but steaming it all the time wasn’t helpful either.
Sherlock cleared his throat and John forced himself to stare at the blurred trees lining the road. He didn’t even know if Sherlock was
Irene shrugged. She put on her sunglasses and tied her long brown hair in a ponytail. “Maybe his shop got busy. Or he’s just an arse.”
“Yes. I told you I don’t like Christmas.”
“Obviously.”
Jake’s ears dipped, sad but understanding. He hugged Irene around her neck and murmured into her collarbone, “It’s alright. Thank you for keeping our deal and not telling them.”
James’s eyes widened, but he talked. He hugged Gloria closer to his chest to ease her distress. “I should’ve known sooner. Hudson was my friend ever since we were born. We both took on sailing with the Spaniards in our youth after our parents died, but the trade was dishonest and we sold arms to aid wars escalate into open conflict. I didn’t mind it because I stayed on the vessel, only handling the items, and my family was long gone to be ashamed of my ways. But then I found myself falling in love with a girl from Virginia and I had no desire to continue.
“Oh my God, you noticed! It’s a new Dove cream for wrinkles, would you like some for that incoming bruise on your jaw?” Dean punched him in the arm and Sam laughed, his longer hair bouncing as his head fell back affectionately.
“Greeting, Helga,” Rowena said, tilting her head fractionally.
Sherlock fell silent at that. He wanted to tell Mycroft about the Silver Blaze, but after such intrusion he felt like protecting it as he considered only John being worthy of knowing about the flower excluding Sherlock. But… Mycroft acted strangely. His brother, who expressed arrogance and had a high sense of responsibility would not bat an eye to tell at him if a Professor stumbled upon them. Of course, he would merely point out he caught his brother trespassing, but he would do so confidently. Tonight, something was off.
He followed the rest to the kitchen. And there he saw it, and the puzzle pieces connected as Irene let out an indignant screech in the attic that carried on like a battle cry of Amazon warriors. Of course she was hyperactive.
Sherlock’s face was enlightened by the turquoise light, and the gleam in his eyes reminded Irene that of a mad scientist. Donna observed them from the side, and the doors to TARDIS creaked open when a voice of the Doctor reached them.
“Sure. It’s alright, I kind of figured,” she smirked, crossing arms over her chest. She relished the way John’s cheeks flushed, him doing his hardest to stay focused on the road ahead. “I mean, you’ve both been pining since day one. Now, tell me the details! Sherlock told me you asked him out. I need to know everything!”
“I know him better than you. You think you’re something special? Sorry to break it to you, sunshine, but you’re far from special. You keep calling yourself an ‘Absolutely Gorgeous Reichenbach Angel’ but you know what? To me you are an Absolutely Gross Rambunctious Asshole. You’re a fake.”
He screamed so loud the disney princesses and even Hulk jumped at the decibels. John, on the other hand, took a protective stance of Sherlock and Irene. It was a small action, but Sherlock noted it. It was almost instinctual for John to do this - just like during the Gloria Scott case. He filed it away for later deduction.
“I will,
“You both will regret making me order it,” John said, fingers tapping on the polished wooden surface. “Honestly, you don’t know what you’re getting yourself into. Pizza Hawai? Yeah, that’s vile.”
“Sorry, it’s not like I want to pry,” Irene said, brows knitting into a slight frown. “John is very nice, it’s hard to imagine him being sad or unsociable.”
There were several things that confused him.
climbing skills to become a domestic mountain goat to get what your heart desired. He only had to lift his arm. That’s it. Luxury, that’s what his height meant.
“Shall I remind you that we’re not supposed to be here? We were supposed to go to the Napoleonic times, and we’re late!”
“GOOD? It's so tasty! You just buy this?”
“And how has Miss Morstan been doing these past few days?” Magnussen asked, steepling fingers under his chin.
“And you most certainly did,” said a silky smooth voice from the top of the moving stairs. Mycroft.
“What was his name? The dog’s, I mean.”
“Yes.”
“Start up your lesbian brain and think!”
“Sure, after you woo a mermaid, maybe,” Sherlock said mockingly, but that didn’t put Irene off. “It is unlikely I will become so easily infatuated with someone. I don’t need it, neither do I want it.”
“I’m sleeping in,” Irene decided on the spot, not taking no for an answer should John challenge her on it. He didn’t attempt it in the slightest, a nod of his head acknowledging her wise decision. She turned to her brother, who was staring at OG, teeth grazing his lower lip, hands on hips defiantly. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock and John turned to walk back through the wall, but Rowena’s voice stopped them.
“Yes, I hate to repeat myself. Look!” John looked, crouching next to Sherlock. And indeed -- a small, fuzzy, stocky-bodied insect that Sherlock identified as a bumblebee crawled on his hand.
Irene had to take a moment to process the new information. “Jesus Christ,” she winced, the name of her slurpee nemesis being the first thing that could expertly express her emotions. “Molly? Bullied? But she’s… she’s literally the sweetest human ever!”
“Hi, Mary,” he managed to say after she pulled back. She looked…. fine, he guessed. There was still this imaginative halo of sparkles around her scintillating from her, thanks to her lively energy. John knew it well, she charmed a lot of people with it, but it didn’t work on him anymore. Not much. Hell, did it ever? “Erm, good show.”
“You figured who that new guy is, Greggy?” a scratchy voice from a shelf above the cash register said. Greg squinted in the semi-darkness illuminated by dimmed moon beams at a shriveled head. A souvenir from Louisiana.
John’s knees bent, but suddenly, Cage charged at him, a battlecry coming through the half of his upside-down face. John barely had time to react to the onslaught, darting to his left as the axe hit the metal ladder steps again. He drew the bat, raising it in kind as Cage yielded his weapon repeatedly. Doing this, John couldn’t tackle the fucker to the ground and disarm him.
episode 9, chapter 5
“The. What.”
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand, encouragingly. Dean seemed to have noticed his friend’s shadow wings as well, for he gave him a firm nod and slowly inched towards the angel blade. A few of the Barbies were distracted by the thudding above.
"Damn the cat!" John muttered under his breath, the animal walking by as though it were taking a stroll on the beach, taking its time to locate the trespassers.
“Yeah, let’s pack this up and get it back to the shed,” Dean said, fanning his face with his hand. “Oh, hey Gerta.”
“Boys, manners,” John scolded them, rolling his eyes. Sherlock repeated the gesture, getting tired of this interaction. “But I think that while we’re waiting for Sherlock’s Dad’s response, we should do something about the gamekeeper.”
“You could’ve been more sensible about it,” Sherlock said, amused by how Wilkes’ arrogance played him. “The doors are the first thing homeless people or robbers go for. They’d be long gone if there wasn’t a mechanism from either side holding them in place.”
“Rosie?” Sherlock called out, legs moving on their own as he tried to keep a cool head. He darted from one end of the aisle to the other, checking the connecting corridors for a sight of her or John. But John couldn’t have taken her -- he told
That much was apparent. Mary’s throat made a noncommittal noise to agree, and she took out her earpiece. How could they make Greg consider the offer? Mind tricks would be easy, but again, the pearl necklace was gone… and he wasn’t a feeble mind to be manipulated unlike the crowds she entertains daily. He mentioned a deed…. A fraud where they let him sign the Shack over to the Club could work.
special thanks to bee, dee, and by fancy hair band that makes me look classy
“What the fuck?! Why can’t I get a full night of sleep off a case?” he whined, struggling to right himself. The lights flicked on, and the sight before them revealed their attackers. What followed was a round of expletives from both John and Sherlock and Dean. Cas stayed silent and took in the enemy.
, I predict that this show is going to be incredibly
’ without full stop at the end of the sentence and an emoji sticking out its tongue. This was debilitating.
“Actually!” Sherlock exclaimed, shooting up to his feet as he hurried out of the room, mainly to avoid blushing right in front of John.
Donna and the Doctor raised eyebrows at one another, but nodded. Sherlock shot up to standing to see how he can help. What followed was a flurry of motion as the Doctor drew out a large see-through glass board while Donna fetched markers they could write with, handing one to Sherlock and the Doctor. Irene took a seat behind them, letting exhaustion weaken her legs as the back of her knees hit the cushion.
episode 3, chapter 4
“Let’s say they end up together by the end of July,” he said at last.
Sherlock avoided John's gaze and pretended not to hear him.
"Smart-ass," John said, giggling.
“I did, but I don’t have a favourite,” he answered truthfully. “I was thinking that maybe Ravenclaw, since I am more bookish than before, but then again Slytherin is sort of the equivalent of Ilvermorny’s Wampus, isn’t it?”
“How about wisps?” Sherlock suggested, using his forefinger to turn the page. Difficult, but he managed, not wanting to let go of John’s hand.
He shuffled towards the bedroom, exhaustion closing his eyes midway there. He was happy when he basically fell face down on his pillow next to John, who was snoring loudly from under a thin blanket. He shifted slightly at the motion of Sherlock slamming himself on the bed, but he remained sound asleep.
“Darling, I can make a rocketship if I want to. The Other Greg had a short, but plentiful time with us in the twenty-seven hours. Who knows what else the cat drags in next.”
, then he’ll lose count of how many times he fell off the mall’s rooftop.
“I’ve been a fool to trust it,” Sherlock said bitterly, digging his hands in his pockets angrily. He gave John a fleeting glance before following his steps again. “But I knew you would see through it.”
“Yes. I used my grace to channel lightning to incinerate him. It’s temporary, though. I wasn’t able to find out what class or species he would specify as when it comes to his origins, although he confessed that his creator ate ‘pot brownies’ when he sold him to Greg.”
Laughter could be heard from the upper storey, but there was no one to hear it to chastise them for it. And when laughter was replaced by hushed moans and laboured breathing, well. It
Irene nodded fervently, as if she just heard news about aliens being real. Which they were, according to their encounter with the mysterious time travellers. “We could read it together! I got John on my watchlist to convert him, maybe we could have reading sessions… Jesus, Sam, you’ve made my day.”
“Alright. I’ll go tell him.”
With a glance of the Prefect, the crowd dissolved into their respective classes and only John and himself stood in the deserted corridor. John mumbled an apology and hurried behind Sherlock, he didn't want to cause any more trouble than he possibly already did.
John turned around to face a tall Ravenclaw Prefect, his badge shining in the little light of the dungeons.
“Tim,” John and Sherlock said at the same time. Tim laughed at that, the boxes jiggling slightly. It was relatively dark under there, despite the summer sun sparkling the park up rather vigorously. Magic as always.
“Why? Do you seriously believe in vampires?” Wilkes bore into him, a wicked sort of smile on his mediocre looking face. “Dude, you’re an adult, grow up! It’s just tales! What kind of nonsense do they feed you in Britain?”
“Leave where?” Sherlock asked, shooting John a quizzical glance when he put toast on a plate in front of him. “Oh. Thank you?”
Sherlock finished the rest of his tea. He rose to his feet to put the cup in the sink and go have a shower. Sighing, he gave John a firm nod. He’ll find a way to get them home earlier, but the chocolate sounded promising. “Aye aye, captain.”
“So, Mister Holmes,” Anthea said, giving Sherlock a professional look, hands clasped behind her back. “We’ll start at three, the session lasts an hour. If you’ll find it useful, we can sign you up for further classes.”
Irene slithered out of his grip and disappeared to go have her
“Yeah, he kind of lost his passion over the years for some reason. He’s a decent cook, but it’s become something of a running joke with us.”
“Slytherin.”
“Well, they’re
“Shit, sorry!” John said, taking an awkward step back, hands raised in self-defense. Sherlock didn’t hear him come in, he was too deep in his analysis of the Wheel. He exhaled in a long, shuddering breath (embarrassing), but waved his hand in a dismissive motion. “It’s just that I called your name a couple times from the doorway but you’ve been so absorbed that you didn’t hear me. I guess. So, uh, I figured I’d come in? I thought you’d notice but you’re an avid reader, heh.”
we wouldn’t get to cross these weirdos. Ugh, the O’Learys are sure getting on my nerves. Sons of bitches. Daughters of the Wicked Witch of the East. Bastards thinking the rain won’t stop the fun? Oh yeah? I want to see that! You know what, I hope YOU ALL GET SOAKED AND DIE OF SOME SHOCKING RESPIRATORY DISEASE LIKE THEY WOULD TWO HUNDRED YEARS AGO!”
“Shut up, she’s cuter than you. And I did, you were five, but it seems like your brain has shrunk with your spine, little bro.”
Two long months he’d gone without seeing his Ravenclaw friend. He admittedly missed his pale face and his snarky comments about everyone and everything. Their only correspondence was through Henry, whom John had to send to Sherlock’s for a few days in July again for the same reason as in December the previous year. John had tried to persuade Sherlock to come have a sleepover at any point during the holidays, but the boy refused and had a handful of excuses each time. They were legit, though, so John didn’t push it under the promise that they’d have it one day.
“You don’t need to worry, these guys are family-friendly. We’ll come up with a plan on how to get you out of here.”
“We can’t risk it. Why is she that attached to John, anyway?”
“Both are good. Greg is cool.”
“David Tennant?”
Sam felt a smile tugging at his lips. “Yeah, we are too. We currently have no cases on --”
The bursting mushrooms being a core ingredient caused a lot more trouble than anticipated since it started swelling up the moment someone’s hand was centimeters from touching it.
Sherlock stared at John, both men coming to a halt. He started playing with the back of John’s hair, the sticky paint clumping its short strands with vigour. He didn’t know whether he could bring himself to speak without his voice quivering. He swallowed, gave a small nod, touching their foreheads again, pressing closer to John whose strong arms hugged him.
“Have a glass of water,” John said nodding to the cupboard above the sink. Sherlock looked longingly between it and John, lazy to move. “Git, help yourself. I’m eating.”
"Maybe it's a defense mechanism," said John, shrugging. "We have Flying class now, right?"
“Yeah! She always gets agitated talking to him. He riles her up every time. Mary also occasionally mentions John and that she’ll make him fall in love with him.”
Another three minutes passed. No sign of his crazy people he associated with. Resignation huffing in his lungs, Sherlock walked inside, confidence taking over his posture like armour in a practised seamless motion.
“It does. My grace ran out prior to my waking up, but why do I have it now? And what’s more, why can’t I use my full powers? I wanted to go help Sam and Dean. I miss Dean.”
“Do you want me to catch you?” Kate asked, arms open. Irene let go of the pirate flag on her own, landing into a crouch as well smoothly. Her aired sneakers helped. Kate smiled approvingly.
” Mork said victoriously, always desperate to get the last word. “Hey, why the long face? Pinetree, Rose, and Bee are practically all good to go soon. You’re just missing your Sun, don’t ya.”
“Great, our angel has amnesia,” Dean said, sniffing. Sam’s brows furrowed.
There were gradations in blue, from midnight or azure and sky blue to turquoise or lapis lazuli type of colour. The darker shades would suit Cas and go nicely with his eyes, from an objective point of view. The material was good, soft and light, and the shirts weren’t even that expensive. They should get him undershirts too. Or tank tops, whatever. Sherlock grabbed three white shirts for good measure since that was Castiel’s default wardrobe and changes should be gradual.
When he told Mycroft he’d track down the artifact thieves alone, he didn’t count on the landfolk to be so cunning and interested in the merfolk to this extent. Sure, he was fascinated by them, but his thirst for practical knowledge got the better of him. And that resulted in injuries and being dragged across dry land in an atrocious, undignified fishnet like a mermaid in distress. If he were able to, he’d roll his eyes at his gullible trust. But Sherlock was afraid that that would cause more harm than morbid relief.
Lestrade froze in horror, then shock, then fury. He scolded the boys, who only intensified their throws, no intention of stopping on the horizon. “Where are your parents?” Sherlock heard Lestrade say, barely containing his rage.
“Who would kill a doll?” John implored, shuffling closer to Sherlock to get a better look for himself.
“I believe ‘hammered’ is one expression that could be used,” Cas coughed, his voice even raspier than usual. “I didn’t realise I’d fallen asleep.”
ahead of himself. He hadn’t even asked Sherlock out on a date yet! And he wasn’t even sure if Sherlock felt the same! A sixth sense told him that he did, to a degree. But he couldn’t be sure. What would Sherlock do?
They both burst out laughing at that, Sherlock quirking an eyebrow, returning his attention to the newspaper fully. Did he and Irene look like this to others when they bantered? Possibly. Ah, that may be how you recognise a family.
Once they landed, they took a bus that would drive them to the small town where this ‘family friend’ lived. He was quite young, in his thirties, apparently. Sherlock only remembered his last name and he didn’t care to actually remember the whole of it. Why bother? They’re only stuck here for two months. Then he will say bye-bye to this forgotten corner of the world for good.
“You really don’t mind.” Sherlock sounded skeptical. John was taken aback ever so slightly by how fast his grunkle accepted the dogs, but should he be? He’s a Disney Princess alright.
“Is that the blond guy he talks to? Ah. Well, then it’s true they’re idiots. You can smell the hormones mixing. It makes me sneeze.”
, may I add.”
They stuck out tongues at each other, acting very mature for their age, as they should. Donna and the Doctor’s arrival was foretold by the heaving gasps of both; the summer weather did neither of them good.
“On my way!” John said back, not raising his voice too much as not to disturb the deceased. It’s been a habit since when he was a child. He didn’t think of it as silly -- no, actually, he liked the idea of it. After all, cemeteries were the places of the buried people’s last rest, so peace and silence was the reasonable price to pay here. He shot the entrance gate one last look, the mysterious figure long gone. He stuffed the uneasy feeling deeper down in his chest, pressing on with their current objective.
Into battle!
that you call your hosts stand in my way to claim my position as his best friend!”
As much as John wanted to stay lying around, his biological needs overrode his desire to stay horizontal and enjoy another summer holidays morning. He quietly extricated himself from the mattress, careful not to disturb either of his friends. He closed the door on his room with a muffled ‘click’ and padded over to the bathroom.
Updated: 1.3. 2021 (happy bday Jensen Ackless?)
“What the hell was that about?” John said after the shock had worn off. He craned his neck to see where Irene had gone to. “I mean, I agree with everything she said, and honestly? I’ll let her handle my life any time after this.”
“It does feel like it,” John said sheepishly, hanging his head low to hide his blush. He rolled up his shirt sleeves up to his elbows. Irene approved, thinking it raised his objective attractiveness by approximately ten percent from her years of observation of the dating scene. Smart choice, Watson. “Jesus, it’s crazy, I know. But it just feels so… comfortable. Like we’ve done it thousands of times before. It doesn’t even feel like a first date, we’re just enjoying ourselves like we’re past that stage.”
“Yes, yes. Now listen -- what do you plan to do about Mary?”
“True. Jeez, I have a feeling of deja vu. Did I dream that we had this talk already?” he huffed a laugh, and Greg did too, if a bit nervously. He pried himself from his nephew, bumping his shoulder.
“Just a sec… there. Yep, ready!” John said, showing him a thumbs up. He jumped on Sherlock’s bed, a notepad and pen in hand. He offered to take notes along his phone taking video evidence of their experiment.
“I hate this,” he groaned into the fluffy pillow, but the material muffled it into ‘
They listened through the engine sounds and breeze grazing by the window, the sun setting, painting the sky in purples, blues, and pinks. Sherlock focused on the lyrics, the chorus, and the collective power of the original cast’s voices. When the last of violins dramatically ended the song, Sherlock retrieved the earbud and tucked his phone in his pocket, awaiting the verdict.
A bump on the road hitched up the car, tearing him from his reverie. Irene stared into her phone, nonplussed, Mrs Hudson at the wheel, humming along to an unfamiliar song. His eyes roamed over Irene’s figure, taking in her clothes. She chose to wear a pink skirt with purple dots today, a lilac t-shirt to go along the outfit. A fuzzy pink sweater fulfilled the picture, resting on her knees. Why she had the need to drag the obnoxious looking piece to Angelo’s, Sherlock had no clue. Fashionistas, every bit as mad as scientists.
Sherlock got to his feet, marching up and down the room. John tapped the pen against his chapped lips, rereading the notes:
“No, but I almost did a backflip when I read John’s message,” Sam joked. He ran a hand through his silky long hair. “I was thinking that we could visit the fortune teller that lives in the neighbouring town. She told us about Gloria Scott. Maybe her living in the vicinity of Reichenbach Falls might give us some answers.”
Also, a bit more of insecure Sherlock waiats us in this episode because he's a smol bean, and he wants to be perfect for John, which he is, he just needs a dose of confidence.
The incoming line of guests seemed never-ending, but eventually things calmed down. Sherlock muttered a deduction or observation here and there, John barely concealing his enjoyment of the gossip material he had earned. As soon as the last person in line passed inside, Kate’s speech got to them.
John piled up a handful of sand and patted it onto a bigger, mushier pile of darkened wet sand. He obeyed Sherlock’s orders on the matter of building sandcastles, sweating through the ordeal. Personally he thought it ridiculous for the castle to have a toruture dungeon, but when Sherlock pouted
Built in-wall stood a closet, and Greg slid the doors aside as he surveyed what he had available. A pair of blue shorts, a pair of yellow and green striped pyjama bottoms, and a shitload of tank tops, mostly white, black, grey, or light blue. He opted for the shorts and a grey tank top; the temperatures were higher than kites nowadays. He could withstand the day in a suit since the museum and gift shop had air conditioning, but the rest of the house barely allowed a break from the hot summer climate. He changed and tossed the crumpled suit trousers, shirt, and vest aside to bring it down to the laundry room later. He didn’t disturb the made up bed; he rarely slept in it anyway. He usually kipped on the sofa, in the basement, or he passed out in his chair in the office. The bed was lonely and vast and deserted if it was only Greg who occupied the space.
Blake blinked. “Uhm…” Despite his speechlessness, the Quill dashed across the parchment, writing utter nonsense about him. “A friend convinced me. I didn’t want to, initially…. Ugh, I didn’t… Didn’t think I’d be one of the champions.”
“Hi,” he said, suspicion arising in his gut. Sherlock gave him a smile unlike any he had seen from him -- too… hungry, if he were to be honest. John’s stomach twisted. Something was wrong. “Everything alright?”
Irene jutted her chin upwards for her to explain.
“Change my mind.”
smarter.”
in which there are clues
John grabbed a pixie that landed on the steering wheel by the ankles and threw her out. Simple. Modern problems require modern solutions, after all. Irene and Sherlock did the same, but Sherlock’s step-sister took great delight in banging them against the cart’s interior first before disposing of them.
“So, Blake Selcout,” Skeeter said, leaning in closer. Blake pressed his back to the wall.
They fired, squares of useless, wasted paper and plastic littering the air and ground; soldiers fell to the floor, muscles and bones no longer mattering, wounds inflicted. Irene flopped on her back on the sofa, holding her neck and heaving for breath. John clutched his left shoulder, falling on his back, eyes on the ceiling where Kate’s fairy lights dangled high above them. Ave Maria could practically be heard in the background (quite literally, Mrs Hudson was having one of her
Thankfully, John was there to save Irene from landing face-down into muddy grass. His reflexes caught her while she slipped, hands on her waist to make her steady. Irene jumped down on the firm ground with a huff, proudly showing John the rose as she sucked on her finger where the skin was penetrated by a green thorn.
Frowning, he stood up and pocketed the piece of fabric and set out to the museum below.
Greg leaned on the shovel in his sweaty grasp and let out a suffering sigh. He will have to recalibrate the shield securing the cave because the sucker was slacking. He couldn’t blame him, he’s been at it for almost two decades, but if it meant that certain spots were caving
“Mrs Hudson.”
Greg grinned. “Do you know a quiet place? I brought my broom with me, I can teach you some Quidditch maneuvers!”
John rolled his eyes, but smiled. “Thanks, I guess. This happened yesterday too. After Sherlock resolved the problem at the theatre I… looked at him, he did the same, and I couldn’t
. Have you ever considered that shopping in child aisles is outdated for you? What even is this t-shirt? And the pictures on it?”
“You said this is our last stop?” John asked, putting a hand on Sherlock’s arm, leading him to a familiar spot away from the fuss.
“He said that Heaven is actually corrupt.” Irene walked over to Sherlock’s bed to tidy it. Her brother could be such a slob. “And aren’t angels, like, God’s warriors? Oh yeah, and God is an absent father, apparently. On the contrary, Cas should be scary.”
“Tomatoes? What on Earth for?”
“Nothing of your concern, brother-dear,” Mycroft said quietly, halting in the doorframe. He spared Sherlock one last look. The light in the hallway cast shadows over half his face. He looked ghostly in a way. “You’re welcome, by the way. You could pack yourself next time.”
"Then search our pockets," said Sherlock. It was the first time he spoke since getting caught. "It will prove we don't have anything on us."
"Fake."
Realisation passed Cas’ eyes, the two baby blue irises suddenly understanding. He kept standing in that goddamn corner like an eldritch creature -- which he actually was -- but the uneasiness that Dean had had melted. However, it seemed as though Cas’ own had grown.
There were people in the past equally as ignorant as those who ran the puppet show in the Wizarding World right now, equally as cruel, he dared say, who tried to hurt John. And oh, had Sherlock dealt with them…. He’d do it again without moment's hesitation, and John would do the same. Extermination of enemies didn’t work legally, however, so they’d have to come up with a better strategy if it came to the worst.
John glared at him until Sherlock let go of the topic. Then he grabbed the mystery journal and a pen to jot down whatever Cas recalled and that was the end of it. Sherlock tried to sulk, but Cas continued and so he pushed through John’s unwillingness to explore the phenomenon.
A beat of silence. “They’re homeless, John,” Sherlock said, a hint of sadness on the edges.
“She’s a relative from our mother’s side of the family,” he explained, thinking of the tiny scratch their father scribbled at the back of one page in his very own journal. He never mentioned her, never sought her out… why not? Now that he and Dean knew that their mom was from a hunter family, was it possible that their aunt knew their way about the supernatural world like them? “But we’ve never met her before. It was a coincidence when we went over our dad’s journal shortly before the Gloria Scott case. But then the Disneyland case came up and we couldn’t stay for longer, so we decided we’d come around.”
Laid out ahead of them was a narrow corridor, tunneled out some unknown time ago, but John guesses it had to be long in the past. The air smelled stale but moist, tickling the inside of his nostrils. He had to fight the urge to sneeze.
“Irene went to fetch cucumbers from the garden,” Mrs Hudson said, putting down her teacup. “We’ll have face masks.”
Sherlock was forced to wander around the Shack for most of the afternoon, still in his pyjamas. He heard Irene rushing upstairs so loudly he had the whole upper floor mapped out just by the sounds of their creaky floor. When the digital clock in the shape of a racoon head striked four, Irene rushed to the ground floor, tying the sleeves of a pink hoodie around her waist. She loudly announced she is leaving to no one in particular ignoring Sherlock, and shut the door with a bang.
just an FYI, this chapter was reviewed and triple checked like a month ago as I was touching it up, and I usually do another re-read the day before or of posting, but not today, I'm dizzy and impatient and I need a break
Dean, not in the mood to reference rap songs, tears his hair out as the audience tracks lose their shit at the hilarity.
“You’d be surprised,” Sam said, chin tipping towards the boat. “We’d better get going, then. We’re Sam and Dean Winchesters, by the way. Brothers,” he added, motioning to the two of them.
“Does this mean that there are paintings of Salazar Slytherin and Gryffindor too?” Sherlock asked, eyes scanning the room. He paced up and down, touching things he probably shouldn’t and peeking into boxes that could contain something deadly, but Rowena and Helga seemed nonpetrubed. “Why wouldn’t you be in the Headmaster’s office?”
“Saving us from Cage,” Sherlock said quietly as Irene told Mrs Hudson about Homestuck and a character named Rose. “And therefore me. If you hadn’t acted fast enough, he would have gotten me sliced up into pieces.”
“Hi,” Harry said stiffly, shifting where he stood. The girl next to him looked Blake over, her dark brown eyes skimming critically over him; he felt strangely exposed.
PETS!! and soft Sherlock <3 I don't know how realistic the Animal Control guy is by not asking for proof that the dogs are Sherly's, but we're taking creative license here for the sake of our plot~
“Oh, I can’t wait to tell Sherlock about you,” Irene mused, smiling to herself. She’ll have to keep an eye out for him, though - Sherlock could be a bit too fervent about his research of anything interesting.
John turned the tap off, the last stream of water disappearing down the drain. He wiped his hands dry, patting Sherlock’s waist as he moved around him to hang up the rag. They worked in synchronicity, establishing a mutual rhythm they both understood automatically. Speak of domesticity. John glanced at Greg seated at the dining table.
“Sleep. I don’t care if you had coffee, you’ll sleep. You’re barely standing.
“Do you remember the first time we sneaked out here?” Sherlock asked, corners of his mouth tilting up as John heaved a sigh. He stopped near a mouldy, wet wall. John murmured
Well, he had to fish in his memory to find a spell for minimising items. His hands will be full with this mesmerising merfolk sitting next to him. Speaking of which, their little exercise drained Sherlock beyond expectations, and he dozed off leaning on John’s bicep.
“Is there an angel who has pink wings?” Irene asked, unscrewing the cap and telling Cas to rest his hand on a pillow she put on her knee.
Later that day after John’s Mum left for another nightshift at the hospital, John finally got the chance to show his friends some
“But?” Sherlock prompted carefully.
resonated through the rooms. Somewhere in the museum, John or Irene told an anecdote and the tourists laughed out loud. Sherlock put the concoction of a tea together. The syrup added a nice tang to lemonades in general, but Sherlock didn’t dare taste it himself. Sam took a seat at the table and checked his phone as Sherlock poured the mysterious liquid in a jug and put it in the fridge next to Mrs Hudson’s leftover lemonade from two days ago. It was a miracle how it wasn’t all drunk in a day. Sherlock made a mental note not to switch them up: the jugs were both similar in shape and colour, almost identical save for their contents.
to put the money in the piggy. Their loss.
“Bye, Miss Adler!” Will waved, but Irene scoffed at his person.
“She’s having a sugar rush,” Sherlock explained, mentally slapping himself for not warning them. But who could have foreseen this? Malls are dangerous and full of unexpected challenges. He told that to John, but did he take him seriously? No! “She’s never had slurpees before this summer. She had an incident in July when we went to an abandoned theatre building and made friends with ghoul Freddie Mercury. She was hallucinating biblical nonsense and then proceeded to be sick and confined to the bathroom for hours.”
“Fine, I’ll go,” John huffed, blinking his eyes open by force. “Hold on, how did you even get here?”
Published: 20.7.2020
Now enough blabber and back to hot summer holidays!
“It does!
With every claim about her upcoming date, she pushed Sherlock backwards until he hit the closet door.
Word count: 5304
If Gloria’s neck wasn’t just a projection of ectoplasm, it would’ve snapped with the speed she turned to glare at Sherlock. Her sorrowful expression smoothed into that of fury. Sherlock acted quick, taking his chance - and showed her the ring.
“No -- you need a therapist and a bath in holy water.”
Greg and John sat together. Carl and Jim entered ten minutes later, deserving a mild scolding from Professor Flitwick who taught them, and then the class resumed normally. They took out their books (with enchanted moving pictures!) and Professor Flitwick began explaining the basics of the Levitation Charm. They even got to try it out on their quills, but many had problems with the pronunciation at first. John was able to lift the quill on his fourth try or so, and it made him feel very accomplished. Greg succeeded too, though it took a bit longer in his case. Charms overall were a breeze, especially compared to Transfiguration.
special thanks to bee, dee, and my pillow
“The one with marshmallows?” Sherlock asked hopefully, prying his eyes from John’s lips, but failing miserably when a laugh curved them upwards again.
“So? Even if he did change his major, he’d still be in Toronto,” Irene argued, arching an eyebrow. “I’d say it’s a win-win either way.”
"I tell the truth, that should be nice enough."
Annoying. He hoped they didn’t need to buy that much themselves, otherwise he’ll leave half of it at the doorstep of the mall. They could exploit Mycroft’s minions for this, but
“Yep,” Greg said, rubbing his hands together in an evil fashion. “But! Since the storm raged on all night and it’s still raining cats and dogs, I doubt they are holding it.”
make you regret your height. And yours too, Greg. Those puns are unforgivable.”
Sup!! I'm back with chapter 2 of Agra, where Mary shows off her skills, moves, and hints!
Jake yawned and snuggled closer. “Understandable. I haven’t heard any more incriminating stuff, she delved into her work, but as she was at her table, I was stranded on the rooftop until she left her room. I debated whether I should sneak a look at the journal, but I thought it was too risky so I just left. However, Mary always leaves the journal at home. Maybe next time she has a show I can get inside her room and snoop around?”
“Not much. They were a failed attempt of God’s to inhabit the oceans, but it didn’t work out.”
“Such a flatterer.”
“And I….”
avoid the sun, genius,” Irene said, irritated. She walked up to Sherlock, never breaking eye contact, her lips pursed in a thin, annoyed line. “Now listen to me, you dork. Normandy and I are going on a
Cage didn’t cry out, because he wasn’t human and possessed no nervous system. Instead, he saw it as victory, no matter that he had to use his arms to crawl around, and an angry vengeful Alex Hirsch beating him with a piece of elongated wood.
Dean frowned. “What?” He grew accustomed to the angel acting weird -- even compared to the other angels -- but having those sky blue eyes impaling him anew was… refreshing, in all honesty. Until six months ago Dean had almost no hope left.
right. In the end, his step-sister, intelligent, sharp, quick-witted, if a pain in the arse on occasion. And she was right when she said that dating in Toronto would actually be quite handy. Maybe he should allow more spontaneity in his life. He tried to resist this drag and pull, and failed. He couldn’t shield himself forever. But it will require small steps.
“I wasn’t in… your…” Cas’ confusion grew as he raised his hand in which he was holding Dean’s wallet. Jesus, he could be a pickpocketer. Dean snatched it from him, trying not to blush, but the ice cream guy waved him off.
“That’s a long story,” Kate said, smiling shyly. She clasped Irene on the shoulder. “So that’s where you came from? Jake lives under the house? Does Greg know?”
The boys finally be movin' their asses, ha
“I mean, if Sherlock doesn’t mind,” John shrugged, turning to the curly haired boy.
Cas is slowly being domesticated by our trio and Kate, you'll see
Next update is draco/harry timeline in '94 on the 6th. Hopefully a longer chapter too.
John took a deep breath, held it, and released it haggardly. If it will make her satisfied and she doesn’t try to push the wrong buttons, it is perhaps alright. “Okay,” he said and Mary beamed.
“Yeah, but not everyone likes that, you know?” Greg said softly, patting him on the back. Sherlock could put up layers of facade, but he saw right through it. The words cut deeper than he let on. And from what Millie had told him prior to his coming to Reichenbach Falls, it sometimes got nasty. “Anyway, I’m putting up a rule: don’t deduce people’s sexual preferences. Not on this property, at least. Alright? I sure as hell don’t want to know what this town’s people like to do in their beds.”
“Perhaps, but he has another dirty job to take care of for me. No, you’ll work with three other novices on your level. My people in the research department have recently accumulated data of increased paranormal activity around the infamous Mystery Shack’s property. It would be very convenient if you four managed to convince its owner, Gregory Lestrade, to sell it to the Club.”
“These look fluffy,” he said, as though it explained his interrogative looks. Cas outstretched his arm to pet the artificial furs whilst Sherlock observed a shelf opposite where dogs of different breeds begged him to buy them with their googly eyes. John crouched next to Cas.
