“Are you sure? Fury was supposed to get that shelf fixed two weeks ago, it’s not very stable.” The stubborn brunette ignored him and as he reached for her hips, muttering: “Toni, let me.” The shaky shelf decided to crumble.
All Steve heard was the beautiful laugh of his best friend as he drained out the sounds of Clint’s screams and Bucky’s thundering footsteps as the blond threw his last paper airplane and Bucky took off after him.
“He definitely wasn’t expecting me,” Toni laughed through her tears, smiling as Sarah pulled back from their embrace, taking the brunette’s face in her hands.
“Don’t you
“I just want her ‘ta be comfortable.”
“Hey, hey,” Steve whispered, bringing the brunette's attention back to his face. He smiled as he took in her lust-blown pupils and listened to the heavy, uneven breaths that left her mouth.
“Yeah, of course, I would. It’s still me, and I know I do a damn good job of pleasuring my woman.” The blush grew deeper across the genius’s face as Steve threw her a wink.
But just before he could claim her lips as his own, he was pulled away by the back of his jacket by none other than his father and Pepper Potts.
“I don’t have any of my things.” Toni realized as she stood up, checking her pockets. “Oh my gosh,
“You can ignore these man-children. What’s your question, sweetheart?” Toni asked, making the blonde’s blush grow even wider.
“Go, stop him,” Toni muttered from Bucky’s chest.
“Well, things change,” Natasha shrugged.
“I believe you have to have lived in the 1930s to understand that one, Mr. Barton,” Jarvis informed the archer with a smirk on his face.
“She is a celebrity,” the host muttered with a chuckle on his lips.
“No, no. Nathaniel couldn’t snag a doll like this, even if he tried. Plus he’s only fourteen, Werner. He’s not looking to settle down anytime soon.”
Steve ran his teeth down the base of her neck, smiling against her skin as he felt her fingers tangle in his blond locks.
When the team landed in Central Park, they didn’t see any dragons like JARVIS had reported, in fact they didn’t see anything of the sort, just an empty park.
“Nope, but thanks, reindeer games. The last gift we received from an Asgardian turned me into a five-year-old. I’m done with gifts with any type of magic,” Toni shivered. “I hate that stuff.”
“We should do that more often.” Natasha sighed, leaning her back against the cool steel of the elevator walls, sounding more relaxed than Toni had ever heard her.
Toni softly smiled, wiping the tear tracks off her face.
“Nope,” popping the p, Clint rolled his eyes once more, this time with a fond smile on his lips. “It’s disgusting.”
Toni stared down at the man, bringing her bruised wrist to cradle it against her chest. She didn’t even notice Bucky and Steve had made their way over to her. In shock at what they witnessed. She ignored it, standing wide-eyed over the unconscious man who’d just touched her.
“Hello handsome, we are talking about a guy’s night.”
“You can say that again.” Toni muttered, flashing Sarah a soft smile.
“You’re
“How did this happen?” Toni asked, placing her hands on her hips. When she left for the office this morning, her team was adult-sized. Now here she is eight hours later and they’re seventeen fucking years old.
“The look on his face was something I'll never forget.” Toni smiled, laying her hands on the smaller man’s chest.
She had just gotten so comfortable and let her guard down.
the idea of Tony actually being there when Loki arrived. Of Tony ending up in the same position as Clint - or worse. To be honest, Steve hated the idea of Tony working for SHIELD at all… Increasingly, as his feelings towards Nick Fury continued to sour.
It was a
And Steve managed a shuddering breath, a little slower,
he was. How sure he’d been that Steve didn’t care about him, that there was simply no way they could ever move past what had happened in Siberia, that they would never even be friends again…
body-
. They wouldn’t give anyone the opportunity to stop them, or corrupt their plan. He’d never find himself looking at Zan, or someone she’d left behind, and having to tell them,
...Watching Bucky try to kill him
that came to mind, all the hopes and fears and bashful excitement… As though he was still some scrawny kid in Brooklyn, waking up next to his crush.
“Oh God Steve…” Tony whispered, as he let his weight fall forward into Steve’s chest.
sorry for that,” he met Tony’s eye and waited for Tony to smile a little acknowledgement. “And I know it’d be hard for your to change your life now, and I know there’s not an easy life for you to change it to – I think you think I don’t get that, but I do. I just… I always thought there were better ways for you to live. It’s not like I haven’t been saying this.”
He knew that the gauntlet part of it fit him. He knew that part of it
A hundred scenarios had flashed up in his mind when he recognised the sombre tone that Steve was using - that Steve might be about to break up with him, that Steve was going to say he was leaving, that Steve was going to say he was dying…
bake?” Steve smiled. And Tony dropped his eyes.
It was the sympathy in it. Something so different to the voice that Tony usually used around him – so much so that it almost didn’t sound like him.
Tony had no idea how he knew it, or why he didn’t panic of over the strangeness of it, or how he could possibly be so reassured, so quickly…
“Something else did what?” Tony asked, as he walked around the examination table to face him, “What happened? Are you-”
How much Steve would like the artistic touches in this room…
. It made him feel dirty and guilty just to think of it. He couldn’t do it to Steve.
Honestly, I'm quite emotional.
Why he hadn’t thought about this before.
Tony felt his brow pinch in concern.
know, that’s the thing,” Rhodey corrected, gently. “And that’s what’s bothering you right now – it’s that scary, painful feeling when you realise you don’t know. Having to think about your life… maybe even changing it. I’m not saying that’s
sorry for any of it…” He saw the blush deepen across Steve’s cheeks, and felt an immediate pang of affection. “But it wasn’t even that, really.
Everything about that image was familiar, from the little boys home-knitted cardigan, to the bulky hooded pram that the young woman was pushing… Even the tone of her voice as she yelled after him,
up until this point… Like it might be a whole other thing, that should have a completely different word.
He was far too busy daydreaming about Steve, and remembering the day they’d just spent together, and happily musing about what it all meant…
Or he’d think back being swept up in Steve’s arms, Steve whispering that everything was okay, that Tony wasn’t a monster – that he knew Tony had a soul. Tony would feel that sense of assurance and validation all over again… and then feel it stretch even further, melting ever deeper into all his anxieties, as he remembered everything that had happened since…
let that second issue colour the first. He had allowed his hurt to bleed into his anger. He had convinced himself that Steve’s crimes were proportionate to the pain they’d caused him, that Steve’s penance should be in some way comparable to Tony’s heartbreak – which meant he’d always felt Steve was due more punishment that someone he didn’t care about… simply
“So... where is he now?” Tony asked.
other thing…
… But not right now. Right now, Tony only felt it... a wordless sense that everything would be alright in the end.
“Who’re you?” Tony demanded. It was an obvious effort for the guy to answer him over the violent trembling of his chest.
“And you are?”
to take you home and take care of you, okay?”
“No, Tony, I… can’t believe I
He never imagined that he’d only care about
sure that Bucky hadn’t been to Siberia as recently as this…
So, in short, of no use to him.
didn’t remember thinking it, before he said it. It really did just… slip out.
the low heat that curled under his skin, this new interest he could feel stirring in real time…
… which, okay, is stupid, but I remember thinking it. Or, you know, I don’t
At the top was an intricate pattern of tiny little squares, which Tony somehow recognised as a language. There was something about the flow of it, the fluid way the ink trailed from left to right even though the symbols themselves were so rigid… this was a train of thought, it was the alien version of notes in the margin. And then, just beneath that, in very square, almost childish handwriting, was written a single word: FOCUS.
a lot of complicated issues to be dealt with. A few awkward conversations to have, a couple of important topics still to discuss. This was the first step on a new journey, a relationship that would no doubt have its ups and downs and its own unique challenges… All of that was objectively, undeniably true.
And even though Steve was choosing to leave forever, even though he never expected to see this world again… Still, it was so very sad.
And almost immediately that sickness faded… more like Tony had simply forgotten it for a moment than because it had eased. But still, the relief was helpful. The pause on his darker thoughts. A reminder that there was only so bad things could really be, wherever this train of thought led him-
“Do you know what’s on these?” Tony enquired, gathering the USB pens into his hand.
reaction to something Tony had done…
And then there was the very surreal experience of hearing Tony’s voice in his head and out loud at the same time.
It was so strange a feeling that, for a moment, he panicked that he was having a stroke. His head felt clearer, his body felt lighter… everything looked a little brighter, and crisper, but for once it didn’t hurt his eyes to focus. When he realised these were actually just the effects of a good night’s sleep, it was almost more unnerving.
“...No, there's also this horrible,
…Oh, suddenly everything felt so very different.
I shall spare you the details of all the tedious dramas of the last few weeks, and simply apologise for the delay in this chapter- And I am very, very sorry.
Steve, it’s okay, it’s…”
. He’d taken note of all grades of Facility employee since they arrived – including brief glimpses of the cleaning staff, who were all apparently trained as ninjas. But still, he
The thought of owning something like this, the simple idea that he wasn’t excluded from things like this-
, more basically… he was just more aware of her in the moment, more aware of the individual parts of her, as all his broad social understanding faded into the background.
As he led Steve back towards the car, Tony tried to get his various observations in order… But already, that focus was slipping-
And Tony loved Steve, for having a different line.
“Why do you call this place New Eden, if you know it’s called Anni Vara?”
his hands pressed firmer into the bend of Steve’s waist,
, that’s the thing you were trying to do with models. Some of the time, the computer is a faster, more accurate way to tell you what you were using models to guess. But, a lot of the time, a model will tell you something a computer isn’t even looking for…”
tour the first night?” And he traced a finger over it, to demonstrate. “Well, just off to the left here… past the, uh,
“When did this start?”
And he realised what Tony had just worked out, and his heart just froze
But it didn’t seem quite that objectionable an idea, right now.
“Good plan. Do that.” Tony nodded, and then turned away and sat cross legged on the floor, his attention pointedly focused on the file reader in his lap. He carried on setting up his equipment, right up until he heard Steve turn the shower on. Then he let himself fall back, sprawling on the carpet. He covered his face with both of his hands and groaned, softly.
fun in your head.” Tony carried on explaining. “People who daydream about walking into their office and shooting the place up – most of them wouldn’t even want to act it out, they wouldn’t even like the play pretend, in the moment. It’s
to get it all mixed up with, with us and… But I really thought that Bucky was about to be arrested by a corrupt system and… It just seemed to matter, at the time…”
In the middle of battle, when he could throw Bucky the briefest glance and know for sure that he’d understood exactly what it meant.
The mirth in his tone warmed into a different sort of happiness, as he told Steve,
And then, gradually, everything slowed…
And, okay, that probably
“Said as someone who hasn’t drunk from the reasonable water yet” Adam commented casually,
, here. So. It might happen again.” And then Tony swallowed, and closed his eyes, and added “It might not…stop…there, next time.”
, even before he knew what Steve’s blood tasted like…
“Woah, you’re okay,” Steve murmured to himself, as he braced to take Gary’s dead weight into his chest. There was a sharp spike of adrenaline as Steve shifted fully into battle mode, swiftly pulling Gary’s unconscious body to the very back of the storage unit, and the hiding place he’d carefully prepared. He was as gentle as he could be as he tucked Gary out of sight.
“And I know someone is going to have to go there at
He was sort of upset that he’d broken one of the jars, simply because Steve had liked them. Because they were one of the things Steve had noticed, the night of their date… Part of one of the very few pleasant memories that Tony had.
“No, that’s exactly it,” Tony smiled. A different smile… deeper, somehow. “And I know, actually, that’s about me spending the last twenty years in this house, not… anything else. Well, except for that being a vampire is
And that Tony was still listening to him…
Tony gave a delighted little yelp of surprise, which was quickly swallowed by a shallow gasp as he surrendered to what Steve was doing. When he broke away, Steve could feel Tony’s heart beating in his ribs…
Immediately, Tony’s jaw clenched with a particular sort of indignation. He let go of a slow breath through his nose as he began the walk into his suite, trying to let go of the tension in the same way he relinquished his suit to the flank of bots.
they were looking at him, awed and interested and animated, like they were seeing some rare, exotic creature for the very first time…
“Is it… Just the super soldier thing?” He asked. “Is that why you don’t want to go to Siberia?”
Except this time, he
remember doing that, but it had all happened to fast and in such unreal clarity, it didn’t feel as though it had happened at all.
“I think staying here is safer.” Captain America reworded it for him.
“Ever the opportunist” Steve grinned, as he shuffled back over Tony – forcing him to break his grip before he’d finished stripping him. But then Steve kissed him, rough and hard and desperate now, and Tony forgot all about his previous task. He put all his focus into kissing Steve back, arching his hips up into that promise of friction, just wanting more of him.
His hand was already reaching into his pocket, acting on the obvious impulse to call Steve before he did anything else…
All the air left Steve’s body in one not-unpleasant rush.
“Like what?” Rhodey asked.
That Tony had a
Back then, he was still packaging up all of his trauma and trying to maintain his rigid ideology and ignoring a lot of what he really felt.
Tony let go of a heavy breath.
“I think your rice is ready,” Tony muttered. Steve snapped to look at it – he’d completely forgotten he was cooking for a moment there, and it was total fluke that nothing had caught fire. Thankfully it looked as though he’d been reminded at the right moment, and Steve could pretend to be cool about taking it off the heat, and subtly testing the gently bubbling sauce…
you to say anything. Well, unless you were already very tempted to say it, and only held back by fear, I suppose…”
…Whether he hated himself for throwing cold water on this moment, or for falling for it in the first place.
have been thinking… Now, Steve looked at him and he felt like he
“Yes,” he admitted.
But, God, he was so happy-
...So maybe he didn’t
the smile in his voice. He could
from it…”
But then, there were also times that he was very glad that he could be in someone else's company. Times when he wanted to avoid the quiet, or wanted someone to share it with. Times when he just liked to know that there was someone else in the house - even though, so far, Steve and Tony had made sure that one of them was always home.
“Yeah, he does say tweet. Do you say tweet?”
Sorry it's been a bit between updates! The next chapter is up & ready to go - you can expect that one to go up in 2 weeks. I think there'll probably be just a few more after this :) I hope you're enjoying so far!
Next chapter... Steve has to square off with his least favorite thing in the world: feelings. Tony is less than helpful. Bucky has Opinions.
“No!” Nat said, grinning now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t be such a jerk, Buck, you’re finally getting along -”
“Auntie Tasha says I can learn ju-ju-so with her whenever I want,” she informed Steve.
Tony didn’t look up from where he was tucking the blankets around the toddler. “Mm?”
Her words lingered with Steve long after she’d left the base. He knew that the Natasha he’d loved was one of the strongest people he knew, but because she’d had to be. She’d been forged in hell and pain and danger and had come out strong as hell. He’d grown up getting beaten nearly to death by his own father, and it had made him strong too. He didn’t want his carrot top to
Tony chuckled, hugging Steve from behind and touching kisses to his shoulders. “She’s always been a little monster.”
before continuing. Bucky came to sit silently beside Steve, handing him a tablet with several files pulled up.
God, how was he ever supposed to get mad at him? “Hugs first,” he agreed softly, pulling him into his arms. “I love you, little guy.” Steve snuggled with him until Ian’s body started to go limp with sleep. Steve kissed him goodnight and tucked him in, hoping that he’d be more inclined to stay in bed tonight.
Steve nodded. “She’s tough, though.” He was quiet for another moment. “I’m really worried I’m messing this up. I don’t wanna make anything worse for her, and I just...I’m a fish out of water here. I never even babysat before this.”
“How’s it going? Been a while.”
“Sorry, I had this all planned, I’m just excited.” Tony’s slightly-manic smile sparkled with delight and a touch of mischief, but softened as he took Steve’s hands in his. “Okay. Little over two years ago, around Christmas, you and I came down here. I messily told you I loved you, it took you six hours to process it-”
“Daddy,” she said. “I got scared.”
Steve smiled just a little when he left, and split off to put Ian to bed.
“Niet,” she rasped.
“It’s been a rough few days, Barnes,” Tony said. His hand in Steve’s was a constant, steady presence, and Steve didn’t miss how he stayed within reach, how even when he moved his hand away to set Ian down by his toys, he stayed close by Steve’s side.
Tony scuffed his foot on the ground. “I’ll go break the good news. I bet she’s already got
“Dear.” He sighed. “Steve. Please, just come to bed.”
“See me,” Nat confirmed. She poked at the screen with a chubby finger. “And that’s baby bruver Ian ‘cept he didn’t talk yet. And that’s Papa. And Daddy. We got Ian from the hospital,” she informed her elder self. “And now he talks.”
“How about you ask nice?” Steve suggested. “‘Uncle Clint, may I have a cookie please?’” Steve nudged her a little, trying to goad her into being at least a little less hostile.
“I figured,” Clint said slowly, “the best way to explain was to show her. I hope you don’t mind, I borrowed your home video collection.”
“Or Uncle Sam. And Uncle Bucky and Aunt Laura,” Nat added. “You forgotted some.”
” he murmured, cradling her as he carried her back to her bedroom. “Deep breaths, babygirl, you’re okay.”
“Waffle,” Nat croaked.
She scratched down something onto a sheet of paper. “Is there anything else you’d like to add?”
Tasha blinked in surprise. “What? Why would you-?”
.” Steve smiled a little, carding his fingers through her hair to undo the tangles. “You’re good and safe in here.”
“But she
Clint’s whole expression brightened. “He’s amazing. He’s actually not much younger than Nat. Maybe they’d get along. He’s a funny little guy, makes the best expressions. He keeps the older kids laughing. His favorite thing right now is saying ‘uh oh’ anytime me or Laura cuss. It’s hilarious. Reminds me to watch my mouth around him.”
thanks for everybody who's stuck with this fic despite the long break in updates! all of your reviews inspired me to keep writing :)
Steve shook his head. “No, Tony, that isn’t -” He stopped, restarting again after a second. “That’s technically true, but we didn’t know until weeks ago. I found him when we found the other girls. He was - just this tiny little thing, half dead.”
It even calmed that
Tony felt himself sit up, his stomach tightening instinctively.
She raised her eyebrows again, a certain affection in her scepticism… and then she just smiled again.
Standing by this bed.
...It had never been as
When he thought of the Avengers, he still thought of an especially courageous little Shawarma restaurant in New York, in 2012. He remembered there being an
Steve panicked that he would be able to feel this much, that he wouldn’t be able to speak over the top of it, that he’d never be able to put this into words-
think about Tony.
Well, how about that. He and Tony had an in joke.
And then, when he had done everything he could think of to trick his body into a distress response, it was time to focus his thoughts. To intentionally commit to any idea that would make his heart race.
– he’d made that perfectly clear from day one. And Steve could only be in awe of Tony from a distance, because if Tony had known some of the ways in which Steve admired him, then life in The Tower would’ve become just too complicated for Steve to cope with. Steve could never let on that there were things he
know that this is going to be a long term thing, and that there’s a lot of stuff I’ll have to do tomorrow… and the next day, and the next day…” Tony explained, almost talking to himself. “But… I don’t know…
Steve felt Tony turn to look at him.
Steve gritted his teeth so hard he could feel it in his skull.
Why? Tony was angry that Steve lied to him – as a friend
Steve felt his body soften. Like he’d just stumbled on a magic little fragment of time that stood sperate from everything else.
thinking that Steve loved him. That he’d been in love with him, all that time…
As that heady afterglow began to wear off, and Steve’s senses started to come back to him, he became more aware of the giddy elation he’d simply been floating on for however long. What had been a passive thing started to feel more active, a physical thrill of freedom, an awareness of the moment as a wonderful, exciting thing.
“And, actually, those treatment sessions were how we worked out that we could do
Every tragedy Steve had ever endured had come bearing down on him as one solid weight of sadness.
“...I don’t know what that means,” Tony admitted, his voice trembling. Because he literally didn’t know what being in love with an immortal looked like, or what changes he should be frightened of first, or which vague, shadowy feelings this might yet explain…
was so confusing and complicated-
desperately want to get out of this…
“I don’t know what any of this is,” he confessed, turning away again. “I know it’s… something. I know it’s weird. But I don’t know
to accept them, they’d just hit him, he was just-
That one idea started to grow into the beginnings of a theory - and Tony grabbed for it with all the desperation of a drowning man.
. You’ve been through some shit. And dealing with that’s going to take time.”
That it wasn’t only that he couldn’t find Tony – he couldn’t move his arms at all.
PLEASE BE AWARE that there is an element of the unreliable narrator, especially with regards to the final scene. What really happened there, and what it really means, will all be explored later on I promise!
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Tony answered, his voice unnaturally light… Steve felt an immediate pang of alarm.
happens to your planet – but what if it’s
. It was far too big an idea to just get started on like that, especially considering the mood he was in.
Why not?
Steve closed his eyes, and tried to make himself think what the mission was…
… Why I felt it so soon after I met you,” Steve stumbled on, not sure if he was struggling to force these words out or to hold them in. “I
This time it started slowly, just another ripple of chuckling, just because Tony was giggling… Until Steve found himself softening into the rhythm of it…
“Why are we just saying things?” Steve demanded, purely for fear of what he might say instead. “Being tired and lightheaded from the trip, fine, but this isn’t… that. This isn’t normal. This isn’t even how I talk. Jesus, why can’t I stop talking?” He caught the nervous glance that the Rousseaus threw in Scaramouche’s direction. “What?”
Oh, Jesus –
“And that’s how people used to react to you, and you know what to say to how people
“Y-y-yes, they s-said he’d be there, but they didn’t-they didn’t tell me where ‘there’ was, yet.” Wesley stuttered.
, as though they rebuilt this entire place every day, from only the most exquisite materials and using only the finest craftsmen. The marble counter-top of the reception desk shone so flawlessly, it made Tony’s fingers itch to mark it, the way he always wanted to jump into untouched snow.
deciding to keep him in the dark…
“You have to let people help you.”
“I have
Tony’s gut twisted, his face flushed with an urge to cry that he simply wasn’t strong enough to see through-
to hear Steve say that…
The sensation was too much and not enough, all at once -
overwhelming and all consuming like this-
He was starting to feel a bit lightheaded…
He saw Steve swallow, and take a breath, and try to speak-
and they
that way… If he pictured himself in some isolated village in the Middle Ages, trying to convince a nervous virgin that their fears were ridiculous…
“I have lots of pools,” Tony replied, casually. “I have this pool.”
He looked at them, expectantly.
treat you differently to everyone else - but maybe that’s actually because-”
Even the simple act of
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve assured him, taking a step forward-
He was vaguely aware of Tony breathing a good natured laugh, as he lowered Steve down onto the sheets. He felt Tony pull out of him, and the cool feeling of the air against his thighs. And then… he might’ve lost a second or two, there… before he slowly became aware that the duvet was sticking to his stomach, and his tongue was sticking to the roof of his mouth. That his hair was uncomfortably hot and damp, and his hands were shaking, and face was wet with tears-
And so it went on.
waiting for a burger,” Thor corrected, throwing an exaggerated glance in Clint's direction.
A swell of affection rose up in Steve’s chest. He loved the way Tony’s mind worked, the constant search to know and learn and understand. Steve loved the way he found the interesting stories and the unique ideas and the potential of a challenge in everything he did...
that it wouldn’t get thrown back in his face.
take everything back, Steve couldn’t bare the idea that his outburst had played into
He heard Steve snort a laugh, and looked up in time to see him trying to swallow it back down.
Tony... in ceremonial clothing…
That last observation came out of nowhere. Another thought he’d pulled up, to drown out the memory of himself monologuing about a guy named Jimmy. An argument that melted into the images he was running from, in the most horrible way.
that aching longing, watching Tony walk, or the frustration of only being able to steal glances, or the sadness of what he could never have-
“Did you just
, that wasn’t real.
head – that it was only his own heartbreak he had to worry about. And that had always felt like a cold, crushing sadness. A constant, dull ache that he’d simply tried to ignore…
“Hm?”
“Thank you,” Tony told her sincerely, still smiling.
And then, as Steve was fighting an urge to cuddle him… It was like everything came into focus. All the different elements came together in one image, and Steve realised what he was looking at-
And he’d taken a moment to giggle at the strangeness of that-
And then Tony put a hand against his chest, tender but firm - and Steve stilled.
Even that seemed a bit… close, now.
His lips full and soft and almost pouting, parted slightly-
, now.
“No idea,” Tony answered.
“Okay.” Rhodey answered, glancing at the others to confirm before he added, “We’ll be ready.”
But the guy was already looking down at his phone, distracted by the more important details of Captain America’s return. He didn’t bother to look back at Steve as the rest of his team emerged from the refrigerator and closed the door behind them. Then, without another word to him, they all headed towards the secure doors at the left-hand wall of the room-
And now, just like that, they weren’t anymore.
And Steve being so easy to read made it so much…
to end yet.
it had laid some sort of subconscious bias. Steve might even have thought he was being considerate, at the time. Reminding himself that he had no idea what Tony’s story was, that he had no right to judge him, that obviously it didn’t matter
But then he heard it.
Although, not much of one, Tony realised with a sigh. Not if he still couldn’t know what he was even supposed to be protecting Steve
while before he could really heal from all the things he’d been through-
should be a simple question, but it really wasn’t. I swear, at the time – I didn’t
shady underground types this place caters to, you know. Their real clientele is just ‘rich assholes’ – including some of the people you used to socialise with, as a matter of fact…” He raised an eyebrow at Tony, who visibly resisted the urge to wilt under it.
going to be okay…
people, who just know that they’re going to be held responsible for the
, just a day earlier.
, he was beautiful.
The Facility been here?” Tony filtered into Steve’s line of questioning.
All the times he’d woken up in a cold sweat, with the words
The view outside began to make some sort of sense. Tony recognised the deep azure blue of the sky, the sepia tint to the sunshine that made him think of late afternoon in the summer. He started to identify the telltale details of his surroundings; the outline of metropolitan architecture, the familiar flow of urban traffic, the unmistakable bustle of a busy city…
Tony could feel it pushing up under his skin – like Steve was literally fucking this pleasure into him, all these sensations building inside him, already beyond what should have been a breaking point-
“So, are you working on that now?” Steve carried on, before Tony could say anything. The slightest hint of intention at the end there…
“You feel like sharing that with anyone else?” Steve sighed, testily.
But even though he remembered thinking those things, and he could even work out when he would have said them… he found it hard to understand it now. These were his own past thoughts, and yet suddenly he couldn’t empathise with them.
“What happened?” The woman gasped – clearly a little tipsy herself.
It was a simple fact of his existence now.
want to-
from Rousseau.
There was a strange, almost spiritual
avoid a conflict-
Tony looked at the drink that he’d just poured for himself and wondered whether he really wanted it.
And Steve had assured himself that if, in spite of all this analysis, he found himself disliking Stark again, he would ignore it. He would act as if that impulse wasn’t there, because it shouldn’t be.
… It would be nice, to let himself slip into this now. It was so much more exhausting to stay focused, so much
He set his shoulders more purposefully, his grip tightening on the gun.
earlier” Tony went on, a dusky blush deepening over his cheeks
“...Why would it have anything to do with…?” Nick asked, that tremble already returning to his voice. Steve couldn’t help noticing that Nick was now afraid to even say Tony’s name.
And she managed to pause, in the middle of her stream of consciousness, to look at each of them in turn – like some part of her
Steve
It didn’t hurt.
“Steve?” He manages at last. And Steve smiles -
“Focus” Steve answered, still frowning at it. And then, by way of explanation, he handed Tony the paper.
He’d been in
If he hadn’t been so completely lost in his own arousal, he probably would’ve paused to worry about that... As it was, he
about that outburst. He’d been so consumed with all the things that outburst had been a cover for, he’d not had concentration left to wonder if there had been any truth in it, or how he would begin to explain it, or apologise for it…
Which, of course, touched a nerve right back.
is a Hydra phrase,” Bucky informed him. “And it’s not something they wrote in their
He would have, if he hadn’t been watching Steve bravely fight all his own needs - if Tony hadn’t been so keenly aware of everything Steve wanted, everything he was feeling…
And his mouth was watering, and his skin was burning, and his cock was throbbing painfully now
Steve crossed his arms over his stomach, slumping his shoulders as he dropped his eyes - still wishing he could just curl up in a ball…
have told Tony, just because they were friends... And that was before he started feeling like maybe Tony had a right to know - that maybe this was affecting Tony too.
So, maybe inside wasn’t any safer than out here.
Steve didn’t notice himself take the turn into those deeper ideas -
And somewhere in the middle of that task his thoughts had slowed just enough for him to hear them – enough that he could get completely distracted by them, no longer aware of
have any baring on that… It had just helped him work it out, that was all.
Which was off putting.
Tony considered him for a moment, while he lined up all his data. He could tell that Wesley was both unnerved and offended that Tony had looked into his past - and clearly too much of the former to fully express the latter…
And watched the fear rise slowly in Tony’s eyes…
to have an excuse to spend the night without her.
Well,
Oh, Steve wanted to run his palms over that flawless skin.
…Because he
well,” Tony announced, sounding entirely genuine. Steve felt his cheeks warm.
At least… Tony
Breaking the lock wasn’t easy – it took two full-force kicks to loosen the mechanism, and even then Steve had to put a lot of effort into pulling it apart. The whole time Tony was hovering there behind him, already in fight stance, subconsciously trying to shield Steve as much as he could.
,” Bucky threw a weak smile at the shorter woman. “Yep, I sure got lucky with this one right here.” Bucky crossed the distance between him and Toni, placing a lingering kiss on Toni's lips.
“Yes,
Just as she closed the bedroom door, they heard a slurring Steve yell: “Let me
“Let’s go!” Toni hollered at Clint as she grabbed her phone off the table and barreled her way out of the lab.
“Fuck off, Richards,” Clint muttered, crossing his arms over his chest.
The elevator doors opened, revealing the men of the team in the middle of a nerf battle. Couches and side tables were flipped over, and cushions being used as shields.
“I hate you both,” Steve mumbled and placed a kiss on
“I’d be lying if I said no… Like I love him and he’s the most beautiful human being on the planet.” The blond smiled as he watched a blush run across Toni’s cheeks while she answered Bucky’s question.
That, that was it. Steve couldn’t hold his tongue anymore.
“Yeah huh,” Bucky whined, a smile extending across his cheeks.
“It would be my pleasure..” He saluted the brunette, only for her to raise her hand to her forehead to salute him right back. Steve smiled at his goofy fianceé and thanked God that he got to spend the rest of their forever together.
” Steve sighed, letting Toni poke her head around his body to take in the appearance of the god.
“No, no he’s right. Steve does need guy time...” Toni told them. “You guys should plan a guy’s night out!” She flashed her teammates a smile, and placed the warm ceramic cup to her lips, taking another sip of the liquid gold that was coffee.
“She’s married, Sam! some stupid head proposhed to her, before I,
And with that he was gone, following Fury, stoically down the hallway.
“I’m alright, I’m safe. You kept me safe, Steve,” she whispered as he rested his head against her chest. Toni wrapped her arms around his back, holding the smaller man up. It was much easier to do when he was ninety pounds versus two-hundred and forty pounds.
“Seems so..” Toni smiled, taking another sip from Steve’s beer.
“I can’t tell you that,” Steve waved his hand in the air. “The whole-time travel thing.”
“Ignore him.”
Steve rolled off Toni, as the laughter left his lips louder than before. “You said your last name was
The older man howled with laughter, all the way down the hall to his apartment.
“Anytime, James.” And with that Toni knelt down beside her super soldier and placed a kiss on his cheek.
Does Sam actually drop Bucky off the roof of the tower - once, it happened once?
“What’s it look like up there, J?”
You love me?”
Toni smiled at the irony of the situation and nodded in agreement. “The feeling is mutual, big guy.”
“Sweetheart, you are family.” Sarah whispered, making her way over to her. She took Toni’s hands into her own.
“I’ll teach you Italian, you teach me Gaelic?”
“He treats her like a queen, and she treats him like a king. They’re a match made in heaven; it’s sickening really.”
“You really don’t.” Toni shook her head. “And looking back, from the moment we became friends... You were always focused on me, and my emotions, my troubles. I remember asking you about the past one night, even about your parents and you flipped the conversation back onto me, without me even noticing.” Steve pulled himself up, and out of the bed.
Sometimes, he still a little bit wanted to punch him. But not enough to keep him from curling up in Tony’s arms.
“No,” Steve said, turning to face him. He cupped Tony’s cheek. “I don’t really wanna see her get thrown either. But it’s something she really wants to do… and it’d be nice for her to spend more time with Tasha.”
Their bedroom was empty when he peeked inside, and he didn’t find Tony in the living room either. Steve finally thought to check his phone and saw a text from Tony that he was messing around in the lab, to come down.
He felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest. “Just that - that I’ll always do my best for him. I know I’m - not typical for a parent, but I love him more than anything. I swear I’ll always do what’s right by him.”
Nat leaned against Steve’s shoulder. “Can’t keep Daddy 'way.”
“You did. That happens, sometimes. It’s okay.” Steve smoothed her hair out of her face. “What scared you?”
“For the love of Christ, Tony, you don’t kill a
“Hey - hey, that doesn’t mean yes. It means we will think about it,” he said.
Pepper chuckled quietly before standing again. She kissed Tony’s cheek. “Stop being a spaz. I’ll get in touch with a few people about - I’ll call you later, I’ve got to go.” She smiled a blindingly white grin at Steve that made him highly suspicious he’d been being talked about. “Bye, Steve.”
“This is nice,” Tasha interrupted. “You guys. I thought it’d be weirder to see you two together, but it turns out there might actually be less sexual tension now.” Steve flushed pink, and she grinned. “You were saying-? The boy?”
Steve hugged her tight. “You’ve got me too, Tasha. I’ve missed you.”
“Mm, is that so? When will that be?” She adjusted her glasses. “I don’t ask for my personal curiosity. My reservations about granting custody to you are mostly about the risk that your very team and title surely must incur.”
Normally, Steve would try to be more patient with him, but Tony had been acting funky, and he was dead sure it had to do with Pepper’s lunch dates with Bucky - who was being an absolute asshole about it.
Tony grinned. “Yeah, I know.” He reached for Steve’s hand. “I wanted it for ambiance.”
“Nothing? Nothing, Tony? I am a hundred year old combat vet living in a special operations team base with no experience at all with kids. This is - I am - they’d be crazy to even listen to me.”
Dr. Aliyah came again to do them, and since Nat now associated her with candy, she was pretty excited to see her. She took the shots better than Steve thought she might, though it could have been because of how expertly the doctor misdirected her attention.
Still, no matter his thoughts on Tony’s holdups, they had to present a united front. Ian and Nat were far too diabolical to face outnumbered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you,” Steve said again, but it didn’t feel like enough to just say it.
Summoned by her name, the little girl came flying across the room, only stopping short when she caught sight of the stranger. Steve beckoned her closer. “C’mere, carrot top. I want you to meet somebody.”
“Wow, look at this. What’s this, Nat?”
Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck with this story!! I'm so glad you've enjoyed it. Your kudos & comments have meant the world to me.
Steve lifted an eyebrow. “Uh…”
“Mo cookie,” Nat insisted.
Tony waved a hand. “Sure, he’ll love it. He’s always pointing at the airplanes, it’ll be great.”
hi all! wow, what a pandemic we're having, on top of other things :{ yikes. hopefully you enjoy this chapter :)
“It looks like she’s made a lot of progress,” she said with a smile. “How are you feeling?”
“We found a lead.”
“Mmhm. And does Aunt Tasha make the rules?”
Steve nodded. “On one of the leaders of the program, as a kid. Yeah.” He glanced at the little boy, who Clint was now goading to finish his yogurt. “At the time, though, he was just a little guy who needed help.”
Steve felt a rush of relief, but then it was gone as Nat spoke.
Clint sipped at a now-cold mug of coffee. “Seems like you’ve got it handled,” he said mildly. “She’s a tough little bugger but she obviously loves you.”
“You look like hell,” Bucky said quietly.
Bucky smiled his most charming grin. Steve had seen it used more times than he could count. Its success rate was devastatingly high. The only time he’d seen it fail was when Bucky had foolishly attempted to use it on Peggy. “Any time you want, doll, I’m free.”
points ready.”
Things weren’t perfect. But they were all together, and they’d always handled things best that way.
Tony, however, did not like this idea at all. Steve wasn’t sure how much of that was a concern for ‘concussion city, Rogers’ like he claimed, or how much it just freaked him out to imagine their little girl in a sparring match.
“Robocop thinks there’s a chance,” Tony said slowly, “that...they’re trying to reboot the Black Widow program.”
Nat nodded, touching her right wrist.
(See the end of the chapter for
He blinked a few times, feeling his whole chest tighen like a giant fist had closed around it. “Oh. Uh. I don’t know. I think Nat wouldn’t handle that well.” Steve found his heart racing, searching for a good reason to turn down the way out he’d been telling himself he needed. “She- um. The doctor we took her to told me about the attachment issues Nat has, being away from her would be bad for her, wreck her trust issues back up again.”
“God, Nat’s already ruined there,” Steve griped. “Can’t count the number of times I’ve cussed a blue streak in front of her. Sometimes because of her. She’s gonna sound like a sailor before she’s in kindergarten.”
Steve ruffled her hair. “What do you say, Nat?”
Steve shrugged and rubbed at the back of his neck. “I still don’t really know what I’m doing, but...I don’t know. She’s learned a lot more words, she’s way better at communicating. And my one friend doesn’t scare her into screaming anymore. I can leave her with Sam, or with Tony and she’ll be okay for a few hours. They can’t really put her to bed, but that’s been okay so far. I don’t know. Some stuff still sends her...into a dark place.”
Tasha tilted her head in confusion, and Bucky lifted his hand from the other room, silvery palm up, fingers wiggling.
“Yeah, Daddy,” he chirped. His fingers stroked gently over Toy the elephant. Ian nuzzled his face against Steve’s shoulder. “Cuddle and hugs first?”
“No,” Tony interjected, “there’s evidence they tested the weapon before they used it and they say ‘desired results’ enough that it seems like they had to have known what it did, and maybe even tweaked it a little.”
Steve opened the curtain to see Tasha, leaning against the wall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“They put my hand on the bed an’ it hurted.”
Steve thought it was going to take him hours to find rest, but in truth, he was asleep before he could even thank Tony for staying.
Places, CallmeDelphine, 97x99x00, jenhiddles, Liltal12, GellyBelly13, Omlette87, amethystfox, Lokispeaks, Betinapple, arouraleona, TanakaYuuko, Trakn
“The playlists you made me were real helpful,” Steve said quietly. “Little Nat loves them.”
Steve was last to go, hands nervously squeezing the wooden bench as the judge turned to face him more fully.
“So just to be clear, Steve
As they stepped into the kitchen, Steve found that their numbers had grown. Clint had come home. Clint stared at Nat for a few long moments, one hand over his mouth.
“Steve, listen. I don’t know shit about having a good dad either. I remember as a kid just wishing that he’d spend time with me, that he’d show me he loved me, that I was worth something to him.” Tony rolled onto his side to meet Steve’s gaze in the dark room. “You love her and you want what’s best for her? I don’t know what more a kid could ask for.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nat,” Steve prompted, “say hi. Introduce yourself.”
“Ian was given a very rough start in life,” she said. “When I compare notes from his doctor at CHOP, and even the first few times I met with him, and look at the boy he is now, it’s like an entirely different child. He’s adapting very healthily, he’s gained social skills, psychological resilience, and he’s learned how to live with one hand. Removing him from his family would devastate the progress he’s made.”
Steve felt Tony practically vibrating beside him, surely full to the brim with things to say about security protocols. “Very soon, your Honor. Both of those things can imply risk...but they can both offset it as well. I can’t think of a more safe place to be than surrounded by my particular group of friends.”
Let me know what you think of the story so far!
“Yeah - an’ he said
“That’s a good answer. She loves ‘no’,” he told Clint. “
be mandatory protective gear, MMA is-”
“He did,” Steve said. Tasha bit her lip. She looked like she was trying not to break further.
. He had spent so long believing he would always be alone that there were nights he still woke up expecting the bed to be empty and cold. It was hard, sometimes, to really trust that this was his to keep forever. But as he lived in each day of the forever he’d fought for and fallen in love with, it got a little easier. He'd always been something of a wanderer, a man with a fight but nowhere to belong.  He'd spent nearly a whole lifetime frozen in ice, and woke up even more alone than before.
Tasha knelt in front of them. “They did that to me, too,” she told the little girl. “But I survived it. You did too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So they have research,” Steve said, sitting up a little straighter. “They might know how to reverse it.”
She shot Tasha distrustful look, worming her way into Steve’s lap.
“Cookie pwease,” she said, reaching further for it while still keeping a hand gripping onto Steve’s shirt. “Cookie
“Come here,
Tasha just stared, taking in the little girl who was both herself and not. “Hi,” she managed to say. “I’m… Natasha.”
“That’s never going to happen again,” he promised her, giving Tasha a confused look as he comforted the little girl. “You’re safe here. I promise.”
Not long behind her, Ian ran after her as quick as he could. “Hi Beeper!”
Steve smiled, and Tasha laughed wetly.
“Possibly,” Bucky agreed.
“I know you’re nervous about the hearing, but it’s like I keep telling you, there’s absolutely nothing to worry about.”
Steve and Sam made a show of gagging - but they were both glad to see the pair happy together. They were both sufficiently weird, paranoid, and wonderful to deserve each other. Sam had even once remarked, while rather drunk, that voluntarily going between Tasha’s killer thighs had to be as scary as it was hot, and only Bucky could be nuts enough to do it regularly.
“Captain, you’ve gotten glowing comments from everyone here,” she said. “I don’t want to downplay how much I take that into account but I do have some concerns. Would you classify yourself still as active in your role, ah… Avenging?”
Steve suppressed a groan, but Nat’s head perked right up. He didn’t love the idea of her starting her day with a load of sugar...but still. Clint had been her best friend. He wanted to know her, even the miniature version of her.
“I pulled you out of the river later. And you healed, you’re fine,” Bucky said, waving a hand.
“Okay, Ian,” he said, closing the last book. “We’re not gonna do any hallway wandering tonight. You’ve got your cozy bed, and you’ve got to get some good sleep if you’re gonna keep up with Nat tomorrow.”
Let's all give Tony a hand for being a grownup capable of processing emotions! Maybe Steve will learn from him (ha).
Sorry for how long it's been between updates! I got graduated, moved somewhere new, and started a new job :0 It's been a bit of a ride.
“No,” Tony said. “I would rather...stand here with you.”
Humming, Clint nodded. “Damn, yeah, didn’t think of that. Just let me know if it gets better and you think it’d be okay to send her out to the farm, we’ll always be okay to take her.”
Nat nodded from her perch in his lap. “Cold.”
“Well, I have a really nice deep conditioner I use every few days. I’m not an animal,” Bucky said, as he tied his hair back up. “Still good for lunch next week?”
“It’s cold when they cuff you to the bed,” a quiet voice said from outside.
She was quiet for a long time, then shrugged.
“We were really anxious for you to get home,” Steve said. “I wanted to pull you out of your mission right away when this happened.”
She nodded towards the table. “Who’s the little guy? De-aged you?”
How about me, getting on a regular posting schedule!
Nat blinked at him grumpily, turning her face against Steve’s chest. Steve grimaced sympathetically. “It takes a bit to get used to,” he agreed. “Nat, say hi.”
“Kitty,” she replied, taking the stuffed animal and glaring sideways at him.
Clint shook his head, and he scuffed his shoe along the floor. “I don’t think she’s ready for that yet.”
The hearing wasn’t as dramatic as Steve had imagined - maybe he had just watched too much TV. A judge read a brief review of Ian’s case, and then brought up the few witnesses that could testify on Ian’s condition and Steve’s fitness as a parent. Dr. Aliyah was first. Her testimony was confident and concise.
They did have a team briefing that night after Nat was asleep -- run by Tony and Friday in almost equal parts, with Sam interjecting his opinion as an uncle from time to time. Steve learned a few more things people did to baby-proof their lives (much of them wouldn’t work on Nat, who’d sharpened a binder clip with a rock until it could cut through stuffed animals), but mostly he felt guilty about the fact that he’d been endangering Nat and he hadn’t even realized. A few more decisions were made, namely to vaccinate her, since they had no idea what her health record was actually like. She wouldn’t like having to get the shots, but Steve remembered polio far to well to not take the precaution.
Steve smiled at Pepper, trying not to think about how fucking awkward it was to hang out casually. He knew he ought to be more of an adult about it by now, but what was he really supposed to say?
stunned him to find out Tony had gotten too involved in a project and just forgotten, but it would have been cause for concern, to say the least.
Tasha was sitting in the living room on a couch, hunched over a tablet. Steve had only ever seen Tasha cry once, when they’d thought Fury had died. But sitting here now, half-curled into Clint’s lap, her eyes were red and her lashes were wet.
He swallowed. “Yes, your Honor. But not as much as I used to. I’m… I’m looking to step down.”
“Are you making friends with her just to piss Tony off?”
“I’ll come in a little,” Steve assured her. “Just a minute, go eat.” When she’d bounced away, Steve turned back to Tasha. “I know this is a lot to take in,” he said.
“Nat, how about you go have some breakfast with Ian and me?” Tony suggested smoothly, patting Steve’s shoulder as he stood.
Clint’s smile turned a little sad. “She’s okay. She’s safe. She’s just not...here,” he said. “Viz helped me find her eventually. He’s with her now.”
Clint pulled out a little dog and made it woof a few times. “How ‘bout this?” Clint made the dog sniff her, tickling her cheeks with it.
Steve’s cheeks were pink, and he shifted his weight awkwardly under the heaps of praise. “Tony…”
Tony groaned, running a hand down his face. “Fuck, fine. Fine. Whatever. But there
Steve was quiet, nodding once.
“I know you have - um. Normal kids and not...but - I don’t know. I’m glad you’re here, I have no idea what I’m doing,” Steve said.
Shoutout to my MVP readers - you guys are the reason I decided to finish this story. Thanks so much for leaving such detailed and exuberant comments! It meant more to me than I can ever say.
Nat folded her arms over her chest - god, it was so strange to see his mannerisms mirrored in this funny kid - and tapped her foot. “How long are you gonna think about it, Dad?”
Having her back felt like the last puzzle piece falling into place. Tasha was a natural with Nat and Ian - due to practice with Clint’s kids, she insisted. She and Bucky began to develop a real friendship, beyond their scattered memories of one another. The Bartons came up on vacation, and Ian was thrilled to see Aunt ‘Wawa’ again.
I did promise you'll get to know what Tony's thinking and I SWEAR it's coming, next chapter. It was almost this one, but it got so long that I had to split it up.
name first,” Nat said proudly.
If you have other pairings/concepts/fic ideas you'd like to see me write, feel free to leave suggestions in the comments, or at my tumblr @ captain-outoftime. (For once, I actually don't have a hundred WIPs at once!)
“I can’t.”
“Well, if he wants to blow all that progress, it’d be a shame,” Bucky said with a grin. “Personally, I value our friendship- ow!”
He was greeted by a comically large Christmas tree that took up so much space it honestly boggled his mind as to how Tony had gotten it inside. “Tony… you do know it’s August, right?” His tone was dubious - it wouldn’t have
“Honestly...it’s not even the missing time that’s screwing with me as much as…” Tasha studied the children at the table. “How different it all could have been, I guess.”
“Nat?” Clint asked. “Did you want one?” She held out a chubby hand, but Clint didn’t give it to her.
Ian had started doing a really annoying thing where he’d hop right out of bed, open his door, and follow Steve into the living room any time he tried to put him to bed, asking questions, playing hide and seek, asking for water, pleading for toys, for another story - whatever. Steve figured it was pretty normal for a four-and-a-half-year-old to be a pain in the ass - if Nat was anything to judge by - but it was still making him a little crazy.
“The gun,” Bucky said, whispering the word ‘gun’ so Nat wouldn’t hear it, “they shot her with is definitely partly alien, but Stark figured it might have come from some sort of healing chamber.”
"Great point, pumpkin, hard to argue with that."
“I’m glad to hear your team is helping, and happy to see her attachment to you is much healthier,” the doctor agreed. She was quiet for a little while longer before speaking again. “That dark place may always be there, Steve. I have hope that in time she’ll forget most everything, but there’s a chance that may not happen. She’ll just need to be strong enough to live with it.” She touched Steve’s shoulder and got a wave from Nat before leaving.
Nat still had bad nights, here and there. The frequency of them had dwindled dramatically, but it still happened. It was technically Tony’s turn to get her, but Steve rolled out of bed when he heard Nat’s scream. Sometimes Steve was still the only one who could calm her down, and judging by the pitch and volume, it seemed like tonight might be one of those nights.
Nat slid off his lap. “With Daddy?”
Pepper and Bucky were laughing in the kitchen together, and Tony looked absolutely peeved about this development in their relationship.
Even after a night of sleep, Steve still felt like he’d held onto the end of a live wire for too long. His whole body was fried and burned out and numb all at once. He and Tony brought Nat and Ian into the kitchen for breakfast when they woke the next morning. Most everyone else on base was awake, despite the early hour.
“Negotiations?” Tony looked bewildered as he watched Nat go by.
“Oh does he? That’s great,” Tasha murmured.
Steve felt worse than he had the night before he was scheduled to get Erskine’s serum. He couldn’t stop pacing, hands wringing, struggling just to keep himself from spiraling into panic.
“Steve?” Toni asked softly, her small hands resting gently on his chest. The younger man turned his attention to the short-haired brunette and smiled.
“Find me everything you have on Daniel Richards - Brooklyn, New York. Probably born in the late 1870s.”
“Ugh,” Toni chuckled as she stole a sip of Steve’s beer, making the shorter man smile. “You act like you’re a hundred years old.”
“Mr. Von Doom. She’s as good as new, your crank was stuck and the arm that held the needle needed a bit of a tune-up. But, she should be back to brand new.”
As the man led her out on the floor he was very gentleman-like. He led her in the dance, following her steps as he should. Just as Toni thought this would be an okay dance, the guy began lowering his hands down her back.
“Wake up, Mr. Rogers.”
In four hours, Steve and Toni would by law, belong to the other. In front of God and everyone they loved.
Toni reached down to her metal leg, opening one of the small compartments, and pulled the ring out with a smile as she dropped it in Steve’s hand.
“Yeah, I would take the opportunity I think. It would be a really cool experience -- ya know, for science.”
Steve ignored the subtle laughter falling from Bucky and Sam’s lips and turned his attention to Clint.
“So, not to interrupt...” Reed muttered. “But who's going in?”
“Got it, Director.” Toni saluted her godfather.
“My armor,” Toni told her, giving Pepper a quick hug. “Keep Sarah out of trouble. We’ll be back, I promise you Pepper Potts. I’m getting married today.” Pepper placed a kiss on Toni's lips and smiled at her best friend.
And he was so very pretty in that moment that it made Steve’s chest ache.
by the distraction.
Put simply, Steve didn’t want a younger version of himself around, and a younger version of himself wouldn’t want to be here. Steve was doing what he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that this Steve would do for himself - and he was doing it in the kindest, least risky, least disruptive way he could think of. And he’d really thought about it.
tell Aunt May!” Peter shot back. “She’ll think this was hilarious!”
“No, it’s fine, really,” Steve assured him. “I’m happy to help.”
, when he looked up, Tony wasn’t there.
tone lurking underneath the coolness of Steve’s demeanour - he’d heard that voice a thousand times…
“Okay, so your room is just along here” Dev gestured to one of the corridors. “Tony is already waiting for you.”
“Okay… Let’s start at the beginning,” Steve suggested, wearily. “I remember leaving dinner… Does anyone remember what happened right after that?”
And again Steve laughed, thinking of how many times he’d though that exact same thing – and how bitter he’d always been about it. How he’d simply taken for granted that he would never find that person.
thirsty, now that Tony mentioned it.
of people get that. And, I mean – is it
That he liked feeling Tony fidget against him like this-
A chill washed over Steve’s skin, as he recognised that this was Tony acknowledging
have.”
The next time Steve thrust into him Tony rocked to meet him, finally falling into sync with him. And, as Steve began to fuck him faster, Tony moved to meet his pace, rounding out every wave of pleasure, dragging every inch of friction out of him,
Steve was overwhelming by now, coiling tighter with every breath, almost to the point of pain - but Tony just wanted to
Tony cried out, somewhere between a scream and a sob, as the pleasure swamped over him, wave after wave. He locked his legs tighter around Steve, rocking up to meet him, his nails digging into Steve’s skin. Tony’s whole body surrendered to it, letting it pulse through every muscle, rolling all the way up to his shoulders.
remember briefly thinking it was unusual to hear of any businessman making such a comprehensive stand. It had seemed to Steve that most companies had to be bullied for years before they changed their harmful practices, usually in as small a way as possible and only after it had actually become more cost effective to do it. When he read the line ‘Tony Stark stated that after his experience in Afghanistan, he had no choice but to…’ Steve had already assumed an end to the sentence - that it would be something about stricter safeguards or a charitable donation, or something. When it actually read ‘shut the company down’, Steve had almost smiled. It was unexpected, and yeah, maybe even worthy of admiration…
He took it with him anyway, as he slumped heavily over to the couch. Truth be told, he would have much rather gone to bed… But it was eleven thirty on New Year’s Eve, and going to bed
But something in her response snagged his attention.
All of which had dissolved into a wordless, emotional mush by about Wednesday… and had now sharpened again, into something more basic and primal-
His whole future, right there in his hand-
. It was unbearable. “And, if I
He’d hated the word
“Steve… If you’re not prepared to even talk about me doing something risky-”
… Which was already proving harder than he’d expected, now that those reactions were actually there.
It set Tony’s teeth on edge.
a few little attributes that were just… him.
“…But?”
, I have no problem scanning for another option, while we’ve still got other work to do. Options are good. But I still say that if we haven’t found one by the time we’ve done everything else, then we go for it. No point wasting time looking for a base we may never find, when we have an option right there - especially as we
He actually held his breath, the white pill pinched between two gloved fingers, his shield gripped just a bit too tightly in the other hand as he climbed onto the gurney… and assumed the position of his frozen self.
” Steve hissed, desperately,
And they looked at one another, and then looked back at the railing, and sighed.
liked him.
that-
before The Adams took over – looking at this, you’d think that the place was just always staffed by slaves… But, yeah, there’s a written agreement… wow,
“Oh, right, yeah.” Steve nodded – and then, because he vaguely remembered that it was what he was supposed to be doing, he drained his glass. And he went to put it down on the table behind him, readying himself to follow Tony to… wherever it was he’d just said they were going-
A scalding heat ran up Steve’s back as he was hit by the sheer embarrassment of what he’d just done.
...He had, however, picked a really bad time to recognise that ‘being completely honest’ wasn’t a simple rule that he could blindly follow.
He didn’t know how long he’d been here, he didn’t ask how long it could last… He’d lost all concept of time.
, for hard facts. Everything else was supposition and guess work. The few clues they did have were both vague and unnerving.
And then a surge of dizzying, shuddering relief, as all the tension left his body in one immediate, intensely satisfying rush-
And stayed there, held at that knife edge.
And that was especially inappropriate now, because something far more important than that was happening… but, God, if
. Unfortunately, in the agonising length of time that had dragged past him since, he hadn’t really gotten any further with it. It turned out that his ‘relationship’ with Tony could generate plenty of noisy, conflicting arguments, even as an isolated topic-
The sound of him dragging in gulps of air and clawing mindlessly at his restraints
Maybe it didn’t even matter whether he was going mad, or freaking out, or recognising the reality - maybe it was just obvious that he wasn’t enough for Steve, that he couldn’t make him happy, that he wouldn’t know where to start-
he was just jealous.
But no. There was Steve, standing there like an enthusiastic Labrador puppy, just happy to see him - demanding
rant, even when it was the wrong rant. Honestly, there aren’t many people
And he caught Tony’s eye, and they shared a smile.
He didn’t even think about it. He didn’t even open his eyes. He just lifted his head as far as his heavy shoulders would let him – because Tony had told him to.
Tony felt his chest tighten. He looked away.
dinner party conversation topic…
Tony had always assumed that Hell would be uglier than this – and yet, Hell this undeniably was.
He was too focused on the work he was doing to see the way Steve smiled at that.
stay exactly what you are. If you want to be a good man… that’s something you have to keep
tell you.” Steve sighed, “When it later turns out that she already killed a hundred people or something, and didn’t think to mention it. Or we find out that her fathers research is something evil…”
“Yeah, I’m okay.” Tony nodded. “Embarrassed, and worried I’ve upset you, but other than that, I’m fine.”
His legs fell open. His head fell back into the pillows as he arched his back. He didn’t even know why - only that it felt good, and he
Steve actually rolled his eyes, all alone in his room.
“Well, thank you…But, you’re right, that
From before he didn’t exist…
Steve felt that familiar pride bloom up in him, soaking into all the other sensations currently pulsing through his body – every pain, every pleasure, was heightened and focused by the awareness of what it was doing for
With that, Steve had suddenly found himself coming to sit on the floor with a bump, tears already sliding down his face, his breath hitching uncomfortably in his throat.
“Okay, this is simply pettiness now,” Thor sighed, and then fixed Steve with what was probably intended as a compassionate look. “If this is an enduring disagreement between the two of you, then perhaps it’s simply the case that you will drift apart - but that’s no reason to sow disagreement among us all, or assume the same things of all of us,” and then he leant forward slightly, a sad smile tugging at his lips very briefly before he refocused, and added, “you are not the only one who cared about him.”
“No- I mean… I do want you to say these things, Tony,” Steve assured him. “I mean, if I ever
He pulled Tony in by the hips, and Tony melted into him, humming happily. And this wasn’t the emotional climax of earlier, this wasn’t an earth shattering, life-changing kiss in the way the first one had been-
And then there was a deafening bang, and the ceiling just ahead of them exploded into a cloud of dust.
Rolling Steve’s hip towards him
a creepy, co-dependent relationship, in which true consent was impossible, from
Who was now standing there in his underwear.
having a real conversation. A natural, pleasant,
part in making all of this happen, or even that he shouldn’t feel guilty for the part he played.
Feeling it under his teeth.
Not to think about Obie, and the lie of his youth, and the increasing worry that maybe no one was as they seemed-
But it was almost as important –
“I love you.”
And again,
He might’ve felt a little swell of disappointment, to think that all his recent soul searching and
And Clint would’ve picked Tony, if Nat wasn’t available, because
And now here he was, standing in one of the many gardens of the Varian Embassy, watching Tony effortlessly charm an audience of alien diplomats… Feeling
that Pepper would give him every minute of her time, ride out every spike of his emotions, give him every assistance in a plan she thought was sensible-
If Steve was going to waver, this was the moment.
you saw something truly terrible - but didn’t.
He’d waved the question aside at the time – mainly, because he’d wanted to carry on talking about how absolutely perfect Tony’s hands were… But Steve found himself pausing to think about it now.
- and not just
put as much distance as possible between him and Steve, who had been seated in between Bucky and Sam at the other end of the table.
“Okay, so, there are the mistakes you
“This is really nice,” Tony told him, at last.
Above him, a scattering of stars shone bright enough to sparkle through even the vibrant light of the palace.
Oh, but even more than that…
“Is that
He was especially disinclined to start a personal conversation right now.
than that, I have ruined my entire life, and so many other peoples, and I swear I never meant for any of that to happen and I tried so hard for it not to happen and everything I did just made it worse – and I can’t think
He was so sure every move would break him, trembling on that knife edge, every muscle pulled tight-
“Well, not necessarily. We’re pretty good at breaking in…to… places” Tony trailed off as Zan shook her head sadly.
Even if Tony denied himself some of those daydreams… the ones that he
Steve remembered that code, from half a decade ago.
“Wait,” he announced. And Pepper stopped, her phone in her hand, to look at him.
“Well… I think there is a difference between something being
By now, the steam had started to clear from the bathroom mirror, leaving mottled patterns of grey and silver that Steve had to look through to see his reflection…
...And yet he had been a man like Steve, once.
“I don’t believe that for a second,” Tony told him, still wincing at the phrase
Rhodey blinked at him.
Steve had, by now, completely forgotten about the bigger picture.
But, for a good few minutes, Tony was lost in a sea of bare skin and ostentatious jewellery - moving further and further into the shapeless mass of this impossible crowd. His heart started pounding. His head started to swim.
“So, wait a minute, let me get this straight,” Tony demanded in a serious tone of voice, one hand held aloft to demonstrate that he had the floor. “You’re telling me that Steve basically fell into the store, whilst being beaten up by three people, and
“I’m not going to get high again until I’ve had a chance to think straight about what the hell we’re doing here,” he muttered instead, purely for his own benefit.
“So, here’s what gets me,” he announced. “That is at least one bullshit detail too many to be a cover story. If you just came here to tell me some fake story, common sense says you’d have stopped at ‘I’ve been frozen for seventy years’. There was no need to add aliens after you already added time travel. So, either, every part of that story has a reason to be there - there’s something very specific you’re trying to do, or find out, with each part of that…”
your argument?” Steve suggested, and this time Tony laughed.
to be.
“I don’t know,” Steve groaned. He
And he looked at Tony – and Tony realised that he wasn’t breathing. His throat was suddenly tight. And then he saw Steve recognise that he said all of that out loud.
But it was just about beaten back by the revelation that,
“Well, like I say, this is just the benefit of my own fucked up life experience… But
“Steve hates the word unnatural” Bucky informed Tony, in a pointed tone. Prompting the conversation ahead.
And, yeah, there probably
And he
“Ah, well, that’s the thing,” Tony almost giggled. “Not really, no. Well, not
“Well, he could never think of anything to say that wasn’t about you, if that makes you feel any better” Tony added, as a meaningless piece of neutral chatter.
“You need to leave,” Tony cut him off again, turning away as he said it.
like Steve. Other than the laughably shallow reason that Steve was very pretty…
…This might just feel like a regular human panic, actually. A
It wasn’t until he heard the whining flicker of radio static that he really snapped to attention.
out… Turn us against each other? That’s usually what it is…” He finished, somewhat bitterly.
The hallway he chose was long, and wide. He vaguely remembered that some of the corridors ran past large lounges and soft rooms, so he was faintly encouraged to find a row of what looked like office doors. More likely to find a computer in an office than a sex lounge, he reasoned.
to remember that night and be happy-
have an incredible and supernatural power to protect the people they loved-
Steve could see him trying not to smile.
At last, Tony’s brain rebooted, providing some back-up to his physical impulses.
Steve swallowed a hard, salty mouthful of fluid, and nodded.
And then he’d fallen in love.
“If you don’t
got drunk I put the suit on, blew up my own house party and then robot-fought Rhodey in the gym – so, I don’t know, maybe that doesn’t mean anything coming from me…But I’m the only one here. So.”
about the Accords.” Steve told him, when Tony met his eye. “I’m sorry that I boiled it all down to that, and didn’t think enough about the other side of it, especially since I’ve been back. And… you know,
kiss him. Right now. He could-
might have to commit something to a feeling like this, was embarrassingly on brand.
…Actually, come to think of it, he was
That was worse.
...But he wasn’t
It had been bad enough at the beginning of the week. Steve had spent those first few days after he left Tony’s house feeling anxious and rejected and guilty, bouncing from one bad thought to the next-
“What?” She demanded, before she turned to Tony with a questioning look in her eyes. He simply shrugged at her,
He’d tried to explain that Steve hadn’t done anything wrong in offering… trying to make himself feel better by making Steve feel better. Thinking of how much it would hurt
…The flush of pink under the tender flesh
Finally, Steve recognised that what he’d been missing for all these years wasn’t the era he was from but the person he used to be - that he was nostalgic for the experience of growing up, not the neighbourhood he grew up in.
someone.
But, just under that, there was that practiced charm, the very particular choice of tone and expression and pace that made him seem sort of likeable anyway.
“So, the first thing is that none of your bloodwork has been comprehensive enough – no one has done the right tests. And there isn’t really much choice about how we do that one, so, if you have a problem with needles… the best I can do is put you out first,” Tony shrugged.
– and that, really, he’d always
And Tony was suddenly overwhelmed by all the things he wanted to say to Rhodey – and by all the parts of it he hadn’t worked out yet, and all the things he didn’t know how to describe-
And then he must’ve reached that middle ground. The point between emotional elation and rational thought… an aware sort of dream-state, or a still-hazy wakefulness…
, and it was more than beautiful. It was everything that Steve loved about him. It was every warm memory they’d shared. It was everything Steve had been searching for, since long before he went into the ice-
“And maybe take it easy on the gym equipment, before Stark decides to bill you for it.”
was for Steve-
Steve almost smiled to think of where he’d be right now, if he’d followed his original programme to the letter.
“Tony?”
And he really
Indulging in the flicker of needy desperation that he managed to stir; the image of Steve’s breath catching in his throat, his jaw clenching against the sudden sensation-
“Well, actually,
“Well,
beautiful, and Steve loved him
He grimaced distastefully, as he thought back to the blood he drank just a few hours ago. A particularly bad batch, even by his minimal standards – watery and gritty and of hardly any use. And Tony knew that meant he should actually drink
“…Yeah,” Tony nodded, biting back that same silly grin.
Tony heard him stutter just slightly, a different sort of tension pinching his shoulders straight. Steve’s gaze ran over Tony’s body so quickly, like he still wasn’t convinced he was allowed to look, his breath gathering in his chest as he met Tony’s eye again-
But he just… Didn’t.
Four hours, twenty-two minutes.
parted…
so many new things…
He felt guilty for how relieved Steve looked, thinking it was only that.
Enjoy!
He pointedly refused to look at the case again, before he turned and stormed out of the room.
For a moment, he wasn’t sure it was even there, or if his own guilt was manifesting in hallucinations - both seemed equally unlikely. And equally terrifying.
“When Fury sent you looking for a lost plane?” Tony clarified.
“I’m not here to talk about the mission,” Tony informed him, firming his voice up and purposefully meeting Steve’s eye.
That this
to do with the Accords, in the end. I even remember where that started. One night, right back at the beginning – when I was petulantly, irrationally ranting at Rhodey, actually – and I said,
But no.
Okay, first point – this FOCUS stuff was
familiar stab of unfairness that hit directly between the ribs, every time Tony misunderstood him like that - the little voice that whispered,
It would mean never touching him again, never falling asleep against his chest, never being able to tell anyone that Steve was his…
“Mine tastes kinda like bananas,” Rhodey commented.
, all of a sudden
he allowed himself a minute of grinning like a schoolboy.
But then he and Steve had
And then Steve broke the kiss to gasp for air, still holding Tony close as he threw his head back and panted.
The pleading scream ebbed away, as Tony recognised that he didn’t need to beg - as his focus shifted to positioning himself against Steve’s hands. He pushed his weight up onto his elbows, his head still bowed.
It was Steve that gasped, breaking the kiss, his breath still hot against Tony’s lips. For a moment there wasn’t a thought in Tony’s head. Just the pounding in his chest and the fluttering in his veins and that compulsive pleasure now throbbing in his hips.
But only because the other option was so much worse.
– a beautiful, vulnerable sound, naked and needy and desperate,
“Thanks for that” Tony repeated, in the same tone. Rhodey ignored it, and carried on,
you’re pretty bad at. I’m just guessing, based on the clues I have.”
He had spent the last nine hours trying to take his feelings out of it. That’s all it was. Nine hours of ‘organising his thoughts’ and ‘setting his priorities’ and ‘planning for possible outcomes’…
“Well something’s up with you,” Tony informed him. “You’ve been acting weird since I got here. And since you’re apparently waiting for someone to ask, fine, I’m asking – what’s going on?”
. “And, the thing is, for all this time I’ve just assumed that mean you
“...I know that
And, yup, she was
swallow down his feelings, or pull out some witty comeback, or pretend he hadn’t heard it…
involved in it,” Tony informed him. “You decided to get involved with it, so now the only question is how you’re going to get out of it. You think you stand a better chance siding with them, or with us?”
forceful, more vocal – that he’d fought harder for this thing, that he’d made a stronger case for it
was very much still in battle mode. His body thrummed with adrenaline, his heart still pounding steadily against his ribs, his mind still too laser-focused on the task at hand to notice any of it-
Tony huffed an embarrassed laugh at himself, the tips of his ears glowing pink as he realised it was probably a bit early to be thinking about marriage proposals.
And then, just as Steve was beginning to realise how strange that all was, Bucky laughed again.
Thank you again for reading!
And Steve suddenly realised he’d being doing everything all wrong.
“But why come here?” Tony demanded, snapping Steve out of his moment of enlightenment. “Why go to a different timeline at all, why not stay where you were - and why the hell was I trying to invent time travel in the first place?”
But it used to be like
Steve felt a cold sensation press down over his skin, as his fears for Tony once again stole the spotlight from his thoughts about himself.
loved him were so rare and precious a commodity that he became especially anxious of letting them down. He couldn’t bear to watch those people speak for him - however much they caveated it - because he couldn't bear to see it blow up in their face. He couldn’t
“So, um, it turns out that we’re both actually kinda on drugs.” Tony announced, somewhat uncomfortably.
The human part of Tony, the part of him that loved the human part of Steve – the part of him that had catalogued every scrap of information Steve had ever shared with him, and held onto them, and indulged in them. The part of him that had watched every one of Steve’s press conferences … The part of him that knew all about Talleroy Communications, now that he had reason to think back.
hadn’t forced these compromises on people; as long as he was making the best of his circumstances, rather than creating them...
Tony had only snapped himself out of
He was deliberately rough as he pushed his fingers inside himself, remembering that glorious sting as Steve thrust into him, the way Steve’s limbs had trembled with the heroic effort of maintaining some sort of control…
And Tony just couldn’t have that.
And then Tony felt a horrible, treacherous heat rise up in his chest – oh, God, he really didn’t want to cry right now-
And, at first, Tony was simply confused by his own physical reaction. Why should that bother him? It really
things he felt guilty for, obviously - and included on that not insignificant list was the mess they’d made of multiple worlds. He was sure that he still had many sleepless nights ahead of him, unpacking the choices the Avengers made and the real reasons behind them, confronting the true extent of the damage they did.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, and hit the punching bag again.
a better friend now than he’d ever been.
Tony snorted at himself for so casually slipping into language that sounded so silly to him - and might not even be right.
“Yes.”
“He said it was the wrong time for that sort of assessment, and that they might have jumped to the wrong conclusions, or something,” Tony answered, sceptically. “Which
Honestly, mainly, for the fun of it.
The sketch of two sets of what looked like animal teeth, side by side.
“I don’t expect him to stay in exile forever because I’m sensitive” Tony smiled, “It’ll just… take some work” He shrugged.
you know? Just strumming his lute thing, and saying stupid stuff in a stupid voice-”
, deliberately dragging his tongue over Steve’s skin. The friction curled up along Steve’s spine, the pleasure beginning to pulse low in his hips – every beat a desperate craving for more.
so unfair, to think that he’d never even get to see that Tony again.
And that, finally, stopped him from talking. It stunned even his mind into total silence – which was the only reason he heard the computer’s next announcement.
wouldn’t work.
“Wait, hang on,” Pepper was trying to intervene.
A few hours later, Tony was curled up in one of the seats on his jet, idly tracing patterns in the powdered sugar that he’d managed to get all over the table in front of him, and smiling to himself.
was going mad, because the pressure, and –
“Jesus- Jesus Christ, Steve,” Tony panted, eventually. “How… That was… I mean, that’s not even a thing…”
Steve turned to say something, but the door unlatched before he could think what it was. So, he settled for throwing Bucky a poisonous glare, and resolved to put the whole thing out of his mind.
Steve looked up, one hand stroking protectively over Tony’s arm as he processed this group of people – some that he’d been chatting to, some whose names he knew – just smiling at them… Happy for them, or intrigued, or impressed. A new heat curled in Steve’s stomach, as he recognised the details of this moment
…But he just couldn’t make himself feel bad about it.
“Rough night?” He commented, looking Tony up and down. Tony threw him a playful glare as he smoothed down yesterday’s t-shirt.
Tony managed a smile as he stood up again. He unlaced his tie and tossed it in the vague direction of his jacket, missing it by about two feet. He removed his cufflinks, and carefully placed them on the bedside table, and shook his sleeves loose. And then he glanced back through to the living room, and made the snap decision to get his administrative tasks out of the way before he settled in for the evening.
That Tony was right.
It was everything else that was complicated.
It was either make a run for it whilst covered in glitter, or not - and he had to make a choice
to say – that he loved Tony, that he was happy it had happened, that it was incredible, that he wanted it to happen again. But there was this deep resistance to actually saying any of it, all of a sudden. A fear of ruining everything, upsetting Tony… making an ass of himself.
did, but I know it isn’t… and even if it was, I know not saying anything isn’t… I know it must seem like I just never stood up for you ever, I’m not saying I wish I didn’t have to stand up for you, or that I don’t want to, I just… I wish I just could, without it being…”
That cold feeling stirred in his gut again, unsettling another random collection of childhood images - like the gritty silt that muddies a clear pool when you disturb it. Once again, Tony found his mood subtly coloured by the echoes of things he was trying not to think about.
“What guy you’re in love with?” Rhodey demanded, clearly getting carried away. “What, Steve?” And then he saw Tony flinch, and caught himself.
need to feel like they’re doing something. That’s what stops them feeling helpless. That’s what stops them sitting up all night thinking about it. That’s what saves them from torturing themselves when something does happen to you – because then they can at least tell themselves they did what they could.”
And then he bit down,
Steve managed to contain his smile until Tony finally turned, and he could safely close the door behind him-
Tony could feel the outline of Steve’s cock, pressed hard against his thigh. He could feel the blood pumping hotter and faster under Steve’s skin. He could hear the little pleading notes in Steve’s breathing.
gone on to poison Tony’s mind against himself… If Tony hadn’t started from the perspective that he must be a monster, that he had to find some undeniable proof that he
He took a deep breath, and flinched his hands away, and told himself to calm down. He pointedly refused to indulge any thoughts about why he wasn’t up to this, or why he shouldn’t feel this way. Instead, he forcibly reminded himself,
“Hey, you’re here!” Scott announced, just a bit too jovially. From the performative edge, Steve had to guess that he was trying to lighten the mood - although, of course, it had the opposite effect.
Steve recognised his cue, and planted his feet more firmly on the floor, subtly broadening his shoulders.
? I thought… he isn’t like the other people who come here. And I know you’re very much in love-”
“…You want to ask if we can extend our stay?” Steve quirked an eyebrow – and Tony pulled a sour face.
“I’m going to take the jet to DC tonight,” Pepper spoke as though from miles away.
Tony relaxed into it for a moment, briefly overwhelmed by the heavy heat of Steve’s lips, over-sensitive tremors still sparking all over his body.
to do this, made him pathetic and needy – if that was how he was going to feel in the morning, when Steve dismissed him again and Tony was faced with unavoidable proof that he still cared.
Steve after such intimate moments was part of a more fundamental impulse… It felt as though it might be.
Toni signed to Nat and Thor. And with that, the bigger man nodded his head.
“Took me longer than I had hoped.” Steve's heated gaze took in one last look of those whiskey brown eyes and he whispered. “But you’re right, I made it. That’s...” Toni’s tongue ran across her bottom lip, causing a hitch in his breath. “That’s all that matters.”
“Me too... How was your night? You and Natasha have a good time?”
“Wish his grandson wasn’t an asshole,” Bucky told them, giving Toni a soft smile.
“Me too, Clint... But it sure is fun to watch.”
“I dunno, Buck! You interrupted before anything happened... I think she likes me and over the past months, we’ve grown pretty close... But, I dunno... I find it hard ‘ta believe... She’s beautiful and I’m--."
” Steve spoke, not missing the way Toni’s brown eyes grew in shock at the foreign tongue falling off Steve’s lips.
“I don’t know! I don't even...” He whispered back. “Do... Do you like Steve?”
Yay for Toni.
Toni sighed, sitting down on the edge of their bed as Steve pulled off his own pants, and began to take off her sweatpants.
Steve thought about her as he was injected with the serum. As he screamed in pain all he thought about were those beautiful brown eyes that filled his heart with peace.
“I’m glad you had an eventful day, what did you bring us for din-
“Come on, Stevie," Bucky said, jumping to his feet once he realized his best friend had begun to stir.
The blond chuckled as he watched the overthinking run across her face, as a ramble of concern left her lips. “No, no! Toni,
When Toni made it back to the table Steve and Bucky quickly stood to their feet. Seeing the obvious mood change in their genius.
“Steve...”
“Bucky mentioned some blonde girl at the bookstore who had eyes for you... So, I just assumed..”
“Unbutton me.” She motioned to Pepper.
Toni pulled away from her fiancé’s embrace and shook her head, bringing herself back to the task at hand.
Entering the cold, gray interrogation room he saw Howard pacing in front of a steel table. Gray littered throughout his hair, and more wrinkles on his face then Steve ever remembered. The older man looked at him with shock written all over his expression. His pacing came to a quick halt as he turned his full attention to The Captain. Steve flashed Maria a smile and crossed his arms over his chest.
Edwin sat wide-eyed on the couch, trying to conceal his shock, not moving his gaze from the black sketchbook that Natasha had rested in his lap.
“Need any help with changing?!” Clint yelled after Toni, making her stop in her tracks.
I must be the luckiest guy in the, in the whole ‘ide world!” Steve leaned down, resting his forehead against the smaller genius’. “I keep ya happy right?”
“The letters,” Toni said softly, making Steve jerk up, looking at the brunette in shock.
Another fifteen minutes passed with banter back and forth from Toni and Reed, but not in anger. No, the two were civil for the first time in their relationship and figured out when they weren’t at each other's throats they were actually wonderful friends and even better partners.
“Nonsense, my treat,” Toni told him, grabbing a dollar from her pocket, pulling the smaller man alongside her to the hotdog stand.
“Like you need a hand, get the fuck over here and help us.” Toni laughed as she watched the blond's shoulders drop as he moved across the lab to help his brother-in-law.
“No, you idiot.” Toni pointed to the sheet. “Take the sheet off!” The brunette made her way back over to Steve. Wrapping the bigger man's arms around her waist, as she laid her back against his chest.
“I look..”
Regretting the words as soon as they left her mouth as Toni watched Steve’s eyes grow dark. His lips claimed hers in fierce passion, as his teeth nipped at her lips. Claiming her lips in more ways than one. His herculean form dominating hers in every way he could. Steve had her arms pinned above her head, gripping them with one hand, squeezing slightly to the brink of pain. His free hand, roaming her body to claim what was his.
“Look! I found this genius roaming the halls! Natasha, we must do something about that, we could not have anyone else stealing her from under our noses!” Thor’s booming voice filled the room, as he walked in holding their resident genius bridal style. Steve took in the appearance of Thor and stood up from his seat.
________________
Strange just rolled his eyes and scratched the back of his neck. Toni always beamed with pride when she could make Strange stutter or speechless as he was one of the only people besides Wade Wilson that could match her sass.
“Tickets please.” Steve handed over the tickets, the older man ripping the stub off the bottom and slowly handing them back to Steve. Taking in Toni’s appearance with the shorter man.
“I never wanted her, she’s a waste of my DNA, my time, and my money.”
“I do believe we have a wedding to attend,” Fury told them, fighting his smile at the reconciling family. “We can all catch up on the way to the tower.”
Her mind ran through the events she’d lived through the past two months. This taste of domestic life here with Steve was something she’d never experienced before. No one knew who she was, no one faking a love or like for Toni just for her family name or trying to get something from her. No one trying to kill her for her father's legacy. No villains with stupid agendas. This right here, this was what it felt like to have a normal life. But, as much as Toni loved it, as much as she loved the simplicity of her life with Steve. She knew it was coming to an end. That this life here in 1930 something, wasn’t forever.
“Thank you, for loving my son.” Sarah smiled and placed a kiss on Toni's forehead. “He’s a very stubborn man.”
“That’s because I’m marrying a man with fantastic taste,” Toni told him as he carried her back to their bedroom.
“We can talk about whatever the fuck this was tomorrow when Steve goes to work..” Toni muttered softly, looking down at her brown, pantyhose-covered feet.
. Just like Toni.”
Now he didn’t only think about laying Toni down on his bed, bringing her pleasure with his lips and tongue till her beautiful body was trembling under his touch. Her perfect lips just begging for him.
“Hey! Welcome back!” Bruce smiled, standing to hug the engaged couple.
“Steve... There are a couple of things you need to know about me first.”
So yeah, Steve and Toni’s friendship had reached new levels, but honest to God. Steve had never loved anything more. Being able to snuggle up in Toni’s bed after a long day, holding the tiny genius in his arms as they fell asleep to FRIENDS.
“You think Van Gogh is overrated?” He asked, grinning from ear to ear.
“I think you mean my shirt,” Steve smiled as he watched his fianceé hold it to her chest with an offended look on her face at Steve’s choice of words.
not his.”
“You okay?” He asked, a slight smile on his face telling Toni he had noticed her checking him out.
“Together, doll. Together.” Steve repeated back, watching Toni pick up her bags as the tears continued to spill down her cheeks.
“Ok, in my defense... Have you seen him? He’s so beautiful.”
Steve sent his final letter off and gave Howard a bag of his things, including his favorite white shirt that smelled like his girl. He told the man to keep them safe. That one day someone would want them. Steve told him to put it in an old chest he kept in his room, and to keep it safe. Howard nodded, promising he would as he took the bag from the bigger man's hands and wished him luck on his next mission.
“Nuh-uh,” Toni said as they moved closer to each other, continuing their arguments as if they were five-year-old children.
“Oh, shut it, Stark.”
“And you’re one to talk, big green.” Toni said, turning to her fellow scientist.
_________________
Then, Steve remembered and he couldn’t stop the laughter that fell from his mouth. Steve pulled away from Toni’s soft, velvety skin and turned his head up, smiling at his fianceé.
“You’re being weird," Toni stated, pulling a laugh from the taller man's lips.
Round four out of five and Sam’s team was trailing by two points. The score was 10-8.
But, Toni’s favorite nights were lazy, lounging around with just the three of them.
“Before this whole time travel thing, I only painted you, but I wasn’t sure why," Steve whispered. “But, now I remember. In the MoMA, you told me about Monet and how he always painted what was pure, what his heart desired. And for me, that’s not some water lilies... That has and will always be
“He painted it in 1899... After he bought land in France. Wanting to build something beautiful, he built a water lily pond. He installed the footbridge over it and it became the inspiration for his next series of paintings. Monet wanted something beautiful and pure to paint.” Steve smiled, listening to Toni talk so passionately about something he held so near and dear to his heart.
“I was thinking, Charades?” Toni suggested knowing her Steve loved to play charades, even if he was awful at it.
Neither of them noticed Steve make his way into the house, and freeze as he watched his two best friends begin to yell and scream at one another.
“Perfect for you and your girl,” the older woman said, handing Steve the flowers. Just as Steve reached into his pocket to pay for them, the older woman shook her head.
Mr. Von Doom closed his long, stemmed fingers in front of his chest and smiled.
“Did you apologize to Miss Stark?”
“That, they do.” Steve agreed, watching Toni bend down touching her toes as Bucky leaped over her bent form. Then the dancing duo went right back to spinning each other around the room.
“It’s not, James. Stop blaming yourself.”
“I love you,” Toni muttered as Steve placed kisses down her neck, nipping the sensitive skin on her collarbone. The brunette arched her back, pushing her chest and neck towards the smaller man - as if her body was begging for more of his touch.
“Sooo,” Bucky said, slinging his jacket around his shoulders.
“Come on,” He hollered from the bedroom. “I’ll show you a gentleman in here!”
“I can’t wait..” Steve whispered, plastering a fake smile on his lips.
“Yes,” Steve sighed.
“Oh goodie,” Sam muttered.
“Thank you.” Steve brushed the god off and turned to face Natasha and Toni.
“Aren’t you special,” Toni muttered into her microphone. The room breaking out in low giggles at the genius’ comment.
Toni asked softly. Not sure what was actually happening right at this moment. All she knew was she felt a wave of exhaustion rush over her like she had just gotten out of a battle. That Bucky was taking care of her. Bucky made her feel safe.
“Huh?” Toni asked, tilting her head in confusion at the super-soldier.
“That’s very true.”
Toni stood up off the bed, following Bucky’s actions.
“I love you, Mrs. Rogers,” he whispered, placing soft, peppered kisses onto her lips as Toni tried to regain her breath. “I love you.”
________________________
“Ah! Daniel, it’s so nice to see you.” The tall, slender man said, standing up from his desk chair and walking over to Daniel.
It was a silent walk to the interrogation room. None of the men wanted to speak because well - no one wanted to be here right now. They wanted to be in Toni’s tower, getting ready for the wedding.
Toni couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled in her throat as she heard the room of tipsy heroes bust out in laughter at Steve’s ‘private’ question.
This will be leading into some slight angst!! So, stay tuned! I should update more this weekend!!
It was a couple seconds of silence before his dad placed the handkerchief back in his jacket pocket and smiled at Steve.
The taller brunet nodded and locked his hands in his lap. “I suppose I am...”
Steve pulled away from the genius, the palm of his hand wiping across his forehead as if he was wiping imaginary sweat off his forehead. “Whew! Tha’s good news!”
________________
(See the end of the chapter for
,” Toni said softly.
“You’re a sweet-looking dish.” She hollered across the station, smiling as the man rolled his eyes when Toni recalled his compliment from one of their many evenings spent together.
“Are you kidding? You’re so talented, I’d love to!” Toni’s heart felt like it grew three sizes when she saw the grin that broke out on Steve’s face.
Answering random questions about who slept the latest - Toni.
“You’ll see.”
“I’m so tired of all these damn couples!” Sam hollered, making Toni burst with laughter in the middle of kissing Steve.
“Counts all us out, damn,” Sam said, as he finished his sixth pizza slice.
Everyone's eyes turned to Toni’s and the brunette just shrugged her shoulders.
“He’s very wealthy, Toni.” Daniel smiled, his eyes glancing down into the envelope.
______________________
“Hey,” Steve asked, noticing her left hand was bare, not wearing his mark. “Where's your ring?”
“She did actually, a woman.” Steve told him smugly, loving the sheet of white that rushed his face.
look and she nodded her head in agreement.
“It has to be the adrenaline, I swear, Toni.
“You came home in this dress... I can’t forget that day, even if I tried... I thought I was gonna bust a nut right there in the kitchen..” Toni laughed at her soldier's word choice and smiled. “I thought you didn’t hear what he said?”
“Well,
Oh, and today was Toni’s day off - which made it even worse.
But, that didn’t stop the feeling of regret in her gut, knowing that Bucky had kissed her and here she was not five minutes later sitting on the same bed with both of the men. God, she needed Stephen Strange to hurry up and get her the fuck home,
“Buck? What’s goin’--?” He heard the panicked voice of his smaller friend.
“You draw me.." Toni mumbled, "Ten times prettier.” She watched as Steve shook his head, his smile fading on his lips.
“Treat your lady well, son. She’s a looker.”
and with that the icy water succumbed his body, taking him from this world, and from Toni.. or so he thought.
“T, we haven’t spent more than fifteen minutes alone with Steve in over six months,” Sam stated, lifting his head off the table, to throw a glance in Toni’s direction.
“Right, sorry.” Clint muttered. “I’m gonna go check in with Bucky, see how Cap is doing.”
“Oh no, not everyone. Only valued people of the court.”
Quickly shaking her head, Toni figured she would do what Toni Stark does best. She would figure it out, she always did.
Their breath feathered against the others for a second or two more, enjoying the heat of their bodies pressed together. The intimacy of that moment was only something Steve had dreamed of, but no dream could have prepared him for the heat of this.
“Steve? Sweetie? Don’t you wanna know what you do?” Toni asked, walking over to the empty spot beside the tiny super-soldier.
“What?” Toni asked, a smile growing on her face as she turned to face Steve.
“Steve, James!” Toni said with an uneasy smile on her face. Steve threw a questioning look to the brunette, only receiving an unsure shoulder shrug in response. Daniel stood to his feet and greeted Steve with a firm handshake and then turned to Bucky, saying:
“What?” They all asked.
The team of superheroes watched as their peaceful, fun interview fell apart from one second of hesitation from Steve.
“I couldn’t... I..” Toni looked towards the smaller man in concern. She knew the two men could barely keep food on the table to feed themselves, how the heck were they gonna take care of her?!
“Good? It was amazing. Godlike. Marvelous.” Steve smiled, flipping the genius over onto her back.  “Unbelievable. Breathtaking. Oh, Toni..”
“He’s gone... He’s gone and I... I didn’t,
“Wow...”
She sat there watching as Bucky got the upper hand and knocked the asshole’s buddy to the ground. Shaking his wrist as the guy hit the pavement. He then turned to Steve as the bigger blond man went to town throwing punches to the smaller man's ribs.
“No.” They all told him, making the archer raise his eyebrow in surprise.
“Well, I can’t wait to meet them. Thank you for finding me this work, Daniel.”
“Ohhh yeah...” Toni said and smiled down at her fiancé. “That was so fucking cute by the way.”
“Eight's a good number, Steve,” she said softly, watching the smile that grew on his face.
“I’m not going anywhere.”
“What?” Steve asked, eyes growing wide as he took in the information his brother just spoke. He looked over at the brunet seeing his fist clenched by his side as he looked like he was in pain.
...” Toni whispered; brown eyes wide in shock as she slowly wrapped her arms around his neck.
“Did that solar blip burn all your fucking brain cells?”
“Who has the green notebook?” Steve asked the room, his eyes frantically searching the resident's hands for that leather-bound book that held his dirty secrets.
Toni felt the tears fall down her cheeks as she watched the passion that grew in his chest as he defended her, even from herself.
“Take your time, he's loaded.” Toni busted out in laughter, and she didn’t miss the curious glance Mr. Von Doom threw in their direction either.
Steve learned to take this all one day at a time, Toni had really good days, sometimes weeks without problems. But, then a sore day would roll around and the cycle would start anew. Sam said he would talk to Toni, but he thought Toni and Bucky spending some more one-on-one time together would probably help.
“Could I climb in bed with ya?.. Bucky kicks like a mule in his sleep.” Toni sleepy nodded her head against the deep blue pillowcase. “Toni, it’s dark. I can’t see ya, doll.”
“Destined?” She asked softly, her head tilted to the left in confusion.
“You’ll be alright, Tones.” He chuckled and threw a glare at the smaller blond.
Toni scratched the back of her neck and smiled softly at the younger boy. “You get those... Moods when you’re older.”
“Starvin’, but we got food at home.”
“That’s seven.”
“Don’t apologize...” He muttered not looking up into the brunette’s eyes. “I know what it’s like..” Toni sighed as Steve quickly grabbed the broken pieces off the floor, and hollered out to the team asking if they wanted eggs.
“Maria, last date you remember,
“So, ma’am. What is it he does?” Bucky smiled, raising an eyebrow at the genius.
“Enjoying... Her-herself in another time period.” The god squeaked out, a smile on his lips even as his eyes started to bulge out of his head from the pressure of the soldier's grip.
“Together,” he whispered, placing a kiss on her lips for a final time.
Steve stood up from the sofa., looking down the hall in the direction of his bedroom door that held his dame. “You touch her again and I’ll kill you.”
Steve couldn’t help but think about what Coulson said as he walked with Toni through the office, watching her fix the copier with the touch of three buttons. One down - was Clint and Bucky
Comments and Kudos always appreciated!!
“Hello, Amore,” Toni heard her godfather on the other end of the phone.
“It didn’t surprise Ana or myself knowing the genius you were, so we kept them safe. Also, an old wooden trunk that Howard was very specific about, he said the Captain had told him to keep that safe. So, Ana and I did. They’re all downstairs on my floor waiting for you and your Captain. I was also very surprised to have that new set of memories in my head as I awoke this morning.”
The soldier knew he only had so much control and he was hanging on by a thread.
The soldier followed suit and took a moment to appreciate Toni's flawless appearance today. Her gorgeous, thick thighs were wrapped in tight, black skinny jeans as she donned a cropped, white pocket tee. Her short hair spiky and messy as her lips were painted the classic Toni Stark, red.
“Daniel,” Toni breathed. Ten dollars in the late ’30s was equivalent to a couple hundred in 2014.
“You won’t ever lose me, I promise, Steve. I promise you that.” and with that they fell back into the arms of the other, this time treasuring every second with each other's bodies as if it was their last.
“I’m far from uncomfortable, Tones. I’ve just... I uhh.”
“Yes, he plans on being a Trauma surgeon. He’ll be a damn good one at that.” Toni smiled at Daniel as she listened to him talking about his son, and how he supported his dreams. She only knew what that was like because of Jarvis. Toni could never imagine Howard saying anything of the sort. But, Toni was glad Nathaniel had such a great father in Daniel.
Not two minutes after the doors closed Toni felt her hands begin to vibrate, as a green glow appeared around them and soon her whole body followed.
“Right there with you, Toni.”
“Tell me about it?” Steve asked, wrapping his arms around her waist, resting his chin on her shoulder.
The archer smirked, “No.” Raising an eyebrow as he continued to flip the pages. “Tell me what’s in it.”
plz I love roses and had to self-indulge a bit here bc they're my favorite flower. (basic I know, but pay attention to the meaning of them. That circles back around.)
As they were all finishing up their bowls of ice cream, Bruce made his way into the kitchen with four test tubes.
“Well,” Toni looked down at the mess on the floor and back to Bucky. “Can we just blame this on Thor?”
Steve and Toni were born for a fight, and she believed that with her whole heart. They met in 2012, fought aliens, and fell in love in 2014 for a reason, and she knew they had to get back to that.
“Why, thank you...” Bucky responded, running his hands down the front of his uniform. “Ya, know I look even better with it off.”
notes that said
“Huh?” Toni asked, eyes flashing with confusion as Coulson just walked away. Steve quickly shook his head, muttering through his candy-filled lips.
“You’re a sweet lookin’ dish yourself, Toni.” He smiled, sadly as they shared a soft moment - knowing she wasn’t just leaving Steve, but for him too.
And that if she asked him too, he’d move heaven and earth for his
“And It’s all mine.”
It was only eight-thirty, and the coffee machine had broken. Kinda sorta blew up as soon as Clint plugged it into the wall. So, everyone was frustrated about that.
“Really?” Toni poured her fourth cup of coffee and thought back on the past week.
“Toni... I wanna do that with you for the rest of my life.” He smiled at the beautiful woman that laid beneath him. “You’re breathtakingly perfect.”
“Steve?” Toni’s voice broke as tears stung her eyes. Worry for her fiancé overriding her every emotion.
Toni wasn’t quite sure what he meant to say, but it definitely wasn’t anything to do with Howard and Maria Stark. Because her parents died in 1999, there was
Toni shrugged her shoulders and threw the younger Barnes a wink.
“Who told you...” His stormy blue eyes running down the front of her apron.
“Well, it appears they’re alright.” Daniel laughed, with a smile across his face.
“JARVIS?” Toni asked, looking down at her phone.
Toni quickly noticed Steve’s avoidance of talking about his feelings. Which was so different from his pre-war, pre-serum self, and Toni knew she had to figure out how to bring that back. She had to figure out how to do for him what he did for her. Toni had to show Steve that she was ready to pick up his broken pieces, just like he did hers.
Toni breathed as Steve dropped his assault to her neck, his right hand running down her hip, hitching her thigh up and around his waist. Quickly moving even tighter to the brunette's body.
“No, I wanna hold you.”
As the black town car came to a stop, on Fifth Avenue and fifty-seventh street, Toni grabbed fifty cents out of her pocket and handed it to the driver. His eyes grew wide as Toni handed him money. As if he was expecting it to be coming from Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Man, a good day, just got better,” Natasha whispered, turning to Toni with a relaxed smile gracing her lips.
“J.. Do you have -”
And just as he went to land more well-deserved punches, he felt small hands on his back, pulling him away from Howard. Turning, he expected to see Bucky and Fury, but he saw Toni instead. She had her hands on his face, her lips moving as if she was speaking to him.
it, before-
“And this” And Steve put a folded piece of paper in her other hand. “Just give these to The Avengers, and answer their questions, and you’ll be fine”
was always just for you to think of me like anyone else. Well, no, let’s be honest here.” Tony stopped himself with a self-depreciating little laugh “My
“Oh, because I have a plan,” Tony remembered, glancing at Rhodey. “Well… I had a plan… half a plan, maybe…”
That all sounded more like the problem itself than any sort of solution to it.
“Your last day here, right?”
Of course, he knew that Bucky wouldn’t have forgotten to mention that.
…It would be losing the love of his life. That
Of course, there were all sorts of complicated thoughts that later occurred to him - questions about where that power came from, and why it was a secret, and how it could affect Tony so directly…
“Okay, just, stay here,” Tony warned Steve, gently. “I need to check on him-” he saw Steve’s eyes flash with concern, his jaw tensing at the very idea of letting Tony get near to him again, “-I know, I know, but I promise I’ll be okay. You have to listen to me now, okay?”
And Tony didn’t even know which one of them was saying it, at first. It took a good few minutes for any of his senses to come back to him. At least enough to recognise…
someone-
He just hadn’t expected a crisis of self on this scale.
And then a little flicker of perception. The vaguest memory of context…
when Steve turned up the night before.
“Oh my God, you guys!” Natasha exclaimed, from right behind them. Tony and Rhodey looked in unison, to see her and Pepper struggling their way out of the crowd. “Oh my God, did you
And – perhaps it stemmed from that revelation. Perhaps it
In fact, Tony was sure that the shift in his head had happened
And then came a hot spike of tension, and a grinding wave of
“Are you okay?” Rhodey clarified.
And what was he scared of, really?
Bucky. It’s… It’s what they did to him, to make him… And it’s… Bad.”
If there was any stirring of doubt in that moment, any initial idea that something was strange… Steve had to ignore that right now. He had to focus.
The flash of panic as he looked up at Bucky, the flood of relief when realised that neither of them was hurt… melting into an anxious sort of confusion…
Steve broke into a delighted grin at the sound of his voice, and followed that instinctive draw towards him, picking his way through the debris until he found Tony at the back of the room, struggling to his feet amongst a spray of papers on the floor.
I SWEAR, this time the delay was down to my stupid internet connection, and not me 🙈 But, none the less, my sincere apologies -
And, to be perfectly frank - he didn’t need them.
memories – specific
sure of, the bits it was hard to put into words or the ideas I wasn’t ready to commit to or the questions I had… I just left out. And I know, most of the things I actually said
Clint was back at home with his family.
“Uh, yeah – well, I keep starting it, anyway,” Tony laughed.
It would only give him the chance to start the
“I like it when you kiss my neck,” Tony murmured, very softly.
“So, do I have to get back in there?”
of the shower, and get himself dressed, and…
Which was underselling it, as it turned out.
to co-ordinate his limbs, meant it took even
“Yeah, let her in,” he announced cheerfully, pushing himself up off the couch. God, everything was just so much
Impulsively, Steve piled the paperwork up again and closed the folder.
Tony briefly considered avoiding the question. Replying with details about Barnes’ treatment, saying that he wouldn’t know until he had a closer look at the data… But almost immediately he recognised that there wasn’t any point. He knew exactly what Rhodey was really asking, and he knew that Rhodey knew he knew. If he was going to try palming Rhodey off with a non-answer, he might as well just not reply at all.
It didn’t seem as insurmountable, or as futile, or as undefinably unpalatable…
the tragedy has happened, when they tell their friends,
Unattended computer.
And then he smiled.
to apologise for that. To even this out a bit. To make it better.
sure-” was cut off when Steve kissed him again, his hands already caressing roughly over Tony’s ribs.
…But, if that text gave them the all clear-
“Well, they aren’t slaves” Tony muttered, stepping back from the edge again and looking around the room. And then his eyes fell on a little black panel, built into the railing. “…Ah-ha.”
he didn’t want to change his mind.
good like this... “ Tony murmured, like he was talking to himself, shifting back so that he could unlace the belt around Steve’s waist. He slid his hand under the fabric, running his palms over Steve’s chest, letting the robe fall open in his wake. Steve did his best to meet Tony’s movements, trying to writhe free of his clothes - wanting to offer himself up.
Tony uncurled his fists. He forced himself to relax his shoulders and stand up straighter. He told himself again,
And then, before they closed the portal, Steve heard Rhodey say to Zan,
...And, in reality, someone being protective of him had only ever meant protecting him from himself. Not any of the people who’d hurt him.
Pointedly, he reminded himself that this was the home of a once great, now dead civilisation. This was the birthplace of a millennia of epic history and the final resting place of so many of Thor’s friends - it demanded more attention and respect than he was giving it…
And then appraised Steve carefully for a few seconds longer, with seemingly no regard for the tension building between them…
“I love you,” Steve repeated, trying to ignore the sudden spike in his heart rate. “And, just to make very clear, this isn’t me propositioning you. I didn’t come to this timeline to make, or claim, or demand, any particular future. I’m not here asking for anything, or expecting anything - I don’t expect it to mean anything to you, hearing that from a stranger… But it
And then, just as that pressure was threatening to break, Steve loosened his hold on Tony’s thighs.
Tony felt a thrill race though him, somewhere between exhilarated and disgusted.
…Which meant he’d become the sort of person who looked forward to crises, because a crisis meant he got the chance to be made uncomfortable by a co-worker.
And he thought of Tony’s hands.
“I love you,” Steve whispered, as Tony broke away.
“Jesus,
When Tony had stripped him completely he gave Steve the softest push, and Steve just let himself fall into the couch. The sheets felt so cool against his skin, silky soft and obviously expensive…
This time he pulled the cover over his head. He wished he could just
And Tony did.
He sank back down into the dent he’d made on the couch, while Rhodey picked his way through the debris littering the workshop.
“I see you’ve changed your mind about this place” She said, bitterly.
He made a lot of noise as Tony and Happy helped him to his feet - Steve standing just behind them, staring down at Wesley like a bouncer. It took an agonisingly long time to cross the few feet of gravel to the car, but, miraculously, no one seemed to notice them in the meantime.
But something that Freddie guy said had snagged Tony’s attention. Planted an idea that slowly grew, and spread, as the morning wore on…
“So, how’re you finding it?” Dev asked, amiably.
part of this whole thing with Steve. Something that’s just… different, and I don’t really know how that works yet… And I know I could make that sound really dramatic and… fairy-tale…ish,” he frowned, trying to find the right words for it.
And Steve just about managed to catch Tony’s eye, before his face froze in the most wonderful expression of overwhelmed relief, and he came hard over Tony’s stomach.
“Good evening, Sir.”
“I love you too,” Steve breathed, melting against him. “And I’m never going back to SHIELD again.”
“Okay…” Steve exhaled, taking a small swatch of fabric out of his pocket-
“Well, I mean, if you’re sure you don’t mind…” he replied, quietly. Thinking of how to say that he wanted to keep this thing under wraps, without it sounding offensive-
And, when he did briefly think back to his earlier intentions, and remembered that he wasn’t supposed to jump Steve within five minutes of him arriving… It was like remembering part of a dream. That momentary confusion when you remember the exam you were driving to or the goat you were supposed to keep an eye on or the fact that your mom is having an affair with your geography teacher – that same amused realisation that,
“... So, is Steve as stoned as you are?” He asked, trying to sound casual about it without really knowing why.
…Although, Steve wasn’t exactly sure
was total garbage.
All those myths and unreliable personal accounts and medieval anatomy had been no use whatsoever in
, and I’m sorry for that. And I wish – but, its more than any of those things. I wish I’d
“Tony!” Steve yelled, leaping forward – realising that Tony was falling before Tony did.
, to read him. It felt comfortable, and natural, and
This wasn’t fun, or frivolous, this wasn’t just a thing that would have happened. This
He saw the surprise flash up in Steve’s eyes, his entire body flinching upright under the impact of this sudden swerve in his expectations… And, belatedly, Tony remembered some of his genuine remorse. The personal guilt that probably should’ve motivated this entire speech began to collect in his chest, bleeding into his words as he went on.
that Tony was being good for him…
… Like he was looking at a well-known scene and the light had shifted. Something that seemed to change everything even though he had no idea what had changed…
Repeat,
Making it harder to undress him-
obliged to prove himself to the world like that – as unsettling and embarrassing as he found it, in the immediate… Maybe thinking of himself as good enough, for just a moment, had helped him see this.
Maybe he’d just run out of it. Maybe there was only so long a person
himself.
that… Wondering if he should feel at least little bit embarrassed. Wondering if he should maybe feel guilty. And, purely out of habit, wondering if Tony would think any less of him because of it-
why…?” Tony blurted out, as he was still running through all those memories…
to take their drugs…” Tony added, not sure himself which route to take.
He was excited at the prospect of yet another argument in his favour – an argument with far more basis than anything
And Tony was almost certain that he would have to rely on it, that he already knew how this next conversation was going to pan out-
And the point that won the argument was when Tony realised that at least that initial high had worn off… and he liked that.
“JARVIS, we still have all the details we were able to lift from the SHIELD Servers on the helicarrier, right?” He asked, with an icy sort of focus that he would have thought beyond him, a few moments ago.
“‘Kay,” Steve agreed heavily, letting his eyes slip shut as Tony climbed off of the bed.
desperate to get through it, to tell him-
It was like being able to remember someone else's thoughts - someone else’s
of that – was more than enough to overwhelm any sensible concerns that Tony might have had. All his usual questions and worst-case scenarios just got absorbed into the thrill of it all.
“I’m pretty sure.” Tony nodded.
He saw them share an unimpressed glance, before Bucky gave a defeated shrug for the both of them.
Tony concluded that that was probably the saddest part of the whole fucking thing and grabbed one of the shirts at random. The black one. And then he’d reminded himself that it really didn’t matter and resolved not to think about it again.
God, he wanted to come-
...And yet.
The Facility staff for the next twenty-four hours,” Rhodey carried on. “Under good old-fashioned US law, if you can believe it – turns out that Adam actually filed a lot of registrations and legal forms, before he fell down the rabbit hole.
“Right?” Bucky prompted nervously, as Tony tried to think of a way to explain it.
As there was no one here for him to explain himself to, no ideology he had to promote - no consequences to this admission, in and of itself…
Because, Steve.
And he was sure that
I did.”
And then he murmured against Steve lips, almost incidentally,
Tony was barely aware that his mind was working as efficiently as it ever had, that he was as focused and as capable as he’d ever been in his life.
It just hadn’t stopped him feeling all the other things. The things that had been directly disproved… but he was still so sure must be true. They’d
But still, his feet pulled him slowly forward, his whole body leaning towards the sound of Tony’s voice.
And their eyes met again, and the intention and connection and barely contained passion of that look was a high all of its own.
that, back in The Tower. Or,
“Please,” Steve groaned, caressing his palms roughly over Tony’s thighs. And Tony just hummed happily, and placed his hands over Steve’s, taking hold of his wrists with a warm and patient grip.
...Which didn’t mean he had any more idea where to start, mind you.
“They do everything from here – the Adams all live on the top floor, unless they’re going back to Earth for something.” Zan explained “This is their stronghold in the city.” Tony looked over at Steve again,
than three days… But there had been something nice about the feeling of hiding away with Steve like that, something that felt safe, and novel, and intimate somehow…
Trying to imagine every possible outcome; picturing what might happen if Tony was angry at him or upset by what Steve had told him or… maybe what might happen if this
He pulled Steve’s hair, forcing his head back, and kissed his neck-
“Well, if I’m using my salacious past as a cover story, it doesn’t have to be a woman, does it?”
...And none of it was good.
“Well,
The laughter ebbed away then, as Steve tried to work out if
“You ready sweetheart? You want me to fuck you?”
that fantasy where he did… Now there was no further function, there was nothing outside of this moment. Now, Tony was just thinking of the things he wanted to say – chasing this building excitement, just the same as he would if he had chosen to fuck Steve instead.
But there wasn’t even a question of whether or not it was worth it, so Steve didn’t let himself dwell.
...He didn’t even know when he’d started doing that.
Wesley looked up at Steve again, swallowing hard before he could force the words out,
“Can you come back next week?” Tony pulled from absolutely nowhere.
it to Steve to like him in the first place. He wasn’t obliged to form any sort of bond with Steve, he didn’t have to give a reason to take it back. And it was perfectly valid for Tony to be more
“Are you gonna,
it, he never understood why that phrase meant so much to his Pa, it wasn’t even that good a phrase. Apparently, Steve’s pa learned it from his grandpa. So, it was a family tradition it seemed.
“Yeah, I am. There are way worse things than a couple of neighbors thinking a beautiful dame like you belongs to me.” Toni smiled fondly at the taller man, her brown eyes softening as she looked up at the brunet man. Steve felt his heart sink in his chest. It always went like this: Steve fell for the girl and the girl fell for Bucky. Why would this time be any different?
“That would be great!” Bucky said, shooting up from the couch, pulling the shorter blond along with him.
She couldn’t help but smile as he began to cry as her fathers escorted her down the aisle. Edwin and Nick placed kisses to her exposed cheeks and placed her hands into Steve’s.
