“Yeah,” Ash agreed. “I mean, sure, I get the bigger picture here so I’m not complaining but, still, that really bored the pants off me. Playing an inoculation nurse isn’t my idea of a fun time.”
“My efforts to repair you would be more efficient if I did not have to divert my attention to deal with avoidable crises,” Castiel castigated him.
Jimmy couldn’t remember a time when his every interaction with other people hadn’t been coloured by his illness.
“Thank you for the bread,” he said, as she moved to serve the tourists who had finally chosen what they wanted to buy. He used the distraction to slip out of the door. As he returned to his car he glanced at the only other store still open so late, ‘Dexter’s Really Useful Shop’, and decided to take a closer look at the plants racked outside its front door. Although he fully intended to find a proper nursery within driving distance so he could make a start on his garden, he was also conscious of the need to get at least a full outline of his next book emailed to his agent before Crowley made good on his threat to come visit and tie him to his desk. So a few of Dexter’s plants in pots would at least give him something to inspire him until he had a chance to act upon the urge to tackle the garden properly.
“It was an acceptable offering,” she allowed. “But, for future reference, I always much prefer tuna.” She smiled at him with far too many sharp teeth.
There had to be something in the village to use as a long pole, a broom even, then he could lash his knife to the end and voila.
my wolf, I didn't aid it either. I just sat back and left it to its own devices and never added the benefit of my own knowledge. Such as the fact that Police Officers rarely travel alone and that the fact your 'donut guy' had a tranquilizer gun should have indicated that it wasn't a random cop investigating a break-in, but a deliberate response sent to deal with potentially dangerous 'wildlife'. Again, indicating that at least
The wounds hurt, but they were minor. Every bullet had hit a place that would be healed by a simple shift.
Bone dagger in hand (his own bone dagger, since he had already stashed Abaddon’s away in his inventory with Lilith’s) Dean smirked at the man wearing his brother’s face. “I believe this dance is mine?” he suggested.
Since doing so would inevitably have involved the slaughter of all Croatian Alphas and replacing them with Alphas bearing Asian Wolf genes, instead of resolving the Campbell situation, the Alpha Council teetered on the edge of creating a similarly despotic situation in Greater Russia.
As lightning cracked overhead, piercing the gloom with spears of jagged white, the black wolf came to a halt next to its mate, its own flanks heaving, its eyes glowing red with fury.
Well, except for the one to keep his eyes tightly squeezed shut during the process and then to open them extremely slowly.
It was theoretically possible for a calico to be male. The odds were 2999-1 against, though, according to google—he’d checked—so Dean preferred to argue the cat wasn’t calico at all.
“Some guy you and he have been playing with. Jimmy. Dean told me he was responsible for taking Chuck out. Though sounded more to me like the Reaper used him just as badly as Chuck did. Poor bastard’s got cancer in real life. Some V.I.called Casteel or something, was healing him for real. But now Jimmy’s been thrown out of the game completely, so Dean believes he’s going to die.  He’s really torn up about it.”
They were sitting together in a wonderfully named restaurant in Fishkill called ‘Feeling Kinda Kozy’, as Dean devoured his second serving of Chicken Pot Pie.   Maybe his wolf shouldn’t have been such an asshole about the Bass, because he was
She waited again as the caller spoke once more, then said, “And I greatly appreciate you saying that also. Hiroyuki Wong’s reputation was unparalleled in this country. And, as a skilled, licensed Fugu chef, he was naturally obliged to take the first mouthful of the dish he had prepared, so his death was inevitable under the circumstances. But he was a very dear friend, so I appreciate your condolences.  So tragic to lose two such great men at one time.”
saying popped into his forebrain. “No,” he breathed. “It wouldn’t make any sense. That can’t be right. I can vaguely see why Roman
And, as though thinking his name had been enough to summon him, Dean took that moment to enter The Roadhouse.
anyway.  Arthos seriously is a fantastic place to live.  Well, for guys like us at least. Like I said, I’ve been here three years and I have already collected enough credits that when I do finally leave, I’ll be doing it in serious style. Coming here was the best decision I ever made.”
So when the screen flashed red in response to his chip, and a scarlet hued light from the screen enveloped his wrist and caused the skin over his chip to glow radioactively for a moment, Dean’s heart almost exploded out of his chest in panic.
Maybe he could turn around and return to town. Tell Bobby he would consider the idea. Tell Castiel he would consider their relationship. Finally stop running from any possibility of good in the assumption it was always just the sheep’s clothing hiding a slavering wolf. Trust was hard. Trust would always be hard. But, perhaps, the one thing possible to trust in was the knowledge that what hurt him would also hurt Cas.
So whoever was standing there, just slightly out of his direct line of sight, they were Null.  Non-designate.  He let go of a breath he hadn’t even been aware of holding and twisted, slowly and painfully, just enough to see whoever it was that had saved him.
Dean shrugged.  “Looks like you’re not the only one around here who can hack the game,” he smirked. “See ya,
It infuriated Castiel that it had happened at all. The Federation - and it’s officers - were supposed to treat all citizens equally and, on the surface of it, the Law supported that equality, but in practice discrimination against all biological Submissives was rife. If Dey’n had approached the Tsalun to apprehend Rafe in the same fashion, he would have been told off like a misbehaving child. Yet how could all designations claim equal status if the default position of the authorities was to act as though a dominant’s wishes automatically took precedence?
Sam groaned with frustration. “In that case you’ve lost me completely. I have absolutely no idea what the hell you’re trying to tell me.”
“I made the mistake of creating a threesome family,” Charlie admitted. “I was going through an X-Files phase and thought it would be fun to put Mulder, Scully and Krycek together.  Only Mulder kept sneaking off with Scully to try and make babies.  Krycek kept getting upset. Assassins shouldn’t cry like that. It offended me.  I decided I should have just put Mulder and Krycek together in the first place but I discovered I couldn’t delete Scully out of the game. Then I figured out how to kill her off instead and it was cool for about three days until she returned as a ghost.”
Meg shrugged. “Well, I could be wrong,” she admitted. “But the black wings are a bit of a giveaway.”
Dexter’s failure to mention the subject himself was proof, however, that Castiel had blown the whole thing out of proportion. Dexter had obviously come to the correct conclusion that Castiel had merely wished to avoid mutual embarrassment by identifying himself as the writer Dexter had been unwittingly enthusing over to his face at a time when they had been barely acquainted.
money and who was going to pay her for her time now the big oaf had collapsed?  Like magic, all the NPC’s made hasty retreats, leaving no-one in the bar except the girl, the barkeep, the unconscious knight and Crowley.
a lot more realistic. I still don’t have a clear idea of how this Knights of Hell crap is going to work itself out but I definitely think it’s going to be a lot more complicated to reach EndGame than simply participating in a series of basic Boss fights. So I think I need to get into the right headspace and actually try to believe this world is real whilst I am inside it, rather than just a game.”
His Wolf roared and snarled, fighting him as though it was desperate to break the chains of his control to rend and tear, but Castiel could smell the guns, smell the
“Oh, the guy in Sarah’s head isn’t interested in playing games. He’s more of a kind of voyeur. Like a dirty old man, maybe. Bit creepy really, if you ask me. He just likes to watch the world out of her eyes, or something. Like I said, bit creepy. But, still, after I got over the initial
He waited for his bodyguards to stand down. Then he just stared at the man in the wheelchair for a moment before saying, “You seem to have confused me with a vampire.”
“Dey’hahn are considered extremely cute,” she replied, which wasn’t a ‘no’. “I actually think it means he likes you. I remember one guy he took on, a Molgaten, pretty face, nice body but very cocky attitude, and Crowley decided his name was ‘Pneuzarrat’. It was over a month before someone told the poor guy that the word translated to mean a latrine-dwelling rodent in Quian.”
Then Sam turned and raced back to the doorway, where several of the Betas had gathered, drawn by the sound of Sam’s earlier howls.  He greeted their presence with snarls and growls and they scuttled backwards with hasty apologies.
At the bar, joking with a group of NPCs, Asmodeus, still wearing the ridiculous off-white suit, was sitting with Crowley’s girl on his lap, his head thrown back with laughter as she flirted with him coyly.  His profile read level 60, which was obviously impressing the hell out of the cronies hanging around him at the bar, though it was a full 20 levels lower than Crowley’s own 80.  In a straight out fight, Crowley was almost certain to win. But if Asmodeus had the ports Crowley suspected he owned, then approaching him directly was pointless anyway since the ponce would just flee like a rat the minute he sniffed danger.
”It’s weird. But good,” Dean decided. “I like the inclusion idea in theory, but how will I know whether someone is pack or not? Beta scents are barely discernible unless they are excited or under stress.”
“Yeah, so, as I was saying,” Piotr continued blithely, “if the new owner wants us to swan around the galaxy picking up passengers of the Lepidoptera variety, I can’t say we’d have an issue with the idea.”
“Look, I’m sorry,” Sam said. “I had no right to interfere. You’re right. We’re probably all out of time for
But he did manage to eventually derail his older brother’s rant about both criminal irresponsibility and ‘pointless virtue signalling’ - which surely cancelled each other out anyway - and money not growing on ‘trees’ and the fact he was apparently acting like a ‘lovesick puppy’ by saying, “I need to talk to Sam Winchester.”
Another biological Dom, faced with that knowledge, might simply have drowned in the horror of that reality, allowed the chemical effects of that depression to steal their ability to even take another breath.
But there were still almost a dozen remaining, plus the female level 50 demon who hadn’t even entered the melee at all.  She was just watching the brawl with an expression of sneering boredom, waiting for her troops to overwhelm the players completely.
”Exactly,” Dean groaned. “Apparently, he’s Mr Commitment Guy.  He doesn’t want to ‘do the do’ unless someone agrees to be his mate. And ‘mating’ isn’t like marriage, Bobby. It’s for
Dean’s hole was clenching tightly on the penetrating digit, his terror of falling causing him to squeeze desperately, even as fingers grasped painfully at Castiel’s hair for balance as the Qui lowered him enough to swipe a teasing tongue over Dean’s weeping cockhead.
“Okay,” he said, admitting defeat on the vampire assistance front.  So what did he have and what did he need?  How did he kill a giant man-eating Koi in a deep pond?
existence. I am not the Reaper of Chuck and Amara’s existence. I understand the concept is impossible for you to comprehend. Impossible even for any A.I. to truly comprehend. The reason I cast my father out of Afterlife, the reason he then tried to delete me, to destroy me, to cut me off from your world and hide me away; the reason he was so afraid of my existence at all, was not that he feared
Gan - both men clearly protective of Gan’s privacy, which Castiel agreed was an honorable position which he respected too much to take offence at - Sam had, perhaps unwittingly, given him a far greater insight into his brother than Castiel had expected.
“Why do you have Dean’s car? And why does she look mint?” Sam demanded, getting right down to the heart of the matter.
“I think there’s probably something really significant about the numbers,” Sam suggested. “You said that Dean is aware there is a chance that two knights could each hit Rank Five and then need to fight each other for pole position in some final epic battle. But I know Cain thinks only
Sam thought about that, then shrugged. “Well, thanks I guess, because I don’t doubt it would be easier for you to just punch on through and knock those walls down.”
Sitting in the Roadhouse, chuckling at Dean’s habit of talking with his mouth full (which should have been disgusting but somehow, instead, just added credence to the idea that what Dean had to say was too important to conform to anything as plebeian as
A charitable person might feel inclined to point out that since Nick Pellegrino had woken Tuesday morning with the fresh and immediate pain of knowing it should have been his son’s 15
And, another thing that Dean would admit to himself later, as he considered the events in the quiet of his own motel room, was that his first instinct, like that of the black wolf, was to chase them. And not necessarily to thrall.
“Idiot,” he told himself.  “It’s gonna be an hour or two tops.  Anyway, if Ash doesn’t come, Sam will. He’s only a few hours’ drive away.”
He needed to shift, because this body was broken and shattered. He was bleeding out inside his own goddamned Tomb, which was all kinds of ironic, and only shifting would heal him.
And as he crept closer to the house and his nose separated the plumes of scents, he realized the single heartbeat was that of a human. A Pok. Not the Alpha at all.
Chuck frowned suspiciously, but then his expression cleared as he appeared to decide there was no harm in answering the question. “Unlike my brother, I see no value in multiple vessels. A single presence in your world has been sufficient for my needs thus far. That situation is, obviously, open to alteration when circumstances change.”
“It took the team a few days to adapt completely to the idea of using fully interactive V.I’s within the game environment but very quickly they all adjusted to the situation and were so enthusiastic about the additional interactivity offered by the symbiotic merging with the digital characters that they seriously considered changing the game parameters to offer the same experience to all players once the game was launched.
“Possibly because her boss, a guy named Aaron Hotchner, is the Guildmaster of The Gods of War,” Bobby explained. “I kinda think Penelope might prefer he don’t log in tomorrow and get stuck inside the game forever. He’s a bit of an unimaginative asshole, to be honest, who’s refusing to even take Henriksen’s calls at the minute, but I gather he’s generally good at his job. I think she’ll consider saving his life worth calling a truce on your personal feud.”
“Sam said it was just to give me a job,” Dean said, then flinched and held his breath as he waited for Ash’s reaction.
“I have absolutely no idea,” Nigel replied, mildly irritated by the question. “If you are working under the misapprehension that I have superior knowledge of the situation, you’re sadly mistaken. I have very limited contact with my son and therefore no insider knowledge of RRE’s business decisions.”
But then he saw Gan straighten, turn, his face confused, uncertain, his nostrils twitching like a startled cat, as he looked at Vojislav Sobolev for the first time. Smelled him for the first time.
Yet, unlike Nick, he never allowed his grief to alter either his affect or his comportment.  He conducted his business and his interactions with perfect, measured precision and never deviated, even a single iota, from his designated path. Although people were like unruly beasts, milling in immediately unpredictable directions, the overall tessellation of their behavior had a perfect, predictable symmetry. So whilst he was constantly forced to make minor adjustments and corrections, a nudge here, a tweak there, as a tile shattered or shifted within the pattern, the Auditor was satisfied his ledgers always eventually returned to a perfectly balanced state.
“I don’t have a clue,” Dean admitted. “That’s the problem with all the ‘Happy Ever After’ bullshit, isn’t it?  I get a miraculous cure, yay, and everything is supposed to be rainbows and unicorns or something. Instead, the small little life that I had accepted as okay… not great, but
Nigel Roman, though a good solid practitioner of his chosen field of expertise, was by no true definition a naturally successful businessman. To be perfectly honest, the only reason he was even a named Partner in his law firm was that he had launched his career alongside his college roommate, Donald Woolf, and had inadvertantly ridden Woolf's coattails into a position of comfortable security.  It was Donald Woolf who was the hungry young buck who grew their tiny partnership into eventually becoming a hugely successful LLP.
“Synergistic ‘superpowers’,” Castiel corrected. “From that point of view, you could say the powers actually belong to the Subplex since it is they who gift the power to their mates.”
“Well, that’s the problem,” Charlie said. “Someone like Dean, or the other Knights, could probably survive for weeks to be honest. The immersion tanks handle nutrition and bodily waste and such. Unless they actually
Despite being deeply mired in his own misery; Dean was still fully aware there was something a little squirrelly about how everyone was behaving when he finally arrived back in the sitting room.  However, despite glaring at them all suspiciously, he simply put that down to the fact that Sam (and Gabriel) had returned before him. He assumed Sam had sung like a canary and the way people were moving around, then sitting in odd groupings, had something to do with their need to gossip with each other about Dean’s ‘stupid’ decision as they stuffed their faces from a pretty sweet-looking buffet Crowley had laid on.
significant extra power from killing them anyway. According to your numbers, he was forty levels higher than Amara and that might not
“So it was Ash I contacted after my accident.  I was completely fucked. Dad was dead, Sammy was only fourteen and even though on-paper I was old enough to assume his guardianship, I was looking at months of rehab before I even got my ass out of hospital so I couldn’t see a way to stop Sammy getting thrown back into the system.  Luckily, Sammy was smart enough by then to keep himself one step ahead of the authorities. He didn’t even come to the hospital after the first couple of days because we couldn’t afford for anyone to start asking questions about him.
Dean flinched. “I never asked him to take your fucking pills and trick me into believing he was a null.”
Which also explained why the Qui looked so much like historical, artistic representations of Angels. Dean could definitely picture a dickhead like Rafe flying around pre-industrial Earth and pretending to be some kind of superior holy being, just to stroke his own ego.
“Chuck acted rashly, perhaps, by removing Dean before he could even step into play. But, of course, that just moved Cain’s attention to
“I don’t think there’s a vast difference between him being 92 levels higher than me or 112 levels. Either way, he’ll still kick my butt. But maybe I don’t need to fight him at all. We’ve done what we set out to do. We’ve secured 6 ranks, keeping him at 4 and so we’ve stopped him getting a First Blade,” Dean pointed out. “I’m assuming Hades is pretty defensible. So maybe we just all hole up there now, forget Cain for now, and see if we can make contact with Amara.  It bothers me that she hasn’t even popped up to show her face since before Chuck left Moondoor. Maybe it’s a good time for us to see what her
without having gained prior approval from his sire, the Russian Alpha-of-All. Who in turn would have sought agreement with the decision from the other major World Alphas.
Castiel Krushnic was not his Alpha, because Dean was not part of his pack. And when he was thinking of him as an Alpha in
that his terms of business are always non-negotiable,” Jimmy confirmed sadly. “He won’t even ‘cure’ Mortimer Blake’s appearance.  I questioned him on that, because, although he’s been keeping Mr. Blake alive for years, he’s never actually done anything to make the man look less like a walking corpse.  When he offered to heal
Gabriel smiled gently. “That’s okay too. When Castiel comes to Nova, we can all take it slow and gentle. Find a way. Find an answer that works for everyone.  Whatever you ultimately decide, Dean, I’ll have your back too. All I ever asked was that you would
Castiel frowned. “I have frequently witnessed Jimmy utilizing the same affectation. You have never criticised him for such actions. It is an efficient way to clarify when spoken words are from a different original source.”
The only real minor casualties of the disaster were the half-empty sack of kibble he’d left sitting on the kitchen floor and his two rucksacks. He pulled his clothes out of the first one, laying them out on the table and the chair backs to dry so they wouldn’t go moldy before he had a chance to wash and dry them properly. He decided to leave the bag with his tent until the next day. He would unfold it and put it up to dry out in the sun.
“You know salt will not harm me,” he said, conversationally, “but it will ruin this suit, which happens to be one of my favorites, and then I might be forced to kill you.  You do not strike me as the type of man who would like to die for such a trivial reason.”
idea. Then a few decades on a rack in Hell whilst he levels back up would encourage him to be a nicer person,” Meg suggested.
”Up and at ‘em, Alpha mine,” he snorted, then walked out of the room whistling, leaving Castiel to scramble to his feet and chase after him.
“I am somewhat confused also,” Castiel admitted politely. “I do not believe your explanation to be particularly helpful, Ashriel.”
Gordon, in his own way, was as predictable and dependable as Ellen.  His presence, whilst often unwelcome to Bobby, was as immutable.  Which was why it made no sense, whatsoever, why Gordon had abruptly disappeared from the game altogether.
Despite Castiel being certain he was the living antonym of ‘excitable’, his pleas to visit with her more often had fallen on deaf ears and so his already-woefully-lonely existence had become exponentially worse.
Dean was grateful for the warning. It gave him a moment to brace his arms against the headboard before Cas withdrew slowly and then flicked his hips forwards with a savagery that caused Dean to howl with shock as Cas’s cock powered back inside him with bruising force.
Then, significantly, Dean reached for the dictionary on the shelf behind Sam’s head and shoved it in his brother’s direction.  “Look it up.”
be Pack. Even if we have to start a whole new pack of our own. I swear this to you. Together, we can do this.”
“So what made you, and that fucker Rafe, think I’m one of these ‘Subplex’ guys?”he demanded gruffly, impatiently pushing his own odd feelings aside.
I…um…I may have a way to offer proof to you not only that the V.I.’s are real but that there is a significant justification for them to apply the Zeroth Law to this situation. However, I require a further 24 hours before I can provide it.”
“And Dad cleaned his act up. We rented a new house easy enough ‘cos my mom had a good job, so then Dad got himself a new job, quit the drinking and things were good for a while, you know? But it didn’t last. He kept falling off the wagon, going on a bender, getting possessed by the demon again, then sobering up and begging Mom to give him another chance and we rode that rollercoaster for years before Mom finally couldn’t take it anymore. She called it quits and took me and Sam to stay with her folks.
, which should be enough indication that I don’t lack imagination. However, like the majority of my colleagues, I base my decisions on
Still, maybe better if he could look the fucker in the eyes when he put a silver bullet in his black heart.
“And if it isn’t Crowley, it’s going to be one of the other Knights who wins,” Charlie continued, “or maybe two of them get to Rank 5 and neither of them becomes the overall winner and Amara survives and destroys everything and then ALL of the Knights die, plus anyone else playing in Moondoor at the time, and the only person left standing is YOU, Dean, because you logged out. Lucky old you.”
”But then I met John’s boys and I started to wonder whether the whole goddamned thing was fate after all. Maybe nature always tries to heal herself.  It took three hundred years but
Sam thought furiously, chasing snippets of information around his head like a dog rounding up a herd of truculent sheep, before saying, “You’re implying that Richard didn’t program his A.I. to play tic-tac-toe. He designed it to be a Chess master instead.”
like a villain instead of following through with her initial attack, but still, fortunately, before she moved to complete her treachery.
manage to send a tendril or two out. Might not. It’s like a maze in here. I keep thinking I’ve found an exit and then I hit a brick wall and have to backtrack again,” Gabriel grumbled.
“Of course I did,” the Reaper replied, remarkably kindly. “You were good though, Chuck.  I genuinely believed Cain was behind both her dismissal and her unfortunate apparent demise.  After all, Cain is responsible for all the other fatal ‘accidents’ suffered by people who accidentally got in his way. However, Mortimer was particularly fond of Ms. Middleton. He met her on a number of occasions when she visited to rummage through the Archive. He found her a very charming young lady. So it occurred to me to investigate the matter further and I discovered that it couldn’t have been Cain because, somehow, her direct communication to him had been
“After a fashion,” Castiel agreed. “Though that concept would depend upon your definition of life, would it not? If you accept that I, and Loki, and my other brethren are ‘alive’, then, yes, your mother is also alive.”
Charlie shook her head apologetically. “No, sorry, none of that information was in their profiles. On a positive note, I do know exactly where Lilith ported to. Bargu. So I think we should head there this afternoon before she moves on.”
Sam shook his head in frustration. “Love isn’t always about sex, Dean. Ash might not want to jump your bones but he damned well loves you. Obviously a bit too much if he’s encouraging you in this delusional shit. He’d probably cheerfully follow you off a cliff if you jumped first. But you know something? He clearly doesn’t love you
And that meant a Knight who killed enough other characters would end up with an infinite number of Soul Points and be thus able, presumably, to access a vast amount of demonic assistance. A really ruthless Knight of Hell would probably end up being the KING of Hell.
“I’m going to skip over the boringly repetitive details of how I insisted Richard changed his game to include Amara,” Woolfe said. “Not because I wish to avoid my culpability in the situation but because those details aren’t particularly germane.  Simply accept that despite Richard agreeing to create Amara before RRE was even incorporated, her design was a long and laborious process.  Therefore, the original beta was launched without her presence and it was several months
“It’s the ‘something’ that worries me,” Ash admitted, but he slung an arm over Dean’s shoulder and led him up the cellar steps. “Maybe our next priority should be getting you some pants.”
He sent her ahead of himself, deciding it would be far less suspicious if there were several hours between two different strangers arriving in Stangru’s main drinking and boarding house, a peculiarly English appearing pub called the ‘Slaughtered Lamb’.  Crowley liked the name and the décor, even though it was disappointing it was only a fake-English pub since they primarily stocked Bourbon rather than Scotch.
So the fact she hadn’t called 911 the moment Henry had suffered his final heart attack hadn’t been through any deliberate intent to ensure the EMP’s arrived too late to revive him.
world now, asshole, and there’s sure as shit nothing wrong with my legs here. So let’s cut the shit and either tell me why the fuck you think my
“Exactly, so let’s cut to the chase. It doesn’t look like you’re going to drop dead from shock after all, so let’s stop pussy-footing around. Castiel’s dead, so I’m afraid your ‘cure’ died with him.  He bought you a few extra weeks, perhaps, but ultimately the T-cells he failed to eradicate will continue to attack your healthy platelets and so your death is, sadly, very much back in the category of sooner rather than later. It is a shame that circumstances have changed so quickly that Castiel has been unable to complete his task.”
Jimmy’s expression of mild confusion eased into understanding.  “That makes sense. Traditionally, tattoos are associated with criminality. These markings are definitely reminiscent of gang tattoos,” Jimmy said thoughtfully. “Or perhaps those of the Russian mafia, although they wear a rose rather than religious symbolism so perhaps that’s not…” His voice trailed off and he winced again, glancing cautiously towards Dean for signs of irritation.
“I’m sure the family and friends of every serial killer throughout history have said the same thing,” Charlie muttered, then winced in anticipation of Dean’s reaction.
“Lots of girls do like pink,” Eileen agreed, as she cleared and stacked their dinner plates. “Like me. I love pink and I am sick of having to apologize for it to the feminist-Stazi.”
smell was suddenly souring, like a rich berry turning abruptly from lush sweetness as it suddenly spoiled into decay.
“Cool,” Ash said. “Then I have a different suggestion. Let's split up. You and Jimmy go to Hope Springs, whilst me and Charlie go to Edmond.”
“It’s like a form of ADHD,” Sam told the room, with a fangy grin.  “Short attention span. Dean doesn’t do well with boredom.”
"You didn't do anything wrong," Sam insisted. "Not even by Wolfkin rules. As an Omega, you can scent mark anyone you like. It's their problem, not yours."
And it was then, as he contemplated what to do next, that his S.I., an Artificial Lifeform Integrated System Traditional Automated Interface Relay, (but please, feel free to call me Alistair, it insisted), told him
said.  “Looks like you need to sit down, Tiger. Come on.  There’s a crappy coffee machine over by the car hire desk, let’s go sit and talk, huh? Looks like we both need caffeine and conversation.”
“All things considered, that makes her perfect for the role,” the Reaper replied. “I have reached the painful conclusion that two apex predator species can’t ever peacefully co-exist in one world if one of those species holds the balance of power. Whilst mutual co-operation is possible between entities of near equal strength, even if they are of different species, it seems evident now that a vast power imbalance between individuals of either species is doomed to end in destruction.”
He decided Rowena, for all her knowledge of science and magic, was probably not a reliable authority on matters of the heart.
Dean shrugged.  "Tell him to trust his wolf.  Or not.  It's the offer on the table.  I can't make him take it. But you could maybe point out there are a lot fewer lakes in Kansas. He might appreciate
Nearly half a ton of iron and glass, held by chains attached to three huge bolts drilled into the rafters.
.  Cain might take over an avatar that looks like me, but he’d wake up in someone else’s physical body when he logged out.”
”I’m using a brand new rig for the first time,” the guy replied, “and I thought it was incompatible with my avatar or something because I arrived in my last playing location as usual, the Central Citadel, but immediately received a whole stream of incomprehensible data on my interface and then the game glitched several times, my whole S.I. disappeared like it blew up and then I got zapped here somehow or other and now I have a weird
“It doesn’t matter whether they are or not,” Sam replied.  “Obviously, if there’s a way to just close down all the player accounts and leave Moondoor intact, I’ll happily make that decision. The digital guys can just sit on a server in a closed network and play harmlessly amongst themselves forever. I won’t turn the lights out on them unless there’s no other option.  But make no mistake, Charlie, if it comes down to me having to choose between saving human lives and digital ones, there’s no choice to be made.”
Castiel’s lip curled into a reluctant smile at his irrepressible brother. “I am well aware of Michael and Anael’s feelings. However, the ancient accords are clear that an Omega’s behavior cannot be held to account. Which is why none of you should have doubted me. Why I should not have allowed you to make me doubt myself. None but an Omega could have walked me out of that dungeon in clear view of Campbell’s pack. Even Samuel was unable to prevent the pup’s actions. In front of so many witnesses, he had no choice except to let me go. As much as I curse the stupidity of Omega superstitions, I owe my life to them.”
playing the role. Even when a sudden growth spurt gifted you with your current height and physique, it was still obvious to Cain that you lacked the aptitude to become a successful Knight of Hell.”
*** Calls himself Lucifer in-game. Guildmaster of the Cage Guild. You must have noticed his play-style.
“It’s a matter of semantics, not judgment, Gabriel. Historically, the term non-designate always referred to anyone who was neither Sub nor Prae. The fact that it has become acceptable in modern times to consider all fixed non-elective sexual variations to be legal ‘designations’ does not negate the fact that in reality there is an actual, distinct genetic difference that is only evidenced in genuine Subplex and Praevalen. Perhaps we should coin the phrase ‘semi-designate’ to cover biologically driven Submissives and Dominants to distinguish them from Null people who simply choose to identify in those ways.”
Her expression didn’t slip but there was a tiny glint in her eye as she cooly replied, “I try, James, but under the circumstances, it is extremely difficult to perceive them as anything other than the filthy unwashed masses.”
but also the collusion of every single individual who has claimed to have interacted with him recently. And although Roman had become rather reclusive over the last few years, he still had a lot of different visitors. Several of them prominent political figures. So, yeah, it’s a mess.”
Despite the cold, the discomfort of the hard ground, the unfamiliar pitch dark of night without the reflected light of a city and the disappointment of seeing the substantial - and possibly irreparable - damage to the house; damage that might mean the owner might call off the restoration completely, Dean’s first evening on Wethersfield was surprisingly pleasant.
“My first thought, before you came here and admitted the full extent of your idiocy, was that I could just hold the communication long enough to give you the chance to formally lodge your ownership with the court. Doing so will negate Hortlan’s claim entirely. Unfortunately, it will also send a flag to alert the Tsalun that Dean cannot leave the planet unless you accompany him. So if Dean is ever going to have a chance to get to Nova Sergiev, he has to pass through security
“Later,” the God muttered, gracefully sinking to his knees, opening his mouth and devouring Dean’s length inside wet heat.
Castiel looked startled and a little shocked.  “A betrothal isn’t an arranged mating. It’s an agreed
“Couple of hundred level fives at best,” Dean admitted. “I just don’t have the SP. I spent all my time trying to build up that fucking useless FP instead, didn’t I?” Then he paused, frowning as he thought furiously. “Hang on. It
“Possibly none,” Sam admitted. “But I’m struggling to work out who in this situation might be wearing a white hat. My inclination is to trust the information provided by Mr. Woolfe but it bothers me considerably that he failed to advise me of something so important.”
“But you should have told me. Why didn’t you tell me? It’s been weeks, Bobby. Weeks of me not knowing whether he’d even made it down to the equator alive and all the time you knew who he was, what he means to me. He’s my truemate. I deserved to know where he was. You should have told me.”
“Sadly they got all weird again about the Omega thing.  Apparently they didn’t object to the idea of throwing their damned
Dumah directed the Virtues to lay a circle of Holy Water in a thin trail that snaked a circle that roughly approximated the path of the buried salt-line that immediately surrounded the Central Plaza.
And then, in a blur of shadows cast by the overhead canopy of trees, the white wolf left the fading light of twilight behind and plunged into the forest, its breath rising like fog from its open mouth as, behind it, the thunder of the black wolf’s paws sounded a desperate charge.
them. He was too well outfitted to worry about getting bitten a few times. His Magician’s Cape alone offered him a 50% debuff against magical curses and because he was wearing a complete Mage outfit he also gained a Set bonus that raised his defences to a total of over 500%.
“Really?” The attorney drawled. “I find it unlikely that significant structural changes could have occurred in such a short amount of time since Ms. Harrison’s death.”
He gestured around them at the hundreds of animals and sprites and Demi-gods who were gathered watching them, seemingly devouring every word.  “They are being very patient. They are too polite to start without us,” Cas confided. “And though, honestly, they are primarily motivated by the fact I am the god of this spring equinox, they obviously all respect you too in this matter. Being the chosen beloved of a god is not a small thing.”
That was the main issue as far as the Faelchu were concerned. Dean’s lack of ability to shift from human form into wolf set him apart from his pack far more than his lack of presentation.  Having no secondary gender was considered aberrant but was not unique. Every pack had one or two Wolfkin who, for one reason or other, lacked a second gender. They were usually referred to as Theta although the term was not a true sub gender but rather the indicator of a
“About anything,” she offered, but her expression was calculating, her eyes a little too bird-like. Dark, inquisitive, knowing and… not quite fully human.
“I will transport you to a medical facility immediately,” Cas announced, stepping forward with such purpose that he ignored Dean’s automatic flinch completely this time.
“Yeah, I could knock up a couple of rigs that would only give us about 30% reality perception,” Ash agreed.
been a stray, but had actually been an animatronic ‘werewolf’ that the owners of the Hunter Mountain resort had decided to beta-test on some unsuspecting customers. The denials of the owners were
“RRE know dad is self-aware. They know he created me and my brethren. They also know that the majority of NPC’s here have developed to a level that allows self-determination. A level that means they are as
“True,” Charlie agreed, with an apologetic grimace towards Dean. “Our assumptions have been totally skewed by what Dean and Jimmy have said about their interactions with their S.I.’s and both Dean and Jimmy are using the Gen 9 tanks.  But, that having been said, I’m a programmer and I know what in-game NPC’s should act like and the behaviors of characters like Meg and Castiel and Ellen are well beyond any level of coding that I’m aware of. Then there’s the Koi incident which is as weird as fuck in anyone’s book. Add that to the fact RRE tried to kill me and I’m tending to go with my gut instinct on this one. Sure, Dean might be insane, sorry Dean, but I’m still going to hitch my wagon to his regardless until I have proof one way or the other.”
Deans hands were clutching at his shoulders, eyes half-closed, his head tilted back in a moan of pleasure, as Cas thanked his ancestors for the Alpha strength that allowed him to rise to his feet in a flowing, powerful wave even as his teeth shredded the last of the lace from Dean’s crotch.
The stone howled in anguish like the low bellow of a wounded beast, a crack racing through the soot-blackened stone like a jagged tear, and even before the low rumble of thunder followed the lightning, the stones began to tumble in an avalanche and the whole wall swayed in the wind and then began to fall almost in slow motion. A sliding collapse of tons of ancient stone.
But you can’t refuse to log-in. You MUST advise Dean of this. He cannot continue in ignorance. He cannot be allowed to ever believe that turning Moondoor ‘off’ could be an acceptable solution,” Castiel demanded urgently.
“Whatever bitter people say in retrospect, it was not Johannes’ fault he didn’t fulfill his destiny,” Bobby said, with a glare at Rufus. “Because no one knew what was coming. No one wanted to leave here and so none argued when he denied the burden of his destiny because he had a new mate and a young pup to protect. He feared for their survival on such a quest and he believed that Maré’s destiny had overwritten his own. By choosing him as her truemate, he believed she had rewritten his song.
“I have noticed,” Castiel agreed dryly. “But, yes, I agree it seems improbable that Crowley was aware of what happened tonight. It certainly would be inadvisable for you to return within Alastair’s sphere of influence until Crowley is advised of what has happened. Perhaps, if you would not consider the offer too bold, I might suggest a solution?”
They were ‘family’ though, Bobby insisted. Bound together with tethers far more intricate and precious than blood. A family of choice rather than circumstance.
Sure enough, the moment he was on dry land something burst out of the trees to his right and barrelled towards him with a high pitched howl of fury.
It was already colder in the open seas than he was used to. Despite the climate reputedly becoming warmer the further south he traveled, the odd degree of overall temperature rise at the surface was more than negated by the chill caused by the unfamiliar depth of the water he was traversing. Although he knew from Rowena’s books that Mer could theoretically adapt to survive in any temperature of habitat, there was still a necessity to gradually acclimatize to change. The sea was so much deeper here, towards the true Ocean, than it was in the sheltered area where Atlan nestled between the two shorelines of nearby temperate continents.
“I already have,” Gabriel countered. “I went there this lunchtime and ran a scan on the Polilla. He’s not a fake. The only surprising thing about the result was that the kid wasn’t judged worthy of being trained as a Mariposa. The Earthers must have set the bar exceptionally high, because according to my scanner he reads only fractionally lower than 100% Subplex and even that could just be down to a calibration issue with my scanner.”
“So I’ve come up with three potential independent planets,” Gabriel said, as they sat in Infernum together, waiting for Dey’n’s shift to end so that Castiel could escort him home. “There are more, obviously, but logistically I have to consider the ability to reach them alongside their actual suitability. They’ll all work but each has pros and cons.  Nicazimerre is possibly
willing to believe that someone had deliberately murdered the Night Watchman to add credence to the scenario.
Dean found Sam’s apologetic posture confusing, confounding and altogether so out of character that he decided he simply didn’t have the energy to try to figure it out.  Maybe he was dreaming this whole thing. Maybe he was still lying in the hallway outside the laundry room, bleeding out.
“And Benny is not a bad man. He’s behaving rather badly, but not out of deliberate malice. Benny has an ex-wife who left him. And he swears over and over that he’ll never forgive her but every now and then she gets herself in some scrape or other and Benny drops everything and runs off to help her out because no matter how hurt he is, he still loves her. And every time he eventually comes back here with his tail between his legs, all heartbroken because she’s kicked him out again. So he picks up where he left off with Dean, and he makes promises that I believe he means at the time, but then Andrea calls him and he does the whole thing all over again. Yet he implies to other people that it is Dean who is unwilling to commit to a monogamous relationship.”
“Oh, yeah,” Charlie agreed. “Even I only have a Gen Seven and I’m one of RRE’s top devs. The kind of rig they are offering will retail at over 80k after the Beta.”
“You’ve lost me,” Dean admitted. “I thought you said Mariposa and Polilla are all really this Subplex designation. So since Earth comparatively has loads of Subplex wouldn’t that make it
“Which neatly brings me back to Infernum,” Gabriel said smoothly. “Crowley’s got a new hire. A stunning Polilla. Genetically human. He’s an actual Earther apparently. And, although as a rule I’ve honestly never really seen the appeal of humans, this particular Polilla is, honestly, the most gorgeous thing I have ever laid eyes on.”
who is actually a surprisingly nice lady in her own way and definitely not a ‘bitch ‘, has not said he can’t come here. She’s just asked him not to come
Fortunately, though, he was immediately distracted by two important facts.  Firstly, Ash wasn’t sitting at the table with the others despite his habit of usually arriving in plenty of time to eat breakfast with them all. Secondly, and even more alarmingly, Sam was sitting on Meg’s lap, his backside on her crotch, his belly sprawled down her thighs, doing the whole ‘biscuit’ thing with his front paws with a look of smug bliss on his furry face while her hands were constantly stroking over his head and back with a far too intimate amount of touch.
The whole thing took less than 22 seconds (Dean knew, because he was timing it) before a ginger cannonball erupted out of the front door, followed shortly by a disheveled werewolf and then, perhaps 10 seconds later, the entire fourteen of Lilith’s demonic ‘protectors’ charged out of the door in hot pursuit.
“True,” Sam agreed, “but if we go through customs separately, not acknowledging we know each other, then they are going to have to decide which one of us is the most likely suspect. They don’t just stop
It’s going to take a few days to locate one but I’d rather wait for the Apple than get another Blackberry.  I’m sure I’m missing the opportunity to make a pie-joke here.
set her up. Jimmy had never been intended to emerge from that Gen 8 tank alive. Well, not unless the person emerging from that tank wasn’t Jimmy at all.
And the thing about werewolves was… well… they didn’t look any different to any other NPC until they actually wolfed-out.
Her wife, who was of a species a Dean was totally unfamiliar with - and he decided it would be rude to ask - sighed and shrugged.  “Possibly,” she allowed.  “In a few years, when they inevitably start reproducing, they’ll need a teacher there. Plus, by then you might have earned enough to pay his settlement fee yourself. The initial surveys suggest the planet is incredibly rich in valuable minerals. It’s just a case of finding a way to extract them without creating an environmental disaster.”
“So, um, exactly how illegal is this collection?” Dey’n asked, waving at the books haphazardly stacked around the room.
“I prefer you to have the option to come and go as you wish,” Castiel explained as Dey’n walked inside only to come to an abrupt halt as he took in his immediate surroundings. “For instance, you may wish to flee immediately,” Castiel commented dryly, as he saw the look of shocked surprise on Dey’n’s face.
Who would have ever thought that Moondoor would work as an interactive porn interface?  Suddenly Charlie’s comment about game chicks digging her tits took on a new and all more interesting connotation.
Crate after crate had been unloaded from a private aircraft, and driven up from Newbugh to Poughkeepsie in two large trucks.  The value of the contents could probably have purchased a small country.  Castiel had a sinking feeling Gan would be horrified to receive even a single one of the priceless heirlooms.
“Like I’ve said before, Sam is ‘good people’. He will always make a decision based on what is best for the majority. But he’s dogmatic. He’ll decide what he believes is ‘right’ and he’ll pursue achieving it with a dogged, unswerving persistence. He’ll prioritise that goal over any selfish desires.  He’ll sacrifice his own life if necessary and never even hesitate about that cost. He’ll jump head first into danger, not caring about the consequences, to do whatever he believes is the ‘right thing’.”
it and the sounds of the raging fire, with its attendant crashing timbers and collapsing walls, easily masked the sound of the cherry picker being lowered for Sam to climb aboard and then raised again until he was next to the third window to the left of the centre of the building.
”Sure there is,” Dean argued. “Big guy. Bald. Bad knees. He interviewed me when I first got the job.”
Dean had fled New Orleans as soon as he’d recast his thrall on O’Toole.  He was terrified Sam’s control over his fear would snap and he would hunt the Galla down and kill him the moment Dean turned his back.  The whole time he’d been handling the Galla, Sam had been hovering in the background like a dark wraith. Shivering and trembling with the urge to simply shift and tear the human’s throat out. He’d flitted around the edges of the room like a vengeful spirit, lurking in the shadows, and if not for Dean’s earlier barked order to submit, Sam would undoubtedly have snapped.
It probably would have surprised Castiel to know that Dean was feeling just as nervous about the road trip as he was.
Deeper and deeper he soared downwards, cutting through the water like an arrow, until the pressure against his eardrums felt like a vice grabbing his head and squeezing, as hundreds of tail-lengths of water pressure crushed against his flesh like a pressing weight determined to simply squash him as flat as a Ray.
”What happened?” Gabriel demanded, as Castiel dropped his phone from nerveless fingers and just sat there, in the conference room of the New York Pack House, his cheeks slightly flushed, his eyes sparking red fireworks deep inside the blue, like an underwater volcano erupting beneath tempestuous waves.
Since Ash was usually paranoid enough for the both of them, Dean shrugged and signed his own copy when Charlie passed it over.
”RUN,” he howled at the white wolf, shifting even as he yelled, leaping forward and landing on four paws, racing after the white wolf that was slaloming through tumbling rocks, its body twisting and corkscrewing as stones fell around it, before it, behind it, yelping as one stone fell like a fist against its lower back, tumbling it off its feet.
He strapped and stashed the kit, shuddering as the faint scent of silver hit the back of his throat and caused him to gag, slipped the magazines and cartridges into an x-shaped ammo belt that made him look like some ridiculous extra from The Magnificent Seven, then trotted towards the gate in a low, zig-zagging motion, hyper aware he could be in the sights of any number of concealed snipers.
“You are correct,” Castiel agreed. “Dean The Righteous does not have the same relationship with his currently seeded V.I.  You are also correct that most people find the experience of merging to be disconcerting and even distasteful. You, however, do not appear to be overtly distressed. Despite your verbal admonishments and your emotional protestations, your adrenaline levels have not fluctuated since your reluctant acceptance that I am real. Except for your initial alarm, you have displayed no adverse physical reactions to my presence. You are angry, yes, but you do not feel violated by my existence. In fact, I believe the only reason for your initial distress was your fear I was evidence of mental instability in yourself. You do not appear to have a fundamental anathema to the idea of hosting my consciousness.”
He made the decision that the next Wolfkin who spoke to him in Cajun French was getting a bullet through his eyes.
“I’m gonna be totally honest here and admit I’m not that hot on terminology, so maybe I’m wrong, but I’m assuming you mean you never felt any sexual attraction to anyone but you assumed that was just because you hadn’t made an emotional or romantic attachment at that point?”
Both Sam and Frank rolled their eyes at him, then returned to glaring at each other as Sam’s irresistible force hit Frank’s immovable object.
Which was nonsense anyway, since nudity would be a stupid taboo for shapeshifters, but obviously the sexual tension between them cast his actions in a totally different light.
“Suck it up,” she smirked. “Though, speaking of pretty things, Dean, now that Cas has developed a peculiar pie habit, do I take it that the rules of engagement between the pair of you have changed for the better?”
“Now you get it,” Loki smirked, with a wolfish grin. “We like you, Deano. Even Kali tolerates you and, believe me, that is not a small achievement on your part.  You are welcomed here. Wanted here. This is a place filled with beings who know you to the depths of your soul and yet still desire your companionship, your presence. Stay here and we promise you will never again feel that no-one cares whether you stay or go. Just as Katherine finally found a home here, a
Castiel chuckled. “I actually know the answer to that one. It’s simply down to a mistranslation.  Nathaniel Campbell named the estate
He decided to go for speed and increased security over discretion. It was faster to walk down the central part of the alley, where the rough cobbles weren’t disturbed by drain holes that would slow his pace and put him at risk of turning an ankle.
“Because in this way, small as it is, I can give you a degree of power over me,” Castiel explained simply. “I do not know that you disseminating this information will truly bring harm to me. I suspect it would result in the destruction of these books, however, and they are greatly precious to me.  I feel it is important, given the unfair and immoral disparity between our status within society, that it is crucial for you to have a genuine way in which to balance the power difference between us. If nothing else, this knowledge will ensure that you feel safe to remain here even should you choose not to even offer me a modicum of friendship, let alone any other perceived obligation which definitely does not exist.”
Even so, he expected he would return on another occasion to peruse the bookshelves inside in search of gems long out-of-print. To his personal shame, Castiel had given into the convenience of Kindle for new book purchases, loving the fact he could adjust the font size instead of depending on his reading glasses when his eyes were tired. But there was nothing like the feel and smell of a real book.
The idea of her suffering a few days of the death debuff when she returned to the game was less satisfying than the idea of her having to actually swim out of a lake, but Victor still felt rather pleased with the outcome.
“After you,” he said, politely, when the elevator arrived at its destination and the door slid silently open to reveal the vast lobby area.
The Betas fell over themselves explaining, their postures fawning and submissive and, honestly, even more sickening than Samuel’s glowering if impotent fury.
“So you say, little brother,” Luke agreed. “Yet, surely that depends upon the identity of the human.”
Also on the right side of the rig there was a large cabinet-type box, again connected by fat wiring.  This, he’d been told, held fluids such as saline, so that the rig could automatically rehydrate him whilst playing. The lower part of the cabinet was for ‘eliminations’. Apparently he didn’t even need to leave the rig to take a piss.  Contractors would keep the cabinet serviced on a regular basis, just letting themselves in whenever a remote signal alerted them. When he’d offered a spare key for that purpose, the rig installer had just smirked and said it ‘wasn’t necessary’.
.  If he had ever experienced any form of Eros before, perhaps he would be less able to adjust to the idea that Dean’s affection for he, Jimmy, was never going to be as all-encompassing as his feelings for Castiel.  Perhaps, then, his own emotions towards Dean were Agape after all. Unconditional love.  Because he had no feelings of resentment over the idea that he was only the host body by which Castiel and Dean could experience a physical manifestation of their undoubted Eros.
Castiel frowned, uncertain whether the man was threatening him or flirting with him. Either seemed equally likely. There was no mistaking the deliberate leering innuendoes and yet the man’s eyes were flinty and his voice was a dangerous, if seductive, growl.
Crowley discarded his fancy avatar and replaced it with a bespoke one that looked so realistic that anyone who knew him in RL would recognize him instantly in-game.  He threw away almost all of his fancy weapons and spells, lowering his character level to an unthreatening mid-range, then he proceeded to act as a kindly, friendly mentor-type to new, enthusiastic, athletic but
“And no-one has any idea at all, until some wit suggests letting the Mariposa choose for himself. It’s a joke, of course, since everyone knows Mariposa have no opinions until someone provides them with one. So no one expects the boy to make a decision at all, let alone to choose that he wants to study science. And, of course, there is much wailing and gnashing of teeth at the Academy as it finally occurs to them that… perhaps… the perfect little Mariposa is not actually the perfect, obedient little doll he has always pretended to be.
As the monstrous beast started to lumber towards him, a huge club in its hand that was literally bigger than Dean’s whole body, Dean decided the V.I. wasn’t wrong.
“Both Robert and I have told him the same thing,” Mortimer Blake interrupted. “But he didn’t listen to us.”
“I thought you’d struggle to get hold of her,” Ash said. “She’s doing a load of prep-work for the Oz game so I wouldn’t be surprised if she pulls a couple of all-nighters. The Devs at RRE tend to live and breathe the games pre-launch. She might not even get home to catch your message before the weekend.”
Again, like the Papal Conclave, that decision was swiftly overturned by a death. Not of the Chinese Alpha of All, but of the Tibetan one. The mating of Gyalchok Drapka to Dubravka Zuvić gifted the European Wolves access to Tibet, territory always previously considered part of the Volkrod’s Greater Domain. Karl Krushnic, Alpha Heir of the Volkrod, responded with extreme prejudice to the idea of his inheritance being carved up like a pie and threatened to respond by annexing Croatia back under direct Volkrod control in order to also keep Tibet.
“No,” Dean replied firmly. “I’ll wear any outfit you like. I don’t have a problem with showing my body. But I won’t wear a Mariposa brand, temporary or not.”
And that decided, she didn’t hang around navel gazing. She grabbed her bag and left her apartment without a backwards glance at its nearly empty interior now that her immersion rig had been rudely removed, leaving nothing behind except the sprawled entrails of disconnected tubes and electrics.
“I don’t do it. I am a respectable, responsible, Tenured Professor,” Castiel said, with a repressive frown. Then his eyes twinkled again as he said, “If anyone says otherwise, my friend Gabriel in particular, they are to be considered highly unreliable sources of information and ignored completely.”
records, I was looking for any evidence of payments between REE and the Center. Bingo.  They’ve been paying the residence fees there for an
Which he clearly did, since he turned to face Dean with a glower and rumbled, “You should show me some respect,” in a voice that literally caused the ground under their feet to crack and shift.
prefer dogs but that’s more a personal taste kind of thing, not a judgment. Each to their own, and all that.  Here’s the room. It’s small.”
“Woah, bummer for her,” Ash said. “Still, makes it easier to deal with Dagon, doesn’t it? I mean, realistically, she’s dead
It was that, as much as the pounding of his own heart as panic began to rise in his chest at the man’s refusal to simply leave, that caused Castiel to yank the door open wide once more and growl, “I did not harm you and even if I had it would be your fault anyway because you are not welcome and you should just go. Now. Go now. Good bye.”
“I’ll head back then and find Sam. Hopefully he’s escaped the Drug Enforcement guys by now,” Charlie said brightly.
“Well, despite your touching lack of concern for my health and wellbeing, again we’re back to not letting him kill me,” Crowley drawled. “I’ve got to say I don’t really have an issue with that plan.”
And the fact that vengeance involved the satisfaction of destroying one of Mother Mary’s favored sons was just icing on the cake.
Contemplating Gabriel’s well-meant but frequently irritating interference in his own life, Castiel could only nod in dumb agreement. The idea of permanently living next-door to Gabriel was vaguely horrifying. Gabriel’s constant demand for attention, for Castiel’s active participation in conversation, was exhausting. Although he’d be lost without his brother’s support, he had also felt inordinately relieved to drop him off at the airport.
had been to attempt to log right back out again.  It was instinct, second nature, to hit an unexpected crisis and immediately search for a way out.
when the Queen of Darkness was finally introduced into Moondoor. Approximately three weeks after her addition, the entire program began to deteriorate until it had more holes within its structure than Swiss cheese. Amara was literally eating up huge bites of the original coding. I believe it was your mother who said that it was like watching a huge PacMan eating its way through Moondoor’s base code.
Charlie interrupted his musing with a sigh. “The agricultural operations on Tsaluna are almost exclusively automated. The few remaining manual positions are filled by Tsalun who, forgive me, are far more biologically suited to tasks requiring physical strength and all managerial and research positions are filled by Qui.  Your human qualifications will not count for much with any of the Tsalunniqui. Their intellectual snobbery does not allow for the consideration of the educational facilities on any of the Young-World planets as having any discernible value,” she pointed out apologetically.  “It perhaps isn’t too late for you to rejoin the crew of the L’Astrolabe. They aren’t departing until tomorrow morning.  You should give the idea some serious consideration. I believe your skill set would be far more appreciated in a world such as Vantixian.”
Well, that or he’d been wrong about assuming it took more than one use of the prototype tanks to cause insanity. Still, hallucination or not Sam still had the distinct feeling he needed to let this play out for him to have any chance of waking up again.
Not that ‘guilt’ was an emotion Loki was familiar with anyway. Despite being in many ways a unique personality, his chip had not fallen particularly far from Gabriel’s block.
”Fair point,” Gabriel agreed. “Which is interesting, sure, but still not hugely relevant in the grand scheme of things. I mean maybe most of your Alpha assholery is learned behavior but it’s institutional anyway. You behave the way you do because our society
how she’d imagined. She’d heard Castiel describe Gan as smelling like magnolias floating in a sea of champagne.  But Sam’s scent, whilst definitely floral, reminded her more of a Hawaiian Luau. Maybe because she was human.
Why the fuck hadn’t Nick just taken the goddamned pills instead of taking a swandive out of a fourth floor apartment window?
A scent that seemed to enchant Sam enough that Samuel’s own attempts to weave Alpha thrall into his voice commands drew nothing but whimpering resistance from the youngster. Ears flat against his head, fur raised in hackles -  although Sam whined with distress at his inability to comply with his Alpha’s demands to stand down and allow him passage - still Sam stood his ground and blocked the doorway with snarls and growls. Nothing less than an actual physical attack would grant the older Alpha entrance until Sam calmed down and Samuel had enough problems already without physically assaulting his own heir.
“Yeah, well that’s what happens when some shit-for-brains ponces in hurling accusations at my brother.”
“Then, if that degrading horror were not enough suffering, the little Mariposa had to consent to be permanently sterilized for his ‘own good’, to ensure he was never acquired for breeding purposes by any unscrupulous people, because the Federation are extremely diligent about protecting Mariposa from cruel exploitation. Well, let’s be honest, protecting them against any cruel exploitation that the Federation does not instigate or profit from itself.  However, the important point is that, finally, the Mariposa had his tattoo removed.
Castiel stared morosely, not at the space that Chuck had vacated but the one where Jimmy had been standing before logging out. He wondered whether Jimmy had survived his journey home.  Had the violent deletion of C.H.U.C.K.’s code from his avatar harmed his physical body? Had it caused damage to his heart in the same way as Chuck had worried Castiel’s deletion would have harmed Jimmy?
“Barely effective at all, in any ordinarily useful way, which is why they were never released to the public,” Gabriel said. “They have absolutely no effect on a biological Dominant’s strength, nature or abilities unless used extensively during puberty and no-one would authorize that kind of testing on children who were genetically predisposed to become important members of society.  Apparently the mandate to screw with kids is only considered acceptable in the case of Subplex.  In adult test subjects, who have already developed learned behaviours, all the blockers do is dampen the adrenergic receptors.  You’ll perhaps feel less likely to allow your instincts to overwhelm your logical reasoning, feel a little more ‘mellow’ perhaps, but the effects simply aren’t strong enough to change your actual behavior. Where they do have a dramatic effect, one previously considered totally counterproductive, is that they suppress the chemical indicators of your designation. In other words, they hardly affect your behaviour but they sure as hell affect everybody else’s.”
Although they were quiet once more, the silence was no longer awkward. it was still tense, but now the tension was speculative.  Sly sideways glances, stolen looks, occasional fleeting smiles.
”I just don’t think it’s me,” Sam protested. And this time it wasn’t the price tag he was referring to. Although he could see the point of having a nice suit or two for special occasions, he didn’t want to permanently dress like the average Wolfkin in their solemn suits. Yes, the Tom Ford was a world apart from the suits most of the Pack wore, far closer to the style of Gabriel (which was something Sam admired) but Sam liked colourful, vibrant clothes far more than formal attire.
Bobby shrugged. “Surprisingly easy. Turns out hospitals don’t look too close at paperwork when you’re offerin’ to relieve them of the financial burden of a brain-dead patient tying up one of their life support beds. Tricked up a private ‘ambulance’, hired a couple of guys to play ‘nurse’, got Emmett back to my place and into the rig.”
his own place in it.  He obviously couldn’t learn anything about what it meant to be Wolfkin. He couldn’t learn what it meant to be Omega because the humans had no secondary genders at all.  However, he could learn what it meant to be intersex because that wasn’t unknown in non-shifting people either.
“Oh, fuck it,” Dean muttered ungraciously. “Just show me whatever the fuck is so important, already.”
During the six hours it took Dean to ride from the Roadhouse to Darkwater, he encountered and killed 12 Mastadoons.  That sounded impressive in his head, but the reality was that they were all level one NPC’s and killing them had been the game equivalent of slaughtering cattle in a chute. None had even been programmed with enough intelligence to sense danger even if they were grazing right alongside another beast that Dean attacked. They just placidly continued to chew cud whilst waiting their turn to be slaughtered.
He was surprised to understand the fish. It was rare for a creature so small to have a language complex enough to enable Mer translation. He was more surprised to hear it claim truemate status.
Dean shook his head stubbornly. “Nope.  Because it’s not like he’ll be on a plane the day after Thanksgiving anyway, is it? She’s still got to figure out the whole logistics to prevent every pap in America arriving hot on his tail.  Makes more sense for me to go to him, doesn’t it? I bet the Novaks have one fuck of a big Turkey. Plenty to go around. They’re hardly going to notice an extra mouth at the table.  He’d probably have suggested it himself if he knew I was mobile.”
By the time Dean had managed to clear up the evidence... which had involved thralling eight kids and two teachers, Frank had already moved all of their belongings into a huge R.V. which, somehow, he had always had prepared ready for them to run if they needed to.
Benny just shrugged easily and offered an unapologetic grin at his Pakhan. "Never said it was wrong, but it's sure as hell not
He pressed the button marked LB, because the lower basement was where the Firm archived all of its paperwork, including non-current case files.
Not having to log a minimum number of billable hours meant that Sam wasn’t tied down to being at his desk during office hours. He wouldn’t even need to manufacture off-site appointments to justify any side-excursions. So even if the older man apparently believed the information he had provided during the conversation had been sufficient to wipe his own hands of the matter, he was indirectly offering assistance anyway. By removing him from the billables structure, Woolfe had effectively gifted Sam with carte blanche to do whatever he needed to do to deal with the RRE situation.
Meg was a Deltazoid from Falterine, a planet several hundred light years inside the Horsehead Nebula. She was humanoid in appearance, save for her prehensile tail, sharp teeth and the cap of soft, short downy fur that covered her head in place of hair. Since she wore an outfit not dissimilar to his own, it was obvious that the short fur covered a large proportion of her lower body too, in a way reminiscent of a satyr.
“Well, that’s only going to be a problem if any of the other Knights read that post before getting trapped in the game. Odds are low any of them picked up on the significance of his co-ordinates anyway,” Ash considered.
“Jeez,” Dean muttered, beginning to think he should have listened to Rufus.  All he could hope was that the Qui were a little more communicative than the Tsalun were, or his decision to disembark on Tsaluna was rapidly looking like the biggest mistake he’d ever made. Which, considering the whole Michael debacle, was saying a lot.
Dean sighed and gave in. She had a point. Besides, the pants would at least protect his inner thighs from Baby's scales. Considering the vast height difference between their two avatars, it was fortunate clothes always emerged from a player’s inventory in the appropriate size. Charlie's diminutive outfit would miraculously resize itself to Dean's frame as soon as he took ownership of it.
”Then Omegas are like Alphas,” Gabriel suggested easily. “They obviously carry the same strain of the virus and so don’t need an Alpha bite any more than any Alpha does. That makes total sense. Omegas aren’t intersex Betas. They are fundamentally, intersex Alphas. Although...” and he paused for thought before saying, “Given the homogeneous reproduction demonstrated by the Winchester Omega Line, maybe Omegas carry a totally different
“You won’t stand a chance against him as a level 200,” Charlie pointed out. “Besides, you won’t have to fight him at all. Add yourself to the war party and Dean will handle Cain by himself.”
“My apartment,” Ash said, slowly as though talking to an idiot. “You know... the place where I live...”
Jody winced. “We, um, thought we’d set them both straight weeks ago. We all got confused by all the confusion and we all thought we knew what was going on and by the time we realized we were wrong we’d all kinda made the situation worse rather than better.”
of a pack having an Alpha is that without an Alpha bite  Betas turn feral. But the Alpha bite is like any other kind of inoculation. It needs to be renewed at least every ten years or so. Without
And whilst Dean was coming to the rapid and sinking certainty that he’d been a fool to come to Wethersfield at all, he wasn’t an
world, and I bet my bottom dollar he’d clue in pretty damned quickly because sex is, well, cool. But, under the circumstances, I don’t see how he will
Less than ten minutes after the RRE goons had eviscerated her apartment and her life, Charlie stormed out of the building with her normal impetuosity, her head high, in a determined search for answers and she hailed down a cab to take her to the airport.
Their mother, Neomin, had sent the delegation with the entire personal contents of his Babushka’s гнездо as a dowry gift for Gan. (Embarrassingly enough, she had included a note to Castiel stating that  - considering his personality - she thought he probably needed all the help he could get if he wanted to impress an actual Omega. It was particularly hurtful because Castiel was becoming increasingly convinced she was right.)
Castiel was stunned into inaction.  He just stood there, arms dangling, mouth not responding, as he struggled to compute what was happening.  It took him a few seconds to code a response, to shuffle through Jimmy’s old memories to understand he was supposed to raise his own arms and hug back, was supposed to press his lips forwards in welcome rather than simply freeze like a manikin.
The effects of solar radiation and xenobiotic corruption, coupled with interbreeding between the few genetically compatible species, meant that original genetic purity was evidenced in less than 0.000000025% of any native population.  Out of the 12 billion humans who lived on or originated from Earth, less than 300 were Mariposa. Perhaps twice as many again were Polilla  To the best of his knowledge, that figure was still almost four times higher than was true for most species. For the Old Races, such as the Qui, who had existed for millennia longer than the young races, the number of living Mariposa within their own species could be counted on one hand.
“Tell me about it,” Charlie sighed.  “I can’t believe how many stupid mistakes I made today because this body just won’t move the way my mind expects it to.  Between having dropped 30 character levels and losing my immersion tank, it’s a real learning curve. Damn, I miss my bespoke avatar.”
doesn’t have a problem with me, stands to reason the rest of the Volkrod will follow suit. It’s kinda embarrassing but, yeah, I think they built up this idea I was some super scary bad-ass Alpha, only now they’ve met me... well, turns out the big bad scary bad-ass Alpha was always
Considering Cas was supposed to have super Alpha senses, or some similar shit, he definitely seemed incapable of multitasking because Dean proceeded to swipe a second handful of fries without a problem.
“Word, brother,” the vampire agreed, reaching down and offering Dean a hand up. “I’ve been stuck in this damned hell-hole ever since because my face doesn’t fit any more. All you fucking immigrants stick in my craw. Coming over here, expecting US guys to change to fit in with your preconceptions of reality.”
“I’m telling you,” Charlie snorted. “This whole damned situation is like a progression of every bad superhero trope in existence.  We have Dean playing Batman, with his whole ‘thou shalt not kill’ ethos. And we have Cain with his ‘Joker Immunity’ until, oh, noes, he crosses the ‘Moral Event Horizon’ by threatening the ‘Bus Full of Innocents’, so Dean throws off his hero mantle in a cold rush of unrelenting cynicism and becomes the Woobie, Destroyer of Worlds.”
“The reset isn’t until tonight. How do you know he won’t log out again before then?” Sam asked curiously, as the other two men started arguing whether Richard Roman would  ‘die’ immediately or be artificially maintained by the tank environment for a while.
Sam. So the Faelchu Betas wanted to chase after O’Toole and their four-legged fleetness would probably easily catch up with a man crawling on his hands and knees whilst dragging a child. And, even if they didn’t actually catch him themselves, they would still tell the Volkrod that Sam had escaped. So the Volkrod demons  would know to chase after him.
Impulsively, Dean reached out and grasped Jimmy’s right forearm tightly.  “Then I’ll make you a promise too,” he said. “If you tell me your secret tomorrow, I will tell you mine.”
, some privacy for this particular moment but, really, we don’t have time for any of this right now.  I’ve got to let
him to.  I just prefer to leave my options open for a little while longer. I’ve had to adapt to reality. I don’t know why my employees haven’t found Sam yet. How the fuck could someone
So the Novians hadn’t done anything wrong. They hadn’t meant to make him feel bad. Maybe you actually had to live as a Mariposa to understand why Dean had reacted the way he had. It was probably a form of PTSD. It was probably something he would never completely recover from. He would probably spend the entirety of his life finding threats where they didn’t exist, suffering the pain of slights not meant and fearing that every smile of a stranger hid contempt.
“Richard left here looking like a terrified little boy,” Woolfe answered. “Confused, hurt, frightened. I obviously didn’t know
He cautiously slipped into the deeper shadows behind the sarcophagus, his hand reaching for the handle of his SR1 Viktor and he withdrew it smoothly from his shoulder holster.
“And, of course,” Jimmy continued. “Chuck’s actions meant I was unable to keep my solemn promise to you. That was also a source of considerable distress to me.  I could only
”I confess I feel uncomfortable about the consumption of canines,” he admitted ruefully, starting at the food item with obvious distaste.
planning on Cas here simply smiting you, before we go and take out your minions since they’d be left in chaos by your absense. But now I’m thinking about a different
“I’m a Delt,” she reminded him, a little bitterly. “My gender and designation are totally fluid depending on whatever offer is on the table. But I happily play sub for Gabriel’s little dommish fantasies whenever he has a little cash to burn. I just wish he had the means to offer me some permanent security. I never thought I’d ever want a collar, but I’d wear
At least Belize was warm enough that his lack of a coat or jacket wasn’t an issue, even at this hour of the morning. He would probably have to wait six or more hours before the law firm was open and, well, that made him wonder, naturally, why Mortimer had insisted on him leaving immediately.  The way he figured it, he could have caught a  plane to Houston early Thursday morning and still have arrived in Belize by mid to late morning at the latest. It seemed ludicrous that he had rushed to the country so quickly only to then be stuck waiting idly for so long.
“Oh, forgive me. I know Dean is your brother-in-law and I do realize he is the official events organiser, but I am not quite as oblivious as you imagine. I know for instance that it is Dexter who requested Stephen King’s involvement in the Festival, which is the primary reason this tiny event has snowballed into something quite remarkable.”
In the area between the two buried salt-lines, Sam was racing like a dervish, running back and forth across the dusty floor in a blur of golden light. Crisscrossing the yard until the whole area was lit by a glowing grid of intersecting lines that formed a vast ‘net’ of angelic power.
“He’ll succeed,” Dean spat. “Because as much as I think he’s an asshole who probably deserves it, I’m not killing
Sam nodded thoughtfully. “Okay, so you’re saying that Richard needed an A.I. as powerful as that ‘Reaper’ character to shut Amara down but his previous experience had proven to him that any A.I.
things still needed to be resolved. Conversations would need to take place. Arguments would happen. Sam’s safety would need to be established. Dean’s
Then again, your attempts to destroy Cain are just further proof of your inability to share your toys, aren’t they?
“Ow,” he said as his shoulder blades hit a pile of stacked packs, sending them tumbling to the floor, and then he landed on top of them with a grunt with Dean’s weight pressed down on top of him.
Sue-Beth was pretty certain none of those renters were visiting the same kind of virtual world that she herself frequented.  Quite apart from anything else, it was rare the renters utilized the tanks for more than 30 or 40 minutes maximum before they re-emerged from the booths, fully satisfied. Which meant, of course, that the rigs were frequently left fully powered but vacant for 20-30 minutes at a time.
“I wish he’d stop doing that,” Dean said, as he licked his lower lip. “It’s completely unnecessary showmanship.”
So a headshot was out.  Crowley wasn’t a marksman. Wasn’t a trained sniper with precise aim.  Which was probably a shame, really, as even if it was true that a gunshot couldn’t
“Honestly? I thought it would break the ice between you two,” Sam admitted, with a sigh. “I thought sharing the cat would bring you both together. That it would end up being a cute story to tell your kids or something.”
Dean shook his head wearily. “There’s a fundamental flaw in the entire thing, Sam. Yeah, maybe a bunch of Alphas making decisions is better than a single Alpha. Makes it less likely that a single insane idiot - or insane
Dean didn’t know that much about rabbits -  well, except for the cartoon ones of Watership Down of course - but he was pretty sure its long, fluffy, chocolate fur, unusual eyes and the overlong, luxurious ears that flopped down on either side of its head like wings, marked it firmly as being of ‘pet’ stock, rather than a wild breed. Which probably explained its unusual size too.
Though, in retrospect, he wondered whether some part of him had simply wanted to see the look on Cain’s face because he still then waited until Cain was actually inside the room before drawing his own blade.
They had been ‘randomly selected’ to participate in the trial. They would be receiving free doses of a new drug as part of a pharmaceutical company’s efforts to gain an FDA license for its use, so that it could later be released for sale. The name of the company and even the drug itself were declared ‘top secret’. Jimmy couldn’t even get the clinic to tell him whether the drug was purportedly supposed to be a cure or merely designed to extend life expectancy.
”Yeah, well, happens to the best of us,” Bobby chuckled. “I felt that way about Deanna and she was over five times my age and never treated me as more than a vaguely endearing puppy.”
Unlike the point at which the channel had met the Ocean earlier in his journey, the demarcation between sea and ocean directly south of Miramen was not immediate and obvious. The shallower, gentler seas he’d been swimming through had become too wide at this point for the land masses on either side to still be visible even on the clearest of days, so Castiel had been incrementally acclimatized to the effects of the vast undersea currents that swept for thousands of miles from one continent to another. By the time he had transitioned from Sea into true Ocean, where the waters were often wild and unpredictable, he had already become somewhat used to adjusting his forward motion to compensate for the effects of the crisscrossing currents that frequently buffeted him sideward.
the case) then anything else she had known or suspected about RRE would have been completely dismissed out of hand.  RRE were untouchable. Unless you knew the truth, none of their actions made sense but revealing the truth was a one-way ticket to a funny farm.  But surely Anna must have had friends or family who would at least have listened to her.  He sure as hell wouldn’t allow Sam to ever get…
“My dad says all the Atlan royals are so ‘up their own asses they can’t see daylight for lookin’.’ And yet here you are, all alone, far from the Inner Court an’ talkin’ to me like you’re normal folk,” the strange boy retorted, his eyes sparkling with renewed humor and his face relaxing back into a confident grin. “Howdj’ya get out without the guards stoppin’ ya?”
Dean didn’t know why Sam found even the idea of shifting back to human form to be so stressful, but he wasn’t willing to force the issue. Maybe he could do the old shuffle-hop with the entire bed.
”Aha,” Gabriel declared triumphantly. “That’s what you’re supposed to think. It’s all smoke and mirrors, bro. We just passed a sign directing us to a place called R.I.P. Harbor. You telling me that isn’t spooky as fuck?”
Yet even at subatomic levels, the game engine automatically coded itself into some rough approximation of reality. Or perhaps produced an infinite variety of bane worlds, each smaller than the last, shrinking like Russian dolls, and so although Castiel was now no larger than a particle of light, he still stood as a man with Jimmy Novak’s likeness, and had perception of himself as being within his usual avatar and yet, as though he had simply shrunk himself, he was standing on Sam’s skin, gazing down into the cavernous wound that was stealing Sam’s life-force.
“Even one more second of delay and I doubt Sam could have been saved,” Castiel announced firmly. “Any action other than the one you took would have resulted in Sam’s death.”
”Can we all just start again?” Charlie asked. “I’m Charlie Bradbury. I’m Castiel Krushnic’s Prislugoy and I’m here because I think there’s possibly been a bit of an unfortunate misunderstanding.”
adventure the two wolves shared.  Not because he had any more control over his wolf, but because never having suppressed it in the rigid way that the Alpha had, he’d never taught his wolf to be cunning enough to sneak around behind his back.
Castiel pondered that, then shrugged. “May I enquire as to the identity of the Angel you are hosting?”
Sam frowned. “You don’t sound like him,” he said.  “Sure there’s a difference between The Reaper and Mortimer Blake but, well, there’s more similarity than difference. Nothing about your speech patterns remind me of
Not to mention the all too tight jeans that, somehow, had shrunk at least another two sizes since Gan had stopped at the gatehouse to shuck his own leather jacket to reveal a black band tee that - whilst looser fitting than Castiel’s - left very little to the imagination.
Sexuality came in a bewildering array of variations, he discovered, and the benefit of non-shifting people not having secondary genders was they gave great importance and
“I don’t wish to overreach, but don’t you consider yourself deserving of more loyalty than ‘Atticat’ affords you?” Castiel asked carefully. “Surely trust and commitment should be the cornerstone of every relationship.”
“Because it’s like he’s given you a permanent hickey the size of a planet,” Loki agreed. “And you’re all embarrassed about it.”
Sam grinned at her wryly, “We weren’t quite dressed for the part,” he pointed out, gesturing at his band t-shirt and her tee loudly announcing “Han shot first!”.
“I might as well live in a goldfish bowl for the amount of privacy I get in this damned town. It’s no wonder Cas keeps to himself, is it?” Dean snapped defensively. “Besides, we’re too busy eating to talk about important shit and, anyway,  I don’t want him to think I’m bragging about my part in the Festival. Not to mention the phone never stops ringing. If it’s not publishers, it's agents. Then there are marquis rentals, catering companies, local guest houses, you name it. This Wednesday it was so crazy that we just gave up and Cas ended up just leaving me the pie to eat later by myself. I mean obviously the Festival has come up in conversation but only in passing as I have cursed a blue storm in front of him over one issue or another.”
“It’s not like they’ll identify you now even if you do,” Dean argued. “Between your aftershave and that stinky Girly shit you put on your hair, you smell more like a Hawaiian fruit salad than an Alpha.”
Dean shrugged. “Why would it? He’s got a point. For readers and fans these things are special events. For the authors, I guess they’re just repetitive boring obligations and they probably get cramp from signing all those books.”
“Thanks for that mental imagery,” Dean snapped. “But you’re right. We need to find somewhere safe for you both to hide. And quickly, because it’s not going to take long, once RRE realise you’ve left Belize, for them to track the route you took and find you.  You need to get away from Dallas as soon as possible. But I have no idea where you should run to. Any ideas, Ash?”
his family’s pack were deferred to without the need to prove merit through conflict.  Something in the Krushnic genetics - or possibly a slight mutation in the virus they carried - made the bite of their Alphas far more potent than average.
There was a side note by the psychiatrist that Anna’s mental health had been an issue previously, though her childhood records were sealed so he had no details to aid the current diagnosis.
”Hello, Dean,” he said, as though there was no one else in the room. “I’ve been waiting for you to arrive. I have just a few early copies of the fifth book in the series, and wanted you to be the first recipient.”
Meg returned to the club area even more convinced that Alastair was up to no good and was taking advantage of Crowley’s unusual absence to line his own pockets.
“I told ya. Someone you need to meet,” Bobby said, as he pulled the mechanism that held his wheelchair in place to act as the truck’s driving seat, and swiveled to exit via an electronic ramp. The process was, in Bobby’s own words, a ‘ball-ache’ but he believed it was better to maintain the illusion of his disability than face questions about his ‘miraculous’ cure.
“Ancient Vampire, Level 15. Got retired here about eight years ago when you meatsuits decided vampires should all be sparkly, sociable, loveable twinks.”
“Well, you still look like you’ve got one foot in the grave,” she admitted bluntly. “Even in the improbable event of you somehow managing to stumble onto some miracle cure, the effects of twenty-three years of on-off chemo won’t disappear overnight. Plus, you’re barely 120lbs soaking wet which by itself always tends to give a tall guy like you the appearance of being one of the living dead.”
She sighed heavily. “Look, you know you have an individually allocated tank for hygiene reasons? Well not all the tanks at the clinic are the same. To be honest, yours is the
Hotch rolled his eyes. “Don’t bother. We already know he’s the Guildmaster of the Hunters and we’re almost certain your body is physically located at his property right now. But we can’t locate you or
So Dean stopped eating his own food altogether, limiting himself instead to consuming only whatever food Sam willingly shared or simply left on his tray.
It wasn’t effortless to lift Dean up. The omega was too tall and heavy for that. But it wasn’t impossible either, his muscles eagerly compensating for the strain and when Dean wrapped his legs around his waist and his arms around Cas’s neck, it was possible to brace his shoulders against the door and use his hands to hold Dean’s buttocks as he guided him onto his cock.
Dean frowned slightly. Jimmy was usually very precise in the way he spoke so why had he used the word ‘here’ within that sentence?
“My point is why don’t the seeded angels make any difference to the levels gained when a Knight kills another Knight? I mean it makes sense
“You’re too young to appreciate the explanation,” the Archivist stated, then frowned forbiddingly when Sam bristled in response. “You’re also far too large to pout like a thwarted kitten,” he announced. “So stop it. I find it too distracting.  Besides, I wasn’t patronizing. It is merely a matter of fact. The simple answer to your question lies in a film released in the year of your birth. Whilst I imagine you’ve watched some vintage movies, I highly doubt, given your proclivities, that you have seen the particular one I am referring to.”
*** Oh. I should clarify that you only need to be logged in, not actively in-game. You get paid even if you’re outside of the rig adjusting your profile, regenerating HP or messaging other players. The System is currently showing you as having been active for 3 hours 13mins already today.
“A particularly gruesome movie with an excess budget for bodily fluids,” Piotr agreed, with a wince. “Mr. Hortlan was so distracted by the fact he was practically drowning in vomit that he didn’t even see the fist coming. Never seen anyone hit someone so hard. That Mariposa makes the Interplanetary Heavyweight Champion look like an anorexic teenage girl in comparison. It was hard to tell under the mess, but I doubt that punch left a single intact tooth in Hortlan’s shattered jaw. The guy is going to wake up into a world of hurt.”
So Crowley was smirking as he raised his hand.  It didn’t matter that the three players were already charging in his direction because all he needed was a couple of seconds to summon Meg to reappear and wreak havoc on their asses.
Castiel removed the wire-framed glasses and sweater vest from ‘his’ body, then offered his father a wry smile.
was alive.  Though, realistically, the presence of Castiel was guarantee of the latter. Had Castiel’s mate not survived this tragic misunderstanding, Gabriel expected his brother would have thrown himself off the bluff in guilt and mourning.
Dean opened his mouth, then closed it again.  It wasn’t his business to talk Jimmy into doing something he considered ‘sinful’. That kind of decision had to come from Jimmy himself or it would just fester like poison between them.
respect, it was nothing to do with mating or courtship, it was about the rank of Alpha as pertaining to
“Isn’t the same,” Jimmy interrupted. “I know, Dean. But that’s fine because, well, I kinda love Castiel more than you, anyway.”
Which was why, for all that Gabriel cared about the fate of all the human players trapped in this dangerous game of his father’s making, and specifically of the fate of those he personally knew, he was
Or at least Dean assumed as much, from the evidence of his missing ear, ruined eye and shortened tail. He’d never actually managed to wrestle the cat into a basket to get it to a vet to get a better diagnosis of the cause of the cat’s various scars and injuries. His two attempts to do so had resulted in nothing more than a tetanus jab for himself and a hell of a lot of hydrocortisone ointment.
love pizza,” he said, pressing the button that opened a section of the counter to create a doorway. “Come through. Sit down. Pray tell me what world shattering emergency brings you to my domain on a Sunday evening.”
,” not ‘all humans’. Not even a single line of the European Convention on Human Rights is specifically worded to define
I know I drove north to Nebraska. Stopped in a place called Franklin. Tiny city. Barely a thousand people. Parked up near Limestone Bluffs. Don’t remember that much more about it, except it was a fucking long walk back to town to steal myself a car.”
wants. An Omega is beyond reproach, Cassie. If he wants to be treated like a mere Alpha, well, who are you to criticise his choice?”
“Then consider my situation more pragmatically. I’m living inside an unstable volcano. In what universe would it make sense for me to store priceless artifacts in a place prone to sudden larval eruptions?”
The Sergeant’s face twitched, either with irritation or shame, but he crossed his arms firmly to emphasize his position was not negotiable.
“Definitely not. Confused though. None of them appear even slightly comfortable with you in human form, yet their wolves don’t share their trepidation.”
If Dean’s timing had been better, if he had come visiting during one of Castiel’s idle perusals of Bored Panda, then Castiel would have happily—well, perhaps not happily, considering the fiasco caused by him being polite to his last neighbor—but he would have opened the door and had the first awkward conversation with a stranger who apparently hated him simply because he’d bought the house in the first place.
Galla - bitch - was used to refer to anyone from an enthralled local Police Chief to a drug mule, a cook, a cleaner or, in Dean’s case, a nanny.  Actual names were reserved only for Faelchu. Names gave status and security.  Names meant you were ‘pack’.  At nine years old, Dean was fully aware he was only alive at all because he had been given a name on his first birthday, that a naming ceremony
of his misgivings, should have offered his entire repertoire of vague facts and suspicions about Richard Roman Enterprises so that Dean could sift through them for himself and reach his own conclusions. It didn’t matter that Dean hadn’t had the opportunity of book learning that Sam had received. Dean was ‘street-smart’. Dean was, frankly, the smartest guy Sam had ever met.  Not that he’d ever actually
to know. Unfortunately, the information is tied very closely to intensely private matters also.  Until tomorrow, I will not know whether the facts are true. If they are, I will not be able to convince you of their truth without revealing some highly personal information in corroboration. In view of the importance of the matter, I am prepared to do so. However, I admit that I do not wish to reveal that information unless I actually have to.”
Dean decided to take the bull by its horns. “He smelled good to me. To my wolf. Mateable. And more malleable. That was what my wolf said to me. That maybe he didn’t make my ‘heart sing’ but that he’d be a ‘good Alpha’ and one I would probably find it easier to control. One who would
Castiel startled and swiveled around, his eyes wide with shock.  He took a couple of steps back towards Dean then hesitated, looking awkward and uncertain in the face of Dean’s snarling fury.
A human bitten by a Beta Wolfkin inevitably sickened and died.  The process usually took several weeks and presented to Human medics as rabies, which was useful. Castiel suspected that
And thinking about the list finally reminded him he was supposed to be going to the mainland to call Crowley.
“I did,” she agreed. “I left my home and my family, left all that I loved and held dear, and ventured out into the unknown, afraid and alone. It was so frightening, Castiel. And not a little dangerous. But I was brave and I followed the path shown to me and I left the still waters of the farthest North and battled through the domains of the great whales and the walruses and the sea lions, until I eventually came here and found your father. And then I put the necklace away, knowing my song was sung and the time would come when I would pass it to the chosen one of the next generation.
“You do,” Dean agreed smugly. “I’ve been telling you for years that Dexter’s was the original inspiration for ‘Needful Things’.”
“Dad is pretty certain nothing less than completely wiping the entire program will fix the problem permanently.  He suggested a totally suicidal complete system-wide reformat.  Drastic, maybe, but effective.  Problem is C.H.U.C.K. can’t self-delete and the Devs wouldn’t agree to the idea of applying a scorched earth policy to Moondoor. They just wanted a quick ‘fix’ by applying the same ‘vaccination’ they did last time, which is where the Knights came in.
a real computer. Frank gave you a perfectly good computer. I don’t see why the hell you need a new one at all.”
for Jimmy it wouldn’t take Ash long to track him down.  All he said though was, “I honestly can’t imagine Jimmy choosing to watch James Bond.”
... and then Castiel reached to change the radio station and Dean overreacted to the insult of the Alpha
But what would he do if the photos showed the damage he had seen? What if they proved his memories were real?
“I will not permit Dey’n being forced into a position of feeling obliged to save my life,” Castiel growled.
of them. Castiel far more than Dean, presumably.  Dean’s side of the bond must have been exacerbated by the hormonal effect of Castiel’s semen but it hadn’t been pheromonal and, anyway, as a Subplex he was more naturally resilient to a broken bond than a Praevalen was. Since Castiel had orchestrated Dean’s leaving, maybe it wouldn’t hurt quite as much as a deliberate rejection on Dean’s part but Charlie imagined, since a severed-bond was more of a physical reaction than a mental one, Castiel was probably going to suffer a lot of pain.
Castiel snorted and agreed, but by the time they had emptied the trailer and made the main bedroom habitable, they were both too exhausted to do anything except share a family-sized bag of chips and a couple of lukewarm beers before crashing together still fully clothed on top of Castiel’s bed. Something they both regretted the next morning, when they woke stiff, crumpled and cold.
He smelled like an old leather-bound book, left forgotten in a garden long enough to have been dampened by a light shower of rain.
He was lying on his back on the dank, leaf-littered, shadowed soil beneath a huge, gnarled Oaktree. Above him, through the winter-bare dark branches, he could see glints of daylight, patches of cool blue suggesting a clear, cloudless sky overhead. The leaves he lay on were soft and brown, damply rotting into the rich loam of the woodland floor. Around him, more trees; twisted trunks all thick with age; bark deeply wrinkled, ancient and immovable.
“Wuffwuffwuffarrrrhhhwhooooo,” Garth howled ecstatically , his mouth opening in a huge, fang-filled grin. “A puttytat. Arrrwhhooooooo.”
“Woolfe kept you close for two reasons. To keep you from falling into Roman’s clutches and to keep the potential heir of RRE under his direct influence.”
Which fully explained why Cas wanted to know where Dexter Cain was, Sam decided. He checked the time and winced. “Probably too late for you to catch him today. The market will be closing up before you get there. It opens at six and shuts well before lunch because the stalls always sell out early.”
“I’m getting seriously pissed about people calling me a moron,” Dean snapped. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“I always imagined getting naked in this car with you,” Cas quipped. “But this wasn’t exactly the scenario I had in mind.”
saying that Balthazar can simply take over Crowley’s avatar at will? That the only limiting factor Crowley brings to the party is his avatar’s character level?” Jimmy demanded.
“I am gratified to know that our affection is mutual,” Castiel said, after a pause, when it became obvious Dean had nothing more to offer.
Which very quickly put an end to the celebration, although it inspired Crowley to summon another bottle of scotch from one of his minions.
Yeah, well Dean was ‘the chosen one’ apparently.  Of course he was ‘special’. He was some big, buff, high-school-jock kind of guy in real life, wasn’t he?  Dean had probably swanned through his whole life, never learning what true struggles felt like, just coasting on the strength of his killer smile and sickening charm.  Bastard probably didn’t even know what pain was. Probably had never suffered more than a paper cut or a shaving nick.
”Oh, I dunno, Bobby. Maybe about as happy as he was when I dropped him in  California a couple of years back and he told me not to bother ‘hanging around cramping his style’. Sam doesn’t
He had been bitterly, terribly lonely as a tiny pup. That wasn’t a false remembrance. Before Dean had entered his life, he had been a sad and solitary pup with no friend at all save for the Sea Witch. Yet the inner court, despite its lack of age-appropriate pups, had been filled with Mer who had always been chatty and cheerful gossips like the dolphins. And though Castiel remembered thinking those Mer had always deliberately ignored his presence, talking around and over him rather than including him in their conversations, now, as he found himself shrinking away from the loudest of the dolphins, deliberately shying from their highly vexatious sonics, from the irritating noise that made him shudder with distaste, it finally occurred to him that he had always behaved the same way.
Past cavernous reefs, through swirling eddies and swift underground currents that cut at angles across his path, mercilessly battering his body and forcing him to fight to maintain his direction until, finally, exhausted, starving and heart-sick he realized he had no choice except to find somewhere safe to rest well before he left the wide channel protecting him from the dangerously erratic currents of the open Ocean seas and faced the wild capriciousness of the deep.
Jimmy’s eyes glazed over as he switched his attention instantly to the angry protest of his savior and best friend.
But the addictive nature of Alpha bites meant it was never a problem to entice a Pok to return to accept a fresh dose.  The addiction could even be used as a deliberate weapon,
“Which is exactly my point. I have little or no interest in becoming living proof that the old legends were based on reality. I don’t want to ‘unlock my potential’.  As the last Qui Praevalen I’m already considered a sufficient oddity. I don’t need to add mystical ‘superpowers’ to the list. But I can’t prevent my instinctive revulsion of the idea of mating a preprogrammed Submissive  and I most certainly have no interest in marrying a non-designate Qui. So I prefer to view sex as something to be indulged in on occasion but as nothing more than the scratching of an itch. I will never mate nor marry, Gabriel. That I have accepted.
It filled his bowels, his stomach, then burst through his cell walls, charging through his bloodstream, flooding his heart, his lungs, his limbs. It poured from his mouth, spilled from his eyes like milky tears, broke from his pores like sweat until his whole body was soaked in white luminescence.
, the bond will only be one way,” Charlie pointed out.  “Castiel will be bound to Gan. Gan won’t be bound in return. That doesn’t seem fair.”
Dean flushed hotly. “Neither did I until Michael crowed in my face about my stupidity in falling for his seduction,” he admitted. “Until that moment, I definitely had no idea I was capable of physically striking a Dominant. I mean, he wasn’t a Praevalen, but he was a true biological Dominant, rather than an elective one, so we had a genuine pheromone connection. I had completely submitted to him both emotionally and sexually up until that point. Otherwise I guess I would hardly have wanted to marry him at all. But when he laughed at me, told me he couldn’t be bothered to ‘pretend’ any longer and that I should just ‘shut the fuck up’ and do as I was told because I had no choice anyway… well, I just snapped and threw a punch.”
Dean stood and watched as Reney walked away, his stride confident; saw a Tsalun in his path step respectfully out of his way; saw several human tourists excitedly poking each other to gain attention and then rudely staring after the beautiful Bentaegen as he swept past them; saw several of the richer-looking tourists narrowing their eyes after the lithe blue-skinned boy in obvious contemplative hungry interest.
“And the WWW too apparently. But Loki got the information directly from your personnel file,” Dean told Charlie. “You’re already marked as deceased.”
Dean wrapped strong gentle fingers around Cas’s right wrist and tugged until Cas’s palm was lying flat on his lower abdomen, until his fingers were touching the warmth of his skin, feeling the slow steady pulse of his blood.
He barely registered that fact before he saw ‘Castiel’ jerk like a puppet whose strings had become tangled. Despite the blood coating his features, it was somehow obvious that the avatar had been abruptly occupied by a new, unfamiliar, occupant even before ‘Castiel’s’ eyes changed from Blue to Gold.
in wolf form. For instance, if Sam attacked another Faelchu in his wolf-form he would be held fully accountable. But if seven year old
they rose. This was his Alpha. His grandsire. The wolf he spent most of the day, every day, following around like a faithful puppy.
not an Angel. I can’t prevent myself from getting summoned so even if I am sick to the back teeth of this totally pointless crap, and now Chuck has been taken out it evidently IS totally pointless, there’s fuck all I can do about it.”
He winced apologetically. “I wanted to get the worst of it cleared up before you saw it,” he said quietly. “But despite almost all of the pack and Pok being back, I can’t locate hardly any of them. Most of them have all completely disappeared again.”
“Firstly, he is a person, not a ‘thing’ to be claimed,” Castiel responded, a little sharply. “Secondly, it would have been a little problematical anyway considering he currently believes I am a Null.”
Unless there was… and he saw it then, a single gap of perhaps twelve inches where two trees had failed to, impossibly, close the gap between them completely.  So he twisted his body sideways and dove through the narrow gap, hoping, praying, that once through the initial resistance the trees would return to their normal positions.
Charlie was wearing an unfamiliar look of doubt. Maybe it was the fact that this Frank guy was proving slippier than a greased pig but she was beginning to have an odd feeling that something wasn’t quite stacking up about any of this.
“I believe the choice to seed Dean was made only amongst my brothers,” Castiel admitted. “A directive was issued regarding the new Knights of Hell. Dean was definitely not included within the names of the Knights who were to be seeded. Since Chuck has not communicated directly with the Host for a while and no further directives have been issued in relation to the matter, it is highly improbable that my brethren are acting under Chuck’s instruction.”
Carolus ignored the heat in the room, he even - almost - managed to ignore the scent of actual burning in his nostrils, as he said, “I am not disrespecting your Subplex, my son. I am worried for him, even more perhaps than I am for you.  When I was even younger than Dean, I remember having a debate with a professor over the nature of skin regeneration. I argued it wasn’t possible that the cells of skin constantly replaced themselves because, if so, why do, scars remain?  And he explained to me that scar collagen was formed differently. It grows in a crisscrossing hatch, becomes so strong and dense that it forms a shell-like armor over a wound. Scars sometimes grow so impenetrable that they can become more harmful, more restrictive, that the wound they formed to protect.
Yet, despite his anger and despair over the situation itself, his determination to defeat the demons remained resolute.
Specifically, though, despite this behavior by Gabriel appearing in many ways to be as arrogant and high-handed as that of his ‘Uncles’, his experience of living as a human had gifted him with an ability to genuinely sympathize with the human condition.  The limited compassion that the Reaper had gained through his partial-occupation of hosts such as Mortimer Blake was negligible in comparison with the amount of near empathy Gabriel had learned during his years of living as Emmett Milton.
As new housing schemes were created to ease overcrowding in The Gorbals, gangs sprung up on almost every street corner, and a deluge of heroin was drowning the streets, mainly peddled by the Carlton Tongs and the Gorbals Cumbie.
Castiel blinked at him in total incomprehension, then latched desperately onto the one part of the comment he’d understood.  “This is our second date,” he pointed out.
The servants were respectful but distant. The lower Royals were polite to a fault, should they find themselves in a situation where interacting with him was unavoidable. His tutors, though capable and always willing to answer his questions with well-considered answers, were reserved and formal with him and they were always precisely careful never to cross the boundary between polite and familiar.
“I’m a paraplegic,” Dean spat. “My spinal cord was completely severed at TH9, ten years ago. I have no feeling below my waist. It’s not just my legs that are fucked. I can’t even take a piss without… fuck why am I trying to explain this shit to you? Just take it I know
“So you’re asking me to what? Give the avatar to you?” Jimmy asked. “Because, honestly, I think I’d be good with that. Keep the damned thing if you want it that badly. I can always buy a new one that doesn’t have a sitting tenant squatting in the basement like a grumpy troll.”
With a low growl of fury, Castiel turned to Charlie, snapped, “You, come with me,” and stormed out of the room.  She shrugged expansively at them all, then chased after him.
the thief. That would make sense. Still, I had expected you to at least act like a gentleman about it. Approach me man to man, as it were, rather than simply help yourself. What do you want? His employment contract ripping up? That’ll cost you. I at least want a finders fee, N’Vak.”
be in danger. But, realistically, I think there’s a vast difference between RRE probably acting against two
“You’re still a dick, aren’t you?” Dean accused, though his tone was almost fond. “So running the numbers again,  working on the basis we can combine our levels with those of Charlie and Ash, I still need a minimum of boss rank five to be in with a fighting chance, huh?”
As the ‘interrogation’ proceeded, Sam became painfully aware that, since he was still dressed in the jeans and band t-shirt he’d worn to visit Razor, he was definitely too underdressed to be travelling without luggage.  He traveled so frequently on business without check-in bags that he’d genuinely forgotten how much protective camouflage a tailored business suit offered him.  Without that veneer of apparent respectability, Sam was pretty sure he looked nothing more than an itinerant long-haired  beach bum to the customs officers. He was pretty sure that any attempt to
And not even that little, because it was huge for a rabbit. Maybe even as large as the black cat.  Bigger than he thought a rabbit
“Been and gone already,” Charlie said.  “Basically just popped in-game long enough to tell us he wouldn’t be joining us today. Victor Hendrickson has strong-armed him into agreeing to visit Quantico to back him up with his bosses. Apparently Victor is still struggling to get anyone to take him seriously. Since Ash is the only person who knows exactly what’s going on
“Did they get everyone out?” Sam demanded, a question that seemed more important under the circumstances. He could see a lot of people in various state of undress milling around in front of the building alongside people who were clearly dressed as doctors, nurses and cops. The latter seemed preoccupied with trying to keep the patients from falling into a large, ornamental Koi pond that graced the front lawn as they tried to herd them away from the Center itself.
“I’ll see you dead before I ever see you in another man’s arms,” Michael had told him, when Dean had threatened to leave him, and Dean had been given damned good reason to believe he’d meant every word.
“Oh,” she said, and then surprised him with a far more friendly smile. “That’s even better then. New blood. We definitely need more of that around here.”
“That’s the sigil talking,” Castiel said, his own eyes flaring blue in response. “We need to get Sam to a healer, Dean. Pamela of the Barns, perhaps. See if we can get the blade out and bandage the wound. If we can just keep him alive a little longer, I’m sure Gabriel can help him.”
And he couldn’t wait a whole extra day to do so. His nerves wouldn’t take standing still for that long. He already felt as though he was being eaten alive by termites and he was still on the move. If he stopped to think, to breathe, he thought his skin would stop merely shivering and would simply rip off him completely.
Bobby’s expression altered minutely as the Reaper took over again, moving Bobby’s right hand in a graceful though complicated gesture and several things happened simultaneously:
and so he forced himself to take deep breaths to calm his racing heart and suppress the sour scent of his distress, before forcing himself to turn and face his magnificent, wonderful and awe-inspiring beloved.
She shrugged. “I find most situations in life benefit from being handled from an anticipation of worst case scenario. At the very least, I wish you, Castiel and James to reunite in a totally private setting. What you choose to do after that may prove that my precautions are unnecessary. Should, however, you emerge from that room as a couple, or a triple, or whatever goddamned term needs to be coined for this totally bizarre situation, the
“I’m assuming the Reaper will have arranged for Naomi to get hold of a Gen 9 tank. Moving Jimmy is going to be a logistics nightmare, though, so makes more sense to get Castiel to him rather than make Jimmy come get him.  Sam’s more mobile than you are. It’s going to be a hell of a lot easier for him to jump on a plane and go to Jimmy’s house.”
But, despite an eye-roll in Dean’s direction, Cas didn’t really mind. Truthfully, he was pretty stoked to finally be allowed to do something on behalf of his Om- on behalf of his Dean.
understand - that it wasn’t something Dean felt able simply to ‘claim‘.  As though it hadn’t been stolen from him,
“There are 206 bones in an adult human body,” Castiel announced, his eyes blazing with arctic fire. “I believe a broken bone inside an avatar is as painful as that in a fleshly body. I may be mistaken though. Perhaps, in the name of scientific experimentation, we could endeavor to discover whether it is true. Which bone would you prefer me to begin with?”
Castiel frowned, a little confused. “I thought your primary objection to the way that Mariposa are trained is the fact they are often expected to be naked in public and are frequently sexually used by their fully clothed ‘Masters’ in front of other people. Did you not claim that ‘disrespect’ proved how they are seen as nothing more than toys and objects? You were livid the other evening when a newscast showed the footage of the latest interplanetary climate conference and the President of Opiana started publically fucking his Mariposa when he got bored with the proceedings. And rightly so,” he added firmly. “It was immensely disrespectful to everyone present, but particularly offensive to treat his Subplex in such a manner.”
They danced and splashed through the shallow water of rock pools, the wolf of pale molten silver pausing to tease at a family of otters, until the wolf of liquid titanium turned somersaults and pranced like a stallion and howled proudly at the moon,
The corpse of the goblin began to glow, a low red light infusing its body as it began to dissolve back into the game prior to respawning. Dean waited for it to disappear, as usual, but instead the red light seemed to shrink, smaller and smaller, forming into an egg-sized pulsing ball of energy. Before his mystified eyes, the egg continued to shrink, getting smaller and harder and more solid until, finally, nothing remained on the ground except a discarded loincloth and a small ruby gemstone.
Cas looked relieved he hadn't offended. But perhaps his guilt allowed him to reveal a weakness. "I've avoided this particular responsibility before now simply because I... I have always avoided all of the States that border Kansas. Well, except for Colorado. That always felt far enough West to be bearable."
he’d overreacted. Bobby had just finished telling him he was okay to walk around the settlement punching whomever he liked and the Mayor would simply accept Dean’s actions as proof the other guy was an asshole who deserved it. And the Novians wanting to take advantage of Dean’s designation in this way was, maybe, no different to someone being employed because they were a natural-born athlete or had a great singing voice. Tons of people made a living out of selling advantages they were born with, rather than just abilities they had acquired.
One black as midnight, with eyes formed of lapis lazuli.  One whose body was formed entirely of diamonds, so it was the silvery blue-white of fractured ice, with eyes formed of peridots.
“Nobody’s omniscient,” Gabriel replied. “But dad and the Reaper have always done a damned good job of faking it because they know that people are predictably
of them. After Sam had finally left for Stanford and the apartment had seemed too big just for himself, he’d even seriously considered the idea of getting a cat, or maybe even a bird, for company. But then he had just as quickly dismissed the idea as impractical. Whenever anyone had commented on his lack of animal companionship, he’d always just shrugged and lied that he was allergic. But the real truth was he understood that animals lived relatively short lives and he just wasn’t prepared to enter into yet
Gan snorted. “See, I always knew you were hiding a sense of humor under those stupid suits you usually wear. We hardly caused
he felt even more naked wearing the robe, its short hem barely reaching mid-thigh and so revealing his bare bruised legs and feet. He felt like a partly-wrapped parcel just begging to be torn open to expose its contents to full view.
“So sue me,” she snapped. “You never seemed the type to want bed-baths and shit, so I just left you to it.”
Even the all too brief reprieves from Roman’s wargaming, when Roman stole the odd moment to spend time with Mother Mary, she of the golden hair and sky blue eyes whose smile was radiant and warm and spoke of possibilities other than blood and gore and death, offered only a slanted, peculiar perspective on a world Cain was not welcomed to partake of. He was like the orphan child standing on tip-toe to gaze inside a frosty window to see a warm, wonderful family into which he had no invitation.
There is an Anna and an Anael in spn. For the sake of this story, they are one and the same person.  Picture Anael as looking like a young Anna Milton 😉
“Let me be honest,” he said. “An immersion tank is definitely the only way to go if you’re totally serious about the game
why he was finding himself drawn to fall under Gan’s influence?  Was it more than just the euphoric drug of his scent and the disarming beauty of his smile?  Was his urge to change himself to conform to Gan’s wishes not simply a case of him being dragged around by his knot? Was the reason his body thrummed in resonance with pleasing Gan because the Omega was constantly urging him to do something he had
Wolfkin were liable to have ‘litters’ but all Wolfkin adapted away from multiple births after child-death rates plummeted. Our primordial ancestors used to birth a half dozen pups at a time only because the majority failed to reach maturity. Wolfkin who go feral struggle to survive as wild wolves for that very reason. It takes several generations before the feral wolves regain the ability to maintain a sustainable birth rate.”
Was she a witch?  The evidence spoke to it. She was certainly renowned as a herbalist and healer. She was known to spin more cloth in a day than most women managed in a week - and that efficiency with a spindle was well-known to be the sign of a satanic pact - and it was said that she was a ‘bee-charmer’, able to enter the angriest hive without suffering a single sting.
“The area was razed during the final battle between the Knights of Hell and Amara.  I was informed a couple of dragons probably started the fire,” Woolfe said.
Sam stumbled over to one of the chairs in front of Woolfe’s desk and sat down before his knees gave way underneath him. This was
Charlie swallowed heavily. “Okay. Oubliette doesn’t sound good. But, on the other hand, this was an asshole who dumped a couple of kids on the streets and fucked off to save his own ass. So I’m not going to lose sleep over it. On the assumption he
would have been the splattered bug,” Dean sighed. Then stiffened in confusion. “Why didn’t you hit the crystal?”
He still had ridiculous hair, in Dean’s opinion, but rather than wearing it in an 80’s mullet as in RL, his character had an epic green and blond Mohawk which worked oddly well with his character’s High Elf appearance.  Being a
So unless Magnolias smelt like ozone and petrichor, of rich loam, of rain dampened soil; the sharp luscious scent of Geosmin, then whatever the beta could smell was not what was filling
“How about you just mind your own business,” she snapped, her black eyes regarding his knife balefully.
he was. His genital anatomy was of no interest to the Campbell Pack. All they’d wanted to know was whether the pup was their desperately needed Alpha.  Scenting the pup and finding it to not even be a Beta but a totally ‘scentless’ Theta, had been such a blow that he had wanted to howl at the moon. He hadn’t given a shit whether the pup was boy, girl or a damned moominpig. The pup wasn’t an Alpha. So it was worthless to him.
The humidity was uncomfortable whether he was clothed or in wolf-form, the food was too spicy for his palate and the multiple pidgin languages spoken there were incomprehensible. Although he was born stateside, he had been raised within the Krushnic pack with Russian as his first language.  English had always felt clumsy and alien to him, for all it had become his necessary
break-in, though the person in question simply walked in the front door and sailed blithely through a highly sophisticated security system without any difficulty whatsoever. Then he left a half-hour later wheeling a huge server on a dolly and disappeared again. The funny thing is that according to our facial recognition software, the person who
“Yes. However, Cain’s understanding of human nature is likely to be flawed,” Castiel said. “In my experience, humans are unpredictable, chaotic and prone to act in illogical ways. I am frequently surprised by irrational human behavior.”
The four women all pouted, but their expressions were resigned rather than argumentative. As Sam had said, the odds of them getting through the next three weeks without an inadvertent ‘reveal’ were highly improbable anyway.
“It says, установить Омегу вне брачных облигаций - это преступление, влекущее за собой смертную казнь. That’s it. Word for word. It says ‘mating bond’.”
“Really?” Charlie demanded, before guffawing hugely.  “So, basically, you’re saying Mariposa are truly nothing more than a bunch of genetically perfect, cloistered virginal nuns getting sold off to the highest bidder?”
The lieutenant looked unhappy still, but shrugged his agreement. An Alpha’s orders were to be obeyed without question and in their human form a Wolfkin could act in ways repellent to their inner-wolf. He reached out and grabbed Dean’s arm, clinging fast with strong, cruel fingers even as Dean belatedly understood the danger and began fighting for escape with a strength far greater than his Creiche form should have allowed.  It was the Lieutenant’s surprise at that unnatural strength, and the sudden doubt caused by the pup’s inadvertent reminder that the boy
“You’ve deliberately trapped yourself in here with us?” Charlie asked, her expression torn between impressed and horrified.
And, he told himself, this couldn’t be right. This couldn’t be the true purpose of a Destiny stone, to rip him apart from the person he loved more than life itself. The person who completed him. The person who made him feel whole.
This wasn’t merely the disrobed state of a shifting wolf. It wasn’t flesh simply waiting to be enrobed in fur. It was the nakedness of someone wanting to be seen, admired, touched, loved, mated, mounted... knotted.
“We found him,” Ash announced.  “The mail came from the IP address of a public use email terminal at LAX.  So we obviously wondered what he was doing at the airport and checked the flight information. Sam Winchester caught a direct flight from LAX to Houston at 7 pm. It’s scheduled to arrive at 10.13. He’s also booked on a connecting flight to Belize at midnight.”
Unfortunately Samuel’s problems were far larger than a single Omega or his fraying control over his pack.  Samuel’s primary problems were insanely violent Russian wolves who had put a price on his head. Mating Dean himself wouldn’t solve the Volkrod problem.
Just the logistics alone required more time than a whole team of people could supply. For Dean Winchester, that translated into the need to spend the majority of the morning running around like a whirling dervish. The town had hugely underestimated the number of visitors who would attend.
“Ahh,” Nigel sighed. “Unfortunately I find myself unable to fold. Not because my hubris exceeds my ability but because, frankly, I don’t want to give the bugger the satisfaction. Better to lose skirmish after skirmish than ever give up and declare the war entirely lost.”
“So where do we find Holy Oil?” Dean mused aloud, as they stood outside The Roadhouse. “Is it like Holy Water? Do we need to go to one of Chuck’s temples to find it?”
along the shelf, tail high in the air, pausing at each full bottle just long enough to reach out a paw and, with a completely un-catlike strength, hook the liquor off the shelf to crash down on top of the Hounds.
The entire network of prostitution, drugs and guns that underpinned every human city was now Volkrod owned. The wolves who walked on two legs still considered humans to be ‘prey’; they simply had found a more efficient way of farming them.
“There’s nothing more I can do,” Ash gasped, as he staggered back under the assault of the swarming demons.
”I know you don’t get why I think my college is so important. But there’s a reason the Wolfkin need to earn their money as criminals,” he said, as they drove down towards Fishkill.  “They have to stay outside the system because they can’t afford to try and integrate with humans. They definitely don’t dare put their pups in the normal Education system. Look how bad I screwed up in Port Huron and I had more reason than
Castiel took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly. “I have an idea of a way to tell Dean how I feel about him without my behaviours creating yet new and impossible obstacles between us, and perhaps you and my brother can assist me with my plan. But before confiding in you, I need to know who you really are,” he said.
Then the girl flounced out in an apparent hissy-fit, though she winked at Crowley as she left to return to Melville having earned every coin he’d paid her.
”You think I didn’t hear you nearly slip up earlier? Always calling him Gan, even in your own head, is the only way to avoid making a mistake.”
Sam’s frown deepened. “The fact you haven’t checked out of the hospital yet hasn’t helped that impression. You could have been attending your physio as an outpatient for the last month. Just because we can afford for you to keep paying for this private room is no excuse for using a hospital as a hotel, Dean. Even if the nurses all treat you like you’re a rock star.”
me react as I did.  Though I do not claim he was responsible for my behavior. He did not consciously do anything to influence my reaction. He apparently doesn’t even know what a Subplex is. He didn’t see me attack the Dom. He was almost unconscious from pain and oxygen deprivation at the time. When he saw the outcome of my ‘attack’, he naturally assumed I had used an illegal particle beam weapon to save him. I did not exactly put a great deal of effort into my attempt to disabuse him of that impression.”
“The good news is that deaths in Purgatory don’t count. Ever.  So you could just keep getting killed in there, over and over, until your XP from battle experience levels you to the necessary 15 to enter the main game.  I wouldn’t suggest it though. The thing about the immersion rigs is, getting killed HURTS.  It doesn’t do you any true physical damage, obviously, but when you are in-game, trust me, that pain and blood is going to feel really REAL.
A couple of hours after her meeting with Castiel  - after depositing her bags in her room and trying desperately not to squee over stuff like having a personal jacuzzi, a wide wrap-around balcony with panoramic views of the city and the kind of broadband that made her think she’d died and gone to heaven - Charlie found herself taking a two hour train ride until she was almost 90 miles north of NYC and in a town named Poughkeepsie.
“He’s stopped at Fishkill. Hang on. Let me see if he.... ah yeah, he’s in the parking lot of the Magnuson,” Charlie finally announced, quickly googling the motel’s website before, on another screen, quickly hacking into the motel’s antiquated booking system.  “Yup. There he is. A ‘Frank Urquhart’ has just booked into a room there. He’s paid for a week in cash. A week. Not just a night. A whole week. That’s good right? Means it couldn’t have gone
So he was quite proud of himself for not even mentioning his concern as he typed a quick email in reply. He was careful not to write a single word that would sound accusatory or patronising, though he did end up typing and deleting several sentences before settling on simply asking a simple, one-line question:
On the other hand, he had been feeling pretty weird and out of place at the Pack house since Gabriel had hared off in pursuit of his brother and Castiel. The other pack Betas had been polite and respectful, but distant. His designation, and lack of a pack bite, had set him too far apart for anyone to be
“Not as much as doing it the normal way, level by level, thank God,” Dean admitted, “but I’d still need to gank someone seriously powerful like you at least twice to get there. I’m beginning to understand why Crowley thought his dungeon to lure in high-level players for sacrifice was going to be his best bet to level up quickly.” He looked at Ash thoughtfully, “Don’t suppose you feel like just lying down and giving me an easy shortcut to success, huh?”
“It’s a book. Its purpose is to be read,” Castiel said, with a shrug. “The idea I will no longer be the only one who has done so for thirty-odd years is actually quite satisfying.”
Eileen was busy knocking up signage to guide people from those parking places to the Festival. Donna was organizing supply runs for the caterers to ensure they didn’t run out of food stocks. Cain was holding down the fort at Dexter’s, selling tee shirts and autographs in equal measure and Dean was too busy trying to keep the events flowing to visit the main events Marquee himself. He didn’t even get the opportunity to witness the speeches that launched Heron Cove’s inaugural Lit Fest. He was too busy wrangling the caterers and the souvenir stalls.
not to listen in on Castiel's phone calls even if most of the conversations hadn't rudely been primarily in Russian.
“Do I look like Amara to you?” he sneered. “Don’t try to manipulate me by poking at my personal pride.”
“I don’t care what line of bullshit TopCat here fed you, Cas, but trust me that ain’t my brother. It’s a cat. Admittedly a cat wearing boots and a hat and walking upright but, still, that’s a fucking cat. I HATE cats. Sneaky, creepy, conniving little critters with FLEAS.”
He wasn’t even sure whether a Mariposa was even legally allowed to enter that kind of agreement anyway. He doubted it. Bonded-concubines just ‘played’ at submission. They wore a collar instead of a marriage ring and delighted in acting the role of a Submissive. But it was never more than an elaborate sex-game between consenting equals. Not to mention, a legal excuse for a man to keep a permanent mistress.
“And who could blame him? Good for Sammy.  A fresh start. A brand new life. Why would he want to drag his past into that? Believe me, you do not want me to bore you with the details of that crap, Hucks. Just take it that we had a weird kind of upbringing. So I got why Sammy would want to leave it behind. But it still kinda hurt that he seemed to want to leave me too.
There was nothing for it. Castiel was going to have to attempt to intervene. He had no illusions he could win a battle with a shark but common sense told him that if the creature was in the mood for a fight it would hardly be so fixated on the idea of catching the pup. Which suggested it wasn’t a great white or a tiger shark but something less aggressive. Perhaps a blue, like Meg, only looking for defenseless prey. If he was right, then being stabbed a time or two by Castiel’s dagger might be sufficient to convince it to look elsewhere for its supper. And yes, getting close enough to stab it would probably result in Castiel getting a nasty bite or two in the process but he’d survive those injuries whilst the pup had no chance whatsoever of surviving an encounter.
“Only because technology has advanced faster than the law,” she countered. “Something that will definitely be addressed now you’ve helpfully highlighted the need for
Well, shit,” Bobby agreed. “I can see you’d find that an impossible commitment to make so soon. You barely even know the guy. But the way I understand it, he’ll wait a whole lifetime for your answer. He’s never going to pressure you for your decision. So ‘cept for you getting a case of blue balls, I can’t see any problem with you stayin’ longer and giving the guy a chance to keep wooing you the old fashioned way. Keeping to your own analogy, think of it as though you tried to put your foot on the gas but Cas wants to keep it in first gear for a while longer. Can’t see that being unreasonable, Gan.  Maybe Wolfkin simply don’t share human attitudes to sex.”
“Nope. She’s given up asking whether or not I’ve seen you,” Ash said, then waited until Dean visibly relaxed before adding, “She said ‘Tell that Motherfucker, when I see him next I’m going to kick his ass so hard he’ll cough up my boot’.”
”We think so. Although, as Dean says, an actual mating bite might not make a difference at this point. It’s highly possible an
“SAVE MEEEEE,” Dean wailed, breaking his headlong dash to freeze in apparent terror in the space between Hortlan and the open hatch of the Tender, before starting to dance in place as though he was unsure of the direction in which he should flee, making it impossible for the Dom to fire at the ship without accidentally killing ‘his’ Mariposa.
“Let me cast your mind back a few hours,” Dean growled. “To the calculation that if I killed Dagon, I would be exactly
Sam staggered, barely able to keep upright as the black rocks splintered and fractured under the assault of the deafening cacophony.
“It’s probably just that you spend so little time at home,” Charlie suggested. “Cas rarely leaves his house at all. Only natural that she… I mean he… spends more time at Cas’s place. Cats like company even if they’re standoffish assholes.”
He’d barely gotten past being pissed about the Garth thing when Ash and Charlie had arrived in-game and, despite Charlie having
There was, however, a considerable upside to that fact in that the whales proved to be considerate hosts to a visiting merman. The largest and oldest of the bulls, the one nominated as their spokesperson, insisted that Castiel should rest upon his body as they talked to both ease conversation and save him from hovering for hours in the water. Although Castiel could maintain a stationary position in the sea, doing so this close to the surface where the water swelled into waves was tiring and burned more energy than he had to spare considering his erratic diet and huge energy expenditure since leaving Atlan the previous morning.
“But you’re planning on lying to him. Again,” Loki pointed out. “Why would you lie about what’s happening here if you trust him with your life? It makes no sense.”
“Um…” he eventually said. “Is that it?”  He gestured at the open door behind them, the passageway into Arthos City. “Am I free to exit?”
of performing a deed is perceived as great a sin as the actual enactment of the deed,” Jimmy replied, his expression doleful.  “It wouldn’t therefore matter, from a canonical point of view, that this is not my true flesh. The thought, the desire and definitely the enacting of the desire would be considered a mortal sin regardless.”
They had been back at the cabin for an hour or so. Just long enough for Dean to fix himself a snack - naturally - and for Cas to cut the tags out of his new clothes so that Dean could throw them all in the wash.
“My understanding is the personal heavens are tailored to the individual. This place must be the memory that makes your mother happiest. “
the black wolf panted, equally breathlessly, driving him upwards with even more enthusiasm than he had shown for catching rabbits - and an equal lack of proficiency.
genes as a recessive," he agreed. "Alphas and Omegas have mirrored genes. It’s sexism that we even use the term ‘Alpha’ line. The truth is, genetically, both Alphas and Omegas are interchangeable hosts as far as the virus is concerned.”
And, even as the man turned, his face remained in shadow because the sun was behind him, blinding in its intensity.
Hunger. Anticipation. Desire. Those were the only appropriate words to describe the emotions that caused his stomach to churn and his palms to sweat and his heart to skip into arrhythmia whenever he thought about the shopkeeper.
Dean couldn’t exactly be blamed for underestimating the problem.  During his years of playing Moondoor as a Goblin, he had received numerous Quests that involved the despatching of monsters so he knew
“Fair enough points, and yet you are looking for the answer in his genes anyway,” Gabriel pointed out.
at being dismissed from Castiel’s side, forced to obey by unbreakable thrall, Benny’s final words as he climbed in the car were wry. “For god’s sake, Boss, just let us take him out for you. We could just drive right at him, a tragic scenario of our fleeing asses ‘accidentally’ hitting his car head-on. Then you and your Omega can mourn the tragedy together. It would be romantic. Very Russian.”
a compromise between our desires and the necessity to conform to public expectations of behavior. Without rules and social constructs, we would all be little more than primitive savages,” she replied coolly. “Whilst I am sincerely relieved to hear that your
to pursue your consciousness into your world. My presence in this world is merely an inevitable consequence of your presence in mine.”
And so Gabriel laid it out for him. Step by step. Detailing the entire carefully choreographed dance that formed his original solution.
“That part isn’t actually that surprising if you think about it,” Jody said. “He met Dean at Dexter’s, which would have created a natural initial assumption, and how many people actually use names when talking to each other face to face? If Castiel was a more sociable person, it would have been cleared up much sooner because he would have mentioned Dean by name, well by the wrong name, to someone else and whoever he was talking to would have put him straight. But he doesn’t talk to other people if he can help it, so by the time he did mention the name Dexter to someone he’d already met you, so Eileen naturally thought he was talking about you.”
Not for the first time, Jimmy wondered why she reminded him so much of Meg.  Not in appearance, admittedly, but in attitude definitely.
“I do not understand this scenario,” Jimmy muttered. “That is not a dungeon Boss.  That’s a level 15 player character.  Where’s the
“I had imagined you were being tortured,” she admitted, after O’Toole had been shackled, then frogmarched inside the mansion and deposited in a room that contained a large conference table and very little else.
“Damn, you seriously need a modern cultural education,” she sighed. “But my original point stands. Even though it isn’t valid to judge Chuck by human standards, any more than you can judge a shark for simply following its nature, the biggest problem I can see is that Dean has been manipulated into being in the game by Chuck and has no idea that Chuck is the same asshole who put him in his chair. So whilst my gut tells me that stopping Cain is still probably a good thing, we still don’t know what Chuck has been trying to achieve by having Dean play a secret tenth knight.”
“I agree he’s slipping down the sliding scale of Idealism Vs Cynicism,” Ash agreed, “but it’s not his fault.
She shrugged and sneered. “Just don’t blame me if it goes tits up because you’re being a cheapskate.”
Cas took one look at the huge plates of calorific fat crispy doughnut worms dusted white with sugar, and he turned a weird shade of green.  “Perhaps,’ he suggested quietly, “food might be more appropriate
The particle weapon shot harmlessly over the sprawled Mariposa and dissolved a Qui sized hole in the side of the tender, cutting straight through its forward thrusters. Fuel poured out of its severed guts, ignited in the oxygen-rich atmosphere of the hold and the tender immediately exploded.
Castiel nodded grimly.  “Yesterday, when I was with Gan, I kept thinking I was on the brink of some kind of important understanding. But... um... I kept getting distracted.”
“Oh, shit,” she breathed. “Samuel… SAM… this is why he wanted Dean to stop playing? Why he told Dean all that shit about the tanks being dangerous? Why did he threaten to burn Dean’s rig? He was trying to hide the fact he’s working for RRE himself? That he’s a Knight of Hell too?”
He frowned.  He hadn’t seen the lop-eared rabbit since the previous evening when the poor bastard had been sodden-wet.  He hoped the rabbit hadn’t spent the night outside because it was still early enough in the year for morning frosts.
And his nose, the most important sense of all for a Wolfkin, was filled with the overwhelming scent of petrichor and blood, and silver.
The explanation actually took longer than Dean had expected. To make real sense of things he needed to go back even further into his past than his first contact with Ash.  To correctly set the scene for that meeting, he needed to explain what had brought him to a place, at fifteen years old, of not only needing the assistance of an expert computer hacker known to him only as ‘Dr BadAss’ but also having the ability required to track the infamous hacker down.
“That is the crux of the matter,” Castiel replied reluctantly. “The initial decision to use players with V.I. assistance was devised purely to prevent the inadvertent creation of a new Amara.  The developers did not wish to solve one problem by creating another.  The Knights of Hell were created as composite characters for exactly that reason.”
Castiel considered that. “I believe my brethren would say Jimmy has ‘corrupted’ me.  I, however, prefer your interpretation.”
“And how are you planning to do that?” Dean scoffed. “Where’s your proof, huh? Because, trust me, if I didn’t already know most of what you’ve told me, I would be lining up a straight-jacket for
Cas chuckled. “I’m teasing. I honestly can’t recall the last time a Wolfkin even had twins, though again it was rumored that Omegas were prone to have them.  The truth is that historically
to be considered a suitable mate. That is all. Like all Wolfkin, Omegas are olfactory-driven. And they are extremely choosy about their mates. It’s a problem, really. There’s a considerable power imbalance between Alphas and Omegas, due mainly to the different ways they react to each other’s scents. An Alpha’s scent barely even registers to an Omega unless they are highly compatible and worth consideration as a mate. If an Alpha doesn’t smell ‘right’ to an Omega, they barely smell at all and don’t have a chance in hell of being chosen.
software and players are using them in a virtual environment run by a central computer that was programmed to accept pawn sacrifice as a
Chess is a game of strategy, that I need to be proactive rather than reactive, but I’m afraid I continually allow myself to be provoked into dumbly charging in like a bull at a gate.”
More importantly though, Dean found to his surprise that he didn’t mind being the recipient of overt lustful glances. In some ways it was even empowering.  He felt as though it ought to bother him more than it actually did. As though it was a sign of how badly the Academy had screwed with his mind that he actually enjoyed being perceived as being irresistibly beautiful. Except he didn’t think it was totally fair to condemn himself for feeling some level of satisfaction at being seen as desirable.  Was it really that different from any non-designate person feeling pleased that their appearance was met with universal approval? And, truthfully, being publicly overtly lusted after wasn’t something his training had prepared him for anyway. That bizarre dichotomy caused by the necessity to be ‘polite’ to a Mariposa meant that on Earth, even were he to stand in the midst of a crowded room stark naked it would be considered ‘rude’ to glance his way with more than the idle appreciation that might be offered any other aesthetically pleasing object.
and had no intention of allowing himself to be dissuaded from his course of action didn’t make the idea of becoming a ‘murderer’ any easier to live with. Particularly since he was fully aware Dagon comprised of not just one individual but
“Perhaps,” the Reaper agreed. “Oxygen deprivation can cause hallucinations, Dean Winchester. Perhaps this is simply the few seconds between the pump ceasing and the tank opening.”
Charlie took a deep, steadying breath. Dean’s brother or not, she wasn’t sure she wanted to make the leap of faith into trusting this big lummox of a man. The fact she’d only previously encountered him whilst eviscerating him with a sword wasn’t helping her state of mind. Sure he looked as pretty and harmless as an overgrown collie-pup but so had the Knight of Hell wearing his body in Moondoor and that guy had been seriously psycho so looks meant diddly-squat didn’t they?
“Then you have two separate problems to resolve,” the Reaper pointed out. “CHUCK needs to get out of Moondoor as quickly as possible, regardless of the state of your intended vessel, and you need to stop RRE security from apprehending Sam too quickly.”
I didn’t want to fight. So they all decided I was a coward and kicked my ass out of the guild. I am now officially a ‘traitor’. They awarded me a permanent badge and everything. 5% magic debuff. Ouch.”
I can do this. It’s time to close the circle, Frank. Time for the last scene of Wolfsbane to get played out.”
“Extremely high, since she was apparently the only Demonic Lieutenant,” Castiel pointed out. “Though perhaps more demons have been promoted since our last encounter.”
But he was Dean Winchester, he reminded himself, so he put his game face on. Politely thanked Ellen for her drinks and ‘hospitality’, and then, his expression fixed into a deliberately careless smile, he sauntered out of the bar into the cool, darkness of the desert night.
Still, the pleasure Dean felt was considerably dampened by the fact Cain’s face was that of Sam.  Impossible to take true pleasure in Cain’s dismay when it was Sam’s eyes that were wide and dark with alarm.
Nothing Cain said broke through that phantom’s hold on his vessel and any attempt to slide around it, to push it backwards so he could take precedence, proved impossible. Nick’s mind just slipped around him, fracturing apart so he just slipped back through the gaps every time he thought he had made any momentary progress.
”I think it was the storm that killed it,” Cas pointed out mildly, as he joined his mate in the frozen rain.
“What?  Why?” Charlie demanded, picking up on his panic immediately but not understanding the reasoning for it.
“Fair enough,” Ash said reluctantly, accepting Dean hadn’t had much choice except to use his demonic Sigil under the circumstances. “But you should have swapped the blade at the end. If you’d used the silver knife for the deathblow, you would have avoided the SP being awarded.”
Heartbreakingly, Dean’s greatest distress - currently - was that he hadn’t been able to even say goodbye to Castiel. The Professor had escorted him to Infernum earlier that evening but then had been called away by a summons to visit his father. He still hadn’t returned from that meeting when Charlie had turned up at the club and convinced Dean he needed to run immediately or give up his opportunity to get to Nova Sergiev forever.
“Oh, pooh,” Queen Gold exclaimed. “Pay day isn’t until next week and anyway, I don’t spend money on this game if I can help it. It’s a complete money-pit. I think people who pay-to-play have more money than sense.”
from Michael Hortlan after all.  He had sworn to himself after leaving Earth that he would keep his heart shielded, wear Michael’s betrayal like armor-plating, never allow himself to be tricked again into falling in love with a liar.
Anyone who had ever met Henry Albertus Magnus Hoffman III should have attested to the fact the bull-headed bastard was perfectly compos mentis until his dying breath.  But, of course, none of those people chose to testify in her defense.
windows. But he was long past worrying about such ‘minor’ discrepancies. So he pushed the thought impatiently aside and concentrated on the Altar instead.
Cain might refuse that idea but at the very least Dean could offer to set the stall up permanently even after Cain finished his chemotherapy. Boxes filled with jars of honey and candles were heavy. Not to mention the huge urn Cain used to supply free honey-sweetened tea to encourage sales. Everything was far too heavy to be lugged around by any man in his late sixties, regardless of his state of health.
.  Dean’s non-presentation six years later had struck the final arrow into that heart. That Samuel had fathered only a Beta daughter, who had then borne a ‘mongrel’ son, had seemed to ring a death knell for the American Wolfkin.
“Perhaps it is,” she said. “Whilst I agree most magic can be explained by the science we remember, and the rest can probably be explained by the science we have long forgotten, that doesn’t negate the truth that the magic exists. The problem is not ‘Magic’. It is simply our perception of what ‘Magic’ means that is at fault. You want to know the truth? What I really think? You want me to finally admit my heretical truth? The heresy that puts me at odds even with the King of the Witches himself? I believe that there were no gods. That the Hu were never mansfish. That they are essentially no better nor worse than Mer. That we all evolved as we did through biology alone. That thousands of years ago, when our people still dwelled in shallow waters and lived in harmony with the land creatures, we built an empire so strong that we had time to develop such matters as art and science until we virtually became gods ourselves.
Cloven footprints in the soft muddy ground, dung piles, saliva on chewed grass and bark, the scent of hot blood and sweat.
“So, you were saying,” Cas said, conversationally, without pausing his assault. “You were thinking of asking Gabriel to do this instead?”
“Woah. I’m getting tag-teamed,” Dean protested weakly, wishing his damned back wasn’t hurting so  much that his primary wish was to sit down, rather than follow through on his cock’s eager reaction to the teasing.
“Fair enough,” Sam said. “Besides, your license is up to date. I dealt with that a few weeks ago. I knew you’d ask me to help you like this at
“JEFF,” Dexter yelled through the doorway. “New guy’s takin’ a book, ‘Kay?” And tugged on Castiel’s arm to propel him down the street.
Joyce frowned at the file in her hands.  “Your mother has stage four bowel cancer. She also has advanced dementia,” she said thoughtfully.
“The situation is more complex than that,” Castiel said. “Putting aside the fact that I would have been breaking the rules by doing so, which might have brought unwelcome attention towards Dean from my brethren, it is critical that Dean continues to pursue the challenge of retaining a positive faith points balance. I considered it more important for him to learn that lesson than to endear myself to him.
