"Stop talking Dean," and Dean knew what the words meant, knew they were a yes, knew that they were "of course" and "I love you too" and "always" all rolled up in one.
"Have trouble in that area old man?"
"Use your imagination," Samuel grumbled darkly, and Dean knew what he was demanding, knew the horrors he was expected to inflict.
“No, Dean, we have to stop. It doesn’t matter how much I care for you or how pleasurable our time together has been. My family simply must come first. I’m sorry.”
Dean stared at the ceiling, trying hard to avoid looking at that stupid little angel figurine that he’d never been able to bring himself to throw away, trying to avoid looking at any part of the room that reminded him where he was. Memories were all that filled this house now, and he couldn’t afford to see them. He turned to look, incapable of withstanding the pull of remembered comforts, he was so fucking weak.
Cas nodded in understanding, but he looked concerned.
“What happened to beautiful, kind, brave? Have we already passed the honeymoon phase of the relationship? Was that it? Because I gotta say, that was disappointingly short lived.”
Dean didn’t stand a chance.
Tags for this chapter:
For an unknowable length of time Dean just drifted, letting himself be broken apart, then he remembered. There was a danger in the dark, a danger in drifting, crocodiles lurked in the shadows. It was all too familiar, pain and ropes and blood pouring from him. He could see Alastair, hear the laughter ringing in his ears, feel his blood in his mouth and those words on his tongue. A hand clamped over his mouth as he screamed, and it took a moment for him to realise that the pain had stopped.
“Please what Dean? You shall have to be more specific if you wish to receive what you want.”
He let go of Cas’ hand like he’d been electrocuted. Cas looked slightly bereft, but there was no time to think about this, no time to wonder if maybe-
“Have I mentioned you’re loud and annoying?” Cas grumped, retreating back under the covers.
“Gimme a kiss before you go?” Dean looked hopeful, even as bruises bloomed across his body, and Cas gave in despite his best judgement. It was fleeting like a goodbye, and then Cas was walking away.
Castiel shifted his position to be ready to spring to action if the fight turned physical, which seemed like a very real possibility if Gabriel kept spewing mutinous thoughts in this manner.
“At least you know he loved you,” that simple smile, a reassuring pat on the shoulder.
” He quietly echoed, speaking to himself more than anything else, before drifting back to sleep.
Dean's head sunk to rest on Cas' shoulder. He didn't shake it off.
“Wrote something on a piece of paper, left it at the bar, then strode toward the exit like a man on a mission.”
Cas slowly untied him, making sure not to shock him with any movement he made, then pulled Dean into his arms and held him as he returned to himself.
“Do not laugh at me Dean, I am quite sincere.”
Castiel was a gentle lover, to a fault really, clearly terrified of hurting Dean. He supposed it was hardly surprising, with the strength of an angel all it would take was one moment of carelessness and he could destroy Dean. After all, before Dean, Cas had never had sex while in possession of his grace. Dean bore it out for as long as he could, but soon he couldn’t take it. Every kind word and soft caress sent agonising shards of guilt radiating through him, far worse than anything he had experienced in hell. He didn’t deserve this, couldn’t.
“Err, I mean...” He tried to summon the ability to laugh it off, to act like it was just an offhand comment, like there was no deeper meaning. He found himself incapable. He couldn’t lie, not about this.
Sam didn't want to see the body, or the bags they put it in, or the room that he and Ruby had shared, and, as it turned out, he especially didn't want to see Dean. If Dean had known that would be the outcome, he would probably have told him to look. Sam hadn't looked at him since.
This was stupid, so so stupid. Cas knew the risks, should Uriel find out, or Dean decide to kill him at his most vulnerable. His eyes scanned the street as he lowered the blinds in the small room they’d paid for, charged by the hour. It was dingy and decayed and probably filthy, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He wasn’t scared of Dean, but for him, and that fact terrified him. Tomorrow they would both behave as they should. Tonight they were just two people who couldn’t bear to let go. Tonight felt like goodbye.
Dean settled under the covers, curling up beside Cas, an arm draped around his middle.
He waved a hand in the general direction of the bedside table, already turned to mush with barely a touch, but it seemed to be enough. Supplies were retrieved and, with as little fanfare as anything else tonight, slick fingers speared into him. Dean cried out as he was briskly scissored open, writhing in a heady combination of pleasure and pain.
“You can’t tell me what to do. You’re not an archangel yet you know.”
“You are intimately aware of that fact. Do not forget what I am capable of doing to you.”
He stood quickly, sending the chair clattering to the floor, he needed to move.
He knew he was repeating himself, but he had to be certain, had to ensure he was not misreading Dean’s desires. Their dynamic was one wrong move away from crumbling, turning into something darker, or worse yet; something honest. This had to be done right or he wouldn’t manage it at all.
“Leading was never for me, but I didn’t sign on to be a mindless goon in a never ending pointless war, whatever you may think you great big bag of-“
"Yeah, guess you're right there."
He laid him down across the desk and slowly, so slowly, opened him up. He was already hardening again. Seeing Dean rendered mute and pliant, covered in his come, was turning him on like crazy. Still, he took his time, enjoying the way Dean twitched and writhed as he held on to the edge. Dean wouldn't come, not obedient as he was now, Cas was sure of it. Still, Cas would not make it easy for him. He fucked Dean deep and demanding, not roughly, but thoroughly. Dean gasped out his pleasure, gripping the sides of the desk tighter and tighter as Cas pounded mercilessly at his prostate.
“Step out of your trousers and turn around.” Cas commanded, releasing Dean’s cock and walking over to the bedside table.
He reached a hand down and slowly pulled the trench coat off Cas' shoulders. Cas stirred a little and Dean froze. When he didn't wake Dean moved on to the jacket. He just wanted to see the solid muscle he'd felt pressed against him, see how much of him was tanned, see if he had freckles sprinkled across his back like Dean did. It didn't seem like an unfair demand.
“One more night. Please. Call it a last request or whatever. I need...“ He needed Cas, he needed forever. A night was all he could get.
"You've already lost me."
"You are not in control here, boy, things stop when I say they stop," he pumped his cock brutally, Dean's gasps making him smile around the words. "You will receive as much, or as little, as I see fit," Dean was so hard, Cas knew that he could make him come in an instant, but that would hardly qualify as punishment, and Dean was not even close to defeat. "Question my ruling and you shall receive nothing at all," he withdrew his hand, chuckling at Dean's hissed profanities while his body bucked at nothing.
"Why are you here?"
“No, it would never work.”
"Not yet."
The Winchesters not getting along
Dean blew him a kiss and turned on his heel, only avoiding running for the amount of time it took him to get out of sight. He was terrified, exhilarated, back to that high he had been missing. The game was no fun without a little danger.
Dean pulled the key to the handcuffs out of his pocket, waving it cheerily at Cas.
“What I have to do,” with every word Sam looked more and more like John. Dean couldn’t bear it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me cackling evilly
Rough sex
He obeyed instantly, coating both of them in streaks of white, and the look of ecstasy on his face drove Cas over immediately after.
Cas sighed.
Dean squirmed slightly, confirming that Cas' diagnosis had been correct.
The weight of agreement settled across the table, distancing the rest of the world, sharpening the space between them.
He closed his eyes as he thrust the knife deep into Uriel's chest.
*************************
Cas was silent for a moment, but Dean had already figured out where in the room he stood. He was inches away, so close that he could practically feel the hairs on the back of Cas’ neck standing on end when he spoke again.
“I learnt that from the babysitter.” Rather than eliciting a laugh from Dean, this time the resulting sound was more like a whimper, that was quickly cut off as Cas lowered himself down against his body, thigh rubbing against Dean’s raging hard-on through way too many layers of fabric.
He leaned into the touch, a laugh bubbling up in his chest, something giddy and full of love.
“Next time,” Cas returned, a threat in his tone.
Comfortable silence, wordless understanding, so unreliable without agreed terms. Like tone in text messages, even the simplest thing could be misunderstood. And it was the simplest thing, truly, the easiest thing in Dean’s life. He loved Cas. He had always loved Cas. Loving Cas was like breathing, simpler still, a fact of existence that did not need explaining. It was, just was, and he had no trouble accepting that, not anymore. Sometimes you just know something, sometimes knowing is all that’s necessary. Of course there had been doubts, fears, self examinations that he had to have. Breakups and fights and so many miscommunications, but they’d been through that, they’d come out stronger. Things had been clear. He hadn’t thought he needed to say the words.
Cas took a step closer, and Dean suddenly found that he had lost his ability to speak.
"Look after Sam. I can't do it anymore."
Cas' eyes took on a mischievous glint.
Cas slapped him across the face hard enough to bruise. Dean’s eyes dilated almost violently.
Bondage
Dean slept better than he ever had that night, the next, and every night for the rest of his life. With his angel beside him no nightmares could come, only pleasant dreams and even better waking, only a simple life of a simple man and the cosmic being that loved him.
Dean kissed the nervous expression off his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ugh, mornin’. What've you got there Cas?" Dean suspiciously eyed the parcel the angel was holding.
"They will pay dearly for this," Uriel practically growled.
“Now that is something I am happy to deliver. What is your safe word?”
It seemed so simple, to Sam, so clear. Dean had barely had the strength to admit what Cas had said, all choking sobs and abject terror, let alone have his side of the conversation now it could not be heard.
“And don’t get Sammy in trouble.” He trusted Cas, but Gabriel was another matter. The kid was a menace. Admittedly Dean wasn’t exactly the poster child for good behaviour and clean living himself, but everything he did was for the sake of looking after his brother, whereas Gabe just seemed to want to wreak havoc.
They slowly drank their coffee. Each quiet as they prepared for what came next.
"The things I would do to you," his voice was deeper then he had heard it before, raspy and practically dripping sex."I could make you scream with pleasure, or pain, whichever you desire."
"Wait," he mumbled.
“Open your mouth, now.”
“Yeah yeah, you or Cas?”
Cas grabbed the knife he kept underneath his pillow and began cutting away Dean’s clothing.
“Fucking do it then.”
“There’s no need for jealousy Dean. I will be with you for the rest of one of our lives.”
“Well pull it together. Be the man I... I want it like it was before.”
"Well," the asshole somehow lowered his voice further, obviously pretty fucking aware of the effect it had on people, "we can’t have that."
“Regardless, I am putting an end to it. Goodbye Dean. Do not call this number again, I will not answer it.”
It was days before he saw Cas again. The angel appeared without warning, standing behind him in the bathroom, the shock causing Dean to drop the toothbrush he had been holding and tense with the memories that lay in wait every second of every day, ready to pounce.
. Cas’ eyes widened.
"Well what are you waiting for? Remember what I did to you, how I tied you up and fucked you, how I took what wasn't mine. Take it back. Fucking take it back."
(See the end of the chapter for
He clambered into the bed, pulling Dean after, needing that warmth to engulf him, content with the feeling of Dean’s body pressing down on his. He wasn’t in a rush to speed things up. He needed contact, intimacy. Sex would just bring things to an end. Dean was less patient. He quickly lubed up Cas’ cock, waving away the condom that Cas proffered. The lure of skin on skin was too great to resist. They were probably clean, and this was the last chance they would receive, it was a risk he was willing to take. If sex with Dean was what killed him he would die happy. Dean lowered himself determinedly, groaning as Cas breached him. Cas’ fingers fisted the sheets, seeking purchase on reality, finding none.
"When'd you give up?" Sam’s voice had gone quiet, pained. Dean ached to take back the hurt, but he knew he couldn’t do it, not this time.
A slick finger probed at his entrance, running circles around the rim, before pushing in. Dean felt his muscles contract at the intrusion, his body fighting the sensation, no matter how much he wanted it. He tried to push back onto the finger, take it deeper, but Cas held him steady.
"Come on Sammy. You don't want to see this."
Cas' forehead crinkled with concern, he moved infinitesimally closer, soothing in his proximity.
“Yes, well, I can’t help but think that the gold bikini would suit you better.”
Cas pulled out and Dean whined at the loss.
He had known it would happen sooner or later, he'd just been hoping for later. Still, he wouldn't let sentiment get in the way of doing his damn job. It wasn't even like Cas didn't deserve it, he'd killed so many of Dean's friends. Normally he'd have been itching for this kill. As it was, the sense of loss was palpable. However he had vowed to himself, when he had started this, that he would end it should things come to that. It would hurt for a time and then he would move on. It would just be another scar, lost amongst the others.
When had Cas started dishing out kindness?
“I’ve never seen the sea.”
Cas glanced up at him then, unable to draw his gaze away now that he had allowed himself to look, blinking slightly before he remembered himself.
“Can we what? What do you want?” Cas walked around the bed to where he lay, kneeling down so his face was level with Dean’s, concern creasing those beautiful features. Dean sat up slightly.
Dean gulped, suddenly unable to find his voice. He looked away from the angel’s piercing gaze. This whole situation now making him intensely uncomfortable. Cas reached out and roughly raised Dean’s chin, holding it in place until Dean reluctantly locked eyes with him.
Dean gulped as he read and reread the letter, looking at the phone number, at the words that promised (threatened?) so much. He nearly dialled more times than he would admit, before dropping his phone on the floor somewhere and resolving to at least try to go back to sleep. A few more hours would sort his hangover out. A few more hours would help him make sense of that letter, of the thrill that it had sent through him. A few more hours was a nice idea, but it wasn’t to be. His phone rang.
“Stop sending me pornography Dean!” The panic in the angel’s voice only served to make Dean laugh harder.
Butt plugs
He should have been able to kiss him before he went. He shouldn’t have had to watch love be snatched away from him while he watched, helpless. He should have been able to make Cas smile like he had, oh so briefly, every day for the rest of his life. He should get to have two pillows on his bed, warmth on the other side.
Cas nipped at Dean's ass, not hard enough to hurt, but still making him yelp.
Cas flew through the air, colliding with Dean, thankfully, rather than the wall. His body was warm against his, firmer than he’d imagined, no, wait, never imagined. He had never imagined that. Nope.
"Then it's not."
“You hear that John? Your son gave you up.”
Sam squirmed throughout. His brother had never been the type to sit still for long periods of time. He supposed that was a good thing, it would help with the reflexes when their father decided it was time. He pushed those thoughts aside quickly. They weren’t there yet, and if this was his last Halloween before things changed, he would make it count.
Castiel blinked awake, looking up at him with a sleepy expression that Dean would have been tempted to kiss off his face mere moments ago.
Was he seriously bribing him with candy,
"Seeing you squirm gets me hard," Cas said, keeping his tone even, the words matter of fact.
"Out of the closet?" Dean sighed, really, really not wanting to explain any further. "Sam was just being a dick."
Mentions of kink
There was a silence, like the gap where a breath should be, like someone gasping for air.
This got a genuine laugh from the other man. Dean grinned triumphantly, he was certain that such a moment was rare.
Cas growled, a low rumble that reverberated through Dean's body. He gulped in air as the angel sucked a hickey onto his neck, biting and licking at every inch of exposed skin he could find, tracing a path down. Cas glared at Dean’s jeans like they’d caused some kind of personal offense, and clicked his fingers. Dean jumped as cold air suddenly touched his bare legs, only registering the red silk that was now all he was wearing as Cas leant forward and nuzzled it. Dean's dick grew achingly hard at the attention. The slide of the silk as the angel's warm mouth ghosted kisses to his crotch could almost have set him off then and there, if Cas hadn't chosen that moment to pull away.
Ruby was on her phone. Ruby was always on her phone, and damn protective of the thing, which, as he now realised, should have given him a clue something was up.
Dean didn’t even consider responding, something that he knew he would have to assess at a later date, but for now all he could muster was a whine of need.
Extreme blushing risks
“Well...” Dean grabbed a handful of sweets from Sam’s bag, ignoring Sam’s protests as he opened a chocolate bar and devoured it slightly too quickly.
“I never said I wasn’t willing, merely questioned the presence of a choice.”
“What do you think? Will the cuffs cut into your flesh as I fuck you?” Cas moaned. “Yes, I think they will, and you know what? I think you want that. I think you’ll look at the vivid red lines on your wrists and you’ll remember me, I think you’ll enjoy that reminder as you touch yourself, maybe you’ll even press into them, to renew that feeling. I know I’ve enjoyed every reminder that you’ve left me, every bruise, every mark of ownership,” Dean’s voice broke with the words, his control slipping.
“Do you want me to do it?” Dean wanted to do it. Dean wanted to take that burden from his brother so freaking bad.
Dean flushed crimson as he organised an ambulance. He listened to Cas give a dishonest explanation for the injury as they waited for the vehicle to arrive, silently thanking him for having the lingering good sense to not tell his little brother the truth.
Dean being an idiot
“Yes, very interesting indeed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A second knock sounded, closely followed by a third. Dean groaned and slowly stood up. The fourth knock was louder than the first three, and Dean cursed as he attempted to steady himself in the shifting room.
He was pulled through the room like a hostage in a gunfight, all violence disguised as affection. The hand around his waist pulling him close and gripping him tight enough to bruise. He couldn't tell if Cas had always been intending to seat them at the table in the dead centre of the room or if he had only decided to do so when he felt Dean leaning towards the darkest corner booth. It was a decision that infuriated him, they were far too exposed here, but he clamped his mouth shut as Cas squeezed him slightly tighter in warning. Yes, he might as well have been a hostage, for all the choice he was being afforded.
Cas looked at him like he could see what he was hiding, perhaps he could. What little resolve Dean had maintained crumbled.
you talk to anyone?”
Dean licked his lips and stared up at him. Cas wasn’t sure if he had forgotten the question or was just choosing to disobey, but he suspected the latter. He slapped him again and felt Dean’s cock twitch against him.
Dean held Cas closer, taking most of his weight as his legs stopped holding him up.
“What for?” Dean asked, feeling that he should be the one doing the thanking.
It wasn’t until weeks later, on a particularly bad night, while he could still feel the pain as something individual and was clinging to that terrible hope that they would stop, before it all blurred together and he sank into a state beyond reason where all he was was pain, that it occurred to him that he had seen Ruby before he had passed out. The sight of her laughing at him, face contorted into something mocking and evil, had scared him more than all their knives and needles and devices that defied description. She was still with Sam, the demon on his shoulder, in his bed. He might be dead already, or in the room next to his, undergoing the same treatment.
“Damn right I did Deana. You and big bro over there been making googly eyes at each other since the dawn of existence.”
He could almost feel the cruel smile on the face of the man above him as his vision started to darken. With as little warning as anything else Castiel seemed to do, his cock pulsed, thick come rushing down Dean’s throat. Dean was on the verge of passing out when he was finally allowed to breathe again. Allowed? That didn’t sound right. Since when did Dean need to be ‘allowed’ to do anything?
“I’m not going anywhere.” He groaned at the petulance in Cas’ tone. There was no moving him when he sounded like that, he knew from experience.
“You sure I’m the one with the head injury?” No one knew him better than Cas, no one ever had.
"Don't care." Dean mumbled. "Worth it."
Dean stepped towards him and took the angel’s hands in his own.
the one with the head injury, because this had to all be some kind of elaborate hallucination.
Cas laughed at that. He was absolutely certain that, in the state Dean had been reduced to, he was not a threat in the slightest.
Cas chuckled and gripped the back of Dean's neck, shoving him down over the dresser.
It seemed stupid now but Dean always assumed that Cas was the smart one, imbued with the wisdom of millennia. He hadn’t taken in that he truly was a baby in a trench coat, even worse at understanding the way he was seen by others, understanding love, than Dean himself. He supposed, for all that time in heaven, Cas had lived with emotions for no more than a decade. He might as well have been a child, for all he understood. Cas, Jack, it was so easy to forget youth when it wears the face of experience.
Dean wasn’t good with words; neither out loud nor mentally. He wasn’t good at identifying thoughts and turning them into something he could explain. He hoped he conveyed his meaning in touch, in facial expressions and body language, he hoped Cas could see inside his mind. Until that confession, until the fire burned bright and then was gone, he had thought that Cas had known. That, above all else, was what glued him in place, what deadened his tongue. Cas had told him he didn’t have to say it. Cas had said he knew. How could Cas have been so wrong? How could Dean? Too late now, to rectify that blindness, too late to have what he’d already thought they had.
“Dude, I’m not the only one who made some mistakes in junior high. The name April ring any bells?”
smiling.
Winchester family disputes
Dean took hold of his arm as Cas began to stand, stopping him and pulling him back down.
Dean didn’t realise he was still inching away until the back of his legs hit the bed, and he found himself pinned, between it, and the firm body of the angel. His breaths came fast and shallow, Cas simply staring him down for what felt like an eternity. Then Cas closed what little space there was between them, and kissed Dean insistently. Dean found his lips moving against his will, until the fog in his mind cleared, and he pushed the angel away.
Cas stroked his hair gently, pressing soft kisses to his forehead and the corners of his lips as he fought for air.
Cas closed the distance between them in a heartbeat and, before Dean could protest, pressed his lips against Dean’s. Dean gave into the sensation, lips crushing against lips, pulling Cas closer, closer…
"Please I... I need..."
Cas shrugged in an all too familiar gesture, his head cocked to one side, assessing Dean’s reactions.
“No, pretty sure I do. Dean, I wanna be with you, in the biblical sense.” And there it was. Dean let out a hysterical laugh.
“It keeps doing that.”
Perhaps it was Dean's expression that did it, perhaps it was just her words, but Sam lunged forwards, knife held firm in his hands. She didn't look so smug while the life was bleeding out of her, Dean noted with a tinge of satisfaction. Sam though, his expression was shattered, a broken mirror that would condemn Dean to more years of bad luck than he could bear. Ruby was just spluttering, choking on blood while Sam held her, tears running down his face, seemingly frozen. Dean sprang into action, this he could help with, if nothing else. He gently pried Sam's hand from the knife, taking it in his own and twisting it.
Cas smirked at him.
“We ain’t got money for costumes Sammy, can’t trick or treat without a costume.”
He breached the rim slowly, tenderly, not increasing in pace or ferocity, even as Dean began to beg. The self loathing pouring out as if a dam had been broken, drowning Cas, only causing him to chase Dean's pleasure more intently, like it was air. He was practically sobbing, and Cas pulled himself away, caressing Dean's cheek and pressing spit slick lips to his dry ones.
“Oh shut up and let me fuck you.”
Yes, there was that danger, an electric threat crackling behind his eyes. Dean tried to push two of the shots towards Cas, but was stopped with a look.
"That was so freaking stupid."
“You’re being…Too nice to me.” Dean looked directly at him with those last words. Too late to turn back now.
Dean had been about to take a bite of, what would turn out to be, the last pie he would see for four months. Sam had been telling some heart eyed story about Ruby and... yoga or something, Dean had been kinda distracted by the pie, and who cared about that bitch anyway? He was moments away from a mouthful of cream and cherries and the best damn crust in town, when he’d had to drop his food and jump to his feet.
They slowly separated, unwillingly, Dean whining for him to come back. Cas grinned and took a drag from the spliff, breathing out smoke in a satisfied sort of way. Dean stared at the lips that had so recently been on his, just looking in a way he had never allowed himself to do before.
Dean’s entire body was shaking as he watched his father being lowered into the dirt. He couldn’t meet the eyes of his brother, watching him far too knowingly from the other side of the grave. He could feel half of the congregation casting glances at him, hear low murmurs as he found himself incapable of throwing dirt on the coffin of a man he might as well have killed. His stitches ached beneath the tight confines of the suit he’d been forced to wear. The pain was nothing, not after what he’d endured, but the reminder of what he’d done made his stomach turn. Every rustle of fabric, every breath of air over the wounds he hadn’t been able to cover, had him tumbling back into that room. A hand clapped him on the shoulder and he jolted violently.
“I never got your name.”
“Careful with that kind of talk Gabriel, people will begin to think your loyalties are being misplaced.”
Asshole, he thought, before exhaustion wrapped tendrils around his mind and he drifted off to sleep.
Cas snorted.
He was saved.
“What would you have me do?”
Dean looked ready to say no, then bit his lip before speaking. Cas could practically see the thoughts flitting across his face: confusion, doubt, realisation. He swallowed, blinking back tears.
“But-“
"Then why did you stop?" He grumbled.
"You think something has changed son? Ain't nothing changed. You've been a damn mess since your mother died, then worse since your idjit of a father had you shooting folks for the first time. You were barely out of diapers and you were already past fixin’. That don't matter to them that love you. Get over yourself and pick up the damn phone."
"How am I supposed to live like that?" Dean's voice broke over the words.
They both collapsed on the bed, and Dean for some reason found himself wondering if Cas had cured his headache at some point in the undressing process, a thought that was quickly whisked away as Cas turned him on his side and kissed him slowly, sweetly, before unbuckling the belt that Dean now realised was still wrapped around his wrists. His arms felt stiff, his wrists sore from where he hadn't even realised he'd been straining against the bonds, but the rest of his body was just so damn relaxed that he couldn't even bring himself to care.
Tags for this chapter:
If Sam noticed the way the tremors increased after that he didn’t say anything.
"But you seek forgiveness?"
Dean grinned a falsely cocky grin, holding his arms out wide like he was inviting a bullet.
The more Dean thought about it the more he felt like he should be mad, but he wasn't, that was the strange thing. He knew he liked being left unsatisfied sometimes, but what Cas had done was something far beyond that. He had destroyed him with barely more than a few words, cruelly broken him apart and left him to suffer. He also knew that, being honest with himself, that was exactly what he liked about it. He tried being mad, over the next few days, but when it came down to it thinking about that night just made him horny and desperate to do better next time. Desperate to be good, of all things. He hadn't wanted to be good in years.
Violence
He made eye contact with Dean as he swallowed him all the way down, watching as his eyes rolled back in his head. He had always been good at this, and he had never been more grateful for that fact. It wasn’t long before Dean was coming in his throat, hands buried in his hair, gasping like he’d forgotten how to breathe. He swallowed every drop and pulled off with a pop as Dean collapsed bonelessly to the bed.
“Good boy,” Castiel murmured as he unzipped his jeans.
Danger of black nail polish relapse
"Yeah. One day at a time."
Power play
Samandriel suffering unfairly in all universes
(I mean, if you've read this far you can probably handle a little bloodshed, but just in case)
Cas buried his face between Dean’s legs, needing to hide from the eyes that he was going to close, needing to give a lifetime of pleasure in a single night.
“Here,” Cas handed him the tattered remnants of his clothes, the shredded fabric covering far too little, knowing that he could not give him more and maintain the illusion. Still, he laid his trench coat over Dean’s shoulders, fastening it for him even as he protested. “I don’t want to scare my neighbours,” he shrugged, not believing the excuse for a second. If he could keep Dean warm until business was done perhaps that would go some of the way towards healing him.
Dead things shouldn’t cry.
He had just poked a hornets’ nest, and he couldn’t wait to get stung.
“I’m not pouting.” He visibly forced himself to stop pouting.
“Well get on with it then, I can’t hang around all day,” Cas’ lips twitched as he looked up at the chains suspending him from the ceiling.
Dean leaned his head against the wall, cold against his burning skin.
“You never had him.”
The thought came, unbidden, that Cas could kill him so easily right now. A thousand images flashed through his mind, half memory, half that terrible imagination he could never shut down. He shoved those thoughts away as best he could, thinking better of his earlier decision and turning Dean to face him again, needing the reminder that he was alive.
"Oh fuck," Dean couldn't stop the words escaping his mouth as he let the shirt drop and backed away from the bed.
"You're gonna have to kill me."
Mentions of violence
"You should have told me about the handcuffs before I used my belt." He whispered hotly in Dean's ear, and Dean shuddered, instantly back on board with the whole sex thing.
Dean was a hunter, and god damn it he could hunt his own prey if he wanted to, regardless of orders, or good sense.
“So what are you thinking?” Dean’s smile didn’t reach his eyes, “pick up where we left off?”
“No, Dean, you are seldom correct in these matters.”
“I suggest, in the meantime, we put our weapons away and conduct a civil conversation.”
Cas didn’t move, didn’t raise his hands in submission, Dean shook slightly. How did he have the power even as Dean pointed a gun at his head? He should kill him, he could swear he intended to, but his finger simply wouldn’t pull the trigger.
“Dean? Are you okay?” Cas turned Dean to face him and looked deep into his eyes. Dean nodded mutely.
Cas bit into his shoulder, teeth breaking skin and not letting go even as he raked nails down Dean’s sides. He was almost feral, moving up to kiss him with blood still on his lips. Dean wished he couldn’t see the panic in his eyes. As if hearing his thoughts Cas tied a swathe of fabric around his head, blindfolding him with what, Dean realised, had been the hem of his shirt. The darkness was a welcome reprieve, allowing him to sink into sensation and forget, for a while, what this was doing to Cas.
Dean smiled that performative smile. He was happy for Sammy, he was. He really freaking loved Eileen. He loved seeing his brother happy. He was so fucking pleased for them. Claire and Kaia too, adorable, young love. Why was the next generation so much freer? Why wasn’t he born when they were? If he’d been born twenty years later maybe he... maybe Cas...
“Not what I mean, Cas. I need to get over this… whatever this is. I need to replace those memories with something new, something good.”
Castiel clearly knew where he was going, he turned Dean away from his car and led him on foot to a restaurant a few blocks away.
Cas nodded softly.
"You can, and you will. I killed Uriel, you killed me, it's all good."
“I am aware.”
He didn’t know why he continued to do it, keep sending the links to those videos, the inappropriate texts late at night when he’d drunk too much to hold himself back. He staunchly refused to see any deeper reasons for his actions, it was a joke, and nothing else. A joke he would never mention to Sammy, or discuss out loud when he came into contact with the angel. A totally normal hetero joke, and the butterflies that fluttered in his stomach every time he saw Cas squirm when they locked eyes were caused by stress, or hunger, or the sport of messing with the angel. That was all. Just a joke.
Violence
Cas stood up and began pulling off his clothes, something wicked in his expression as he did so. Dean tried to slow his breathing, with no success.
“Can’t make any promises.” Sam called back.
Dean nearly choked on his soup.
Dean had no idea how he still had the brain cells left to think of cleanup as Cas proceeded to wipe them both down with a t-shirt.
Nothing new
Before Dean could blink Castiel had closed the distance between them, crowding Dean up against the alley wall. Dean swallowed at the intensity of the eyes that met his, and held them, with a magnetism that Dean found himself powerless to resist. He let out a gasp as Castiel ground against him, a gasp that was instantly cut off when he kissed him, hot and heavy, all teeth and furious tongue.
Dean's cock twitched, but his hands stayed fisted at his sides. Good, progress was being made.
Dean's eyes widened at that, but before he could respond, Sam sauntered off, whistling of all things, like it was the best day of his miserable life.
The cold air of the outside world came none too soon, Dean was vibrating out of his skin, desperate to see and taste and touch.
He forced his arms to move into position behind his back, then stilled, waiting.
Dean closed his eyes in the hope that cutting out the sight of the room in which it had happened would curtail the memory, before it turned sour, that he could live in the moment before safety had been forgotten. No such luck. Fire danced beneath his eyelids, Mary’s cries and Sammy screaming in his arms. It was almost like he could smell the acrid smoke, even though that scent had faded long ago. He started to sweat at the memory of the heat that had burnt into him even without the touch of flames on his skin, and by association the burning hot metal that, later, had. Memories had a strange habit of merging with one another, no matter how distanced they were by time and circumstance. One fire was much like another, burning flesh smelt the same whether it was his mother’s or his own. He wished he hadn’t known what she must have felt in those last moments. He would have taken all the tortures in the world to rid her of that brief moment of suffering before the end. He hoped it had been brief, she’d stopped screaming quick enough, even if the sound had never really stopped ringing in his ears.
Castiel did not have the time for this.
“Angels are watching over you,” that’s what she’d said, as she tucked him into bed that night. They fucking should have been. The words had a different meaning now, speaking of fire and blood and those commanding eyes that wouldn’t leave him the hell alone. Still, the care with which she had spoken them rang steadily through the ages, the warmth of her touch, the gentle graze of her lips on his forehead. He’d felt so safe.
"Feeling a little indecisive there cowboy?" Dean asked with a raised eyebrow and a cocky smile.
Cas hadn’t missed the slip in Dean’s persona, the truth that had almost been spoken, it pained him deeply to hear those almost words coming from the wrong version of Dean, as a plea for anything so dark as he was asking. Still, he understood. He saw how a return to the roles they had played, before things had got so complicated, might be the only way he could accept both the pleasure that Cas longed to give him and the aggression that the situation necessitated. Dean couldn’t give what he had before, it needed to be taken. Cas rolled his shoulders back, like he was priming ink dark wings for flight, and pulled on the mask that never usually slipped.
Sam just sighed, shaking his head and moving on.
Rimming
"There isn't," Dean sounded so damn sure. "One more kiss for the road?"
“God I hate this.”
“Won’t say it later, never say it.” Cas frowned.
“Dick.”
Dean found himself unconsciously running his fingers over his lips as he thought of the night before, of the slow almost tender way Castiel had fucked him, almost like-
“Do you know why you are to be punished?”
“There’s pie.”
"If I don't get my grades up I’m gone." He let out a mirthless laugh. "I'm screwed Cas, I'm so screwed."
He didn’t say that he wasn’t so sure that it would be, but the thought burned bright in his mind, lingering far beyond the conversation. Even as that awareness scared him, he knew that his life would be far easier if Dean simply drank himself away. No matter how much he hoped that he wouldn’t, no matter how much the idea of losing Dean for any reason made his heart ache in a way that was utterly unfamiliar, yet instantly dangerously identifiable. Castiel had never expected to find love, it was a shame he should have to kill it.
Cas stared at him, both of them breathing heavily, the weapon hanging in the air like the answer that wasn't being spoken, and yet might as well have been. The words were loud despite their silence.
"And if it's not?"
Cas' gaze darkened, and he breached the short distance instantly. His kiss was bruising now, passionate, almost aggressive. Dean couldn't get enough of it. Cas slowly walked him back towards his room, not breaking the kiss for a second. He only paused long enough to slam the door shut, before shoving Dean up against it and practically ripping the shirt from his chest.
“Your back catalogue is infinitely worse than mine, and there is nothing you can say to the contrary.”
“She’s my girlfriend. It should be me,” Sam’s jaw twitched, the hurt breaking through. He’d loved her, Dean didn’t get why, but he knew he had. Dean’s luck was pretty bad, but he didn’t think he could bear that kind of betrayal.
"Dick."
“Fine then, don’t. I don’t even want a fucking funeral. Let me rot like nature intended.”
Cas walked down the alley at a slow pace, whistling the chorus of Hey Jude and listening to the panicked breathing, the yelp; a doomed soul realising his mistake. He grinned wolfishly as his prey ran up against a locked fence, razor wire making it impossible to scale. Not that he would have had time anyway. The hunter turned slowly, watching as Castiel approached.
He was too good at this, too good at killing, no one ever put up a decent fight. The battle was over before it started and, in the end, it left him cold.
Dean cried out. He felt Castiel falter for a moment, lessening the pressure on his back with the hint of a question. Dean nodded his head a fraction of an inch, and that was all the confirmation Cas needed. He resumed fucking Dean, each thrust somehow harder than the last, reaching depths Dean didn’t know he had.
He still hoped Sam was alright.
Cas shrugged like it was nothing.
“Leave me alone.”
Dean groaned. He was sure that this night would be seared into his memory as surely as the handprint was emblazoned on his shoulder, and, he quickly realised, he wouldn’t have it any other way.
The angel snorted a laugh, and Dean looked up at the sudden break from the dominant demeanour. Cas was biting his lip, unsuccessfully trying to hold back an amused grin.
Cas turned to face Dean, taking in his shocked expression.
“But just think how good it would feel. We’re great together and you know it. Come on man, we’ve been fucking for a while and it ain’t caused any problems yet.”
Chuck died as he lived, alone, and fundamentally unimportant.
Cas' hands were shaking around the gun. The logic had hit him hard, the inescapable answer. Dean couldn’t suffer again, and Michael would make sure he did. Not Cas, not now, a quick bullet and it would be over.
“I…” He faltered and reached for the bottle again, taking a sip to calm his nerves. “I… Dammit Cas, I don’t know how to talk about this! It’s been so long. I…” Fresh tears started to pour from his eyes, he angrily wiped them away. “I got raped.” He stared at his hands as he spoke, afraid to see the angel’s response to his words. “I went to a bar, and I drank too much, and this guy, this big brute of a guy, he followed me to the toilets and he-” his whole body shuddered with the intensity of the memory, verbalising the truth was somehow amplifying the power it held over him.
He rounded on Sam in outrage.
"Now now Dean, we both know you like pain as much as pleasure. It's hardly a punishment if you enjoy it."
He could feel the tremor that the words sent through Cas. He smiled, the desired effect achieved. He ran his hand down Cas’ front, tilting his head to the side, exposing his neck and kissing goose bumps onto his flesh. His hand progressed downwards over his muscled torso, his lips continuing their assault on his neck, his shoulders, his upper back, the straining muscles of his arms. He touched his dick, feather light, before gripping and setting up a steady rhythm. Cas’ back heaved, half collapsing against Dean’s chest as his toes curled away from the ground, all his weight now being taken by his arms.
If there was defiance left in him Dean would not be satisfied, of that he was certain. This was a battle, one Dean had to lose, however Cas still had duty of care.
“Nick.”
“Dean, are you feeling alright?”
He could forgive himself in a fight. They got in a few good licks, he got in a few better. That was fair. That was simple. Nothing about this was simple.
Dean shook himself; he had to get it together. He couldn’t let himself get distracted by Cas doing... whatever he was doing. The priority right now had to be Cas’ wellbeing.
"It would not be wise to underestimate me Dean Winchester."
“Need any help with that?” Sam volunteered instantly.
Tags for this chapter:
He hung up, protocol followed, and rubbed a hand across his face. He looked down at his cock.
"Why couldn't you have just stayed sober?" Cas forced some steel into the words, as if they were anything but broken.
"Just a little longer."
"If it's meant to be it will be."
particular video, and a delicious shiver wracked its way through his body.
He removed the rest of his clothes and walked back into Dean's line of sight, watching his hands twitch, clearly fighting the urge to touch, to remove the gag, to do something. Cas would not bind him, that would make things far too easy, Dean's greatest struggle would be self control.
And they were, when they finally returned from the hospital, which had been far too busy for Dean’s comfort, they found their brothers curled up on the couch, asleep amongst a sea of candy wrappers. Dean rolled his eyes and tidied up the mess, then followed Cas upstairs.
Dean took a deep breath, praying for something, anything, to give him strength.
"What's your name?"
********************
"No, Dean, hold your horses, I'm fine," he sighed that I'm-holding-something-back sigh that he knew so well. Dean clenched his teeth.
"Well it should have been Sam. I was fucking broken. I'd been alone for so long and I thought I'd got you back. At least that one thing, that one good thing, hadn't been taken from me. And then you up and fucking left," Dean was practically shouting now, and it wasn't fair, he knew it wasn't fair, but he couldn't seem to stop.
“I miss Cas,” he sobbed, quietly, in the direction of the door.
He thought, perhaps, a breaking point would come, and yet it never did. Dean sobbed into his punishment after a time, writhing and crying out, but every time Cas began to slow, to soften the impact or bring things to a close, Dean would level a challenging glare at him and Cas would know that his work wasn't done.
Dean kissed him ferociously, and Cas moaned into his mouth, erection rubbing against his enemy’s hip.
(See the end of the chapter for
“See you tomorrow brother,” Uriel smirked as he followed Michael out of the room, and Cas knew he would never forgive him for what he had done, for punishing him for something so pure as love. It was over, everything was lost, and there was nothing he could do about it.
The phone rang, and rang, and rang, with no answer. It clicked over to an impersonal answering machine and something dropped in Dean's stomach, the protective fear he hadn't felt since Sam had left. He had always assumed that Sam was gone from his life because he did not want him in it. Now his mind supplied a litany of darker explanations. He dialled again, pacing a path between the horrors he had wreaked. He didn't care if the hand combing nervously through his hair left behind a trail of red, he just needed Sam to pick up.
“Yeah, next time.”
The bottle of whiskey his dad had saved for a special occasion all those years ago, that's what it meant. Had to find warmth somehow.
Dean flinched, his body seeming to pull towards the knife even as it sought distance from the words.
The room went cold, Cas’ speeding breath misting the air, goose bumps appearing on his skin. Dean grabbed his arm, pulling him out of the way as a pile of boxes collapsed where he had just been standing. They fell to the floor, landing half on top of one another. Dean’s breath caught in his throat. Cas’ lips were so close to his own, he found himself leaning closer, before his brain kicked in and he jumped to his feet.
Dean's brain was still in a fog, or he'd probably have done something to stop the inevitable.
"Shh," Cas pressed a kiss against the shaking skin of Dean's shoulder, "breathe. It's alright. You're alright."
Cas closed his eyes and took a couple of deep breaths.
Dean frowned in confusion at Sam’s grin, rolling his eyes when Sam bounced into the kitchen and promptly took the seat closest to where Gabe was sat staring at a pad of paper.
again. Castiel was patient, and caring, and stopped and talked things through whenever it became too much for Dean. But every time things got a bit rougher, every time he was pushed that bit harder, Dean felt panic rise in his chest, and he knew that had to change. He had to find a way past this, and, he decided, the only way past, was through it.
"Don't kill me, I can tell you things, I can get you-"
Love held no place for selfishness, for limitation, love was infinite. God was supposed to be love, after all, and Jack was going to be a wonderful god.
“I am quite certain that, should it come to that, the moment of your death shall be far worse than any other I have inflicted.”
"What?" Cas turned to fully face him. Anger seething in his eyes.
Sam rolled his eyes. Dean coughed, and Sam jumped slightly. Cas pulled bowls from a cupboard and took a pot of soup off the hob, still laughing.
He took a long drag, leaning his head against the wall as he slowly exhaled. He smiled when he felt a familiar figure settle against the wall beside him, side pressed to his, warming him. He held out the spliff, Cas' fingers brushing against his own for slightly too long as he took it. Dean turned his head to watch as Cas breathed in the smoke, the way his lips curled around the joint, the expertise with which he exhaled. Cas caught him staring and shot him a grin. Dean looked away.
Dean had the chains around Cas’ neck before he could react. The trapped man bucked and pulled at his hands, but didn’t claw, Dean smiled at that. Cas relaxed against him as he realised there was no way out, leaning his head back, exposing his neck, and giving a soft sigh. Dean pulled the chains tight, cutting off airflow, just for a second, just to see what it would feel like. He was already hard. He snapped cuffs around Cas’ wrists with his free hand, not letting the chain go slack, and hooked the length of it over a meat hook, the cuffs connected to the chain. He tested the bond, making completely sure that Cas had no way of breaking free, Cas pulled against them for good measure, raising one eyebrow at Dean.
He drank enough that his fingers started to go numb, the room spinning around him, then drank some more. He turned on the TV and watched cartoon animals try to kill each other, attempting to ignore the gruesome realities that tried to impose themselves over the unreality.
“I believe that is what I did last night.”
"I'm going to fuck you slow, and you're not going to come until I say. Understand?" The rule was a kindness, something Dean could hang onto, he didn't want him to lose himself, not yet.
Dean's skin broke beneath him and Cas pulled away.
"Cas-" Dean whined, not sure what he'd have said if the angel hadn't instantly cut him off with a firm command.
“Do not test me, I will hurt you far worse than I wish to if you make it necessary.”
"My my Dean, that’s quite the, uh, collection you have there."
No, no no no! Why did he have to see him like this? He was naked, more naked than he’d ever been before, things usually covered by flesh and skin and hair lying open to the world, just that little bit shy of deadly. At least the pain had stopped, but there was a new kind of pain being readied to replace it. He couldn’t meet his father’s eyes, as he was flung to the floor beneath him. He got a single glimpse of the disappointment, the betrayal that he knew he would see there, then he turned his head away. Shame cut so much deeper than the knives.
Name calling
“No, dude, we can’t take your food.” Dean forced himself to grit out. Winchesters didn’t take charity, Winchesters didn’t need anyone, Winchesters were pig headed idiots who were going to starve to death one of these days. He internally cursed himself; the lack of food was making him overly dramatic, again.
"Make me," Dean uttered the words like a challenge, his eyes echoing the sentiment.
Angst
Dean hurried to comply, almost bouncing back up with the weight of his landing. Cas advanced slowly. For all his previous eagerness, the bastard seemed determined to tease. Dean watched with rapt attention as he pulled off the lopsided tie, the trench coat abandoned somewhere in the hallway, and folded each item of clothing before carefully placing them on a chest of drawers. It was too slow, far too slow.
Pop or techno or whatever the hell this music was may not have been his idea of a good time, but he had to admit that the combination of bass and strobe lights did some delicious things to his body. He felt almost giddy as he weaved his way between scantily clad dancers, the air heavy with sweat and sex and alcohol.
Non sexual medical stuff (seems worth specifying, right?)
Cas cut him off with a kiss. The confused look on Dean’s face when he pulled away told him all he needed to know, he had put too much of his heart into that kiss. He hadn't been able to help it. He needed soft and warm and loving before all that was left was cold and dark and dead. He moved away from Dean's face, knowing that was where the danger lay, and began to trail kisses down his chest. It was like he was trying to absorb Dean through his lips, eating in every gasp he wrung from him, saving them for after... after. He needed more. He tongued over the tattoo, tracing those stupid lines that had destroyed everything. Maybe if he licked hard enough the ink would fade and things could return to the way they were. The shape stayed stubbornly in place and Cas moved his attention to a nipple, gasps turning to moans now, biting down in search of the anger he knew he should feel. Still nothing came to replace sadness and longing. Loss, perhaps. Dean was writhing below him, clearly more sensitive than Cas had expected, not seeming to know whether to shy away from the pleasure or keen into it.
He acted without a thought, because who needed time to consider when his brother’s life was involved? He shoved Sam towards the kitchen, which had an exit out back, and reached for his gun with one hand and a knife with the other.
Dean sighed, so much for that.
He was praying again, every night before he went to bed, any moment of peace he was given. For the first time since he had learnt what Chuck truly was. This wasn’t for him; this was for Dean’s saviour, his alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
*********************
“Will you just spit it out already?” Dean snapped, turning to face his brother.
Cas killed mercilessly, the actions feeling robotic, empty. He had never been overly emotional, and yet this depressive numbness was new to him. He was so tired of war, tired of having to keep an eye on Gabriel, steering him away from dangerous subjects even as he agreed with his opinions. This was pointless, the war was gaining them nothing, their forces far too evenly matched for either side to get the upper hand, the restrictions of criminality and night-time making a final battle impossible.
Bobby reached for the needle but Dean dodged his attempts. He took it up himself and braced himself against the pain as he began to stitch up the wound. It didn’t matter if it hurt, better than touch and care and all that guilt.
"Then trust that I know what I'm doing. Everything will come in time."
“Here or outside?”
“For letting me see you, the real you.”
His full weight settled on warm solid flesh, angel beneath the trench coat, Cas easily holding Dean to him as he wrapped his legs around his waist and kissed him over and over again. Like he couldn’t breathe unless it was Cas’ air, because he couldn’t, not really.
Dean didn’t sleep much anymore. Not that he ever had, but it was worse. His sheets were a damp mess most mornings. Nightmares like he hadn’t had since he was freshly out of hell.
“Don’t be brave now of all times, it doesn’t suit you. Don’t you want this to be over? Because it’s not going to stop. I. Can. Keep. Doing. This. All. Day. Long.”
"Cas, chill dude, I like this shirt."
Not going to lie, this one is DARK
Tags for this chapter:
“I know, and that’s exactly why I need you to do this. I trust you,” the angel’s eyes crinkled into a smile at the words, “You won’t hurt me, but I need this from you. Make me whole again Cas, please?”
Cas pulled out and, before Dean could recover, grabbed the plug that he had stowed in his jacket pocket and filled him once again.
The warm tip of the angel's cock pressed against him, stilling for a moment, teasing, before shoving in.
He closed his eyes, taking a deep breath to quell the surge of longing Dean’s words inspired.
It didn't take long for the regret to set in. He knew why Sam had left, of course he did, he didn't really hold it against him. He should call him back, apologise for the stupid shit he'd said, give him the chance to reconnect that he had so clearly wanted. So why couldn't he bring himself to pick up the phone?
Cas stood from the booth far too quickly.
"Stay still and perhaps I will allow you to come tonight."
Dean had intended to just place the key on his tongue, but looking at the sight before him he simply couldn’t resist. He put the key in his own mouth, and passed it with a kiss. He instantly knew how dangerous the choice had been, Cas didn’t need the use of his hands to regain the upper one. Dean’s breath was gone in an instant, legs weaker than they had been moments before, and yet he still fought for the control which he knew he could not lose. How could something be simultaneously so violent and so full of longing? It was a promise of a tomorrow that neither of them had expected, but could not walk away from now. How could he walk away from this? He passed the key and backed away quickly, barely avoiding stumbling.
He spun Cas around by the chain that was holding him and swatted his ass hard, before leaning into him, chest flush against his back, hands settling on his waist. He pressed his chin into the crook of his neck, lips a hairs breadth from his ear, and whispered.
“Leave me alone Sam.”
The alcohol worked its magic as it always did and in that blissful haze he leaned forward, invading the angel’s personal space far more than Castiel had ever done, their lips meeting, soft and beautiful. So long overdue. Cas froze for a moment, the angelic system far less prone to alcohol than the human one, before melting into the kiss. It was electric with passion, the feeling so strong that Dean thought he might cry. He pulled away quickly when he saw Sam returning from the bathroom, taking an unnatural interest in the contents of his glass, and ignoring the questions he could see forming on Castiel’s lips.
"No, Dean..."
On and on and on he begged and pleaded, words for the sake of words, words he had never said, words he had always said. Every word in his mind, every feeling in his soul, poured out in the dark, heard by no one or everyone. Over and over he prayed. He prayed until his knees ached and his voice was hoarse.
**************************
Dean shook his head, not even understanding why the question was being asked. Why on earth would he attack Cas when he was the only thing right in this world?
Smoking
“You’re better than me.”
“You break my heart boy.”
Dean snarled at him.
“Whatever Cas.”
He opened his eyes, spots dancing across his vision as he hyperventilated, the light that surrounded Cas blinding him.
His heart was pounding in his chest, furiously reminding him that he was alive, and it wouldn’t slow no matter how many times he tried to tell himself that he wasn’t being chased. A part of him knew, for certain, that this wasn’t even close to being over. God he hoped it was.
That was the story he wrote.
Cas took a deep breath, thoughts still clearly coming as slowly as Dean’s.
"I know your home life is... challenging, and as such we have made special dispensations for your situation, but you are testing our patience Mr Winchester. This is your final warning. That will be all."
"One day at a time."
Halfway through the first film Dean’s arm somehow found its way around Cas’ shoulder, by the second Cas was asleep on his chest, and by the third he was asleep as well.
Dean slammed the door of the small bathroom stall closed behind him and yanked his pants down enough to release his cock. He knew the erection wouldn’t go away, not with the memory of his encounter with Castiel so fresh in his memory. He needed a quick release, that was all, then he could get back to business.
He was so grateful to have had Cas in his life, even if he was likely to end it. He had been heading for a crash for so long, he’d never hoped to feel anything beyond that. Yes, whatever happiness he had unexpectedly experienced was worth the cost.
“I don’t know what you’re talkin’ about.” Dean huffed, picking up a spoon, and beginning to shovel food into his mouth.
If Dean hadn’t been so pissed off he would have admired the handy work. The message was so cleanly carved into the chest of his cousin, each letter perfectly crafted. It was no mean feat. Okay, so maybe he was admiring it a little. The angels always had a certain sense of style, he’d give them that. However the admiration was somewhat overwhelmed by the fury that burnt beneath his skin, burnt as hot as their house had that night so long ago, as hot as the implements of torture that had once cut him so deeply. A little revenge was good for the soul and he was sure to find it, god knows his soul needed all the help it could get.
“Okay, send me the details.”
"But wouldn't it be fun to try?"
It was ridiculously easy to break into Cas' apartment, silently creeping through the hallways with his gun raised, in search of his prey. It was a nice building, if a little too modern for his taste, the decoration minimal in a way that did not feel lived in. It reminded Dean of his motel rooms, a thought which made him sad, was Cas just as disconnected from the world as he was? He supposed he shouldn't be surprised, and more importantly it shouldn't matter, he would be dead before he could answer the question.
************************
He couldn’t just forget how Cas had touched him. He couldn’t forget the weight of his body above him, or the taste of his kisses or the length of his cock, he couldn’t forget the way the fury of him was calmed by that presence. He didn’t know what to call this thing they had, it was something ancient and unstable, like waves crashing against the cliffs he had heard of but never seen. He had heard that cliffs would crumble into the sea, battered by that steady beating of water against rock, breaking and breaking as they were worn further inland. He had heard that houses would be lost overnight, whole towns swept away by a storm. He suspected Cas was that to him, and yet he longed for those waves even as he feared them, even as pieces of him were chipped away, even as his house reached the edge of destruction. His house had been destroyed once before, a part of him wished it had stayed that way.
"Good." Cas' voice hardened, demanding submission. Dean didn't think he had it in him to resist, even if he'd wanted to. "Are there condoms and lube in the bedside table?"
There were some conversations that Sam had been trying to have with Dean for decades now, never the time, until he didn’t even know how to begin. How do you ask someone if they’re queer this late in life? Someone so prone to rage, to silent treatments, to reckless behaviour. If he was wrong it could send him into a tailspin, if he was right it could be even worse. He wished he had asked now, wished Dean could say the words.
"Morning guys. What's Cas doing here so early?" Sam's chipper voice cut in from the doorway.
**************************
“You’re not too tired?”
“Sure, after that.”
"Dude that sucks."
Dean looked up at him with a sparkle in his eyes that hadn't been there before.
Dean sometimes wondered if he was truly alive. He didn’t seem to feel properly anymore. There was the kill, the brief moment of something like emotion that brought, and then there was nothing. He knew he should have been thrilled when Sam texted him for the first time in so long, when he started receiving cards on the holidays, small attempts at connection. He should have cared, but he didn’t. Inhuman rage was the fuel behind every one of his actions, the animal kind of rage that comes from nothing and everything, and despite all the pain he had once felt he could not hate his brother. So there was just the cold indifference, like the deathly comfort of the nearly frozen, and the high. He would have been scared of thawing out, if he’d ever thought it would happen, but how could it? He was as good as dead. It was only a matter of time. He watched the clock tick away the seconds, furious at how slowly they passed, and laid waste to everything he encountered as if that would drown out the sound of so much unwanted time.
Dean slumped back against the wall, mind blank with the need that had filled him only to be denied.
Mentions of torture
The waitress came and went. He ordered coffee and pie, which he took a bite of with an unsettling sense of déjà vu. He wondered if he had time to change venue, the similarity to the day that started it all was upsetting enough to justify an abandonment of even the nicest pie, which this was not; the pastry was kinda soggy and the filling was too sweet, he was going to be so pissed if this was the last meal he ate. That was almost as upsetting as the goddamn diner, almost. It was far too similar, but at least this time he knew what was going to happen and, like last time, Sam was out of harm’s way.  He hadn’t been a good brother, not these last few years, but at least he had done that much. At least Sam would be safe. Still, he owed him something more.
"Look, Cas, you'd be doing me a favour. I've had a bullet coming for a long time, least this way it's on my terms. I want it to be you. Please, do this for me."
He didn’t know how many people he’d killed anymore. He’d lost count after Alastair. None of the others meant anything to him, not in the same way, like the way any high melds into another after the first few times you try it. He hadn’t been his first, of course, but he’d been the first who he’d truly wanted to kill. Perhaps needed was the better word, because he had needed to, it had been all he’d thought about for so damn long. With every cut that cruel bastard inflicted on him, he had imagined how he would strike in return, and oh boy had he lived up to those fantasies. He had hurt him in ways he didn’t think himself capable of, that no one should be capable of, and still those shark eyes taunted him and that laugh kept coming. It didn’t stop, not really, just rang in his ears while he looked down at the corpse that he had mangled beyond recognition. There was no satisfaction in it, not like the others.
They didn’t see the tears on both of their faces when they came over to the car. They didn’t see it when their hands joined between them, in the front seat, while Dean once again took the wheel of his impala.
Castiel pulled away and Dean found himself leaning after him, chasing the pleasure and pain of it.
"Firstly, I think we skipped ‘slow’ when you gave me panties. Secondly, this isn’t like possessing a vessel, wasn't my tongue in your mouth clear enough consent?"
“No. This needs to be taken care of now. We have a situation.”
He just kept breaking things. That was all he ever did.
"Or what?"
“Trust me, it’s important.”
"Take a seat."
"You should have killed me."
He groaned as the teacher called him back into the classroom, Cas shooting him a sympathetic look as he packed his things away.
Dean lunged towards him, determined to punch the smug look off the self righteous bastard’s face, but Cas held him back.
In the time it took him to clean up Cas had somehow wound up starfished across the entire bed. It was adorable, not that Dean would call him that while he was awake, it would undoubtedly be a sure-fire way to get his ass whooped. He spent a few minutes looking down at the sleeping figure and trying to decide if goading Cas into whooping his ass was the best or worst idea he had ever had, before he realised he was making future plans with someone who he had never even seen naked. How the hell had that happened? Cas had seen him naked, multiple times. Surely mutual nudity was something that happened in even the kinkiest of relationships.
He was shoved through the door of an old storage facility, the space empty except for some bubble wrap and a few crates, containing something that had definitely passed its expiration date.
If he had been anyone else Dean might have been convinced, but there was a slight twinkle in the angel’s eyes that showed Dean all too clearly that he knew exactly what he was doing. Dean didn’t stop laughing, until the powerful arms of the angel pushed him down on the bed. Dean gasped, but was soon incapable of words, or even sound, as the angel punched the air out of his lungs with a series of bites and kisses down his neck. Dean put up a token struggle, but a groan escaped his lips, making any protestations of his enjoyment an obvious lie.
“What’s wrong Cas?” Dean said hoarsely, his lips still tingling with the ghost of a kiss.
Home. What did that even mean anymore?
Castiel freed his knife from his sleeve.
“Err, I was wondering, could you do my makeup? Nothing fancy, just some basic zombie stuff, if you need guidelines I found this woman on the internet who does walkthroughs for-“
Don't worry, we're back to the smut next chapter, and it is a doozy
“I need you to say yes to coffee.” Cas looked unusually vulnerable, and Dean hated it.
Dean cut the excess thread and put his shirt back on in a hurry.
"You will wear this for the rest of the day. Let it serve as a reminder."
Each word was punctuated with a new splash of liquid, a new brand on his skin. Dean couldn’t hold back the words. He just couldn’t. It poured from him like the blood running down his face. Alastair’s smile widened, and Dean cried.
“Have you deep-throated before?” Castiel asked in a coolly clinical kind of way, which seemed utterly at odds with the situation, as he freed his dick from the confines of his suit pants. Dean found he loved the contradiction.
"Why won't you hurt me?" He whispered.
“On and off for a few months, but it’s been worse recently.”
"I assume you have condoms and lubricant?" The stranger spoke in his ear.
"I'm sure I'll think of something."
Cas raised his eyes in question.
It was so good, so so good, and then it went bad. One moment Cas' lips were on his and the next they were fading. His entire body was disappearing before his eyes, his face contorted in horror or agony as he screamed something. Dean didn't know what he was saying, couldn't make out anything but a word in that split second before he was gone and Dean was left grasping at the nothing where his everything had just been.
He threw the outside door open and collapsed against the back wall of the school building, in his favourite alcove, out of view of the main windows. His hands were shaking slightly but he rolled a spliff with practiced ease.
“You are insatiable.”
He could deal with being judged by people who didn’t matter, fighting a stupid war for no good reason, just as long as no one tried to put a stop to his violence; that rage that never seemed to be satisfied. Whoever had done this really did deserve to die. His cousin had been an asshole but no should suffer like that. Perhaps his own cruel actions would be justified, perhaps he could feel a sense of righteousness while he tore them apart, or perhaps it would just be that high and the drop that followed it. Perhaps it would just be another name on a list that was growing far too long. All he knew was that they would die. That was the job. That was the family business. Who was he to deny tradition?
“And, with that, you just lost your talking privileges.”
"Good morning, Dean, and happy birthday." Dean practically jumped out of his skin at the sudden proximity of the angel, he could tell before turning around that there were mere inches between the two of them. Dean took a drink, the headache only worsened by the violent movement.
Dean reached down to palm the erection. That. Would. Not. Leave. All day. All fucking day.
“Maybe you don’t really want to say it.”
Dean's head shot up, attention now caught by the phone sitting on the one blood free table in the room. Sam had called Bobby, and not him?
“Don’t know what kind of spell he’s worked on Sammy, but I don’t like it.”
A worrying predicament...
“No need for snark Dean Winchester. I think you are forgetting who is in charge here.”
"Slow down Dean, I need to be sure that you want this."
Dean had never taken long to lick his wounds. Who had the time for sulking? He spent a couple of days dousing his pain with liquor, then got back to his goddamn job. The kills fuelled by a whole new level of fury. These were the people who had taken Castiel away from him, Castiel himself was one of them and he had abandoned him, they had destroyed everything he cared about.
A wave of loneliness swept over him, compelling him to pull out his phone in the hopes there was a job to do or something. Not like he was drunk enough to be rendered incapable. The intimacy of a kill was usually enough to ground him when he got like this, god did he need that right now.
"Say it," he commanded with a voice that had got impossibly deeper.
Gabe stared back down at the notepad, covered in scribbles and sketches that looked alarmingly similar to a cartoon villain’s plans to destroy the universe.
“Your thoughts-” Dean felt a pit open in his stomach at those two little words, he opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. “Those images…” Cas trailed off with a shake of his head.
“What’re you doing Gabe?” Sam quickly changed the subject.
Dean grabbed the sheets, fists curling around the material in an attempt to ground himself. Cas noticed his movements, then in a single smooth motion, pulled his arms away from the bedspread and pinned them to his lower back, effortlessly holding them there with one hand as the other grabbed a fistful of hair and shoved his face down hard into the mattress.
Dean drifted in and out of consciousness during those long days in the hospital. The drugs kept his mind foggy, which only added to the panic that had taken root there. His mind had been blurred with pain before and terrible things had happened, he knew that, even if he couldn't quite grasp the memories. He was tied down still, in this state of not quite there he couldn't differentiate between nurses and jailers, he hoped he hadn't hurt anyone too badly. The binds on his arms and the needles in his hands didn't help the dreams, he wished the drugs didn't keep forcing him into this sickly sleep. He screamed and thrashed and cried himself half awake before being dragged back down. Hands had tried to soothe him, the first few times, but every touch burnt on broken skin and they quickly pulled away. Now there were just whispered words, words of pain trying to act as comfort, and old songs sung by the wrong voice. It was funny in his delirium, he'd never been in a hospital before, he'd never been this hurt before, never seen anyone this badly broken living long enough to heal. It felt like a sick joke, staying alive after all he'd been through, felt wrong. He probably wouldn't have kept on fighting for every agonising breath if he hadn't realised, in a brief moment of clarity, that it was Sam who sat by his bed and sung those songs. Surely he couldn't remember Mary singing them, and yet still, he chose those verses rather than any other. Dean knew then that he had to survive. Sam couldn't lose the last of his family, not like this. Winchesters didn't die in hospitals. When Dean died he would be on his feet, and Sam would be far away.
“So, who’s it going to be?”
Dean's muscles clenched around him, but somehow he held himself back as Cas came deep into him. Dean was sweating, nails almost biting into Cas' shoulders, the strain clear on his face.
Well, who was Cas to deny him when he'd asked so very nicely?
Cas’ back was turned, bent over a stove as he prepared the evening meal. He supposed that made it easier, not having to look into his eyes as he killed him. Funny that he hadn't known he could cook.
“Slow your roll Cassie, you’re not gonna-“
Cas ran a leisurely hand down his own chest, stopping for a little to play with his nipples, then moving down to stroke his cock. He made sure to draw this out, putting on a show, every action designed to drive Dean crazy. It was clearly working, Dean was panting slightly, eyes glazed with lust. Cas shot him a wink, coating his hand with precome and beginning to pump his cock in earnest. Dean groaned, eyes falling closed. Cas wasn't having that, he would not allow Dean to find solace in the dark. He moaned loudly and Dean's eyes snapped back open, fixing on him unblinkingly as Cas thrust into his fist. He whimpered, and Cas could see the moment his resolve broke, he reached out to grasp Cas' hips, then pulled back like he'd been burned. He'd remembered, but too late. Cas grinned wickedly, Dean's knuckles whitening where he clasped them in place, uselessly now. He had condemned himself, and he knew as much.
“This means everything,” Cas corrected. Now was not the time for lies.
The smile slipped from his lips.
Dean smirked.
“Just do it.”
“What are you doing here brother?” His voice came in an alarmed squeak and he cursed himself for it, he could not afford to sound guilty.
The emptiness of the motel room bore down on him, loneliness making his breaths feel heavy, that familiar weight on his chest pressing him into himself. Introspection was a dangerous game for him, how could it not be when everything he did was so very wrong? He was itching for a kill, itching for that intimacy, desperate for someone to stop him.
He could kill anyone here, if he wanted to, fortunately for them his desire was sated for the night. Besides, he had rules.
“You are the one who must provide answers, not I.”
Was Cas conscious where he was? Was he asleep? Dean hoped he was asleep.
“Cas, I need you to fuck me.”
Some hidden public stuff
“Okay.”
“I know how this sounds, and I swear I’m not crazy, but I think your house might be haunted.”
Was she in jail now? He wasn’t sure, but he thought so. It had all been rumours after that.
“Dean,” he shook him slightly. Dean grumbled in protest and nuzzled further into his chest. “Dean, would you like something to eat?”
“If you think you are beyond saving then what good does it do to punish you? Why should I even bother?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean smiled.
They were covered in blood and sweat and god knows what from the motel floor, the room was wrecked, they were wrecked. The fight had taken it out of both of them. Dean ached for release even as he fought it, he knew Cas was doing the same. It was like they had silently agreed to make this last as long as possible, the calm in the eye of the storm. They both knew what would come after. Only one of them could leave this room alive.
“No shit!” Dean finally managed to retrieve his gun, and shot the ghost as it lunged towards them, stomping out the fire before it could spread. “There must be something else.”
“Yes Dean?”
Cas pursed his lips, dissatisfied with the truth.
“Time’s a wasting Cassie, chaos won’t make itself.”
"I'll tell you a secret," he spoke with a voice that rumbled like thunder, "I'm not that nice."
A high pitched noise filled the room, ringing in Dean’s ears. He just wanted to slip back into unconsciousness, just wanted to block out that noise. He would have covered his ears if he hadn’t been chained to the wall, if his arms weren’t bloodied and immobilised.
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.” The words rushed out, the panic increasing as Dean only seemed to cry harder, his sobs vocal now. “Dean I-”
“I’m just sayin’ what’s true. You can keep on pretendin’ if you like, but that won’t stop what’s comin’.”
“You are such an idiot.”
“Some old documents, a few pictures.”
He threw a piece of bread at Cas, which he smoothly ducked, breaking into a laugh that made it impossible for Dean to stay mad.
“So, there’s gonna be a later huh?”
“Hey Cas.” Dean smiled as the other boy opened the door, his parents clearly away again. His hair was messier than usual, if that was possible, and there was a smear of pumpkin guts on the side of his face. Dean fought the urge to reach out and wipe it away.
"I do not doubt it brother."
“Give it to me good, but watch the teeth, don’t wanna lose my money maker,” he shot him a winning smile, nerves flashing underneath.
"Do what you want with me."
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas rushed over to him, warm hands finding his arms.
“Mary wouldn’t have wanted this for you. John wouldn’t-“
**************************
Tags for this chapter:
"Cas, Cas, Cas I'm gonna..."
Dean laughed, but the stress of his decision was still present in the sound.
He downed one after another, with only the briefest of pauses during which he silently begged Cas to reconsider whatever evil was brewing, but those eyes didn't waver. Dean wasn't accustomed to feeling shame. Guilt he was used to but shame was unusual. It was sickly sweet like chocolate cake, clogging his arteries. He hadn't done anything wrong goddammit, he was a grown ass man and he could drink if he wanted to. Once again, a look instantly proved him wrong and he was reminded that he had entered into this knowing exactly what he was doing, he forfeited choice the second he opened his mouth for Cas' cock. He finished the last shot and felt slightly nauseous in a way that had nothing to do with the alcohol, then sat back and waited for the tidal wave.
He shoved his hands deep into his pockets, balling his fists and wondering if home was something that would ever exist for him again. Could it be considered a home if the people who had made it one were dead?
“That’s fortunate, because you’re right, you don’t have a choice.”
“I have one, and you’re in it. Get out or be traumatised for life.”
“Stop fucking around, I can take it.”
“I am an angel of the lord, you should show me some respect.”
Cas was silent for a moment, trying to figure out how to say 'I was brought up by the mafia' in a way that didn't sound like he was brought up by the mafia.
*************************
“Finally!” Sam spoke up beside him.
Dean groaned.
If this got taken back he thought he might die, the more he said the more difficult it became for Dean to deny that he wanted, that he
Castiel should not have answered when Dean called the first time, or the countless times after for that matter. He was too attached, and every uncharacteristically honest conversation that followed only made that bond more profound. It was just so nice to be able to talk to someone without the boundaries that Cas carefully maintained between himself and everyone else. There was no need to lie to Dean, except for expressing the true nature of his feelings perhaps. Castiel loved his brothers and sisters in arms, he always had, but he could not express his hopes nor his fears around them. Gabriel was the only one he was certain would not consider some of his opinions treasonous, yet he was not a person with which one could have a conversation of any emotional depth. Perhaps he was doing his brother a disservice, in truth he had never really tried. He had never previously felt the pull to share any of the thoughts that flowed, so freely, from his lips when he spoke to Dean.
Cas’ eyes registered the power loss, his brows lowering, eyes narrowing, and Dean fought to regain the upper hand as that damned domineering expression commanded him to fall to his knees before this man, once again.
“We can’t keep doing this Dean, these conversations alone are confusing our loyalties.”
“Don’t act like you’re not willing.”
"Now now, don't turn on your kin, not when you have so little time left to make the right choice."
Dean did as he was told, taking several unsteady breaths before his heart stopped feeling like it was beating in his throat.
"Fuck you? Was that what you wanted?" He had the gall to stop halfway in. Dean tried to turn, to see if the evil smirk he could hear in the words was just his imagination, but his head was pushed into the pillow before he could. "Speak up, one rarely gets what they want in life without asking for it."
Uriel strode away, the click of the door behind him resonating through Cas’ bones. He sagged into a chair, closing his eyes, and knowing what must be done.
Cas pushed Dean towards a chair, giving him a bowl of soup, which really did smell kinda awesome. He hadn’t even known Cas could cook. Though, honestly, at this point he would have eaten anything.
"Dean?" Cas took in the look on his face, then his gaze sharpened, and he was on his feet.
Cas swallowed, then raised himself to his full height, looking Uriel in the eye with a ferocious calm.
“Tell yourself what you like Cas, this has been more than that and you know it,” his voice was hardened, but no less desperate. He wasn’t going to stop, Cas could hear it. He could hurt him however he liked and Dean would just keep taking it. He didn’t want to hurt him anymore.
Dean shoved Bobby away, wincing when the needle that he had been using to sew up a knife wound dropped from his hands and swung from him sickeningly, like the pendulum of some messed up clock.
“It is not a habit of mine, that kiss, it amplified your thoughts, strengthened our bond. I am so sorry Dean.” He knew he wasn’t talking about the mind reading with those last words.
"I've got to get to class, and you've got to study. Who knows, if you do your homework I might actually kiss you again."
They ate in relative silence, Castiel didn't need words to control every action Dean made. He could do it with a look, a slight twitch of his eyebrows, a darkening of his eyes. It was so subtle Dean couldn't be entirely sure he wasn't imagining it, perhaps that was the game now, yet he still found himself eating more politely than he could remember doing maybe ever before. There was the occasional comment, like when he pulled a face at the taste of the wine, so friendly on the surface. Dean drank every drop, silently admitting that it wasn't all that bad.
“Sorry about this, I’m afraid my family doesn’t throw much away.”
Marking
Mentions of torture
“But after that?” Cas looked hopeful. Dean chuckled.
Dean woke slowly, smiling at the warm caress of sunlight filtering through thin curtains. He felt well rested in a way he hadn't in a long time, he didn't even remember having any of his usual array of dark dreams, instead his mind was filled with memories of the night before. In the light of day the reluctance with which he'd faced pleasure seemed laughable, he was merely glad to have received it. He looked over at the warm figure sprawled across the bed beside him, one arm draped across his chest, face buried in a pillow. The sight brought a grin to his face. Of course someone so graceful would be a messy sleeper. It didn't help the effect that he was still fully clothed, even wearing that damn trench coat, rumpled up around his waist and creased by the night. He snorted. Apparently his partner had the presence of mind to untie him, but not to take off his own shoes. Dean rolled his eyes and debated doing it for him, before deciding that the jostling would undoubtedly wake him and render the gesture moot.
Dean barked a laugh.
Cas rubbed the back of his neck, in a gesture Dean knew he’d picked up from him, the thought caused a warmth in his chest that he really, really wasn’t okay with.
"I suppose this means I finally made your list."
Their lips touched and Dean’s thoughts faded away. Panic wiped away by how incredibly right it felt, warm and comforting and so long overdue, it felt like home. Dean melted into the kiss, pulling him closer, demanding more. Cas tasted of smoke and spearmint and something like ozone, and he couldn’t get enough of it. Time seemed to screech to a standstill as their lips moved together, mouths opening and tongues just barely touching, intimate in a way it had never been with anyone else.
“Undress.” Cas ordered, his voice low and sensual. Dean shivered at the change in Castiel’s demeanour, it was a little scary, but sexy as hell.
He chased Dean through the dark, knowing that the trail was far too easy to follow and yet powerless to do anything else, he couldn't risk Balthazar's life out of fear for his own. Dean may not have killed him yet, but he still could, and he seemed to have no qualms about killing any of the other angels, if his recent reign of horror was anything to go by. There was no proof that those bodies had been claimed by his lover and yet he knew, instinctively, so he raced headfirst into danger yet again. He should, perhaps, have told Gabe where he was going, but it seemed reckless to drag another of his brothers into the fray. If anyone died for his actions tonight it would be him and him alone. Throughout all of these grim thoughts the pull didn't cease, that stupid attraction to a man so dangerous to his way of life, to his life itself. One should not look too long into the sun, how had he forgotten that? Now the imprint of that light was seared into his eyelids, flashing in inhuman colours across his field of vision. He felt every resolve he had made crumble and he knew, even if Dean released Balthazar without the slightest demand, they would devour each other tonight.
Cas knew, the second the words were spoken, that they were useless. Uriel would not be deceived.
Tags for this chapter:
I have an idea for another fic set in the same universe, if I end up writing it I will post an update either here or on
Dean's heart plummeted in his chest. No no no, not again.
“It doesn’t matter does it? They’re dead. Everyone dies, at least let me go down swinging.”
"Then what was the point of all that?"
“For me?”
Cas turned over the bloodied fabric in his hands, eyes squinted, brow furrowed. He’d seen the warning signs, they’d been there, he’d just chosen to ignore them. Not everyone who carried a knife with them intended to use it, or so he’d been informed, he’d never met anyone who didn’t. That could have just been the effect of the job, when you live in the dark surely all you see must become darkness. Now though, this was fact, that kind of blood wasn’t shed by accident.
Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to get a moment’s peace until every single one of those bastards was dead. They had destroyed him, destroyed his parents, destroyed his relationship with Sam. The hunt was all he had left, all that made him feel anything anymore, the only pure experience he was allowed. There was so much rage in him now, coiled and tense like a snake ready to strike, and boy did he strike. He hurt and hunted and harmed. He was half numb, half raw nerves, all frayed energy. He terrified himself. He felt deadly and alive and nothing at all. The Campbells didn’t stop him, he was doing what they wanted anyway. They were only here for revenge, and he was supplying it. They just pointed him in the direction they wanted and let him loose, and he tore whatever he encountered apart. Bobby was all he had now, so he pushed him away with a crazed sort of desperation. The old man made him feel human, feel weak, and he couldn’t afford that. Bobby just looked so damn sad, like it was him who Dean was hurting, his blood covering his hands while he helped get him fixed up. He was silent, until the demons were gone, until he started on the angels.
Sam bit back a grin, and Dean glared at him.
Now it was Dean’s turn to stare, suddenly noticing that some of the makeup from Sam’s face had transferred to Gabe’s. So apparently it wasn’t just his self awareness, and his ability to man up and confess that he actually had feelings about anything that were missing, but he was also halfway blind. Fan-freaking-tastic.
“My intention tonight was to fuck you until you screamed, and you are far too inebriated to consent to that.”
“Look, man, just forget about it. I was drunk, I didn’t know what I was doing.”
He put his head in his hands, screwing up his eyes and trying to wipe the conversation from his mind, then reached for the whiskey bottle he kept on the bedside table.
“I have no intentions of stopping you coming,” Cas smirked, shoving a hand down Dean’s pants, gripping his cock and pumping mercilessly. Dean threw his head back and writhed desperately, almost like it pained him. He sighed and pulled back. “What do you want out of this Dean?”
“Dean, by the way, I’m Dean.”
“Your daddy would be ashamed to hear his own blood talk like this. Shut your mouth and do your damn job.”
“Shit, okay, did you buy anything in the last few months? An antique, something second hand.”
Dean quickly shoved down, filling himself in a single movement, gasping at the pain even as he felt his own cock swelling against the sheets.
Where in the hell did Cas pick up an understanding of innuendos? Dean stared at him before letting out an embarrassingly high pitched laugh.
"Because you like it."
Cas snorted a laugh, disbelief written all over his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tags for this chapter:
“She was nice at first!”
Bobby did leave, after that. He never stopped calling, but he left all the same. He quit the hunters, said something about being too damn old for bloodshed, and Samuel let him go. Dean knew it was his own stupid fault. He knew that if he reached out to the man he would take him back. He also knew he wouldn’t. He didn’t want anyone to care anymore, he didn’t want to hurt anyone when he finally got himself killed. He didn’t want anyone who mattered to look at him with horror or pity or concern. There was a reason monsters were always alone. It hurt so much less that way, and there was a freedom to being utterly unhooked from the world. There wasn’t anyone to care if he started drinking the second he woke up, or killed so brutally that it should probably be classified as torture, or came home limping from sex that he had allowed to be more violent than pleasurable. He was free to destroy himself, and he did.
"You talk too much." Cas crossed to the bed in a single stride, and stuffed a pair of black lacy panties into Dean's mouth. He carefully appraised Dean's expression, before leaning towards him and speaking in a much softer tone. "If you don't like the way anything progresses, if you feel at all uncomfortable with anything I do to you, just spit them out and tell me. I do not wish to harm you."
He wanted for nothing.
Violence, some of which is genuine
His hand tightened on the gun in his belt as every screaming kid passed them. Just trick or treaters, he told himself, they weren’t really monsters, but they could be, that was the kicker. All it would take was a single genuine creature mixed in with the fake ones. He always wondered how much went unnoticed today. How many real vampire attacks. How many hauntings that people thought were just really good special effects until it was too late. He just had to breathe. He just had to keep an eye on Sam. He just had to be ready for a fight.
He was not okay.
"Did you carve those words into my cousin?" Dean breathed.
He saw Dean everywhere, far too aware of the possibility of a collision, those phantoms met with hope as much as fear. He wished he hadn’t had to tell him no.
“You had a bet about this?” Dean gawked at him.
“Uh, okay, this the attic door?” He asked unnecessarily, just to change the subject, think about something, anything else. Cas nodded in response, his expression settling into something hard and focussed. Right,
“What do you want Uriel?” Dean growled.
“Are you sure it ain’t best to quit while we’re ahead?”
"Mr Winchester, a moment please."
Tags for this chapter:
(See the end of the chapter for
“I would expect nothing less,” Cas returned, his composure almost seeming intact, almost, if Dean hadn’t been able to hear that slight catch in his voice, see the hint of desperation in his eyes. Dean knew that it was all mirrored in his own.
“Hey Cas,” he spoke with a familiar grin. Cocky. Cas would soon cure him of that.
"Come for me Dean."
“Okay, I care a little about the pie, but I care more about you. Cas, I need to take you to the hospital.” Dean put his hand on Cas’ arm, not sure if the speeding pulse he felt was Cas’ or his own.
“Bit late now don’t you think?” His anger was slowly dissipating, but his voice was no calmer, the shame of his drunken mistake clouding everything.
"I bought you the underwear, because they will suit you. Besides, I do believe you have worn something similar to them before."
“Now now Cas, is that any way to talk to your host?”
“Which one of you fessed up first? See I have this bet with Samshine and I could really use the twenty bucks.”
Sam didn’t ask. Jack didn’t ask either, Jack just stated a fact, with the simplicity of an all knowing child.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, and Dean, you are not to masturbate today."
Biting
“I’m sure they’ll be fine, the only person Gabe ever gets into trouble is himself.”
“Remember the side you are on. Put down the dog, or I shall take this to Michael.”
"You never seem to wear much colour. I thought they would look nice on you." Castiel explained simply.
“You could have told
“I learnt that from the pizza man.” He said evenly.
“I need you, Cas,” Dean mumbled.
Jack fell asleep on Sam’s shoulder, Sam didn’t follow. He realised, with a start that almost woke the sleeping nephilim, that he was no longer tired.
“ ’s all good,” Dean grinned blearily up at him. It wasn’t good, it wasn’t good at all.
He sounded more curious than sad at the concept. Cas, on the other hand, could not be cool in the face of this death out of the many.
Smart, Dean, real smart. Cas narrowed his eyes as he looked Dean up and down.
Cas looked up from his work, then grabbed a handful of his hair and yanked back hard.
That was it; Dean was done for even before Cas reached under his panties and started pumping his cock.
Dammit, but there was no other choice. This was happening, it was happening now and it was happening here and Cas had to know.
“Yeah, home.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but moved to the space Dean had indicated without argument.
“Give me one good reason why I should.”
“I only did what you wanted to do mere moments before.”
, (he shouted that a lot these days, when he thought no one could hear). Then the tears came, the clenching of the jaw, the pursing of the lips, and Sam knew that Dean was not going to drive them home. They opened their doors in unison, Dean with perhaps a little more aggression, and Sam was unsurprised. He was more surprised when Dean shooed Jack out of the back, not even bothering to act like it was for the sake of an upgrade, no excuse before he threw himself down across the leather seats. Jack sent worried glances at the two of them, his own grief so overshadowed by what neither of them acknowledged was happening in the backseat. Dean cried, his head where Cas’ lap would normally be, as close as he could get. He cried hard, while they sat in silence. It was a long journey for all of them. It was a shock when he didn’t drive the next day, or the next, or at any point in the week that followed. After that it became the norm; it was crazy how fast they could adjust to the abnormal, even the unbearable.
Dean yanked Cas’ trousers down around his ankles, leading him to step out of them.
In his dream he was still god. In his dream he was not human, he had never been human. In his dream he was not hung from the ceiling. In his dream the blood was not slowly draining from him. In his dream he would never have been too weak to fight off a Djinn.
“Can’t make any promises Deano.”
Murder
“I am cooking. You are sitting down and resisting the desperate need, you apparently have, to stab me.”
Dean nodded and Cas grabbed his chin, turning him to look him in the eye.
“Where’s the fun in that? Besides, I like seeing you like this.”
“Dean, what happened to you?” Cas half whispered.
Dean knew he would follow the command, even now.
“Won’t regret this.”
"Why didn't you kill me last night?" Pain edged the words, even he could hear it, there was no doubt that Cas could too.
He loved him, that was the problem, when it came down to it. He couldn't ignore that anymore. Every time he looked at him he felt this overwhelming urge to do something stupid, like kiss him, or confess undying love, or propose. The fantasies just kept getting more ridiculous with every second he pushed them away, and he had been pushing them away for a long, long, time.
“Get a room.” Gabe snarked.
Dean wiped his eyes, still shaking with occasional laughs.
He nodded soberly, “I promise.”
Dean walked past Castiel and sat down heavily on the edge of his bed, grabbing the bottle of whiskey he kept beside it and swallowing a large gulp of the fiery liquid, before lowering his head into his hands. He could feel the angel move towards him, he tried to keep himself together as a strong hand settled on his shoulder.
Dean instinctively reached for the gun in his belt. Cas, fortunately, didn’t notice.
Cas made quick work of removing Dean’s clothes, flinging them to the floor.
Cas cracked a smile at that, a small and heartbreakingly sad smile, that cut Dean far more than the knife ever could.
He carefully climbed out of the bed and tiptoed over to the bathroom, it seemed sensible to brush his teeth before waking Cas and trying for round two. Dean wasn't normally a morning person, the dreams made sure of that, but today he went about his preparations for the day with a fervour he was quite unaccustomed to, on the edge of whistling like some damn stupid Disney character.
“I said shut up.”
If only there was a way to bring Cas back. If only there was something, anything, he could do to save him. Dean wanted to die, but he knew that even in death he wouldn’t get what he truly wanted, so he kept on living. One day after the next. More suffering, more silence.
Cas nodded solemnly.
The response wasn't really necessary, but Dean nodded anyway, before his face was pressed firmly into the woodwork.
“I’m fine Sammy,” he forced his usual gruffness, trembling too badly for it to ring true.
Sam was tired. He was tired of fighting, tired of losing, tired of watching his brother lose. He didn’t even feel the blows anymore, not fully, they were so unpredictable. How do you grieve a death if you’re not sure it’s permanent? Existence was surreal, dreamlike, the line between life and death a skipping rope. Eileen had been back so little time. For Cas dying seemed to be little more than a holiday. Still, Sam was tired. It was less the grief that got to him than the exhaustion, the knowledge of another job at hand, another fight and another fight and another fight. Sam wished there was time to look after his brother, time to be happy, time to be sad. They never had time for anything. They never had those conversations, the oh so necessary emotional unpacking, the thorough examination of trauma. Just a little bit here, a little bit there, then a whole new wave of horror to undo any progress they had made.
That night, with an uncharacteristically evil chuckle, Dean sent off another link, chugging whiskey and grinning to himself as he imagined the frown as the angel received the message, that composed face blushing as he saw what it contained, if in fact an angel could blush. Dean coughed and quickly moved his train of thought away from the details, far too easily conjured, of those impossibly blue eyes, the turn of his lips as he – Dean quickly clicked on a video and ignored the familiar lump that rose in his throat when he allowed himself to go there, to think too much.
References to torture
"You know what Cas? You're right; Dean really needs to get some things out of his closet."
Slapping
“Jesus Cas, you’re vicious.” Dean said, still wide eyed.
Duct tape and handcuffs and chains (oh my)
"Was that a... did you seriously just-"
“Those angel bastards need to burn.”
He shoved Dean through the door and down on the bed, with no warning or pretense of care for his well-being. Dean moaned like a teenager being touched for the first time, barely preventing himself from rutting against the mattress. It seemed the other man read his intentions, because he pressed a firm hand to his back, right between his shoulder blades, ensuring he couldn't move even if he wanted to. Dean struggled half-heartedly, knowing he should put up at least a token resistance to being manhandled like this by a stranger, but finding that he was well and truly trapped.
"Spread your legs, as wide as you can."
They didn’t watch the pause, the breath that seemed to stretch across eternity, like a ripple in time. They didn’t watch the way Dean swallowed down a noise, or Cas smiled, the unsure way their gazes met. They didn’t see the question, the words in the silence. They didn’t see a surging forward, an embrace, a locking of lips so desperate that they might never unlock again. They didn’t see a series of touches, a checking of reality, of physical being beneath Dean’s hands. They didn’t see Dean break away, gasping in a breath so close Cas must have felt it, even as he said the words. They didn’t see the tentative smile on his lips as he breathed those words over and over and over, as if they would be heard before they had been spoken, as if he could send them back and pull Cas away from the dark, before he had even gone. They didn’t see another kiss, a slower kiss, surer, softened with the knowing, with having said.
General trauma relating to death and torture
He tucked himself back in and left the stall. A short man with dark hair and a beard was waiting outside, watching him in a knowing sort of way. Dean shot him a wink and sauntered out of the bathroom.
Dean was a killer. Dean had been always been a killer, or at the very least he had been since his father had first put a gun in his hand and steel in his heart. He was good at it, but there was only so much one man could do. There were so many of them, an unbeatable swarm of fists and knives and chloroform. He took down a respectable amount of them, he thought, in those brief moments before he passed out, certain he would never wake up again. In the long moments that followed he cursed everything that would listen for forcing him back into consciousness, and himself, for not having the sense to kill himself before they could capture him.
"I don't want to mess this up."
He collapsed back on the bed.
"D' ya want some?" The bottle weaved in the air as Dean held it out to him. He supposed inebriation was as good a pastime as any. He took the bottle and, when he realised there was no glass to follow, wrinkled his nose and took a long gulp of the burning liquid.
“I know.”
"Not yet."
"Why should I?"
“I don’t know what it is you are accusing me of, but let me remind you that it is my home you are currently standing in.”
“We both made our choices.”
A dark chuckle met his ears.
"Just fucking-" Dean's words died on his tongue as a thick cock pushed into him.
“Can’t save what’s already damned sir.”
"Yes, maybe that is why you're here. I wish I could beat the self-loathing out of you."
“Lying now are we Cassie? You’re looking at Ken doll over there like you want to eat him alive.”
“I made you charcoal.” Cas glared down at the pie, as if it was the source of all evil, and damn if he didn’t look good when he was angry.
Dean managed to make it all the way to his bedroom. He managed to lock the door. He started crying the second he was alone. Tears like he hadn’t cried since that first night.
"No, no, give it over."
The word Castiel spoke, as he was torn from existence, was Dean.
“I suspected one of my kin might draw me home with such behaviour, I never thought it would be you,” Cas jumped, spine straightening as Michael walked into the room.
Sam spoke softly, like Dean was some wild animal that would bolt if it heard a loud noise. He supposed he might be right.
“This little asshole decided he wanted to play dress up and beg sweets from strangers, and I just can’t say no to that face.” Dean obnoxiously ruffled Sam’s already mussed up hair, grimacing when his hand came away covered in fake blood.
He showed up to the meeting in his usual attire; trench coat, suit, long silver blade hidden up a sleeve, garrote embedded in the silk of his tie, poison in his inner pocket. He saw no need for guns, not when he knew full well he could easily kill a man with his bare hands.
Yes, there it was, an expression that would haunt him for what little was left of his worthless existence. He didn’t know what John would have said at that moment, what rightful condemnation would have flowed from his mouth, because it was all held back by a gag. Maybe it would have made things easier, to know for sure, as it was his mind supplied so much worse. Or maybe not. Maybe John would have taken that moment to be cruel, one last time, if he’d had the chance. He would never know.
Castiel turned on his heel and strode away. Dean gaped after him, still struggling for air. He was gone before Dean had recovered enough to remember the almost painful length of his own erection.
“Do you think you can stand?”
Things were going, and man it felt weird to say this, good. Chuck had appeared, infuriatingly tanned, grinning like they hadn’t been praying to him for years, and dealt with Michael and his monsters with a click of his fingers. Dean had wanted to punch him when he showed up. Cas actually had done. He couldn't say he wasn't grateful though, when God had smited all that evil. Too bad he had disappeared just as quickly, but hardly surprising. They hadn’t even had time to call Sam back, everything was just fixed, like it had never been broken. An angel Dean couldn’t be bothered to remember the name of showed up looking uncharacteristically cheerful and told them heaven, also, had been saved. He’d thought, perhaps, Cas would leave after that. He hadn’t, he hadn’t even suggested it. Weird, still weird. He'd been avoiding him so much, but always staying close. Dean was barely ever alone when he left the bunker, and Cas (as far as he knew) hadn't visited heaven since he rescued Jack.
**********************
"We figured out who killed Christian. Here's the bastard's address. Make it thorough, show them we don't take deaths in the family lightly."
“Dean, you know you can talk to me, right?”
“Bite me.”
These were troubling times, deeply troubling. If dissent among the ranks had spread even this far then who knew how much trouble Anna was facing in her duties elsewhere. This war was lasting far too long. It couldn’t go on much longer, not like this. Something had to change.
An increasing sense of foreboding
Cas ran a filthy tongue across his collar bone, licking into the dip above before moving down his body to bite at his nipples. It wasn’t like Cas had ever been gentle, but there had been some small display of restraint. That was gone now. This was no longer a matter of kink, but of animal aggression.
“I love him too.”
He held tight to hope and prayed once more, summoned everything he had inside him, every dream of a brighter future, every beautiful memory he could find, and he pushed out from himself, into the abyss. He hoped it woke The Empty, along with Cas, he hoped it was loud enough that the gates of heaven shook with it. He felt perhaps it was. Regardless, it was enough.
Cas leaned forward and slowly licked a trail up a stubbled cheek, grinning when Dean trembled beneath him. He bit an ear lobe and whispered.
“Neither am I,” Cas ran a distressed hand through his hair, messing it up even more than usual.
“Don’t say it.”
He rolled on a condom and lubed up, then thrust in quickly, moaning in pleasure. Cas threw his head back, resting it on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean wrapped his arms around him, taking some of the weight off his arms. He began to move and he didn’t know who was more undone; Cas whose eyes fluttered closed as he let out little muffled gasps and met every movement, pushing him further, still somehow in control, or Dean whose whole body shook as he fucked into him, incapable of holding anything back, even though he knew he should. He shouldn’t be feeling this vulnerability, this raw need, he shouldn’t be conveying it to his captive, but his body was giving him away. He was so deep over his head.
"I can't."
His body started to contract with deep sobs and he lowered himself further, hid as much of his face as possible as the tears flowed down his cheeks. Castiel trepidatiously sat down beside him, putting an arm around his shaking back, and slowly pulling him into the warmth of the angel’s embrace. Cas made soft comforting noises as Dean cried, combing a hand through his hair, but not trying to force words until the hunter was ready. Dean kept trying to speak, to explain, to somehow laugh it off, hide the truth behind another lie, but he couldn’t. When the tears started to slow and Dean finally managed to dry his face on a sleeve, and raise his eyes to meet the look the angel was giving him, he knew the truth was the only option.
“What the hell is it?”
Cas sent him an appraising look.
“Dean,” Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously. Dean gulped and looked away, “you can’t even stand straight.”
“Would not!”
He sliced into his flesh, carving patterns into the body, ignoring the cries and the struggling limbs. He barely felt the nails scratching at his arms, the kill always focused him, his own body no longer mattered. Everything was reduced to the knife, the art of butchery, the blood rushing out of pumping arteries, like it had been trapped behind a dam, eager to escape. He laughed at that thought. Little whimpers reached his ears, distant, dampened by the fog in his mind, or maybe the rain.
References to upsetting things previously mentioned in the story
"Well, be that as it may..."
If Dean had thought the sex before had been electric, he had been wrong. This was something new entirely. Fear charged the air between them, hearts racing with the risk of death. It was like the first few times he’d tried anal, fighting the natural instincts that told him he was doing something wrong, something dangerous. God he had missed that feeling. They were opposing magnets, too similar to ever touch, being driven together even as the force that made them what they were resisted the proximity. Breaking every rule that they had ever known. If this killed him he would be glad of it.
Later, whenever the job was done and Dean's mind was clear, he called Bobby.
Cas hoped it was the whiskey that was causing him to speak truths he never shared. His family knew, of course, but it wasn't something that was spoken of. There was no need to discuss what was already established.
The rest of the class left the room and the door closed with a deafening finality.
Dean was silent for what could have been minutes, could have been seconds; Cas' perception of time seemed to be slipping.
The angel paused the assault and pulled back slightly. Dean tried to yank him back by the lapels of his trench coat, desperately seeking to renew the sensations coursing through his veins, but the angel didn’t budge an inch. The smirk on Cas’ face was clear now, predatory.
“My my, you are an interesting creature.”
Gagging
“Of course,” Cas shot him a warning look. ”We shall take this elsewhere.”
Dean’s desire to fight melted away. It hadn’t been Cas’ fault. None of this was Cas’ fault.
Dean shook his head, stomach growling at the mention of food.
********************
Cas did mean to do as Dean asked. He could see the desperation with which Dean was reaching for violence, for some justification of Cas’ continued existence, and yet he found himself being gentle. It only riled Dean up further.
He punched the doorframe before he could think better of it, feeling wood crack beneath his fist and splinters bite into his skin. He looked down at the mess he'd made, his father's handwriting all broken up by his damn stupid outburst. He felt sick.
“Please, punish me.”
The moan that this sentence wrung from Dean was quite possibly the sexiest thing Cas had ever heard.
Dean shook as an orgasm was wrenched from his soul, his hips violently bucking beneath Castiel’s punishing weight. Castiel’s own orgasm following close behind.
Dean shook his head. “Best get you patched up first.”
He yanked down Dean's pants and slapped him across the ass, the sound of flesh against flesh reverberating around the room and into the world beyond before he closed the door behind them, sealing him in.
“I don’t care about the freaking pie!” Had those words seriously just come out of his mouth? That was probably the weirdest thing that had happened today, and it had been a really weird day.
, infinitely grateful for the euphoric daze he sensed in Dean’s thoughts. He untied Dean’s hands and took the hunter in his arms, Dean instinctively lowering his chin to rest in the hollow of his shoulder, and held him there as the fog lifted from both of their minds.
“We’ll be fine Dean.” Sam cut in.
Damn, he was good. Dean summoned the last of his willpower, seamlessly (he hoped) slipping into older brother mode.
“Don’t worry Dean, I didn’t know either.” Cas pecked him on the cheek, somehow quieting all his worries, and shakily walked towards the door, Dean quickly moved to steady him.
Cas released his hold and grinned smugly as Dean rubbed his aching leg, a look that was gone almost as soon as it had appeared. A waiter materialised at the table, asking them for their drink orders, and Cas had ordered two red wines before Dean could open his mouth and ask for a beer. The waiter was about to walk away when Dean decided that he'd had just about enough thank you very much. He summoned up his most charming smile and ordered four shots of whiskey. He was expecting a reaction immediately, instantaneous world ending vengeance, perhaps that was what he had been hoping for, because when it didn't come there was a strange twinge of disappointment within him. An unreadable look passed across Cas' face, then was gone.
"I think I have had enough of that mouth for today. Stay silent like a good little slut."
Castiel rolled his eyes, and started to undo his tie.
sending you porn.” Dean panted, little whines escaping between words as Cas teased him with far more skill than an angel of the lord should possess in that department.
Dean rushed to obey. Cas felt himself getting hard against his will at the pure subservience that Dean seemed so eager to give in to. It seemed like an eternity before Dean finally got the last shirt off (why he insisted on covering that body with such an unnecessarily large amount of clothing Cas would never know) all though in reality it had to have been under a minute, a minute of terrified suspense, Cas’ heart hammering painfully, the adrenaline feeling similar to the moments before an anticipated drop from a great height. Then his stomach plummeted as all of his fears were realised. The tattoo was dark and real and all too absolute. He was a hunter.
Blow jobs
Dean sighed and lifted his head. Cas passed him the whiskey, sensing that a little liquid courage might be needed.
If he had been kinder to the Winchesters maybe they would have saved him. If he’d been kinder to anyone maybe someone would have noticed he was missing. As it was, no one saved him. No one even knew he was gone. As it was his body rotted and was never found. Maybe Jack knew, maybe not. He had vowed to be a hands off god and he would live up to that promise.
“Stop talking. I need you to leave town, now. Pack everything you’re likely to need and get as far away as you can. Get Balthazar to do the same.”
"Yes," Dean whispered.
Minor character death
Dean drank like a man condemned. He supposed he was, in a sense. His neck would be on the chopping block sooner or later; people like him, they didn’t live long. He’d dispatched a few of them himself, they never looked surprised. He used to keep a notebook, a little book bound in red leather, full of the names. He could remember some of them, the first ones, the ones that mattered. When he’d filled it up he didn’t start another. He didn’t need more proof that he was a monster.
“Why not?”
"We've been over this, Sammy. The job didn't kill Dad. That one's all on me."
“I know.” Dean said, and the crazy thing was, he believed it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Please Cas..."
“I could have done. I followed his trail, stalked like I would for a kill, and then I let him go. I did that for you Cas, do you feel grateful?”
"Turn over." He instantly did so. "I wish to bind your hands."
“Are you really going to pretend you never had one of those friends as a kid?”
"Get on the bed."
Sam left the day after. It was good that he was gone, Dean told himself. Not for Dean, but for Sam. Violence never suited Sam. That kid left his heart far too open, which was why Dean couldn’t exactly fault him for leaving him behind, it was no good for someone like that to be surrounded by monsters. When Sam had told him, months later on one of the handful of phone calls they’d shared since that night, of the rage he’d felt and the satisfaction of seeing her dead, before the cold fear and the guilt had set in, Dean didn’t have it in him to admit to the way that he yearned for that rush. The kid had grown up, while Dean had grown old, and he could see how it weighed on him. Yes, it was best that he left, got away while life still mattered to him. One would only lead to another and another, and that purity that he didn’t even seem to realise he still possessed would be lost. Sam left, but Dean was the one who was lost.
“I-” Dean stuttered. “I got drunk again. I knew you were coming over and I got drunk.”
“’course Sammy,” the words came out soft. It wasn’t like there had ever really been any other answer he could give, he would do anything to save his brother, even now.
*************************
“Hey, a guy can have two.” Dean shivered slightly, “come on, I’m freezin’ my tits off out here.”
“Wouldn’t that be a shame,” Dean gulped down more booze close enough to the phone for Cas to hear.
“Very well. Take off your clothes.” Cas growled the command in his ear, intentionally deepening his voice, well aware of the effect that had. It worked, as always.
"And you're a hunter," Cas didn't seem surprised.
Maybe he was just asleep.
“I should’ve got over myself years ago.”
Possibly more explicit than the rest of it?
Dean dragged Cas in, fingers gripping desperately at the front of his shirt, and stared at him until he couldn’t bear it anymore. They kissed out of fear, with the knowledge that a moment more looking at one another would have broken them, that they were breaking anyway.
His vision was hyper focussed at the same time it blurred with tears and the surreal nature of what was happening.
He didn’t need to strain his mind too much to confirm that statement.
“Nine one one emergency, how can I help?” A voice rang out from the other end of the phone.
“You bet against me? I cannot believe you!” He barked at Sam, who didn’t look even remotely apologetic.
“Look at him, see what you have done, he’s going to die because of you.”
“Open wide,” his voice had the musicality of glee as he watched Cas’ expression turn stormy. God he loved that look, like thunder brewing, like he was about to be struck down by the heavens.
“Then do not ask me to. You do not get to control the details here. Either I do as I choose, or I do nothing at all, are we clear?”
"Well that makes two of us. Can we go back to making out now?"
He didn't have a choice. He supposed it had to happen eventually, he could only hide out in motels for so long. Echoing footsteps and the ghosts of his parents weren't something that just went away with time.
Dean blushed.
“You know, you didn’t need to get a potentially deadly injury to get me to say yes. I would have gone out with you anyway, if you’d just asked.” He only realised the words were true as he spoke them. How long had he been wanting this? How had he managed not to notice all of these years? Freaking moron. Freaking moron who was going out with Castiel Novak. All of a sudden he was grinning right back.
“Where are her things?”
“Why on earth would you need clothes?”
“You think you’ll die?”
Shit hitting the proverbial fan
Murder
"I will put this simply," Dean bristled at the tone, hearing the patronisation, the implication that he was somehow lesser, "you are failing this class. You are also failing English, and history, and, if you do not vastly improve your grade point average by the end of the month, you will be expelled."
“No, I couldn’t,” Dean’s jaw tensed.
“Cas, please, don’t do this now.” He said in a last ditch effort as he mentally imploded.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We should get back home.”
Tags for this chapter:
“Hello, Samuel? Dean can’t come to the phone, he’s a little tied up right now. The next one you send after me dies,” he gave him the address, not wanting Dean to stay out in the cold too long, then hung up before the asshole could respond.
Cas pumped his finger in and out a few times, before adding a second, the third joining it almost as quickly. There was a slight burn, but then Dean had always liked that, a hint of pain to magnify the pleasure. Cas crooked his fingers, and Dean yelled at the pressure on his prostate. His whole body was shaking for release, so close, so very close. The fingers left him empty, and Dean could have cried at the loss. He expected them to be instantly replaced with Cas' cock, but instead the angel just watched him as he came down from the edge. Dean was briefly thankful for the panties bunched up in his mouth, because without them he didn't think he could have held back the spew of profanities that seethed in his mind.
It was far too easy to be evil once the switch had flipped, that was the scary thing. Dean was a stranger to himself, existing somewhere beyond his own actions, desperately trying to maintain that separation for the fear of what would happen if he saw what he'd become. He allowed himself moments, brief glimpses of reality that hurt so bad he could barely breathe, before he shut himself out again. He was living proof that evil wasn't born, it was made, and even as he disgusted himself he was powerless to resist that dark influence. He was too broken to be fixed, you couldn't turn back time to unbreak a cracked cup, you just had to glue it back together or throw it away. He suspected that the prior was no longer an option.
"Now now Dean, it wouldn't do to let it go to waste, not when you wanted it so very much."
It had been years since it happened, that dark night in the back of a bar, but he still had nightmares about it. If Sammy asked, Dean would tell him it was hell he was remembering, supernatural creatures, things he knew he would understand. But that was a lie. When it came down to it the worst monster of all, the one he had been truly unable to fight off, had been all too human. He hadn’t had sex in years, whenever he did it all came rushing back, sex was no fun after that. The abject terror running through his drunken brain, the complete helplessness, it was all too much to bear. He cried sometimes, late at night when the booze made him remember, and there was no one else to hear. He thought he could go on like this, always alone, always hiding the truth from everyone, and then he met him.
, not now, not ever if he could help it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas snapped his eyes back to Gabe.
Cas shivered as Dean grazed his hands over his straining shoulders, the muscles fighting to keep him upright. Dean pulled at the chain, raising it a few inches more, so that Cas’ feet barely touched the ground. His toes scrabbled for purchase, but found none, the smooth surface of the floor held no indentations in which he could grip.
“So Kali has her arms around me and we’re both pretty wasted by now and this elephant nearly...” Gabe trailed off as he caught Cas’ expression. “Cassie? I really hate to interrupt the eye sex, but Balth is gone, drinking alone is booooring.”
“How long’ve you been reading my mind Cas?” His voice was loud and unsteady, he tried to look mad, but he couldn’t cover up the terror of his deepest secret being exposed.
"I'd like that, all of it, whatever... whatever you want to do to me."
(See the end of the chapter for
When it was over Jack got into the backseat, and Sam sat down beside him, and they didn’t watch through the window as Dean reunited with his angel.
“What in the world?”
“Hello Dean,” Cas kept his tone grim, staring Dean down until the smile slipped.
Cas shifted on the bed, trying to decide whether he was entitled to pry, if he even wanted to.
"Do you trust me Dean?"
“You are deflecting.” The vulnerability was gone, replaced by a fierce determination.
He was a good writer, after all, and he loved his family.
“Maybe later,” Cas smirked, pulling on his trousers and following Dean.
"Stop, I... I don't deserve..."
Dean responded with a deep kiss, not knowing the words to describe all that he felt in that moment, he didn’t need to. Castiel knew all he wanted to say. He let out a blissful sigh, and lay down to rest in the warmth of his angel’s arms, at complete peace for the first time.
"So, you're an angel," Dean said, backing towards his clothes, his gun.
Manhandling
“Relax, Dean, you will only make the pain worse by tensing.”
“Ooookay,” Gabriel was silent for a beat, a rare occurrence. “Stay safe little brother,” there wasn’t a hint of sarcasm in his voice. Cas swallowed down a lump in his throat.
“It’s an old mahogany box, with a symbol carved on the front, almost like an incomplete game of hangman. I don’t really know how to describe it.” Nerd, Dean thought with a smile, of course that’s what Cas would compare it to. Of course it was.
"In a sense."
“We can. We can do whatever we like. No one needs to know. Just you, me, and these old walls.”
Dean huffed in frustration.
Dean grabbed his hand, unthinking, and dragged him up the stairs.
“No.”
"I need it to hurt, I need it- I need..." Cas shook his head sadly, touching forehead to forehead and hoping it would do something to calm the man, breathing in the same air.
