“Yeah, Sam, wha…” Dean quickly moved his phone away from his ear. “Hey! Don’t yell and not at the same time! I don’t wanna be deaf, thank you!” He tapped the screen and lowered the phone. “So. What?”
“I don’t consider healing you as a way to waste my power.” The angel frowned at him disapprovingly but his features quickly softened. “What happened to you two? How did you get hurt? And where’s Gadreel?”
Sam punched Cas in the face.
“Dean is sleeping deeply right now. Let’s not disturb his rest.”
Dean was about to shake his head too, but his eyes fixed on something on one of the shelves. As they passed by it, he turned his head back, watching whatever caught his gaze. Castiel stopped and looked back. They just passed the entrance of the toy section. Carefully Castiel walked backwards, pulling the cart with him.
“Tammy?”
The Colt. The gun that can kill anything but Lucifer and some other guys. Is a Knight of Hell one of those guys? Can the Colt kill me?
The former angel got inside the car. Just like last time, the key was hidden above the visor. He was about to start the car when the other door opened and Muriel sat inside.
I look at the furniture, grab its side and move it away experimentally. As expected, it slides away, revealing a vault door behind it. Luckily, there are no access panels, just a handle that I have to turn and the door opens.
It was unsettling. Even locked into Heaven’s prison could not stop Metatron’s influence. No wonder he was so calm in his cell. Having a spy outside who reported him from time to time gave him an advantage. He could only imagine what damage the scribe had made since his imprisonment.
“Yes, Dean, for the hundredth time, we packed everything.”
Hannah’s hand stopped on the man’s back. She didn’t understand how just being there would mean anything. And why would Sam be grateful for that? Humans were strange creatures. Illogical.
“Can I help you, sir?” she asked with a wide smile.
Which, as it turned out an hour later, was a total waste of time.
The voice of the hunter snapped Castiel out of his shock and he rushed to the two. He knew he was no match against Michael not even if he had his own Grace. But he couldn’t let the archangel kill Dean. He had to save him. Even if it would mean his death, he had to try.
Dean quickly made his way to the door. He wanted to leave as soon as possible and lock this bastard in here for all eternity. But this just encouraged him to go on.
“Except, Sariel wasn’t a demon.”
But instead Sam just shook his head and smiled a little.
“Thanks, Cas” Sam said as he rubbed the shampoo around the top of Dean’s head.
Sam bit his lower lip and folded his arms before his chest. He fixed his gaze on the floor for a while then looked back up at them.
Daphne looked past Castiel who turned around. There were the photos on the shelf. He just noticed one of them had been taken on a wedding. Daphne’s wedding.
They had been about six hours away from the bunker when they had stopped at the diner. Where this conversation had happened.
Sam frowned. He stood up and walked to his door, standing there quietly as he listened. Did he really hear it? There shouldn’t be any kids in the bunker. Was he dreaming then? When little footsteps were heard from the corridor too, the man opened the door and looked outside.
“You see, in ‘I Know What You Did Last Summer’ your Crossroad Demon appeared as a male so I…”
They changed the plan in a few seconds. As soon as they finished, Cas got out of the car and took cover in the shadows. Sam did the same in a minute but headed towards the entrance.
Hannah looked at Sam, tilting her head a little. Sam smiled and shook his head.
“Back to basics again, I see. The scowling squirrel who tries to appear strong and serious while he’s just a scared little boy in the big dark world. Tell me, Dean.” Crowley put his arms on the table and leaned forward a little, the shadows grew around his eyes. They were twinkling like two little lamps in the darkest night, leading the wanderers to certain death. “How does it feel to be back in your former club? Is humanity treating you well?”
Noriel and Abiel turn quickly. They both have their blades in their hands, ready to defend themselves.
Sam nodded and stood up. Gadreel sensed that the man was hungry and would look for some fruit in the kitchen. Then Sam froze.
“You see, I was hunting down angels turned demons for Crowley because they were Abaddon’s buddies and he wanted them out of the way and there was one guy who kept Gavin in a vault and I took him to Rufus’ cabin and I liked the guy then you summoned me and told me about this ripple and I thought at that time that it was a good idea so I killed that poor kid and burnt everything in the storage room and…”
“You know, Castiel…” Ephraim started after a while. “Yesterday something strange happened. I was following the screams of your soul when all of a sudden it…
The sharp pain in my head is a reminder that I shouldn’t think about anything related to who I used to be. I have to forget about Dean and the life he lived. I have to focus on this task. I have to kill those three demons.
Dean’s grip got tighter around Cas’ arm.
Castiel slowly shook his head.
“Excuse me” she started. The man looked up at her. “I need to go to Randolph, New York.”
“He’s in trouble.”
. And did…
Tomorrow may be his last day but he would face it bravely.
Okay, that was a problem. But there had to be a way, some hidden answer in the world.
Silence then quick footsteps were heard. And then there he was with his blue Gas’n’Sip vest and unruly dark locks and soul-staring blue eyes.
“Wait…” Dean stepped away from the table he was leaning against and looked down at the two women. “Oz? How did Sariel go to Oz?”
“I can take it from here” Castiel suggested. “Go have a rest.”
it away. And even if he had his Grace he couldn’t do anything because Dean had died because of him. He hadn’t broken that damn tablet in time and Metatron had killed Dean.
“Were you out of your minds?!” he yelled at them. “You almost killed yourselves!”
darkness trembled.
The man looked like a very morbid Santa. He had a long beard and hair, reaching the foot of the podium and beyond. The closer the threads were to his head the darker shade of brown they had, and the color changed to snow white at the end. His stern eyes were changing colors, shifting from brown to green, to grey, to blue. He appeared grandfatherly, but what made this outlook morbid was the scythe in the man’s right hand. In the other he was holding an hourglass. A broken one.
It had been horrible to watch his brother breaking down by the sight of blood on his hands. It had been Dean’s first time killing anything that bled since their time travel. One month was not enough for the eldest Winchester to move on. His time as a demon left a great scar on him and Sam couldn’t do anything but support him any way possible. So he decided to take it easy. They didn’t have to jump right into the heavy stuff. They could start with small things, like normal ghosts. They could move to other monsters later.
But… was it really that surprising? The Winchesters had grown up in a twisted life full of danger. Was it really that surprising that Dean wanted to protect them even from the lightest breeze? And now the man stood before him, his eyes filled with pain because he had one job and he fucked up real bad. And even though Kevin was alive here, Dean still remembered the time he had mourned him. And maybe he was still mourning that dead Kevin.
“Then I’ll go with you, Sam” she smiled at the younger Winchester. “This fat-sucking creature sounds fun.”
“It would help knowing how Sariel got those.”
“Cas…?”
Dean pulled a hand down his face and sighed, hand stopping on his mouth. He’d… He would think about it. Really. But not now. There was just too many things on their list. Sariel, Metatron, and Cas’ Grace. And when everything settled, when there were no monsters they had to run after, then maybe… maybe…
Dean squeezed him tighter, burying his face into the crook of Cas’ neck, taking a deep breath and just… Enjoying that he was there with him.
But as for now he won’t do it. I have to push Cas to his limit and kick him beyond it. And there’s only one way I can do it.
…and…
Dean shrugged.
to finally find a way to you, I’ll damn bother with it!”
“Of course. Give me a paper.”
Silence.
Dean looked down, saddened.
Crowley blinked a few times like he just realized where he was then looked back at Sam.
The prayer ended as sudden as it had started. Hannah considered her options. She could wander around aimlessly until she found something useful, or she could go to the Winchester and ask for help. Angels in Heaven were always whispering about the Winchesters. According to them, the Winchesters were madmen who always caused trouble wherever they went. But, although humans were not her favorite creatures, Hannah considered them to be good humans. They saved many lives, they had to be good, right? It felt only natural to try help Dean Winchester.
“She’s one of the Fates” Castiel explained quickly before the goddess could be offended by Dean’s word. “She decides how much time for life is to be allowed for every living being.”
Next to him Dean suddenly started shaking and Sam was shocked to realize that his brother was trying hard to not crying. Dean Winchester rarely cried. Just when he bottled up too much and couldn’t hold it back anymore. He hadn’t seen him like this since… No. It wasn’t him who had seen the last time. It was Gardeel who had seen Dean slowly breaking down when he couldn’t do anything for Sam. In those memories he had only seen the aftermath but he was sure the night prior to that had been rough for him. Sam had been dying and Cas hadn’t answered his prayers.
I shake my head and try to focus on something else. Earlier I zapped to a store and took some knew cloths and bandages. Also a sewing kit to seal the wound. It’s the best activity to draw my attention away from everything around and inside me. The wound is on the back of my shoulder so I can’t see it properly. I have to use a mirror so I have to coordinate my hand carefully. I can also use only one hand. Perfect way to not think about anything but the task ahead.
“Damage? What damage?”
Love. She knew the concept of love. It was an emotion one felt for an other. For example the angels loved God who then asked them to love humanity. But what humans described as love was more complicated, confusing even. There were so many ways to love, so many layers she didn’t bother to look into it deeper. She had never wanted to be associated with humans. She watched over them but getting in touch with them was never her intention.
Benjamin grabbed her arm, stopping her.
I grab Crowley’s arm with both of my hands and try to push him away but I can’t. I can hear the Mark snickering at me while it shuts away all of its power so I can’t use it. I want to curse it but I don’t have enough air in my lungs to think properly. The only thing I can do is fight for some oxygen and listen to what Crowley says.
Benjamin stepped next to them. The two angels greeted him with a nod.
“Kevin, you’re safe…” Sam started but Kevin held up his hand and sent the man an angry glare.
“None taken. And…” Castiel hesitated for a moment. Was he a hunter? The last time he had suggested that he would become one it had been followed by the disapproving looks of the Winchesters.
Cas looked away to which Crowley frowned.
“Hey, Kevin?” He curled up his fingers slightly, tracing the lines of the tabletop. “What’s up?”
He didn’t know how long they stood there. He didn’t know when Dean hugged him back. He was freezing but the only thing he cared about was that he found out what he had wanted to know for so long and that he finally apologized for his stupidity. Nothing else mattered in that moment.
“That’s the way I roll, I guess.”
and a comforting darkness.
Sam huffed angrily and pocketed his phone.
Theo’s response was a great amount of saliva on the floor.
“Did I say something funny?” she asked and he could swear he heard resentfulness in her voice.
A bluish light trapped in a bottle.
Sam pulled his shaking brother to his chest and hugged him as tight as he could without hurting him. Physically at least. He already made a pretty big emotional damage, he didn’t want to make it even worse.
I let my senses free. I feel every soul around the area. When I don’t find Sam, I widen the circle around me until I finally feel him. But he’s not moving. He’s staying at the same spot with someone. He’s not in the car.
“Yeah, I figured. Take care.”
“Run when we’re out of sight.”
The angel touched the paper thoughtfully. Leaving a mark. What kind of mark would he leave when his time ended here? Would it be good or bad? Would people think about him as a failure or a friend? Would be there someone to keep a piece of him, something he had left behind with them all the time, carrying it everywhere they went? Hoping that one day they could give it back to him?
I stand up and sneak behind the angels so they won’t spot me. They crouch, picking up feathers from the ground. They are brown. Don’t angels have white wings? Or was that only how humans imagined them?
He was expecting the disbelief. Eyes widened with shock or narrowed upon hearing the crazy story of their time travel.
Someone was chasing him in a city of ruins. It was like a warzone. There were big holes on the buildings and the streets were littered with ashes and garbage. It looked horribly similar to a Kansas City filled with croats. Dean tried to find a hiding place but whenever he was about to open a door it was locked or a bullet hit the wood an inch away from his hand. So he kept running.
“No!” Dean shouted and turned around. “There wasn’t! This was the only way I could pay back what I did!”
“I’m three months pregnant.” She looked back at Castiel with a big smile. “David doesn’t know yet.”
Dean blinked at Castiel for a few moments then looked at the phone.
Crowley shakes his head as he steps closer to me.
“Do or do not” Cas cut in. “There is no try. I know.”
After he closed the door behind him he walked down the corridor towards the kitchen. He felt hungry. He didn’t remember when he had eaten the last time. The previous day? The day before that? His stomach informed him with a loud rumble that it had been too long since he had any proper meal. Castiel accepted his human body’s needs and continued his way to the kitchen.
“Watcha doin’?” he asked.
Hannah tightened her jaw and looked away. She needed to talk to Castiel. If it continued like this, there wouldn’t be anything left of Castiel in a little more than a week. She was unsure if the angel would die as the last of his Grace burnt out or something else, but she had to protect her brother. And if that meant separating him from his friend, then so be it. Castiel’s life was more important than a bond.
“Oh, Dean. You missed out a lot if you don’t know what it is. I’ll make an account for you on Crunchyroll, unless you already have one, which won’t surprise me at all if you do have. I’m sure you’ll like it. You could learn a lot from the Elrics, both of you. Mostly about how to maintain a healthy and not codependent relationship with your brother.”
the other, refusing to obey
What had he almost done?
Dean looked behind him quickly. Timmy watched them with his big eyes, probably not understanding why his guitar teacher was so upset. He just saw that Dean made Robin sad. Would Mama Ghost think he was a threat?
That’s when I feel the sudden pull.
It was a big white bear – a little shorter than Dean – with warm brown eyes. Honey. That was the bear’s name. Dean took it everywhere he went, always keeping it at sight. He dressed it in his cloths, brushed its fur, held tea parties where all of them were invited.
“I…” it stated. It sounded weak, scared, like it was a child lost in the world. “I don’t know how you can help me. I was never awake. I never needed to go back to sleep.”
Hannah stood up and looked at Castiel one last time.
The sudden change of tone was a surprise for Dean.
He tried to recall the events of that day. He had had a fight with Cas. He had taken the rings. Death had given him his ring. He had started the incantation. Something had hit his head… Someone had thrown something at him that had knocked him out? But who? And why?
Dean took a step forward.
“There’s a big crowd out there.”
He should be angry at him right now. Cas had tried to kill Dean. The very thing Sam wanted to avoid at all cost. He had even hit Cas. And Cas had tried to do it anyway.
“Why are you
Jody’s eyes widened.
Ed stopped again and looked around so he could spot the Winchester.
Benjamin fixed his gaze on the floor then slowly looked up at him. The compassion in his eyes felt like a stab of a knife. Not to mention his words:
The Empty was heaving.
They were back in business mode in no time.
And I’m serious. I’m
The boy’s home was a nice house surrounded by many green. It felt like a peaceful place where boys would be taken care of no matter the reason they got there. And by looking at Dean and the nostalgic gaze he regarded the building with, Castiel was sure the man loved spending time here. He decided he liked seeing that expression on Dean’s face. It meant that the memories he recalled hadn’t left a scar on him.
“He’s sulking” Bobby added.
No, she wasn’t. She was an abomination from Hell who casted an evil spell on his best friend. He hated her for that. How dare she steal
The younger Winchester turned his back to his brother and rolled his eyes.
Castiel didn’t look at Sam. He had an unfixed gaze and just nodded. Hannah put her hand back on Castiel’s shoulder and squeezed it. She would do anything to help him reach their destination alive. Maybe… even if it meant to give up her own Grace. It wouldn’t last longer than this stolen Grace, but maybe her willingly giving it up wouldn’t kill him in the end. And if it meant Castiel would survive this, she would gladly sacrifice her Grace. She would do anything for her family.
The nurse handed him the prescription, a paper he didn’t bother to look at and a long list of foods which he curiously read through. Mainly rabbit food. Amazing.
“So, no Game of Thrones or Attack on Titan catching-up for me…” Charlie sighed as she got to the end of her dash. Which was almost a thousand pages and getting to the end of it caused her a horrible headache but she didn’t want to miss anything.
With that she turned to walk away. Dean sent a questioning look towards Cas when he faced him again, but he just shook his head.
It was a race against time. Not only because of Cas’ health. Time was actually chasing the two through the long hallway of the dungeon. But their destination was not far ahead. He could see it already.
Dean looked at the angel between his fingers.
Sam looked up at Charlie. She grinned down at him.
“Isn’t it a little early for that?” Bobby had asked with one raised brow. “And you never drink alcohol.”
“Becky Rosen. She’s a very…
He shrugs.
“Really? Are you at peace with
“Where are you going?” the female asked, turning the wheel in front of her. She stepped on one of the pedals under it and the machine started moving. Hannah watched it with fascination. She had always thought humans were not that fascinating, a waste of time for the angels who always observed them, but now she had to admit they were quite intelligent if they could build something like this.
Dorothy turned the key many times but there were no magical passages to the Batcave. Like in Stargate when the Gate didn’t work and SG-1 had to find a solution or an other way to get home.
“I don’t know…” Cas answered. “I thought… I thought it was over. No Mark, no darkness looming over him.” He raised two fingers to Dean’s forehead but nothing happened. The former angel sighed and his hand sled down the sleeping man’s face. “I was wrong…”
Dorothy asked in her mind. Because something was up with this woman and she had a feeling it had something to do with the missing people. Maybe it was the toothy grin that almost blinded her, or maybe the sweet silk-like voice that snaked around her throat, she couldn’t tell, but something was off, she was sure of that.
Sonny frowned.
Linda looked back at the former angel.
But he couldn’t leave him behind. No. His conscience didn’t let him. And Dean would kill him. So no. Even if he had to carry him, he would take Cas with him to Father Time, and nothing would stop him.
The ceiling and the walls opened around him like it was the skin of an orange and a greater force was peeling it. Everything became brighter and he feared the building was going to collapse on him but he was standing in a parking garage the next moment. Outside the sun was shining and he heard the siren of an ambulance along with the traffic of the city. He was walking, wandering deeper into the garage where he soon saw the Impala and a man holding Dean down. He started walking faster towards them. Sam wanted to run, to get to Dean as soon as possible because that man clearly wanted to kill him, but his legs didn’t move as he wanted.
Hannah.
“Not to mention the other angels” Cas added. “Bartholomew and Malachi are fighting against each other. And at the same time looking for me.”
“You ask this? You from all people?” He shook his head. “Oh, Hannah. You did the same too.”
In the diner they all ordered a food that was on Dean’s list too out of sympathy to which Dean immediately said he didn’t need it but Sam saw that nervous press of his lips that said otherwise. They talked about nothings. They laughed a lot. They had fun like never before. And for a moment it was too good to be true, because what if it was just a dream and he was still in that other timeline? What if in the next minute he would wake up in his room and forget about all of this?
“If I…” he paused. “If I ever go dark side…”
Meg held up one finger and pointed at Sam and Hannah’s direction. Castiel looked back and frowned. He didn’t know what Meg was referring to. Maybe she just wanted to tease Sam after their argument.
The moment was interrupted by boots stomping up the stairs.
Hannah didn’t let him to finish. She quickly stepped away and made her way to the exit. No matter how many times he called her name as she rushed up the stair she knew she shouldn’t be here. If Metatron had something to do with it then she was a threat. And she didn’t want to hurt Sam and the others.
“Where did you get a shovel?”
But Cas was in trouble. They had to find him.
“Hey, honey!” he said with a voice that hurt Ed’s ears. He quickly excused himself before he threw up but he didn’t receive any answers from his friend. The tension in his body grew.
Dean snorted again.
I pour him more then more then more. We finish the first bottle, then the second, then many other kinds of alcohols. Gavin is a wreck after countless glasses, he sways dangerously on his chair and there’s not one time when he almost falls off. He talks about his home, his friends, how much he loved his mother and how much he cried when an illness took her away. He tells me how he hated his father because he spoke so badly about her all the time and how he punished him when he dared to argue with him. Gavin starts crying when he speaks about how he found his father’s corpse. Torn into bits, blood everywhere.
“Yeah, tell me about it” Sam agreed.
After a long silence Death finally gives his answer:
I feel the frustration growing in me. The Mark’s voice from the inside, Sam’s voice from the outside… The two soon mix together into one bizarre noise and my brain wants to explode.
“Sammy?” Dean waved a hand in front of his face. “Earth to Sammy! You there?”
“Kevin, you’re okay?” asked Linda. Kevin didn’t notice he had gasped.
Hannah leaned a little closer and looked deeply into Castiel’s eyes.
He couldn’t finish. Sam heard the Impala parking right at the door and soon Charlie and Dorothy entered. They both had a satisfied look on their faces, Charlie grinning like crazy.
They were silent as they approached the building. Sam didn’t see any movement but it didn’t mean there was nobody inside or around the area. Demons were sly bastards. They could hide anywhere, waiting for them to not pay attention for one moment and jump at them unexpectedly.
“You’re weak” the demon says. “I don’t know how you killed Asmodeus. She let you, probably.”
“Sam Winchester. Are you certain all of you are ready to carry through?”
“Lot’s of translation. Good night.”
“What?”
He felt Cas sitting next to him. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have a friend like him. The other day was not one of his proudest moments, not to mention everything he had done as a demon, and the former angel was still here, caring about him. This was the last push he needed so he took a deep breath and braced himself.
Sam sighed.
“You were right Cas” Dean said with a low voice. “I’m a blood lusting abomination. In the past few weeks I killed many. Not just monsters. I took the life of humans too. And do you know why’s that so funny? Because I liked it. I liked stabbing them. Spilling their blood and feeling the warmth flowing down my arm.”
Ten minutes later Charlie and Kevin returned and they headed back to the bunker.
Jody watched Annie for a while then turned her attention back to driving.
“You were carefree, happy and at peace. Nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“Yeah, finally!” Charlie put her hands on her hips and glared at the brothers. “Did you ward the Batcave against peaceful travelers from other dimensions?”
Sam stiffened.
The former angel sighed and started the car. He couldn’t waste any more time for arguing. Susie was in danger.
Dean shifted, looking up at Sam then down again. His arms tightened around him, his fingers dug into his puffy coat. If his arms were uncovered, he would be bleeding by now.
Hannah’s Grace moved uncomfortably.
What had Death called Sam? A ‘curious case’? What had he meant by that? And why would he send Tessa to warn him? What did Sariel want with him apart from the obvious revenge for killing her crazy siblings? What had she meant back on Swan Mountain?
Castiel frowned. There were still things he didn’t understand about humanity. He hadn’t had a long time to fully embrace it. Sometimes he found himself longing for it. Being human had been a struggle but it held many wonders, things he only appreciated after he had lost it. He wanted to be a human again. He wanted to be free, do what he wanted, be who he wanted to be. If only the world allowed him to be.
“No” he said. His adam’s apple moved up and down visibly.
“Answer me.”
Dean shivered.
“Kevin? What happened?”
“Cas?” His voice was small, almost frightened.
“Can I ask you a few questions?”
’ the angel said. ‘
“I’m glad for that too.” Cas smiled too but it quickly faded. “I’m sorry for your loss.”
“All victims broke their chastity vow” she explained with a low voice. “And adding it to the information we already know, like the blue flame, I’m certain that we’re facing Vesta. The people she took are under ground level, probably in a basement.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean rubbed his forehead. Cas was right. Crowley knew things. Like how to come back in time with them. That bastard was hiding so many things, Dean wondered when his ugly head would explode.
Castiel tightened his jaw. He gathered a great amount of Grace in his palms and pushed it inside Dean’s body. What he didn’t expect was the force that took more and more from him.
I sit on the couch for a while, trying to figure out what to do next. I have to stay away from the bunker. And I have to stay away from
he asked Thomas.
Metatron’s eyes twinkled with mischief.
“You heard me.” The nurse frowned at him. “We want to stabilize your sugar level. Alcohol and smoke would just ruin it.”
“Come inside then” she invited him in.
Castiel glanced one last time at the two then followed Sam down the corridor leading to the dorms. Being back at the place he came to call his home was uplifting. Especially after their successful mission of travelling back in time and turning Dean back to a human. They were extremely lucky to prevail against all obstacles. They had been in a hopeless situation in the hands of certain death but they surmount to their destiny. They had come out victorious.
Castiel looked up. A nice middle aged woman was looking at him with a warm smile. The woman was familiar. He knew he had seen her somewhere but he couldn’t place her anywhere for a moment. But he was sure they had talked sometime in the past. But where?
Kevin moved slightly closer to Dean, probably using him as a human shield, then answered. He had a black book in his hand that he put on the table next to the notes. Sam took it in his hands and looked inside it, turning a few pages.
“No, not yet” Sam said and drove away from the main entrance. “First we look around inside.”
I feel my soul pulling itself smaller and I can’t help but tremble. Good job, Dean. You made Death angry. This Sariel guy must be one nasty bastard if Death hates him –
“After months without hearing you, I gave up hope to ever see you again. I arranged a funeral with an empty coffin and went to a group for widows. I couldn’t stay at home all day. All alone. I needed a place where people understood me. That’s where I met David. Slowly we got closer and we got married four months ago.”
“Cas?”
“Dean was desperate. I was dying. Cas lost his Grace so he didn’t have any other choice.” Though he was defending him, deep down it was still bitter to think about his brother’s betrayal. “And Gadreel was scared. He was locked in Heaven’s jail for a crime he didn’t commit knowingly. The other angels didn’t know that and Metatron threatened him with his true identity.”
“It’s important that you’re–“
Hannah had enough. Her angel blade appeared in her right hand and with a quick motion she placed the tip to the human’s throat, sinking it slightly into the skin, just barely not drawing blood.
“How much do you know?”
’ Sam asked as he tried to come up with a plan that would end with them staying alive and the beast dead.
“So?” Dean asked once he was sitting inside. “How did it go?”
But Sam, maybe tired of all the avoiding and locking away emotions, he hadn’t been satisfied with that answer. It seemed now that they had their freedom, Sam had decided to not return to their old ways of dealing with feelings. And to be honest, it hadn’t been a good one to begin with.
“And that’s why Sam is always angry at me.”
“Take this filth away!” the shout was heard as soon as they turned at a corner. Arriving to Theo’s room, Castiel found the former angel sitting on a chair with his hands tied behind him. They couldn’t let Theo move freely in the room. He knew sigils that would banish Castiel and Hannah. They couldn’t risk it.
“I’ll have to do it, Bobby” he said with a weak voice. “I’m the only one who can do it.”
Who the hell wants to open the Cage? And why?
Castiel opened his mouth to protest but the angel didn’t let him speak again.
Castiel sighed.
“Man… Staying focused when you leave me hanging like that? Not fair.”
“I think I know where he is, thanks” he said hurriedly, his body swaying a little, and was already at the door when Nora called after him.
The other Dean turned away and looked at someone in the room. A Tall figure that stepped out of the shadows.
But he couldn’t open his mouth to say anything. When he gathered enough energy, the door was already closed and in the next moment he was sitting in the Impala, Sam driving it towards Arkansas and Father Time.
Crowley rolled his eyes.
Castiel looked at Dean one last time, closed his eyes and waited. He hoped when everything ends one day, Dean would have that so called ‘apple pie life’ and he would get to heaven. Dean was a good man, he deserved a place there. And maybe… Maybe they would meet there. They would put everything bad behind them, every fight and betrayer and they would be not ‘human’ or ‘angel’. Just ‘Dean’ and ‘Cas’. Just two souls in eternity.
The teen sat up slowly, looking at Dean questioningly.
“You should put a leash on the angel, Moose. Your training methods failed miserably. But what should I expect from a Winchester?”
“I was. Entangling with my brother back there did me no favors. But what strength I have left, I offer to you.”
He didn’t want to, but he agreed to walk to the kitchen with Becky. Since her appearance he tried his best not to be left alone with her. He still remembered the days when the fangirl had drugged him with some kind of love potion and made him marry her. He feared that this Becky would try something too.
’ he asked. ‘
Everything happened in a fraction of a second. He only had time to see that something shiny flew towards them.
of them.
once again.”
“One more and it’s over.”
Sam was… flattered. He knew Death respected him on his own way. More than a year ago he himself came to reap him. But God too? The God who left Heaven and the angels alone which then resulted a series of messed up situations? Where was he? Was he watching them now, curious if they succeed or not?
The hand that holds the Colt shakes.
She seems surprised at first. She stops cleaning the counter for a while to watch me but then a small smile appears on her face.
“So, Hannah…” she started. “What did you mean by ‘scattered around the globe’? It sounds like you and your siblings fell from the sky.”
Castiel couldn’t help but feel amazed. The way Dean talked and acted since their time travel, it showed a great growth of the man. He admitted to like things he had denied in the past. He, who once was against talking, now wanted to do exactly that. The only thing Castiel could do was to encourage and support him.
Hannah’s face darkened.
“Please, answer me. Is there
“I know” Sam said after he trusted his voice to not break. “I know you tried everything before you let Gadreel to possess me. I know you prayed Cas a whole night and that you did everything so Gadreel could heal me.” Sam grabbed Dean’s coat tight. “It’s my fault you went to look for the Mark. And it’s because I wasn’t clear that you thought I wouldn’t save your life. I
“What is this filth?!”
“It will be over soon.”
“My boyfriend hit me once” Ann Marie admits one night. There aren’t many people in the bar so she can sit with me at a table. She nervously rubs her finger on the surface of the table and doesn’t look into my eyes. “It started as a simple argument but… Things got dirty quickly. I ran away and here I am.”
The girl stepped closer.
“Let’s do this” Sam whispered.
With a quick motion, so fast that Dean had no chance to dodge, the woman touched his forehead.
“Lay down.”
“You went to Crowley?! After everything he had done to you?!”
“Yeah” Sam said softly. “It would be better for him.”
Shit, shit, shit,
The other possible way is to use a spell. The spell Henry Winchester used. He needed some ingredients for that but I don’t remember which ones. There must be a book in the bunker with it. And the bunker has a great supply of spell ingredients.
Dean turned red like a tomato.
Jody’s head jerked back towards Sam.
Looking at the walls, it’s surprising to find sigils hewed into the stone. Some of them I recognize easily, I used to use them when I was just a simple human, hiding from angels and demons during the Apocalypse and after that. But there are also unfamiliar symbols, some the combination of two different kinds. I wonder who made these and why. Were they hiding? From what? And when? Moss grew in the deep lines so it can’t be recent. The one who made these is probably dead already.
“Five hours so you must hurry” Hannah answered and looked at Sam. “You have to go now before it’s too late.”
Castiel reached towards the stone. He almost took it when the third angel jumped at him. Hannah, Dean, Josiah and Ariel moved at the same time. The two angels pulled the third away, while Hannah did the same with Castiel. Dean tried to attack the angel, but Castiel grabbed his arm to stop him. Sam and Charlie jumped between the two groups, with their backs to Hannah and the others, facing the three other angels.
There was just one thing that still bothered him. How had he gotten into the Impala?
Castiel stepped closer to the hunter. His vision turned to an angry red and his throat was aching from the yelling.
never forgave himself.
“I’m so sorry…” Cas chanted like a mantra. “I’m so sorry…”
In no more than half an hour everyone gathered in the garage. Bags in trucks, weapons checked, they were ready to go. Next to the Impala Linda talked to – scolded? – Dean who waited patiently until the woman finished. Further from them Cas and Hannah were arguing with low voices. Charlie only knew they were arguing because Cas rolled his eyes so many times he would soon get dizzy for sure.
“I was just checking out some things” he explained. “Noticed that some things suddenly appeared in my room and decided to have a look around. Turns out our cars from our timeline are here.”
And at what cost…
Castiel smiled, brushing Dean’s hair.
“I’m fine” Sam answered but by the way Hannah’s eyes narrowed he knew the angel didn’t believe him.
Sam sighs. He puts down the book on the table next to him.
Castiel smiled and shook his head, which he immediately regretted. Without thinking, he reached for Dean’s arm to steady himself and when he realized it he couldn’t pull back quick enough. Dean saw his movement and grabbed him by the shoulder.
Castiel turned to look at her.
And the anger is gone.
“Where did he go?” the man asked.
And he would kill Metatron. He would kill Metatron for what he had done to Dean and Hannah and Cas and Kevin and everyone he had hurt in any way. That damn scribe would find death by Sam’s hands and Sam would celebrate the day the angel vanished from this world.
In that moment Dean wished that he could be with the annoyingly chirping Susie one more hour. He was absolutely not ready for this conversation.
The woman’s face softened a bit and nodded.
Sam looked away angrily. He also made a face that Dean usually called a ‘bitch face’.
Dorothy smirked.
“Yeah, next time” I mutter. “Everything will be erased from this timeline before that can happen.”
Sam shut his eyes, but they were still burning.
Sam turned on his heels and came to face with the beast. He had never seen a hellhound this real before. The special glasses showed only a silhouette. With Gadreel’s Grace now he saw the hound’s ebony fur, blacker then the night behind it. Its eyes were glowing red and its fangs were dripping acid-like saliva. He still remembered how it burnt when it had touched his skin. The air boiled around its body.
Dean had taken one of the cups and downed the liquid inside it. He’d almost thrown up right there.
“I would rather look for Castiel too” the other woman agreed. “But we can’t say no to Bartholomew’s orders. You remember what happened last time.”
The Empty eyed his hand for a while.
I open my mouth to insult him but I stop breathing.
“An other angel called Metatron used my Grace for a spell that closed the Gates of Heaven and the angels fell. He caused a lot of trouble and pain ever since.”
“I don’t know” he answered with honesty. “But you two met in this time too, like it was meant to be. No matter what we change, there are some fix points that are meant to happen.”
Hannah looked to her left. An automobile stood next to her and a human, a female, watched her.
“What are you doing here, demon?” Noriel places his free hand on his pocket as if he feels my intention. Maybe he does. I don’t know how reading minds work for angels.
One night he woke to an argument taking place the other side of his door.
“I’m done with lying. I don’t want to hide anything anymore. Please, brother.”
Cas was still leaning into his palm when he turned to look at Dean, but Sam could see a little smile on his face.
The demon screams in pain. He steps away, trying to escape from the weapon that can kill anything but I don’t let him. I’m quickly on my feet and shove the Blade deep into his stomach. Mammon dies the way Abaddon and Asmodeus did, but now I don’t feel bad. I know it was the right thing to do. Mammon was an angel turned demon. He was a follower of Lucifer, an enemy of humanity and Heaven. He deserved to die and the others too.
Hannah bit her lower lip and looked away. She looked frustrated and… terrified? It was a rare sight to see fear on an angel’s face. And he was sure he had never seen it on Hannah’s face. Thinking about it, he had rarely seen Hannah show any emotions apart from those that every angel did, like anger, pride and admiration. But in the last few weeks Hannah had gone through a great change of character. She smiled more and even cried. Castiel hadn’t seen it but he could hear in her voice.
Ed snorted.
Dean sighed. Lately, he had been talking a lot. More than in his entire life and it was tiring. But he knew talking was important. They had stayed silent for too long.
Benjamin nodded and walked out of the bunker. Sam closed the door and went back to his friend’s side. And if someone guessed he wanted to make up for all those times he ignored the angel by sitting by his side without moving, he wouldn’t deny it.
And with that I leave Hell.
“Let it go, Frozen. And you more or less quoted Lewis Carroll.
Un-beta'd.
“He was a sorry excuse of a man!” The voice is not mine anymore. It’s a beast’s that’s an inch away from freedom.
The former angel took a deep breath. He never imagined he would see this house again. The house that he had called home for months, where a kind woman welcomed him and took care of him.
“No, I…” he started hesitantly. “I like it here. It’s safe.”
Sam looked around and waited, rocking on his heels. He didn’t have any spells to summon Death and he had no time to find a fulgurite. And honestly, he didn’t want to anger Death when he was the only one who could help him in this.
“We have to wait for him to open up. It might take a while but he has to know we are there for him.”
Before an argument could start between the two women Bobby cut in.
“You know, angel” he heard the demon saying. “I want to kill you. Really want to kill you. You’re annoying and this whining just makes it worse. But I won’t. And you know why? With this little plan of yours your Grace is almost nothing. I can see it dying inside you and it burns you up. You have little more than a week left. Why giving you the mercy of death when you can die slowly, knowing that you couldn’t do anything to stop me.”
In the middle of the nothing was a wooden door.
Literally falling into this unknown way of living left Hannah in uncertainty. She had never walked among humans in her existence so she had no idea how to act. Not that she wanted to adapt the life Elisa had left behind. No. Hannah had a mission to fulfill. She had to find a way back to her home.
“I started to fall from Heaven the moment I raised Dean from Hell. They called me a broken angel, and after a while I felt like I didn’t belong to them. Like I never belonged to them. They may be my siblings, but my true family is with the Winchesters. Dean is my family.”
Arriving to the two of them, Dean took a seat on Castiel’s lap and extended his hand towards Kevin.
“Will
“Idjits…” Bobby breathed out with a sigh. He needed something strong.
Why does he still believe in me?
Only he shouldn’t. He wasn’t an angel anymore. He was a human. His human brain wouldn’t be able to contain that enormous knowledge he used to possess. Just like the names of the future prophets, he had forgotten this language and who knew what else.
Sam chuckled.
“Dean!” Sam almost fell into the bathroom. The cold air entered from the corridor and Dean started shivering.
“And who are they exactly?” Dorothy asked, eying the angels with suspicion as she stood next to Charlie with an arm around her waist.
“But I’m not strong.”
“Don’t give up, okay?” she had said. “There’s so much more you have to experience.”
Cas slowed down a little before he answered without turning back.
Now Krissy’s dead father was in the bunker too.
“The reaper Tessa committed suicide” Gadreel announced and with a blue flash he gave back the control to Sam again.
“I forbid you to come! That man is dan…” The angel stopped after a few steps. What he saw was… horrible. The soul of the Righteous Man was tainted with the darkest of blacks. Castiel felt his heart aching with thousands of pains at the sight.
“Not! Now!”
One of Daphne’s hands left his shoulder, the other slid down to his wrist and she pulled him through the front door.
Truth to be told, it was on the tip of his tongue but once he was about to say it out loud it was gone in a whirl of nothingness. Naomi had told him once that she had altered his mind countless times. What if this, a simple name, was one of the many things she had erased.
“What now, Castiel?” she asked a few minutes after Hannah left.
“Yes” Sam nodded.
Castiel acknowledged his presence with a nod.
Dean’s eyes lit up and he hugged Sam’s leg.
“We have a lot to discuss.”
“Metatron was keeping an eye on us, I think” Cas said, looking more awake than before. “He knew about Gadreel in Sam.”
“Your what?” Cas and Charlie asked at the same time. Charlie’s eyes were twinkling with a mischievous light while Cas watched Dean with a blank expression. Dean paled a little.
, forever.
Sam had to admit Daphne had some guts to talk to Bobby like that. Dean would say she was kicking ass.
The former angel now understood the hunter’s concern. There was an other alteration in time. And who knew how many others were still there.
“Is she going to the vics?” Charlie asked doubtfully. They were leaving the town now and the distance between houses got bigger. “Or did she notice us?”
Sam only nodded, still in daze.
With that the human left Hannah alone. The angel watched him walking away, thinking about his words. Where could she acquire a ‘car’ – was that an other name of the ‘automobile’? – and how would she function it? She had no knowledge about those machines.
“Guys, that’s enough…” Charlie stepped between the two but they ignored her.
Sam asked.
“Maybe he thinks that if he didn’t succeed, his alter ego in the other timeline will. The only difference between this timeline and that is that Bobby Singer couldn’t summon Gavin MacLeod. Metatron’s desire for vengeance is the same. This Metatron is willing to sacrifice himself so the other would fulfill his revenge.”
“Woa, woa, woa!” Dean sat up properly and looked at the former angel with wide eyes. “Okay Steve Rogers, when did you start understanding any of my references?”
Castiel frowned. This conversation hadn’t started like this the last time. Theo had asked him to talk to Metatron and now Theo wanted to talk to him?
“It would take too long to tell everything and to understand what had happened last year you have to know about everything that took place since I set foot on the human world. So instead of talking I suggest you a faster way.”
“I apologize.”
Castiel acknowledged that by a nod.
For months? In this time Charlie was away for what? Two or three months? That was a rather short time for a revolution to win.
Castiel looked down at his hands. He looked exhausted by sharing his memories with two angels at the same time but he managed to hold himself up, not letting his head to drop on the tabletop.
The saliva of the hound dripped on his face, urging him to explain everything in the short version.
“I know my words are not as influential as others’. If I asked you to don’t give up, you wouldn’t do it for me. I’m not as important.” When he had wanted to protest, Meg had silenced him with a look. “So I’m asking you to do it for that idiot.”
“Come on.” Sam pulled him up and walked him to the closest bench.
“That idiot…” Then he turned to Cas. “I drive, you rest. We turn shifts in five or six hours. Dean can’t drive for more than twenty hours all alone. We’ll catch up with him in Indiana or Ohio.”
But that relief was short lived when he realised who was standing in front of him.
He also talked a lot with Dorothy, who provided a lot of information about Oz. Castiel always listened to her with his full attention and only snapped out of his concentration when Dean jokingly ruffled his head and called him a ‘nerd’.
Not good. Not good at all.
answered with
Cas smiled.
After the band aid was placed on Dean’s knee and Sam allowed him to go, Dean hopped down the chair like his knee didn’t hurt anymore and took Castiel’s hand.
Dean’s eyes found his and he didn’t let the other man to look away. After a few long moments, Dean sighed.
Castiel felt cold running down his spine. For a brief moment he was chained in the armchair again, Metatron approaching him, telling him Dean was dead…
“And risk losing one of them if the demons attack them both? No.”
“Yeah, but you don’t have to go all Assassin’s Creed in here.” Dean took some tools out the toolbox and turned back to the car. “How are you, by the way? You didn’t tell much about your time in Oz.”
Castiel caught Dean’s wrists before he could hit himself, but some unknown strength awoke in his body. Not even an angel’s physical strength was enough to hold him down. When Dean almost kicked him, Castiel had no other option but to climb on the bed. He placed his knees on both sides of Dean’s hips and with his feet behind him he pushed down the man’s legs. His fingers were still locked around his wrists.
was made of porcelain. He
“I think I can handle it, thank you.” I smirk at him. “You should be careful. I’ll stab you.”
found a crack in his jail and was using her for his own goals? What if he wanted her to let him out so he could continue where he had left off?
“Here” Bobby said when he put a giant map of the United States on the table in the middle of the room. “Arkansas. That’s the center of the ripple surrounded area. There’s a cave on the north side of this hill.”
inside her?
Dorothy let out a long breath.
Sam’s anger was about to erupt and Gadreel tried to sooth it but he couldn’t manage to ease it entirely.
They parked the car not far from an old abandoned farm. Dorothy took the stakes as she got out and handed one to Charlie.
For a while they were silent. Daphne from time to time took the ice pack from his nose to examine it, seeing if the swelling lessened. After a while she put the pack on the table and sat down.
Garth’s eyes were red, welling up with tears, and his face was wet from both crying and sweating. He breathed heavily, on the brick of sobbing again.
“Unless…” Crowley’s eyes widened slightly in disbelief. “You don’t have any feathers.”
“God created them first so they could guide and watch over us younger angels” Cas explained. “While they did their job, their actions were various. It shouldn’t have happened but each of us had a sibling we liked the most, regarding those different behaviors and habits.” Cas paused before he continued. “I had one too. With this sibling of mine I watched over humanity for many years. But one day ze was nowhere to be found and I was left alone.”
Sam sighed in relief. Father Time was real. They can ask for his help. He can help them.
“I hope you’re wrong.”
I zap away quickly. I have to stop whoever wants to set Lucifer free. If Lucifer is out, he will go after Sam immediately. I can’t let that happen.
But Sam didn’t have to know about other things. For example how he had gotten money when John was gone for more than a month, when there was nothing left to eat and Sam was still hungry, when he had to pay for the motel room, when Sam started growing like a mushroom and his jeans became too short.
“Yeah, I’m sure of that. So good luck, man!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The girl blinked and started talking. With her mouth closed. So it was more like a not understandable way of communication. And Sam was lost. He had very little experience with children and most of them were older than the girl. And all of them could talk.
Dean came to a halt at a door. Looking inside, Sam saw a staircase leading down to the basement, where he could see the faint light of lamps.
“Can’t it wait until we fix this?”
those who couldn’t escape.
Dean saw Dorothy opening her mouth, maybe to ask about the meaning of what Cas just said, but she was interrupted by Charlie’s loud gasp.
“I can do it, Dean. I have the blood, a priest sanctified it. I washed the floor with holy water too.”
“You’re not coming?” he asked with a weak voice.
Dean had to stop for the night. He got unused to tiredness in the past few months. In one moment he was driving in the dark but in the next he woke to the horn of a van. Luckily he had time to return the car to the right side of the road so he survived the almost frontal crash without any harm. He quickly parked the Impala in the shadows of a few trees and bushes, rubbed his aching head and killed the engine. He didn’t want to sleep in a motel. The familiarity of his car provided some safety.
“It seems to be trapped” he says finally.
That’s why I return to Hell. I appear in Crowley’s office who sits behind his desk like he was expecting me. Maybe he knew I would go back. Maybe it was all in his twisted plan.
“Yeah” Dean said quickly then looked up. “What will happen to you now?”
“Sam…”
“I was about to let Ephraim kill me.”
Sam looked around again. Apart from the rumble and the approaching form of the ripple in the background, everything was calm, like the animals living in the forest didn’t feel anything. Or they had already fled.
She shook herself mentally, chasing away any thoughts regarding her greatest pain. Sam shouldn’t worry for her. She had to be strong and unshakeable so she wouldn’t draw his attention away from what was important. Like saving people.
“But I finally feel like I’m accomplishing something” the teen said, looking up from the tablet. Dean was surprised to see that he was actually smiling. The last time he saw him like this was when he had been translating the demon tablet. “I’m finished with the fifth line and starting the next one right now.”
“In my…
No wonder Dean had said that after that argument. That one sided argument. How many times had Sam done something he wanted while he didn’t consider what the people around him thought? Like when he went to Stanford and left Dean with John. He had thought about it as a good memory, it had been even a part of his shared Heaven with his brother, but after what Dean had said…
needed more.
Dean’s eyes widened comically.
He reached out too late to pull her with him.
“Is it…” the angel started. “Is it about your nightmare?”
Sam woke to pain in his head. Groaning, he raised his hand to his head to investigate the cause of the aching. He had a bump. But how did he get it?
I have no time to think about it. I have to finish her once and for all before this thing happens again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know how to kill the Leviathans. You did last time with some unforeseen results but you did it.” Crowley narrowed his eyes. “There’s something you don’t like about this other timeline.”
On top of that, both Cas and Charlie were angry at him because of that little comment that had snapped Sam.
“Mom!”
“We’ll be back with her tomorrow” Sam nodded. The previous night they had agreed to rescue Ms. Tran after sunset. They would be able to use the dark to their advantage.
Malachi put down the phone. Castiel lowered his hand and stared at his with wide eyes, his dry lips parted slightly.
Castiel frowned at this, but said nothing. Josiah and Ariel gave him their blades right away, but Clara hesitated. She looked at her siblings, then at the humans and only parted from her weapon when Ariel nudged her.
She was pulled out of her thoughts when Metatron stood up and started walking towards the bars.
Hannah furrowed her brows as she thought about it.
As usual, very un-beta'd.
“It’s coming from outside” Hannah said as she rushed through the library and made her way to the front door. Sam and Castiel joined her, followed by the confused Daphne and Becky.
Castiel swallowed so little that Dean wouldn’t notice it. From the corner of his eye he saw Hannah watching him, eyes narrowed to a thin line.
Gadreel had no time to turn around. He was grabbed from behind and he could do nothing but curl around Thomas’ soul protectively before everything turned black.
“I killed my father” Bobby cut in because he didn’t want to hear it. He had enough with those idjit Winchesters and their penance they thought they deserved. “I killed my wife, twice. Rufus and his wife died because of me. I didn’t take you two away from your stupid father. I made a deal so my legs would work again. I was sure I’ll go to Hell but you know what happened in your timeline? I went to Heaven because according to some Heavenly trials I didn’t belong downstairs. All my actions were selfish and I still went to Heaven. But you, Dean.” His grip tightened on Dean’s shoulders. “You always gave and gave selflessly. If you weren’t, you would have run away after turning eighteen, gone to MIT or some other fancy school where you could have learnt Engineering and had a family with a dozen kids. But instead you raised Sam to be the man who he is today and didn’t care what you really wanted. You sacrificed yourself for him and others countless times. You are better than all of us. Why do you think you don’t deserve Heaven?”
In the past few days he was dealing with nightmares. He didn’t remember them in the morning but he always woke up in cold sweat and damp sheets tangled around his body. One time he fell off the bed, almost losing a tooth when he hit his face into the bedside table. There was an uneasy feeling settled in his stomach each morning but at least he didn’t remember anything.
Humanity fascinated him. All the senses, emotions, motivations and instincts. The different combinations of those made every individual unique on their own way. Some shone brighter, some were darker, but every human was a piece of art. He grew to treasure his time as a human even though how much struggle it had brought to him. Starting with the fear of uselessness, being not needed by those who were dear to him. That had been why Dean’s words had broken him back in the bunker. Finally when he had arrived to a place he could one time call his home, he had been sent away. The reason as he had later learnt was understandable but it hadn’t stopped him from feeling pain.
“So? Brohoof, Rainbow Dash?”
To his surprise Bobby looked angry.
“A trap” Castiel explained. “I used my Grace for it to be more effective than the trap in the bunker.”
Goddammit!
A tower of flame erupts from the pile. The room bathes in an orange light then it’s gone, leaving a black mark on the floor.
They stopped at the Gas’n’Sip because Cas had to get his stuff and he couldn’t leave without properly saying goodbye to Nora. Dean stayed in the car and watched the two. He could clearly see Nora’s confused face, Cas explaining something, then Nora looked outside right at him and turned back to Cas with a knowing smile. Dean sighed with frustration and decided looking at the passing cars was more interesting.
Bobby looked to his left and groaned.
“And you?” she asks. “You’re not from around here. It’s a small town and I know everyone.”
Sam had no idea why demons would attack a small nest like this. Vampires were smart. They tried to stay in the shadows, draw little to no attention to themselves, and if someone noticed them, they moved to find an other place to hide.
This all took about a week and a half. She was locked inside her new room and nobody could make her leave it. Okay, maybe the promise of some not so healthy and very missed food could lure her out of her tiny kingdom below ground level but apart from that she spent most of her time catching up.
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel asked with a tight voice, hiding everything with a blank expression.
And now she was running as soon as she stepped out of the portal to the entrance of the bunker. Her movements were a bit stiff, she only knew how to run because of the memories of her vessel. But knowing how to do it and doing it were two different things. She could only hope she wouldn’t trip on her own legs.
Yeah. And the end justifies the means. But not in every case.
It was a shame there were so few humans with souls like theirs. If there were more, the world would be a better place. Much better.
“Yeah, I’ll eat properly and drink and swallow the pills. Now shoo before I get into that car too!”
(See the end of the chapter for
What was it doing here of all places, this close to them? Why hadn’t Cas felt it yet? Why did
Dean stiffened again.
“So?” Bobby asked. “What happened in the past that screwed up the space-time continuum?”
As promised, Hannah returned with dozens of books and scrolls in the morning. She put them on the farthest table of the library and put her hands on her hips. Previously she just folded her arms before her chest but more human gestures appeared in her collection now she spent so much time in the bunker. Sam found it amusing but didn’t let it show on his face.
They both knew there was something awry when Bobby entered the library in slippers.
“Did he walk out of Alien, or was this the pishtaco we were looking for?”
Yes, Linda Tran was a strong woman if it was about her son. Thanks to his knowledge of different stories – which came in handy more than he wanted – he knew that protecting their child can make the gentlest woman a fierce warrior. And he certainly didn’t desire to be the target of this mother’s wrath.
Castiel shut his eyes.
that watched him lovingly.
Then the scene started again, the other Dean and other Sam fighting with those creepy mimes again.
He suddenly felt a hand on his forearm. Sam opened his eyes and looked up at an awkward Hannah.
The woman paled when she saw him. She stepped back and looked away nervously.
“I know what he wants to do. Sam wants to open the Cage.”
“I’m sorry for your loss” Cas said as sincerely as possible. And Sam knew he wasn’t lying. He and Sam too had lost too many to not be sympathetic, even though they both disliked the demon.
“Let me guess. Gabriel?”
“What happened to you, Hannah?”
The woman left in a hurry, but Hannah felt her still watching them.
“You, young man, go and tidy your room right now.”
“I’m serious” Cas insisted. The grip got tighter on his hand. “Every time you put your brother’s needs before everything and forget about your own. Your altruism is one of your most admirable traits.”
Jody stopped next to him but before she addressed Sam she turned to Annie.
“It’s a leviathan” he informed him.
“Cas” he started but didn’t have to finish. The angel knew what he was about to say.
“Crowley.”
Dean raised a brow.
Gadreel explained everything from the time travel to his banishment. Thomas leaned on the counter, listening to the angel’s every word without interrupting him. When Gadreel got to the end, the man nodded.
“How…”
“This late at night?” he asked suspiciously.
Sonny watched him for a while then turned away. He rubbed the tip of his nose, his mustache scratched under his finger.
“You totally were.” Then he turned more serious. “So we’re saving Ms. Tran. It won’t be easy.”
I sigh. The bunker’s library would be the ideal place to investigate. The warding can’t stop me so I can enter whenever I want. But do I want to go there? Do I want to meet them? Just thinking about it feels like I’m breaking apart.
“Hannah.”
Dean’s blood froze in panic. He saw Sam’s eyes glowing up blue as Gadreel took control. He saw Robin’s mouth falling open to a scream as she looked at the ghost. And he saw Cas just standing there like he wasn’t a human but an angel, ready to smite the monster who dared to hurt them.
“Samandriel!” she gripped zir arm. “Send me down to Earth.”
Then it happened.
Sam didn’t say anything as he walked there and sat down next to Dean. He was close to him, their arms touching. Sam wanted to make sure Dean knew he was there for him but still… It felt like they were thousands of miles away from each other. Again.
“No, Dean. We need others too.”
It was a bit cold outside, he had to admit. His shoulder started aching after the first five minutes – damn cold! – but he decided to ignore it for the moment. It felt good to be outside on his own. He liked Sam and Cas’ company, but sometimes he just needed a little alone time. And why not while doing something healthy?
Both man turned to the door. Meg stood there with Daphne by her side, who gaped as she stared at Dean with wide eyes. She probably recognized him.
“We need an oak stake stained in the blood of a virgin.” Charlie looked up at Dorothy. “Where do we get a virgin? A real virgin? Because I think our blood’s not gonna work.”
Once back at the car they took their bags and entered their room. They got a room with two beds. Dean immediately dropped his things on the one closest to the door.
Also: NaNoWriMo is great for this fic. I'm currently writing Chapter 26 :)
Crowley arches a brow.
“How do you…” she started but Dean cut in.
“Isn’t that a storybook you’re holding?” Bobby asked with a raised brow. “Or an issue of the Smurfs?”
The spell was strong. Dean showed up almost instantly. He was leaning forward with arms tightly around his chest and gasped for air.
Sam swallowed hard. It was painful to see her here again and knowing it was not her. This was a new Hannah. Or should he say the old Hannah, the one she used to be before they had met. He knew nothing about this Hannah. He should have asked when he still had the opportunity. Ask her to tell stories about herself, what had happened to her after the Fall, what had been her life in Heaven before that. He didn’t know if this Hannah would answer any of his questions.
Dean looked at Sam’s hand which he just raised. He pointed the Colt at the other Dean. Dean’s throat dried at the sight of the gun.
Dean walked down the stairs. The December air was colder after nightfall and he missed his hat. His ears froze the moment he stepped out the hospital.
Castiel watched the package with narrowed eyes.
For a long moment that lasted for a thousand years everything was empty. He didn’t see or hear anything and his mind was a blank canvas, longing for the painter’s brush to bring some color into its world. But when that moment finally passed he started sensing again. A familiar voice called him from the distance. He reached out for it, pulled himself closer with great effort until finally his vision was back again.
“Son of a… Timmy!” he said, louder this time to be heard in the roaring wind. “I know you’re scared! I’m sorry I scared you! I don’t want to hurt you! I want to help!”
Dean licked his lower lip quickly then showed him a grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course.”
He knew there would be things he couldn’t change, but he still hoped. He hoped that the good would stay and the bad would be changed. Not that there had been that much good during that one year to begin with.
“Wouldn’t hurt if we take one.”
The mask broke. Dean was startled like a deer caught in the headlights. He shook his head slowly and looked away. It took a few moments before he spoke.
“Yeah, I can imagine. What do you want?”
“Cas!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, I…” Dean looked around again. He now noticed the Impala parking a few feet away from his stolen Ford, headlights giving some light to see, and Sam was looking at him through the rolled down window with a concerned frown. He just realized that Cas was sitting next to him. “I just felt uncertain. I stopped for a while.”
Sam sighed and brushed his hair behind his ear.
“Oh, dear” she said, sadness taking over her features. “Your heart is bleeding with grief. Your pain is so great you can barely stand.” The woman pulled Castiel down into a hug. “And don’t you ever think about it. Dean would want you to go on.”
“Okay then, I guess” he answered. “I don’t want to live or die knowing I didn’t help. My family can die in this too. I have to protect them.”
Kevin started snickering at him – probably because of the handmaiden part, – and Cas tilted his head in confusion.
“Wake up” he said.
Castiel’s heart skipped a beat then started hammering his ribcage with double the force, meanwhile his brain froze with pain.
I'm getting used to these Monday-Thursday updates. I'm writing Chapter 13 right now and I just passed 50000 words. So I accidentaly won NaNoWriMo not in November.
Hannah gaped for a long moment and Sam could see a light blush forming on her face.
“Brother, if you don’t mind, would you tell me about the time you came from? I only know it from Sam’s perspective and I’m curious to know your story.”
“No, we didn’t talk about it.” She shook her head. “But if the both of us think you should be more confident in yourself, doesn’t it mean it’s true?”
“Shotgun!” Dean declared and was inside the car in a blink. Sam laughed at how childish his big brother could be and Cas sat on the backseat without any protests and a small smile.
“How did you find us without me and Castiel noticing it?” Hannah asked, turning everyone’s attention back to what was important at the moment.
“So, Sariel.” He stood up, took a pad of post-its from a shelf, and sat back with a black marker in his hand. He started writing. “Alice’s nurse, the one who claimed to be her young sister, is a former archangel named Sariel. What do we know about her?”
“But why?” he asked. “What’s going on?”
“I have an idea!” Becky yelled all of a sudden, holding up one finger.
“Okay” Dean said with a low voice. “Colorado then.”
“CAS!”
Wait a minute.
Maybe it was his soul.
“I thought you never wanted a kid.”
“It depends. What’s going on between you four?”
“I hope.”
Sam thought about it for just a second. He was too curious to come up with any counter-arguments. And he really wanted to know what had led Dean to that fateful decision.
“Look, lady. I don’t want any of your help, got it?”
Sam glanced up. Sonny smiled at him sadly then sighed and shook his head.
But why does he still care about me? Why does he still want to cure me? Our last meeting didn’t convince him that I’m beyond saving? That I’m already a lost cause? Why does he still hope that there can be anything that can cure me?
Castiel sighed and rubbed his forehead.
“Thought we got rid of you” she said, the pain she felt clearly detectable in her voice.
Ed sat down on the closest bench.
“So, Dorothy” Sam started. “This is Cas and Kevin. Guys she’s Dorothy. Charlie, that’s our prophet Kevin and you know about Cas, I guess.”
There was little chance for that. Nobody knew where he went. The angels would not bother him and he doubted Sam cared at all. After what he had suggested he was lucky to get away with only a broken nose.
“I was begging” he admitted. “He wanted to hunt me down because I was a demon.”
All three rings were in one box hidden deep in the Men of Letters bunker. Sam and Dean had agreed to hide it there in arms length to keep an eye on them. They didn’t want anyone to try opening the Cage again.
“Why?”
“You’re not okay” he said.
Dorothy felt a knot in her stomach. She would never know. The thought was sickening. They had parted in such an ugly way. They fought then she stormed away and she never saw him again in his life. Her father died thinking she hated him.
“What? But…” He blinked for a few times, not knowing what to say. “I thought…”
Death soon lets out a long breath and everything around us turns back to normal.
I think about it for a moment, recalling with ease everything that happened to me here, all the physical and emotional tortures that I had to go through, everything that I will gain with this, but it really just takes a moment to finally decide that…
Castiel sighed and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean huffed and continued eating his oatmeal. Castiel smiled at that and joined them after he made his own breakfast. Peanut butter and grape jelly, his favorite. One of the things he missed the most from his human life.
I stop my arm.
Charlie’s jaw dropped.
Dean sighed. He pulled a keychain out of his pocket and walked closer. Crowley watched his every movement like a hawk and Dean wanted to become smaller and hide under the table. He couldn’t stand Crowley’s stare. It reminded him too much to his time as a demon, when he had stood in his office, waiting for his next job.
“So when I see or read about two characters who stare at each other with so much longing it physically hurts, I start to pay attention. Like with Destiel.”
The day went on in silence. Dean checked on Kevin a few times but when the prophet very pointedly asked him to leave him alone the hunter didn’t approach the library again. He instead lay on his bed, happy that his memory foam was still remembering him – which was not a surprise really since to the mattress he just left for a few days – but no matter how many songs he had listened to he was restless.
“Cas…?” he asked, uncertain, confused, then made a painful grimace as his voice trailed off.
Dean stripped his cloths and stood under the hot steam of water. Apart from his room, the shower was the only place where he could truly be alone. Nobody disturbed him here so he could think and do what he wanted. And also it was a good escape from those creepy things. He didn’t see or hear things here. He was safe.
, Dean had said on that day and now the words got a meaning.
Sam jumped. He didn’t notice when Jody walked next to him. He also didn’t notice it was already dark outside and the lights in the room were turned on. She had a steaming cup in each hands, one was put next to Sam’s laptop. The woman leaned on the table on her free hand to get a closer look on the screen.
Sam took the gun from Cas and positioned him on the passenger seat comfortably. He also took an old blanket from the backseat and covered the angel with it. He stepped on the gas and hoped that there won’t be any more delays. Cas wouldn’t survive a stunt like that again.
“Then let’s make a plan when everything’s back in order.”
“You’re swaying, Dean.”
Sam didn’t want to think about it. He didn’t want to acknowledge it. Cas would survive, travel back with him and Hannah, and stop this thing. They would find a solution to his burning Grace. They would live.
“You are correct once again.”
“We need to stop Sariel” Castiel said. “Let’s assume ze can find somebody with the same ability as Alice who can enter the Cage, so we must prevent zir from gathering pain.”
Malachi and the other angels left the room. Theo stayed behind, glancing at the former angel with narrowed eyes then followed the others. The door closed loudly after him.
Castiel’s breath hitched and he turned away, eyes settling on the little boy who finally got his hands on the controller. He knew what Sam meant. He knew what he was asking with his question.
Sam had to stop to regulate his breath. He hadn’t meant it that way, really. What he had wanted Dean to understand was that he would never do anything to Dean that Dean wouldn’t agree with. Sam hadn’t agreed to the whole angelic possession. He had been so angry at Dean because it had lead to Kevin’s death. Then came the bridge and the Mark of Cain… Then that conversation and everything had gone downhill.
"I'll be back, I just want to get you food and new bandages for your head, I'll be right back after that and I can lay right back down if you want me to. I'm going to ask what you want, if you still dont feel up to talking knock on the wall one for yes and twice for no." Cas told him, heading to the kitchen, they used what Cas had told him and ended up with microwave rice with some tuna mixed in and a juice pouch, Cas didn't know why they would put juice in a pouch, but Charlie said Dean would like them, Charlie did pick out all the food Cas had gotten for Dean after all
"Dean, you're safe, I could never hurt you, please just breathe." a hand holding his hands to his chest, "you're going to be safe, just take a few breaths for me, I'll keep you safe." a few minutes pass and Dean seems to calm down, Cas is straddling his legs and holding his hands to his chest by his wrists, Dean keeps his eye closed and just lays there finally being able to enjoy the weight of someone on him.
So once things started to settle down more and Sammy found people he was happy with, John came back into his dreams, he couldn't disagree this time.
Dean woke up to the smell of Cas, who smelled like dirt, which Dean wasn't too fond of after having a few too many mouthfuls of before, the woods after a storm, which smelled good, and a warmth that was hard to describe. Dean started a gentle hum, Cas noticing it wasn't his usual style of music, but it was nice.
Cas knew he couldn't make all Dean's depression and PTSD go away, but he was content in just getting through day after day with him.
"I'll tell him." Dean said, almost in a whisper, Cas just wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and held him closer.
"He is your brother, he deserves to know the truth, he deserves to know you and not just who you pretend to be around others, you have to stop defending a monster and letting yourself be seen as one because you're trying to preserve something that was never real." Cas was angry, furious even, "can't you see what doing this has done to you? How does any of this protect Sam if the cost is taking away his brother."
Mark Dean down as scared and horny because as possessive and hot as that was, it scared him. Cas scared him. Letting himself be under someone else's control scared him. He craved to be taken care of by the man in front of him and he was scared of what that meant, what that would mean if Cas ever got tired of him. He had wrecked and put that car back together, including all her imperfections, and imagining that he could be that to someone else, to an angel, made him feel like the most loved but insignifigant thing in the world.
Without any nightmares Dean was able to wake up unnoticed, but it was very much noticed when the half of the conversation he heard sent him spiralling down a train of thought called "they know how irrepairable i am now and are going to figure out why i wont die so they can put me down like John had tried to do,"
Dean didn't say anything, he knew idealizing John in Sam's eyes was crushing him, if Sam had done half the shit he had to he would have shot John so long ago just to keep him safe, he was a hypopcrite and he knew it, but that was his kid, Sam was his kid and he just wanted to keep him away from everything that could hurt him, even if he hurt himself in the process, but Sam wouldn't even know him if he died and didn't get to tell him, he just wished that Sam could know him wihtout all the disgusting shit he's had to do.
"Where are we?" Dean forced himself to speak.
"I'm going to wash the blood off," Cas took one of Dean's hands in his own, grabbing a sponge and wetting it before gently dragging it down the arm, washing the blood away, eyes watched him as Cas narrated before doing something, telling him it would feel warm on his skin, telling him before he brushed over anywhere it would hurt him, right hand's fingers entwined with his right hand, left hand holding the sponge, eventually doing the same with Dean's other arm.
He crawled back into bed, Cas getting back on top of him once he was comfortable.
"Thrown at me so powerfully, just like she throws with the arm of her brother,
"I was the one who told them when your birthday was, Sam had only known it was sometime in January, I was under the impression you didn't know either." Cas told him, Dean wiped his eyes.
Dean had tried to argue.
While Sam was off at college and after John had shot him and abandoned him, he had no distractions to keep himself in check, Sammy probably hated him, and he knew for a fact John did, time healed his shoulder, but he could remember a time when he was taking a blade to his arm on some abandoned road while sitting in Baby, he could remember the multiple times he'd done similar before but never went too deep because he couldn't leave Sammy with that man, he could remember so many times after that, even when his little brother came back to him, putting a gun to his head, but he was terrified of actually doing it, then he was terrified of going back to hell, would he make the same deal over again and start torturing?
a demon,
Often did Dean recite a list of the frequent names John called him
"You're probably too tired to speak, rest, I'm going to take you somewhere for a while." Cas told him, he closed his eyes and felt Cas touch his forehead, making him finally drift off into a sleep without nightmares.
He looked at his pants next, all the slices that the fuzzy pajama pants hide, he wore longer underwear ever since he was younger because it was less likely to get infected if it had something at least covering it in between his ripped skin and his usual jeans.
a whiny bitch,
"you don't have to feel embarrassed, perhaps I could have worded it less sexually." Cas told him.
Cas had run in the room when he heard something break and felt the distress in the air, Dean on the floor looking at his hands as if the very sight of them was painful, he put his hands on Dean's shoulders and Dean took a moment before meeting his eyes, fear was the emotion that clouded his face, Cas was trying to assure him that he was safe, but the message never seemed to reach his ears, the terror in Dean's eyes didn't falter when he backed himself into the wall, turning away like he was trying to avoid a punch, Cas got the message and backed off.
"Are you attempting to serenading me?" Cas asked him.
It started for Dean when he was four years old, the nursery fire that killed his mom, he had walked out and seen his mother burning there on the ceiling before having his baby brother shoved into his arms and John screaming at him to get outside.
Cas started the water and put the plug in the drain, feeling it to make sure it was an alright temperature for his human, he hoisted his body up, holding him under his knees and back, snapping to get the last of his clothes off before setting him gently in the still filing up bathtub, Cas ditched the tie and everything over his shirt, rolling the sleeves up while the water rose, shutting the water off to not let it get too high.
"I knew it was later January, was never allowed to celebrate it since I was four, so I just... Forgot. It wasn't important to anyone so I forgot." Dean let out, voice wavering.
It was near noon, but Cas decided to start baking a pie, mostly because it would help make up for the fact that Dean hadn't eaten yet and is asleep, so he can't eat lunch, deciding on what type of pie was the only question that remained, Dean didn't have any obvious favorite, so he would have to decide himself.
he opened it to find an ipod, he remembered Sammy douching baby out with one like it, there were also a pair of earbuds stuffed in with it, he figured Sam had already put Dean's type of music on it, knowing that was something his little brother would do, he raised Sam from an infant, he once knew everything about that kid, the gift made him happy but also gave him an upsetting dose of nostalgia.
It felt like sleep paralysis, but there was no John Winchester yelling at him this time, Castiel sat up and the hand left his, the silent disapproving face of John showing up in the corner of the room.
Then there was everyone dead because of him, Ellen and Jo, Bobby, so many hunters, so many people he could have saved, hell even John was dead because of him, his own father, and if John was right about Dean was going to be the reason he died, he had to be right about everything else too.
"Would you like me to stay here on top of you for a while?" Cas was met with a nod in the crook of his neck, "I'll stay for a while, but you have to let me change your bandages in return."
Cas stayed there for long over an hour, but decided he needed to get Dean some food and some actual water or juice instead of alcohol, and change the bandages on his face. Dean made an undescribable noise when Cas sat back up, it was similar to how a child might whine if you took away their favorite stuffed animal.
Sam shook his head. Antagonizing the angels wouldn’t solve anything. After so many years of disagreements and fights they finally worked together with them for a shared goal. With a good leadership they were good guys. Cas had guided them well and Hannah was great too.
Sam swallowed.
He had to make drastic actions, he knew that, which would probably anger the ghost but he had to make sure Robin was out of harm’s way.
I turn a few pages and I come across an other chapter.
“It’s okay.”
His hands were covered with something deep red and warm. He was wearing red gloves, right? What else could be on his hands that was so warm? It was almost December. The weather outside was cold, it would start snowing anytime. It was natural to put on gloves, right? Because if his skin was exposed to the cold for long, it would get dry and tear open to little annoying wounds, and it would sting every time he washed his hands, and would have to cover them with that moisturizing cream that smelled so bad it would exorcize even Lucifer out of any body.
“Garth just fainted because he thought I was a ghost” he explained. “So I guess he’s not our Garth anymore.” He sighed and looked at the two angels. “We have to go. Now. Before you two turn into your alter egos. You ready to go?” he addressed his question to Castiel.
The angel nodded and touched the hood of the car. Castiel heard parts of the engine moving, then Muriel nodded.
He lowered his gun.
Hannah frowned at him.
The one thing he didn’t want to happen happened
Before everything turned to black he heard someone shouting his name.
Castiel didn’t have to wait for long. He was tucking in Dean that night when he pulled his arm from under the covers and grabbed Castiel’s hand when he was about to stand up.
because if the other noticed,
Up until now everything was planned out. I had some notes to every chapter and a clear vision of what would happen. But from now on for a little while I have nothing. Even in my outline it was written as "X goes here", "Y goes there", "something happens here", "something happens there". So now I let the story write itself for a while until the good stuff happens. And by good I mean not good.
“Please, look and see.” He leaned forward. “I have nothing to hide.”
Sam recalled what the angel had said:
“Cas!” Dean gently slapped the angel’s face a few times in an attempt to wake him up. It was useless. Cas didn’t open his eyes. “Cas!”
meant. They had been always on the move, never stayed anywhere for longer than two months. It had been difficult to get used to Stanford.
Sam didn’t answer. He pulled out his phone from his pocket and speed dialed Dean. He didn’t have to wait for him to pick it up.
“The hell are you…” but he couldn’t finish because after Dean said that, his words came unstoppable.
“The choice is yours.” He looked deep into Sam’s eyes and disappeared.
“Nobody stops you if you wanna leave, Paul.”
He took off a few hours later.
Sam sighed and stopped a few meters from the door. He had a good look at the receptionist’s desk and behind that stood the demon with the thick glasses. He was typing something, not paying attention to the intruders.
away from him. He opened
Sam buried the fingers of his healthy hand into his hair.
“I love you.”
As suddenly as it started it ended. The familiarity of his Grace spread through his body. It gave him safety and strength. Now he would be able to protect everyone who was important to him.
“No” said Cas immediately.
Hannah shook her head and left the two of them without a word. If Muriel was that blind to see the dangers that Castiel would drag them into, fine. She had tried to talk her out of it, her consciousness is clear. But she was not like her. She couldn’t trust Castiel. She couldn’t trust a human.
“But now I did” the amnesiac angel had said with frustration. “I was sitting in my armchair and my eyes closed and… There was this man…”
Castiel blinked a few times. He tilted his head as Dean rushed to his side.
Many and more questions like these followed each other in her head ever since she left that corridor. She almost ran against Benjamin and accidentally left Heaven through the gate next to the Men of Letters bunker. She realized her mistake too late when she couldn’t turn back anymore – because what would her siblings think? – and hurried to the woods.
Lee, like he could read his mind, patted Sam on the back.
“I don’t know what happened before that moment, but now it won’t be the same. I’m also unsure how we’ll solve it this time around.”
“No, Cas, I know you want to help, okay? I do, but helping angels is what got you in trouble in the first place. Now, I'm begging you for once, look out for yourself. Until we figure out what the hell is going on, trust nobody.”
Hannah nodded curtly.
“Cas, back in the church he said he would never put anything before me. He gave up a better life for me.”
“Dad” Bess said, stepping next to him. “He’s Dean, Garth’s friend.”
Alice Liddell? As ‘Alice in Wonderland’ Alice Liddell?
Then he felt Gadreel rushing back to his mind.
Dean let a small smile appear on his face. Creepy son of a bitch. He had told him many times not to watch him when he was sleeping. But the sight of his friend and the thought that he had been there for who knows how long lulled him. He sighed and watched the former angel until his eyes closed again.
After a quick planning they said their goodbyes to Garth and made them promise they would stay inside until they called them. The younger man gave his new number to Dean and after agreeing that Dean would call them as soon as they find out something, they were on their way to the meeting place. Castiel was driving while Dean took a short rest on the backseat. He didn’t have to try convincing him for long, Dean gave in almost immediately. He needed to sleep.
Bobby turns around so now I look at him, waiting for an answer.
Dean looked at him like he just told him the greatest secret of the universe. And maybe he really did. A secret that wasn’t really a secret to anyone at all, just to Dean Winchester. Bobby was sure if he could Dean would have had tears in his eyes, but now he just hugged Bobby tightly which the older man eagerly returned.
But what won the prize was the one he experienced a week after the roof breakdown.
For a moment both of them were silent then Ed heard the other sighing.
-“Well, if it isn’t your lucky day. I’m just about to drive there. I can take you too.”
Dean giggled. He got up and laid down on his back on Castiel’s legs, resting his head on Charlie’s stomach, spreading out his arms.
Muriel blinked at him.
But once the dam had a crack in it, it wouldn’t take long for the water to break through. And Dean had felt that every word he’d said, every emotion he’d tried to hide his whole life, those had been the last push his own dam had needed to fall down.
“Cas! An angel! She’s here to kill me!”
Sam scratched the table, wood getting under his nails. He shouldn’t have been so excited to see her again. The Hannah he knew was lost forever, and this Hannah would never be her.
“Why did she have to wait?” Sam looked up from the diary and turned to Cas. “You possessed Claire once. And that Esther had or has a child vessel too.”
“Castiel.” The angel’s eyes lit up with fascination. Castiel knew the reason of that. Ephraim had told him that he had heard the pain he had been feeling. He could just wonder how loud his pain was now.
“I told you” he started. “You can trust Dean.”
“The circle of life” Castiel corrected him but neither of them seemed to hear him.
and tightened the hug. “I
Castiel’s vision cleared after a few blinks. He could see now that the woman, Beth, had sharp teeth and unhuman eyes. A werewolf. And the name… Wasn’t that the name of Garth’s significant other?
Cas must have guessed what he was thinking about because in the next moment his hand was already touching Dean’s face.
Sam rolled his eyes and buried his hand in his pockets. It was a cold and they were standing in snow that reached their ankles.
“Glad you’re back, kiddo.”
“What happened? You were away for days! Where’s Cas? Did you find him?”
“How much time we have left?” Sam asked. “A week maybe?”
’ the angel said. ‘
“You travelled back in time?! What year is it?!”
“They are the same.”
He’s alive.
“Where’s Susie, Malachi?” His voice was shaking by the emotions he felt.
. Hannah didn’t know what that word meant. She had heard the man using it many times, mainly referring to the Winchesters and Castiel. It sounded like ‘idiot’ but the way he used it didn’t indicate he considered them simpletons. The human way of thinking was a mystery to her too. They sometimes used insults in a non offensive way.
Gadreel was back on his feet too, towering over the prophet. Kevin swallowed but tried not to look too scared.
“You should rest, Cas” he said.
Ephraim chuckled at his reaction.
“Because I know” she said and looked around. “Your thoughts are everywhere.”
“You’ll figure it out.”
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“I want to ask you about the missing members.” Tammy’s eyes lit up with excitement and she was about to start ranting but Dorothy held up a hand to silence her. “Did they break their vow?”
It was the thirteenth day already and everything was still the same. Castiel felt restless. The second week would end soon, why wasn’t anything happening? Dean should be back to normal by now. Or had the witch lied to them? That the de-aging spell wasn’t temporary but permanent?
And he would do it.
“You said you were hurt during the fall.”
So, in the end he had no other choice. With Dorothy just outside the door with a gun in her hand, he taught a former angel how to use the freaking toilet. This was definitely the most bizarre and most embarrassing experience of his life. Not to mention that Theo cursed his whole family, spit on him, and almost… Nope. Not gonna think about that. Not gonna think about that.
But before I can finish a man hurries towards me who Sam stops just in time before he can enter the Devil’s Trap. A very familiar man with a very familiar hat and a very familiar voice.
Good choice. After five minutes I find the chapter that I was looking for.
Sam’s lips curled up and glanced at Castiel with bright eyes.
“As you wish. Hannah can act a little cold but she’s a good and caring angel. You’ll see.”
“Yes, Dean. If anything comes up, I’ll call you.” Then he added. “And you’ll call me too.”
“What if he doesn’t turn back?” Castiel voiced the fear all of them had but never said out loud. “What if he stays a child? What are we going to do?”
Sam snapped out of his surprise and ran to the two. He knelt next to them and looked down at Cas. The angel was shaking, his skin was covered with cold sweat and glowing Grace was leaking out through his eyes, running down his face like tears.
“I’m so sorry, Dean…” Sam turned back to them as Cas said. “I had no choice… I’m so sorry…”
“Are you that stupid?” he asked between two snorts. “After everything you still ask for help from him?”
“Yeah” Dean said and tried to put the papers into his pocket. “A nice long sleep and everything will be fine.”
From the corner of his eye he saw Hannah frowning at his optimism but she didn’t say anything. Sam glanced at her then back at Cas.
My hand trembles as I reach out. Damn it… If I wasn’t a coward… If it wasn’t always the wrong place and the wrong time… There could have been
“I have to talk to Castiel for a moment.” Then she added, looking at the angel, ignoring Sam’s heavy sigh. “In private.”
’ but he was everything but a king. He didn’t hunger for power unlike other humans. She sensed his soul longed for a normal and simple life but the circumstances never let him go.
“Cas?” My voice breaks. “Cas!”
grew up as a hunter after all.
“I’m a hunter” he announced proudly, not caring that the man looked at him then at the boys questioningly. All his problems and negative thoughts were carried away by this simple but significant statement.
Ed looked down at his left forearm where a long scar was hidden under his coat. A reminder that his carelessness almost coasted a life.
“Yeah.” Sam turned away from him and watched Dean who must have told a joke because Timmy was chucled and Cas smiled. “We’re through a lot. But we made it.”
The woman smiled at him warmly.
was not welcoming anymore.
“Doesn’t mean anything” Cas finished the sentence. “We had always thought Purgatory was a legend then I consumed all the souls and later I spent a year there.”
Dean got a text message from Sam. He opened it.
“Now that you seem to be over your little crisis, we can talk about business” Crowley says behind me. I see him in the mirror leaning back in his chair, looking at me with that smile I always wanted to punch off his face. “I want you to scare Abaddon’s followers. Kill a few, show the rest what their disobedience will lead to.”
“And you know that I love you too, right?”
“It’s a storage for unsolved cases” Dorothy explained. “The Men of Letters kept every document, categorized it according to the nature of the case. This one is for missing people.”
“She left?”
Oh, hey there everyone! Long time no see. I have no excuses, I was lazy to write. But now it's CampNaNo time and I'm back into writing because, guess what? New sub-plot. So expect it to turn really mad really soon.
Without really thinking about it, Sam stepped closer to Hannah and hugged her. She wasn’t short, higher than an average woman, so her nose could brush his shoulder when he pulled her closer. For a long, agonizing moment Sam thought he had done something wrong, and he shouldn’t have done this and maybe he should step away and apologize but then he felt Hannah placing her hands on his back. He couldn’t help but smile into her hair.
Hannah’s eyes met his like she came to the same conclusion. For them, who they were right now, there was no future. Everything that was about to happen and change would never come.
“It depends how powerful they had been as an angel” she answered.
“Summon Crowley and take him with you.”
“What is it?” he asked with honest curiosity. “Your soul is turning out of itself.”
To rest his body and mind a little, his eyes moved to his right.
“Yeah. I’m fine.”
“Why do you care?” he asked. “We were never friends. And now you call me and tell me not to do something if I want to keep my friend. Why?”
Silence fell on the room again which was only broken by their fingers clapping the keyboards. Sam’s uneasiness grew with every passing minute. Should he tell her? Wasn’t it better for her to not know anything about the little girl she could have had? And how should he break the news? ‘Hey Jody, you know what? You had a kid with Bobby. It sucks that he’s already dead.’
“That’s not that simple” he said.
“Uh, yeah… I-ah… I couldn’t call him. He’s not picking up his phone. So I thought I’ll check if he’s okay.”
“Yeah, yeah, of course.” Dean waved and turned back to his car. “Take care.”
Metatron’s delightful expression was quickly overshadowed by rage. He hit the bars with his palm, startling Hannah, then locked them in a tight grip. The metallic sound echoed in the corridor.
The color drained out from Dean’s face. Castiel feared that he might faint again and was about to search for the grape sugar but Dean started talking again.
“Why not?” Dean spread his arms. His leather jacket parted from his body, revealing the First Blade tucked into his belt. “I know what happens. I go back a few months, stop Abaddon and turn the events however I want.”
He stopped at the door of the barn that was still broken, a reminder of how he had entered through it. Memories of a better time flowed into his mind and though it hurt like a bitch – as Dean would say – he didn’t stop them. He drew those images closer to him, using them as a pillar of strength he could lean on.
Sam smiled but frowned too.
As he stepped closer to the wall he saw a single photo on the bedside table. The angel took it into his hands.
He felt Sam’s throat breaking into pieces. The man’s eyes widened and he opened his mouth in a final attempt to get some air into his lunges but life quickly faded from his gaze that was still fixed on Dean.
Dean stared at the spot Bobby was pointing at. He had an odd look on his face as he sunk deep into his thoughts.
is something I need more of.”
He had never been on the roof before. He knew Cas had been there a few times prior to their time travel. He had never known when Cas was there so he had never wanted to disturb the angel’s alone times.
“Aren’t girls the ones who play like this?” Kevin asked with genuine curiosity after Dean was already in bed. “Tea parties and dressing toys and all? I’m not against it or anything, it’s just strange. Never thought Dean would play like this.”
“Yes? Then don’t come to me crying when feathers tries to kill you.” He chuckled when he saw Dean’s face darkening. “Oh, sorry. Did I hit a nerve,
But everything will be better, I tell myself. The ripple will be here soon and this horrible timeline will be erased. Everything will be better.
Missouri raised a brow at this, looking at the man with disapproval. Then to his surprise Becky spoke up.
Dean turned his attention back on the road.
He couldn’t see souls and true forms anymore but he still remembered the twisted shadow of a soul he had seen in the bunker that used to be so bright. Brighter and more radiant than anything.
“The ripple erases the time that’s not valid anymore. What if the last place it will affect is where Father Time is since he’s a time deity? It’s a bit farfetched, I know, but what can we do? We’re running out of time so we have to try anything we can.”
Jody showed him a soft smile.
“Hey there, D-Dawg!” came the familiar voice from the other side. It was Sonny.
“Why?” I don’t understand anything. Death helped us capture Lucifer when he gave me his ring. And now he gave it to Sam for the opposite.
“I’m proud of you, you know that, right?” Sam asked with a low voice.
“Yes” he whispered and turned around. “It’s peaceful here. I like it.”
Cas shook his head.
Her fingers moved without her letting them. An instinct, maybe something deeply hidden in her vessel’s mind, woke up at her thoughts. The fingers curled in slowly, nails gently scratching the shirt and the skin under it. Her fingers touched then she spread them again. Under her touch Sam shuddered then relaxed and sighed, clearly enjoying what Hannah was doing. But… What was she doing?
save your life, I
Got home late last night and since I had to rewrite a very important part of the story (more about this after the chapter) I decided to rewrite it today.
It had been five days since Dean was turned into a child. The end of the first week was quickly approaching and all four of them hoped that the witch was right. That the spell would wear off and Dean would turn back to normal. But until then…
Cas glanced at Kevin then down the floor.
But now he would make everything better. He
Castiel had smiled a little but it had taken too much energy to keep it on his face.
Kevin looked up with wide eyes. His vision was blurred by the pain he felt around his right side but he still saw Sam looking down at him in a very un-Sam-ish way.
I wanted to hurt Sam! I wanted to hurt my own brother! What the hell, what the hell…
Sam nodded, but just before Hannah could touch his forehead he grabbed her wrist gently.
“And what about him?” Jody motioned to the Impala. “Will he be okay?”
“Sadly, but I must agree with you” she said. Dean snorted. “They changed their minds too fast.”
“Sam. I know how ships work. I’m a shipper since I can remember, be it canon or crack.”
With that Castiel stood up and put on the mask of the emotionless angel. He had to go back to Heaven. There were still books and scrolls in the archives he hadn’t read. What if the answer was hidden in one of them? He wouldn’t find out if he just sat here ‘
everything. And Cas agreed with him too.
Tessa showed him a sad smile like she knew what he was thinking about.
The angel closed his eyes.
The water was red beneath him.
“Kevin Tran.”
want to stay with you.
“Will this be a good place, Castiel?”
Hannah stepped forward and placed a hand on the female’s shoulder.
“Maybe the Mark on your arm made you a demon, but you’re not a demon, Dean.” She’s just a step away from me now, entering my personal space. I take a step back, because how dare she do that, but she follows me.
“It’s nice you came here so fast, Castiel” a voice said. “We were eager to meet you.”
“Shut up.”
“Maybe because of how strange the victims are?” Ed guessed.
For a moment he didn’t say anything then Dean sighed.
“Castiel?”
“What are you doing to me?” she asked after a short while. Her patience was less than usual. She wanted answers immediately.
Dean frowned at him angrily.
Dean opened his eyes. At first he was disoriented, but when his eyes met Castiel’s, he calmed a little.
“Yes, he came to the bar a few times. Why?”
Kevin turned a few pages again.
Hannah stopped a few steps away from him, looking up at him as she patiently waited for his answer. But Sam would give her one that would definitely disappoint her.
Dean looked at him with a frown.
My eyes widen. What? What is going on here? Why is Death giving his ring to Sam?
He quickly shushed his mother and continued reading.
Unfinished business? It was Sam’s turn to frown. What kind of unfinished business was Cas talking about?
Sam locked the door behind him and once he was in bed, he watched the ceiling for a very long time, if not all night.
“It’s no use!” he laughed
“What was that?” she asked.
Light erupted from her eyes and through her parted lips.
Castiel only realized it had been Dean when he was already running back to Sam to continue their game.
“I’m sorry” he blurted out. “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
’ was echoing in his head ever since they came back but he still didn’t find the courage to do so. He knew he was a failure, not being able to follow this single advice.
Dean pushed away those thoughts because he was already out of breath and reminiscing was not helping at all. He crossed the street, almost got himself hit by a car but after fifteen minutes without stopping he finally saw the school. As he got closer he noticed the school bus that had been painted pink after that angel guy had murdered that poor girl.
Charlie reached out and put a hand on hers.
I'm not gonna lie. I didn't want to write during the summer. It was hot as hell for so long and all my energy was used up to stay alive. Then came September and the new kids in the daycare. But, after almost exactly three months later, I'm back. I have no idea for how long before I disappear again, but I'll try and keep the one chapter a week. Also I'm glad I didn't publish this chapter earlier, because I added something to it I hadn't thought about before. So enjoy! (My thoughts about the new season will be after the chapter.)
“I had no choice!” he blurted out in defense and rubbed his right arm. “Only a Knight of Hell can kill a Knight of Hell. What was I supposed to do?!”
Theo hit Castiel in the ribs and he groaned out in pain. But the sounds woke Susie. The girl looked up at him, eyes shining with tears of pain and fear.
Bobby removed his hat and scratched his forehead. He had been in desperate times. Hell, he was in one right now with at least thirty other people who didn’t show up here yet. But none of them had ever thought about running to their deaths. They knew they were the only hope this muddy globe had left, they couldn’t afford any suicide missions. But these boys… Sam and Dean had been taught badly by an incompetent father and they had unintentionally taught that to Castiel. Damn it, John…
"Head to the bunker, I'll meet you there in a bit, and I'll see if I can get ahold of Dean." Sam told him, hanging up.
"What happened this morning?" Cas tried to ask him, Dean was at a loss for words, knowing exactly what happened and why it happened but unable to convey what or why.
"I would like to propose a deal, once you are healed more and after you talk to Sam, we can discuss the sexual tension that seems to come between us, until then you will let me take care of you as I have been, and you can be more comfortable being more intimate around me, are those terms acceptable?" Cas asked, Dean nodded, thoughts quieting because all he wanted was to trust and let go of how uptight and scared he was all the time, and thats what was being offered to him, and he didn't have to think all the time when it was someone he trusted giving him orders, he actually found that he liked it quite a bit, sexually or not, it was... comforting.
Dean took the plate, thanking Cas and eating the eggs, Sam always messed up eggs but he was just procrastinating getting to the fake meat, Sam was a vegetarian, which was fine by Dean, but he couldn't stand the way fake meat felt when he tried to eat it.
With the snap of his fingers the glass was put back together and Cas threw a towel over it just to cover it up, eventually Dean started to calm down, Cas got up from his seat against the other side of the wall where Dean sat and went to him, his eyes were closed, and he was trying to catch the last bit of breath he'd lost, his forehead covered in sweat, making him wince occasionally when some got into the scratches on the side of his face, his hands still shook, fingers turned a shade of purple, hands bearing raw and bloody bite marks.
"I thought you would have known, you told me while you were drunk once that John called you 're*arded' frequently, and Charlie said it was a derogatory term that was used in the previous century to describe autism before they called it that." Cas told him, finishing up wrapping his face back up. "Would you like me to lay on top of you again after you get confortable?" That answer Dean is sure of and he nods his head.
"Why defend him to Sam? After everything, you still defend him to your brother, to anyone, he's a horrible man, so why do you come to his defense when he doesn't need it?" Cas pushed.
He laid under an opening through a canopy of trees, only the moon and stars to be a final judgement.
Dean had thought, his train of thought faultering at some points.
"I don't know, are you enjoying it?" Dean thinks for a moment as if deciding on another song,
Dean woke up with a jump, Cas was sitting on the edge of the bed with his hand on Dean's chest, Cas letting him know he was safe.
"You can go shower, I'll be here when you're ready, and I'll wrap your head again,  just don't touch it, and skip washing your hair, so you don't get shampoo in it," Cas instructed him, "and if you need help you will tell me." That was an order, Dean did a mock salute and walked into the bathroom.
And so Cas got to the bunker first, he heard a phone ringing faintly, he followed the noise to Dean's room, the door seemed locked, it took two kicks, but he made it in, a trail of blood dragging on the wall came from the broken mirror, bloody hand smears and splatters on the walls, no Dean in sight.
The two stayed up for a while longer, Dean looking through the box, a note shoved at the bottom that said "STIM TOYS" and said hosw some of them worked, the rectangle with squares folded into a cube and folded back out, and two tangles one with textures and one regular one, and some biting ones that he had made the comment "I'm not a dog,' which he was reluctant to try at first but Cas had wanted him to give all of them a chance so he did, he actually liked the chewy ones, still feeling the need to say he wasn't a dog, there was also some stress balls, some of them had some sort of liquid or slime in them and some had beads, he liked the fidget cube, the chewlery, and the puzzle ball where you have to put the right color in the right hole ones the best, he knew Charlie was the one who picked out the chewy things because of one night she'd caugh him biting his hand when he was worried about sam who was on a hunt without him for one of the first times since they'd been at the bunker.
This was something Cas couldn't help, he could force him to sleep, but that wouldn't fix anything, he especially couldn't help without having to see that look on Dean's face, he knew that look, he could practically feel who Dean had thought he'd seen, he wanted to fly up to heaven and beat the man whose mere image made his human scared down through his very soul, he wanted to drag the soul of John Winchester down to hell where he belongs with his own two hands, but he couldn't leave Dean alone like that in a bathroom with shards of a broken mirror, he refused to leave him there.
With that the hunter walked away and respectfully shut his ears when he heard a sob behind him.
Dorothy shrugged.
“And where exactly do you want to go in Colorado” Dean asked looking back at the road.
“Cas?” Kevin asked, concerned. “You okay?”
“Who said this timeline will be erased?”
“Stop” she said with urgency.
I stepped away the door and returned her smile.
Look at that! What is this? A new chapter? No way!
Dean looked at the rear-view mirror. Frowning a little at the former angel’s low voice.
Dean stopped and looked at Sam. Castiel prepared himself for a new argument between the brothers which once again he couldn’t understand. Why they couldn’t just talk about their disagreements calmly was beyond him.
Dean looked at Charlie as soon as Sam was out.
And that was it. They didn’t have more friends. The other hunters hated them or didn’t want to have anything to do with the Winchesters. He couldn’t argue with them. They were like magnets. Wherever they went, shit happened.
Death eats an other chip and doesn’t say anything while he chews it. Maybe he’s giving himself some time to think out a cryptic answer or something. Aaand he probably knows what I’m thinking because he frowns at me. I swallow hard and wait for him to speak again.
Crowley is calm, dangerously calm when he stands up. He sinks the box into one of his pockets before he answers.
I shook my head.
They entered the house following Sonny. Castiel looked around curiously. He wondered how Dean had lived here, with what he had spent his days, if he had any friends. Had he been happy and smiled carelessly like on the photo with his mother?
Sam watched Kevin for a while before asking:
There was silence.
“Then imagine the ripple as Pac-Man and time as a pack dot.” Becky placed her wrists together, just like Missouri, but unlike the older woman she kept her fingers straight, like she wanted to clap. “Pac-Man closes his mouth and eats the dot.” Becky closed her hands slowly. “But not everything at once.” She parted her hands and clapped properly. Then again touched one wrist to the other. “The closer the change is, the quicker the ripple can erase that timeline. But one change causes many alterations as time goes by and erasing the timeline takes more time but the alterations are more significant.” Again she slowly started to close her hands, her palms coming into contact from the balls of her hands and up to her fingers. “The wider the gap is, the more time you have to change back everything. But if the ripple arrives to the present and it closes around you” Becky’s hands closed properly, “you have no more chance.”
“I won’t run around, I promise! Please! Please!” He showed Sam the ‘cutest puppy eyes ever’, as Charlie called it, and Sam couldn’t do anything but allow Dean to go with them.
But those words… Those things Sam had had to promise… Cas had made mistakes in the past. Mistakes that still haunted him and couldn’t forgive. Maybe they had already forgiven him but Cas couldn’t. Sam could relate to him. He had done things in the past too. Horrible things. And he had paid the price for all of them. He was still paying. He had lost so many people who were important to him, and that list now included his brother too.
” Cas continued but couldn’t finish because Dean quickly cut in.
The boy rubbed his eyes and yawned.
“Oh the smell of old fears.” He takes a chocolate bar in his hand, opens it and takes a deep breath. “Delicious.”
“Hannah, this is Becky. Becky, this is Hannah.”
He was up but he couldn’t
Thomas left his workplace. The owner of the bar was interested in his reasons, because why would a young man who lived alone suddenly leave his job. Thomas said he had far greater things to do than standing behind the counter.
“I know, I know. I won’t go. But I was there too. I can help planning at least.”
Now Bobby knew it had been a good decision to not answer that question. This Cas, the one who remembered, was clearly broken by the fact that Dean was elsewhere. Evidently it didn’t bother him that the hunter was a demon, he just missed him being there. What if he had answered that question and Emmanuel had started remembering again? What if he had started to ask about Dean’s whereabouts and Bobby had to tell him that the man had been dead for years? The peaceful oblivion was better than a mourning awareness in his opinion.
Lachesis smiled at him.
Hannah was panicking now. What if the Leviathans had already appeared in this timeline? What if one of them had invaded Hannah’s vessel without her noticing it? She had taken the enemy into the bunker! She was careless! She was a threat to Sam and the others’ life!
“Good” he said. “Good.” A pause. “So, where’s this map?”
Hannah had to fight with all her might to look away. She was not ready for this. How could she tell Sam that probably… that probably
Hannah frowned at the ‘sister’ part and Sam was about to explain what Bobby had meant but the angel already turned around and left. Sam watched her until she disappeared at the corner then looked back at Daphne.
Dean let out a breath. They may have been true for that Dean in the past, still so young and still so convinced he needed to keep the false image of a hunter, of a man, his father believed in.
The smack on the back of his head was unexpected and he thought at first that it was Bobby sneaking up behind him but when he looked up he saw Missouri looking down at him disapprovingly.
One their twenty-first day of researching they had finally found a spell in an old dusty wooden box accompanied by some feral ghost. Which had been taken care of by Eileen and what a damn sight that had been to witness. Dean had been sure Sam had been that close to propose to her right then and there. Once the spell had been in their hands gathering the ingredients had been tricky but they’d managed.
Dean nodded and turned to see the girl’s reaction to this information.
“Show yourself!” I call out into the darkness of the mill and put my hand behind me to take the Blade.
Dean started arguing with Gadreel until the angel finally said that there may be an other way.
“If that happens, we will raise him. He’ll go to school, have friends and hobbies, and whatever he wants with his life, we will support him. That’s the least we can do.”
to do something, Castiel. You know what Metatron’s plan is. We know how we can get back to Heaven. We’re wasting our time here.”
“Yeah, it’s over.” It surprises Sam a little but I continue before he starts hoping too much. “I had enough with this running around. You’re no fun. I’m not interested in humans and angels anyway. I only kill demons and monsters.”
Cas looked at the ceiling and sighed.
I put a glass in front of Gavin and take a seat again, downing mine with one breath. I let out a long sigh when I finish. Alcohol. The best medicine to everything. But still, it’s super ineffective.
In a minute Jody turned with her pickup and was on her way back to Sioux Falls. Sam tied the Impala and Charlie’s car with a tow-rope and in ten minutes they were on the road to Lebanon.
The Empty continued to stare at him, its hands still grabbing into its hair.
“Oh my! You’re too cute! Pretending to be weaker? Really?” She looks back at me, still laughing. “You
Sam chuckled. He started approaching the other too.
“I still need time to adjust” he lied and showed Dean a reassuring smile. “This happened the last time too, don’t worry. I can handle it.”
What if he…
One unfinished business done, a few more to go.
Castiel sighed.
“Sorry, Sammy” I say. “I already killed Gavin. Now could you please let me on my way before I burry you alive.”
Daphne smiled at him gently.
“Hannah, you did everything you could.”
And more.
“And I’m proud to be one of them.”
Nicole frowned, looking down at her arm.
Hannah stayed there for ten more minutes then stood up. She wiped the dirt off her jeans and started walking back to the bunker. She was an angel. A fearless warrior of Heaven. She could face anything. Human emotions shouldn’t make her a coward. She would stand tall and look it into the eyes. Even though just the thought made her Grace tremble.
“Cas said sh– ze was not a fan of direct things, but who knows what ze did behind everyone’s back.”
“I’m going” Sam said. “It’s an easy case now, there won’t be any problems.”
The door easily opened with one light push. Moonlight shone through the dirty little windows to the left and the whole place smelled like it hadn’t been used in decades.
War, Famine, Pestilence.
Cas doesn’t react in any way, he keeps his face emotionless. Which I don’t know if is good or bad. Maybe leans towards good because I don’t see the pain in his eyes anymore that flashed through them the moment I turned around.
“We’re not gonna go to the mountains in winter” Dean stated, gripping the steering wheel with his glove covered hands. “Ever.”
Castiel’s eyes didn’t leave the darkness. He swallowed hard, beads of sweat formed on the back of his neck. Of course it was a trap. He knew it from the beginning. But he couldn’t think about his own life now when Susie was in danger. Poor girl was in danger because he knew her. Trap or not, he had to risk his life for her safety.
Maybe his questions were written all over his face because Bobby sighed and shook his head.
Castiel got a little offended by this but he knew Sam was just teasing him in a friendly manner. It’d been a long time since any of them could do that.
“You think we need a shovel?”
Sam glanced up.
“But I don’t de…”
Lashesis woke him from his thoughts as the Fate tapped her rod to the floor.
“We have to go back where he didn’t steal the Grace yet” he continued. “But you have to give up the Mark. Can you do it? Can you do it for Cas?”
Many automobiles – yes, that was the name – had passed her after dawn. But none of those had stopped when she asked for help. After a few tries Hannah stopped and looked after the passing automobile with confusion. Why wouldn’t they stop? She recalled her words she had spoken a few times and couldn’t find anything wrong. She should have watched humanity more, she realized. She was utterly lost.
“That’s the spirit! If nothing changes, Dean will grow up to be the healthiest adult ever.”
Cas exhaled a shaky breath and turned his back to Sam. The hunter waited patiently until the angel collected himself and spoke again.
Untouched.
“No” Sam had cut in firmly. “I didn’t bring this up to make you feel even more miserable. I may have blamed you a long time ago, but I know it wasn’t you.” Sam had rubbed his eyes before he continued. “Grief can be an ugly beast, especially when someone really important to us was taken away. It can take so long until it finally eases. It never leaves, but there’s a time when you can live a happy life along with it. I think that time finally came for me.” He’d paused for a moment, eyes going unfocused for a moment before he looked back at Dean. “But I can’t go on with my life while you still grieve like this.”
When he had woken up, Sam had a rush of panic. Had he done something? Had he killed someone when he was out? Sam still had dreams about killing Kevin. And this incident made them more intense.
Sam and Hannah helped Cas sit inside the Impala. Sam was about to go to the other side when Hannah took his hand.
“What do you mean?” the angel asked with confusion, squinting questioningly at the man.
Slowly his inner clock adjusted to his old new schedule and the mornings weren’t that bad anymore.
“And from whom?” The older hunter shook his head. “When the angels don’t know about something it…”
by a hand and it burnt too
A sad smile appeared on Dean’s face.
“I like your brain.”
I hear Gavin chuckling.
Castiel wiped the wetness off his cheeks. Demons found satisfaction in chaos. Maybe that was what made Dean do what he had done. He wanted to see the chaos the ripple had caused. He wasn’t the Dean he knew. He wasn’t the man he had raised from the Pit. He was a Knight of Hell he had to stop before he caused any more trouble for them.
And no Hannah. She had said she would open a portal here, but Sam hadn’t seen anything reminding him to a portal.
After the angels had retaken Heaven they studied the portal. They found out that only a being as powerful as God could create the first one but others could be easily opened by any angel. That was how they gathered every one of their fallen siblings around the globe. They opened the portals and they returned home.
Damn it… Who the hell was that woman? What did she want? What did she do to him? And on top of that she was the third person who called him a ‘champion’. Why was everybody saying that?
The angel stopped and looked back at her. Daphne was timidly rubbing her hands together but now, finally, looked him in the eyes.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about.” He took a step back. “I know where this is going and I’m telling you now to not bother.”
“Hey, buddy.” I smile too. “You must hang in there, you hear me?”
Dean sat up straight and looked at him with pride.
Jody’s lips parted as she watched Sam under her raised brows with disbelief.
“If by ‘we’ you mean me and Cas, then first thing tomorrow. You stay.”
“Then you leave me no other choice.” And with that he raised his hand.
“Dean” Cas warned him. His angel blade was already in his hand, casting a silvery light on the former angel’s frowning face in the shadows.
Dean took the EMF meter from his pocket and turned it on. Nothing yet, just the usual normal sounds when there weren’t any ghosts nearby. Were they at the right place? Swan Mountain, west side. That must be it. Then where was the man?
He so wanted to be back in his old life. He wanted to be with his mother, he wanted to study together with Channing, he wanted to worry about nothing but his grades. He wanted to go back to school and study, he wanted to become somebody and not just a prophet who barely saw the sunlight in months. And maybe he would never see it because Metatron was apparently after him and the tablet.
Or maybe… He could try something else.
“Yeah, right, not gonna happen” Dean said huffily.
Dean shook his head.
As soon as we were behind the building she tossed me against the wall and now here I am, hitting the building for the tenth time already. I feel the metallic taste of blood in my mouth and I spit the red liquid to the side.
“He won’t…”
” Cas warned them. “
” Cas paused. “
“So?” Dean asked as he turned to the teen. “What are your plans for today?”
Benjamin watched her with wide eyes, like a scared doe. But he soon blinked it away. He clenched his jaw and watched Hannah with a squint.
“And I know all of them” Cas said, returning to the library. “All three worked with me against Metatron. They can be trusted.”
It was past one pm when he arrived to the Gas’n’Sip. He had broken the speed limit countless times to gain those precious minutes but he still feared he was too late. He wanted to believe that Cas, knowing that Dean would arrive that day, stayed where he was for Dean to pick him up. But knowing the angel he would surely not wait for him and get into something.
How was that possible? Angels never cried. The only angel she had ever seen crying was Castiel and he was more a human than an angel.
Visiting every damn shop that sells hunter stuffs is tiresome. I start with the ones in the States because those would be the ones the others call first. After finishing with the last one I go to Canada, then Mexico, and after I finish with South-America too I got to Europe, Asia and Australia. I visit the Antarctica too, just in case.
“Where am I?” I ask from the demon who’s sitting behind a big desk.
Nicole watched her for a while then turned towards her with her upper body.
Which in the ‘Winchester to English’ dictionary meant: ‘I’m not fine. Something’s wrong with me but I’m a coward to talk about my feelings. Also I don’t deserve your care so just leave me in my misery. I don’t want to pull you into this too. You have better things to deal with than my problems.’ Or something along the lines.
“Yes” Dean said it with so much determination Bobby had to believe it. Huh. Dean being friends with a vampire was something Bobby had never imagined.
Giving into my inner ‘sap’ I press my face – definitely not my mouth – against Cas’ forehead and murmur against his skin.
Oh, yeah. Crowley. He was still in chains in the dungeon. He wanted to forget about him too.
But Ephraim didn’t have to know that. He could use the angel’s ignorance against him and to save the girl. So Castiel lowered his gaze and his shoulders fell.
Dean looked at her, laughing.
“I don’t understand… Ze fell with Lucifer, but ze’s been gone for centuries now.”
, Cas was
will do what he was always afraid of. I will be the one the world needs. I will break everything that stands in my way.
He could see their eyes on him. All of them watched him with concern and he just wanted to go to his room and hide there for a week or two. After that emotional breakdown on the roof, Sam acted so careful around him that Dean sometimes considered smacking him at the back of his head and kindly ask him to cut this crap. He wasn’t made of fucking porcelain. He could handle some shit. He always did.
“How do you know about it?”
In a week or two Dean would be the same again. Until then they had to look after him. Not only his body was de-aged. He acted like an actual three years old and his abilities were on such level.
Dean watched him for a while, maybe looking for any signs of doubt in his voice, then sighed and looked ahead.
. I helped an
Sam and the angel walked to the other side of the table. Sam took a chair from one of the computers and made sure he was not on Becky’s other side. He feared Becky would make a scene but instead the woman watched Cas with slightly narrowed eyes.
The sun was high on the sky when they got to Hartford. Sam parked the Impala at the diner next to the crime scene. Jody was waiting for them next to her pickup, walking to the back of the car as it stopped.
“I’ll grab some food then we can go to the garage.”
Bobby’s daughter was a lovely girl. Maybe her stubborn nature was hard to deal with but her sparkling eyes could melt the coldest hearts, he was sure of that. Now she was sitting at the next table with Becky, drawing something with great determination and so energetic movements that the crayon most of the times sled off the paper and left colorful lines on the tabletop. She didn’t seem to mind though, neither did the woman next to her who was writing something in her spiral notebook. Lucy had great fun creating something with only moving her hands using the right tools; so simple yet so innocent.
