"Oh." The comment was meant to throw John off. He was sure of it. Another dare, another invitation to enter into the argument they'd had before. He wouldn't take the bait.
He'd asked for John to be still, so John held perfectly still, as Sherlock rode John lightly, pressing his weight down into John, and finally lowering himself like a swan, dipping down over John's chest, and kissing him full on the lips, his tongue pressing in to meet John's, the holiness of the moment stretching out between them. John ached to touch, to roll Sherlock over and grind down into him, but he'd promised to be good, and he knew he had to be careful. He could easily forget himself and pull his stitches. He could easily break the spell Sherlock was carefully building between them.
Maybe, John dared to hope, as rough emotion gripped him, they were talking about Baker Street as well, about the two of them. John hadn't imagined Sherlock would ever want to open that topic again, not after the train carriage. His heart pounded in his chest. He stared straight ahead, looking across the street at Bainbridge, who seemed to be doing fine.
"This world," Sherlock began, his words softening as he spoke, touching the fingers of his free hand to his own lips, his eyes closed. "This world is not much good without you in it, John. I always thought you improved it greatly."
He caught Mark watching him, shaking his head, and turning back to say something to Cath, who laughed, and smiled, and kept dancing.
"He went off over by the loos at the back of the hall after dinner, and I saw her follow him in there."
"John," Sherlock told him. "I want you to know that whatever happens, from now on, I'll always be there for you. Always. I won't leave you again."
He felt that something wasn't right, before it registered with his conscious awareness. He frowned down at the bed.
"Good." Sherlock was trying. It was hard for him, all of this. Hard for the both of them. John had made it hard.
"John?" Sherlock's arm was around John's waist, as his legs went out from under him. Sherlock stood, and helped him into the desk chair, where he slumped, and laughed. The whole thing was hilarious, all of a sudden.
Mark wasn't giving him any room at all. Nothing for it but to start, to try to explain, and see where it took him. "So, Mark. Listen. Listen, I know it hasn’t been long. I mean, I know we haven't known each other for a long time." He looked down at his hands, then back up at Mark's patient smile, his nod of encouragement.
Perhaps, a still, quiet voice inside John whispered, remembering the way Sherlock had reacted at the Landmark, the way he'd tentatively opened the conversation about Mark, back at Baker Street, perhaps this was a test, a way for him to find out what John wanted, what John would do, if given the opportunity to choose.
As he waited to enter the chapel, John's eyes found Sherlock immediately, standing in his place a few feet away, opposite Cath, who stood on Mark's side. Sherlock seemed to be studying Cath, who was watching him with what appeared to be equal interest, something a bit predatory in her eyes.
He turned the fob to wind it, expecting it to leap into life. Instead, the minute hand moved backwards. He toyed with the fob, trying to push it in a bit. He hadn't meant to set the time. The fob didn't move, couldn't move.
. John was sure of that. And John still meant everything he'd said in the train carriage, even though he'd had to act as if he didn't. They were a mess, the two of them, but John knew, with a warm, steady certainty he'd never felt before in his life, that they didn't have to be.
Mark kissed John's forehead, then leaned in and kissed him on the lips, lingering there, while John closed his eyes, and tried to endure it. Finally, Mark stepped back, and ran his fingers through his hair. "Do I look okay? Not too mussed?"
John exhaled heavily, allowing himself a moment of relief, before he peered out through the window beside the door, to see Mark disappear along the edge of the cottage, moving to where he had parked the van. After a moment, the alarm stopped, and Mark, gun raised, used a tree for cover for a moment, peered out from behind it, then slipped away into the woods.
Time slowed, and John watched Harry as she talked, her liquid eyes dancing, her hands gesturing wildly, and he was filled with love for her, his little sister, who he'd looked after, and who was looking after him today. He studied each of his friends, these men he'd served with, these men who he'd saved, and who had saved him, in a host of ways, large and small. Maybe they didn't talk much. Maybe they weren't in constant contact, but they'd been through things together, and that meant a lot.
Mark frowned, a hint of a storm passing over his features. He stepped through the door, and closed it behind him, a smile moving across his lips. "I could be. Pawned your next one off on Dr. Chakraborty."
He took a deep breath, opened the post editor, and selected the option to turn off comments. He went back to the post itself and checked it: the
A slow grin spread across Mark's face. Pleased with John's answer, with John himself. "I suppose we did."
Mark looped his arm around John's, and spoke to him in a hush as he led him back to the cabin. From the outside, it appeared to be a shabby affair, small, the roof overgrown with moss, the boards of the exterior walls rotten.
John felt the waistcoat slip down on the left side, weighted by something. In the mirror, his eye caught a flash of gold. A watch and chain, pinned to the pocket. "What's this?"
Once he was alone and out on the street, John left his helmet strapped to his backpack, reckless, needing the sensation of the winter air in his hair, the slap to his face of the gusts of wind, and the cold, thin rain that began to fall. He needed the reminder, sharp and harsh, that he was still alive, that he wasn't stuck, that he was doing everything for a good reason, that it was all part of his plan.
The crime wall was, John imagined, like the contents of Sherlock's mind palace: eclectic, eccentrically arranged. Several historic maps of the tube system dominated, along with surveillance photos of a wide range of individuals, printouts of crime statistics, and pages from the classified sections of at least three different newspapers. Two of the photos had been crossed out in red marker. Sherlock had drawn a long line from one of them, a picture of a bearded man, to a grainy printout of an image of a bonfire, which was next to a police report. John squinted at the report: a body had been found, just this morning, a forty-five year old man, shot in the head. He frowned at it, wondering what it meant.
That truth sat in his belly like a hard stone, all through the rest of the day. He imagined it would, for a long time, until he learned to reconcile himself to it.
"Just on my way out. I wondered if you wanted to do anything special tonight? Go out for dinner? We can stick your bike in the back of the car, drive into town."
“Y-yes...” Although Sherlock is already being led away, she still keeps moving backwards until the opposite wall stops her. “You're right. But... come anyway. All right?” There’s a poorly hidden mix of controversial feelings on her face that she clearly has rarely experienced.
He never enters the room. There's nothing to gawk at, and besides, Mycroft is unable to maintain his end of the conversation. And he never will be; adults don't recover from three months of vegetative state. Not as comforting as one might think.
The lady is wondering how likely it is that Mr N is hiding a Soviet paratrooper on his attic. The paratrooper would supposedly be blackmailing the house owner and planning a strategic diversion in the local cannery.
“What do you mean painless?” Greg blows up. “What was that rubbish they injected me with? I thought that the truth serum either fries your brains or is entirely fictional. And why the hell are you sitting in the next house from the commandos? How-”
In the end, they take that shower together, because Sherlock insists on John having a slight concussion (when did he manage to get it - when he fell with the chair?) and may slip on the wet tiles. The narrow shower box is only built for one and there's nothing erotic about sharing it, but for some reason John simply can't keep his hands off Sherlock. There's something panicky swimming around in his head, babbling about the long-term effects of the drug, imprinting, Stockholm syndrome (because it was Sherlock tormenting John all this time anyway), and so back and so forth.
The official nods at the guard, who then removes the temporary collar. Relief accompanied with a slight nausea. The next collar won't be temporary. Sherlock wishes that everything would be over soon. A childish, naïve emotion, but he can't get rid of it.
The more time passes, the less Greg likes this whole blasted situation, but what a choice does he have? And if he's honest with himself, no one's forcing him.
“Truthfully, you're indebted to us almost as much as Dr Desai,” Sherlock says, also lowering his voice. “She's finally agreed to reciprocate your feelings after letting go of some of the guilt about her brother, hasn't she?”
The kitchen is smaller – not enough room for all of Sherlock's equipment, but the bare minimum, which he needs to work with immediate material data, will fit. There is no separate room for a slave, but the real estate agent is kind enough to point out an alcove that can be fitted with a screen or even a temporary wall. She holds out a business card of a reliable company that won't charge too much.
If your memory is perfect along with your logic, sometimes it may be difficult to distinguish between the past and the present. Sherlock is looking at a man, stretched out on the hospital bed - pale, with a lax, expressionless face, but seeing a dishevelled boy crying in the corner of their nursery. Back then Sherlock had been too small to understand why he'd been crying, now, though... The memory is returning in pieces, torn and dusty from being stored away for such a long time.
He, of course, would need more if he had a family, but Sherlock is correct: with this new twist of fate the idea of a family is forgotten and buried. At times John vaguely regrets it, but it’s more out of habit. After he woke with Sherlock's weight on his good shoulder the day before yesterday, he stopped regretting it entirely. Hell, what's there even to think about? Even before they became lovers John was ready deny himself a lot for Sherlock. It's not actually about cuddles in bed for him – it's about feeling alive, the askance looks, the crooked grins over a laptop that make John's heart stop and feel wonder as if on the first day of creation.
Her work is efficient, precise and quick, Sherlock notes. He also notices that she's quite attractive; John would like her. A bit under forty, though someone unobservant or not familiar with racial particularities wouldn't give her more than thirty-two or thirty-five. A touch on the heavy side, but not plump, dark long hair in a braid, no make-up, and not only at work – at all. The make-up girl is here for another reason then. Not married and most probably never has been. Has a lover, though, a long-term relationship, but they don't see each other too often, and she is the one to hold back. Most probably heterosexual.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft nods. “I can't be sure how he managed to get into my room - Winston must have left orders to forbid it. Perhaps with time his role as a slave made him seem harmless to the medical personnel. They might have relaxed around him at some point and Sherlock noticed a discrepancy with the treatment procedures or the list of drugs which, no doubt, was carefully concealed from Dr Watson. By that point my brother might not have yet realised the whole scope of the situation he'd got into with Moriarty – Sherlock tends to delude himself on occasion and every so often it can last for a considerable time. However, the discovery must have been a shattering experience to sober him up. He must have realised that he won't be able to defeat his opponents nor return to his previous life without my help. It's highly doubtful that there were any other considerations at play when he organised my rescue from the clinic.”
John thinks of keeping silent just on principle. Surely, the man has a dossier in front of him anyway. A typical thin beige carton folder most likely. A small ugly file on a funny little man with a propensity for failing: either he gets in the way of bullets like an idiot or manages to get a sack pulled over his eyes like a civilian dope. While Sherlock...
“Decided to shoot me, have you?” Sherlock asks drily. “A solution, for sure. But I’m afraid I can’t let you do this. As much as I would like to.”
'Please, let it be sedative,' he thinks desperately. 'Or...' It's the thought of a truth serum that scares him – he's heard that there is such a thing and that it totally destroys the brain.
In short, the spectacle ends with them laughing their heads off like villains in an old black and white silent film, gasping for air and prostrated on the floor. John finds himself thinking that he hasn’t felt so normal for an inexcusably long time.
“And you were quite sure of it?” The interrogator's voice is on the verge of being soft, calm almost, but the sharp pain in Lestrade's twisted arm isn't letting up. “You didn't get an impression that Holmes's current owner treats him well?“
Through the windows, in the hazy light of the street lamps, John can see an ordinary London winter night and Sherlock is there somewhere, hidden. Sherlock in a collar, vulnerable. Perhaps wounded, maybe even with something nasty in his blood stream... maybe he's gritting teeth in a last effort to wait for John.
Gradually, Sherlock's voice gains strength. From soft and exultant it turns progressively more and more mocking, until it's openly vitriolic sarcasm. People in the waiting room  raise their eyes at him one by one in bewilderment; a man stands up and starts for the exit, cradling his hand which has been inexpertly wrapped into a kitchen towel (a domestic burn, treatable by rubbing with Vaseline, shouldn't have come here in the first place).
“You don't look that young,” John snorts, momentarily realising Sherlock means the sweet colourful pills that nurses generally kept in their cabinets for the youngest patients.
Curiously though, he doesn't hear the violin. Instead he hears some conspicuous rustling, moving around and dull thumps. Then after some tossing and turning around in bed, he returns downstairs and to his surprise finds Sherlock... cleaning.
Waiting for the sedative to wear off, Sherlock spends the rest of the day wandering around the streets. Sometimes he forgets to look down and meets the indignant looks of passersby. In Regent's Park he is driven off the main walking path by a cop, and Sherlock lets him without getting into an argument. He's thinking. There's plenty of food for thought.
Sherlock, with his bruises, sore wrist, and probably still fuzzy head, cleaning out the rubbish from their living room, putting away books on criminology, packing box after box.
“Yes, but in the case of the implanted tracker the law allows you to forgo the stun feature, which makes the collar a lot lighter. It's handy with females, especially the young. And you can embed it where the scar will be unnoticeable.”  The brown suit winks.
A slave is supposed to look down, not meeting the gaze of their superiors, except when it interferes with the orders of their master, but John hasn't given any orders, unless he counts the curt 'come with me'.
“No, it was just my sad attempt at making a joke. Except that I really would have asked you out were I not… busy. A gentleman never jokes about such things. But the letter is yours.” He holds out the envelope.
“I've... a relative missing,” John says. “I'm going to the police. Let me go this moment or I'll punch you.”
“I doubt it.” Getting the dig, Sherlock grins. “I was unlucky today, it won't happen again. So, what happened then? You found out, cut the ties with your parents...”
His expression seems calm, but with a dark, boiling pleasure Sherlock sees that John is starting to get worked up. John doesn't even feel guilty, does he? And snapping too!
Awkwardly he's carrying a tray with a tea set, which hardly corresponds to his expensive suit and the overall appearance of a good City lawyer (which he obviously is). Doubtlessly he earns enough for his lover (Dr Desai) to comfortably live in Chelsea, in a flat three times this big even if he had a wife and kids (which he doesn't). Evidently she prefers not to. Well, Sherlock had noted a strong streak of self-sufficiency and independence in her the first time they met.
“Greet your master, slave,” the official orders and squints at the documents. “Oh my, what a name!” He turns to John, chuckling, “If you want it changed, you can do it free of charge, by the way.”
The topic is too horrible to contemplate, so John stops. Instead, he focuses on how to get the toxins out of his body as quickly as possible, because who knows what kind of shit is currently swimming in his veins... Especially since it's forbidden to use it on free people. It's probably morphine-based, at least that's what it felt like. In any case, he should be able to level out the symptoms by speeding up the work of his kidneys and liver.
. More accurately, he's been staring at the beginning of the article about hypoglycemia for about fifteen minutes now. Raising his eyes to Sherlock, he feels relief, but doesn't voice it.
'Look straight at him,' Greg tells himself, 'Maintain eye contact,' he adds and then does. To his surprise, Sherlock meets his eyes almost mockingly, with his own brand of sardonic smile you can barely guess at the corners of his lips.
Pound moves a bit nearer. “I could spit on what you need, slave,” he pronounces slowly and clearly with put-on indifference. “Get the hell out of here. Or do you want me to call security? Or the police? I'm sure you'll find quite a lot of people will be happy to see you.”
Later these naïve conversations were forgotten. At least for most of them: one of his friends actually did dive into the Abolitionist movement head first. About a year ago he was caught by the other department and Lestrade was told not to be an idiot and pretend not to know him. He couldn't and naturally, the promotion passed him by once more.
John can't hold back his snort. It's true, so far it has indeed seemed to be 'the other way around' and it's nice of Sherlock to admit it.
John, who's been calculating their profits after the yesterday's drop of slave prices on the Suriname black market, currently sporting spectacles on his nose, raises his head.
John peers at the clock. Thirty-five minutes have passed. It's time to draw the line, he decides; it will take a few minutes to pay, then the barman will get him the change...
“Oh no, everything's fine.” The nurse smiles at him. “They're just not supposed to be here, you know?”
“That, you shouldn't have done.” Sherlock hurls himself out of the sofa and is at the door virtually in two leaps. “I told you: The Golden Ram awaits us. It's for a case.”
Anyway, the main plot is here. The last chapter is epilogue, so don't be afraid to read this now, even if it takes me another year to updae, there will be no huge cliff to hang off from, so no worries. You might want to reread the first two chapters hough. :)
Another side-effect of what happened is his newfound partiality to wearing trainers. He’s never worn them before, but now he’s somehow taken a liking to them. It’s hateful: he can’t wear them with his suits, and jeans he firmly associates with the double life he isn’t leading anymore. It’s absolutely abominable.
“And free you?” John notices he's talking with an almost childlike intonation, like a child begging his mummy to tell him that death is not real.
By five in the morning John is very close to throwing on his jacket and jumping out into the wet, slushy streets, full of yesterday's snow that's already melting, to look for his friend, partner and an accomplice against the letter of the law.
“You remember that puzzle you asked me to work on?” Sherlock asks in an even tone. “About a month ago?”
“With all due respect, sir – are you sure it's not one of Holmes's distracting manoeuvres? The timing can't be a coincidence. Perhaps we shouldn't...? And that Detective Inspector in Switzerland... Just as a precaution...?”
'That's it then, isn't it,' John thinks sadly. 'That's all I'm good for now... I'm gonna let them down.' But he can't even remember of who are the 'they' he's letting down or how exactly is he doing it.
John gets a packet of powdered caffeine out of his medicine kit, pours it into a glass, fills two-thirds of the glass with sugar and finishes the concoction with mineral water. He drinks the disgusting mixture almost choking and he has to keep his hand on his mouth after every gulp. Then John takes in plenty of water and contemplates adding a diuretic into the mix, but decides to skip it – what if he needs to suddenly run off somewhere. The fuzz in his head clears up a little.
Raising his weary, bloodshot eyes, John manages to glimpse a silhouette of a short, overweight man in a good suit. With a walking stick. What's up with that? Them, with their umbrellas and stuff...
“Sold your younger brother to pay for your education?” he finishes for her. “Incredible! I knew that Kerala was one of the most progressive states, but I had no idea that their emancipation was so far progressed that a daughter's well-being might be considered more important than son's... Oh! Right.” He snaps his fingers. “Product of adultery, wasn't he? You weren't aware.”
“John.” His name cuts off his incoherent babble. “You said that I want to be seen as a slave. But I am a slave. Legally. And will remain as such unless we do something.”
“I think that we understand family differently, Detective Inspector.” Holmes's tone is dry. “On the other hand, you're right. Holmeses are not in the habit of leaving their family in trouble. As for the rest of it, I haven't put the whole picture together yet.
“That's not what I'm getting at, Sherlock.” She sits on a high stool and gestures wearily with her hand. “Or perhaps it's about that too. I remember that neighbour I had in Florida who was sold into slavery because of his debts. How the kids, that he used to teach to fold paper planes, started spitting at him and... You never know how somebody will act when life turns. But no, what I was actually talking about is how you're putting up this act – and I do see it's an act, but I can also see that it's taking its toll too, and how terribly John torments himself with worrying over you!” She shakes her head. "It's obvious, he'd stick his hand into fire for you...” Mrs Hudson rubs her nose. ”It's always worse if it's someone you care about... Well, anyway. If there's anything I can do... And I do mean anything, Sherlock. Even if it's just to talk to someone for you, absolutely whatever I can do to help. I know you're moving out, but don't you think for one moment that I will ever forget you or begin thinking ill of either of you! Sherlock, darling, please don't forget to keep me posted, all right?”
“The police?” Lucy sounds surprised. “No. It was Slave and Large Animal Control, but not in London. It was from-” She's rustling with paper. “Found it. From Newcastle. John – do you have a slave?”
The same old uncomfortable sense of dichotomy overwhelms him as he's looking at the alien face of the younger... no, he's probably the only Holmes now.
Sherlock has to make a conscious decision to not stare at them pathetically as they leave, instead keeping his gaze fixed on Morstan. No one seems to have noticed. Good.
“And go where?” Lying on the sofa, Sherlock is trying to keep his composure, but something is preventing that, something is bothering and irritating him and he has no idea what it is. The image of Mycroft, lying immobile on his cot seems to be distracting him and Sherlock doesn't want to think about his brother. “Slavery in the USNA is even more severe than here. Political asylum with the Soviets? Slavery is forbidden only on paper there - their 'citizens' run from there
She takes it as if in disbelief, promptly opens it and runs her eyes over it right there, in front of John. Then she raises her eyes to him, looking at him as if he'd bought her the treasures of all the rajahs of India.
“Remember me? Good,” Sherlock says icily. “Let's get down to business, shall we? I need...” He throws a quick glance around the waiting room, but it's empty.
“You should have thought about it earlier! All right. Just let me...” John examines Sherlock's fingers. “Does that hurt? What about now?”
And indeed, he is somersaulting, almost with a stuntman-like agility, landing at the foot of the stairs in a dramatic sprawl, as if waiting for a film director to shout 'Cut!'
“We can discuss it when John rejoins us.” Sherlock leans back on the sofa and steeples his fingers under his chin. “I don't keep secrets from him.”
“Headache, dry mouth, a slight disorientation in space, slower reaction time,” he lists. “I think that's it.”
“I've decided that so far we've both been carried away by the momentum and overestimated the seriousness of the situation for me, and underestimated it for you. Yesterday's disagreement clearly demonstrated it.”
And still the strange feeling of dread refuses to let up. John barely even succeeds in concentrating on his patients, instead he's staring at the clock. (Luckily, the life and physical well-being of most of them hardly depends on his professional zeal.) It seems as if Chronos (a time-walking fellow in the Greek mythology) has lead weights shackled to his legs.
John goes back to the same night-shift officer (who's getting gloomier by the moment - his replacement is late) and agrees to fill the missing slave form. Then he dashes back – Sherlock might have returned.
Suddenly John's lips twitch and he giggles. Sherlock exhales through his teeth and he too realises the absurdity of the situation. A second later they are howling with laughter. Sherlock's diaphragm is compressing rather painfully and his jaw is aching again. Apparently John doesn't feel much better, because they have both slid down to the floor, holding onto each other; somehow they've managed to settle with their backs to the fridge. Sherlock doesn't notice how his head ends up on John's shoulder, but he's quite comfortable with it - his back of the head still hurts from laughing, although he can't even laugh properly any more; the most he's able to do is gasp silently.
Sherlock doesn’t doubt John’s faithfulness, but it never quite quells his jealousy. Morstan is, after all a free m…
The lad is bent on destroying the incriminating evidence and Sherlock isn't inclined to allow it. John is on their heels, but still behind; even without the limp, his legs are much shorter. In truth, Sherlock is also lagging – the youth has developed an excellent speed; had the Olympic team accepted him in his time, it could now be performing with marginally better results and the criminal world could have had lost one of its followers.
“Good.” Sherlock pats him on the shoulder, and then, as if remembering something, touches his lips to John's for a brief moment. “One more thing: if it's necessary – it shouldn't be, but if it is – call an ambulance only as a last resort, all right? And don't act out of character with them: I'm your slave, you're the master, nothing more.”
“Alright, let's not risk concussion,” Sherlock agrees as lightly. “It would even be in character, considering.”
A long time ago, in another, happier era, Sherlock and John used to make bets like this: they would take a cab while Sherlock is blindfolded and John would show the driver their destination written by hand on a sheet torn out of a notebook. Most cabbies would then nervously demand if the 'mister' with a blindfold knows what's going on, but a couple of vitriolic remarks about a bet and behavioural patterns of kidnap victims from Sherlock would make some of the cabbies to do what was asked of them (though most of them still just ordered them out of the taxi).
Sherlock seems to take his words seriously. “It's not necessary any more, but after I tell you everything, I'll understand if you'll want to express your feelings... shall we say, in a physical fashion.”
Sherlock pauses. Then, visibly composed, adds, “Just as always, you're being dramatic.” He ignores John's incredulous 'I am?'. “My current situation has its advantages. At least I don't have to look imbeciles in the eye while telling them that they are imbeciles. I can just delegate all the communication to you.”
“Moriarty is dead, yes, but the person who helped him is still out there,” Sherlock says. “The one who took Mycroft down at the same time with me. The one who arranged my being accused of fraud and attempted fratricide. The one that instilled the idea about suicide into Moriarty's consciousness, to mask the connection between them.”
John doesn’t divulge that Sherlock had already donated it all to a rehabilitation centre for victims of illegal  human trafficking.
This is what Greg will never understand. You could be in a process of severing a limb form a Holmes and they'd still find it in themselves to use the most precise phrases and a roundabout sentence structures.
She steps so close to him that she has to raise her head to see his face. She's free, which means that the next thing she'll do is to ask him to bend, check the name on his collar and ask for the telephone number. People have tried to borrow him like that before: two men and one woman. One man and the woman had sexual goals and the other man was a photographer in need of a model. This woman, however, doesn't do anything of the sort. She smiles at him and says, “Hello.”
“Trust you, yes... But this – this... It's as if you... it's the worst sort of thing you could have…”
John shakes his head. He took all they had at home, but didn't count what was left after paying the fine. He doesn't even know how much he paid.
Greg opens the window, wonders if he should perhaps take a walk to buy cigarettes, but remembers that in this God's forsaken place all the shops close at six; then he remembers that the bus station he arrived at has a convenience store and it's literally just at a stone's throw distance. Then he thinks about the withdrawal period and decides not to go anywhere at all, especially taking into account the note that asked him to remain in his room and not to leave it under any circumstances, but his hands are already pulling on his jacket and the warm coat.
“I don’t think you are too easily hypnotized. Besides, the results of the research on using hypnotics simultaneously with drugs tend to be rather contradicting… In any case, I conclude that you didn’t give Morsten and Desai away simply because you didn’t want to. You are very loyal, John. It’s one of your best and also your worst characteristics. I counted on it, though. There was a certain risk, of course; that is why it’s so lucky they are not currently in the country.”
No, he can't allow himself to think like that. Of course, his success rate dropped after Sherlock left, but one should also remember that they had the additional workload of checking and double-checking all the cases Sherlock had been consulted on. It lasted all through the infamous trial process and dragged on for a while after that. How would Sherlock even work with Donovan and Anderson now? Before it was never all plain sailing between them either, so how on earth could those two work with Sherlock if even Greg himself...
“And you'd really go with me?” Still staring at the ceiling, Sherlock furrows his brow, watching John from the corner of his eye. “You'd leave your name, service medals, your medical licence, and never see your family and friends again?”
Mycroft, naturally, is lying still, and, naturally, doesn't look anything like himself. He hasn't woken up in the six months that have passedsince the attack; it had been stupid to think otherwise. He's much thinner: intravenous nutrition works wonders, no diet can compete with that.
“No.” Sherlock shakes his head once. “But you're obviously not busy at the moment. I need a tooth removed. Lower, number seven. It won't take you long.”
“Your access to what?” Greg doesn't so much interrupt as dutifully fills the dramatic pause that a good professor might purposefully leave for his student.
“What is it?” the main voice asks irritably. It’s the guy with the cane. “Can't it wait? Oh...” A paper rustling, a tapping of a cane. “You see, Samuel,” he opines, unconcerned. “As I suspected, the body was found in Clapton. So it couldn't possibly have been a distracting manoeuvre. It seems that our dear Jim had over-estimated his vis-à-vis.”
John looks round. He has just realised that people in stalls might be privy to their conversation. Theoretically, nothing would happen to him for going soft on his slave. Some sidelong glances, a fine or two for inappropriate behaviour in public. Practically though... Sherlock knows of cases where judges 'concerned with civil order' (terrified of abolitionists) reassigned slaves to other (better paying) owners because of a too democratic treatment. Or simply confiscated into municipal ownership.
“Where is Sherlock Holmes now?” the voice repeats again. “When did you last see him and what did you think of his behaviour at the time?”
Procrastinating, Sherlock stands in front to the mirror in the bathroom, checking his own determination. How much does he want this? A long time ago he promised himself not to get involved in sexual experimentation unless he was... attracted. He's attracted to John, that much is certain. But to what extent? How fair is his plan to John?
Somehow, he’d always thought that no one would ever look at him like that again. As if the slave branding was on his forehead or his cheek. (He got rid of the brand on his forearm with an acid minutes after receiving the papers about the annulment of the verdict. He’d decided that an ugly scar was the better of two evils. Later, John had raved at him about doing it by himself.)
Instead of the Land Rover or the operating table he now has an altar in front of him, and on this altar there's a familiar body. With an indescribable terror John realises that the patient's stomach cavity has already been opened and he, apparently, is expected to do something, but he has no idea how to operate. He lacks even the limited skills he had and can't recall a single Latin name for anything he sees. At this point Sherlock rises onto his elbows and looks at John with totally white, unseeing eyes. The lights are out now – no, there wasn’t any light to begin with, only the braziers in the corners – and in their treacherous reddish glow John can see the bloody black mess of the ripped-out guts with a piece of the leather collar sticking out of it.
“You're trying to bag Moriarty's network,” John states listlessly. “You're trying to fool people who know you. Know about you. And about me. You are showing them that I've started treating you like a real slave... My God, Sherlock. No one will believe it! No one who knows us even the slightest bit... Or... do I really come across as such a bastard? That I could actually betray my only... No, Sherlock! This is too much.”
Some of his, as John likes to call them, “secret service of gratitude” (shoe shop owners, salespersons, restaurateurs, and other people from the service sector) are indeed sincerely grateful.  Angelo, for instance: not only does he eagerly help him in his investigations, he behaves as if he's receiving tickets to the first row seats when it happens.
She holds out a card. ‘Society for Understanding and Accepting Spiritual Bonds’ it says. Sherlock knows this organisation: it has government funding to maintain a hotline for slaves and conduct group counselling sessions.
“At any rate,” he continues. “They worked together. The whole scheme to neutralise my brother was the result of the said collaboration. And although they both pursued their own goals, Moriarty's fixation on Sherlock proved extremely beneficial for Winston who quite rightly judged him to be one of my rare weaknesses. Thus the operation against me was carried out in parallel with the operation to neutralise my brother. As far as I understand, they seem to have succeeded in both endeavours – Sherlock is now formally a slave.”
God knows what Sherlock thinks  of the order, but he obediently gets up and John can hear the rustle of clothes and the sound of his armchair being moved. Sherlock seems to find the revolver quickly, returns to the bed and hands the gun over.
“Almost.” He smirks grimly. “It's the clothing I'm going to wear from now on. Rather strange for a slave to dress better than his master, don't you think?”
“I'm thinking of buying,” the man confides. ”In the long run it'll be cheaper than an employee, and it would add the prestige too. My woman hates slaves though. Convinced herself that males are all thieves and murderers, and she wouldn't tolerate a girl, you understand.” The barman chuckles, a deep belly laugh. “Yours is quite skinny though. You're military, right?”
“Now…” Mycroft Holmes sighs. “Tomorrow you are going to board a train and go home to England. And I am going to stay here. I’m afraid I have some health issues to deal with. And then… It seems I have some debt I need to repay.”
Sherlock announces he has no intentions of going to bed. At first, John tries to persuade him, then throws in the towel and goes upstairs – the greater the distance between Sherlock’s awful howling violin and his sleepy ears, the better. If Sherlock wants sex, he can get it (meaning: find John) anywhere.
And with this thought he's jerked back into consciousness in a blink of an eye, because  - Harry! Because if John's legally incapacitated she's the one to inherit the ownership of Sherlock! Bloody hell! She's gonna... And he'll...
'That's it,' John thinks, his body covered in a cold sweat of terror. His heart rate picks up as he remembers Sherlock's dreams; his limbs tense – he's ready to shred iron chains – he can't. 'I'm finished. Is this really the end?.. And Sherlock?.. God, let it be some maharajah, he can escape form a harem, he's a genius. Anything but the mines, God, don’t let him become an organ donor!
“Yes, the nice young lady got slightly confused. Seemed it was her first experience with a personal slave. The nurse on duty looked at her askance, so in her defence she said that at the vet's, where she takes her cat, they always give it sweets at the end of the visit.”
Once more Sherlock weighs both of their contributions to this operation and decides that perhaps John has a moral right to refuse to hit him if it's so difficult for him emotionally. In the end, his reserves are not limitless either. He even allows a working theory that the whole situation is worse on his partner than it is on him; Sherlock's not sure how to prove or disprove it or whether it's necessary. Perhaps it's better to just wrap the case up as fast as he can.
“I suggest you go to bed and sleep for about ten hours straight,” Sherlock opines, taking in the impersonal hotel room.
“You're right, Dr Desai,” Sherlock replies, tracing the edge of his collar with his fingers, almost subconsciously. “Slavery can never be morally justified.”
“There's no such thing as the truth serum,“ Sherlock huffs. “You were injected with some regular opiates, possibly mixed with something. And when they ask a string of rapid questions combined with confusing physical reactions... What else? Bright lights, disorientation – you were carried to the interrogation room, weren't you? Basically, it's a standard, but quite effective technique which gets reasonably accurate results, especially if the subject is unprepared.”
“Free us both.” Sherlock nods. “And I hope not only us. But to achieve all that we'll have to do a lot. Are you with me on this?”
“You are paranoid,” Sherlock jerks his head. “We can't be bugged – we chose this place completely randomly.”
“That's what I'm telling you – there was a phone call for you. They tried your home number first, but when they couldn't reach you, they called us. It was just a couple of hours ago. My shift's almost over, but I decided to try one more time, so you owe me one.”
“It went seamlessly. They didn’t publicly rescind the charges, though, and that was what we actually appealed for,” John says. “They hushed Winston’s whole case up and Mycroft either couldn’t or wouldn’t argue it. So they just returned Sherlock his citizenship… damn, what was the term they used…”
Today, John isn't expecting any nasty surprises. It's the other way around: they've just solved that Morstan case with the Indonesian pearls and although the 'treasure map' (a microchip containing code system drug traffickers used) now rests somewhere on the bottom of the Thames, which only seems to have calmed Morstan and his charming fiancée down. Now they’ve left for Europe to celebrate; upon closing the clinic Rohan even stopped by to say hello while shoving some Indian national honey-based sweets at John.
“You and John?” she says inquisitively, raising her pleading, blue-shadowed, eyes to him. “Are you managing?”
And the curious thing is, John is right. Or more right than Sherlock. This is better: pressing his whole body to John's, kissing his face (eyelids, nose, cheeks, chin), struggling to cope with John's hot breath on his neck and ear lobe (“Tickles, John!”), trying to get closer, closer, and even closer, as if (why as if?) everything that has ever mattered in this world is the space (or more precisely the lack of thereof) between their entwined bodies.
And then they have “The Case of the Mad Blackmailer”, as John aptly names it in his notebooks, and the chase where they dash after the aforementioned blackmailer (an absolute halfwit, though the nature of his wit being a half only makes it more difficult to catch him) straight through the halls of Harrods.
However much Sherlock tries to dismiss any influence the nightmares might have on him, this night – contrary to his usual habits – he clutches to John so hard that in the morning it takes some doing to untangle himself from the tight bear hug. Plus, for the rest of the day John has a crick in his neck from the uncomfortable position.
“My name is Christina May. You can ask about me at the municipal clinic, everybody knows me there. We help people like you. You can come to our classes in your free time – we have night and morning groups. Can you read?”
Take John for instance. Sherlock didn't need much - just a couple of bruises and ugly enough ribs to have an excuse for an X-ray, but instead of acquiring all the injuries in a controlled environment with an experienced medic present (a medic who's used to dealing with a lot worse physical damage than that), John prefers to capitulate before the useless social stereotypes and his repressed guilt, and flatly refuses.
John goes to the kitchen and busies himself at the sink. Perfectly natural. The doctor's pedantic nature demands him to start with the dishes, which he naturally does himself. Even though yesterday John was away until late, wasting his precious time on runny noses of some strangers while Sherlock had been relatively idle, because the case only came today with the morning post.
Half an hour later John's sitting on the pavement somewhere in East End, crying and repeating stupidly, “Sherlock... let him go, you bastards...”
He’s alluding to the scheme of stealing identities for escaped slaves that the Movement has tried to develop, but so far they hadn't come up with anything worth the risk.
John feels like popped balloon; he's never felt this empty before. Not even during an anatomy exam when he had to identify an unfamiliar cavity in a skull.
Fortunately he catches his hesitation fast enough; not even John seems to have noticed (although he can't be sure about that; John has an uncanny ability to subconsciously understand things about Sherlock that he doesn't process via his brain – either a canine or a parental characteristic).
He can't finish his speech since John is already kissing him: desperately, hungrily and almost as if for the last time – first time. His lips, narrow, dry and chapped from winter wind, his warm mouth, his deft, but slightly flailing (from his emotional tumult) movements - all are testament to his fears, his anguish and hopelessness. It all narrows down to that one moment, that sole once-in-a-lifetime insane attempt to demonstrate (and prove)... what? That appearances don't matter? That he's ready and that he takes Sherlock as he is, under any circumstances?
At six he actually does it. Moreover, he leaves the door unlocked (in case Sherlock comes back bleeding and having lost the keys); just leaves a note 'Gone to the Yard' between the door jamb.
Sherlock turns round and puts his hands on John's shoulders. Very intently, he's looking into John's eyes and again, for the umpteenth time, John understands and is overwhelmed.
That's what John is thinking about when he's rushing back to their new home. He doesn't allow himself to think about anything truly terrible; the mental images are flashing before his eyes as it is. But no, everything seems peaceful: the flat is transparent grey (that's because it's getting late, John) and Sherlock, clad in unfamiliar pyjamas, is standing at the window holding the violin in his lowered hand. Didn't even turn round when he heard John's key in the lock. The bed sheets are crumpled - at least he slept.
And it should be easy to just lie; it's logical, should be natural, why the hell not? He can lie to John, he is lying to him, and John is his... Then why can't he lie to this sweet little woman?
Undoubtedly, Dr Desai is putting on an act of 'Old Friend' or even 'Former Lover, Current Friend' because of the curious neighbours and Sherlock admonishes himself of not telling John to buy flowers – fine, another time.
Sherlock says nothing and with the assertiveness of a salesperson or a self-taught counsellor she interprets his silence in her own way. She continues in a deliberately soft tone.
“You too... f-fuck...” John tries to grab the edge of Sherlock's T-shirt, but can't: he bends his head back and moans softly. Yes, a bull's eye. At least an eight, perhaps even nine, further experiments necessary.
Curious reaction. It probably means nothing more than a friendly support in this context, right? Either way it's obvious to Sherlock that John's sexual exploits are not limited to the female population even if he does generally prefer their company. Perhaps what he's set out to do will be even easier than he thought.
Triple damn him! Even while a slave, Sherlock Holmes is sending couriers abroad, while Greg, a team leader of his own department, has hardly anyone to send out for a coffee.
A simple recipe: pasta, fresh tomatoes, white beans... Strangely enough there are (relatively) fresh  tomatoes in the fridge. Two tomatoes, to be exact. But they're out of beans, so John decides to pop in to Mrs Hudson's for something canned – and finds the old lady in quite an odd mood.
“You are clearly underestimating the scale of the operation and the stakes involved,” Holmes states drily.
“Winston spoke about it before he chucked me out. Why, by the way? Why did that body result in them letting me go? Frankly, I thought it was yours.”
Unlikely, of course. In the life of Gregory Lestrade climbing out of windows has rarely been romantic. Never, in fact.
Hopefully John won't try organizing the escape by himself. He simply lacks the ingenuity and resources. He will fail and fall into the same predicament Sherlock's in. That is unnecessary.
Finally John lifts his eyes to Sherlock. His gaze feels heavy, but stubbornly he looks: Sherlock is sitting in an uncomfortable armchair, in a dressing gown a size too small, obviously trying to seem at ease, but John knows him too well. Sherlock is tense.
“I don't know!” Greg almost bleats. The blood in his veins, hot and heavy, burns inside of him; it's as if a bit more and it will all burst out of him. He feels as if he needs to tell them everything, right now, and then run. Run anywhere, find cold - anything cold -, dig himself into the ice or fall into a freezing river - anything to calm the scorching lead they've replaced his blood with. “I don't know that... fucking... John Watson that well. I've shared a pint with him. Twice! Perhaps three times? Got the eyes of a killer, that one. Especially when he speaks of Sherlock. Seen plenty of those, the killer eyes, damn-it! How the hell should I know what's going on between those two?”
“Could you, please, keep it down, Detective Inspector?” Holmes grimaces. “I, of course, feel deeply indebted to you for all the help you've provided Sherlock with, but I also happen to be suffering from a severe case of a migraine – a direct result of all the drugs, apparently. I would be extremely grateful if you could just temperate the volume of your vocal cords.”
William's face flushed a bit, and he smiled, grin crooked. "Oh." He didn't seem put off at all. Quite the opposite. "Trouble with your boyfriend?"
John stepped aside to make room for him. Sherlock looked drawn, and sombre, as he signed, his signature a messy scrawl under John's small, neat handwriting. When he was done, he turned, and stuck out his hand for Mark to shake. He sighed, and nodded. "Congratulations," he mumbled.
"I know," Mark said. "Glad you aren't completely gullible. It's going to make what happens next that much more fun."
Mark himself had served that purpose. His presence in John's life had meant a hard limit on everything John and Sherlock could be to each other. Mark had appeared to offer John everything Sherlock couldn't: a normal life, marriage, stability.
"I don't understand," John told him. "I don't want to sound like an egotist, but is everything about me? How could this random case from your email inbox end up being about my previous commander?"
Meanwhile, John wore his life with Mark like a borrowed jumper. It was protection enough against the cold, he supposed. It would have to be. That had always been the point of it, from the very beginning. Just shelter. He faked enthusiasm for every decision they made. Mark seemed not to notice.
"Best if we aren't seen together. I'll leave in a while, once I know you're safe. Follow the trail back the way you came. Gabriel will be waiting to drive you home."
"Congratulations to me," he murmured. The words rode on a thick disappointment he didn't want to examine too closely.
. He'd been busy, though, with work, and wedding plans, and he would have to talk to Sherlock to get the details, and he couldn't imagine bridging that gap, couldn't see a way to reopen communication. It all felt impossible. He was stuck in thick mud, his tyres spinning.
The optimism John felt, the relief, of getting to say everything he meant, drained away, as if all his blood were leaking out the soles of his feet.
He'd never talked about how he really felt about Sherlock, about the nights he'd lain awake in Baker Street, staring up at the ceiling, and wondering what might happen if he just kissed Sherlock, if he could somehow coax him into talking about his feelings. Some things were private. Some things were pointless. Water under the bridge.
After that it was a quick round of greeting the nurses, a couple of John's cousins, and a maiden aunt. Greg Lestrade shook Mark's hand, and John's, and offered a polite congratulations; Mrs. Hudson smiled and beamed; and Molly Hooper looked as though she might be sick, as she mumbled her best wishes. Mike Stamford, it seemed, had chosen to stay home.
Then again, all of that had seemed impossible, in the old days. Mark had shifted everything for John, made being with a man seem completely normal, and taught him that he deserved intimacy, of a kind that made him happy. In many ways, the John Watson of the present bore no resemblance to the John Watson of Baker Street.
As he went out through the back door, and headed into the shed to fetch the shovel, he gently cursed himself for letting his home monitoring project slide. He'd been feeling so unwell, had been so focused on his personal life, he'd lost track of the war that raged all around him and Sherlock. He'd discounted the idea that he was involved with it. He'd forgotten who he was.
John couldn't help the laughter that huffed out of him. Sherlock was outrageous, no news there, the shift away from whatever significant thing he'd been about to say, absolutely obvious. John's head throbbed, his whole body reverberating with the conversation, with how much it hurt, and how good it was, to be in the same room with Sherlock again.
John closed his eyes, and fought a wave of dizziness, as he thought back through the tangle of the last few weeks, and his discoveries about Mark, and everything he'd done, and the edges of the truths John hadn't fully understood.
Mark chewed his lower lip, and leaned in, whispering conspiratorially. "I agree I'm the best thing that could have happened to you."
"Hi," he said, wondering how far he could take the facade, how his body would or wouldn't respond, to what Mark clearly had in mind.
John closed his eyes against the mix of emotions that moved through him. This was what he'd wanted, what he'd always wanted, conspiring with Sherlock, working with him on more than just the cases. He wasn't shutting John out. He was letting him in. Perhaps inviting him in, continuing the flirtation they'd started yesterday afternoon. John looked at his computer screen, at the blog entry that had probably reignited the trouble in the first place.
He took the electric razor to his upper lip. When he was done, he admired his work. He looked like a new man, and like his old self, all at once. He decided he liked it.
Within the hour, John and Sherlock were sitting together on a park bench facing the gates of Buckingham Palace, waiting for Private Stephen Bainbridge, member of the Queen's guard, and their new client, to finish sentry duty. The air was sharp and cold, the winter sunlight weak, but welcome. Sherlock's complexion had taken on a hint of pink, a bit of his old vigour returning, John hoped.
Sherlock stared down at the table. The muscle at the corner of his eye twitched. "Well, I suppose that might not be necessary now. We'll certainly know, by early January, if it really is over. If there's nothing new before then, you can forget about it. Probably you'll just want to try to have good day. No need for melodrama. You could just—get married." He touched the handle of his blowtorch. "Like normal people do."
Black clothes: a lightweight jacket, moisture wicking fabric. Trousers, of the same material. Lightweight black shoes, like nothing John had ever seen, the soles covered in a pliable rubber, so soft it seemed to stick to his fingertips.
John hadn't expected another apology. "You're sorry." Sherlock had said it already, more than once, at Baker Street. And John had accepted, hadn't he?
Barts most likely meant Molly Hooper, which meant efficiency. It was possible that there would be test results before John got back to the flat. He hoped they would reveal something he could use to understand what had happened. It was vitally important that he not be caught off guard tonight.
Sherlock stepped forward, saw what John was pointing to, and took a deep breath. "I've already written it."
As she'd spoken, Mark had watched John steadily, an amused glint coming into his eye as Anika had made reference to Jonathan Small. John had squinted at her, then raised an eyebrow at Mark, making him smirk. Mark loved his dirty secrets, that much was clear. Loved them even more, now that they were shared.
John fumbled with the phone, opening the keypad. "Yeah, the police. This isn't a game. If you're right about the bomb, they need to know."
It was vital, though. He saw that clearly. The two of them had to live, had to survive this. Live, and say whatever needed to be said, after. John could only hope that Sherlock would forgive him.
"So, Mark said you want to be part of the wedding. Maybe stage some sort of estrangement between us. Publicly."
"Before I say anything else, I want you to know that despite all appearances, there is only one person in this world for me."
John stood up from behind his desk, and met Mark in the centre of the room. He slid his hands around Mark's waist, and pulled him close. A simple gesture, easy. Something thousands upon thousands of couples did, every day.
"Still not telling you where we're going." Mark pinched John's ear. "I meant on more of a permanent basis. Maybe a change of career."
He smiled as he kissed the corner of Mark's mouth, slipping into the easy intimacy they always had together. "You could have."
"Johnny boy!" Harry opened her arms as he approached. "Come and have a drink. Celebrate." She was already slurring her words. "Two more," she told the bartender.
John gasped at the first touch of their naked chests together, his mind gone, all worry, gone. He touched Sherlock, finally, running his hands up over Sherlock's ribcage, across his shoulder blades, skimming his fingers over the ragged edges of the scars that ran all across his back. He tangled his fingers in the curls at Sherlock's nape, all too aware of the tip of Sherlock's cock pressing insistently against his belly, seeking friction, seeking John, as Sherlock gasped, moaning low and thick, and John rubbed Sherlock's scalp, and looked into his eyes.
In the shower, he stood with his head under the water, and only then allowed his body to shake, and a few strangled sobs to come out, the memory of the long days and longer nights he'd spent wishing for Sherlock washing through him, along with wave after wave of relief.
He was back, in Sherlock's world, back on Sherlock's glittering battlefield, where being put in a fire was simply part of the day to day. He started to laugh, and ended up coughing violently.
John knew what he had to face. He knew he should be terrified, but some combination of the drug, and Sherlock's arms around him, made everything seem like it was going to be okay.
"And your husband." Mark cast a glance over toward the bar. He smiled, and licked his lips, and ran a hand up over John's knee, and along the inside of John's leg.
John felt a weight pressing down next to him. He waited, helplessly, as fingers pressed the side of his neck, against his pulse point. A thumb lifted his eyelid. He tried to relax, keeping his breathing slow, as a light shone into his open eye, and Mark's face appeared briefly, frowning down at him.
"I've got nothing to lose," Mark told him, kissing his neck in the kitchen one morning. "Everyone already knows I'm positively flaming, and snagging a doctor, well, that's the dream, isn't it?"
John expanded the picture until he could see a figure of a bearded man. He remembered, dimly, seeing this same photograph on Sherlock's crime wall, the day after the bonfire.
Mark laughed, and ran his tongue over the tips of his front teeth. "And there you are. There's the John Watson I've been waiting for all this time."
"You look wonderful, John," Mark told him, after the waiter took their order, and poured wine, and left them alone.
Sherlock turned his head to watch a black cat, which hurried across the top of a brick wall. The cat jumped effortlessly onto the windowsill of a ground floor flat, and yowled to demand entrance. "That's—good, I suppose." When he faced forward again, he was looking down at the pavement, a soft smile on his lips.
As if with a mental click, the last piece of the puzzle inserted itself into the picture. “The body in Clapton?”
Guiltily, John peers at the poor man for a short while, then goes to a stall, buys coffee. Then, symbolically, he takes a few sips and offers the rest to the slave. The slave peers back with apprehensive surprise, but takes the cup and his thanks is heartfelt. John feels even worse.
But no, it turns out Sherlock's at home; he's vegging out on the couch, his wrist in a fresh white bandage and staring at the ceiling – everything’s just as usual. He reports that they took the X-ray and that there's no sprain.
Sentiment: a dangerous ground. The edge of the cliff. What they're creating here, though: through the touch, sliding of skin against skin, through the sighs and soft moans, clenched teeth, and their irregular breathing, is far more than just emotions. Together they're creating a joint space which can only have one name – sanctuary. A refuge.
The flat is small but apparently cosy - if one liked that sort of thing, but it’s too conventionally neat for Sherlock’s taste. John looks around with exaggerated enthusiasm. It's obvious he's checking for ceramic elephants, statues of Buddha and Shiva, and incense sticks.
“Right. I can always tell - due to my line of work. They wouldn't try to take you bare-handed though, would they now? What I'm actually thinking is - they'd be idiots to go against their betters unless there’s an actual reason - like being tortured for no reason, right?”
His wound-up demeanour does not in any way resemble his usual composure, namely that of a professional who knows his own worth, and much less even the reverence he used to treat Sherlock with before. Sherlock knows what earned him the previous servility as well as he knows the molar mass of hydrogen: during his investigation he'd uncovered some discrepancies in tax reports, but hadn't bothered to communicate them to the Yard – very dull.
“True, but not in your case. Go. I'll write down my size numbers, but you don't have to try very hard. It's probably even better if they don't fit that well.”
“Well, a week ago I would have asked for your phone number and dinner, but now that the circumstances have changed, I'm forced to say nothing.” John smiles, hoping it's coming out charming. He hasn't had much practice lately.
John is taking his time with sitting down, analysing Morstan's reactions and level of aggressiveness.
In the end, after waving the envelope in front of the receptionist's nose, John succeeds in having  Dr Desai retrieved directly from the room where she was treating a patient. The other two occupants of the waiting room (a plump elderly lady in spectacles and a middle-aged man in a good suit, a handkerchief pressed to his cheek) send him glares that are not entirely friendly.
Irrelevant. They're both grown men. And it's just sex. Most people have it without giving it more than a passing thought. They've already crossed the frightening (at least for Sherlock) line of intimacy. What significance can physical contact with fluid exchange possibly add to that?
“Sherlock,” John’s tongue continues without his consent, “told me about her. Told me she's my type... Very lonely. And the second time... I thought – should I buy her flowers or not?.. I didn't. Ridiculous – me, giving her flowers.”
Greg glances around nervously. He isn't thrilled about the idea of talking to Sherlock. All those bruises... Were Sherlock to accuse John, Greg... there's nothing he can do, frankly. He can't open a case, but to do nothing... The best he'll be able to do is to talk to John. But what in the world would he say?
“Yes,” he hums shortly. “For the last four weeks I have received a large Indian pearl every Sunday. It's symbolic in a way, since I've participated in organising an escape route for slaves from the West Indies, but there's no actual link. As you can see, it's not just me who’s under a hammer: the operation was top secret.”
“The altar's in the bedroom,” Sherlock whispers into John's ear. Resisting mockery is beyond him at the moment. “You really want to be invited in there?”
Then he asks, “I take it you're one of the key figures dealing with The Kameraden abroad, Mr Morstan? Note that I'm not asking if your partners at Smith, Ferguson and Co. are also part of the movement.”
Usually when the three of them are together, Sherlock speaks little, letting John dominate the conversation. Actually, it’s a rare thing for them to meet this way, but it’s a business meeting. Morsten wants them to fill in some forms that have to do with a case from six months back they were all involved in.
“Stop,” Sherlock repeats his growl. “I'm sick and tired of your damn hypocrisy and your condescension!”
“I'll go bump into more things,” Sherlock declares. “A table for instance. Decidedly not enough bruises.”
And then immediately throws the game by glancing questioningly at Sherlock. He has to go over his options quickly – stay in the corridor and wait for the results of John's negotiations, start coughing to give John an excuse to invite him in out of compassion... but thankfully Rohan herself comes to his aid.
“In a manner of speaking,” Sherlock replies in an absolutely normal voice and starts getting out of the bed.
Sherlock had anticipated shouting and protests. Not this. Even forceful removal or arrest for aggressive behaviour hadn't seemed out of the question. It's what the good doctor had been afraid of, most likely. He left so as not to lose his self-control. Strange. John is well known for always keeping his composure, but Sherlock has always presumed that it doesn't extend to him, the only one in the world, and so on. Sherlock has been mistaken, obviously. There's always something... Pity. He was going to pass John a code for his instructions. He'll have to find another way.
He touches the dark mark on his neck. It can add a damn lot. It's either going to free them or introduce awkwardness they've never even dreamed of. On the other hand, no one has ever had a reason to accuse Sherlock Holmes of being a coward.
“It's not slavery for either of us!” John explodes. Then he visibly reins himself in and puts the magazine down. “Damn it, Sherlock, I realise that you don't like our situation, but stop trying to... I don't know what you're trying to do or how exactly you want to manipulate me! I entered this situation of my own free will and I still think it was worth it. Don't you? Do you think you'd have managed to run and then what? What did you plan on doing then?”
“You!” He's staring at Sherlock with astonishment on his face, which could be interpreted in five different ways at least. Agitation – the most obvious of emotions. Indignation. Fear.
'I'm not going to buy the cigarettes,' he decides contritely, grasping the door handle, he'll just call his wife, he’s sure he saw  a long-distance phone somewhere...
In the end, John goes, grumbling that in such a weather a dog shouldn't be sent outside, least of all retired army doctors with more than real shoulder wounds which (surprise-surprise) actually ache (wounds not doctors).
“What did you do to make him...” the landlady begins, but then Sherlock pushes John's hand away and sits up. Inhaling noisily, Mrs Hudson peers into his face. “Oh, so you didn't... You really just fell down, Sherlock?”
Greg feels the need to swear, but holds himself back – there's a young lady in the room. Then he thinks, blast, it's not as if she understands him, and lets it all out. The girls smiles and beckons him to the window.
He inhales steadily through his nose, then exhales. Sherlock knows human psychology very well, and he also knows that his reactions, unfortunately, don't differ that much from the norm, even though he does like to call himself a sociopath. What is going on with him now, which kind of inertia has overtaken his thoughts, is no secret.
The anticipated letter, indeed, comes the next day, and straight after work, with barely a bite to eat, John is on his way to the address Sherlock has given him. He's almost not surprised to discover a seemingly decent and not at all expensive private dental clinic there. It's obviously a busy day; the young girl at the reception desk asks him to leave his number for them to get back to him. John has received strict instructions to hand the letter over to the recipient in person, though.
And now for the one particular erogenous zone on a male body stimulation of which will get the same results each and every time...
They visit Dr Rohan Desai on one of those unbearably English October Sundays, when snow is in the air, early garlands have already started to invade shop windows and despite the refreshing frost, a sickly-sweet stench of consumerism is already spreading, disguised as a Christian holiday. The stars haphazardly scattered all over window displays, wreaths in scarlet bows, fake candy canes – the whole miserable collection invokes conflicting emotions in Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles softly, takes a step forward, leans down, takes her face between his palms and gently kisses her forehead.
Dr Desai lives in a block of flats in Battersea, in one of those strange places where you seem to be in a decent neighbourhood, but just around the corner you run into a blue collar district and around the other a fashionable residential area. A very colourful environment.
“Who then?” John asks with dread amounting inside him. “Who are we acting for? Why did we move here?”
Since the clientèle is rather respectable and the door displays a sign with the crossed out collar, just outside, they have a cage for personal slaves. As far as John remembers, for the most part it's empty, but today there is a young dark-haired female slave pacing in the chill.
The last evening at Baker Street feels stifled and tense. Most of the stuff (most of them Sherlock's) is already packed and at the storage. Mrs Hudson offered to hold on to their things for them, but Sherlock insisted – everything must look as if John's severed all ties with her.
“What are you doing here?” she asks sternly. “Where is your master? Strangers are not allowed in here.”
From that point on, the conversation flows smoothly and doggedly around neutral topics: weather, football, politics, all in a painfully law-abiding tone. Mainly it is John and Morstan who talk, the host and Sherlock remaining silent and nodding in a supportive manner where necessary. Finally, Rohan stands up to head to the kitchen for biscuits and Sherlock glances at John. Luckily he gets it (they discussed this manoeuvre previously) and offers his enthusiastic help.
If Pound had hit him, Sherlock would have retaliated. After what happened yesterday – definitely. His patience, his ability to play-act and bid his time have reached their limit. And a slave who hits a free man can be sentenced to penal labour, or even to a deadly injection like a rabid dog. Not the best way to go for a man who'd hoped to at least take out his most vicious enemy as his life's work.
Suddenly the room is small, void and insignificant. It’s dangling somewhere far down, under his feet while the grey sky of London balloons out into a panoramic view, and the little old lady in a dark purple dress inside some kitchen is of no consequence at all. Even her colour palette seems to be blending in with the tiny flower-patterned walls and cosy interior.
“Leave my face alone, this chin is the Holmes family trait! A distinctive feature. You bloody... dwarf!”
“Not many people would dare to call a slave their fiend.” The doctor's honest eyes stare at him intently.
Well, he did start the contest himself... Sherlock holds his gaze with ease. With an exaggerated amazement he raises his eyebrow. He is a bit surprised by Pound's reaction; he thought the man more intelligent.
“Well. Nothing serious,” the dentist decides, examining his X-ray. “Take your coat off, we need to apply the splint. It'll cost you...” She hesitates before naming the sum.
“It's about Mycroft. And by the way, don't be embarrassed to drink your coffee. You'll need all the clarity of thought you're capable of.”
They are watching a game, the woman is rooting for the South American team, the man is listlessly sipping his beer. Momentarily John feels an intense dislike towards the couple despite the fact that overall they seemed quite an amicable people. The woman is actually a notable beauty, not surprising she braved purchasing a young slave.
“Oh?” John smirks. “Were you hoping to involve Sherlock in your Movement? Or just raise a juicy scandal?”
This time, though, no sooner have the glass doors opened than the girl from behind the counter starts waving her hands and yelling:
“But I couldn't, how could I?!  Don't you get it? What are you – a human being or a machine? If I hadn't... Seven girls suffered... That son of a bitch! So I... And Nelly! If it hadn't been for him, Nelly would've been... What a  sorry of excuse for a human being would I be if I hadn't helped his brother to escape? No, of course you don't get it. How can you? Damn it!”
“Please, let me see him,” John moans, lying on the floor. “Or let him go. You don't have to let me go. Let him. No, don't! He's a slave, he can't be out there...”
“Two sleepless nights,” Sherlock hotly mutters into John's ear. “Interrogation while intoxicated. Fucking Winston! One of these days I'll make sure he'll get the double dose of the same... No, triple! Unlikely that you'll make it into London in this shape. Not without me carrying you and we can't draw attention to ourselves; they could still be watching.
Icy cold air seeps in from the window, slightly ajar. Greg stands up and leaning onto the mattress like an old man, takes a few steps. The poster bed turns out to be pretty convenient walking-aid.
Of course, before, he used to disappear for a day or two sometimes and even for a week, but that was before. After the trial he's never been gone for more than several hours without telling John beforehand or leaving him a note, although John had never asked him to and never would. Perhaps he's finally realised how important it is for John to always see him and know how he is. Or perhaps he's just felt uncertain in his new role.
“Ah! You were listening to me after all.” John smiles slightly. “The momentum, yes. Well, it's been two months already, you know.”
But money is a necessity. In this case John's miserly point of view holds true: they do need to fulfil their monetary commitments, although the bank didn't even try to present the conditions Harry got her loan on as fair (Urgent loan? But of course!).
Greg glances outside, and indeed, there's a plank placed between his window and the attic of the building on the other side of the street. A god-awfully common, untreated plank with splinters. And the girl is already handing him a climbing harness.
He's straightening up from taking up the note, when the feline jerks and breaks free. John makes an attempt at grabbing it, but misses. When he starts standing up again there's a sharp blow to his solar plexus; his mouth opens by its own volition, his eyes tear up. It's impossible to react to anything now, he can't even grab the revolver at his back.
John takes several deep breaths. Through his nose. Then he tries to relax. Then he counts to ten. Finally when he feels less like beating the obnoxious idiot into a bloody pulp he talks. Slowly.
And then it suddenly turns out that John is indeed a surgeon, not a simple medic. In reality he'd had the usual officer contract, had some medical training in a civilian hospital in Belfast and then he'd  already been trotting around with his platoon in the foothills of Hindu Kush. The only difference between him and an ordinary commando had been the green cross on his sleeve (which as opposed to the red cross does not offer any measure of protection). But in the dream it suddenly becomes clear that he did actually finish his surgical training and is now working in a field hospital, but in India, not in Afghanistan – because why else would the fresco of the goddess Kali with her multiple sets of arms be there?
“All right.” Morstan leans back on the sofa. “Find out who my secret admirer is and I'll arrange the transportation for you.”
The 'municipal hole' is just down the street and Sherlock doesn't even need to walk past to remember it: he's been there for a case. A shabby medical centre with equipment worthy of torture chambers, and a separate wing for 'townies': slaves in cleaning services, garbage collecting, and such – the majority of whom have been picked from homeless crowd. Generally they tend to escape the slavery quickly (municipal collars are cheap, it's not difficult to find a handyman to pick it), soon appear back on the streets only to be nabbed for vagrancy once more. For many this cycle goes on for years, until due to repeat offences they're are taken to the mines, hard labour camps or sent to the mines on the continent.
“I'm aware,” Greg moans. His mood has changed yet again and now he wants to break out of his own skin, which is now prickling something awful, and howl like a dog, while a tiny, sober part of his consciousness is wondering in what other ways will the drug untie his tongue.
“See? Isn't that nice?” the woman asks Sherlock and then turns to John in a confidential tone, “He was so restless during the night, couldn't sit still, banged on the walls. Was afraid you'd punish him, I think. The doctor said he's been knocked around a bit, he might not be completely himself yet. Don't be too harsh with him, all right?”
Sherlock manages to raise his tearing eyes and sees a muscular thug in the supermarket's security guard uniform standing over him. In his half-lowered hand he's holding a generic remote to a slave collar; scratched, approximately three years old, the battery lid fixed with a tape, at least ten different users. The so-called 'general frequency device', affects all standard models. They are usually assigned to security services, the police and fire departments.
“What you’re trying to say is that he’s very unpredictable and may affect people in very unexpected ways? Yes, I agree, that is a fair assessment. But my dear Detective Inspector, had my brother indeed fallen a victim to the Stockholm syndrome, he would certainly have enough pride to keep out of your way. He’d have found another courier, rest assured. Besides, do you really think that a broken man would’ve been able to carry out such a plan? Really, Detective Inspector - I am quite sure that the reason Sherlock has remained a slave for such a long time is that at first he feared repercussions from Moriarty’s nonexistent underlings, and later he simply discovered some advantages to his new positions.”
“Your master must be angry with you since it's the second time you're here,” she says with a sunny smile. “Our methods help to alleviate anger, teach you to control your breathing and your body. We are-”
Since that night John can't help but expect a shot in the back. Anticipation at its worst. The lull between two artillery attacks where you lie in wait, and wait and wait and wait for it to finally erupt with the dull blast somewhere farther away, then there's this whistle and then... Well, never mind what comes then, the point is the anticipation when nothing's happening. Then the stars come out and still nothing. And you start thinking – what if they got lucky today? And you relax somewhat and that's when it's gonna hit.
The detective again sees himself from above and afar: there's an ordinary street, crammed with blocks of buildings. One of them has a cardboard sign on the façade, brightly lit glass doors and a girl-doll displayed behind the counter to attract the public. Inside the waiting room two figurines are leaning towards each other, their fists clenched: all the classic signs of a face-off. One has a white coat, the other is wearing a collar.
“We need to practise,” Sherlock confirms, chuckling. “Repeatedly. You're sleeping in my room tonight.”
They scorch each other with their eyes, foreheads almost touching; Sherlock's leaning down, John's backbone stretched out, chin lifted. Their hands are still on each others' shoulders, Sherlock clutching at John's cardigan, John crumpling Sherlock's linen shirt.
Already in the doorway Sherlock hears the nurse say, “I'm so sorry, sir. I know I took some liberties with your slave, but...”
“They should have put you on a chain, not collar you.” Pound's face has turned purple. His hand rises, but Sherlock stands, motionless, only his lips are shaped into a smirk, more resembling a scowl. Smiling is the last thing Sherlock feels like doing. The last time he felt a cold shivering rage like this... Yes, it must have been right before Moriarty's process when Riley allowed herself to demonstrate her arrogance and vulgarity.
“Oh yes, Winston, no doubt, would have preferred to place me in one of his infamous basements.” Mycroft smirks. “Fortunately I'm still a too well known a figure in certain circles to have just vanished – or even killed – without questions. That's why an ordinary private clinic, respectable doctors, visiting hours. Personnel was, of course, replaced, bought off or simply intimidated into compliance. I guess Dr Watson – a GP – was regarded harmless and respectable enough to offer a public alibi, so to speak.”
He wants to insist, go in with Sherlock and make sure that he gets his X-ray – the doctor on duty might forgo it with a slave – but then gives in. To hell with Sherlock – he’s not a child, he's perfectly capable of pressuring the medical staff into doing his will even from his position. Sherlock cherishes his hands, he needs them for the violin; so John just nods and goes to work.
Cameras click, flash, and the bluish smoke swirls towards the ceiling. Where's John by the way? Perhaps it's his last chance to see a familiar face for months. Yes, there he is. Elbowing himself through the crowd, his lips moving – probably apologizing mechanically on his way. Not a glance spared for Sherlock.
“How do you...” Morstan frowns. “Fine. Doesn't matter. I've heard about the great detective, Sherlock Holmes.” He snorts, not ironically, but as if to his own thoughts. “You could seriously help our cause.”
Not many people in the municipal building today: it's Sunday. A two-meter long strip of linoleum is missing next to the wall: there had been benches before, now removed. Immaterial. John doesn't limp. Usually there is an echo of it in his gait, but not now. Stress?
“This time we need to make a different impression.” Sherlock waves his hand to express his disagreement. “Do you think we should remove the skull?”
“I couldn’t share my plans with you though, I knew there would be an interrogation and you had to look genuine, but you are not an actor, John. You wouldn’t be able to fool Winston. So I… Well, the nightmares, the talk of being watched - it was all necessary to create a certain level of anxiety in you. Of course, due to my changed status, and even more, because of all the hypocrisy surrounding it, you were already on edge, so it didn’t take much to achieve the desired effect. Soon, your observable behaviour started to fit the pattern of the crazy sadistic slave owner. I think... for that, I have to apologise.”
“What about Sherlock?” Mycroft makes a face. “It’s been more than half… I apologise, almost a year now (I guess I should probably take into account my health situation) that I haven’t kept an eye on my brother as thoroughly as I have been and it turns out that Dr Watson and him manage quite well on their own.”
Sherlock steps back. Lowers his head. Thinks of apologising, but that would be overkill. Besides, in spite of having almost calmed down internally, his jaw and fists are still clenching reflexively: he's not sure he can force a word out yet. He turns round and leaves.
“No one's here,” Sherlock waves away his worry. “But for a change, you're right. Let's wait with the conversation until Baker Street. We do live there still?”
Three days pass. Visits by a psychologist (a free woman, naturally) are the worst by far. For an hour daily she comes in, accompanied by two guards, sits on the chair before the tentatively kneeling slaves and spins her speech around the humanitarian nature of society and advantages of dependency. The first time, twenty minutes into the lecture, she allowed them to relax from their kneeling poses and several slaves started beaming at her almost in adoration. Her first husband humiliated her (never hit though), she divorced him and is now in a homosexual relationship with a colleague. Sherlock could tell her a lot about free will and a freedom of movement. But he doesn't.
“I am his master.” John is again using that dry, tension-filled voice. “Here are the documents. He hasn't stolen anything. He was chasing a thief as I ordered him to.”
Across the street, Bainbridge stood, completely rigid and still, his face handsome beneath the tall hat of his uniform. His letter had been more than enough to convince John that his case was worth their efforts. After Sherlock had read it, he'd agreed.
He'd figured it was all right. He had a change of clothes in his backpack. He'd soldiered on—it was what he did, after all, who he was—and dragged himself into his office, leaving puddles of water through the waiting room, grimacing at the pitying looks of Dr. Chakraborty, who never seemed to know whether to laugh or cry at John's terrible luck, and the earliest of the morning's patients.
The fresh air, and the quiet, enveloped him instantly, making him realise how sweaty he was, how the noise and company had kept him teetering on the edge of panic for the past forty minutes. He closed his eyes as he took the first few steps along the paved walkway that appeared to lead around to the back of the church. The wind kicked up, blowing rain into his face, and tossing the tops of the cedar trees that lined the edge of path.
Then they were outside. Outside, and John was being bundled into a car, and that was good, or at least, he had an idea that it should happen, although he suddenly felt much too cold. He shivered.
John felt, as powerfully as if Mark had punched him in the gut, how profoundly he'd underestimated him. "How long have you known?"
John had seen calluses just like Mark's, when he was in the army. The men who had them loved to boast about the extended time they'd spent on target practice. Mark had told John they were from racquet ball. All this time, he'd believed him. All this time, he'd been blind.
Mark pulled away, and propped up the pillows behind him. He pulled his knees in. He frowned. "John, I honestly—I never expected you to give me everything. We're not teenagers. This is not our first go-round. I know life doesn't work that way."
“Interesting,” she utters. “About that dinner? Why don't you come for tea instead?” It doesn't look like she’s flirting though, and she continues, “Bring your friend.” She writes her address on a piece of paper.
It's impossible not to listen though; the words are an insistent low hum of heavy machinery, a screech of a false note of a violin high above the ear. The spectators are leaving, the room is filled with their compassionate drone. People had sympathised with him during the hearings – John had managed a fully-fledged campaign in The Strand Daily. Sherlock was brought newspapers. But when has anyone ever been saved by a media campaign?
There is another pub down the street, a bit more tolerant on the equality scale; no cage, slaves can wait inside and no one would even look at them askance.
John thinks someone might have touched him with his foot, but by this point his body hardly feels anything and he wouldn't try crawl away even if he weren't tied.
“Do what?” John bites his lip. “What are you trying to achieve by acting like a slave? Drawing them out with live bait?”
“Nevertheless, people change and mask that they have done so, especially after a psychological trauma. It was imperative that you gave an impression of a person who so far, has been successfully repressing his abnormal tendencies, but after gaining full power over a slave, they broke free. It wasn’t so difficult, since people had already decided that you must be insane to have not only agreed to share a flat with me, but also stayed put after a week.
The security gets the blackmailer at one of the exits. The visit to Scotland Yard follows and then giving the statements, which mostly, John takes onto himself. Although before they reach the Yard, John stops at the grocer's and comes back with a packet of ice.
Greg Lestrade is sure he looks pretty much as undignified as it gets. There are tears and snot on his face and he blathers pathetically on and on, not unlike an under-age delinquent on his first arrest, he thinks with disgust. It's impossible to control himself however; the damn drug has turned everything upside-down in his blood while – so fucking unfairly – providing him with absolutely no buzz.
With a groan, John half-falls on the bed. Just a moment of respite from all of this… Just for a second.
“Thank you, no need,” John answers in the polite voice he uses in stressful situations. It doesn't get any more stressful than that. “As I understand it, the collar is compulsory either way?”
Greg has just been beat up. It was done very professionally, if not very seriously – while his whole body is one hell of a bruise, there's not even a tooth loose. Clearly, they are saving their efforts for later.
But John knows that he can't. He just can't do it. Sherlock, in the meanwhile, continues kneeling on the bare floor, his curly head bowed. Irrationally, John suddenly feels a keen need to put Sherlock in a bath, so he just reaches out his hands towards Sherlock and Sherlock grasps them. He takes John's wrists, circles them with his fingers and holds them lightly. He holds them the whole time it takes John to clasp the collar on; for some reason he can't do it on the first try.
He knows that if Sherlock considers himself on a stake-out, he can endure a lot more serious cold than a five or six below zero for even two or three hours without any damage to his health. And judging by his predatory, detached expression, Sherlock is currently indeed on a stake-out.
John could do without visiting The Golden Ram. He has been there before and he wouldn't say that he especially liked it there. An ordinary pub, but the beer is more expensive and appetisers generally better. And there’s even a TV set suspended above the bar.
Sherlock obeys. He holds the ice as told until it melts, and by then the feel of nausea along with the simmering rage have still not abated.
He does. “You know what's the beauty of this situation?” Pound asks leaning back slightly and shifting his weight onto his heels. “I don't have to listen to you anymore. Nobody has to. You're a slave, you can't testify in court, can't even prove anything. You want to try persuading your master to stick a lawsuit on me or go to the police – go ahead! Let's see what will come of it.”
“About the dryness. There's a water pitcher on that table over there. Drink. I don't think it was the truth serum.
“Borrowed from Harry.” John shrugs. “She's more solvent than I am, so she took a loan. Mind you, we have to repay it.”
“Why not?” The investigator's voice still holds the same cold interest that somehow makes Greg feel better and he just wants to keep talking and talking.
While Sherlock is gathering his strength and getting up (there's nothing to hold on to and naturally no one helps him), John manages to quickly list the distinctive features of the fugitive and even describe the evidence (“a stack of audio cassettes in a plastic bag, he might be trying to destroy them”).
It’s surprising how well John and Morstan get on. Sherlock considers himself a good judge of character, but this peculiar friendship he couldn’t have foreseen: John loathes any kind of duplicity in people and Morstan, being a lawyer, has it in spades.
“What the hell am I supposed to think? You've always, from the moment we met, acted as if I'm not good for anything, as if I'd perish at the hands of the first idiot robber I come across! And now, here you go, as you please - I'm really no good for anything any more! I can't even fill out a form at the library! Happy, John Watson? Such a balm on the wounded vanity of a little man! No one could hold Sherlock Holmes back, and now, you give a shout and look – the whole of Scotland Yard is at your service! A sound investment it turned out to be, didn't it? Oh, no! What am I saying – it wasn't even your money. Not a dime to your name, is there? And never has been.”
When the door closes behind John, Sherlock is struck by the idea that the best way to defend the fortress is to launch a counter attack. Taking refuge is good, but the time for hiding has passed. Actually, Sherlock doesn't spend any meaningful amount of time thinking about the theory of strategic warfare. He collapses on the sofa and concentrates on analysing their practical options.
“Not right away. At first I worked like a horse – during my studies, then at Father's clinic. First I saved up to pay Father back and after... Finally I had enough to buy out a slave. Ten years had gone by and my brother was almost twenty, his market value was expected to drop. Adolescent boys are more expensive than young males. I went to Mr Osmani's audience and he even received me. He was very cordial, offered me a glass of cold water and told me that he would accept half of the sum he'd paid for my brother if he agreed to leave with me voluntarily. And then Mr Osmani called him in.”
Sherlock knows. Sherlock makes mistakes, but not once has he done so with fatal consequences. And John promised.
The beer isn't helping. Blearily he stares at the TV screen, making a conscious effort not to look outside. He doesn't always succeed – and glances in the direction of the large windows: Sherlock is standing stock-still, arms crossed over his chest, his expression stoic. The stoicism seems to be dictated by Stacy's behaviour: she's pacing back and forth inside the cage, clapping her hands to get warm, and judging by the clouds of air puffs visible around her mouth, constantly chattering. It obviously irritates Sherlock a great deal. Surprising really that it still hasn't incited a rude remark out of him to cut her off.
John has actually spotted the said owner. More precisely, owners: a sturdy man of John's age and a woman about a decade younger, about seven months pregnant. She has an eccentric charm hanging around her neck – a key chain to a slave's collar: a symbol of status, obviously. A husband's gift for the birth of a first-born.
“Makes sense.” Morstan nods. “By the way, I'm an old admirer of Doctor Watson's stories. Tell me, can you really just delete unnecessary data? Like the solar system, for instance?”
In the end Greg gets angry with himself. Or, one might even say that he's disgusted with himself: he's over forty years old and never has he given in to cowardly voices in his head, and now he gets a wobbly? Yes, Sherlock is a slave now, but before he became one, he did a hell of a lot for Greg and his department, so the least Greg can do is to hear him out. But what if...
“Self-deprecation and false modesty don't suit you,” Sherlock interrupts him again. “Other people don't see you as a bastard or a brute. On the contrary, you come across as sickeningly honorable; that is why we need to go to such ugly lengths to convince the respectable public. But you can do it - we'll do it together, I've thought everything through. Remember, you own me-” John jerks as if from a blow; these words sound very different outside the bedroom. “- and I own you. Two minuses make a plus, John. In the end, we will squash the enemy.”
“We are fine, Mrs Hudson” he replies. “Do you think John would ever abuse his position? Or that I can't stand up for myself?”
In the cab Sherlock sits in the font seat. The driver raises the partition between them and is trying to not look in his direction. Sherlock can live with it. In a way it's even pleasant; he hates when cabbies try to make small talk. John is very quiet on the back seat: doesn't fidget, is silent. Perhaps he's dozed off? Sherlock can't hear his breathing; the sound of an engine drowns it out. Yes, he did fall asleep; Sherlock has to pay the fare himself before jostling John out of the car. Apparently for John the previous days have been more difficult than for Sherlock.
“No, I've been very careful. I've not been near them for the past month. No, it's... It has nothing to do with Moriarty.”
Upon opening his eyes, John sees Sherlock touching his left wrist with the fingers of his right hand and wincing.
“Do not exaggerate, Detective Inspector, you are only six months my senior.” Mycroft makes a face as if he's got a toothache. “Unless I remember your date of birth wrong. After the long months of sedatives, my memory likes acting up. In any case, you don't have to understand it. It's enough for you to take on faith that some of the developed strategies against one of our potential foreign enemies-” 'Soviet Union' Greg immediately thinks, 'or USNA', “-would be totally inaccessible without your humble servant. In the event of my passing all these plans and strategies would have to be simply written off, because they were compiled and encoded by myself personally. Winston needs these plans to win a round or two in his political games, that is why he risked – instead of simply killing me he placed me under a kind of permanent supervision.”
Mark leaned forward, and kissed John's forehead. He bent down and pressed his face into the side of John's neck, the bristles of his beard scratching John's ear, his cheek.
Mark pulled it out of his jacket and frowned at it. "Hold on." He looked up at John, all dimples and white teeth and merry blue eyes. "I have to take this. So sorry."
When he and Mark had come home from work Wednesday evening, Mark had mentioned seeing the article, and John had spat words at him, petty, and bitter:
John stared at him, fire burning through his veins. He was sure his mouth was hanging open, prepared to stop Sherlock, prepared to kiss him. He knew his eyes were shining like stars. He knew, then, that it had all been over for him the moment he'd set foot in the greenhouse.
A knock sounded at the door, as if someone were using both fists. The two of them broke apart, watching each other warily.
On a separate area of the wall, he found a note that rung him like a bell, high alarm clanging through him as he realised, for the first time, the full implications of asking Sherlock to be in the wedding party.
He hadn't noticed Mark coming to bed, remembered commenting on it, when he woke up in Mark's arms, just before he'd proposed.
He paced the kitchen, clutching his phone in his hand, his anger flaring, each small detail of his domestic life an accusation: the shining stainless steel toaster he and Mark had bought together, giggling in the checkout line at the hardware store. Postcards, tacked to the fridge, of the trip they'd taken to Bath.
Nothing irretrievable had happened to him or Sherlock yet. Mark had lied, and drugged John, and killed people, at least one of whom Mark had been close to. He'd manipulated John's feelings and managed his relationship with Sherlock to fit the configuration he wanted.
When he'd requested the song for his wedding, John had thought of this line, this line specifically, because he'd cried to it, standing in his kitchen, Mark upstairs in his bed, as he'd choked down bitterness and thought about Sherlock, about saving Sherlock, on that very first night, with their very first case. Saving himself. He'd imagined, when he'd wanted the song to play at his reception, that he could ask Sherlock to dance with him, just once, just one time.
Sooner than John would have liked, the DJ got his sound system working, and Mark came over to sweep him away into the reception hall. "Come on, husband," he said, taking John's hand, and spinning him where he stood. "I know we're not much for tradition, but we have to at least have a first dance."
He wondered how he'd ended up in this place, forced to sit with the revelation, perpetually there, and perpetually dreadful, that he'd sabotaged his own life, fouled up the one thing he wanted most, first with his clumsy confession on the train carriage, and then by trying to put the whole broken mess back together with glue and string.
He took a deep breath. Better to be a bit cruel now, and make it up later, when he'd taken care of everything.
Jill had booked off two weeks for her vacation. Maybe Mark had chosen Jill to be the subject of his lie because she wouldn't be available to deny or confirm his story. He wondered if her body was stowed somewhere, anticipatory regret turning his stomach. He hadn't imagined that Mark would target a civilian, much less one he worked with.
John thought of making the bed Monday morning, the way the sheets had been tucked in, at the bottom corner, and along Mark's side, how he'd been so suspicious of that, and tried to deduce something from it. He'd spent far too much time with Sherlock, for whom every little thing meant criminality, and life-threatening danger. Mark was trying harder, doing some extra tidying, that was all. There was probably some good reason he'd been out on his own Sunday night, too. No mystery. No secret conspiracy.
They said their goodnights, and John listened to Mark's footsteps retreating down the hallway, as he stared out through the darkened window, and wondered how safe he was, in this room, in this bed. He wondered how safe he and Sherlock both were, in the world, now that Sherlock was back. He could feel his body shifting, his nervous system slipping into the calm steadiness he'd always felt, when he was with Sherlock, and danger sang its high lilting tune, through all his days at Baker Street.
"Oh?" John pushed down the sudden anger threatening to rise to the surface. Mark hadn't mentioned being in touch with Sherlock again.
John's hands slid around to cup Mark's arse through his pyjamas. He ran his thumbs over Mark's hip bones.
Harry had her arm around Mark's shoulders. She'd turned him, so he was facing away from Sherlock. She'd been saying something to him that must have made him happy—he was looking as pleased with himself as a cat who'd gotten into the milk.
Footsteps approached, and a bright flame touched the woodpile, and a flare of light and heat leapt toward the sky, licking at the ceiling of branches over John's head. The crowd cheered, and John writhed on the ground, managing to move in tiny increments, mere inches. He tried to cry out again, and still, his voice did not come.
Flame danced along the wood by his feet, touching the soles of his shoes, threatening to creep up his trouser leg. He opened his mouth, choked, and yelled, desperate, as loudly as he could, not very loud at all.
The fog of John's feelings about Sherlock began to clear, now that they were away from the sombre loneliness of the graveyard, and out of the cold. Tentatively, John probed the edges of a new perspective on the past few months, as if he were touching his tongue to a newly filled tooth. Everything that had happened recently wasn't, perhaps, part of the long, painful coda of his time with Sherlock. It was the start of something new. A new story. A new life.
John's heart swelled, as he fought an inner war with himself. He turned and looked at Sherlock, who was frowning at him, as if waiting for some sign that John would find fault with what he'd done. As if he could. In the end, feeling the full force of all of his own resistance to the wedding, to his relationship with Mark, and to the entire direction his life was taking, John tapped the note about the best man speech with his knuckle.
He picked up his phone, and flipped back to the articles Sherlock had sent him. The killings were indeed clustered around the time of Sherlock's return, just like he'd said. Three of the bodies had been discovered in a run of days shortly after he got back, on the 4
John faltered in his steps, as Sherlock walked on ahead. He felt the pull toward Sherlock like a physical ache, even as he wondered if he should reply to Mark.
Cath shook her head, and raised a finger at him. "I see what you're doing. You're trying to keep me talking, hoping that I'll give it all away. You're not going to get me to tell you anything more about your honeymoon, Doctor Watson." She cast a glance over her shoulder, and giggled. "Not worth the risk."
John was falling out of his chair. No: he was on his feet, while the restaurant fell around him. He looked, although he was half blind, at Mark, whose eyebrows were raised, the smile he got when he was about to make a joke playing on his lips.
He checked the downstairs closet to see if Mark's racquet bag was there, where he normally kept it. It was the most likely place for Mark's gun, and whatever else he took with him, when he went out on assignment.
"Well, there he is," John said. He needed, somehow, to tell Sherlock about the flash drive, and find a moment for the two of them to get a good look at it, so they could take Mark down.
She'd left three comments in a row. A thin layer of sweat broke out across John's forehead as he read them.
Sherlock looked at the floor, at his own hands, then back at John, the hint of a smile quirking the corner of his mouth.
The system had started recording Saturday, November 9, the day he'd set it up, and kept going until Monday the 18
Mid-afternoon, he ended up in the break room at the same time as Jill. She squinted at him as they waited over the kettle. "Something's different. New haircut?"
Sherlock shrugged. "Might as well. I seem to be rather hopeless at solving anything right now, and there's nothing pressing. Not tonight. I cleared my schedule."
John sighed, heavily. The thing to do, the thing he knew he should do, was to stop, and think, and figure it out. Be strategic about how he approached Sherlock. How he handled himself. He kept typing anyway.
He and Mark were getting along, at least. Mark eschewed his habitual weekend workouts in favour of spending long lazy mornings with John, waking him up with a mug of coffee and a kiss, when he slept late, which happened more often than usual.
"In all seriousness, John, when I met you, I never expected to meet such a good, honest, loyal man. I want to share all my future adventures with you."
"Nothing to get shirty about, dear," she said, picking up on his tone, because of course she'd heard it. "Just a little thank you. I gave him some advice about your trip, you know? Your honeymoon. He wanted to know what you would like."
A couple of hours later, John leaned back in his chair at the kitchen table, the remains of a rudimentary dinner on a plate to his left, laptop screen glowing in the darkened room as he read the case write-up one last time before posting. He wondered what Sherlock would make of it.
"It is what it is, yeah? And what it is, is shit." John pulled his arm out of Mark's grasp. He stumbled a bit, and put his hand out, steadying himself against the florist's doorframe. A woman stared at them through the shop window. John stared back until she turned away. "I hate this."
He steeled himself before going to the next photo. A longer shot, also from the low camera at the front of the house.
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other, then walked toward John, as handsome as any groom, as thunderously beautiful as the sky before a storm. He crawled up over the foot of the bed, up over John, his cock dragging against John's crotch as he straddled him, avoiding the area above John's knee, where John's injury throbbed in time to his quickening pulse.
A fine mist of rain began to fall, chilling the back of John's neck. He tugged his scarf closer. Blue; soft. Posh. It was one of Sherlock's, taken from Sherlock's wardrobe. The last thing John took, before he left Baker Street for good.
John gasped and his orgasm crashed over him, and even as he came on Mark's belly, even as he collapsed into Mark's warm, strong arms, he knew that the dream wasn't just a blip, an error spat out by his subconscious.
"It's all right for me to be here?" He meant it in as many ways as possible. "Mark said you told him it's probably safe now."
John studied the box for a moment longer. He liked the idea of the cameras recording to a device, but he didn't want to use his phone. He left it lying around the flat too often. William waited patiently, while John ran through a hasty, and mildly guilt-inducing, mental calculation. He should trust Mark. He did, really, all things considered. It wasn't that he needed to hide all of this from him. It was that he needed to get some control over his own life and situation.
John let go first, his face flushed. He took a step back. There would be time for more, later, when John had sorted out his life, when he was ready to do things properly. Sherlock smiled down at the pavement. Silently, he turned and unlocked the door, stepped inside, and closed it behind him, leaving John alone.
Mark approached him, and moved around to John's side of the desk, taking his time. He leaned down, and pressed his lips to John's, his kiss slow, and deliberate.
Mark swung John around with ease. John felt his feet tangle, but the moment he imagined he might fall, he found himself sitting again, deposited back in the chair. The lights strobed on the dance floor, making him feel heavy with sleep.
There was something mad, and madly romantic, John thought, about looking for a long lost, never completed, tube station, especially one containing a missing train carriage, primed to explode.
Sherlock was comparing himself to Mark. Trying to rationalise, perhaps, John's choice to stick with him. John thought back to the conversation over dinner, Sherlock's claims about being there for John. Maybe he'd been trying to make a case for himself. Maybe trying to understand how he'd ended up on the outside.
The weeks following John's brief exercise in spycraft passed in a thick fog, marked by the low, quiet grind of persistent routine, and a feeling he couldn't manage to escape, that somehow his life had gone sideways.
A visceral memory moved through him, of him and Sherlock, standing in this very hallway, leaning against the wall, breathless after their chase through London, on the first night. How giddy he'd felt. How alive, after the heavy, stale sadness that had marked him for so long. He hadn't needed his cane. He'd only needed Sherlock, more and more of Sherlock, and the luminous danger of their time together.
"It's a complete secret to nearly everyone else, except certain members of my homeless network. Which means it's safe, for now. A place where we could meet and not worry about giving whoever's after you the idea that we're still close."
John handed the wine list back. "Well, surprise me." The man needed to go away, do his job. John was on the verge of breaking into a giggle. He could hardly have Mark coming down the stairs to find him with a lap full of exuberant waiter.
After the shower, he checked in the mirror to make sure the scratch wasn't oozing, and patted it dry carefully with a tissue. With a towel wrapped around his waist, he moved into the bedroom, seeking fresh clothes.
John stumbled, legs collapsing. He sat down hard on the kitchen floor, where he slumped, and covered his mouth with his hands. He let himself fall apart, let his total frustration and grief and anger carry him away, burn him up until there was nothing left.
He reminded himself to focus, to stay alert to all the details as he continued to work through the photos, one by one. Most of them were snaps of his neighbours as they passed by the front of the flat. There were five pictures in a row of a sparrow that had landed in the lattice in front of the camera in the back garden, and three of the top of the postman's head.
Steeped in the logic of the dream, he reached for the warm body beside him, expecting, somehow, to find Sherlock there, still slack with sleep.
He would have to break Sherlock's heart. John suspected that Sherlock would let him, all too readily.
Suddenly, John wanted to vomit. He stopped walking and put his hands on his knees, breathing deeply, struggling to keep hold of himself.
. Mark, wide-eyed, speaking softly, had told him that Sherlock was just looking out for him, that the plan to keep them separate was for his own safety. John had lost his temper.
He remembered the racquet bag, and laughed. "Kids into playing squash in the middle of the night, then?" He imagined there would be an excuse for that as well—a quick morning game so Mark could wake himself up, Jill living right by the club—of course, of course. An explanation for everything, offered before John even had a chance to ask.
John took a step back, toward the door. He opened it, feeling like he'd just been put into a blender. He was halfway through, wrestling with the buttons of his coat, pulling his gloves out of his pocket, when he found himself speaking.
He kept expecting himself to feel better about it. It was supposed to be a good thing, being known, being understood, but the more he thought about it, the less he was able to reconcile that conversation with what he and Mark had together, with who Mark was. The affable, extroverted nurse didn't seem compatible with the man who was not only at ease with what John had done, but seemed, somehow, to admire it. The fact of that conversation sat like a scab that John couldn't avoid picking.
"Well, good." John cleared his throat, soldiering on. "Because Sherlock, I want you to know, I really do want you to be there."
Mark studied John, head tilted. "When do you want to?" There were dark circles under his eyes, but they were sparkling, happy. The last little while had taken its toll.
Sherlock looked down at it, eyebrow raised, although he kept his voice gentle. "Pre-wedding jitters. Perfectly normal."
"Still maintaining the mystery, then?" John tried not to shudder as Mark came to him, and put his arm around John's shoulders.
John pushed away from the counter, turning both of them, so Mark's back was pressed against the hard edges of the corner. He leaned in, and offered Mark a cynical smile. "You've been a busy boy, haven't you?"
He hadn't thought anything like a fresh start was possible, when Mark had first come to work at the clinic. He'd been stuck, in those days, skirting the bitter edge between extreme self neglect and suicide.
John was on his feet, and tearing off across the road, Sherlock following close on his heels. The man was holding up his camera, and sliding his arm around behind Bainbridge. Too close. Much too close.
Across the park, a gang of starlings chattered and picked their way among the fallen leaves. He put the papers aside, weighing them down with a stone from the edge of the path, leaving them for someone else to read. He'd only wanted them for the confirmation that Sherlock was really back, so he could relax a bit, knowing that he hadn't had some sort of psychological break, that he hadn't hallucinated the entire thing.
A sinking feeling rolled through him, like he was in an elevator, the cables of which had been suddenly cut. He took a deep breath, and let it out slowly.
"Ah." Sherlock stood in the centre of the room, his head bent, his posture defeated. For a long moment, silence reigned, and John grew certain that the conversation was over, that he'd reached Sherlock's limit. So soon.
After that, he'd run mental calculations over and over, trying to see any fault in his own thinking. He and Mark were, as far as he could tell, still in a fixed position. The fact that Mark hadn't gone after Sherlock yet meant that he probably wouldn't. If John was right about the purpose of the wedding, then Sherlock would have to be alive to see it. Mark himself seemed bent on a game of his own, simultaneously counting on John to go through with everything, while becoming less and less concerned about hiding who he really was.
Yet, standing next to the man who would soon take him home, who shared his bed and with whom John tried to share his life, as best he could—he felt like he was cheating, like he was betraying Sherlock, who should have been this, who could have been, if Sherlock had wanted it, if he'd only wanted John, taken John, for everything he was worth. Not much, perhaps, but John wondered, every day, if he could have been enough.
He looped through neighbourhoods just like his, fingers gripping the handlebars of his bike with more tension than was necessary, the wind blowing cold in his face. Just a short time ago, he'd felt like he was dissolving into normality, becoming one with the bland domesticity of the suburbs. Each house he passed, with its Christmas lights and warm interior glow, represented lives built, families nurtured and cared for.
In the four days since the train carriage, his initial shock had settled into an empty, hollow feeling in his chest, a constant sense that the air was leaving the room. Sometimes he couldn't stop running through the details of the things Sherlock had said, the way he'd begged John to forgive him, the way he'd told John he didn't want him to die. Then John was filled with a thick, gruesome self loathing, as he understood that he'd been so carried away that he'd failed, utterly, to listen to what Sherlock was really saying.
John went around the corner to the hallway that led to the loos, but moved past the door to the gents, and out into the cold January night.
With a sudden jolt of clarity, of inspiration, he knew exactly what he wanted to do with his evening. He wrote:
At the same time, hope tore through him like a sharp blade, as he scrambled through the implications of Sherlock's question. Sherlock had sounded just like a man asking for advice:
John moved to his chair, shifted the Union Jack pillow so that it would sit squarely in the small of his back, and sat. He couldn't look at Sherlock's face, and say what he needed to say, so he watched Sherlock's knees, instead. They bounced a little, then stilled.
Sherlock took it, squeezing it as if he were hanging on for dear life. Everyone at the tables around them was staring, a couple of people typing away on their phones. Sherlock Holmes, not dead, and back in London. John expected the news would hit the papers tomorrow.
"Ah, that's what we're just trying to figure out," John said. "Skipped off for a bit, but you know, I'm sure he'll be back."
John could barely recognise him anymore, could barely see the man he'd imagined he wanted to marry. He remembered the day leading up to their dinner at the Landmark, how nervous he'd been, how jagged the edges of his life, of his heart, and how he'd wished, so fervently, that they could become smooth.
"That's right." John's throat constricted, his voice tight, but he managed to continue talking. "You died. And I thought I would, too. I didn't. Somehow, I didn't. And six months ago, there he was." He couldn't say Mark's name. For some reason he couldn't say it. "It was better with him there, and so I started something with him." He trailed off. He couldn't say more than that. He'd been as clear as he could. "So here we are."
The one saving grace in all of it, through the first third of the month, was that their routine went back to normal, or at least, as close as it could, with Christmas coming up, and the wedding. Mark spent weekend mornings at the gym once more, and added a couple of extra racquetball games to his routine during the week. He went out to run some errands on his own. (
"That's just it," Sherlock said, looking out the window again. "They're trying to get to me, by harming you. Threatening you."
Wordlessly, John rolled, facing Mark, pushing his way into Mark's arms. He was hard from the dream, just about at the bursting point, and he needed—he needed. He stripped off his t shirt as he climbed on top of Mark, straddling him, the pale skin of Mark's chest shining in the dim light from the hallway. When Mark had moved in, he'd put nightlights in strategic places, aimed at helping John orient when he woke in the night, helping him remember where he was, and with whom. He could see Mark, now, by their pale glow. He closed his eyes.
He did feel better than he had, though, physically. He got his feet on the floor, and stood, and stretched, enjoying the fact that there was no trace of the dizziness that had dogged him since the early part of November. He wondered if he'd been dealing with some sort of neck strain, from the bonfire, that had perhaps impinged on a nerve. Maybe he'd been fighting some kind of low level virus.
theimprobableone, who had always been more than a bit creepy on the blog, despite being occasionally useful:
John arrived, breathless, at the corner of Warwick and Beak, to find no one there. He'd spent the tube ride over working himself up. He wanted, more than anything, an evening of the old magic, Sherlock keeping him on his heels again, sending him on some dizzy adventure that would end with the two of them, together, even just for a little while.
He hadn't texted ahead, to let Sherlock know he was coming. Somehow, that would have put too much pressure on the evening. Too official, like he needed an appointment.
"Yes, John. God, yes! Oh my God." Mark's breath clenched in his throat, and he came like a fountain over John's hand, and he shuddered, clutching John's waist, his shoulder.
John stepped back to look down at himself. "Stain?" he said, at the exact moment Bill jostled him, spilling his beer down John's front.
One night, the two of them went out for drinks with the nurses, sort of an impromptu engagement party, after work. Mark was positively sparkling, enjoying showing off for them, making even John laugh with his stories about his misspent youth, his time in foster care, and the year he'd spent in America as a teenager. At one point, he went to the bar to get them drinks, and when John turned to look for him, a few moments later, he saw him with his phone to his ear, talking rapidly into it, his expression serious.
). Likewise, I have stressed the monumental impact Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson had on both organisations, even though Dr Watson himself kept, first, because of the secrecy and later, it seems, out of modesty, silent on the topic in his ‘
“I'm not an informant.” Sherlock waves his hand. “And not a decoy. And why would I even try to get you talking if I already knew who your contact with the underground abolitionists is?.. Contact me if there's anything I can do.” He lifts a business card out of his pocket and hands it over. “My master, Dr John Watson, takes private cases for my services.”
His delight evaporates the same instant his jaw is met with a hardy fist. The blow is nasty, hurtful; one might very well say goodbye to his teeth after a couple of blows like this. Out of pure reflex he turns round to get his assailant back twice as hard when an excruciating burning pain in his neck incapacitates him. All of it - the face and the neck - is so crushingly abhorrent that he drops straight to the ground, knees hitting the cool tiles, his forehead the stone floor.
“John,” she says cheerfully, if a bit stiffly, as if masking her confusion (does it very well, Sherlock had no idea she's such a good actress). “I'm so glad you've managed to drop by at last, it's been ages! Come in, I'll introduce you to Martin.”
Sherlock inhales through his nose and grits his teeth. Frowns: the loose tooth pierces his jaw with blinding pain. The timing's bloody inconvenient. Fine. Let's deal with that tooth. Body is transport, but even transport needs to be seen to occasionally. He won't go to a municipal dentist, though. Not even for John.
“So you agreed to commit a crime helping a slave to escape?” There’s a sincere curiosity in the interrogator's voice. Or something close to it.
“It's not sprained, you faker. Probably just pulled a ligament. Put some ice on it and let it rest.”
In short, John isn't expecting any trouble and is not surprised when Sherlock isn't at home when he returns.
“It will be difficult to remove later. The skin's delicate there. The lower arm is better. Near the wrist. Then you can just to turn up your sleeve for the police check.”
“What dream?” John asks with a strange, irrational, and uncharacteristic to him, feeling of foreboding.
Getting to the Underground also turns out to be a challenge – several times John has to stop,  recite the multiplication table and hold his hand to his chest. Thankfully, Londoners are a patient folk and simply go round. Only one young man who, John thinks, looks like a med student (Sherlock's methods starting working for him?) asks him if he's all right.
They are sitting in the two chairs that are still in their usual places, one of them is Mrs Hudson's, the other they've decided to just leave. Sherlock is reading, John is pretending to.
Sherlock has always noticed more details than other people. Even as a child. Sometimes Sherlock's thought process does probably resemble the thought process of so called normal people (in everything but the speed of course). Although this calculation - a fictional variable in any case - is taking into account the general narrative patterns displayed in books and film, which might not even correspond to the normal majority's thought process.
He leads her back into the kitchen. Reflexively Sherlock reaches for the old curved-edged fridge, but aborts – their landlady has such a sad pair of eyes on her that he suddenly remembers being admonished in childhood about eating while other people spoke about their feelings, even if his chewing adequately expresses his attitude towards them.
The octopi are now turning into a jelly-like substance and are slowly creeping into his ears. The sounds have become muddy and heavy.
“What about the... people we've put this whole act up for...” John licks his lips nervously. “Won't they find it suspicious?”
They spar right there in the living room for about ten minutes - until they have to stop the lunacy and it’s all John's fault – he should have warned Sherlock that tickling him in the ribs sends him into fits of uncontrollable laughter, but there's nothing to be done about that now.
Unfortunately there’s only so far one can push it. It’s like fishing: once you get it on the hook – just hold on! Thankfully, when Sherlock calls him an idiot during dinner for the third time, John seems to feel better.
Recently though, his behaviour has become even stranger: he goes outside more infrequently, and for some reason has installed security bars on his second floor windows. Her nephew claims that while climbing into the neighbour's garden (motivated by a healthy dose of natural teenager curiosity), he heard Russian being spoken by a male voice in the house.
“Are you sure, sir?” a quiet voice utters. In John's inflamed brain such fine-tuned respectful pauses can only come out of a very well-trained personal assistant of a government official. “He could be faking it.”
John would have been spitting and seething had anyone used that condescending tone with him. She could be talking to a very slow child. How come Sherlock hasn't chewed her up yet? Or is he still playing at whatever he was playing at before... Or... What's wrong with him?
Now he feels completely ashamed of himself and moreover, the quarterly report somehow seems to have a strong anti-magnetic field around it, so he says, “Fine, let's go outside.”
“I was planning on faking my death and going into hiding.” Sherlock perches himself on the edge of the sofa, near John. “It might have been a more sensible way. Less painful.”
Every question feels like tentacles of an octopus on his body. John has no idea if he's hallucinating or if they really breed the rubbery little buggers in this basement. The vile feelers are trying to force themselves into his mouth and nose, jab him mockingly in the corners of his eyes, their object obviously tearing the glass-like organs out with their muscles and nerves intact. But when John closes his eyes they blast the bright light in his face and tear open his eyelids.
“I won't let this vociferous, brainless rabble drive me out of my city!” he growls leaping up from the sofa. “All my life I've lived as I wish, and I'm not going to allow anyone to force us into laying low, going underground, hiding from a society that isn't even worth it that you rack your brains over it, much less me! Especially when I haven't even paid back the people who've driven us into this trap!”
Pointless endeavour. Highly irrational, fruitless and potentially harmful. A lapse in judgement of simply colossal proportions considering his experience and intellect. Genius needs an audience, but he already has one that's a lot more appreciative. Pound is not a parterre, not even a silly gallery with its open cavity. He's no one. He's less than no one. A nasty insect. An insect can sting, true – but what's the point in squelching under your boot each and every poisonous pest in a tropical forest?
“Sherlock didn't tell me anything specific! He told me to go to Switzerland, get some documents from a contact and deliver them where I was told. I thought he was preparing his escape! He was all covered in bruises like a boxing bag, for Christ's sake! I've always thought that John was kidding when he kept saying that he wants to punch Sherlock, but hell!..”
Yes, he was right about the man. John, on the other hand, obviously has to brace himself at hearing the words. Apparently, other people can't read John's face as well as Sherlock can. His former friend and current owner looks as if he is being tortured.
“I'm not going to hit you,” John snaps. “And I won't allow any repeat sessions on the stairs either.”
“Operating under the enemy's nose is my brother's favourite method,” Holmes mutters. “Besides, there's a good chance no one will ever know that you left your room at all. You are sure to be watched, but this is probably a too simple way for them to discover. I deeded to see you. You are my only source from England right now.” 'To hear about Sherlock,' Greg translates. “Which after-effects are you experiencing?”
It was about here that John noticed how all the traces of guilt gradually vanished from Sherlock’s tone and he continued in his usual excitement of explaining a puzzle.
John is quite confident that it will take some time for Sherlock to find a good enough flat, because despite his pointed attitude towards his body as transport, he's actually very particular when it comes to his personal comfort. Nevertheless it is no more than a week after their memorable discussion on the topic that Sherlock announces they are moving at the end of the same month.
“Opium in his Kaalan and hashish at most, I think.” She shakes her head. “No needle marks... at least on his arms. He was naked above the waist.”
“You can hit me,” Sherlock says calmly. “By this point it would only be right. I used you without your consent, forced you through some extremely painful experiences, but the worst of all is that you still cannot get rid of me. At least not in a way which wouldn’t contradict your moral code.”
Sherlock is chocking with anger and bewilderment. It's absurd... why would he... After all, it's not John, who's a slave! It's not his freedom being restricted!
Sherlock's plenteous life experience hasn't prepared him for this kind of situation. He had never thought that this crowd would be worse than the recidivists with whom he'd been forced to share a cell or two in the past. Armed robbers and bandits did not end up in the 'general category'; they were sent straight to factories and mines. Therefore the set had to be compiled of former clerks (embezzlers and debtors), blue collars (domestic abusers), the homeless, most of whom would certainly be less vicious...
“When did you come out of a coma?” Greg moves on. “Why are you in Switzerland and what do you want from me?”
“See,” the woman in a blue uniform skirt and a white blouse says in a sweet voice. “Your master's come for you, Sherlock. Come now, say hello. You know, like it shows on the poster, remember?”
The shock on John's face is replaced by understanding after the former officer glances around and sees that all the thin doors in the feline-stinking corridor have peep holes. Sherlock practically sees the block letters 'CONSPIRACY' appearing on John's forehead.
Despite the residual effects of the drug, John takes the night train to Newcastle. He even has the presence of mind to grab the collar and the money along with the documents. On the train he crashes into deep sleep, but is thankfully woken up in time. Then he somehow manages to crash again at the station while standing up: he rests leaning on the wall and with a hot dog in his hand. When the clock finally strikes eight, he starts clambering up the newly frosted steep, narrow streets of ancient Newcastle. Fortunately, the office for capturing strays and slaves (or whatever its name was) is situated, as promised by the map he bought at the station, not far.
Maybe this trip to Scotland was a good indicator of Mark's state of mind. Maybe there was something more behind it.
This really was the best time, the best moment for him and Sherlock to talk. Mark, occupied with dressing himself, and forced to wait on his own side of the church before the ceremony, wouldn't even know they'd had a moment together. John had gone over what he wanted to say, and what he needed to say, to Sherlock, so many times in the last few hours, he was certain he could fill an entire day, a week, with it. He checked the time on his phone: twenty minutes to go before the ceremony. It would have to be enough.
"Well, someone had to talk to him. One of us had to know what was going on. You weren't, so what was he supposed to do? What was I supposed to do?"
John laughed, a little, for lack of anything better to do, feeling his face flush, avoiding asking the obvious questions. Sherlock knew everything about him. Of course he did. Their lives had always been entangled. He didn't feel the embarrassment he imagined he would. There was no shame in this. Just a slowly unfurling, and very welcome, and probably inappropriate relief.
Mark let out a noise, then, like he'd been holding his breath for a long time, and had finally been able to let it go. He pulled John into a hug, and held him, while John swallowed bitterness, and stroked Mark's back, and tried to imagine what sort of calculations were flying through Mark's mind, that he could seem so invested, so sincere, while lying to John with every molecule of his being.
Just like that, without any chance to stop it, John's facade slipped. "What?" He regretted the question immediately, wondering if there were some way to take it back.
Sherlock would have to watch the wedding go forward, would have to accept his role as friend, as best man. And, if John was right, if Sherlock did have feelings for him, then John would have to block them, put him off, somehow, until he could sort it out.
He was standing, mouth open, wondering if Sherlock had maybe, just maybe, given him the most romantic gift he'd ever received, as Arthur Davies helped John into the suit coat, and watched, as John did up the buttons.
"Given the fact that you're a target, I thought it best to create the illusion that you were having a normal stag night, while ensuring that you yourself are out of the way. Mike Stamford and Graham Lestrade are currently out at the pub with your sister, along with a member of my homeless network who bears a strong resemblance to you, at least in stature and capacity to consume alcohol."
Sherlock wasn't listening. "I wasn't supposed to live. If I'd died, they would have left you alone. I didn't finish what I started, couldn't find them all. The network, it isn't a network at all. It's too nebulous, too big."
. He'd called Tom his ex, the man he'd been with before he'd met John. John felt a dropping sensation in the pit of his belly, the first real fear he'd felt since the bonfire. Mark had killed the man he'd previously described as his partner.
Back in the flat, Mark made scrambled eggs and toast. He brought the food into the sitting room on mismatched plates.
As John rode his bike home on Friday after work, still steeped in bile and the sense that he'd been jilted, some mechanism had clicked into place, some internal rebellion had been staged, and he'd begun to think about the scheme more strategically.
"Oh yes." She pulled herself up into a taller stance, tucking in her chin and deepening her voice. "John doesn't take sugar in his coffee, but he takes milk and sugar in his tea. Let's watch this program about NASA. John thinks I should know about this stuff." She giggled and waved her hand at him. "Talks to you when you're not here. You know."
The man looked like another one of Sherlock's collection of misfits, but he spoke with a quiet authority and dignity, and as he pulled away from the kerb and merged seamlessly into traffic, John relaxed a bit. He held the phone back up to his ear. "Are you still there?" he asked, wanting to hear Sherlock's voice one more time. And again, and again, until the day he died.
John remembered how uncertain he'd been, himself, when Mark first kissed him, and he wondered if he'd found the answer to his question, about whether Sherlock had ever done anything like this before. Perhaps not. Perhaps never. It didn't matter. None of it mattered.
In the mirror behind him, the vicar's things crowded around him in a jumble: his desk, piled with papers; a worn, tweedy sofa, over which John had draped the garment bag containing his suit; a bookshelf filled with everything from pulp science fiction novels to books on different world religions, as well as a range of books on Christian spirituality. The clutter was a comfort to John, giving him a familiar feeling, like he was halfway back to home, at 221B.
"That's right." John spoke slowly. He didn't know what he should say. "Lots of people do that. Meet at work."
Now, everything was different. Now, he wasn't dancing. Now, he was counting on Sherlock to save him, so John could save them both, and the circle could be complete, and the thing that had haunted the two of them since that very first case could finally be finished.
Mark shifted in his chair, and cleared his throat, not quite objecting. Things between Mark and Harry were awkward. John had thought, before he'd introduced them, that they would get along. They both had the same rough, aggressively cheerful temperaments, when they were in company. At the very least, he'd have expected his relationship with Mark to give Harry an opportunity to crow a bit. Instead, the couple of times they'd gotten together, the two of them had behaved like a pair of hissing housecats.
From this close, John could smell the soap that Sherlock used, the herbal scent of his shampoo, could hear the rustle of the fabric of his suit, as he shifted restlessly. John's heart stuttered in his chest. "The same press who tore you to pieces?"
John pulled him down again, and pressed his cheek to Sherlock's, and held him close, one arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist, the other over his shoulder.
As for the dangerous game that was still going on all around them, well. So long as he didn't remove himself from it, he supposed he could still be a player.
John watched Mark's face, his placid expression, in the dim half light of the early autumn dusk. He looked like a bit of a stranger.
John didn't recognise the pale, scruffy man who had shuffled up behind him in a tattered knit jumper and jogging pants. "Sorry?"
A long, rough-looking track, wide enough to drive on, cut along the edge of the trees to the left, then moved off into the distance. Perhaps that was the way Mark had driven, just now, on his way to the
John nodded. "Maybe he wants me to confront him. Maybe break my promise to go with him. It's just another game of cat and mouse. He knows I can't refuse him."
"Well, you did." John swiped at his eyes, feeling a thousand things all at once. It was all right, he decided, to make space for himself, to allow himself some time for it to all sink in. He looked at Mark: his anchor point, his partner. His sense of new normality. "I think we should go home. Can you give me a moment?"
Small had arranged to be at John's wedding, under the assumption that Sholto would be there. A call to Anika revealed that she had hired Small as part of a package deal, through the reception venue. He was going to be the photographer.
Mark stroked him, and John joined his hand to Mark's, their fingers tangling, John speeding things along, pumping himself as fast as he could. His breath, harsh and ragged and panting, was the only sound in the room for a long, tenuous moment. John didn't care what else happened. He only wanted the oblivion of orgasm, to wash the dream of Sherlock out of his system.
He expected a conversation. Sherlock didn't offer one, but took John's plate, and placed it in the kitchen sink, then led him to the bathroom where they both brushed their teeth, watching each other in the mirror. John tried his best not to look like he wanted to eat Sherlock alive. He did want to, every night, for the rest of their lives. Sherlock smiled softly, and took the toothbrush from John's hand, and put it back in the glass in the medicine cabinet. He helped him into the bedroom, wordless, the wiry muscle of his arm holding John tightly. He deposited John on the bed, helped him lean back against the pillows, then padded back down the hall to the sitting room, returning with the Union Jack cushion from John's chair, which he slipped under John's injured leg.
"He's a nurse," Sherlock said. He stared into the empty fireplace, contemplating the soot, as if it held answers he couldn't fathom for himself.
Anika studied her computer screen, clicked through a few options, then picked up the phone. Ten minutes later, she'd booked a small venue for the wedding and reception just after the new year, on January 4
The notes ran on, revealing incredible levels of detail and consideration. John's chest clenched at one of them:
The rest of the morning and the first part of the afternoon seemed to go both too quickly and achingly slowly. John couldn't stop thinking about Mark's racquet bag, about the dangerous weapon he had, in all probability, brought to work. On the other hand, he was full of anticipation for tonight's party, knowing that if he could just see Sherlock one more time, everything might somehow be okay. He would, at the very least, be able to remember what he was fighting for.
John tried not to stare at him as Sherlock opened containers, which held rice, and some sort of vegetable stew, and bread. Finally, Sherlock sat, and looked at John, eyebrows raised, expression soft, lips pressed together in a sweet, gentle smile, before he cast his eyes downward, and folded his hands on the table.
"No!" she said, crinkling her nose. "No! It was just a whirlwind thing for us. We had a fantastic time, but of course I didn't know what he was up to." Her voice dropped into a whisper. "The drugs."
He stepped away from the mirror, covered his eyes with his hand, and leaned against the wall, the towel rack digging painfully into his lower back. He smiled, despite himself. He understood what he wanted, better than he ever had before, and that should count for something, even if what he wanted could never be. The idea of hurting Mark, of dismantling their relationship, was impossible to contemplate.
Sherlock looked flattened in his black suit jacket, his face pale, his eyes downcast. "I thought I would make an impression," he said. "Surprise you."
He'd thought, after Sherlock died, that the answer was to build something completely different, a safe haven of quiet domesticity. Something he could rely on. He'd tried to sink into this life with Mark. He'd leaned on it, harder than he should have. He'd wanted it to be enough.
Sherlock reached down for the mug of tea on the table, picked it up and took a long sip. John fought a sharp intake of breath. It was the one the eye had fallen into.
He'd slept like he'd taken something. Like he'd been given something. He'd thought he was sick. He'd run blood tests to see if there was anything wrong, but he'd never run a tox screen.
He'd contacted Mark then, too. He'd set up this whole thing: the press, here to report on the aversion of the terrorist threat, and Mark, here to pose for pictures with John. To make it clear that the two of them were a couple. That he and Sherlock weren't. To put distance between them, so John would be safe.
"After all we went through." Her voice was strained. The lines around her eyes were a little deeper. She looked pale.
"Didn't work, whatever I did," John said. He had started to shake, his teeth chattering. Shock. "He still died."
Mark shrugged. "I think they're more excited about it than I am, to be honest. They won't stop talking about the wedding. I keep telling them it's going to be small, just friends on both sides, and your sister. She's still coming, right?"
"Oh," she said, looking down into her mug. "That was supposed to be a secret." She looked over her shoulder, and leaned over the desk to whisper at him conspiratorially. "Don't tell him I let the cat out of the bag. He'll absolutely murder me."
John went to the table, and sat, feeling as though he needed to be very cautious, very still, for fear of upsetting some balance, or ruining whatever Sherlock had planned. For his part, Sherlock was moving like he was trying not to spill something. John watched as he lifted the folded blanket he'd used as insulation. He poured wine for them, then took a candle from the desk, produced a lighter from his suit jacket pocket, and lit it, placing it on the table between them.
John suspected that Mark was just as tired as John was, of hiding his real identity, who he really was, what he really knew. Perhaps he was only waiting to see whether John would confront him, how far he would have to go, before John broke.
At least he had clarity. Bitter bile rose up in his mouth. He swallowed against it, and the metallic flavour that came with it. If Sherlock decided it was safe, when he decided it was safe, they might, someday, carry on with some semblance of what they'd had before. They might, eventually, be partners in Sherlock's work again.
Sherlock was contrite, polite. As he bloody well should be. He would give room to John, and whatever John wanted. And John knew exactly what he should want: to follow through on what he'd started, ask Mark to marry him, and get on with his life.
Once he was in the loo, he leaned on the counter, breathing hard, avoiding looking at himself in the mirror. He splashed cold water on his face, drying it on the hem of his shirt. He went through the mechanics of changing his clothes, having a bit of a wash, applying fresh deodorant, smoothing his hair with his fingertips. When he was finally ready, he faced himself. He looked all right. Pale, but passable.
Slowly, her frown turned into a tremulous smile, and she nodded, and looked up at him. "Do you want to go have a look upstairs?"
Then Sherlock was breathing life against John's lips, and pressing a slow, gentle kiss there. John shuddered as he responded, cold and warm all at once, his limbs trembling with the shock of his injury and the revelation unfolding between the two of them, their agreement:
Sherlock smiled and nodded, as if finally catching his breath. "No." As if making some internal decision, he tore off a piece of bread, spooned stew onto it, and took a few bites.
As he put his phone away in his pocket, he was full, suddenly, of bleak suspicions about Mark. He took a deep breath, and let it out. Mark, who was out with the nurses. Was supposed to be.
"So you see," Mark told John, taking a step back, and lowering the gun. "There's nowhere you can go. Nothing you can do. I can take you anywhere, and do anything to you, and no one will believe you, because as far as they're concerned, you're no one. Just a former soldier who's been done in by the war. No one wants to know you even exist. They don't want to look at you. You've disappeared."
John was still furious. At the same time, he felt wrung out, worn down. It wasn't Mark he should be angry at. It was Sherlock, who'd responded to John's confession by viewing him as another piece on his personal chessboard.
At the station his guard signs a journal on a cracked desk, where a same sex fornication has taken place at least three times. Then Sherlock is passed on to another guard, who (married, two children, a lover) jabs his fat finger into the base of Sherlock's neck, just under the collar. Yes, he should have lowered his head. Forgot. The detective has had a chance to imitate a slave before and knows very well how to conduct himself in that kind of situations. Shouldn't have got distracted. His thoughts seem to have scattered all over his traitorous mind just to hide from the reality of his situation.
The door to the kitchen closes and they hear running water. Now Sherlock finally has an opportunity to voice the reason he undertook this whole venture with the letter from Delhi.
“Name your price and I'll pay it.” Sherlock shrugs. “But I'm not going to join the abolitionists. I'm extremely selfish, you see...”
“Sparring is fine,” John decides. “I can do that. But this time I'm not going to hit you in the face.”
“'Oh my God, poor Sherlock, he so fragile, I'm not going to nag at him to put his papers away until his ears bleed, nor tell him to do the dishes, lest he be reminded of being a slave one more time! I'd better mollycoddle him like a sick child; let him get used to following my orders gently and then he'll be so much easier to control. Thank God, I have a chance at managing him now!'”
Nevertheless, Sherlock doesn't want to give up and at first is delighted to hear John's shout of 'stop the thief' behind him. He figures that even discounting the security, at this time of day there should be plenty of young tough lads in the shopping centre who'd be overjoyed with the opportunity...
The logistics of lips, teeth and tongue, as it turns out, call for some working out, but on the whole...
“Files. Cases. I called them bombs, because they always... exploded and Sherlock... I could lose him at any time, you know... They all wanted to take him from me... Mycroft wanted to take him from me, too, but in the end he didn't protect him, oh no, and now it's only me...”
No, idiotic thoughts: John is trustworthy, Desai's taken and her overall character also suggests loyalty as a strong trait. Besides, a mere fifteen minutes alone is unlikely to evoke any strong feelings. And still the fact remains: who in their right mind would choose some City lawyer if they could have John Watson!
“I'm touched by your sentiment,” Sherlock bits out somewhat venomously, “but I'd advise not to call any extra attention to our situation. It would be somewhat excessive.”
John cuts him off. “Everything you can tell me, Sherlock. Everything that I absolutely can't know, you keep to yourself, agreed? That you will tell me later.”
“Perhaps...” John starts, glancing uncertainly between the cage and the half-open pub door, with a dim golden light and soft chatter coming through. “Look… You know, down the street...”
The letter itself, in John's opinion, looks very strange: the envelope is of an unfamiliar yellowish paper, covered in fancy colourful stamps; the sender's address is written in symbols that look more ornamental than meaningful. At first glance John thinks it's Arabic, but later realises it must be Sanskrit. He even raised it to his nose when Sherlock wasn't looking -  for a moment he'd thought that it smelled of spices, tea and exotic fruit. Like greetings from childhood: from books about the treasures of Maharajahs and pirates.
Finally! Thank you for waiting, whoever did and subscribed. I know  it was along wait, but the story is not abandoned, I'm in the middle of the third chapter now. I'm also grateful to everyone who's reviewed. For some reason after a couple of thoughtful remarks from the readers my working speed rises. I know it doesn't make sense, but it's true. :)
“It's a mistake,” he says, “it's a mistake, you misunderstood. It wasn't me! Let me go! John, where are you?”
“Are you aware that Mycroft Holmes is presently in a coma which makes him absolutely unable to, shall we say, cash in? And are you aware that Sherlock Holmes, as a slave, is in no position to complain about anything to anyone, let alone testify against a police inspector?”
Near the hospital Sherlock suddenly says, “If you allow, Master, I can... go in by myself. You go on to the clinic, don't trouble yourself.”
He's ready fight for it, feels his body going tense already, but to his surprise Sherlock doesn't even raise his eyebrow.
Yes, he owns a slave himself. A woman, probably elderly, probably a family possession. No young females for him - a jealous wife and not enough income. But he's itching for it. Undoubtedly he has his own ideas about the reasons John is purchasing Sherlock. It's quite normal nowadays, they say.
“Come on, John. Pull yourself together! There's no way I can seem as an efficient and obliging slave – it's psychologically unsound. John, I need you to take a room for a day. That's all. Let me see...” He takes John's wallet. “Yes, that'll be enough. Shame you didn't buy return tickets, but it still will be enough.”
“It's not that I don't care,” Sherlock corrects him, “I fully agree with your disapproval and it's by no means a recent shift in paradigm either. I've just never cared for individual slaves. To be just – it's true for free people too.”
Fleetingly, Sherlock wonders why John isn't sitting yet; thankfully his confusion lasts only a moment, otherwise he would have started doubting his mental abilities. Of course he's not sitting, when Sherlock himself is still standing and gawking at the interior, although he can already list all the most important events in Dr Desai's life for the last five years and name (with a fifty pound accuracy) the monthly sum she gives out of her pocket to 'charity', but which actually goes for 'the cause'.
