"Stop thinking. Just follow the music, and look at your wife. You'll know what to do." John opened his mouth and gave Sherlock a look. Then he closed it again and gave a rueful smile.
Mr Shadid takes the cake back and places it beside Will's violin on the piano without comment.
After a break, the class is divided into two groups: a large mass of younger children, and a smaller body of older children with which Will is placed.
John shook off his thoughts but Martha noted happily that the warmth in John's demeanor remained. "Oh, that's what was so odd about us taking this. When Peterson was leaving work the other night, he saw a scuffle in the road, and interrupted a robbery." He watched her place the bottle back in the pot and shook his head. "We should pick up a bottle warmer for you."
Two heads turned to look toward the kitchen. Very alike smiles lit up on very dis-similar faces.
Sherlock was rarely surprised. An exception was the depths of the bonds he felt for those he truly loved. Those things his mind did not anticipate. Thankfully, his heart was open wide enough for him to accept it when it found him. His challenge was to acknowledge the feelings. His defenses closed tight and he fell back again and again into denial and rebuff of the reaching arms of others. Few were those who broke through. Chief among them, John and Rosie Watson.
Third, and most surprising, Sherlock was glad and relieved to have him here.
“I love you, you sweet little thing. And if your fathers ever get too worried about you, let them know I’ll be looking out for you. Okay?”
"Wait, let me this time, my love." He heard Sherlock's in-drawn breath at his words. John slowly opened his shirt and laid it aside. He touched Sherlock's chest reverently with his hand. Reading a history of brutality carved into his lover's flesh.
(See the end of the chapter for
The family enjoyed their breakfast and planned out their schedule for the day. A trip to the park, kite in hand, was in the offing. The parents debated the contents of the picnic hamper, while young Watson came down decidedly in favor of cold chicken and ice lollies from a vendor, but leaving the rest up to her parents. She returned to the music stand and her notes after being politely dismissed. John, lingering with Sherlock over fresh cups of tea and comfortably entangled feet beneath the table, watched her with some concern.
You stupid git, you don't get to tell me what I need. I need to dance with my best friend and that's final.
“Love,” John said quietly. Sherlock didn’t look at him. John went on, “What is it?”
“Prejudices.”
“John, don’t wait. Neither of you has to let love pass you by.”
“Hemi,” he prompted, “Then repeat..”
"Soon," Sherlock said, gathering his quivering insides into some semblance of dignity.
The door to the room opens. A tall, dark haired man and matching slender child with curly hair enter. The boy holds a violin case tightly to him. The man smiles down at him encouragingly and motions towards the group.
"Forget it, John. It's a pleasure. Now tell me more about this robbery. Was anyone hurt?"
Sherlock gazed back, a different sort of sadness lighting his eyes for a moment. Then, gratitude dawned, keen and kindly.
"Maybe in your circles. That would have gotten me basted in primary school."
"Exactly, John. I think I spoke more truthfully than I intended when I told you I was married to my work."
Sherlock nodded. He put his face in his hands for a moment taking in the truth of that statement with his whole self. Then he looked up. A twinkle appeared in his eye. "Can you ask him if he's too tired to learn another song? There's a composition of my own that I made for a friend, I'd love to share..."
Rosie was a bit droopy sitting on John’s lap. She had been let run at the park after all, courtesy of Aunt Molls. Mrs. Hudson peeped at them, cautious about being clocked by sleepy little eyes, but drawn in all the same.
“You said I did not belong.”
"No, I mean Watson may be nonbinary, or transgender, or something else. Or 'she' may be appropriate. It's just not for us to say."
"On the board of several banks and one hospital, I believe." John exhaled sharply. "He also had a wealthy family to bail him out.
Waltz. - SH
John felt that disrupted, surreal feeling he'd often get with a first kiss. The bare physicality of it strange. The dull thud of matter. He often found some stray detail would derail his mind. Maybe an odd smell of soured milk, a too wet mouth or uncomfortably dry tongue. All too often his emotions bounced off at this point. When the lovely hypotheticals of enjoying a person's company turned into the truth of offering and asking such closeness from someone he, well, liked just fine. Or thought was a right looker. But so far from touching his heart that they might as well be exchanging fluids by spitting in their hands. So many times he'd had the realization that the core of him was already conquered. Sherlock's possessive occupation of 221B stretching far beyond. Into John's thoughts, his daily life, his admirations and affections. Even his dreams. And most certainly, all encompassing, into his heart. And now, his arms.
"I can't say I mind at all, but Watson--" The detective tightened hands where they lay on John's shoulder and arse cheek despite his words as John dipped below the neckline and undid an additional button. Sherlock groaned as John wedded hip to groin, and John's mouth enveloped his newly exposed nipple. "John, this is torture."
"Oh thank you!" John let go of his breath and a measure of the tension he'd been carrying. "It's brilliant of you to do this at the drop of a hat. I just had time to give her the jarred stuff, but she's very interested in real food, so I'm sure she'll eat more for you." He accepted a cup of coffee as they conferred about formula and nappies. John encouraged her to rummage 221B if she needed anything.
"Hardly. It's getting light already."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock ran through the piece once again, going on memory. He had yet to find the name of the song the Roma musician had taught him, much less an arrangement of it. He considered once again what it would involve to return to Romania.
The future tenants were thrilled to benefit. John was leaving behind all the living room and kitchen furnishings. The matching dressers Mary had picked out for them. And the bed. John had been sleeping on the day bed in Rosie's room for months. He had barely stepped foot in the bedroom except for clothes, since Mary had made what he now accepted was her final exit from their lives.
"I was worried about you, too." Grey green eyes tilted up, met cerulean blue. Silent communication crossed the space between them. Sherlock stood and leaned towards John whose eyes softened and lips went slack, until a thought crossed the doctor's mind and his body stiffened. He attempted to take a swift step backwards, but his ankles remained trapped by the pooled trousers at his feet and sent him tumbling down.
you are still there then. i know it won't be the same. but Mary gets to have me in her bed for the rest of our lives.
Watson was sleepily pleased to be brought back upstairs by her Dada. They thanked an extremely smug looking Mrs Hudson for her care and toasted the New Year with her. They suffered through the implicit 'I told you so' laughing on her lips as she saluted their little family, along with "better sound insulation for the flats" in the coming year.  John left pleased but flushed with embarrassment, clutching his daughter like a shield to his chest. Sherlock exchanged winks with Mrs Hudson, then tried to shake off the feeling of unreality as he climbed the stairs in the wake of the Watsons.
"That's not how we do things here. We're trying to feel the rhythm."
The violin was soft to his gentle touch. Seeking permission he put it beneath his chin and plucked the strings. He tried to remember a part of the melody from the song just played. A bright smile from his companion told him he'd gained point. He was handed the bow and they spent the next little while over the strings together. One sipping warming beer and humming loud enough to be heard over a fast lubricating room; the other trying hard to hear and replicating what he could from memory of that hallowed song. Laughter over mistakes warmed Sherlock as much as moments of triumph when he found the trail of the melody.
She watched John’s body lean towards Sherlock. She saw the detective not notice as he looked away, attempting to stifle the emotions surging to the surface.
"Thank you."
“Hypocrite,” she chided Sherlock lovingly when he insisted, remembering the many times he’d fought them bringing him to proper care.
From downstairs, the sounds of a door opening and male voices were heard. Mrs. Hudson kissed Rosie on the crown of her head, then laid her back down on the bed.
The fire burned low. Explosions rocked the Nakatomi Plaza. John McClane ran barefoot across broken glass. John made a joke about a case Sherlock had investigated shoeless. Sherlock harrumphed from where he lay, now curled up beneath the blanket. But John was rather sure he saw a smile on his face. Agile toes pinched John's trousers and tugged. John felt a warm glow in his belly.
"Here." The man shoved the bottles of homebrew toward him. "Don't overthink it. Just go visit him. He wants to see you."
country house before returning to her classes. She had worked with her musical father to create a slate of pieces and schedule for practice. Early morning hours allowed for family time that included John during the day. One wall of Rosie’s room was slowly being consumed with charts and plans for this and her other objectives. It had been an actual fight for John to insist on her blocking out--at minimum--two days per week where there was no scheduled activity, not even outings with her
"I realized that night I was attracted to you. The following months were agonizing, realizing how much more I wanted but thinking the line had been drawn."
"That's why you fell into the cake then?"
Humor lit Sherlock's eye. He put on a standoffish air. "About time, John." Rolled his eyes. "Could have done that a few years ago and saved us all some trouble."
After some time, Sherlock gathered himself. He settled Martha’s body. Adjusting small needless details as if to make her more comfortable or presentable.  She watched him, wishing she could reassure him. Before he went back upstairs, he laid a kiss on her forehead, above her softly closed eyes.
International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), a multi-national coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan. In 2006, elements of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, the successor to the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers which Watson enlisted with, were engaged in the Battle of Nawzad. This fight lasted 107 days, and forced most of the residents of the area to flee. ISAF forces remained to defend remote outposts. Conflict continued in this region for years. I'm compressing time to imagine this region is where John received the injury that sent him home.
After Sherlock was shot (he was fond of this particular passive tense, to think of that night as when Mary shot Sherlock felt too much like his own heart was being torn in two), he moved back to Baker Street and into his old room.
“Bullshit. You’re always thinking. Trying to work out the right angle, the right story, the right
That was when Kate noticed the man standing slightly behind Holmes off to his left. Roughly the same age, shorter, nice looking in a comfortable sweater sort of way. She restarted the clip and concentrated on him this time. Throughout the interview, he didn’t move, didn’t take his eyes off Holmes. He reminded her of a political wife – the kind that stands beside her husband while he confesses to the world that he can’t keep his dick in his pants. When Sherlock Holmes had answered, “Only a select few,” she saw him flinch and look away for a moment. She replayed a few more times to be sure.
Again, he heard Molly hesitate.
“No one is.” Even Mycroft, his concern as false as his smile, had stopped hovering.
“I don’t want any fucking tea! I want the truth.” Her voice cracked and for a moment John thought she was about to cry.
She saw him hesitate, but he stood and turned back to face the stairs. “Sherlock?” he shouted. When Sherlock didn’t answer, he swore loudly and took the stairs two at a time. “Sherlock!”
The rest. Loaded sentence in this town. “So, Sherlock got shot at CAM – I recognize that name.” She sifted through a maze of vague memories until she found the right one. “I saw a story about the CEO on CBC last year. How he was giving Rupert Murdoch a run for his money. Michealson?”
“And what should my vice be, Dr. Watson?”
“What if I just drive? You let me know if you think of somewhere you’d like to go.”
“In here.” The voice came from Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I’ve seen the way John looks at Sherlock. Are they –”
She looked again at Mary Morstan’s smiling face.
“You were there. At the hotel. We were . . .”
“Do you know if she went alone?”
“You should write it down, give it a name.”
“Let’s?
Sherlock smoked three cigarettes on the way to Earl’s Court. He googled David Sutton. Boring. Pedestrian. Looked up his latest scientific articles on PubMed. The one thing that gave Sherlock a glimmer of hope was the fact that Sutton had written an article last year for the Sunday Times about famous Victorian poisoners. The leap from that to shooting John in the leg was cavernous. But in the absence of any other leads, it was a leap Sherlock was willing to consider. He looked at his watch.   Almost midnight.  He tore the watch off his wrist and stuffed it into the pocket of the Belstaff.
The tea did help and John wondered if it was too late to change his will and leave everything to Banks. He yawned and leaned his head against Sherlock and felt himself drifting off. If he had to die today, then driving around London in the back seat of a fancy car with Sherlock’s arm wrapped around his shoulders was not a bad way to go.
I take a tissue from the box on the dresser and pick up the picture. I stare at it, my brain stubbornly refusing to draw conclusions. Fiona Miller in a bikini. Palm trees. Fruity drinks with small umbrellas. Our client leaning across the table to kiss her. On the lips. I look behind me, to make sure Sherlock is still in the lounge. Because I want to find something on my own? Because I want to prove him wrong?  Because all men are ten-year-old boys at heart?
“Everyone has a choice. Mary had a choice. You had a choice. And you chose to lie. Over and over and over again.” John walked into the living room and turned around. “Even when you came back, you didn’t . . .” His breath came in short painful gasps. “You let me
I duck under his arms and walk to the apartment door. “I’m not convinced Fiona Miller was murdered anywhere. I think Fiona is exactly where Washburn says she is – on a beach in Portugal. Probably right now in the company of one Charlotta Ivanovna
She was starting to think of the couch as her spot – she’d spent enough hours sitting there over the last few days. She found the file after John had left to fetch Sherlock from the hospital and had been very interested to read how he’d figured out that the suspect had borrowed his sister’s shoes to avoid detection. She would have to remember that one.
He hung up before he said something stupid, like
“This weekend. Why here?”
“Jesus, Donovan.”
Damn. “Sure. Past my bedtime anyway. Good night.” She slipped past John, grabbed her suitcase and headed upstairs. She paused when she heard John speak.
Molly handed the GC printout to Sherlock. “It was definitely heroin. More than enough to kill Bellamy.”
John turned and glared at her. “Uh, Kate, think I can have a minute alone with Sherlock?”
They ate in silence for a bit. Kate watched John count every bite that went into Sherlock’s mouth. Greg’s phone rang twice, but he turned it off both times. She got up and was looking for champagne glasses when she heard John slam down his hand on the table.
“The one Mycroft gave me? What was it – his Christmas list?” He slipped into one of Sherlock’s robes and looked down. It came depressingly down to his ankles.
John stopped. “She’d never hurt me. She’s not a monster.” He hoped he sounded surer than he felt.
Sherlock ignored him and continued. “He’s trained to look for the quick in and out. A coup de main, if you will. A swift and lethal response when a more measured approach is called for.”
Sherlock unfolded and sat forward. “It was not what I expected, but your actions would indicate that everything is . . .”
“If you say ‘nevertheless’ again, I will punch you. Pearce was a bully and a hooligan. He should never have been in the army. I won’t apologize for having him tossed out.”
"Nothing.” His grin gets wider and Sherlock’s scowl gets deeper, but John wisely stays silent. It has taken a few years, but he’s finally mastered the fine art of knowing when to shut it. Sherlock, not so much.
“Doubting me. Doubting us. Wallowing.”
“I’m sure.”
She sipped her tea and scrolled through the news on her phone. Hockey, politics, more hockey. The Senators had made the playoffs by the skin of their teeth and were fighting off elimination by the Rangers.  She scrolled some more, settling on a Huffington Post article about One Direction.  She still nursed a not-so-secret crush on Harry Styles.
John sat on the bed. “There was no trace of Mary or Moriarty in Ottawa. Honestly, I don’t think Moriarty was ever here. She left the baby with her parents, as I guess you know.”
“Shut up. He did us both a favour. You’ll have to be nice to him for a while.”
“Sherlock?”
*****
Sherlock ordered another beer. To pass the time, he ran profiles in his head of the waitress (married, former prostitute, going to school in the evenings), the couple at the next table (co-workers, about to start an affair, the younger girl was deaf in her left ear), the dog tied by its leash to the door (half poodle, half mutt, lived with a short-haired white dog, possibly another poodle). Boredom wasn’t new to Sherlock, but this odd aching feeling he had – as if he’d misplaced a part of himself – this was new.
But what did Hannah Bantry in the Pantry or Wee Willy Winkie have to do with John? How were these silly pieces of macabre children’s nonsense connected to soldiers in Afghanistan? Or to him? Whoever sent them was rubbish at scavenger hunts.
daughter? I thought . . .”
When Sherlock woke up, the room was still half-dark and he was cold.
“Fuck fuck fuck,” Sherlock repeated. “Fuck.” He slammed his open fist against the door.
“A bit low, don’t you think? Even for a copper?” He shook his head and sagged down on the steps.
“Watch him for me,” John said. He disappeared into the bedroom and came back with a syringe.
It felt like coming home.
“Where are we going?”
Something Pearce said to him once was nagging at the back of John’s mind. It would probably turn out to be nothing, but at the moment, it was all he had.
“Inspector Bryant?”
John let go of his wrist. Sherlock laid the pin on the dresser and walked to the chair across from the bed and sat down.
“No, it’s fine. You should stay. You can have the room upstairs. I’ll stay with Sherlock.” His face coloured. “To keep an eye on him.”
“I’m not taking new cases,” he answered without looking up.
she typed. Her finger hovered over the send button. She shook her head and hit cancel before she could change her mind. Threw the phone back in her purse.
But now she was glad she was alone – except for two old ladies discreetly looking her way as they strolled past. She wiped her eyes with the scarf and gave them a nod. They smiled and carried on. She took a deep breath and slipped the ring off her finger, putting it on the opposite hand.
“You came back.” John says.
Sherlock could hear the excitement in Lestrade’s voice. There was no way he was getting off the phone very soon.
“Oh, there will be punishments, Sherlock,” he said as he closed the bedroom door with his foot. “And I wouldn’t call them pedestrian, either.”
The black sedan idling at the kerb ten feet ahead should have surprised him, but didn’t. He stopped, hands on his hips. Kate was right – his life
Sherlock sat. He crossed his legs, and then uncrossed them. He picked at a loose thread on the armrest. He chewed on his lower lip. He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his jacket pocket. John mouthed “no” and Sherlock put them back.
Sherlock took a sip of coffee. “So what do I have to say that gets you off my back and out of here as quickly as possible?”
Sherlock frowned. “This is none of your business.”
“Did you text Mycroft?” She was no fan of Sherlock’s brother, but maybe he was exactly what John needed. Assuming a smack upside the head was out of the question.
She was about to answer when Mrs. Hudson appeared at the doorway with the tea. “I brought some biscuits too. Shortbread.” She looked at Sherlock and smiled indulgently. “Sherlock loves his biscuits. Don’t you, dear?”
“You are still convalescing. I will look into it.”
When Molly spoke, her voice was stronger. “It’s just that . . . how certain are you that this is about Sherlock?”
Sometimes, usually late at night or when he’d had too many whiskeys and too little sleep, he let himself believe that if Sherlock had chosen to live, if he’d found the courage to face the mess Moriarty had left behind, they might have had a chance together. . .
Sherlock shook his head. “I never guess. She knew.”
he realized with a start. And if he were honest with himself, it had all gone wonky the minute Sherlock returned. The wedding had been nice, the honeymoon nicer. How many chances did one get to upstage Sherlock Holmes? But the picket fence future he had clung to those first nights with Mary, when she had rescued him from the endless nights without Sherlock, had all seemed moot the moment Sherlock appeared in front of him, champagne bottle in hand, saying all the wrong things, in all the right ways.
Sherlock paused when he got to the top of the stairs. He could hear someone in the kitchen and opened the door to find Lestrade, filling the kettle with water. He took three cups from the cupboard and set them on the kitchen table. “John’s gone up to change. I suggest you do the same.”
He tried to explain that to her.
“What?”
“Brought on by your visit, Inspector Bryant.”
He gave her a small half-smile. “Noted.”
. If it weren’t for the accents, he could be back in London.  He turned it off and lay back on the bed, hands pressed to his face.
is the better question.”
John slipped into the bed beside him, shivering in the breeze from the open window. Sherlock tugged the sheet over them, wrapped both arms around John and pulled him close. “Stay with me,” he whispered, then kissed John lightly on the lips before falling back to sleep.
The screen morphed into icons against a screenshot of the London Eye. She sat up, leaned her elbows against the arms of the chair, and went to work. She was wide awake now. She finally had something tangible to work with.
“Why?”
“And what piqued the RCMP’s interest after all time?” John asked.
The room depressed him. The bed was unmade, the old blanket and single pillow lay across the sheets like an afterthought. After Sherlock had died (John had never learned how to switch out “died” for “fallen” in his head), he’d stripped the walls, packed his boxes, drawn the curtains. Moving back into this room had left him with the odd feeling of falling back in time. Back to the wrong time.
Sherlock lifted his head and smiled at John. A real smile. A scary smile. “There is the matter of punishment.”
“I’ll take the sofa,” Sherlock offered.
Sherlock talked and John listened. When Sherlock was done, John leaned forward and laid one hand on his knee. “You still should have told me, you bloody selfish twat.”
Sherlock picked at a loose thread in the blanket.
“It’s our life,” Sherlock said.
“Oi, finally—”
And another an hour ago –
He was deciding whether to turn on the lamp and read when the bedroom door opened suddenly, silently. Sherlock knew that whoever was there couldn’t see him in the dark, so maybe he could get the jump on him before . . .
“Kudos to you both. The point?” Sherlock prompted.
websiteunder the headline, “Local man charged in child pornography scandal.” It was dated two weeks before Griffiths’ suicide. The paper was one of Magnussen’s.
“But please, John, for Sherlock. Just read it. You’re upset now because of things you didn’t know. I’m giving you the opportunity to acquire that knowledge. To make a decision based on what you know, not what you think you know.”
in her top drawer. He hadn’t told anyone yet, but he’d begun to have his doubts about Father Christmas, too.
She laid a hand on his arm. “You saw what he wanted you to see.”
She watched him drive away and tried to fight off the sinking feeling that she was in way over her head.
Giant pregnant Mary returns . . . “Wait, you’re certain it was Anna, your daughter?  It’s been a long time.”
“We’re almost there.” Sherlock rubbed John’s back. “Is this helping?”
The place had not improved. Old men still dozed in worn armchairs, and one twitched as John passed, like a dog dreaming of rabbits. The smell of stale cigarette smoke, dirty bodies and something John imagined was regret still permeated the lobby. A woman lazily passed a dirty mop over the floor, leaving swirling patterns of drying grime in its wake.
She stood and he held out one hand. “Phone.”
During that narrow window of happiness between first having Sherlock and first losing him, he forgot about the list. He had what he wanted – what he needed – and although it involved far too many near-death experiences for his liking, it seemed a fair trade.
“Get your coat,” John said.
John sank into the chair. He unfolded the crumpled paper and tried to focus on the words. He added blurred vision to his catalogue of symptoms.
“Now I have a daughter. Who deserves a father who can manage to get her bike fixed before she outgrows it.”
I ring the doorbell. We should probably suss out if someone is home before we break in.
“You look . . . well,” he said, sounding vaguely disappointed.
“If I hadn’t returned, he’d still be with her. Happily, I believe. Looking forward to the birth of their child. How many times can I . . . and still expect –” He stopped and took a long breath. “Have you ever lost anyone, Kate?” His voice was thick.
She could hear John in the kitchen running the water. Probably making more damned tea. It was like living through an episode of
“I don’t know, John. I don’t know.” Then he kind of disappears into his head and doesn't say anything else.
John closed his eyes against the wave of nausea. He bent over and tried to breathe. Sherlock paused in his monologue and laid a hand on John’s back.
Sherlock was still in his chair when John came downstairs wearing a jumper the colour of mushy peas. Sherlock was capital T thinking, legs crossed and hands steepled under his chin. It was past six and he listened as John prowled the kitchen, opening and closing cupboard doors, standing in front of the open fridge, tapping his fingers against the door. He picked up the empty kettle, sighed and put it back on the burner. Sherlock heard paper rustling and John came back into the living room with a stack of cream crackers in one hand.
Mycroft pulled Sherlock into the hallway.
“OK, no tea.” He laid a hand on her arm and she jerked away. “Just sit and tell us what’s happened.”
“So you believe we’ll survive Christmas? I wish I shared your optimism.”
“Why are you still talking?” John’s back was tight, his shoulders high. “This has nothing to do with you.”
“It was a mistake.”
“What explanation could she give, John? She is exactly what Moriarty made her.”
“Room 114.” The desk clerk handed him the key card and two yellow and black striped plastic bracelets. They looked like colourful versions of the ones worn by hospital patients. “These are for the “Magic of Beekeeping” tour tomorrow morning. The tour was booked and prepaid at the time of the reservation.”
“It’s a common enough name,” Sherlock said casually. He took a bite of John’s toast.
“Oh, now I’m making you miserable?” John stood. “I think I should go make tea.”
When John didn’t come back, she cleared away the sandwich wrappers and chip bags. She tore a page from her notebook and scribbled a note, “
“John?” She laid a hand on his shoulder and he looked up.
John frowned and took a sip of tea. “Besides, I knew you’d be out in a minute to complain about the hoovering. But Mrs. Hudson sent up biscuits and told you to behave – she’s got company coming later.”
“Then whose fucking place was it?” John swallowed the rest of his drink and looked at Sherlock. “Would you have ever told me?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but said nothing.
John turned back from the window. “Sherlock, answer Kate – are you okay?” He walked over and laid a hand on Sherlock’s forehead.
“We’ve got another nursery rhyme,” she said. “They found it Bellamy’s pocket.” She handed Greg the bag.
Lestrade looked at John, who just shrugged. “Don’t ask me.”
“A five at the most. Lestrade knew better than to give it to me. I solved it over the phone.”
off the list.”
“Unfortunately, it’s not that simple. Someone else knows Mary Morstan’s history. Names, dates, locations. Someone in a position to do a great deal of damage.”
“Well, I guess I should tell you that Mary’s pregnant.”
“Prudent, since she’s an assassin. An extremely successful assassin, I might add.”
John was eight when his grandmother – his mother’s mother – died.  He understood death by then – he’d seen the stillborn calf Daisy had that spring, but like all bad things in life, he never expected it could happen to his family.
“Well, not here right now exactly.”
*****
“It’s fine, Molly. You’re doing fine.”
Sherlock started to speak, but John held up a hand.
He reached for John’s hand. “Despite evidence to the contrary, I do not have all the answers.” He pulled John to his chest. “But I do know we have a better chance of exploring this . . . development more thoroughly if we are not in the A and E being treated for pneumonia.” He kissed John quickly on the lips and tugged him toward the door.
He hailed the next cab that turned onto Baker Street, climbed into the back and pulled the door shut.
Sherlock held up a hand. “Don’t ask me how he is. Just tell me what to do next.”
“Brilliant?”
There was an uncomfortable silence. Kate fought the urge to walk down the hall and wake up Holmes herself. She’d passed the nervous stage and was quickly moving to impatient.
In 6 months
John smiled. “Different.”
Sherlock sighed beside her. “Can we sit? I am not prepared to lay bare all the bits of my soul while walking by a Starbucks.”
“Oh, come on, you know what I mean. If this were just some case I brought you – some random poisoning of some random citizen . . .”
“Did you know Sarah had a US savings account?”
“Fucking hell . . .” Kate squirmed in her chair. It had to be telepathy. She hadn’t said a word. “Contrary to your giant ego, I came to see you about Moriarty.”
Chapter titles are all from Leonard Cohen's song "Everybody Knows".
He looked at her. “Did you tell him?” he said.
John said, “Of course I believe you,” and you knew then you’d carry the weight of that belief forever.
Greg left not long after John. She walked him to the door and they stood on the landing for a few minutes, talking.
“On your kitchen table. And if you start rubbing your hands together in glee or some other kind of bullshit, you will never see it.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!” Greg explodes. “Just once, can you leave me the goddamn punch line?”
no obvious motive. The investigators concluded it was an attempted carjacking. The unsub – unidentified subject – must have shot Goodale when he resisted, got scared and ran off. He still had his wallet and keys.”
Sherlock’s fingers flew over the keys. He nodded toward the table and John set the teacup to the side and peered over Sherlock’s shoulder. He recognized the names of the files – cases he had written up for his blog. Some published, some waiting to be, some never to be.
I wonder if this is how Sherlock feels when it happens to him – I can almost feel the gears in my brain clicking into place as it all comes together as the brilliant ending to a much better TV show where the angsty detectives are  never clueless and discover all the clues and all the murderers.
“I love you,” he said to John.
that? I said that out loud once and Sherlock laughed and proceeded to tell me why in exquisite detail. So for a week after, I refused to do that thing I do with my tongue that he especially likes.  I meant not to do it for two weeks, but it turns out I especially like it too.
Sherlock frowned at Lestrade.
John nodded. “Dangerous job, that.”
“We are good.” John said.
“I saw her with my own eyes, Inspector. She came to visit us.”
“Shut up.”
Mycroft reached over and grabbed John by the collar. It shocked him so much he forgot everything he was going to say.
“What about him?”
“Voxcross? No idea, really.” She turned back to the computer.
Sherlock shook his head wearily, but John said, “Enough.” He lifted the sleeve of Sherlock’s robe and injected the contents of the syringe into his arm.
“Just a bit of hoovering, dear. I didn’t think you’d mind.” She patted Sherlock on the chest. “Some things need to be gone over again you know.” She winked at Sherlock and leaned down to pick up teacups from the bedside table. “We don’t quite get them right the first time.” She handed John the vacuum and turned towards the door.
John and Sherlock beat Lestrade to the address in Battersea by a good ten minutes. John recognised the building as soon as they pulled up. A month ago, he and Sherlock had spent two days that felt like two weeks sitting in the lobby, tracking the comings and goings of Rhys Davies, counterfeiter and former coal miner from Pontypridd.
Mycroft peered at the article and shook his head. “A coincidence, surely.”
Sherlock sat straighter in his chair. “There are seven possible outcomes to this plan. Each with its own probability.”
She held up the can. “I’m good.” Kate walked back into the living room. She felt even more out of place than ever. John puttered in the kitchen, waiting for the water to boil, and she stood halfway between Sherlock’s chair and the door. Her suitcase was shoved behind the couch, her purse stuck under the coffee table, her Diet Pepsi cans standing in a perfect row.
“Excellent.” He reached in his jacket pocket and handed her an envelope. “I’ve taken the liberty of arranging your flight home. You will leave tomorrow morning.”
“Then why the nursery rhymes?”
“If I agree to this . . .”
changed.
She hesitated. Looked around the empty room and the room service menu lying on the bed.
“Well you figured wrong. Not interested.” Sherlock clicked off the phone and turned to see John staring at him.
He didn’t bother opening the fridge. He saw a Speedy’s take-away menu on top of a stack of blue file folders, and shut his eyes. Everything ached. His eyelids felt like sandpaper as they scraped open again and he tossed the menu on the table. He glanced at the files, didn’t recognize the handwriting, the little post-it tags hanging off in rigid single file.
John smiled and drew him closer, tilting his head to press his lips just under Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock kissed him, long and deep and low.
“I’m coming with you. Admit it, this is the most interesting case we’ve had in months.”
John turned, his hands fisted at his side, his chest heaving. He spoke soft and low. “Unless one of you says something,
,” she laughed. When he looked confused, she explained. “TV show.”
She hadn’t been sure what to do. She’d crept to the door of Sherlock’s bedroom, listened for a bit to the murmured tones, punctuated by Sherlock’s protests
Kate swallowed and ran a hand across her forehead. “Yeah, I know.”
“You’re taking the mick, aren’t you?”
His sister had lived with Lauren in Edinburgh for almost two years now – Lauren had somehow managed to do what no one else had been able to, give her a reason to stay sober for longer than it took for dust to settle on a corkscrew.  Harry said (when she said anything at all about it) that Lauren always saw in her the person Harry wanted to be, so it was easy to become that for her. It sounded like a bit of touchy-feely nonsense to John, but Harry hadn’t had a drink in almost two years, so there must be something to it.
The grip around his neck loosened and the car door held open for him. John looked back (and up) and his pride was relieved to see that Anthea’s replacement was clearly military – tall, wide and well-trained. John straightened his jacket and stepped into the car. The door closed and Mycroft smiled at him.
Her anger had fizzled, giving way to something darker, more disturbing. If John and Sherlock hadn’t told anyone about the Anna/Mary/Moriarty connection, then who did? Even she didn’t know about Mary’s past until last night. If the text wasn’t from Mary, who else knew about her past? Who would want to keep Mary’s name from coming up in a murder investigation? One that could see her extradited back to Canada.
“Every single thing.  Admit it.”
Sherlock frowned. “Why?”
Sherlock ignored him and led him out of the room.
Subject: Birthday
The tea was cooling quickly in the cold air and she asked the waitress for another pot.
“I need to rest,” he protested, but she could tell he was curious. He would always be curious.
She resisted to the urge to feel his forehead for a fever. What was it about Sherlock that alternately made her want to hug him and smack him? “Can we keep going or do you need a break?”
Sherlock lifted his hand. “We have to do no such thing. You invited me to your room. You
“And are you?”
She turned around in the middle of the sidewalk, heading back downtown. This time she was not going to be distracted by scones, or scarves, or anything else Sherlock Holmes wanted to throw her way. She texted Chloe that she’d be late for dinner. Again.
I dream about my father. We walk together again in the woods, his breath a frozen cloud against the endless blue.
“Thanks, but no. I’ve got to head out. Call me if you need anything,” Lestrade said. She wasn’t sure who he was talking to.
“Job?” I ask. “Your sister’s,” I add helpfully and Sherlock bites back a smile.
“Don’t be. It’s irritating.”
He made two cups of tea (the expensive brand his sister had sent him for Christmas that he’d been saving for . . . what exactly?) and carried one out to Sherlock.  He left the other cup on the counter – he’d tried to take a sip but his stomach had other ideas.
“You were in bed with me.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“She was old and tired,” she told him as she pulled the quilt over him. “God wanted her to rest.”
“Don’t be cheeky, Banks,” Sherlock said. “Take us home.”
“Inside.” Mycroft opened the door. “Quickly.”
She wasn’t sure at all. But she nodded.
“Shouldn’t we wait for Lestrade?” John asked.
“Yeah. Just checking.”
Sherlock walked to the living room and sank into his chair.
Harry touched his shoulder and he opened his eyes, she was telling him to come back inside. She had black smudges under each eye and he was touched that she had been crying, if not for Sherlock, then for him. He held out his arms and she stepped into his embrace. It was only later, during the reception in the church hall, when he heard her talking to Sally Donovan about “that selfish fucking bastard” that he realised it had been the rain, not grief that ruined her makeup.
He had no idea what she was talking about. She looked at him strangely and changed the subject. “You’re staying with Lauren and me and her parents, God help me, at the house tonight but we’ve booked rooms at the venue for everyone tomorrow night. You can use Lauren’s car while you’re here.”
When the wedding invitation arrived, John set the unopened envelope on the table beside the door and forgot about it. He was surprised they had bothered to send him a formal invitation, since as best man, his presence was pretty much a sure thing. Harry had asked him minutes after she and Lauren announced their engagement at Christmas dinner. Saying yes was the easiest decision he’d made in a long time.
They were in Sherlock’s bedroom without noticing they had moved through the flat, leaving a trail of trousers and shirts and pants behind them. John pushed Sherlock back on the bed and Sherlock arched under him just as John’s mouth landed on his lower stomach. His tongue traced across his skin and Sherlock shuddered. John ran his tongue, slow and deliberate, up the length of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock’s hands were laced in John’s hair and when John finally took him into his mouth, Sherlock pulled him closer and tightened his hands against his arse.
John will look down at the box and up at Sherlock.
Sherlock checked his watch. Less than four hours, then. It was never enough.
He breathed in and let the cold air fill his lungs. Some days he felt like a plant kept too long out of the sun, wilted and faded. He whistled again and heard Graham bark in the distance.
“I suspect it was easy. And possibly exciting.”
Sherlock tensed. "It's that . . . it’s that I don't think I can do this."
“Bad news?” Sherlock held John’s hand away from his head. “Some hockey score not to your liking?”
“I’m not sure how much longer . . .”
“Good lord, John. I always thought these sorts of places were apocryphal. Who would suspect that people actually pay money to drink here?” He used a handkerchief to pull out the chair. “May I?”
He smiled and danced at John’s wedding. Pledged his undying love and loyalty. Two years undercover had made him an excellent liar. He left well before the last dance. Quarter notes on a page the only evidence that he’d been there at all. Another successful extraction.
Sherlock stared out the window. When he turned back, the look on his face let Mycroft know he had won. And lost. Mycroft nodded to the driver and the car pulled away from the hotel.
She nods and glances down the hallway. “The blog makes you out to be the nice one. Bit of an exaggeration, don’t you think?”
Kate held up a finger. “One, you were wrong about Magnussen.”
“Bollocks.”
“If you and I . . . if we . . . it can’t be like it was before. Not after everything that’s happened.”
She was still holding the ring in her hand and now she opened her fist and stared at it. “I need to go home.”
John sighed and felt the anger blow out of him. He sat, put his elbows on the table and rested his head on his hands. All he’d wanted to do for months now was wrap his arms around Sherlock and hang onto him, to stop them both from falling through the cracks. It had taken so long to find him again and now here was Sherlock, scheming to throw it all away.
His phone pinged in response.
She took a nervous sounding breath. “Sherlock and Greg dismissed Bellamy as a dead end. But I don’t think he is.”
“You should talk.”
Five minutes into the service, as the last notes of the organ prelude faded, John knew it was a mistake.  But it was too late to do anything but live through it. Which, when he thought about it, was pretty much how he approached everything lately.
“Like John witnessed yours. Yet here you sit.”
Sherlock turned and looked at John. “I’d rather be nice to you. Though I’m not quite sure what entails.”
“She’s good, John,” and squeezes his hand. “Really. If you must worry about something, worry about that one.” She lifts her chin towards Sherlock. “He’s bound to say something inappropriate eventually.”
John spoke first. “Sit down, Kate.” He led her to the bed and she sat on the edge, still staring at Sherlock.
“I was explaining to John that it is imperative we retrieve whatever information Magnussen has about Mary. That is the only way John will be ever be safe.”
“Yeah, sure.” John’s father used to say that there was no such thing as bad beer. Some were just better than others. “Beer
“You’re not. You’re concerned for . . . the boys . . . and you want to help them. I want to help them too.”
“Maybe you should let me talk to him. You can be rather –“
“If you need your notes, then you’ve already disappointed me.”
“Then talk to him. Tell him how you feel.”
is your plan? I don’t know if I can . . .” John’s voice collapsed. He looked up and Sherlock was watching him, and John caught his breath, because Sherlock looked perfect in that moment, all pure blue eyes and dark hair and clean hollows and suddenly he felt a small warmth expanding in his chest, finding its way through his veins to his heart, settling into his blood and bones. He trusted him.
“Am I allowed to ask where it came from? And why you are so determined to make it mine?”
“He’s not out of the woods yet, not by a long shot. But he’s awake and asking for you.”
“Later.”
“Moriarty?” he said as casually as he could.
His phone vibrated across the papers. Molly.
Sherlock’s eyes were sliding shut. She stopped talking and looked over at John, wondering if she should continue.
I dream about my mother kissing me good night. When I ask her if she loves me, she hugs me tightly and whispers in my ear, “To distraction, silly boy.”
He lowered the scone back to the plate. Raised an eyebrow. Waited.
“John,” John corrected.
Kate woke early. Barely six.  Sleeping upstairs was strange – the bed was comfortable enough, but the room was a depressing shrine to John’s unhappiness. His wedding ring in an ashtray on the dresser, his shirts and sweaters spilling out of an open suitcase, a half-empty bottle of Jameson on the floor by the bed. The walls were bare, dark outlines on the wallpaper where pictures had previously hung. He’d told Kate he’d moved out after Sherlock died, then returned after he found out about Mary. How long would it have taken him to return if Mary had been exactly who she claimed to be? Kate suspected John would have ended up back in Sherlock’s bed eventually.
played. John thought she’d been joking when she showed him the playlist. “I cannot be married without Florence + The Machine,” she said, daring him to criticise.
The top door is open, the flat dark.  His hand hovers over the switch for a moment, but he leaves the lights off – he can’t bear to see his own face in the mirror just yet. There's enough light from the street to find the half-empty bottle on the top shelf of the bookcase and to rinse a glass. He fills it too full, too quickly and the dark liquid leaves a small puddle on the counter when he lifts the glass to drink. He carries the bottle and glass to his chair and pours another. And another. The whiskey dulls the grief, but feeds the anger. He wants him back. He wants the truth. All of it. He wants a chance to point a finger, to call him a liar, to beg him to change his mind.
Then why did she call out Sarah’s name when she came?  Why was love so fucking complicated?
Surprisingly, it was Sherlock who kept the interview going. "This is coming to a point soon, I hope.”
“You mean John. This is more than a case, Sherlock. We’re all worried.”
Sherlock stood. “Yes, yes, that’s all well and good.”
“Yes, yes. Fine.” He steepled his hands under his chin and closed his eyes. “Begin.”
“Yes. A client has hired me to . . . to explore whether his business partner would consider a . . . rapprochement of sorts. Not my area.” Sherlock cleared his throat. “They had a falling out after one of the partners, the founding partner, did something . . . unforgivable.”
Sherlock frowned at him and leaned forward and put his hand on John’s knee. “He’s dead, John.”
“So you’re afraid if she’s arrested, she’ll talk. I can’t believe I’m going to ask this, but why haven’t you –” She hadn’t seen enough James Bond movies for this conversation. “—do what you people do? Remove her?”
“—you know who.” Sherlock finished.
John struggled to understand what she was saying. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock’s face gets a sort of "ah" expression and he smiles softly. "It's family, John."
using the antidote may leave you open to censure in the event that you did not do everything possible to achieve a positive outcome . . .”
She dragged a chair beside his bed and sat down. “We need to talk, Sherlock. Just you and me.”
There was a long silence. John and Sherlock stared at each other and Kate held her breath – she had no clue where this was going.
“We've got the antidote.”
She walked back to the chair and sat down. She left the notebook where it was and leaned forward. “Did you want him to be?”
“No. I did tell you . . .” She looked close to tears.
“Who was?”
until her mother caught them and banned Kate from the house.
“So, go on,” Kate said as they walked down the street, the sun still sneaking between the buildings, “why are you grateful to Moriarty for his little trick? Is that why Mary left? What about John? Don’t think I haven’t noticed that you haven’t mentioned him yet.”
“Ex-army?”
“Where’s the file?”
Playing chess
“Yes, details. Details are my . . .”
She sat up suddenly. The group was The Pretenders. The playlist was The Pretender. Singular. She powered up the phone again and found the playlist. Still password protected. Of course it was.
Sherlock looked better than she expected. But her expectations had been low, so anything not-dead was good.
“Well, John moved in the same day he met Sherlock. Though they weren’t . . . you know . . . until later.” She sipped her tea and laughed. “Later that night, if you judge by the noises coming from upstairs.” She shook her head. “Why John pretends otherwise, I’ll never understand.”
“Wait, you mean Anna – you’ve had contact with Anna?”
“He was . . . until he wasn’t.”
“No, you’ve been very patient.” The waiter appeared and cleared their dinner plates. He ordered dessert – two pieces of chocolate cake, two coffees. “Unless you want tea,” he added.
He hung up before she could answer.
And as always, to peg22 for holding my hand and filling in all the empty spaces on the page and in my heart.
Sherlock set the kettle on the stove top and turned. “Are you feeling ill?” He took a step toward John.
Kate threw up her hands. “Not everything is about you, John.” She turned back to Sherlock. “I need to know if you think Chloe is in danger.”
John stood and brushed the loose tobacco from his shirt. “No, Harry’s promised to read me the next chapter of
She was quiet – anything she said would have sounded trite and facile and false.
“What the hell have you done?” Sherlock repeated, his voice rising.
John took the paper and stared at Sherlock. “Seriously, what the hell are you on? Do I need to call Mycroft?”
“John was not responsible for your son’s death. He overdosed on heroin. In London.”
“She knew.”
“He wasn’t my boyfriend.”
“Mycroft?”
“It’s not an anomaly.”
over the last few months. “Did Mycroft send you to check up on me? I’m sure this part of London is far too dodgy for his nibs.”
He remembered everything that happened that first night – shooting the cabbie, the Chinese dinner after, the walk through the empty streets back to Baker Street, the slow climb up the stairs to the flat, the slower fall into the realisation that this was what he’d been waiting for.
“What about the money? The US account you found?”
“I’m not just going to sit here and wait to die.”
A light came on in the room next to the bedroom. The baby’s room. He and Mary hadn`t gotten as far as buying a cot or choosing colours, but they’d talked about moving the office downstairs to the alcove off the kitchen. It would be tight, but it was wasted space anyway and the bedroom upstairs faced south and with new a carpet and curtains . . .
“Oh, hello Kate.”
Sherlock looked up when he heard John clear his throat.
Greg saw Anderson walking toward his office. “Yeah, okay Molly. I’ll look into it. We’ll check out John, too. Although I’m not sure what good it’ll do. Let me know anything else. I’ll be on my mobile.”
Kate stared at her phone. Fuck. So Mary was alive. And had been in contact with her parents she hadn’t seen in over ten years. And had given birth to not John’s baby in Canada. And was gone again. If she could believe her mother. Which she knew she couldn’t. Every bit of her intuition was screaming at her, reaffirming everything she already knew. That Anna/Mary was probably still in Canada.  That Sherlock Holmes was a fucking liar. And that the sound she heard right before Mrs. Ashcroft ended the call was most certainly a baby.
John looked up. “You’re bleeding.” He reached out toward Sherlock’s neck.
The desk clerk was right – the room was lovely, the bed was lovely, the en suite was lovely – complete with Jacuzzi and a shower with more heads than he’d know what to do with – it was all fucking lovely. And the thought of spending a whole weekend in this lovely
Truth was, in those final awful/amazing months, he’d spent most of his nights in Sherlock’s bed, not this one. They’d danced around the truth for more than a year before they finally found themselves where everyone else thought they’d been all along. And because it had been so long in coming, so hard won, John had made the same mistake that all romantics do. He thought it would last forever.
There are bee hives in the orchard. Sherlock has taken charge of them and we have honey enough to last us through the winter. Each evening I watch him from the window, walking sure and steady back to the cottage, backlit by the setting sun, and know I will never ask for anything more.
She shook her head and walked down the hall. She’d call tomorrow and invite them – all three of them – to dinner at her place. She couldn’t believe it. Sherlock Holmes with a baby. She pushed the elevator button and leaned against the wall. It had been a long day. She twirled Sarah’s ring on her finger, reached for the phone in her pocket and called Chloe.
“Let’s get through the next few hours. If you don’t show any signs of concussion, you’ll get the morphine. Otherwise, you’re going straight to A&E.”
No matter what Sherlock’s rationalisations were, John was still hurt. It was a hurt he knew he’d get over eventually, but the question was still there – as brilliant as his plan may have been, how could Sherlock have gone through with it? How could he have lain on the pavement, while John . . . He closed his eyes against the memory.
“Of course – Moriarty – I should have –” he said and then closed his eyes again. “Say nothing to John yet.”
Sherlock paced back and forth. He needed to think. He recited the nursery rhymes again in his head. His grandmother had given him an illustrated volume of Mother Goose the Christmas before he turned eight. Mycroft had pronounced it juvenile and Sherlock hid it under his bed in his special box along with his maps and rocks and the dead bee he found on the windowsill. He recited them under his breath when his world grew too loud, the colours too bright.
John slid the phone across the table and tapped the screen to turn it back on.
John bowed his head. Closed his eyes. Sighed. He didn’t want to play this game. The events of the past few days – months – had crushed him. Again and again. He didn’t think he had the strength. “Please, don’t,” he whispered.
Sherlock had his own stories. Their first case. First kiss. Last kiss.  He went back to them over and over those first weeks when the house felt too empty, the silence too loud. He’d sit opposite John’s recliner in the dark, hands wrapped around a tumbler of whiskey, Bella snoring quietly at his feet, and imagine him there.
“Not right away. But then his mother died and there was no reason not to tell him.” Sutton straightened and pointed a finger at Sherlock. “But now you can answer a question for me.”
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried to say something. This could not be a stroke. Or a dream. He could actually smell the tea. Earl Grey.
“Nothing happened, John,” Sherlock said.
I’m so close I can’t stop moving and I thrust my hips and he puts his hands on either side of my head and lifts himself a bit and follows my rhythm and our cocks are sliding against each other and I grab his ass and I buck up hard and then I can hear nothing but my moan and his long breath in my ear. I feel his body tense and I stop moving and I feel him shudder and for a moment we are both suspended in midair, and then we fall to earth.
He stood in the front garden of the cottage and whistled for Graham. Bloody dog was always running off, chasing anything that moved. He enjoyed this weather as much as Sherlock.
“John, even I agree with Sherlock. You have no idea how deep any of this goes.” Greg stood beside John. “Mycroft’s all up in it, so you know it’s serious.”
The sedan reminded her of the Tardis. Bigger and fancier on the inside.
“You bastard. Until now, I’ve done everything you’ve asked.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“There was supposed to be two of you. I was to give the package to someone called John Watson. She was very clear about that.”
Thanks again to peg22, my very own cheering section and Greek chorus and everything else I could have ever wished for.
“Balance of probability then.”
. “I don’t have the correct spatula, and Mrs. Hudson will not answer my queries, so I hope you like scrambled.” He stepped into the room. “Do you think this juice is juice?” He held up a jar of yellowish liquid.
? What he did wasn’t a threat, not really. More like trying find out what buttons he could push. But
“Very good,” Sherlock says, smiling. He walks to the sofa, leans over in front of me and slowly unfastens the top two buttons of my shirt.
John had no answer or maybe his answer was in his touch. He wrapped Sherlock in a hug, his skin warm and alive under Sherlock’s fingertips.
“So where does my MP fit in?”
Sherlock looked at John as if he were a dog that had suddenly learned to speak. “You’re happy about this? I don’t understand – ”
“Inspector Bryant? Might I have a word? In private?”
Kate unfolded the paper and saw that it was an incident report. Similar to the hundreds she’d filled out in her career. Only this one looked like a child had taken a black marker to it.
The first thing he noticed when he woke up was that he’d slept late. Graham usually needed to go out before Sherlock needed to get up, and Graham usually won, but not this morning. The second thing he noticed was that nothing hurt. Since his surgery, it had been a dull throb from his ankle, which would roll into a painful twinge in his right shoulder that usually nudged him awake. His eyes still closed, he reached down to check his ankle when his hand brushed against something even more curious. Something he’d almost forgotten about.
Sherlock warmed his glass between both hands. “I believe he does. He thought being alone would protect him. He was wrong.”
“I’m surprised you found anything. The police never did. Not that they looked very hard.”
, which he quickly turned into a tabloid. Within a few years, he owned more than twenty local newspapers, saving costs by using the same printing press for all of them. He entered the London market in 1995 with the purchase of the failing
He reached out and hung onto John’s shirt as wave after wave crashed against his brain, laying waste to his carefully constructed mind palace.
“I knew you’d understand. Apparently Anna’s work is very confidential. For the government, you know.  She told me not to tell anyone she was here, but I knew you’d want to know.”
, she typed.
“I am right here.” Sherlock crossed his legs, winced, and uncrossed them.
“You.”
John turned and poured the whisky and Sherlock walked back into the living room and took off his coat. They met again at their chairs and Sherlock made a mental note to remember this moment as the most perfect one. Of both his lives.
He sat on the bed to think where it might be. Sherlock had a habit of shedding things in the nearest available space. It explained, but didn’t excuse, eyeballs in the coffee mugs, dirty dishes in the fireplace, orange peels in the umbrella stand.
It took Greg twenty minutes and three phone calls to confirm Mycroft’s suspicion that Bellamy was Tommy Pearce’s dealer. Another ten to learn that Siobhan Pearce had to be persuaded to claim her ex-husband’s body.  According to the investigating officer’s report, “When informed of her ex-husband’s death, Mrs. Pearce appeared more relieved than upset.”
He was almost disappointed when she didn’t ask.
Instead he leaned forward, his hand curving around the back of Sherlock’s head, smoothing though his hair. Sherlock pulled him closer and kissed him. As if it was the most natural thing in the world, as if no time had passed and they had always been standing together here in the middle of the living room of 221B. Kissing.
There was only way to win this game.
John closed his eyes and opened his mouth, sucking the thumb onto his tongue. Sherlock sighed and John put his hands on Sherlock’s waist. Moved a hand around to his hip, noting somewhere in his mind that Sherlock’s hips were bone on bone.
“Your liver enzymes are off the chart. You’re pale and sweaty –” Molly said.
Greg falls in beside him. “John, I – ” His voice is thick and he wipes the back of his hand quickly across his eyes.
“Plans?”
Those would be his wishes.
Sherlock was too busy marveling at the fact that holding John’s hand was making him very hard.
“But then he’d have a reason to leave Mary for good. He wouldn’t stay with her if he –”
“Does he? This client of yours?” John asked, sipping his drink.
“How do I get to Heathrow from here?”
John sighed loudly. “Yeah, okay.” He hurried to catch up. “You did notice it’s raining?” He turned up the collar on his jacket.
Sherlock rested his hand on John’s arm. “She asked me. When she visited last spring and you were working and I’d run out of excuses why I couldn’t take her to lunch. She asked, John.” He paused. “So I told her the truth. I saw no reason not to. I assumed she told you.”
“Oh my, no. They’re dears, the both of them. Mind, Sherlock could do with more space in his head for manners, and less in the fridge for earlobes, but I wouldn’t have anyone else upstairs.”
Sherlock started to answer, but John pointed a finger at Kate. “And you! You wanted to talk about Moriarty, you said. Just a few questions, you said. So someone please tell me why you’re throwing my wife’s name about. This was supposed to be about Moriarty. Because apparently there can never be too much bloody Moriarty in our lives.”
He felt an arm tighten around his neck and the point of something hard press into his back. He was carried back to the car a few inches off the ground, gasping and choking.
“She cannot be hurt. I can’t let her be hurt. I have to protect her. She has no . . .”
“She sent a text. Said she was in Montreal and she’d call me tonight.”
“I did ask,” John said.
was. He felt Sherlock move a bit and stepped back.
“I had a word with two of Fiona’s colleagues while you were busy chatting him up. She had lunch with them every day and she never said a word about Portugal. It is my experience that women –”
Fifteen minutes later, he’d received one shot for the pain and another for the nausea and provided Dr. Franklin with more blood samples. The diagnosis? Still dying.
Dr. Franklin picked up a vial from the cart and looked at it and down at a pale John. “Perhaps this is our best option . . .  if you can wait outside. I’ll let you know if there’s any change.”
This took way longer than I expected. I started out wanting to write a simple outsider POV of Sherlock and John after he was shot. And it just grew (and grew) from there.
John grew very still. He lowered his head. Kate thought for a minute he was crying. But then he raised his head and the look on his face made her step back a bit.
“I don’t have concussion. My brain is in stellar shape. Ask me anything.”
Sherlock finally pulled away and took a great, gulping breath and pushed John back onto the bed with a low growl until he was on top of him, one knee nudging up against the inside of John’s thigh. John kissed him again, and this time Sherlock kissed him back, and John wanted to laugh because it was
He looked down and saw a young girl lobbing stones at the window. When she saw him staring at her, she raised her hand in the air and gave him the finger. He turned to Sherlock who was disappearing down the stairs. “You could teach them to use the knocker, you know.”
“It’s not that hard. Really.”
He estimated he had approximately three minutes before Sherlock would notice Anthea standing next to the coffee trolley and come looking for him. He smoothed the front of his jacket and took a deep breath. He vacillated between deep anger and a deeper regret. Anger that his brother could be so reckless with his own life. John’s life. And regret that it would all be for naught.
She bent down and picked up her purse from the floor. Retrieved the phone and entered her password. She scrolled until she found the text and handed him the phone.
But a week later, Moriarity was back and everything changed.
“There were three previous transfers. They stopped after her death. It seems reasonable to pursue a connection between these payments and her attack.” He stopped talking and looked at her. “Kate?”
“Switching tactics?” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sitting there watching Sherlock’s hands, lightheaded from the poison and his own frightened thoughts, he tried not to think about how those hands had felt buried in his hair, fingers  twisting, pulling him close  . . .
“Two weeks after she was killed, someone broke into our apartment. Nothing seemed to be missing except her portfolio case. I never reported it.” She leaned into Sherlock and he wrapped his arm around her shoulders. “Why would she do it?”
John looked up and wiped his eyes. “I’m not upset, you arsehole.”
She turned to face him. “I don’t. But if you feel the need to bully me, Mr. Holmes, then I’m the one who’s disappointed.” She left the case by the door and sat down.
Sherlock studied her for a long moment and blew out an irritated breath. “If he thought it would help him. Your questions are tiresome.”
He laughed. “Even more complicated than cricket. I stopped trying to figure them out a while ago.”
"Thank you for your restraint,” Sherlock said to Kate.
Two years of Sherlock’s life lay spread out before him. And every piece of paper, every email and letter, asked for Mycroft’s reassurance that John was safe. Two years. All for him.
He put his hand on Sherlock’s knee and Sherlock leaned his head against John’s shoulder. John rubbed Sherlock’s back and said something Kate couldn’t understand. Sherlock murmured something back and suddenly Kate became very aware that she was superfluous. She watched as John nodded and carefully pushed Sherlock back in his chair and stood.
“It’s hot.”
Sherlock nodded and began to cough again, his eyes wild with pain. He took another gasping breath, closed his eyes and slumped forward.
“What are the chances of that? You must have calculated the odds.”
John laughed. How long since he’d done that? “How about we start with no body parts in the fridge?”
She wrapped one of John’s scarves around her neck and tucked her still-damp hair into Sherlock’s ridiculous hat, the one he wore in the interview she’d seen on YouTube. She looked around for her purse and noticed the file still sitting on the table. The one John said was from Mycroft. It was heavy, at least three inches thick, a blue satin ribbon tying it together. She found a Tesco bag to protect it from the snow and tucked it under her arm – she’d read it while she ate breakfast.  Most likely none of her business, but what the hell?
Greg smiled and sat up straighter. “It works. Usually.”
There was just silence and Sherlock turned his head and looked back over his shoulder at John.
“It’s classified.”
where she met Maureen Washburn, the bored wife of a boring banker who was auditioning for the part of Charlotta. They fell in love and according to Maureen (picked up by police at Gatwick while waiting for the next flight to Lisbon), Fiona warned her that Gordon was about to be arrested. Around the same time, Fiona backed off from the investigation, telling police that she thought Washburn suspected her.
Sherlock shuts it.
“Scotch. Neat. A double. Please.”
Greg shot her a warning glance and she raised her hands in mock surrender. “Sorry.”
“I don’t see it, if you’re so sure, come and look yourself,” John shouted back. Sherlock’s bedroom was a total tip, as usual. “Think!”
“I’m trying to get out of the rain.”
“God,” John managed, his erection flush against his trousers. He stood up facing Sherlock on the opposite side of the bed, his fingers scrambling to get his shirt undone and trousers and pants off.  The hotel room was chilly and he shivered as the cold air met his hot skin. They fell back onto the bed together and Sherlock drew a wet line of kisses along John’s collarbone and John thrust his hips, rubbing their cocks together. Sherlock wrapped his warm hand around John’s cock and brushed his thumb over the tip.
While John talked, Sherlock had slowly pulled himself up and off the bed. He grabbed John’s shoulders. “Stop it.” He pulled John close, wrapping his arms around him. “The only thing that matters is our plan,” Sherlock whispered against John’s head. “We will find a way through this, John.”
John closed his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist and swallowed hard. He was worried his voice would shake. “Yeah, I know.”
Sherlock pulled him close and together they waited for the first light of morning.
“What I vowed to do – keep John and Mary safe. For John. Because I have done enough. He’s endured enough.”
“You know he’s set on getting into Appledore’s vaults and taking back whatever evidence Magnussen has against Mary?  Lady Smallwood too.” Greg look surprised and she added, “I spent a lot time this week sitting in Sherlock’s hospital room. Morphine makes him rather chatty. I think he enjoys the meds more than he lets on.”
“You have half an hour. Then get your arse back out here,” Lauren said. “You’re the best man, for God’s sake.”
“In films, maybe. There are several treatments that have been tried – but usually on patients exposed to a much lower concentration. Vitamin A and N-acetylcysteine have been effective in some cases. Dr. Franklin can try it but I doubt . . .  If it is synthetic, then I suppose it’s possible that whoever designed the poison also designed an antidote.  This is all in my report.”
She took a breath and began to tell him about the Member of Parliament from Alberta who was murdered more than ten years earlier in the parking lot outside his health club in Ottawa.
“Come on, Sherlock. Look at the bestseller list. The new one’s at number one.”
Your grandmother was sicker than he was. Besides, some people are just too mean to die.” He lowered his voice. “Don’t tell your mum I said that.”
It’s a snowy Christmas Eve in Inverness when they arrive. Harry picks them up at the airport and doesn’t complain that their plane is three hours late and they’ve missed the dinner she spent all day preparing.  She’s pregnant again, almost six months, and it looks good on her. When she meets them at baggage claim, she looks beautiful, and John has to swallow before he leans in and kisses her cheek, pulling her into a rough hug. He asks how Clara is and she laughs. “Busy. Tired. Happy about the baby.” She tilts her head to grin at Sherlock and John’s glad they agreed to come.
Her phone pinged less than a minute later.
Mrs. Hudson frowned. “Yes, well, I shouldn’t be gossiping.”
“It’s only an anomaly if it happens once.” He stood and pulled John up by one hand.
Sherlock looked up and rolled his eyes. “Really, you chose
“Do I?” He took a sip.
The front doors of the Huxley Gallery were locked, the lights dimmed. Posters on either side of the door announced the new exhibition by Joseph Holborn. Sherlock pounded on the door until a yawning security guard shuffled across the lobby to the door. “We’re not open,” he shouted through the glass.
“When?” She knew the answer. She just needed confirmation.  Identity.  Location. And then she would find her and kill her. Sherlock would just have to get in line.
“How did you . . .”
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to bump into me as I stop to let that particular image go. It would be so easy . . .
She laughed and took another sip. Not as bad as she thought. “You’re the second person in an hour to tell me that.”
“I want him not to be dead anymore.” He’d never said it out loud to anyone but Sherlock. He felt the familiar sting behind his eyes and wiped at them with the heel of one hand. “If I can’t have that one simple thing, then I need to find a reason not to follow him.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock looked at her. “Did your supervisor get the information about the wire transfers?”
Everyone, including Mycroft and Lestrade and Molly, told him the plant came from Moriarty – one last turn of the screw before he killed himself and Sherlock.
Greg pulled a folded sheet of paper from his jacket pocket. “Here. The only copy of the only report.” He slid it across the table. “I’ll need it back, though.”
(See the end of the chapter for
– engraved on the inside of the ring.  “I saw it on an old 70s cop show. It was corny but it suited us.” She closed her hand tightly around the ring. “I don’t understand. If all this came out – what did you say – eighteen months ago, why did I never hear about it?”
“Gee, thanks. Apparently your brother has his own set of Mary issues –"
“And I paid for it for months.” A voice from the door startled them both. Greg Lestrade stood in the doorway, holding a brown bag. “Thought I’d bring dinner.” He walked into the sitting room.
She hesitated. “You mean did someone else inject it? I can’t say. Not yet, in any case. But he had no other injection marks, so it’s possible. The fingerprint results haven’t come back yet.  I estimate he died three to four hours before you found him.”
“And do you?”
The flat was empty. “What the hell?”
Sherlock turned over and cracked one eye open. “I’m cold. Come back to bed.”
“World’s worst timing, Sherlock,” he shouted. “Too bloody late.” He turned and headed down the steps.
She didn’t know men still wore silk bathrobes.
Kate glanced at the menu and settled on egg salad on rye and a Diet Pepsi and tried to ignore the pressure building behind her eyes. She’d quickly gone from a comfortable seat in the balcony to centre stage in this little melodrama. She went looking for her shoes and kicked aside her messenger bag, which she had dropped by the door when she first came in. A thick file slid out onto the floor, loose papers spilling haphazardly across the carpet. A colour photo of Sarah’s smiling face stared up at her.
“Drinks, then. Tonight.”
And thanks to everyone for being patient with my erratic updates.
Startled, they both stepped back.
A smile slipped across John’s face. “What I thought. Now hold still.”
“Only seven?” Kate looked at her watch. “Give ’em to me then.”
feel better. In any case, they’d been saying good-bye to each other since they’d left home for Uni, he’d be happy to leave it at that. The only person that really mattered was –
John moved down the bed and moved Sherlock’s hand off his cock and fingered his balls. Sherlock reached out and threaded his fingers through John’s hair, pulling him down onto his cock. John took it in, sucking and licking and raking his teeth up his shaft. Sherlock thrusted upward with the same rhythm that John was sucking him. Sherlock’s moans became more frantic and he arched his back, coming in waves in John’s mouth.
Sherlock dropped his hand and the lift doors closed.  He had six hours left and he wasn’t going to waste them making Harriet Watson feel better.
She kept her voice as calm as she could manage. “Actually, John, I think it’s perfectly rational to be angry, to want to confront Mary and make her tell you the truth.”
“But not telling him is cheating. If he finds out you knew –”
“I should go to my mind palace?” He looked at Mycroft. “Although you’d probably call it a mind skip.”
“It’s not.”
“Not yet,” John said. “I’ll just lie here for a bit, until the meds kick in.”
“Sherlock and I work as a team,” I add stupidly before I walk away.
“Fuck off.”
“We’ll call him from the car. I’d rather get there first, wouldn’t you?”
Sherlock pointed to the jar to the left of a stack of Petri dishes.
– Gordon Washburn, Senior Vice-President, Shipton Building Society, is fifty going on retirement. I recognise the type, there were plenty like him in the army, doing the job just enough to get by. Always looking for a shortcut.
“No leads on where she might have gone?” she asked.
St. James’s Roman Catholic Church was cool and dark and smelled like candles and furniture polish. John followed Sherlock to a pew at the back of the church, genuflected quickly and slipped into the empty seat. Outside the confessional, an old woman waited her turn, her white hair covered by a red polka-dot scarf tied at her chin. A teenage boy, who looked like he was on his way home from a football match, waited behind her. “Small boys, small sins,” Father McCrory had always said before giving John his penance. All it took were three Hail Marys and a few words from the priest to wipe the slate clean. But that was before Afghanistan. Before Sherlock. How many Hail Marys would he need now?
“One bloody word, and I’ll crack your thick skull with it.”
Sherlock kept talking. “Bellamy was Pearce’s drug dealer. Pearce died of a drug overdose. John turned in Pearce in Afghanistan. So the obvious connection is Afghanistan. But why not just kill John? Why? Why? What did John do? What did I do?”
Thanks to peg22 for all her help with this chapter. I have a habit of writing myself into corners and she always helps me find the way out.
“You had to talk to her. I get that.” Kate nodded. “But the baby?”
“Well, I don’t know exactly. She’s been to visit twice. And of course we were there when the baby was born.”
“What is it, Sherlock?” John asked.
John woke to the smell of bacon. For a minute he didn’t know where he was. He turned to see he was alone in bed. He looked toward the door and the ridiculous number of silk robes hung on the hook gave him his bearings. He was in Sherlock’s bed. With Sherlock. Well, not with Sherlock at the moment, but
We’ve been here almost a year now.
“Yeah, I read your report. But Moriarty’s dead, has been for more than two years now.” He shook his head. “You’re chasing a ghost.”
He sounded sorry and tired and lost and undone.
“No . . . does Sherlock know?”
“Really? This is your plan – Jesus, this is -“
“And you are convinced of this because . . .”
“February 20, 2002. A Wednesday.”
“Fiona Miller was right to be worried. Someone at Shipton found out what she was doing, followed her home and killed her. On the bed from the looks of it. The pattern of the blood would support stabbing, most likely while she was lying down. The murderer wrapped her in the rug and carried out the body.”
John tried to keep his voice calm. “Did anyone actually talk to Pearce? Or is all this theoretical?”
“I’ve seen your takeaway boxes. Taj Mahal, John?”
“The toxin injected into John wasn’t 100% pure. We detected heroin in the mix . . .”
John dropped a thick file on the table, unwound his scarf and hung his coat on the hook by the door.
Sherlock sat with his fingers laced, staring at the fireplace. “Fine.”
He lay on the sofa and bit into one of the crackers. He choked and spat out the crumbs onto the floor.
room made him feel a little sick.
“Attempting to get me drunk, John?” Sherlock’s eyebrow rises.
His breath and the words and the feel of Sherlock’s tongue as he moved from John’s ear to his mouth to his neck, made John hard in a moment.
“I need to do no such thing.”
“Hi yourself. Are you? High?” John glared at him, his feet firmly planted. “Because I should be on my way to an excellent pre-brunch shag with Sheri right now, instead of whatever the hell it is you’re doing . . .”
John smiled and shook his head. “No. Do you remember what he looked like?”
“Yes. But no matter how fast I run, he gets farther and farther ahead. Some nights, he gets blown to bits in front of me, sometimes it’s me who gets it. Other nights he just fades away. Like he was never there at all.” He scrubbed at his face with both hands. “It’s bloody stupid, really. I had plenty of mates die over there, and I only dream about the one who didn’t.” Might as well have, though. Simon had made that clear enough –
Sherlock watched John take a long drink. “Is quiet so bad?”
“Seen any action?”
John said a lot of things.
“Sorry. It’s just I’m –”
John had hustled Sherlock through the flat, waving off Mrs. Hudson and her bottomless pot of tea, and had shut the bedroom door firmly behind them. Mrs. Hudson frowned, set the teapot on the table, and left.
What if Mycroft were right? That Sherlock’s shooting hadn’t been a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time after all? What if Magnussen
He looked back at the blog. He carried his laptop with him to the kitchen. He set it on the table and opened the cupboard under the sink. Reached his arm to the very back and found the very good bottle. His hand scraped against something he looked down to see a mandible bone.
“You don’t even know what I was going to say.” John felt his chest grow warm. Fight or flight? Definitely fight.
. Now there was a concept.
John stared, his brain stubbornly refusing to draw conclusions, to understand. He turned and left. Walked stiffly to the corner and caught the first bus that came by. He didn`t know where it was headed, anywhere was better than here. Half an hour later, he got off and hailed a cab back to 221B. The cab turned the corner onto Baker Street and he felt the familiar tug in his chest. Ever since Sherlock had first shown him the flat, he knew it was where he belonged. It was where he felt safe. It was where the nightmares had finally dulled to white noise. It was home.
“Define weird.”
“I look forward to the opportunity to observe such a young and unspoiled subject—”
“And John?”
“He’ll catch up.”
“Yes, but I am not distracted . . .”
Sherlock left me once. A long time ago. To teach me a lesson, he says now.
“Greg.”
“You may not. It’s none of your business what I do.”
He’d missed this weather.
Kate followed the crowd up out of the Barbican Underground station and into the sunlight. Her directions said to take the 56 bus from the station, but she decided to walk – her only exercise in the last few days was moving from one chair to another. Despite the November chill, it felt good to be outside and walking. At least there was no snow here yet.
He changed into a clean jumper and went downstairs. Washed his face, combed his hair, brushed his teeth. He kicked off his slippers, and walked barefoot down the hallway towards Sherlock’s room. In the near darkness, he could see Sherlock was still asleep, sprawled out, one arm hanging over the edge of the bed. He coughed and half-turned onto his side, and his face looked calm and for a moment John let himself forget everything bad that had ever happened to them.
She stepped into the room and stood at the end of the bed. Sherlock was awake and sitting up.
don’t do anything. I’ve made several enquiries and I expect to hear –”
At the rehearsal, he’d offered to walk Harry down the aisle, but that had only set her off on a ten minute rant about patriarchy and white male privilege and how, since she didn’t belong to anyone, no one needed to give her away.  “You’re the best man, arsehole, your job is to keep track of the rings and make a brilliant speech at the reception. Do I need to write it for you?”
“I’m beginning to think you do have concussion. You keep repeating the same thing over and over.”
“Where am I going?” Sherlock tossed both coffees out the window.
He snorts. “Not bloody likely.”
London, I suspect. For now.
Sherlock stepped back and waited.
She got as far as the door before she turned and headed back to the kitchen. She wrapped one of the brownies in a napkin and dropped it into her coat pocket. Nothing wrong with a little dessert.
“True, but you’re my impossible old man.” John kissed Sherlock, pulling him closer.
She stared at the screen, waiting for an answer, but didn’t get one. No surprise there.
“When did it start?”
“Tea?” the waiter asked.
Sherlock said once how he liked the look of a map, “all that strange geometry of roads coming together and parting, over and over.” John had nodded, even though he didn’t really understand what he meant.
Sherlock waited a few minutes to be sure. He reread the texts before deleting them and retrieved the cigar box from the back of the wardrobe. He checked on John one more time, grabbed his coat and scarf and ran downstairs to hail a cab.
He ignored her. “I spent some time in Ottawa. Do you know
She sat by the bed, writing up her notes and flipping through the old copies of OK! she’d found in the waiting room. After an hour, her notes were in pristine shape and she’d developed a small fangirl crush on Harry Styles from One Direction. He reminded her of Sophie McKinnon, the girl (sorry, Harry) she’d been in love with all through middle school. They’d practiced kissing in Sophie’s bedroom after school for months
She saw disappointment flash across his face. “You’re the detective, you tell me.”
She told him about Goodale’s receptionist who was on the list of people she wanted to interview. When she went looking, she discovered that the receptionist had vanished a month after the shooting. Her parents told Kate that she’d been badly shaken by her boss’ murder and wanted to get away. They paid for a plane ticket to London, which she never used. They never heard from her again. They hired a detective who found no trace of her.
“Oi. It’s
John had planned to call it. Sherlock called it a fucking waste of time.
She heard the bedroom door open and slammed the file shut. John walked into the kitchen, turned on the tap and filled the kettle. She walked to the doorway. “Everything okay?”
“Then it’s all right?”
“Charming,” Lestrade muttered as he carefully extracted three teabags. “I don’t even want to know where you keep the biscuits.
John laughed weakly. “Yeah, it’s about all I have.” There was a silence and he kicked himself. “Are you looking for Sherlock?”
“He continues to reside at Baker Street, yes-“
“It was fine.” She wondered again why a DI pulled the rookie job of fetching her from the airport, but she was too polite – too Canadian, probably – to ask. “How far is it to Holmes’ apartment?”
It was John’s phone alarm, going off at six am in the pocket of a pair of trousers lying somewhere between the bedroom and the living room, that woke Sherlock the second time. He nudged John awake, then breathed a sigh of relief that he was still here. John groaned and slid out of bed. A long thirty seconds later, the alarm stopped.
.  John found out two weeks after the fact. No one would tell him if his report had even made it into evidence. Pearce’s Sergeant came to visit John a week later, shouting at him that narking on Pearce was the real crime.
Sherlock closed the laptop. “I have no idea what you’re on about.”
“You’re going to have buy Mrs. Hudson a new carpet. What happened?”
The pub was just the same. Same cracked vinyl chairs, same greasy tables, same pickled eggs. Same jar, most likely.
He raised one eyebrow. “Dr. Watson has nothing to do with this.”
John frowned. Then remembered.
“God, no.” He remembered that John didn’t find out about the explosion until the next morning because he’d spent the night at Sarah’s. That clearly wasn’t going to happen this time. He only hoped that particular sequence of events didn’t matter, but he couldn’t be sure. The absence of Freddy the Torch proved that.
“Don’t stop.” Sherlock reached around and pulled John’s hips closer to him, pushed his back against John’s chest.
“You want a juicy one?”
Sherlock looked up at him. “John, I . . .” He reached across the table, but John stepped back.
Sherlock was solicitous and patient and kind. He made tea without being asked, let John use his laptop and watched crap telly with him. He managed to stay on his own side of the bed and picked up his socks. He hadn’t once dragged John into the bedroom when he was trying to write, or pushed him up against the wall, thrusting his hips into John’s erection, his tongue into John’s mouth. He’d never once let the tea get cold because he needed to fuck John that very minute or he’d never make it through the rest of the day.  He hadn’t once kissed him.
Lestrade walked down the hall and sat in the chair next to Sherlock. He held out a large Starbucks coffee and a muffin. Sherlock took the coffee and waved away the muffin.
“Perhaps they do if they want something badly enough.” Sherlock pulled down his tie and undid his top button. John watched the small triangle of skin at the base of Sherlock's neck move as he spoke.
Kate managed to find her voice. “I’ve killed for less.”
“All right, all right. Hold on.”
She turned on Sherlock’s phone and found Greg’s number.
Greg sipped his beer and took a long while opening both bags of crisps. He pushed one across the table to John. “How are you?”
in bed beside him. Even if he was fast asleep.
“I don’t do lunch. Or families,” Sherlock said.
a detective.”
She kissed him quickly on the forehead. “Go to sleep. She’s with the angels now.”
“It’s a record of our correspondence during the time Sherlock was . . . working for me.”
“His sister still here?”
John stilled for a moment and then slid out from under Sherlock, struggling to stand. Sherlock rolled himself into John’s chair and watched a symphony of doubt and longing and lust play across John’s face.
“How long?” John repeated.
“I know. God knows any bit of it should have sent me right over the edge. But if I were being totally honest –”
Sherlock sat down in his chair, and noticed that John had changed into a blue shirt. The blue shirt that he usually wore on second dates. He filed that away to think about later.
“She’s a cop too. Local, not RCMP like me. We met three years ago on a murder investigation. I never worked so hard to solve a case – I knew I couldn’t ask her out until we closed it. We moved in together a month later.”
“But the connection with Washburn’s wife.  That was  . . .”
“Do you need my mobile number?”
“It’s fine. Really.”
Kate had retreated to the couch. She knew if she said anything, one of them would kick her out and she was just as keen as Sherlock to find out what Mycroft had said to John.
“Not my dart exactly, but go on.”
“Stop.” John walked into the kitchen. “Don’t make me chase you.”
Sherlock felt something settle in his chest, and he let out a breath of air he felt like he'd been holding in for decades. The past and future faded out of him and he was left with only this moment, this impossible moment.
“What’s this got to do with me?” John said.
John pressed his hand against the bruise lightly, knowing it didn’t hurt anymore, just wanting to be sure that he was all in one piece.
Chloe had the worst timing. How was she supposed to solve this case, avoid an assassination
– no matter how hard Kate tried to move on. She knew exactly how John felt after Sherlock left. But then he’d met Mary, and she’d done for him what Chloe had done for her – she’d let the light back in. What would she have done if Sarah had miraculously reappeared? As much as she missed her, she was glad she’d never have to make that choice.
“It’s what
“Yes, yes. The Queen’s Arms.” He started reading the file again. Twenty minutes later, he texted Lestrade.
The Ajit Palace wasn’t. A palace that is. Not even close.
Sherlock sputtered. “Different?”
“You chose now to tell me about Sarah because you didn’t want to talk about John. Or the baby.” Kate stood and walked around the chair. “You outmaneuvered me, didn’t you?”
John texted Molly and she sent back a picture of Rosie playing happily on the floor. He unpacked his suitcase and hung his new suit – price tag still dangling from one sleeve – from the hook on the back of the door.
“I was trying to tidy up a bit . . .”
The waitress set a new glass of whisky in front of John. He quirked one eyebrow. “People don’t change.”
“Must be important. Anthea usually does your dirty work.”
“John,” Kate called after him. “I’m sorry, but come on – if I didn’t figure it out first, someone else will. Maybe someone already has and I’m doing you both a favour.”
In the lobby, she bought two cans of Diet Pepsi and a chocolate bar. She had a little more than three hours before Chloe landed. She needed to change and fix her hair. She needed to think.
“Tedious.”
“No, that’s all, thanks.”
He turned and sat in his chair, aware that Sherlock was watching from over the top of the computer. He tried to remember what a nonchalant posture looked like. He crossed his legs, felt a twinge in his chest, and sat up straighter – rubbing his palms on the sides of the chair.
“You are not returning calls. Why?”
“For £360 a night, it bloody well better be,” he muttered under his breath. “Can you send a bucket of ice to the room, please?” He had a large bottle of Jameson’s in his bag, wrapped in one of Sherlock’s old scarves.
We’ll never trade the set of Harry Potter books we found in a cupboard in the kitchen. Neither one of us had ever read the books or seen the films. I meant to, but had never gotten around to it and Sherlock of course had never even heard of them.  And as proof that the universe still has a sense of humour, the last book was missing. When we’re bored, Sherlock and I like to guess how it ends.  Sherlock insists that Harry and Voldemort must die, or else what was the point of it all? I think it will end well, though I fear for Snape’s life. I can’t believe he’s quite as wicked as he seems.
She went still and felt the pieces sliding into place. She came back into the room and sank into John’s chair. “Oh my God. It was Mary, wasn’t it?”
“Something you said once.”
John hesitated, then reached in his pocket for the key card to his room and held it out. “Room 309.  Wait for me there. We’ll talk when the reception is over. We’ve waited this long, another few hours won’t matter.”
“I promised to behave so I will,” Sherlock says. “It’s my Christmas present to John,” he whispers, loud enough for John to hear.
In the cab, Sherlock gave the driver an address John didn’t recognise.
Sherlock frowned. “I am not distracted. This case . . .”
“Johnny?” his father said when he was at the door. John stopped and turned back.
“Are you having fun?”
“Thoughts?” Sherlock asks. He means do I want to hear his. I nod and he continues, “So where is our Ms. Miller?”
“I’m hungry. How about I go pick up some groceries and cook dinner for us tonight? Then I promise to disappear for a few hours.”
“Well, a certain amount of time has passed. And the partner has tried to change.”
“Now? Just like that?” He looked pleased, like he’d just won the office pool.
The drive to Orchard Lane Primary School in Hackney should have taken twenty minutes. Instead it took a long forty minutes in rush hour traffic.  Sherlock had found the boy who was holding up the message in the YouTube video.
“I could have taken a cab.”
At three o’clock, he saved the file and shut the laptop. He needed some air – not all problems could be solved from the comfort of his chair. When he unconsciously whistled for Graham to follow him downstairs, he was glad he was alone. He bought a coffee and an apple at Speedy’s, headed to the corner and turned left.
Kate stared at Sherlock. “So you were wrong about everything.”
John pulled back his arm. The vicar was too young, his eyes too limpid, his faith too certain.  “I don’t believe in God,” John said, never knowing for certain if this were true. His faith had seeped out of him over the years, like a language learned in childhood.
“Kate. You’re back.”
“Talk,” John said.
He took a biscuit, closed his eyes and bit into it. It tasted heavenly. “Thank you.” He brushed crumbs from the front of his shirt. “I don’t think I ever said that enough.” It was strange to think he was now older than Mrs. Hudson.
Mycroft shrugged and pulled out his phone. “I’m not sure what I did. I’m not sure what anyone can do.”
John ignored him and continued. “We had nothing. That broadcast in January and then nothing. We suspected Mary went to join Moriarty – so when she called . . .”
“John?”
“Hungry?” I ask.
She saw Sherlock’s eyes widen and his hands still when John referred to Mary as “my wife.”
He sounded sympathetic and that frightened her. “Just tell me.” She sat up straighter. Closed her eyes and held her breath. She’d waited almost six years for this moment.
“That’s my scarf,” Sherlock said.
After ten minutes, John moved to sit by Sherlock on the couch, Kate went to the washroom, and Mrs. Hudson brought up a large tray of tiny sandwiches that looked as if they’d been made for, and possibly by, children.
“Why were you in Ottawa?”
“You’re talking about my wife.” John’s face reddened.
“He thinks he might have something. Drug dealer named Vic Bellamy. You helped Lestrade shut him down a few years back. He made lots of threats during the trial. ”
“I wanted to call you right away, you were so kind to Richard and me, but Anna said-“
Until one Friday night two weeks later, between the end of his shift at the clinic and dinner with Sherlock, when he sat in his chair, a tumbler of whiskey in one hand, the phone in the other, and began to dial the number he’d been calling for more than fifteen years.
John nodded. “What was on the scroll?”
“So, I heard you went out to lunch with mister Alex,” John said with a light teasing note in his voice.
Sherlock’s head snapped toward him. He smiled at John. “Yes. Yes it is.” John smiled back, electricity crackling down his spine with the pride in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock broke away to lean his head back into the couch cushions. “For God’s sake, John, you’re going to be the death of me.” He blew his breath out sharply at the ceiling, hips shifting under John’s attentions.
John nodded. “I do.”
Sherlock pulled his flies wide and released his cock from his pants. John pushed his hand away immediately and started stroking him with his left hand, right hand now occupied cradling his skull to better lick deeply into his mouth. Sherlock’s gasp tasted so sweet in John’s mouth.
“What’s the case?”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the word boyfriend, but nodded and turned back to his violin.
He realized, probably later than a genius should, that he hadn’t eaten anything because John usually made him breakfast. He remembered John lying in their bed, nothing but a lump of comforter, the shape of his body blurred by the thick down.
“Jesus fucking-- it’s not even fucking seven you little cunts,” John said, as one on his bedpost narrowly avoided a slap from his sleep-clumsy hand.
Sherlock blew out a sharp breath. “Well isn’t that what people do when they’re dating? Go on dates?”
John pressed wet kisses along the underside of his shaft and balls before wiping his mouth and moving up to kneel on the couch with one knee, caging Sherlock in with his body.
“No, someone else did.”
Sherlock’s phone rang again. “Oy, freak, can you just answer it?”
Sherlock focused on John, brows furrowed in confusion. “Did I?”
It was a very strange anomaly indeed when he’d met Sherlock Holmes.
A day later, case solved, Sherlock was laying on the couch, arms bent to hold his phone up over his head. John had to pee, but had been staying in his armchair in the hopes he’d get to see the moment when Sherlock dropped it on his own face. “I’m hungry,” Sherlock intoned.
John blinked. In high school, John had a distinct memory of a teacher trying over and over and over again to explain a mathematical concept to him. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t ever remember the formula because he had no idea what any of the steps did. He pushed at it for weeks before the teacher finally sent him to the tutor. The tutor explained it again, this time as a metaphor with little doors and hidden numbers behind them. John remembered this because the breakthrough moment, the click as the knowledge finally slotted in his brain and he understood it, had felt so good. Like coming to the surface to breathe in after floating underwater for a long time.
It was only later, as the police force were tearing up his new flat, that it clicked for John. Sherlock hadn’t confessed a secret because he didn’t have any. Everyone knew he used to be on drugs. Angelo knew he was gay. Sherlock was open, flayed out for the world in a way that John had literally never experienced before. He was the first honest person that John had ever met.
“Exactly. That coat must cost more than my rent. So why would he need a flatmate if he can clearly afford to live alone?”
“You are, I don’t--” Sherlock cut himself off. “Well, be however you like. Yes, I am dating Alex. Don’t worry, I won’t bring him here and disturb you often.”
John used his hand to take what his mouth couldn’t. He carefully covered his teeth with his lips and applied pressure along his shaft. He felt the side of his hand hitting Sherlock’s flies on every stroke, and he was quickly tiring of not being able to touch Sherlock’s skin through his trouser legs.
Step four: get that tall, posh bastard out of your dreams and on to your lap.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John. “My whole personality is being rude?”
“Okay, sounds great, but consider this,” the first debater retorted, mouth full of donut. “We could fuck him now. Like, right now.”
“If you enjoy it, it’s not time wasted.” The woman walked slowly around John, looking him up and down. “At any rate, this little outfit you have on won’t do at all.”
“No vomit on the mouth… lots of detritus around her but…” John tilted his head carefully to inspect her body, lifting her flower-patterned duster with the tip of his gloved finger. “Not from her.”
Sherlock smiled broader, like that was exactly what he’d been hoping John would ask. “The stance, feet wide, used to standing for long hours-- your hands are visibly calloused, the spots indicative of using a wooden dowel, could be a broom but your arms are muscled enough that--”
Sherlock came around the desk as Hargrove quickly pulled up the grading software. Sherlock pulled a sheet of Teddy’s homework and entered a problem. “There. An answer confirmed to be correct by the smartest mathematician in the city, and--” Sherlock dramatically hit enter. A red screen illuminated Sherlock’s pale face.
“Oh, they’re all lined up for Mycroft,” Sherlock gently maneuvered John around and pointed out a tall man with a hooked nose surrounded by bored looking gentlewomen. “He’s the one that looks like a fat penguin.”
Rather than let loose a scathing remark to Alex, however, Sherlock looked down at John fondly. Despite himself, John smiled back at him. “As it happens, I cannot solve any case without John.”
“You’re biased, you don’t like him either way.”
“I can’t read it, my eyes hurt.” Sherlock said petulantly.
John walked in the living room around seven to say goodbye to Sherlock and maybe excitedly add “don’t wait up” so he could feel like a teenager again.
“Right.” Lestrade said. There was a pause. “Uh, do you know if that's--?”
John thought a lot about normal people. He imagined a very normal life where he woke in a normal bed, had breakfast with a normal roommate politely ignoring his presence, went to a normal job where he only called off when he was sick, and then had a normal dinner with a very normal pretty lady who talked about how much she loved normal television.
Alex nodded. “But there’s something I don’t understand, Sher.”
“Mrs.Hudson did say a very handsome man.”
“So, you’re in love with Sherlock Holmes.” his mind said.
“And that’s such a tragedy?”
“Sherlock Holmes making a dirty joke, I never thought I’d live to see the day.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said slowly, hailing a cab. “Well, Alex has been. Hmm. I’m not sure of the word, but repeatedly telling me I should be-- I’m really not sure how to say this.”
“We have beans and toast?”
“Well-- Okay, maybe for most, but,” John stammered. “I’m, we’re… best friends. More than best friends. I’d take a bullet for him.”
“I tend to pick up on things. Not as much as Sherlock, and not in the same way but-- I understand people.” Mike shrugged. “I’m good at knowing what they really want. Sherlock mentioned to me that he was looking for a flatmate. Now, have you ever noticed how Sherlock dresses?”
“You were completely silent for three minutes and twenty seconds,” Sherlock said, raising an eyebrow.
John looked up to see Sherlock’s response to that, and was shocked to see a barely tamped down smirk on his face. They made eye contact.
Sherlock looked at him in confusion, before accepting the statement and nodding. “I do think it’s for the best. He said I--” Sherlock broke off, looking down at his palms. He was swaying slightly. “He said I already had a backup ready, anyway.”
He kept his hands clasped behind his back as he looked around the house. From what he could tell, it seemed like a normal, average home. Middle class, single child. Both parents working, latchkey kid.
John came around the desk, and Sherlock distractedly made room for him. The tall genius was now staring off into the distance, looking hurt and confused. John ignored the puppy dog eyes for the moment to focus on the screen.
“Sherlock, what are you-- you’re in your pajamas! You can’t just go out like that, you need a coat.”
Sherlock dropped his toast and focused all of his attention on John while still managing to ignore the question. “You don’t like him.”
“Have you ever known Sherlock to be quote unquote, too nice?”
John moved on down the hallway, quite proud of himself thus far. He inspected each photo on the wall. A family portrait on a family trip to America, Alison appearing maybe ten. An engagement photo of the parents. A baby photo. John stopped at a picture that was set below eye level, the place that people put photos they didn’t particularly like; a friend’s baby or a dog that passed away.
John looked over at Sherlock, mouth open in surprise and excitement. “Sherlock, are you blushing?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Two months later, John set a cup of tea down at Sherlock’s elbow, and without looking up, Sherlock said, “I’m in love with you.”
“That’s kind of you, but I’m not what I used to be. Should’ve seen me back when I was on active duty!”
“Mmm, okay. We have a woman whose earrings have gone missing every evening and reappeared on her sink the next morning every night for--”
Sherlock looked thoroughly discomfited. He didn’t meet John’s eyes, staring out the window into the dark Baker Street. “I wanted to wear short sleeves,” He sighed, and finally turned back to John, who was staring at him with a hard look. “And they… they would check my arms and stop there. They never even considered the many other entrances on the human body.”
He’d told all of them what he considered the truth, preached to them, charmed and manipulated them into following his plan and killing themselves to avoid being taken by these pretend monsters. And all of them had listened, had drank the poison-- except for Alison. Alison was his first follower, a friend from his past, the woman who was by his side every step of the way.
“Honestly! One of you must know who did this!”
“Yeah, I know, but you are going to help me because you are actually my friend,” John said placatingly.
“The dance. A dance, if you’d like.”
“Uh, no, haven’t gotten to it,” Lestrade said distractedly, writing down the deductions Sherlock spewed at rapid pace.
John tried very, very hard not to smirk. “What was he doing that was irritating?”
“But you’re not interested in the girls, are you, doctor?” Sherlock said. John’s head snapped up, and Sherlock, after another look with the gears-turning face, amended, “Or not only in the girls, I think.”
John looked up at Sherlock in awe. “You know, I--” John frowned, following Sherlock to the curb as he hailed a cab. “I love when you say things.”
They walked in, following Lestrade to the area where all the bodies were scattered. They were arranged as if they’d fallen gracefully, but there was vomit and urine around them that said nothing about their deaths had been peaceful. There were maybe fifteen people, all told.
“At any rate,” the more rational half digressed, “we have to deal with this. How are we going to tell him?”
John paused. Returned to his mind debaters.
“Mmm, yeah,” John said, clearly not seeing the obstacle.
“I told you already mister Hargrove, I do all of my work right. I know it’s right, I double, triple check it. So why are my grades so bad?”
He nodded, glancing between the man smiling innocently up at John from his chair and the strangely focused Sherlock. “Well. I’ll just. Go make some tea.”
“I said thank you,” Sherlock said, sparing him a glance up from the computer.
The second debater acquiesced. “Yup, yeah. Very good point there. Alright, send the signal up to head office.”
John looked at Sherlock in surprise. “Uh, it’s probably just going to be me and Mike and a few mates getting pissed. In a pub.”
Sherlock looked up at him sharply. “I do know other people.”
There was another aborted giggle from downstairs. John shifted uncomfortably on the bed. The thought of Sherlock-- Sherlock in bed with someone, his voice moaning, someone kissing that gorgeous neck and--
“Yeah, like I said, I work faster than you.”
Sherlock blew out the breath of the last of the giggles. “Yes, what brought it to mind?”
John smiled back and laced their hands together on the leather seat. “Posh boy.”
It smelled awful, rotting, and salty like sweat and mold. There was trash scattered around the floor and the bed were a crumpled mess of dirty sheets. The worst of it was in front of the desk by the window, which had a black pillowcase stapled over it.
Alex shook his head in confusion. “These are all perfect. Formulas followed correctly, right formula… I mean I haven’t seen this sort of stuff since tenth grade, but it all checks out.”
John and Greg stood to the side, watching Sherlock happily flit around the body.
“Bad day,” John confirmed. And he laid there, wrapped in the comfort of Sherlock, and the softness of a home that wanted him to succeed, until he was strong enough to continue.
“Yes.”
“The skull.”
“Oh, wait, is he with professor Cameron?”
John blushed. “No but actually, how do you get your money?”
The cranker snorted, and both of the debaters whipped around to snap “shut up!”
John pointed at the photograph, silent so that they wouldn’t interfere with the police and parents next door. Sherlock took it off the wall and studied it for a moment.
John shook his head. “Now wait just a second. You’re going to change your whole personality around just for-- this man?”
“But why mislead them?”
John’s stomach turned over. Maybe a gas bubble from lunch. “Well then I wish you all the best.”
“Exactly. You don’t like it, it’s not nice, I should stop.” Sherlock straightened as he turned away. “I will stop.”
John blushed, trying desperately to hold back a giggle. “I’m sure they do.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes while pulling off a wet sock from the corpse laying on top of the electric box. “I suppose I should silence my phone more often.”
“Uh-oh, Sherlock, twelve o’clock.”
John shrugged. “It won’t change anything. I get one night there, but then I come back and I still have to wipe the horses down and put them up for the night. Not really worth the time wasted, is it?”
John turned back to Sherlock, took a deep breath, and opened his mouth.
Sherlock, of course, solved the case post haste. John knew it barely achieved a four rating on the Holmes-Watson Case Interest Scale, but Sherlock took it because John wanted to see an old friend. He was actually very human when he wanted to be. And he had more motivation, since John was putting a bit more human inside him.
“John?” He asked hesitantly. He scoffed at himself-- asking permission to enter his own bedroom. He turned the knob slowly, anyway.
But when John gave Sherlock his phone, all he heard was, “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
John snorted, leaning over the other corner of the table with his fists on the wood. “I thought you’d deleted the solar system.”
“Between himself and the job, do you get any free time?”
John had never had the urge before, but he felt a strange push to ask a question in response. “Romantically?”
“So I can trust you to keep my relationship and the details thereof in confidence.” Sherlock didn’t phrase it as a question, but stated it with some trepidation.
“Oh, I don’t know about that. You look quite fit to me.” Lestrade and John both glanced over at Sherlock, who was now on his back, head under the springs of the chair.
“I have nothing against scotsman in general. Look, Sherlock I. Could you just--” John squared his shoulders. “In truth, the bias comes from--”
“Why, are you looking for an opening?”
“Alright, Sherlock?” He asked.
He nodded. He whispered, pointing to the tall blond in the photo; “Boyfriend. I came to the same conclusion. Let’s find him.”
“But really, you have been going on a lot of dates,” John said.
John blushed, which was very handy, since he couldn’t really blush on command. “Haven’t had a boyfriend in years, but no, yeah, I’m single right now.”
Sherlock tilted his head in curiosity. “Is that so? Does he do this often?” Sherlock subtly starting leaning forward until the man unconsciously took a step backward, which gave him the opportunity to step inside.
He started taking off his clothes, and turned on the shower to let it heat.
“Should we have sex with Sherlock? Sherlock, long legs, sweet ass, mouth-like-a-sex-doll Sherlock? That’s up for debate?”
When he pulled back, Sherlock’s eyes were wet, and John would bet that his were sparkling with unshed tears, too.
The police had caught him on the train to the chunnel, and arrested him within 24 hours of finding the bodies.
“Sherlock’s not answering his phone.”
“God I hope not.” John said honestly.
Sherlock looked down at him as the cab pulled up. Their faces were only a few inches away from each other. If they were the same height, John probably could’ve felt his breath on his mouth. The thought sent a shiver through him.
He went to make toast and found that only the two end pieces of bread were left, and after he’d already brewed a double-bag strong cup of tea, found the honey to be next-to-empty.
They were through that sweet, nervous period that John would reluctantly admit he loved. The tentative touches, the kiss-and-check, pulling back to make sure that was okay and okay? Yeah, yes, good, John. Sometimes John thought about Sherlock excitedly realizing he could just wrap his arms around John and John would stand there and happily be held and smiled to himself.
That’s how the two of them ended up at a booth in the local, with some of John’s old mates and Lestrade, who’d been invited by John.
“Don’t we all?”
John puttered around in mild anxiety for two days, making tea and setting it by Sherlock, making toast and setting it by Sherlock (which was definitely acknowledged, since Sherlock ate the crusts off both pieces and left only the buttery middle bits, the absolute child), and making himself presentable and sitting by Sherlock.
“Alex.”
“What I can lose if I don’t change my behavior.”
“Oh, he’ll come back for more. We’re not called three continents Watson for nothing.”
“Do you think it’s going to, you know, last very long?”
“Have you seen it? It’s huge, it’s perfect, he’ll be salivating the second we get it out of our pants.”
“You better come to a conclusion soon, or else you’ll be too dehydrated to function.”
John was starting to feel sick. “Know what?”
“My parents are both annoying. Why are you irritated?”
John made his way up to the platform, and started climbing the steps. Two spears crossed to block his path. He rolled his eyes. “Sherlock!” he called up.
Something about the picture threw John off. There was a smudge on the glass, and John unthinkingly went to buff it out with his shirt cuff. It didn’t budge, though.
They both stared at John for a moment. The man that was sitting in John’s chair was in his late forties, but fit and well groomed. His brown hair was cut a little longer than the standard side-part, greying tastefully at the sides, and he wore it well. He had soft brown eyes, and a sharp jawline.
Sherlock froze. He straightened, and then turned to Lestrade. “What did you just say?”
John growled quietly.
“I heard the doctor, earlier, the other one. You’re to take me home?”
The second floor didn’t hold more bodies, but it did have more writing. ‘They’re going to get you too’, ‘be more careful’, ‘they can find you’.
Lestrade looked askance at John, who just shrugged. And then smirked at Sherlock’s back, confident in the knowledge that he was a sexy, irresistible army doctor with gorgeous eyes and strong arms.
Sherlock looked back at the screen, still glowing red. He looked utterly baffled.
John opened his mouth, only to be silenced by Mike’s aloft hand. “Don’t argue, you snapped at me quite enough in a five minute conversation for me to have irrefutable proof. You needed a man who could one, put you in your place by out-bitching you, and two, give you an exciting return to action. Who did a know that could do that? Why, the big posh bastard in the floppy coat who I happened to know had a distinct taste for military men.”
John tilted his head in acknowledgement, going back to reading on his phone.
Sherlock hummed in response, turning back to the window.
He walked through the entranceway, following the bulbous dresses of the gentry in front of him as he turned his head this way and that to see every inch of the foyer. It was gorgeous, more luxurious and bright than the castle that employed him. It was white marble, a huge empty space decorated with paintings and gilded edges that reflected light from the chandelier.
Lestrade looked down at John, who was rapidly approaching ‘internally screaming’ levels. “Uh, if you ever need to borrow a set of handcuffs, you can?”
It was still too early for Sherlock to be running around, in John’s opinion, but it was that or suffer another boredom tantrum, so John tagged along when Greg gave them a call.
Sherlock blinked. He gave his head a little shake, curls shimmying with the motion. “Um. Okay.”
“And you think I should leave Alex?”
Sherlock smiled wonderingly at him. “I don’t mind. What is your name, stable boy?”
Sherlock, looking back on their first time, would wish that he’d been more aware. He wish he’d paid more attention, cataloged every brush of John’s lips, filed away every touch, stored every groan and curse in a whole new wing of his mind palace. He wish he’d done something then to prove himself worthy, show John some little sex trick he didn’t know, give John the most amazing orgasm of his entire life, teach him how very very enjoyable sex with two cocks could be. As it turns out, Sherlock wouldn’t need that, since even without proving himself, John would come back for more and more and more, nearly every day for the next two weeks before the honeymoon period was over and they settled down to sex only a few times a week and after cases. And when Sherlock wore the purple shirt, or when John wore the little stripey shirt that made him look like a pirate first mate. Or when there was tea on and they both had some time to waste waiting for the kettle to boil. Actually, strike that, they haven’t yet left the honeymoon. But really, Sherlock couldn’t be blamed for not observing and storing away every detail of their first time. After all, he’d had three years of waiting for John, since that funny little man with the tanned hands and pseudo-limp had walked into his morgue, and subsequent three years of yearning and pining and waiting for the day that John wanted him, too. He’d been a bit overwhelmed.
A woman sitting next to him on the bus leans over on his way home to let him know, “I love peeing my pants. I get such enjoyment from it. This driver is being a bit speedy, huh?”
He slowly slid his feet along the floor, giving John ample time to follow him and learn the steps. Before he knew what was happening-- he may have been distracted by Sherlock’s sweet scent-- John was spinning just like all the ton in the next room.
“Hey,” he said, leaning against the wall next to Sherlock as the room wobbled threateningly. “What’s going on?”
“I didn’t know I want him! This is all happening rather quickly. I’m not gay!” The crank-John in the background snorted in response to this.
John’s neck quickly tired of the angle bent over his own legs on the couch, and since he was a very practical man, he moved to his knees in front of Sherlock on the couch. Sherlock was meanwhile gasping in rare brainless ecstasy, his back arched from pressing his head into the sofa. “John, John, John,” he babbled.
“Mm, and you, John, you have a boyfriend?” Sherlock looked up at this, but Lestrade and John pretended not to notice.
Sherlock looked at knees at the edge of the bathroom counter. A man came in, peed, and walked out the door without coming anywhere near the sinks. Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the closing door before turning back to John. “I broke up with Alex.”
“His boyfriend, I think. I don’t like the bloke.”
John was so close to bursting into laughter, heat rising in his neck. “Sherlock, we live together. You come home with me every day.”
“Mind if I join you?”
John tried not to dwell on what that meant for Sherlock. He didn’t want to be the person who displayed every facet of themselves for the general public, the one who never kept any thought to themselves. After knowing Sherlock for only a week, it became obvious that he hid nothing because he was absolutely desperate for approval.
“John. Your medical opinion, please.”
Sherlock looked away to stare at the teapot for a moment, a small smirk growing on his face.
As they walked up to the set of flats surrounded by caution tape and flashing police cars, John briefly wondered about Sherlock and money. He had it, yes, obviously, but where did it come from? They made tiddlywinks on private cases, and most of their cases were for Lestrade, which were all nonprofit. Actually, he knew that his rent was suspiciously low for inner London, which lent itself to the implication that Sherlock was paying more than half the rent. Where was it coming from? Who was paying for it all? Who got the bill for those bespoke suits that hugged Sherlock’s ass like they never wanted to let go?
“I can’t think of anyone else you hang out with,” Lestrade said honestly.
“Because you live at our flat.”
He went to work and got spit, snot, vomit, and piss on his clothes from a variety of ill and ill-mannered patients. He misfiled a report and had to be called before his supervisor to clarify that no, he had not treated someone in the future, that he’d simply made a typo when putting in the date. He had to put off a patient for two hours for a conference call with the NHS operator, which was confusing and unhelpful on every level, and only left him with an irate mother of a screaming toddler. A woman refused to get her flu shot because she said it hurt her more to get a needle than it would hurt to get the flu.
They arrived at the crime scene.
“That’s where you write your name.” “The first problem you solve.” Teddy and the teacher responded at the same time.
Sherlock shifted slightly, now more interested. He remained silent as John sluggishly brought one knee down between Sherlock’s spread legs, crawling over him gingerly, before finally bringing his chin into the nook of Sherlock’s neck and deflating over him.
The barest hint of a smile flashed across his face. “It’s Sherlock.”
During the ceremony, while Harry and Lauren pledged mutual love, respect and shared litter scooping duties, John wished his parents were alive to see Harry finally and completely happy. Even if it did mean she was pregnant and marrying a Glasgow girl who wasn’t Catholic and had odd ideas about Scottish home rule and the ethics of eating meat. It would have gone a long way to relieving the irrational guilt they both felt about Harry’s drinking. His parents believed they had unwittingly sowed the seeds of her unhappiness. John thought of Rosie and understood.
“Then lay off the bell and take the fucking pills.” He sounded more frustrated than angry.
He shifted uncomfortably in the chair, crossed and then uncrossed his legs. Checked his watch, thirty minutes left.
She recognized the BMW as it turned the corner. He didn’t get out this time, just leaned across the front seat to open the door for her.
Kate shook her head. “You think? I tried to tell you that, if you recall.” She stood and waved at the waitress. “I’m cold. Let’s walk.”
“Doesn’t like being told what to do.” He set the kettle onto the stove.
“What are you doing here?”
“Then don’t piss me off. All I need to do is poke you with a safety pin and you’ll bleed like a stuck pig.”
“I’ll put that on your headstone,” John said. He took a long drink, wishing it was something stronger.
“For god’s sake, John, just give me the shot.” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably on the couch.
“Yes, well. Quite right.”
“Yes, sir.”
. Sherlock. He was supposed to be watching for signs of concussion, not letting him sleep for four hours.
“Wonderful. And fetch the newspaper too, would you?”
"I probably just moved or took a breath when I shouldn’t have. Blurred the scan,” John says in bed later.
), the door burst open, and John stood in the doorway, shakily holding up his Browning, being propped up, it would seem, by Banks, who shouted, “Gun, sir!”
There are no more McNeils for them now, but Sherlock remembers the fear, the cold weight pressing on his chest, the prickling at the back of his neck.
She handed him the bag of cookies and he opened it, looked inside and groaned. “Sod it. Who let Donovan buy the biscuits?” He dropped the bag on the floor beside his chair. “I despise macaroons.” He looked at her. “Not sleeping?”
“Jesus,” John muttered to himself. “No, don’t get up, your lordship.”
Sherlock makes a small noise and I roll my head to the right, and watch as he takes his cock in his hand, rolling his fingers over the tip, looking at me, his eyes dark, cloudy. Wanting.
“What the hell happened, as you put it, was that the siren call of her old lover slash boss proved too much for the former Mrs. Watson, and she was on the first flight out of London. John and I were a bit distracted, what with the threat of a returning Moriarty, and Mycroft was adamant we find him first.”
Harry laughs. “We’ll see about that. The twins managed to pull down the Christmas tree last night and the turkey’s still frozen and Clara’s mother insists on telling her friends I’m her daughter’s roommate, not her wife, so Lord knows what she’ll make of you two.”
“No, I mean . . . well, John’s been to Afghanistan and  . . .”
She paused and concentrated on breathing evenly. She was
Sherlock removed his hand and crossed his arms in front of him. John thought that was better. He didn’t need a kinder, gentler Sherlock. He needed a fucking mad Sherlock.
“Has anyone inquired about her absence?”
“The new list I sent you from Sutton’s computer. Did you test for those?”
Sherlock brushed past John and around the corner to the kitchen. John heard the tap running. More fucking tea.
Harry was waiting for him at Edinburgh’s Waverley Station. She didn’t complain (too loudly) that she had to park four streets away and traffic was shite and she’d thrown up twice that morning, “
“What the hell?”
John dropped his hand and turned away. “Just go. Now.” He sank down into the closest seat and closed his eyes.
“Everyone does. Even the world’s only consulting detective.”
John frowned. “A chat? Really? You followed me all the way here to chat?”
Kate swung her attention to John. “You don’t get to talk yet.” She turned back to Sherlock. “
The bottle is empty too soon. In the bedroom, he imagines for a minute that he'll be able to sleep, that fatigue will win out over grief and regret and anger.  But the bed is too large, the silence too astounding.
Sherlock sat beside him, eyes staring straight ahead, hands in his lap. He reached inside his suit jacket every few minutes for his phone, but stopped short each time. If Sherlock were anyone else, John would have thought he was nervous.
The dog – a Golden retriever mix we named Keller after we realized he was deaf – came with the cottage. He’s Sherlock’s dog now.  The deaf leading the blind. The world’s as mad as it ever was.
Other articles criticized Magnussen’s closeness with the Conservative Party leader, David Cameron. In November 2011, his official spokesperson said that Magnussen and Cameron “were in regular communication” and “that there is nothing unusual in the prime minister talking to Charles Magnussen.” Others expressed concern that a foreign national had so much access to those in power in Britain. An anti-Magnussen blog started after Cameron’s election in 2011 ended six months later with a short entry reporting the suicide of the blogger, David Griffiths. When she searched for “David Griffiths” and “suicide”, she found an article on
“So it’s over.” She wiped at her eyes.
Your eyes slide closed and a door in your mind palace cracks open – sunlight scraping under the door. Baker Street.
Dr. Franklin came out of ICU, pulling off his latex gloves. Sherlock stood and braced himself.
Leonard Cohen
Kate was tempted to follow her, to shake loose whatever else she knew. But just then Sherlock’s phone vibrated. She looked down at the text –
invitation to spend Christmas at your parents.”
You hear footsteps in the choir loft above you and for a short stupid second, you think you’ve been followed, but logic tells you that’s impossible. There is no one left to follow you.
“And if you don’t stop doing that, I swear I’ll kill you both.”
Being with Sherlock was the first thing in years that had made any sense to him – he’d known from the first night that if he didn’t hold onto it, he’d slip back into the mire of his everyday life filled with bad decisions and solitary dinners.
“And I said no. Christ, Sherlock, it’s going to be hard enough as it is without you writing down every bloody thing she does.” John thought for a moment he’d made a huge mistake. Raising a child with Sherlock – within fifty feet of Sherlock – was probably not a smart idea. And then he looked at Sherlock’s face. He was smiling. Smirking, really.
She smiled at him and picked up her pen and notebook. “Okay . . . how have you been? I read the newspapers – your detective is back and you’re married to the nurse you met at the clinic. I recall you were just getting serious when you stopped seeing me. How’s that working out?”
John was going to be sick again. So much for the healing powers of Banks’ chamomile tea.
“He had a difficult night and he’s finally sleeping. I don’t want to wake him just yet.”
“Well, you’ve got my laptop.”
Answering seemed a waste of breath, so he just nodded.
He reached for his glasses on the table by the bed. He could almost make out a silhouette in the doorway when he felt a shock of recognition. Arpège? The only woman he knew who wore Arpège was Mrs. Hudson. John had bought the perfume for her one Christmas – it had been gift and apology both. They were always apologizing to Mrs. Hudson in those days.
“Oh,” is all he manages in the end. “I am sorry, John.”
“I needed to . . .” Sherlock took a breath. “I needed to . . . consult with you. A new case.”
She let go of the bannister. “We both know I can’t really stop you. Not forever. Probably not even for an hour. But we need to talk about what will happen if you show up and throw Moriarty in Mary’s face.”
“How is he?”
Sherlock reached over and turned the phone toward him. “Really, John? You could have just asked.”
She knew her time was limited. John wouldn’t be able to stay away much longer. “I borrowed your phone. I thought mine might be hacked, remember?”
Then Sherlock dropped to his knees in front of him and ran his hand over the front of John’s trousers and reached for the zipper. John bit his lip hard to stifle a moan. “Fuck, don’t stop.”
“So let’s start over.” She held out a box of tissues. Christ, she
No one had mentioned Magnussen, although no one was naïve enough to believe it was over. John thought of these past few months like half-time, each team strategizing how to approach the final period. And now there was Kate Bryant, wandering onto the pitch with no clue about the dangerous game being played there.
These were the stories that he told again and again:
“There’s not enough whiskey in the world.” John signaled to the bartender.
She went through the pictures again. Sherlock wore the same expression in most of them – a tight smile that never quite made it to his eyes.
“You were in bed with me.”
A few minutes later, he pulled up in front of international arrivals. She leaned across the seat and kissed him quickly on the cheek. “Wish me luck.”
“Yeah, he said.” She bit her lip. “Fuck.”
“Mary’s disappearance was a shock for him. And in many ways, a relief.”
Sherlock looked up at Greg. “You asked the questions, Detective Inspector. In any case, they all lead nowhere.”
Kate just stared at him. “Saying it twice won’t make them appear. Where do you keep scissors?”
She nodded. It was only two blocks from her apartment.
“I knew Moriarty lived in Canada – primarily Montreal and Ottawa – for several years before he moved back to Britain. Most likely from 1998 until mid-2002. He was a contractor then – murder for hire, extortion, that sort of thing. But he got bored. The smart ones always do.”
“Yes, well, it’s gone now.” He stands and takes a small spray bottle from his coat pocket. “Close the curtains, John.”
He stepped into the shower. He turned his face up into the spray and when the water hit his eyelids he saw a picture, a freeze-frame of Moriarty’s face, his eyes widened in surprise.
Washburn clears his throat again. “She said Spain, I think. No, Portugal. One of those timeshare places, a friend owned it but couldn’t use it. I can find out from one of the girls if you like.” He shakes his head. “It’s a hen party out there most days.  Fi told me she planned to go off the grid on holiday. No phone or internet, if you can believe it. Who does that now?”
Kate waited until she heard the bottom door slam, then went back to the kitchen table and lifted a small container from the take-out bag. “Cookies, anyone?”
“What is it?” John asked.
even if you are serving me tea in bed.”
“How are you doing?” Lestrade sat in Sherlock’s chair opposite John. “You look better.”
“Put it on the table with the other one.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair.
“Not so fast. You will hyperventilate.” Sherlock patted her shoulder twice. “Just lean back. Your airway is obstructed.” He gently shoved her shoulders back against the chair. “There, now slowly breathe in and out, in a consistent and measured rhythm.”
“Oi, shut it or you get shite.”
Sherlock retreats and I collect the rest of her information. Her name (Charlotte Ivan), her sister’s name (Fiona Miller), sister’s mobile number and employer (Shipton Building Society, Holborn). Because it
John sat for a moment, trying to make his heart slow down. Trying to take all the ridiculous pieces of information swirling around his head and put them in some kind of rational order that he could understand. That he could accept. He wished he had Sherlock’s mind palace. Because it was all too much. He could feel himself shutting down. But then a lone thought flashed across his brain in neon colors. And it changed everything.
Mycroft smiled. “Anthea is in Tahiti. Don’t make a scene, John. Get in the car.”
“Let me guess. John is yours.”
He only kept it because unlike the other flowers that were delivered to Baker Street in the days after Sherlock’s death – lilies from Molly, a small arrangement from Sherlock’s parents, white tulips from Anthea – this one was addressed to Sherlock. He sent all the others downstairs to Mrs. Hudson. The gift card, tucked into the wrapping, was white vellum, the five word message written in a barely legible scrawl.
“Not anymore. Plus I don’t think alpaca goes well with baby vomit.”
Over the clatter of dishes and the static of a hundred conversations, Sherlock closed his eyes and smelled chlorine and Semtex. He remembered playing the game that was never his to win, John standing by his grave under a brilliant summer sky. He remembered his own hand spread out against a brick wall in an alley somewhere in Serbia, knowing that if he took his hand away, he would collapse and never get up again. He leaned back in the booth, tracing patterns in the condensation that coated his glass.
“There is no evidence to support that conclusion.”
Sherlock moved his arm away and Simon stepped back.
“Sherlock!” John stood with his hands on his hips. “I have to go.”
“You were away for two years. Did anyone know the truth?” the reporter asked. She was young and eager and held the microphone in front of Holmes, staring up at him as if he were Jesus Christ risen from the dead.
. What would you do if Sarah came back?”
She’d requested this case three months ago. Her superintendent in the Cold Case Unit had told her to submit her proposal in writing – so she did – ten pages of annotated and footnoted brilliance that was half fact, half conjecture. For weeks she waited for him to at least acknowledge he’d received it. When he didn’t, she added “useless fucker” to the long list of reasons why she hated him. Other offenses included his taste in ties (red, always red), the way he slurped his coffee, and number one on her list for the last year, his refusal to even consider her transfer request to Toronto.
“I’m leaving this afternoon.”
Sherlock looked away for a second and stared at the changing, falling leaves. It hurt to breathe sometimes, but you kept on doing it.
Sherlock stood. “No. John knows nothing. Nothing. He has no idea why he is going to die a horrible, unnecessary, wasted death in less than twelve hours.” He began to pace the room. Greg stayed still in the chair. He knew better than to interrupt.
“Possibly. But you are too emotionally invested in the outcome to think logically. I hoped you had changed.”
. . .” and this is where I make a spectacular leap based on little more than a hunch . . . “Mrs. Maureen Washburn.”
could have imagined that amount of shock on his brother’s face. Mycroft’s jaw went slack and he stood there frozen, underneath the slowing propellers, while the back-up team inside waited for instruction. It was quite unlike Mycroft not to give orders, not to have a plan ready. Sherlock felt some sort of satisfaction at seeing that, and relief, that he wasn’t the only one out of his element.
Mycroft was not used to these sorts of antics. Going into the field was not his cup of tea, never had been. All of the adrenaline, and blood,  and loud noises... it was quite a nuisance. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t do it. No, if Mycroft had wanted, he could have been the best field agent the British government had ever seen. He knew it inherently and that had always been quite enough to satisfy his ego. He didn’t actually need to
cat after
Despite what Sherlock thought, John was not an idiot. He could put the pieces together in his head, same as anyone else: Sherlock had gone to investigate a kidnapping. He hadn’t answered his phone. Lestrade had found him, nearly a day later, still at the Carruthers’ house. Alive. (Not alive and
My heart was beating rapidly. I felt dizzy, all of a sudden. This wasn’t at all what I had expected.
“Sherlock! Wait up,” I heard John call behind me in the corridor. I kept walking, was almost jogging now. I slammed into the door at the end of the hall and flung it open as I exited the building. It smacked loudly on the side of the wall. It hadn’t been the same one we’d entered in, however; it was a side door, I hadn’t known where it would go. I’d just followed the nearest “Exit” signs I could find.
“Now?” I whined. “I’m roughly two brilliant epiphanies away from solving this case, and you want to do it
“That’s what I would have said. If you...” I trailed off, not wanting to name it.
“Of course I—
Sherlock’s face relaxed as he understood. “Ah, I see. No, we were never… we weren’t in love.”
“Is it you?” she asked, searching his face. “Is it really John Watson?”
Sherlock was not there.
“Sherlock Holmes,” John announced, loudly, “survived jumping off a building, a bullet to the heart, and multiple armed standoffs with dangerous criminals, only to be killed by his refusal to wear a seatbelt.”
I avoided looking at any of them. “It would appear that there may be some...” I cringed, feeling sick, “merit, to Anderson’s theory.”
sixteen year old boy, I was going to say whatever she wanted to hear to get off.
you, in a way, you know? What to know what it… I mean, Sherlock, I’ve never had a relationship with a man. I’ve never been
And now, she had nothing.
John blinked, still unnerved by her plan. “There’s… there’s always a choice, Mary. For instance…” He thought quickly. “I could tell Moriarty what you’re plotting.”
“Oh, do shut up,” Anna cut him off. “Quit being such a know-it-all.” She stalked off to the kitchen to check on the kettle.
She had known Mycroft was right.
a sort of drug. He wasn’t like the stupefactious happiness of morphine, or the sharpness and vigor of cocaine, nor the energized focus of nicotine. He was more like the giddiness of caffeine: pure, heart-beating, belly-leaping
Anna wondered whether or not Mycroft could ever say anything
“I know, John.”
” contentedly in response, scraping his nails all the way down Sherlock’s spine.
“We should be off,” Mary said suddenly, snapping out of a momentary paralysis. “Come along, Annalise.”
“Well, no... not if it’s right. But it gets more... manageable.”
John woke up to a thin line of bright sunlight streaming in through the blinds and onto his face. He was laying on his side, facing the window—not his usual position, for that very reason. “Ugh,” he groaned, rolling onto his back. His head swam, throbbing in pain. He tried thinking back to the night before… he remembered Sherlock left, and he’d steadily drunk himself into oblivion... John crunched his eyes together. What happened after that? Flashes of memory came back: the hallway outside the bathroom, the bottom of the washtub, Sherlock’s drenched shirt and hair. John opened his eyes, confused. What
Anna pulled out her map once she was a little ways in, using a keychain flashlight on her pack to look at it.
There was a knock at the door and John nearly jumped out of his skin. He left the kettle heating on the stove as he padded down the hallway, trying to breathe normally, to still his racing heart. He opened the door.
The thing was, I hadn’t been in love. Ever. Not even close, not even once. I just didn’t have those feelings for other people. Those warm, fuzzy, head-in-the-clouds feelings that everyone always talks about. I’d never felt “butterflies,” I’d never been nervous around someone because I liked them “like that.” But it occurred to me then that I had felt something close: the giddiness I experienced when John was around. He was the only person I ever looked forward to seeing, and I supposed that was as close to being in love as anything. As close as I was going to get, anyway.
?” whispered one of Anna’s classmates. Sherlock was there for a sort of show and tell—each child’s mother or father was supposed to come into class and get up in front of the other children to talk about what they did for their jobs. Today was Anna’s turn to bring in one of her parents.
John felt sick, all of a sudden
I curled my finger, and found his prostate.
I peeled myself off of John’s shoulder and stood back on my own feet, not realizing until that moment how much of my weight he had been supporting. I looked down in awe at the sight of my semen spattered on his shirt, and then again as he took his hand and squeezed his own erection through his trousers.
“Sherlock Holmes and John Watson,” John said placatingly. “We’re er, detectives.”
“I hate myself so much that I have affairs with married men to get any kind of self worth,” Donovan said. “Hello, freak.”
“If you wanted to date Sherlock, why didn’t you do it before now? That is why I introduced you.”
“No, I know it’s a case, but couldn’t you have, you know,” Sherlock looked down at him imperiously. “Solved it from home, like the others this morning.”
“Yes of course, but Alex wanted a look into my work so I’m inviting him to see what I do.”
John slid slightly along the wall before righting himself. “A backup what?”
John risked a glance back up at Sherlock. He was staring at John, eyebrows so far down over his eyes that he must be getting a headache, looking violently confused.
“Okay, ehm, do we…?” John said.
“I didn’t-- you know what I mean. Why should you have to change yourself? Why can’t the Macfucker appreciate you for what you are?”
“It should be!” Sherlock burst out, rather loudly in the contained cab. They both made eye contact with the cabbie in the rearview mirror, and John held a hand up with a tight smile to apologize.
Sherlock didn’t acknowledge the remark, and John pretended he didn’t wait up in his bed to hear Sherlock come home later that night.
“Mmmf mmff ffmm,” The first debater said.
John and Sherlock got the text and went down to get a cab. John felt the usually adrenaline in his veins for the thrill of a new case, alongside the new addition of nervousness sitting in his gut.
Sherlock tilted his head at John. “Why?”
The king interrupted before Sherlock could insult their subjects any further. “What Sherlock means to say is, were any of you at the ball last night so that you may compare your hand to the bruise on my son’s arm?”
The people don’t seem to know they’ve told him. Nobody has ever gasped, covered their mouth and exclaimed, “I don’t know why I said that!” Nobody around John reacts to the declarations, either. It’s like the person just communicates their dirty laundry to John and John alone.
“I’m not sure,” Sherlock said, pulling his coat in around himself and crossing his arms. “I’ll have to think.”
John shook his head. “Jesus, Sherlock, where did you learn to flirt? Softcore porn?”
John felt his hackles raise for a moment before he realized what was going on. “Nope, you’re not goading me. We’re going to the clinic, princess.”
Sherlock looked through the financial files while John chatted with Wilkney. That seemed to be his job, most of the time; distract the normal people so that Sherlock could get at the important information. He rather suspected that Sherlock didn’t like being observed as he worked, since he looked so silly contorting himself all over to observe tiny details, and John was happy to draw the gaze away.
“No.”
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock. “What are you saying precisely, princess?”
Sherlock was sipping some dark liquor, reclining in the booth next to the radio while the rest of them talked about sports and various other manly topics. John, sitting on a wooden chair pulled up to the edge of the table and thus sitting across the corner from Sherlock, regularly caught his eye to make sure he was still having a fun time and didn’t need to go home. Sherlock gave him a tight smile every time. It wasn’t very convincing, but John decided if he was making the effort to appear happy, he wanted to stay.
John looked up. “Going to meet his parents?”
“No,” he made out the low groan of Sherlock. “No, Alex I--”
It continued in that vein for a while. Sherlock went on dates with the professor, John went to work, and they went on cases together.
“I just… don’t.” John said. At Sherlock’s arched eyebrow he continued, “I don’t know, he just rubs me the wrong way.”
John nodded. “Mmm, breakups can be heard. Try to let him down easy, y’know, not you it’s me, et cetera et cetera.”
He turns on Baker Street and a dog walker says “I contemplate murder on such a regular basis that I’m afraid I’ll eventually commit one. Lovely day, isn’t it?”
He stilled to listen in the silence. The MacFucker was leaving, and Sherlock was quietly shutting the door on his back.
“Right sorry, but… A date? With who?”
“I don’t need a wheelchair,” Sherlock growled. “I am only a teensy bit,” he swayed on his feet here, and the doctor pulled him back against her. “Lightheaded.”
The cab stopped, and they climbed out and walked up to 221B.
“Well, I do meet up with some old mates to play rugby once a week. I really should exercise more,” John said, patting a hand on his abdomen.
Sherlock gave him the same look that John gave Sherlock when he was being a bit not good.
A touch of panic heated John’s gut. “No, I thought he was at home.”
“It’s not a threat, it’s a warning.” John realized.
Lestrade, on the other end of the line, leaned back in his desk chair, eyes raised. After a brief moment of contemplation, he set his feet up on the desk and agreed. Then he settled into a long discussion of details and backup plans with John, before hanging up the phone and shaking his head at himself. When he’d made Detective Inspector, he’d expected gruesome murders, grizzly detectives, and oodles of paperwork, but he hadn’t prepared himself for all of the hell that went along with Sherlock Holmes and company.
Lestrade looked askance.
He could smell the smoke over the smell of the hundreds bodies sweating in silk. It was remarkably similar to the stables when the quartermaster burned the rotting hay-- sweat, smoke, and earth. John took a deep breath, and made the conscious decision to let himself enjoy the next few hours, future be damned.
“Hmm, no-- wait,” Sherlock whipped around toward him. “It’s maths homework?”
Doctor Robinson laughed. “Oh, that’s the perfect title for him. You should’ve seen him trying to glare at the tongue depressor in his own mouth.”
It was at this point, John halfway to boiling, that Alex smiled, leaned across the corner, and softly kissed Sherlock.
John looked up at Sherlock to see his response to being called “Sher”. To his disappointment, he didn’t flinch at all. “I don’t see how you could miss anything, the case was so cut and dry.”
“Lestrade?” He called. “Has anyone been upstairs?”
John nodded, adjusting his tee shirt. It was a little tighter than he usually wore, but it was leftover from his army days, when all he wore off uniform was band tees and dark jeans.
A knife of uncertainty twisted in John’s stomach. “Well. Yes, but I admit I’m not-- entirely unbiased on the subject.”
“Mmm, I feel like I could die in your arms anyway,” Sherlock said, reaching a clumsy hand out to John’s bicep. “I’d do anything to be in these strong arms.”
Sherlock’s phone cut off, and then started ringing again. Donovan and Anderson, along with the photographer and a few other staff followed up the stairs and started collecting evidence. There wasn’t much, but they scraped the dust off the floor and took pictures, grasping at straws.
John giggled. He turned back around to Sherlock and took his hand. Sherlock artfully arranged their arms so that neither of them were leading or following. Just dancing, together. Sherlock hummed along with the waltz coming muffled through the ballroom walls.
“You have to take at least one of them. C’mon, this woman says she’s being stalked, we have to help her.”
“Doctor,” Sherlock slurred with confidence.
“Thought the same thing myself.”
“No! No, I promise, I’m just entering the answers as he gives them to me.”
John and the debaters all looked down at his naked body in the shower. He ran a soapy hand over a belly that was softening as he approached middle age. He looked at his ugly hobbit feet. He brought a hand up to touch the ragged, ramshackle scar tissue in his shoulder. Finally, he poured some shampoo in his hand and scrubbed it through his wiry, greying hair.
Now, however, they were at an impasse. John had experience with men, some, of course. Sherlock presumably did, too, based on how bloody well he handled John through his trousers, but he hadn’t disclosed much of his history.
“Um, yes, but I’d really prefer if you didn’t--”
“She’ll get another chance someday,” the woman sighed. “She’s had a hard life, she deserves it.”
“How are you doing then?”
John received lots of messages about cases, but they were usually sent to the blog. This one came to his personal email, which was unusual. It took a moment of searching his brain to remember who doctor Wilkney was, but once John remembered, he politely asked Sherlock to take the case on so he could solve it for his friend.
“That was fast,” John said on the way home.
“Sherlock,” the prince said like a confession. “My name is Sherlock. A presume you don’t come to things like this often, being a stable hand?” He extended his hand for John to shake anyway. Strange royal that didn’t expect a bow.
“John?” He asked again.
John lay back down. He felt an odd sprig of discomfort at the sound of Sherlock having such a good time with someone else.
John nodded tightly as he followed Sherlock into the house. “Is his bedroom up here?”
Sherlock blushed lightly. He stood and quickly walked out of the room, returning a moment later with a small tin box.
John heard Anderson tell him that he was cheating on his wife, but he still got a dull kind of satisfaction from Sherlock repeating it. It was like Sherlock was figuring out the things that John was just being told.
Sherlock shook his head. “Well, yes, but this one.”
Sherlock nodded violently, gaze fixed on John’s lips. “Of course, John.”
“Well I was the only other person there, John, surely your deductive skills can achieve that answer.”
“Me?”
Sherlock shook his head jerkily. “Just blood to my head, John, nothing to concern yourself over.”
He quickly took the steps, concerned that some other, friendlier people had broken into his flat. When he opened the door, however, there was only Sherlock, in his armchair, and a man that looked vaguely familiar.
Step two: sexuality crisis (surprisingly brief).
John dropped his satchel by the door, shrugged off his jacket directly onto the floor, Boots bag disappearing underneath it, and walked toward the couch.
“Mister Watson?”
Sherlock looked up, bright eyes and giant, open mouthed grin making him look ten years younger. “Physics, John! The library in Alexandria may have had evidence of planets in the solar system hundreds of years before their previously recorded discovery!”
John nodded. “I think heroin and cocaine, yeah,” and then remembering that with the recent news, Sherlock was still a public figure. “When he was younger, not recently.”
“Trying to sleep.”
“And you knew this Wilkney man, when, exactly?”
Lestrade was very reluctant, but finally allowed Sherlock and John to tour the parents’ house, on the condition that they don’t actually interact with them. John overheard them talking to the police in the kitchen, and it caused a pain in his chest to hear the mother sobbing.
That’s stupid, he thought. Why should I be upset? Sherlock’s having fun. The discomfort didn’t appease.
John climbed into the cab and waited for Sherlock to get settled so that he could look him in the face when he said, “You can tell me anything, Sherlock, I really won’t judge.”
Inside John’s mind there is a little man turning a crank to continue his brain function. He imagined Sherlock’s had a steam engine, but John just had the miniature version of himself and the hand crank. The brain man stopped turning and gaped at Sherlock too.
“You may think yourself above human folly, but I know what’s going on here. Saying you should be better, that if you change people will like you more,” John inclined his head. “Your self esteem has taken a hit. And my professional opinion is that if someone you date is damaging your self esteem, you leave that fucker at the curb without a word of apology.”
“Wife, helpmate, whatever,” Sherlock called back. “Come ON, John.”
“Go get some, then.” He replied distractedly.
“Okay, Sherlock, who’s texting so much?”
John’s shoulders suddenly felt the weight of being so outside of everything these people were. He hadn’t taken dancing lessons. He didn’t even own the suit he was wearing; it’d be back to his sturdy stableboy clothes at midnight. He spotted an open door to a side room, and he eagerly stepped through it.
A memory occurred to John. “Hey wait, do you remember when we met?”
“Mm, wisdom tooth came in, cut off something or other, caused an infection. When they took him in for surgery, he was running 104.”
“He doesn’t have a housekeeper,” Lestrade called after Sherlock who was already starting toward the stairs.
“You will eventually. You’re already getting tired of body parts in the sink and yelling at clients and playing the violin while you’re sleeping.”
To his surprise, Sherlock-- or subconscious Sherlock, replied. “Romantically, sexually, platonically, any way I can have you. I just never want you to leave my life.”
This idle thought was quickly interrupted when Sherlock spread his pale legs and revealed his inner thighs. Every vein had been tapped, track marks in shiny relief against his pale skin like swiss dots. There must be thirty, fifty even, little spots where Sherlock had succumbed to his demons and injected his drug of choice.
“I just don’t see what was so irritating about what he was saying,” John said, shrugging nonchalantly. John really was a very bad actor, but Sherlock was so worked up that he didn’t appear to notice.
“Why not, I want to get at your bollocks,” John said plainly.
“I don’t, much. I just find Alex very… stimulating.”
“If I didn’t like him I wouldn’t waste my time going on a date, now would I?”
Alex looked up, and Sherlock immediately yanked the magnifying glass from his extended hand to look for himself. “A scroll was found in a recent excavation in Egypt. I was allowed to see it only for a moment while it was passed around in my department, but I copied down as much as I could for Sherlock.”
“Not precisely. I like Alex, and I like having regular affection with someone, but he’s likely to be passing,” Sherlock said simply. John’s heart raced a bit. “It’s everyone else that’s the problem. Alex is fairly representative of the population at large. If I don’t become nicer, better, then eventually, everyone else will leave too.”
“We have no idea. Never seen anything like it.” Lestrade shook his head at the scene.
“Oh, fuck, John,” Sherlock breathed, and John smiled until his shoulder, because he thought he’d never tire of hearing that noise in his life.
The clock clanged loudly from the tower, and John startled violently, grabbing Sherlock’s bicep in a tight grip.
“We do?” John asked stupidly, shoving the last of his spaghetti in his mouth.
“Why?”
“Whatever. We don’t need flashy looks. He’s our best friend. He loves us, too. Otherwise he wouldn’t live with us, like Mike said.”
On his computer they’d found thousands of visits logged on the dark web, pictures of photoshopped creatures and pseudo-fascist promotional images. There was an amazon order for cleaning materials, as John had suspected, but also a bulk sized bottle of sleeping pills. He was a regular visitor of anonymous websites, contributing to message boards about radicalized conspiracy theories, and groups for discussing humanity’s downfall.
They looked at each other for a moment before breaking into laughter.
John felt a flutter of excitement, and then a wave of guilt. He should not be excited at the thought of them breaking up, and yet, he absolutely did. “What are you going to do about it?”
John felt a warm sensation in his chest. “You… you talked to me?”
“Alright,” he said.
When John and Sherlock walked in the door, a couple boxes of equipment in tow (John had managed to convince Sherlock to consolidate all his experiments so that they could take a cab after all), Mary barred their way with her arms crossed and her feet planted firmly on the ground.
God damn it all. Why did mothers always have to be right?
Sherlock made another sound into John’s mouth as John’s tongue was busy tasting Sherlock’s. John made a sound too, involuntarily and Sherlock pulled him impossibly closer. John had wondered many times if Sherlock was amenable or even capable of this sort of thing and the myriad of evidence that he was not was part of the reason why John had never tried any of this before. Although a bigger part of the reason was that before Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s, John had not really known how much he had wanted to. And after Sherlock had jumped there had been Mary and John thinking he’d got over wanting to at all.
I pushed the door open wide and he let go and backed up, to let me in. I kept walking to him until I had him cornered up against the wall, afraid, again. The door swung back on its hinges and shut with a definitive “click.”
“On a Saturday?” Anna asked.
John felt a sob push up through his throat, and a sort of tenderness that he hadn’t felt since the day the thing had happened. “I promise, Sherlock.”
Anna sat back and rested one arm in the windowsill, watching the hearse pull up. She ran her fingers across her lips, deep in thought, then suddenly turned to face him again. “You know,” she said, “I used to think that you were my real father.”
“Never,” I managed. The world was going white.
. “I can feel his breath over my right shoulder, so I know his head is bent over there,” she went on.
And before Anna could react, two strong guards were behind her, grabbing her arms, twisting the one until she dropped the knife. She struggled and looked over at Moriarty, in shock.
—it’s four in the morning, there won’t be anyone there!”
Molly nodded.
Anna retrieved the key and brought it back to the box, knelt in front of it, and slid it into the lock. She turned it and heard a series of clicks.
Oh, how he wished he hadn’t looked on the bed. Beside the towel that had obviously been laid down to catch bodily fluids, there was an old photograph of John from boot camp when he and some other recruits had gone swimming in the nearby lake. John was much younger, then, of course, and very fit, and tan, and shirtless, and… Sherlock was tossing off to it.
“Like God,” John suggested.
“Are you telling me,” he began, now audibly growling, “that you developed scurvy just to get me here for a case?”
quite a few people at the funeral. Sherlock showed up late, on purpose, so that he could sneak in and sit in the last row; but he ended up having to stand, as all the pews were full. He slinked along the back wall and leaned against a pillar, taking in the scene.
As soon as they were in the door Sherlock fell out of John’s arms and onto the floor. John started stripping off the rest of Sherlock’s clothes and his own and it was a bit before he realized the door was still wide open and he was letting all the heat out. His brain was clearly not working right and he commented on that too. “Ah, let’s close the door, keep all the heat in, there we go, alright Sherlock, let’s get in the bath, come on.” But Sherlock didn’t move, his eyes were half closed and his skin was still chalky white. John picked him up by his ankles and dragged him through the hallway to the bathroom, talking all the time, set him on the floor and bent over the tub to turn on the taps. He tested the temperature and even the initial cool water burned his skin with its heat.
shouted the voice again. Instead of obeying, she leapt forward and grabbed Anna across the shoulders, holding one of the guns against her temple. “Get off the boat, both of you!” she snarled, turning to the side so that the arm that held Anna’s shoulders could still point its gun at John and Sherlock. They stared at her, unmoving.
John chuckled. “Increased blood flow, eh?” he teased, turning around with two cups of tea in his hands. His smile faded, though, as he looked at Sherlock standing there in front of him.
“Sherlock…” John murmured, now pressing himself even closer to the wall and peering with one eye out the door. “They’re coming.”
“Getting this damn child to stop crying!”
An unexpected side effect of him deleting sexual desire, however, was that he began to look down on anyone who gave into that desire—which was pretty much everyone, especially at uni. He
“No,” Lestrade answered, quietly. “No, but I can guess.”
“And what were the circumstances?”
Her second was:
John removed his hands from his face and saw Anna peering at him out over the blanket. He blinked. “No,” he said, starting to smile. “
“That would be most wise,” he agreed with a subtle smirk.
“Oh,” she said, looking back at the paper. “Like, who will be the new queen?”
“Sherlock,” he said, carefully. “I know you don’t want to talk about it, but I do have to ask you… did they… insert anything?” He tried to make it sound as delicate as possible. “Well, besides….
” Lestrade bellowed, his voice shaking with adrenaline. “
“No.” John shook his head. “I just know when something’s
“I told you, I’m going to have a talk with him!” There was an edge to John’s voice that he had meant to smooth, and Mary narrowed her eyes.
John shook his head in mock agreement, continuing to giggle. “People aren’t
,” he breathed, his vision going a bit fuzzy with the intensity of the feeling. He wasn’t going to last long like this, and he didn’t know how far along Sherlock was, but he certainly didn’t want to be the only one coming so soon. John leaned forward and slid his right hand around to the front of Sherlock’s pelvis, finding his stiff cock there, and gripped it firmly.
I was still livid. Immediately when John had left the flat, I’d regretted everything. Alone in the quiet, staring at his chair, I was reminded of how miserable I was without him, how I could barely even function. There was no way that I could go back to who I’d been, as much as I’d wanted to. This was it. This was who I was, now. I was nothing, except in love with John.
Thanks for reading, and please offer comment/constructive criticism if you have it! This was, again, sort of an experiment for me, at least in writing style. It’s more freeform than I’m used to doing, and I’m not sure if it was successful or not.
Mycroft pressed his fingers onto his eyes, clearly frustrated by Sherlock’s stubbornness. “He shot a man in cold blood. He’s a police officer. He knew the consequences.”
“No.”
Sherlock glanced at John, bewildered by the sudden physical intrusion, and John gave him the
“Of course! I’m her father, aren’t I?” John had said. “Don’t you fret, we’re going to have a blast.” He’d shooed Mary out the door, then turned, smiling optimistically, to four-month-old Anna in his arms.
Molly looked up, her interest piqued. Sherlock must be in a good mood today—he never normally offered up stories about his past.
“You were right.” Lestrade’s voice was hollow, suddenly changed. “I should have shot the bastard when I had the chance.”
“Oh, I won’t,” he told her, with wheezing sound that she was sure was an attempt at a chuckle. “It takes more than a bullet wound to kill Sherlock Holmes. Just ask your father.” He glanced to where John was sitting.
Anna recited the name that Mycroft had given her. “Charlie Walker. He’s a guard,” she said, proudly.
“Sherlock.” John was grinning like a fool, making Sherlock self-conscious of his own expression. He took a breath and looked back at Mary.
“Just come get me when it’s over,” Anna said. She flew through the door and down the stairs.
Sherlock let his hands fall into his lap. “Well, Mrs. Smith, as she went missing on Friday and it is now Wednesday, the odds of your daughter still being alive—“ he heard a “harrumph” from John’s direction and glanced over. John was clearly giving him the
“Oh, did you, then?” John clenched his jaw in frustration.
“That’s preposterous,” I interjected. “You could never be terrible.”
He didn’t answer her.
Lestrade looked back at the lines in the floor. “John, I…”
, you didn’t have to
The admissions lady looked at her. She was just about to pack up and leave for the night, but she smiled at the little girl. “And who is your Daddy?” she asked, kindly.
When John woke up again, it was dark outside. He sat up suddenly, angry with himself that he’d slept the whole day through. His headache had subsided, but he still felt unbalanced and fog-brained—and he had to pee like the dickens.
am at this.”
A nineteen year-old woman was kidnapped. No family drama, no ransom requested.
“That’s one thing that Sherlock always seemed to need as a little boy,” said his mother, a bit disdainfully. “Much more than Mycroft. Maybe it was because Mikey was so beastly to him, I don’t know. But he always seemed lonely, he always needed someone else. Anyway, we bought that dog and the two of them were inseparable for the better part of a year. But then, of course, the bloody thing went out and got itself hit by a car. Stupid animals, dogs.” She put another lump of sugar in her tea, stirring it.
Sherlock stood up and practically stomped to the kitchen. He really shouldn’t be this upset, he knew. The rules were very clear, had been for the last six months: they could keep seeing each other as long as Mary didn’t find out. And part of her not finding out involved her not noticing anything unusual—including any such “rifts.” John should go and rekindle his relationship with her, it would ensure that he and John could continue to see each other.
Sherlock nodded again.
“On top of what?” asked Moriarty, cocking his head.
I asked myself. Because, you know, every time I hurt John, it hurt Sherlock. And how I
), if you think that your affair with John Watson isn’t going to ruin people’s lives.”
“Among others,” I said carelessly, opening the door wider and whirling back inside. My stomach lurched and leapt with the high of seeing him again, and I had to turn away for fear that I looked too pleased.
There it was, a great big LEVI’S logo printed across the front. Sherlock snatched the package out of her hands. “No,” he told her, tucking it under his arm. Then, “Don’t you have biscuits to make?”
Sherlock glanced behind him, to make sure no one he knew was paying attention, before he extracted his second cigarette of the night and lit it with his hand cupped over the end. He took a long drag and exhaled in relief, his eyes closed. It had been a stressful two hours.
“I know,” Sherlock muttered.
“To the police, of course!”
“W-which boat?” Molly stuttered.
John blinked at him. “What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked at him, his eyes suddenly dark. “Please tell me you put a bullet in each of their brains.”
It was all so.... domestic, and nonchalant, and... ordinary. John, bringing me breakfast and kissing me good morning when he’d probably had a major row with Mary just hours before. But he didn’t look like he’d had a row. He didn’t even look tired.
“Fuck,” he breathed, and he came, all over the sink, faucet, mirror, thinking about being tangled in John’s sheets, their bare skin touching in a thousand places.
