For a moment Sherlock stood there, his hand awkwardly resting on the other man's shoulder. Then the Doctor shrugged him off. "Yeah, well. Burglary of this scale is a capital offence on their planet anyway. Shame, though - I would've liked to have seen what was in there."
Gibbon narrowed his eyes piggishly. "Can you describe the ranking of the periodic table in terms of the elements' reactivity, then, Mr Holmes?"
John shook his head. "I don't know, but I think I blew my chance to find out. I mean, you probably saw on stage that he's not particularly fond of me since I asked about it."
John finished, stroking one finger down the detective's pale cheek.
Bill's
. Sherlock was a whirlwind; John had been with him for just over an hour and he already occupied 90% of his brain function. How long, if he actually
After an age, John began to breathe again, feeling Sherlock's chest heaving against his own, the lips on his collarbone curving into a smile as their bodies began to unfurl. He pressed a gentle kiss against the detective's forehead and felt a contented breath huff against his chest in return.
been encouraging whatever he was doing for the past few weeks because I thought I could handle it, but I couldn't. It was just too much, the sensory flooding of John's smell and the sound of his breathing and my own heart and the feel of his lips and nose and breath against me and the urge to press harder, pull closer, to give and take
Perhaps – well,
together in a few hours, after all, and he didn't want Sherlock in this foul a mood when they arrived there.
It took a moment for him to get his breath back, panting heavily, still resting most of his weight on the teacher's broad shoulders. Gently, when he recovered, he slipped his legs off the other man's back.
Peters made for Sherlock, but John was quicker; he grabbed the mercenary's arm and swung him around, twisting the arm up behind his back and pinning him against the wall. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, far too focussed on prying the lid off the polished wooden box.
For a moment, John thought about protesting that he couldn't just be bought off with chocolate, but the dark mint Cauldrons were his favourite, so he threw the door open and watched his younger classmate glance nervously around his living room. "What are you doing here, Sherlock?" he asked, closing the door behind him. "Are you all right?"
The young teacher sat back on his heels and flexed his fingers out in front of him before beginning chest compressions. John and Bill exchanged another nervous glance. "He's not going to make it," Bill vocalised finally.
John frowned, trying to follow the chain of reasoning. It seemed impossible that such a huge revelation could mean so little for them. "So Mycroft was right," he concluded. "The Queen's interest in Carfax isn't really relevant to her disappearance."
And yet – how cruel, if not of Sherlock then of
? Of course I'm real."
"Of course," Sherlock interrupted. "But… I want to please
from the top of the book pile.
The Ambassador looked down at his godson and smiled softly. "Vulcans feel even more deeply and acutely than humans do. Raw emotions the way that a Vulcan feels them can destroy a person - they become too much to bear without collapsing underneath their weight. So Vulcans learn on their own at a very early age to control them, to lock them away, to
block everything out when I'm trying to think, to close off my brain to every input except the thoughts swirling around behind my eyes. The lack of latent inhibition allows me to notice everything; the ability to block background things out when I need to enables me to
"Remember how you got in," Sherlock told him. "I know T'Penya helped you, but I'm guessing she told you to think of your mind as separate from your brain - to think of your mind travelling into mine through your fingers?" John nodded. "Well, now you have to remember that your body is still where you left it, and imagine the version of you that is here reaching out to it, so that it can travel back through your fingers into your head. I'd imagine T'Penya will still be in contact, she'll feel you reaching out and help you if you need it."
With a grunt of disgust, Molly spun on his heel and flapped an arm as if to dismiss the very idea of Orsino. John tried not to be offended.
The butler shrugged. "I'm afraid not," he said carelessly. "Lord Brackenstall did not involve me in his work. I do know that it was highly confidential and I will have to ask you not to peruse any papers marked as such, or I will involve the government directly."
to fill my mind with sense instead of noise, I'd have to struggle my way through absolutely everything by myself and I wouldn't be able to rely on anyone else." John could feel his heartbeat in his throat now, forcing him to swallow thickly. Sherlock was looking at him with this
John frowned, not following. "To what?"
, of course, but he had been more focussed on the flaws in Burbage's performance than the action of the scene. Had Sherlock missed a line? "
Sherlock suddenly stopped dead, turning in the road to face him, his face contracted in irritation. "John," he said, sounding unreasonably frustrated, "
He released his friend's cock, looking up at him innocently. "Yes?" he teased.
Sherlock made no such attempt to muffle his drawn-out whine of,
here?" he asked instead.
The lanky man, looking startled to be addressed, shrugged bewilderedly. "I don't know!" he exclaimed, his voice almost affronted. "It could be anything! You're Sherlock Holmes, you figure it out!"
The Doctor's mouth was open, but he was shaking his head in a desperate inability to answer when it became apparent; Kirsty threw her head back and emitted a terrible scream. Sherlock watched, his own mouth falling open, as something dark seemed to
John unfolded his legs and crossed them at the ankle in front of him instead, trying to suppress the warmth still spreading from the spot Sherlock had touched as he watched him interact gleefully with Will for a moment on stage before turning to deliver the final monologue of the scene.
John grit his teeth and moved on without comment: he knew it was completely irrational to not want the two of them to rehearse together. They had more stage time together than John did with Sherlock, and rehearsing with someone he admired so much could only make Ben more inspired and determined. It was odd how possessive he had become of Sherlock after barely knowing him for a week.
The detective shoots him a stern look. "No," he replies shortly. "We've got to go and see the Lady Trelawney-Hope. Her information could be vitally important."
John chuckled. "I never understood your obsession with your hair," he mentioned, reaching back down to stroke it gently. Sherlock leaned into his touch like a cat.
Sherlock had left the Globe by the time John arrived; he suspected this was intentional and had left his flat a few minutes later than usual to allow it, but it didn't stop his face from falling slightly.
, and even though he knew there was no way they would ever go
Sherlock turned to look at him. "
A soft mumbling noise came from the Doctor, who pulled out the sonic screwdriver again and aimed it at the computer. Sherlock frowned, but whatever it was it seemed to work; the screen flickered and changed, the black coding box appearing and shifting through commands at blinding speed. "There we go," the Doctor said brightly, tucking the screwdriver back into the inside pocket of his tweed jacket and tugging sharply at his bowtie. "Now, let's see… automatic relock system, secondary charges placed against each corner of the – oh!"
The aforementioned sergeant turns the corner – evidently she's been purposefully avoiding the scene
"I can do anything," the Doctor said brightly, cocking his head confidently and staring at the computer screen. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow and tried not to smile. The alien was so cheerfully cocky he almost made Sherlock believe him.
Sherlock cried, wringing his hands together in sudden emotion.
want me."
"How would I truthfully portray a woman?" John asked scathingly. "I haven't the first idea what being a woman feels like."
Bill looked disgusted. "Oh, and that makes it all right to cheat on Sophia, does it?"
he relented.
"Boot camp," Sally said, her voice suddenly breathy. "John, you're so brave. Will you join the army?"
He started up his slightly over-the-top series of quiet groans and pleas of
"Meld with Sherlock?" John repeated, looking at him. He'd never considered that before. He knew that psi-null beings could learn to initiate melds with psi-able beings, but it had always been an abstract concept, something that
"Of course," Sherlock assures him.
that he follow this as far as he could? And yet… "That's just it, though – he's
to think because I've thought it all over a million times and there's no new information because
been involved, but closed it again fairly quickly. "Sorry," he said instead. Sherlock barely glanced at him, bending back to his pile of papers.
John grinned at his friend when Will looked up at him. "Everyone thought he was stupid at school," he told Sherlock. "I was the only person who knew him well enough to know there was something behind his complete lack of concentration. A few people we knew turned up the first time we played a draft form of
, like he ought to have been doing it all his life, and at the same time so
. The swimming pool. I want to go and see. Something's not right."
he asked, folding his arms in interest.
I can't compare to Sherlock Holmes!"
John?"
Sherlock shakes his head. "Um. He's actually in the shower at the moment," he lies. Sherlock's lips turn up into a lazy and utterly delectable half-smile. "Could I help instead?"
"Yeah," John replied cheerfully. "With my parents' financial situation I could never get through med school on my own. And I don't care about called to serve – I want to help people, and the front line's probably where they'll need help the most."
The detective throws his overnight bag and his coat over the back of his sofa and gets ready to sweep straight into his room and slam the door; John sees this coming and calls out to stop him.
Jim's mouth twisted knowingly as he looked John quickly up and down. "No," he lilted in amusement. "No, I would assume
he said, taking a sharp breath in to signal the change of thought.
had been tied to this bed, and recently, judging by the amount of stick on the tape. But there were no obvious ligature marks on the dead man's wrists, and a quick examination under the magnifier showed that there was no trace of the hair loss that would surely result from ripping off the tape.
ever worn a corset, so he simply smiled weakly in response. "I started acting when I was fifteen because I thought it would help me as a detective. You know, if I could pretend more easily that I was supposed to be places where I wasn't authorised, et cetera. I was a late developer, and at fifteen my voice hadn't dropped and I hadn't grown into my body, and so when I started acting the company insisted on training me to play women."
Julien smirked and pulled him closer again, their lips meeting with more force this time. Sherlock could feel his cock reacting to each swipe of the French boy's lips, each graze of his fingernails through the fabric of his shirt – the fingernails especially, he wasn't sure why – and when he started lazily rocking his lower half forwards so that their groins brushed together and he could feel that the other boy was having the same reaction, his body flushed almost painfully hot. He'd had erections before, of course; it seemed impossible to pass through the stages of being a teenage boy without them occurring at inappropriate moments. But this was… different. Knowing that it was caused by someone who
"But…" Sherlock floundered, his mouth opening and closing like a goldfish. "But I
I saw you two go up together last night! Went well, then, did it, Watson?
Bill shook his head in amusement. "You have the most specific typology in men that I have ever seen," he commented dryly. John raised an eyebrow.
His wand movements and pronunciation were positively textbook, but not even the tiniest wisp of silvery vapour emerged from the tip of his dark wand. John frowned. Sherlock's cheeks pinked. "Sometimes I get a sort of smoke," he excused.
are not going." Sherlock blinks. John has sat back for most of this case and let Sherlock deal with it, but now there's serious danger and illegality and other adrenaline-fuelled solutions that make John's heart thump painfully and are impossible to resist. John needs to share these moments with Sherlock, needs them like he needs tea to function in the morning. Those snatched breaths after wild chases, mad giggles after near misses with mad axemen, stray looks in dangerous situations, those are the things John knows the consulting detective doesn't share with anyone else.
"Sherlock," John said, so quietly he almost didn't catch it. "Are you saying you… you actually
This remark had the opposite effect than John intended; Jim's other eyebrow shot up and he looked not only interested but
The Lady sat back in her chair, her spoon falling from her long fingers with a clatter. One corner of Sherlock's lush mouth twitched upwards. "I know that this was not the work of the Randall family, that it was not a burglary gone wrong - I know, my Lady, that you have been lying to me."
The detective casts a quick glance back at him before redirecting his eyes back to where they came from. "Love." He says the word without emotion; no trace of disgust or ridicule, but none of reverence or even acceptance either. "It makes people do such awful things."
"Well, you do look marvellously happy together," she says, looking from me to his back. "I remember when Jack and I first got together. That was before the army, of course… don't let him go back, Sherlock," she says seriously.
and his breath was coming out in desperate little gasps and he was
Twenty minutes later Sherlock knocked cautiously on his mother's door. "Mother?"
"It wasn't an experiment," Sherlock said quietly. "I'm sorry, John. I just thought if I… you weren't supposed to find out. I thought this might make it easier –"
on purpose, and if he is, whether he realises the irony of this. John's always imagined that
people Sherlock had done this with – was teetering on the edge, desperate for release.
"Right," Sherlock dismissed, turning back to the pipes, trying to shake off the residual tingles of unease as Hannah very slowly released his arm. "Can you get Fitzherbert's office on the intercom first, we'll see if they can get someone to fix the lights."
how eager John was for a repeat of the first night they had met. "We won't be as active as the first time, I'm afraid, but it should be interesting nonetheless - this way from here."
Sherlock smiles. "All right," he says. "Let's get it over with."
"If it works," John repeated dully. "We're such different people. He's probably already decided that it was a mistake and not to come on Saturday."
John raised a teasing eyebrow, taking a step closer in order to nudge Sherlock in the ribs.
As we're leaving, the young burly officer follows us to the door. I take advantage of this to find the picture of Lady Trelawney-Hope on my phone and hold it out to him.
this and he has to
"Right!" the Doctor snapped him out of it by somewhat violently flipping a lever on the console. Sherlock found something convenient to lean on and watch him. "We'll skip Earth because you've spent plenty of time there already and go straight on to Mars – the first planet colonised by the human race, you'll like this one. 2058, the first group of people built an oxygenated hub on the surface of the planet – by 2150 there was an entire civilisation on there. But
"Are you all right?" the intercom crackled.
they might be disappointed." He paused for a moment while John nodded agreement, then he said, "I like the part of Rosalind, but I think if I'd been offered it I might have turned it down. It needs someone younger."
got better reviews than everyone expected given how old the play was, and then… naturally when he got
Sherlock nodded. "So my best line of inquiry is to travel to Gracechurch Street, by the bridge. And if I can complete my errands on the South Bank at the same time,
"Oh," he said, the surprise not entirely false. "Thank you."
Julien was not certain he could place material worth on the journal of H.H. Holmes. Not in terms that someone of Doctor Watson's financial status could comprehend, in any case. But
concentration, and the outside world tends to get ignored a little. John looks up to find that the object of his attentions is in fact standing right in front of him positively
The cab pulled up outside Baker Street, jolting Sherlock out of his thoughts. He needed to find out whether Charlotte had known Andrew Pearson. If she hadn't, then he could consider dismissing her connections to the others.
Carl's body was jerking in the water, flailing uselessly as the boy struggled to control it enough to pull his head above the water and breathe. John stood up without thinking, dislodging Jim from his lap. "Oh, my God. He's having some kind of fit."
The DI sighed. "We have to go. That interview was going nowhere anyway, we'd already guessed it wasn't her. Strange, though, that she'd dated all three of them."
There was a clatter outside the basement door and the Doctor stumbled into the room as though he had run down the stairs, his screwdriver in his hand. Sherlock smiled tightly at him. "He's down here," he told the secretary. "We have an idea, but we're not sure it'll work."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the butler, who nodded slowly once more. "I am not an expert on such things, but I believe the missing pieces would be the most valuable. They had been in her family for several generations."
The DI actually rolls his eyes at me. John grins. "But look here. It's even soaked through to the other side of the carpet. There should definitely be a stain on the floor, but there isn't," he says, lifting the edge to show us. True to his word, the floor is stain-free. I can feel the corner of my mouth lifting. "The stain on the floor is over here," the silvery-haired man continues, lifting the other corner of the carpet. "Someone's moved this carpet."
They released each other, stepping apart, the air between them gaping awkwardly. Sherlock wanted to step forwards and kiss the doctor, but he wasn't quite sure how to.
They watch each other until Sherlock can't keep the grin off his face. As soon as it appears, John mimics it. "If you put the kettle on now, John, we'll just have time for a cup of tea before the cab gets here."
John smiled wryly. "
Tentatively, Sherlock leaned down and rested his head wistfully on John's shoulder as though in camaraderie.
John watched the others nod and wondered if he wanted to disagree. He'd heard of the situation before, assuming that someone was 'bad' and then finding out it wasn't entirely their fault. Bill had said something about it being discovered in the justice system that most violent people had troubled childhoods, or something. "I guess, if someone like Carl comes along and tries to knock me unconscious after dinner one night, I'm not going to stop and ask him if his father hits him, I'm going to turn around and punch
solve crimes?" Sherlock teased. John made a face that was clearly one step short of sticking out his tongue.
Advance thy halbert higher than my breast,
, he supposed, remembering that his own pants were Gryfindor red.
"With your help, my Lady, I am certain that we will," he replied politely. "Perhaps if you would give me your account, and I will attempt to verify it based on the evidence in the room while you speak."
Shakespeare snorted. "I love you too," he said fondly. "Now go get Sherlock."
The actor nodded, waving the roll of script around eagerly as he spoke. "Viola washes up on the shore of an island and presents herself in male clothing to its Duke, Orsino, as a singer. She falls in love with him, but he is obsessively in love with a young woman called Olivia - presumably to be played by your friend Molly - who in turn wants nothing to do with him because she's in mourning over her dead brother. Orsino sends Viola, as Cesario the singer, to woo Olivia on his behalf, which she does a little too effectively and Olivia falls for Cesario. From what I've seen, I think the action of the play might focus more on Viola wooing Olivia and another subplot without the two of them than on Viola and Orsino themselves."
Sherlock's chuckle broke into a full-throated laugh of triumph. "No," he agreed. "No, it wasn't. It was Frances Carfax."
As soon as that thought wandered through John's head on its own - unencumbered by the idea of
, yes, close," he agreed, speeding up his thrusts into their joined hands. John matched his rhythm, closing his eyes to better feel the hand clutching at his back and the almost-synchronised throbbing of their erections as they built towards something that promised to be utterly incredible. "Hold me, John, please, tightly," Sherlock begged, loosening the hand holding John's to their groins to let him free it. John snatched it away, feeling Sherlock tighten his grip again, even tighter than before, and slipped both hands under the younger boy's back instead to hold him close, so tightly he must have struggled to breathe, but Sherlock only gasped a desperate
The two of them run and run, the only sounds in their ears each other's breathing and the fading sounds of pursuit as the officers fall far enough behind to give up. Finally, Sherlock bends over against a wall in an alleyway, breathing heavily. John leans against the opposite wall so that he can watch Sherlock, out of breath and unusually vulnerable, while he tries to calm his own heaving breaths.
Which straight she gave
happened to him: the spirit that John had so admired was not visible in this timid man at all.
And then, softly so he's fairly sure the detective can't hear, "
with you," John corrected. "And you know I do, Sherlock. You've known it for days now. And I've known you do for days too. And people are
last winter?"
"It's too much to hope that Peters won't be aware of that," Sherlock agreed. "Our best course of action is to let him know we know, surround the house so they can't do anything when the coffin arrives until we can get Mycroft to sign a search paper."
"He was at the pool," John began. "He'd broken in – it was in the paper this morning, I don't know if you saw, and he said that he'd seen it and thought it looked suspicious because they hadn't mentioned having found Carl's
Will arched a dark eyebrow. John had known he wouldn't approve, but the excuse he'd been telling himself didn't seem to have impressed his friend in the slightest. "Solved it," the other man repeated calmly.
He was willing to bet that Sherlock had argued the location with his elder brother and lost; he suppressed a smile. "Right," he replied easily. The detective gave him a warning sort of glare like he knew exactly what John was thinking.
But he could not seem to vocalise what it was he wanted, or perhaps that
John grinned. "If Lestrade's calling us back, he must have new information. Maybe he's realised that Lady Brackenstall wasn't who she said she was. Which means there might be another clue as to why at the house."
– had just rutted himself to climax in a dingy swimming-pool changing room with another boy he'd only just met. He didn't quite know what to think.
Slowly, the pressure in Sherlock's chest built until he recognised it as lack of oxygen rather than the vertigo he'd come to associate with kissing John, and he had to push at the shorter man's shoulders to gasp for air. A quick glance at John's face, though, showed it flushed and desperate, his thin lips glistening with their combined saliva; Sherlock moaned frantically and dove back in, laving the saliva from John's lips and plunging his tongue back into his mouth. John groaned deeply, a rough and broken sound.
He cleared his throat. "Mister Marchbanks, your oxyforest has hatched a murderous swarm of creatures called
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his brother. They both knew their mother couldn't care less, and Mycroft's casual statement rubbed that in like salt over an open wound. He'd missed the train into London for the last three years running, and he didn't see why today should be any different. Tom, the chauffer, was probably expecting to drive him all the way into the city anyway. He smirked. "Fine."
It's so sudden and violent that both of them jump. When John realises that Sherlock yelled loudly enough to give
all the time, casually bumbling about the flat tidying things or sitting in his armchair with a book or the laptop. Sherlock would begin thinking that he evidently couldn't count on his sources in the London swing scene to know someone fitting the description (and yet she
" Ben cried eventually, when they had stopped the dance in favour of the kiss, a tinge of irritation marring his voice. "
He stuck his tongue out childishly at the door, but got up and dressed anyway. His reflection watched from the mirror on the dresser, gangly, slightly gaunt, with high cheekbones and wild curls. He glanced at it carelessly, adjusting his shirt-collar and running a hand through his hair. The Samurai sword was given one last cursory swing before being fitted back into its stand.
would it have been the
Sherlock hummed in agreement, a spark igniting in the depths of his eyes as he grinned at John. "The plot has thickened," he agreed in a purposely theatrical manner. "And no matter what Mycroft says, the reason for the Queen's interest in Lady Carfax is clearly the key to this puzzle."
Crocker looked increasingly nervous at the detective's scrutiny. "We never acted on our love," he insisted. "When we arrived in London we agreed never to contact each other again, and we never did - and then last month,
"Please." Sherlock casts himself onto the sofa like his puppeteer has just given up in disgust. "Is there anything to eat? I have to go out again in an hour or so."
not, John! This morning happened because I feel like this."
Lestrade met them at the door of the spacious central London flat building. "This one's different again," he said glumly, apparently not sharing their enthusiasm for the case.
The faculty manager looked around the office helplessly, frowned heavily at Sherlock, who frowned back, and then latched on Hannah. "Professor Sainsbury, isn't it? What is the meaning of this?"
" he said, listening to his own voice sound small, betrayed.
he said.
– for what? Advice? Had Sherlock perhaps already performed the mass deletion exercise he had planned? Julien felt something in his chest tighten with worry – so many things could have gone wrong with attempting to delete that much of his life. If the man that he had done it for was consulting Julien for help, it could not be positive.
"What?" the detective interrupted on a breath, his plump lips parted, pale throat undulating with breaths he seemed barely able to draw. John swallowed.
John smiled thinly. "No-one ever does," he remarked. "I've always thought it interesting that people jump to conclusions about men spending too much time together, but don't even consider that women might do the same things."
Sherlock nodded briskly. "She's accelerating. And I imagine Trent's behaviour would have reinforced her cause somewhat." His mobile chimed with the address. "Come on, John," he said brightly. The doctor scrambled out of his chair with a brilliant smile, tossing Sherlock's coat and scarf to him as they passed the door. Sherlock folded the crime-scene and ID photographs from the first two murders into an inside pocket of his coat.
in my eyes, spilling down my cheeks and making my shoulders shake.
John chuckled, but stood up, already composing something to say to the great detective in the back of his mind. Will grinned at him from the old writing desk. "And when you've finished confessing your love for him, ask him if he knows anyone who looks like him who wants an acting job."
It was an angry, bruising kiss, more focussed on regaining control and forcing Sherlock to pay attention to him than on the act itself. Even so, as soon as John's brain caught up to his pounding heart and realised what he'd done it was all he could do not to panic. The detective clearly hadn't expected such a move either, and his body had stiffened in shock under John's hands, one of which had planted itself at the nape of his neck to prevent escape.
"Of course you did," he said. "Will was trying to distract you with the final scene, but I told him you'd notice anyway."
"Oh, it's hardly dinner-table conversation." I'd gladly tell them about it, but John says it's not polite to talk about serial killers and MOs while everyone's quaffing miso soup.
The rhino shifted brutishly. "Remain calm," it said in a monosyllabic grunt. "We have no wish to harm you."
Sherlock swallowed awkwardly; he actually looked a little scared at the prospect of his elder brother finding out what he had just done. Lestrade clapped him awkwardly on the shoulder. "I meant to let him know we found Peters but can't connect him to anything. Telling him exactly how we established that won't help anyone."
Sherlock turned his head to finally acknowledge John's approach, lips pursed in a dismissive moue. He allowed the touch when John ran the lightest of fingers across the swell of his bottom lip.
in control, there could be no doubt about it: the placement of his hands on Sherlock's body effectively caged him, not
he said pleasantly.
There was a pause. Then a sound like someone clapping abruptly. "Okay then," the Doctor said brightly, the defeatist tone gone from his voice. Sherlock could picture him jumping up and flexing his fingers in front of him until they cracked. "Let's get you out of there. Invulnerable swarm of Vashta Nerada spreading through a university campus and
it didn't hurt had been anything other than the fact that his body was concentrating all its efforts on feeling the pain in his leg.
The curly-haired genius reached forward as the dragon circled the living room and headed back towards the wizard who had cast it, but before his fingers could connect with the creature it spiralled into vapour and faded, leaving stunned silence in its wake.
"Yeah, but you're
he commanded in as thunderous a voice as he could manage,
And then Sherlock Holmes was kissing him.
"We just weren't ready for each other," Sherlock said quietly. His grey-green eyes flickered up to John's face for a moment before darting shyly back to the window.
Sherlock hesitated, then took a fencer's pose offering at his breast, but didn't strike. John shook his arms emphatically.
this Lady Carfax? Why is she important?"
The French boy sat up, still panting as though he'd just sprinted up the six flights of stairs from the dining-hall. "I apologise," he said finally, watching with concerned eyes as Sherlock swilled water around his mouth. "I was not expecting it to be so… overwhelming."
of these films he'd spent the holidays watching. Then he caught Hannah's eye from the table across the room and rolled his eyes at her. She blushed and looked away hurriedly as though trying to pretend she hadn't been watching the redhead.
Sherlock chuckled into his hair. "I think that would be wise," he agreed, his low, seductive voice ruined slightly by the fact that he hadn't quite managed to catch his own breath. "That is, assuming you still
John raised an eyebrow at Shakespeare over the table as the barman mopped up the beer Ben had spilt with a good-natured
is taken pretty much straight from the work of Stephen Orgel, who uses the exact same Gertrude example. Also, I doubt that people were really applying Freudian theories to
John laughed delightedly. "All those years of thinking you were just… asexual, or something," he mused, bringing his fingers up to draw idle patterns on his chest. "
"If she wasn't in that coffin she wasn't in the house," Sherlock interrupted. He glanced down at the children, both looking up at him like baby birds look at their mother, and managed half a smile. "We do need to know if they leave the house though, it would be beneficial if the two of you could stay here. If one of them leaves without the other, Billy follow the leaver and Elizabeth stay with the other. I'll be at Angelo's all afternoon if anything significant happens."
Lady Brackenstall sat back in her chair and carefully arranged her face back into its serene, out-of-place smile, like lifting a mask back in place. "I appreciate that, Master Watson, Master Holmes," she said softly. Her blue eyes gleamed as she stared them down, wide and trembling, almost
" he snaps back.
John couldn't help but stare a little. "For half of a two-bedroom house in Marylebone?" he said incredulously, ignoring the other implication in the sentence in case it had been accidental.
It was around eleven the next morning that Lestrade called again to inform them there had been another murder. Sherlock looked at the clock in surprise. "Interesting," he replied simply. "Text me the address and we'll leave straight away."
"Well, other than being late, it was a whole lot more interesting than General McAuliffe," he replied nonchalantly, feeling the tense, tightly-strung atmosphere relax as Jim blinked and looked away. John marvelled at how the boy controlled everything, like a spider in the middle of a web – he suddenly wondered whether that made him some kind of trapped insect, and how quickly he could get away. It was ever-so-slightly uncanny, the way he'd seemed so calm even held mere inches away from Carl Powers' face with a death-grip to the upper arm that would probably bruise. "How was English, other than your less-than-appropriate remark about some girl's cleavage?"
When I don't reply, he looks up at me sheepishly. "Why do you say meadow?" I ask him.
He left one hand outstretched inquisitively, so John took it and pressed it to his heart. Sherlock's eyes widened comically.
at Peters' house?" John asked after that grew tiring.
John considers it. "There was a murder in Brighton," he comments. "A woman found dead – eurgh. Strung up against a wall at a meat-packer's. Sounds like quite an exhibition. Everything was red – she'd been dressed in red clothes and there was paint everywhere. Interesting enough for you?" Sherlock makes a so-so gesture, looking profoundly uninterested. "Oh, look," he says, not extending the paper in Sherlock's direction. "They haven't had any luck catching Milverton's killers."
John shook his head in amusement. "It has its advantages," he agreed. " And to think I often had to help him in school - he had so much trouble keeping his mind in one place ."
A thin-fingered hand covers his on Sherlock's bony knee. "I'd rather you did," he says softly. "I like knowing that you care about me."
, anyway?"
To cement the effect, Tom lifted a hand and waved it in front of his face; Sherlock did not react.
, he mused. "
sorry."
The Doctor sighed and scratched the back of his neck. "Oh, boy," he said resignedly.
Trelawney-Hope looks awkward. "It was given to me for safekeeping. I put it in my personal safe for the night, right beside my bed. My wife and I are both light sleepers, no-one could have entered the room in the night without one of us waking up. It was only there for one night, then when I went to collect it the next morning it wasn't there."
to laugh at Sherlock's antics, but when people like Dimmock join in it stops being all in fun and becomes derogatory, like Donovan's constant title of 'freak' that John takes such offense to. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him coolly.
John tried not to stare. "And she owes you a favour for that, does she?"
look before marching off into his bedroom. "Get your coat, John," he calls over his shoulder. "We're going to Pentonville."
That earned a lengthy pause from Sherlock, who eventually sighed in frustration. "I don't know," he admitted reluctantly, spitting out the words as though they were foreign to him. "I don't know enough about Carfax - it's almost certainly one of these mysterious
Expertly, with his free hand, Sherlock fished a blue handkerchief out of his blazer pocket and held it over them, panting hard, his chin bumping John's as their lips sought each other again. Satisfied that he wasn't going to have to walk through London with come on his shirt, John tore their mouths apart to bury his in Sherlock's shoulder and bite down again.
In the silence of the room, the tiny whimper accompanying John's exhale was painfully obvious, but neither of the occupants on the bed seemed to notice. Not the real Sherlock, then. John probably ought to leave - Sherlock's sexual fantasies were private, after all, perhaps more so than most of the other rooms John had explored so far.
Further protests are cut off when John realises that the consulting detective, the one sitting on his chest, has extended a hand to cover his mouth as well. A moment later, it speaks.
"Finish your Cauldron," John insisted. "Then… why don't you show me what you're doing now, and maybe there'll be something obvious that you're doing wrong."
"I'd appreciate that," Sherlock replied. Dating sites were going to be his next line of inquiry; if Tom knew the people who ran it he was likely to get more information than using the murder investigation line himself. He'd learned very early on in his career that people who catered to 'deviant' tastes didn't like talking to the police. "Keep those photos. Thank you, Tom, you've both been very helpful."
is just
the evidence."
and moaning John's name rather than just admit his feelings straight-off.
"Don't move your hands," John reminded him quietly, letting go of his cock in order to kneel between his legs, his hands firm on Sherlock's hips. "Are you ready?"
," the detective insisted, though he didn't meet John's eyes.
"That's what I thought," his friend retorted. "I'll leave you to your books, I'm off to Alice's for the night."
Slowly, he forced himself to uncurl, to lie back against the pillows again and look up at John, hand still wrapped tightly around his cock. "Well? In or out, John, don't just stand there."
Lestrade nodded. "Those have been the only things of any real note that I found," he admitted. "The inn's owner said that she and an older couple were the only guests at the time. Apparently Lady Carfax was being harassed by a man who attempted to visit her multiple times, and after a few days the other couple at the inn offered to escort her back to London so that she wouldn't have to run into him on her way home."
he corrected, putting a languid and authoritative arm around John's shoulders,
"And tea," John added with a grin despite himself. "Tea wakes you up, apparently."
Leaving John's hand where it was - resting intimately at the soft hollow of his throat - Sherlock smiled weakly.
. It was happening so fast that this seemed to be the first he was realising it, but it was definitely happening. When he breathed out shakily and wrapped a hand around Sherlock's generously long erection he was actually
Sherlock smiled slightly, tilting the screen towards John. "I sympathise with that girl more than I ought to," he commented, affecting an airy tone he didn't feel. "We were scarily good at that role-playing thing."
Lestrade laughs as Sherlock doubles back, grabs John's arm and drags him out of the room. "You'll probably want to keep someone at the scene at all times, in case whoever he was informing for turns up," he throws over his shoulder as they run.
Sherlock tried to laugh with Julien like he usually did as they fell onto the bed together, but it could not have been more obvious that the other boy was not convinced.
?" he asks.
John shook his head slowly, turning back to smile at the man from behind the glass that separated them. He was standing with Bill's wife, his hand on her shoulder as she struggled to hold back her emotions. John couldn't imagine what it would be like, leaving behind someone he actually
he remarked.
Sherlock looks up from his chair at the blonde girl's face and fakes a kind smile. "I'm sure of it, Miss Turner." He looks like he's about to say more, but the woman jumps in delight and throws her arms around him, and suddenly his bewildered mouth is full of blonde hair. John stands up, his fists clenching. Luckily Sherlock casts a
," he added forcefully, tweaking Sherlock's lips into another smile as he attempted to reclaim the conversation. "Welcome to Mercury. Closest planet to the sun, named after the Roman messenger for the gods. He was my favourite, ol' Mercury – or at least, his Greek counterpart was. The Greeks were much more fun. The
"I know enough."
"There's one in the bedroom." John flushes slightly. He's noticed Sherlock doing that before:
, John," Sherlock says, and John is pleased to note that as he emerges from the bedroom his face is deadly serious. "I really do." John grins dismissively and yanks his jacket from the hook by the door. Sherlock's face sets back into its business expression, feverishly excited but single-mindedly focussed. "Can you call Dimmock? Tell him we've found St Claire
The barman rolled his eyes. "He's over there," he said wryly. "Follow the sound of poetry and giggling."
"You were right," I admit, still sniffing a little – why does crying have to make your nose run so much? "I have been spectacularly ignorant, John. I've been trying to
Sherlock pouted. "Of course I remember what day it is. Otherwise I wouldn't have set the alarm."
"Morning, Angelo - it's John, please," he returned. "You wouldn't know if Sherlock's up yet, would you? We just said 'early morning', I don't know when he…"
He wondered what Sherlock would think if he knew how John thought about him, if he turned around right this moment and caught John's eyes lingering on his body. He didn't see Sherlock as the kind of man who would be disgusted at the idea, but it was different when it was happening to
Bill, too, took the hint and changed the subject. "So, John, how was Biology?"
"Ssh," Sherlock reminded him, lifting a finger to his lips before moving his mouth downward, biting firmly at the lines of muscles across Julien's stomach before hooking his fingers either side of the damp spot on the front of the other boy's black cotton pants. "Lift," he commanded. Obediently, the boy pushed his hips off the bed to allow Sherlock to slide the pants down his thighs and toss them carelessly over his shoulder.
The detective pressed their lips together without giving an inch between their bodies, his lips insistent and relentless; John melted into him, sheer relief making his knees weak. "Will you have dinner with me tonight?" he asked once he could bear to breathe.
"Don't encourage him," John chided, but he was grinning. He had to agree; Carl had seemed thoroughly thrown-off by Jim. The question was, would that make him back off or hound the younger boy harder?
he said, wildly and slightly hysterically.
Mike insisted.
John and Sherlock looked at each other for a moment, considering; the detective looked as though he were about to vibrate out of his skin with a mixture of panic and excitement, but he glanced at the two children and Molly with his lower lip caught between his teeth. The young actor looked at the two of them, looking like he couldn't decide whether he ought to look worried or excited at being involved.
He grabbed Sherlock's hand and looked him appreciatively up and down one last time.
John fidgeted with his hands in his lap. "I wasn't sure I should go, actually," he said. "I still don't really know how it happened. I mean, one moment we were just sitting there talking and then the next he was kissing me."
wants is for Sherlock to look at him the way he looks at – well, no, not the way he looks at a
He pulled away just long enough to wriggle his trousers down his legs, gasping at the rush of air against his cock and the way it brushed gently against Sherlock's hot thigh, before diving back into the hot press of lips and tongues. It was so much
. He frowned. The nurse had said that no-one else had phoned asking for the man or dropped by to visit him; who could
He says it in a falsely cheerful voice with just a hint of derision, quite clearly aiming to impersonate a GP. John tries not to feel insulted. Trelawney-Hope, though, doesn't get the joke. "We must insist that not a word of this leaves this room," he says seriously instead.
"Lord Trelawney-Hope," Sherlock greets amiably, dipping his head politely. "Pray tell me your troubles."
"Redbeard, here," he called the dog without emotion. John started slightly: Sherlock's override passcode to his quarters was 'Redbeard'. He'd always assumed it was a tip of the hat to an Old Earth pirate.
John pats him lovingly on the arm as he grabs his keys off the table and his coat off the hook. "Of course it will. If it doesn't, though… you can always come and see me at the surgery."
Sherlock moaned freely, rejoicing in the sound of John's voice. A tiny string of pre-come stayed behind on the golden lines of John's abdominals, linking it to the perfect head of his perfect cock. He propped himself up on his elbows just to look at it for a while. It was nestled in a bed of lush sandy curls that Sherlock wanted to wind his fingers through, rising hopefully towards his stomach. It was shorter than Sherlock's, but thicker, and it throbbed like nothing he'd ever felt before. His own didn't do that. He wanted to touch it, but he didn't want this to be over – there was an entire body to learn, to experience, he didn't want to rush it.
to do it."
what he had done. "Look," he started, but he couldn't finish any kind of sentence from there. How terrible
"You really don't remember, do you?" John looked over at the detective, smiling sadly. The taxi ride so far had been filled with Sherlock's retelling of how he'd read about the story in the newspaper and thought it was suspicious – but nothing of what had happened once he'd got to Bloomsbury. Strange as it was that he remembered such detail about immediately before and after, his flatmate really didn't seem to remember. Perhaps, John thought bitterly, he had
jealousy of Olivia for how quickly she had won over Cesario, was that platonic jealousy, because he had tried so hard to be a good lord to the boy, or something darker?
scripts from Shakespeare before the night is out, we ought to arrange to read through them together. Perhaps the two of you will have scenes together this time."
spills out over the hotplate. Sexuality seems to be the one thing he's touchy about (besides body-parts where there's food ). Even
Sherlock coughed nervously. "C-can I come in, please?" he said, purposefully tripping over his words.
The tall man looked over at him with a raised eyebrow, but the pleased flush on his cheeks darkened. "Why didn't you become a physician after you came back from Brest?" he asked.
in Brighton!" The others titter a bit; I smile tightly, accepting the joke.
Oh, nothing. Carl Powers only bloody
"As long as there's something we can do to help here, I'd rather not get squashed by panicky students trying to evacuate,"Marchbanks said brightly. "Where's Doctor Smith?"
"English is
He met Will's eyes, and the playwright cupped his hands around his mouth and cried playfully,
do that. I have trouble sleeping for an hour at a time, how could I let this happen?"
"Ask her if she knows Pearson," Sherlock called after him.
"Tell me it isn't Mycroft."
"Okay," John said. "Let's concentrate on getting rid of these shadowy things, and then I can get out of your mind."
The detective gives up holding out the bottle and throws it at him instead. "I'm enjoying
And then she's skipping off down the stairs, and I'm left alone staring at the empty doorway and the positively malicious smiley-face on the wall and the message from John on my phone.
O God, which this blood madest, revenge his death!
he asked, tears brimming in his hazel eyes.
"Hannah, can you take us to… the person who co-ordinates the oxyforest? This needs to be sealed off
There's silence. He tries to think of something else to say, something that will make this better, but there's nothing. "But, you know, Sherlock's been wrong before." The detective's face shoots around to look at him indignantly. He throws him a look that says,
So it seemed Sherlock thought that Carfax - and now this Crocker bloke - were manipulating him, spoon-feeding him the case to judge how intelligent he was. He couldn't help but think that the biggest thing that this told them was the extent of the detective's arrogance, whether deserved or not. On the one hand, the Queen was after Lady Carfax, so she must be someone important. On the other, if she had gone missing of her own accord, why was she playing around with Sherlock instead of telling someone like Mycroft that she was safe?
"John!"
John chuckled and kissed him again, but it was a softer, warmer kiss, and before long it was over and they were standing up, brushing themselves off, Sherlock making a self-conscious sweep of his hand through his hair and nodding at an imaginary barman. John guided him to the coat-hooks by the door with a hand on the small of his back, asserting his control over Sherlock in a gentle and subtle way. His spine tingled pleasantly. The doctor helped him into his coat, placing a soft kiss on his cheek as he pulled away. Sherlock felt his cheeks turn helpfully pink. John's lips were so defined against his cheek he felt as though he could feel every crease in them, as individual as a fingerprint.
After the woman is gone, Sherlock lifts the phone to his ear. "Lestrade? It's me. Can I get DI Dimmock's extension? I'm afraid he's been royally incompetent. Again." John chuckles as he collects everyone's teacups from the coffee table; Sherlock catches his eye and smirks. "Thank you. John, I'm going out. I'll be back for dinner."
"So I hear. Hilda, you have no idea how much of a relief that is." I glance at John, and then have to look away quickly to hide my smile as Mycroft and Lord Robert Trelawney-Hope are led into the sitting-room. "Mr Holmes!" he greets enthusiastically. "You know where the letter is?"
The detective stares at him, the eyebrow dropping, arms unfolding. "Come here," Sherlock says softly.
John chuckled, steadying himself for a moment in order to move the hand holding him up against the wall to thread gently through Sherlock's hair. The younger man grunted in acknowledgment, and John felt his lips curve into a smile against his skin, but the whines started up again within moments. He laughed again at the ridiculousness of it, the way Sherlock had to bend his back to rest his head against John's shoulder the way he was doing, the fact that
say that would convey the depth of his disappointment without making Sherlock feel even more wretched than he seems to now. "Where do we go from here?" he asks instead.
to something more like
John would have been content to lie there for another few hours, perhaps days - but it was after only a few minutes that the detective drew in an especially deep breath and shifted, clutching reflexively tighter to John for the tiniest second.
under his fingers.
This time, certain that John wanted the kiss, Sherlock took control. He wasn't kidding about having more experience with it than John did; John had
He shook himself away from that train of thought before it became too invasive.
Sherlock tried to think when
The detective paused, actually considering the question. "Yes," he answered finally. "But not many of them are important to me."
energy, even those whose characters were meant to be unaware that they ever shared a stage with him. He looked over at Will backstage, shaking out the sleeves of his mechanical costume; the playwright grinned and gave him an encouraging gesture.
"That's not what I meant," Sherlock said, his voice catching as John's fingers brushed the other apparently sensitive nipple. "I don't want to get… anything… on your furniture."
him anything. "What a pity." He wondered whether the young man had 'fought for him' out of pity, or a genuine wish to talk to him.
John grinned. "Thanks, Jim."
irrational thought until he was a ball of bliss and longing, flying helplessly past the constellations John cares so much about, plunging back into consciousness extra-alert, poised and listening in case he had made some kind of noise that John might wonder about.
"It will stain the skin," he explained, his own fingers tracing idle circles around Sherlock's almost non-existent pectoral muscles. "People will see."
"And then Olivia's clown comes back in, I think," John said, looking at his script.
Sherlock grinned. "I look forward to it, John." He leaned down for one last peck of their lips, and then rested himself against the wall with a mock-salute.
"You see?" he says when the box is open. "It's not there. A letter from the Home Secretary," he removes the offending letter, watching me as he does. I keep my face neutral. "The Treasury's report. The annual data from the Foreign Office. A list of – oh!"
He supposed Orsino would not have laughed with a woman the way he had with Cesario, would not have shared so much so willingly. He himself had always found his relationships with men more fulfilling than the women he had courted, simply because he acted differently around them from the very start, more natural, less courtly and polite. Viola would have told him things as Cesario that a woman would never have uttered. The abrupt proposal and assumed response made a little more sense when he thought of it like that: Cesario had said he loved Orsino more than he should ever love a woman, had already professed undying affection. If
"Excuse me," he said brightly to the balding man behind the counter, a false smile stretched across his face. "I'm here on behalf of Her Majesty's Government. I believe some of the jewellery you were sold this morning is stolen property."
Sherlock smirked. "Maybe I'm just a regular," he teased. "Maybe this is where I spend my downtime."
tried to make something work it wouldn't have lasted long. We were in our last year of high school, we wouldn't have had more than four months before all the things we were frightened of, making all the big decisions with someone else in our lives, came true.
and Fitzherbert's voice. "
John snorted. "Well,
Sherlock actually shouted, springing from the chair to face John, wild and suddenly
Ten minutes of hesitant tinkering later Sherlock's
John shrugged. A few weeks ago he may have been hurt by how quickly Sherlock had ignored his suggestions, but he had enough respect for Sherlock's methods now to know it wasn't meant to belittle him.
Sherlock kept his face carefully clear of the rush of
, you'd have the right idea."
That's not to say that Sherlock
him arguing with the victim in such a heated state that blows were exchanged.
, Miss Lancaster, not a consulting lawyer. You were offered one of those before this interview began, I'm assuming you turned it down, which was a little foolish of you." She shrugged again; Sherlock knew she'd always intended to tell the truth and was just stalling to have the illusion of control. "I think you should come clean, but not for him," he nodded towards Lestrade, "and not for yourself. I think you should come clean because Charlotte is standing outside watching, and she'll probably want to know exactly why you've been killing every man who's ever looked at her."
Indeed, he was supposed to be at the surgery twenty minutes ago; he swears and rushes out to work, and by the time he returns it's late afternoon. He remembers the morning, lazily leaning against each other on the settee, and ducks into the video store on his way home.
Somewhat shocked, she opens the door wide enough for us to pass through. John, predictably, gives her an apologetic smile as I take up an offensive stance in the living room.
"I'm sure," Sherlock tells him. "John, I'm so sure. Please."
"I can be friendly," he retorted, smiling nonetheless at the doctor's disgruntled expression.
"Sherlock, are you – oh!"
It wasn't a worry for long before John gasped, shuddered, and gave two desperate, short groans. Sherlock could feel his groin throbbing and pulsing against his own, and the feeling and the
It wasn't really a secret, so John only smiled. "I still am, in a way," he admitted. "It's just different now. We were young, and that kind of love... I've always kind of thought that was what he drew on with
he continued, in a rush of excitement and still with both hands on John's face.
last night, wrapped in the duvet and staring vaguely at the ceiling. Tonight John will make him sleep, but for now he lets him have his own way; he wanted him in this position anyway. The great detective sits up as John comes into the room, skin pink from its vigorous towelling, said towel wrapped snugly around his waist.
Holmes paused slightly as he walked, his face twitching back into a sort of smile. "Yes, I do," he said, and John could pick up a tiny hint of flattered surprise in his deep voice. "I always have. I draw conclusions without consciously noticing the facts that lead me to them. It takes more effort to stop and explain my deductions than it takes to make them in the first place."
There was no guilt to the scene, though; perhaps it didn't bother him so much. As he watched, John carefully put Sherlock's fingers aside in favour of joining their lips, careful presses of half-open mouths so that John could almost see their breath mingling between them. Gently, he slid down the Vulcan's body until he fit neatly between his legs, falling to his elbows and pressing their bodies together. The pale green of Sherlock's blush sat nicely against John's tanned skin as they moved together, their respective genitalia concealed from John's view but clearly aligned in delightful ways from the shudders rocking both of their bodies. Sherlock's long fingers clutched at John's back as they moved, his head thrown back and gasping for breath.
with it and not always wish for more."
She shakes her head. "He doesn't confide in me. To be honest, I don't think I'd understand if he did."
Something in the air rippled hesitantly, clouds gathering together above him like frown-lines. "
It came as a bit of a shock, though he supposed he had to be in this castle
Strangely, the thought doesn't interest him for any reason other than that it's what they're here for and as soon as they have it, they can leave. He looks at Sherlock, who is frowning at a portiere to one side of the safe. The detective looks back at him and mouths,
." John removed his hand, his face turning taut with anticipation. Sherlock was rather relieved that he was still willing to drop everything for the case. "The flatmate."
John let him think. The memory hadn't come to him quickly, either – he'd moved through getting his Hogwarts letter and his first girlfriend and a whole number of other happy moments before deciding on the moment that had set his friendship with James in motion. After a while, he'd dropped the memory entirely and just used the
John promised, leaning in close as though it was the witty forest-dweller for whom he was proclaiming his love, not some absent woman.
sounded like it could very easily become some sort of mantra to him.
and being looked down at with that shocked, awed expression that had been on the boy's face in the instant before he'd kissed him –
He looked around at the dome's eerily lit curve; the way that the light seemed to be emitting from the fabric of the dome itself rather than from visible lights must take some getting used to from the people who worked here.
he asked, tilting his head to one side. One decisive step forwards and he would be close enough to touch Sherlock now, but kept his hands in front of him, clasped together in a mockery of chastity.
That's when he decides he's going to seduce Sherlock not by
Lestrade shrugged. "She compensated him for it, apparently, but he said that the moment this Green actually came into the inn he could tell that he was the man she meant. Came straight to him and asked which room Lady Carfax was in. He said he didn't look like the type to be violent to her, but he was obviously set on bothering her somehow, so the inkeep threw him out."
he said indignantly.
The tall man smiled tightly and entered the room properly, apparently taking Sherlock's interest in his case as permission. "No," he answered, perching primly on the end of the settee, clasping one knee with his fingers interlocked. "The maid received a letter informing her of her dismissal and a not insignificant sum of money as compensation. The letter was polite but impersonal - I can have it copied for you if you wish - which was not Lady Carfax's style at all, according to the maid."
"I'd noticed," he said dully.
The policeman looked at him, dark and piggish eyes narrowing in suspicion. "What do you want?" he asked. Sherlock cursed inwardly; the man wasn't quite as stupid as he looked, and it was unlikely Sherlock could worm his way inside just by claiming childish curiousity.
The man looked at him as though he had interrupted something vitally important. "Yes," he said, recovering quickly and smiling, politely puzzled. "John Watson –
Sherlock's skin was warm to the touch and salty to taste and absolutely
," he stuttered, stroking the scrapes in apology. "John… John, we've got to… your flatmate, we shouldn't do this on the sofa."
to afford a single item in his collection unless he began to add immaterial payment. He wanted the journal as a gift for Sherlock –
He was
he dismissed self-consciously, turning his body language inwards
"This is not my idea of fun," Sherlock countered through gritted teeth. John grinned at him.
For a moment he panted there, hanging limp, John's body the only thing keeping him from becoming a pile of long limbs on the floor. Then he heaved a deep breath in and straightened slightly, attempting to take his own weight back onto his legs; the movement caused his softening prick to slip out of the grip they each still had, and John couldn't stop a whine and a twitch at the sensation. Sherlock looked up at him abruptly, his cheeks flushed pink with climax, as though he had forgotten that John was there at all. "John," he murmured, releasing the grip on both hands in order to stroke two fingers down John's back, making a soft sound against the fabric of his shirt, and why was he still wearing a shirt?
He hung up, flinging his phone at John, and yanked a pair of briefs out of his dresser. "Get changed," he told the doctor sharply. "They've found her."
John groaned again. "Oh,
he sighed, brushing another fingertip across the plane of Sherlock's cheekbone. The touch felt nice; Sherlock had to admit he rather liked people stroking him, the way John had smoothed his hands through his hair when he leaned on him. "You know not the effect you have on ordinary hearts."
Much in our vows, but little in our love."
Jim shrugged self-deprecatingly. "No. I just waited until they weren't looking." John noticed with slight worry the way that Bill was now looking at the younger boy with a new kind of respect. "They'll never notice I took either of them unless we don't return the bowl for the marge, so I'll take that back after the film."
, considered succumbing to it with John's weight pressing him into the bed and John's smell in his nose. But John had stopped moving now, still barely holding himself up so that he didn't collapse on top of Sherlock, and after the moment it took Sherlock to decide John had caught his breath already and was lifting himself back onto his elbows and knees.
, though I studied them in slightly less sensational form."
Sherlock made a face, apparently to display scorn at the thought of
Sherlock whimpered. John stared up at him from his bed, wanton, beautiful. As he watched, his cock twitched and stirred again and
to her. I didn't want it to be
quip. Or maybe I'm just on edge around him, and that's why I thought I heard that faint note of bitterness in his voice.
But it was still… boring. Mundane. I still craved the cocaine, sometimes, just for something to do. I met Molly, and then experimenting became a thousand times easier and more profitable."
He could feel himself speeding closer to his finish like riding a stampeding horse and he knew he ought to slow down, to savour the pleasure and the moment, but somehow he couldn't force his hips to a stop, couldn't give up any of the feelings coursing through his body even for a moment. "Sherlock," he murmured instead, peeling their lips apart to whisper the name against skin, but the detective only groaned loudly, his hips jerking still harder. The detective seemed to have completely lost awareness of his surroundings, and the sight of him like this, his eyes wild and wanting, his fingers digging into John's back and hips harder with each thrust of their hips, made it impossible for John to do anything but tighten his grip around their cocks, bite harder at Sherlock's lips and the tongue.
Bill looked at him in mock-affront. "
landing party that he commanded.
John ignored Molly and held out his hand to his manservant with a soft smile. "
of the Greeks."
"What will you do if they call you again?" Sherlock asked, following the alien up the stairs to the main console and sitting on the porch swing oddly placed there.
"Please, my Lady," the detective interrupted unconcernedly. "You said you've heard of my reputation. I
Sherlock smiled fondly. "Yes, that's very good, John," he said, purposefully patronising, the sort of tone one might use on a child. John laughed. "The Incolumus Charm is designed to counteract the Unforgivable Curses. How much do you know about those?"
"Quite," Mycroft remarked sardonically, "as can that of men, of course." Sherlock made a noncommittal face. The taller man smiled. "I can arrange that for you. As well as transport to Sussex."
again, was it possible that John's libido was even more rampant than his own, even when the tiniest little flirtatious gesture from the Keeper was enough to wake his cock?
They turned as if to leave, John taking Sherlock's lead and making the move as slow as possible. Sure enough, once they were facing the other direction the man cleared his throat timidly. "What part of Her Majesty's Government did you say you were working for, Master Holmes?" he asked.
this resentment and frustration and dislike building up in Sherlock.
from him because they weren't real, just like holograms being played back for the real Sherlock's amusement. He supposed that would make it easier for him to recognise the real Sherlock when he found him. Or would that Sherlock not notice him either? What would he do if he
Sherlock actually crows in delight and John has to stop himself from rubbing his hands together gleefully. This is going better than he could have hoped.
For a few moments they just stood there, leaning on each other for support. Sherlock smelled of mint and bitter chocolate and just a hint of something dark and fiery; John tried to temper the desire to lick the mint away so that he could unravel the smell of Sherlock underneath. Then he wondered why he was trying. Surely there was a way he could phrase his attraction to the younger boy in a way that didn't make it sound like the be-all and end-all of their friendship. If Sherlock wasn't interested, John would happily settle for the less and the more of how they had been with one another tonight, even if he'd mistaken the barest hints of lingering looks that he'd wondered about when the gusts of laughter were fading away.
Sherlock smiled in commiseration. "I meant the dance, rather than the whole play, but you're probably right."
meant that there was something
"Lord Trelawney-Hope." He takes the proffered hand reluctantly, shaking it with his own wrist limp. "I trust you slept more soundly last night?"
I've got Sherlock Holmes. We can do this."
he want to meet Sherlock, completely ignoring all the reasons he
"John," Sherlock murmurs, turning his head away to stare fixedly at something on the floor to their left, "John, please!"
Our shows are more than will; for still we prove
John grinned at him. "You could discover something wonderful over and over again. Haven't you ever wished you could recreate something like that?"
"I'll drop by," John confirmed, grinning. Sherlock grinned back. "Did Will give you a name for this play, by the way? It seems odd to keep referring to it as
"What?"
Will actually laughed. "He did it to you too, then? That thing where he drops things you've never told anyone into casual conversation, like he just knows all your secrets?" he shook his head with a wry grin as John shrugged. "He told me almost the exact words my schoolmaster used to tell me off with, all about my father, even my son. I could barely believe it."
Mycroft raised a sardonic eyebrow, as though he could tell that Sherlock
It takes John's word-starved brain a moment to process what the word 'stop' actually means. Taken aback, he withdraws his hand from Sherlock's groin and watches the detective slap it further away as he scrambles to the end of the bed and sinks into a crouch on the floor.
imagined what they would be like together, what Sherlock would be like to him - in the dreams that flashed behind his eyelids after looking at the detective - he might not have dared imagine this.
John turned and ran for the castle walls.
So it was not wholly unusual to find Sherlock of an evening stretched out on his bed with the sheets around his ankles, legs thrown to each corner of the bed, one hand in his hair and the other resting on his belly, his head full of images of John. Sherlock's a mental person and he prides himself on his ability to work himself up to the point where he barely needs a hand on himself to finish; this in particular is a skill that he perfected in the few months between realising that he
Sherlock smiled slowly. "
, he always listens, he always checks everything and makes sure it's what I want, unless it has something to do with
If his tone was meant to unsettle de Richelieu, it failed; he stood up smoothly, patting down his white dress shirt. "Julien de Richelieu, Mr. Gibbon," he introduced calmly. Sherlock noticed wryly that a few female heads turned, impressed, when they heard his silky French accent, and their eyes widen when they saw his chiselled, elegant face. They were all about to be disappointed.
Sherlock stared at him. Then he looked back at the bed; John had picked up his PAD-D and was looking at what appeared to be the med-bay duty roster, one arm still looped around Sherlock's back as the FO dozed against his chest. The John in the doorway smiled. "Okay," he repeated. He reached out with one hand and folded it around Sherlock's long fingers. "I want that too."
I will with all expedient duty see you:
She shook her head, her cheeks still resolutely stained scarlet. "Sorry. Petite and blonde covers a lot of people here, but we know almost everyone who comes in here. If someone turned up with bruises all over their face we'd know about it, and we'd make an effort to find out who did it to her and make sure it didn't happen again."
John rounded on him angrily.
but with different words. I can't let the audience go into it expecting them to be the same." John nodded thoughtfully. Will sighed resignedly. "Of course, if I change it now, it'll tell him that he's right, and then he'll gloat for days. So I've had to offset the quarto announcement with that final act to distract him. They both went out today - I settled on a dual title.
the rest of the CSI unit to leave her there for me – is thoroughly unpleasant, rogue grains of sand whipping along the shingle and insinuating itself in my clothes, up my nose and between my teeth, my eyes watering from the wind.
"What do you mean, gay?" Molly asked as soon as her 'boyfriend' had left the room. "We're together!"
instead of me, he gloated for weeks. I never told him that Will offered it to me and I turned it down."
"Only rudimentary," he admitted carelessly. "My grandmother refuses to learn English, so we learned the basics."
Sherlock grinned, and curtsied mockingly, and all of them except Kemp left the stage for the final time. When they reached the backstage door, Sherlock pounced: apparently not caring who was watching them, he pinned John to the flat of the stage and kissed him like the world was ending.
"Why – just leave that, Sherlock, let's go, for God's sake," he says when he's regained enough composure. Sherlock huffs in frustration.
The counter on the left bore the sign
John's stomach twisted and he took an almost involuntary step forwards to comfort the girl; Lady Brackenstall held up a hand as though to prevent him from doing so. He halted, glancing at Sherlock. It had been a long time since he'd dealt with nobility for anything more than a 'thank you' as they complimented his performance. Sherlock shook his head minutely. When he turned back to the maid, she had withdrawn to pick up a bowl of cool water and begin to press it to the bruise on her lady's face.
he denounced.
on her. Do you think… no, that's rude."
John's hand pressing down on his cock stilled as he affected a shudder and a series of gasps. He'd never pretended to orgasm before, but he supposed as he was pretending to be someone else – a
Milverton matches the movement. "And don't
Which is not to say that masturbating to thoughts of John was in no way different to a regular night in, not to say that desire for a particular, unattainable person was a thing familiar to him. The desire to hold John close that snuck up on him at completely inappropriate times caught even him by surprise. And the orgasms that followed certain half-formed fantasies swept him off his feet, stripped him of the capacity for rational
Lady Trelawney-Hope looks harrowed and frustrated when we knock on the door. She sighs. "Mister Holmes, I cannot –"
He sat down in the plastic chair beside the bed and tentatively took the man's pale hand. At the touch, he tossed his head slightly and muttered something, the only word of which Lestrade could make out for certain was
, but it was difficult
The detective hummed unselfconsciously. "I actually quite enjoy dancing," he commented.
With a bright grin, the Timelord slammed it shut and spun back to the consoles. "What do you think so far?"
"I'm not forcing you to eat it," John assures him. "If you just leave it, that's fine. I've just put it there so you
Despite himself, John cracked a tiny smile. "And detectives," he had to add.
After a few minutes Sherlock regained enough control of his legs to shift until he was on his knees in front of John with his back to the shower-head so that the spray was rinsing the conditioner from his hair, aided by John's fingers as the doctor smiled down at him. After another moment, Sherlock smirked back up at John and slipped the erection into his mouth, sucking gently.
John waved him off, secretly pleased. James meant well, but it was incredibly difficult to memorise names and dates and the history of the Second Wizarding War with the eldest Potter bouncing around with his usual manic energy in the background. Especially because James just
The Doctor paused, as though he had just realised that he had let slip a piece of information he was supposed to keep clutched to his chest. "You said it yourself," he expanded reluctantly. "Your version of your timeline doesn't quite match up with the version of your timeline that I know. That makes you a complicated time event, you
Thanks, as always, to the lovely
His soul thou canst not have: therefore be gone."
The little speech after "the game's afoot" is from
Will smiled easily. "Sherlock," he said brightly, sounding quite deliberately as though he wasn't surprised to see him here in such a rage. "Can we help you?"
"The Peter Pan one?" he ventured hopefully. "
"I left you a fairly urgent message yesterday morning on the house phone and didn't receive a reply," Sherlock explained as Tom pulled out barstools for them. "I need an answer to my question as quickly as possible, so I thought we'd pop by in person."
John shook his head. "Thank you."
"Excellent," Sherlock said, patting the worn DI on the shoulder in an attempt to rub off some of his good humour. "Everything she does differently tells us something about her." Lestrade smiled weakly, glancing at John and evidently hoping for some sort of conspiratorial look of the sort the two often shared behind Sherlock's back. He smiled triumphantly when the doctor didn't offer him one.
to push Sherlock away, to close the door straight away once he had opened it onto his perfectly blatant intentions. Joe was cradling him tightly in his arms as though he would be willing to shield Sherlock with his own body from
Sherlock paused, the corners of his mouth turning up in a small smile. "Thank you, John," he said softly. John smiled back. The taller man cleared his throat briskly, clearly uncomfortable. "As to being unique in our fields, nothing is unique for long in the theatres. Shakespeare's complex and detailed characterisation of Hamlet was something I've never seen before, but I was given a glimpse of Marlowe's latest last week and he's clearly attempting to emulate it. It's doubtful people will remember that Shakespeare did it first."
it. That's really the last thing we can do as far as that avenue of inquiry goes."
offering, then?"
, and Captain Crocker is from
Unsurprisingly, they left class an hour later having learned nothing at all. It was the first day; everybody avoided actually teaching their restless, holiday-moded students. Bill stretched theatrically. "I reckon Terry's losing his touch," he mused, rubbing a hand ruefully through the bed of red hair. "There was a time he'd have popped me for those quips."
And that isn't worth sacrificing for his wildest fantasies.
Sherlock told him, giving him a look of such scorn that John shrank back from it, but the actor gave him no pause, following him both physically and verbally, crowding him out with his body and his words. "
him, and John wasn't about to miss his chance. He sank a hand in the detective's curls and another in his coat and pulled him closer, feeling the still-frantic breaths puffing against his cheek and the thin chest struggling against his own. Sherlock's lips moved against his as though they were trying to drink him in, to swallow him whole, and John barely had a choice but to let him.
He blinked. "Oh." He wasn't sure whether he was supposed to be pleased with this. He was sure it wasn't flattering, and yet he couldn't deny that it was the outcome he wanted. But what did the other boy want, if not a
" he growled. Mycroft opened his mouth to reply, but Sherlock stopped quite suddenly, looking up at him in surprise. He leaned forward and sniffed at the other man's jacket. "Is that…
"Then
He looked up in surprise as if at a sudden noise; after staring into the distance a moment, Molly let his eyes fall until they rested on John. The boy threw him a cheeky smile.
that it demanded. The detective's chest was rumbling on every outbreath like a satisfied cat and his fingers had softened in John's hair so that they were merely stroking it in time to the movement of John's mouth, and just the knowledge that
He cast a Silencing charm even though he did not expect to be disturbed; no-one really used the dormitories for anything other than sleeping and while John would probably come back to check on him after Quidditch practice, that wouldn't be for hours yet and he would have plenty of time to turn back into himself and clean everything up.
"We didn't do it," John replies firmly. "Goodbye."
"You're not used to having people want to talk to you," de Richelieu guessed languidly.
"Hutchinson, you can clear the scene now," I call over my shoulder, smirking.
"What can I do for you, Sherlock?" he asked brightly, picking up a biro and twirling it between his fingers. "Are you all right?"
to have been kidnapped," he reasoned. "Lady Carfax simply disappeared. For all we know, she could have done so of her own volition." The detective wrenched the side of the coffin free so that John was not reaching over the high edges to support the Lady's torso.
She blinks. For a moment I think she's going to pass out – really pass out, not that mockery she did at Lucas' house. John starts forward, but she recovers herself. "Mr Holmes, I would appreciate it if you would leave now," she says with an air of extreme control.
The doctor nodded. "Right. Well, is that all? I might take my tea up to bed, if it's all the same to you. I'm covering Tamsin's early shift at the surgery tomorrow."
Very few people voiced their dislike in places where it might drift back to him.
he replied, putting on a smug air as though he thought himself witty.
you good and proper."
She raised an eyebrow at him in a rather challenging manner, clearly unused to the courtesy, but sat in the proffered chair anyway. Miracle pulled a further chair around so that he sat in the space for the model, legs crossed idly at the knee. Sherlock bent forwards and placed his fingertips together, lightly depressing the swell of his lower lip. He examined the painter thoughtfully. "We believe Lady Brackenstall's disappearance is connected to the disappearance of another young widow," he said, frowning sternly. "Have you had any acquaintance with Lady Frances Carfax?"
"Now, aim," John instructs, clearing his throat and stepping back. Sherlock adorably closes one eye to concentrate. "And when you're ready, fire."
Marie Devine and Raymond Slessinger (so-called) are from Doyle's
"I wish you wouldn't say it like I'm never coming back," he half-joked. Timmy crushed him in a hug. "I'll only be a year or two. It'll go faster than any of us know."
rocked him, throwing him against one wall. John's heart pounded in time with the constant shudders of the floor, not subsiding this time but continuing to make finding his feet difficult.
"I assure you, none of this makes me
John groaned loudly; Sherlock's fingers were thin and strong and his palm was smooth and he seemed to be able to read exactly what John wanted from each upward stroke, his full lips quirking into a smile as he studied John's face between ardent kisses. After a few moments of this, the detective grinned wider and dropped to his knees in one smooth movement, sliding his thumb over the head of John's cock as he went. John felt himself folding forwards until his head almost hit the wall, one hand flying without help to fix itself into Sherlock's lush curls. With another bright grin, Sherlock tipped himself forwards and took the tip of John's cock into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it and making John grip his hair so hard he was afraid he might pull clumps of it out.
" he prompted.
are proved wrong. His flatmate's eyes are wide, the vulnerability still startlingly evident, but John can still see the desire, and something almost resembling
Too early, you fool. Wait for some kind of reciprocation.
He wanted to get up and clean himself off, change back into his pyjama bottoms and then come back and lie down with John and fall asleep in his arms.
call yesterday? I know you said nothing I should worry about, but was there anything at all?"
. He reached down and flicked open the button on John's trousers, earning a rich groan from the doctor and a sharp bite to his lower lip.
Unfortunately it's mid-semester test and assignment time, so that's why everything's taking so long. Hearty apologies.
The man chuckled richly. "It's probably for the best," he decreed. "He might have been a bother to get back to Westminster conscious and struggling."
"I've just finished a new comedy," Shakespeare announced. "John, I want you to play the hero. Molly, I have a hefty female part for you."
first showed - John had taken bit-parts but hadn't fancied the lead - that Rosalind looked like incredible fun to play, with all of her quick-witted responses and her lengthy stint dressed as a man. The audience had adored the idea of the boy actor playing a woman who was, in her turn, playing a man. Will had often expressed interest in repeating the exercise, and John had eagerly signed up. He wondered suddenly whether
I sneak a sideways glance at John, deep in some anecdotal conversation with Bill, and wonder what he'd want me to say. The whole world thinks we're together – some
John grunts in assent. Sherlock nods. "Good. Because I think I'm onto something here. Straker's knife was covered in blood, but the man the police took in had no wounds of any kind on him, and that walking-stick thing wasn't sharp enough to cause the cut on Straker's leg. So how did the cut get there?"
Clearly on a roll, Sherlock strode to the mantelpiece and picked up the bottle, holding it to the light once more. "Look at this - there are bees' wings all through this liquid. Once you upended the bottle to pour it, it would take careful handling to avoid pouring the dregs and wings into the glasses, and I do not believe that the Randalls would have the patience for such careful handling, especially considering there are dregs in the third glass. And yet there
"I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade," he said calmly. "I'm the one who found you." Sherlock, his face angular with sunken, shadowed eyes from the drugs, frowned and turned away. Something pulled at Lestrade's heart. "Look, when you were asleep you said something about a John. If you have a number we can call him for you."
. With the general stupidity of the human race, it's likely pretending to not be interested will ensure you miss out on the person you want entirely."
The detective leaned back against the mantelpiece, turning a slight smile in John's direction. "Not bad, John," he remarked. John tried not to look to pleased, but grinned briefly anyway. "Could you provide us with a rough sketch of the missing pieces? We can alert shops in the London area that specialise in such things and we will know if jewellery matching your description is brought to them."
have a swarm of flesh-eating shadows attached to my feet."
"Mycroft's assistant was worth a try," Sherlock repeated, sounding amused. "You have interesting taste."
She turned terrified brown eyes up to him, wide and pleading. "What's going to happen to me?" she asked. "Doctor?"
"No, it's a valid interpretation," the playwright agreed, "just make it a little less obvious."
like a woman just having received an unexpected compliment. John smiled broadly and patted the shoulder his hand still lay upon as though reluctant to leave.
, for showing you how I felt – and for feeling it in the first place. But it didn't seem like
he'd put Jim with. "So whereabouts in Ireland are you from?" he asked brightly.
The detective gave him a sceptical look. "What did you expect, a half-collapsed hovel filled with rats? Just because they're orphans doesn't mean they can't maintain the house."
he continued, pushing away from John on the contrasting emotion, repeating his back-and-forth as the convention repeated itself. He seemed at once to be performing for John and barely aware of his presence. "
what he's doing.
John raised an eyebrow; he wasn't sure whether to be worried or impressed that his friend seemed to have lost the ability to instantly know simple things like the time. He glanced at the shadows creeping closer to the bed across the floor, but before he could answer in a space unfamiliar to him the detective had cursed wildly and vaulted himself over John to his feet, shirt whispering across his face on the way past. John sat up, slightly bewildered by the sudden rush of energy. "Sherlock -" he tried.
"I know what I want," John counters. "And I know a part of him wants it too, but he's convinced himself that he can't have it." He sighs. "I don't know. Sometimes I think I could manage having a relationship with him the way he wants, you know, romantic but not sexual. Then he
do this. "Finish your tea, then get some sleep. Mycroft wants us back at Whitehall tomorrow – they probably want to thank you."
Lestrade raised an eyebrow. "Not family?"
, Sherlock, what do you think I'm saying?" John snapped, flapping his arms in frustration. "I
John bounced down the stairs the next morning as though he had solidly slept his each and every worry quite away.
"Oh, I'm never too busy for you, Lestrade," Sherlock interrupts.
The John in the doorway licked his lips involuntarily, his hands squeezing the door-frame until it hurt. He'd imagined this so many times he could almost feel the weight of his friend's cock in his mouth, his hips bucking under his hands, his long fingers sliding into his hair. He closed his eyes and turned away, unable to bear the sight that went with Sherlock's ragged cry of
, for Jesu's sake - and John would not wish to embarrass him by appearing too love-struck.
are going even further forwards than that – by the year 3000 Mars was a universally-recognised place of learning."
I feel like screaming in excitement, but I keep quiet. John looks at me as I wave my arm for a taxi. "So you've…" he starts.
He smiles, waits as long as he politely can in case her name comes back to him, then gives up. "No, sorry, it's gone," he apologises.
John stood slowly.
," Sherlock tried to say sternly.
The detective gave him another insouciant grin; he looked so like a child defying their parent that John grinned with him. Sherlock snapped his fingers as he made for the door. "Come on, John!" he said briskly.
"No, I was wondering which I should expect," Sherlock replied, affecting a slightly affronted look. "Of course I'm offering to make it. I'm already mostly dressed. I expect you'll want to shower."
The detective eyed him critically, then gave a sharp sort of nod. "Dinner?" he asked with a brilliant smile. John couldn't help but return it.
to want Sherlock wasn't its own kind of thrilling, quite apart from the fantasia of the man himself.
A woman's body lay there, her head wrapped in cloth that must have been soaked with the drug. She wasn't moving and didn't appear to be breathing; the surgeon in John took over and he lunged forward to wrench the fabric away from her face. Sherlock drew in a sharp breath of surprise as her face was revealed. She had dark hair and a snub nose, her pale face dusted with a light gathering of freckles from time spent in the sun.
Donovan made an odd noise. "I heard about him," she said, looking at Lestrade. "They took the case to us when you were in Sussex and I turned it away because I thought we had too much to be getting on with with these disappearances."
"Yes, I know," John commented, reaching for the box of Cauldrons. Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
He stayed that way until the noise subsided, holding on through the desperate arousal at the knowledge that Sherlock was
Sherlock frowned at him. "Of course. When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable –"
The French boy giggled, his legs swinging under Sherlock's, hands tightening in his unruly curls as his head hit the pillow. Sherlock kissed him clumsily before he could say anything, moving his legs so he was straddling him and pressing his lips to his Adam's apple and the dip in his collarbone, his tongue and teeth making contact at odd intervals. Julien laughed. "I thought most people were supposed to slow down after orgasm," he commented idly.
Again the pause sat heavily between them, as Sherlock's hand that held the sword aloft trembled violently and they stared at each other. Then the taller man lifted his hand slightly and dropped the weapon at John's feet.
As love doth give my heart: no woman's heart
The younger man shrugs. "Were there words I could have used that would have made you see how much I hate it when you do that? Or would you have just kept on telling me I was being childish and spoon-feeding me, tucking me into bed at night and elbowing me when I 'forget' my manners? Controlling me like I don't know how to live by myself? John, even my
The children both doubled over to catch their breath; John noticed a distinct tilting of the little girl's head just in time to catch her before she fell over, wheezing. Once Billy had recovered a little, he looked up at them with his eyes more serious than John had ever seen them. "Master Holmes," he panted again. "We saw that boy again."
Sherlock stands up abruptly. "Let's go," he says, making for the door.
The doctor kissed the tip of Sherlock's nose with an over-the-top smooching sound, then slid himself slowly down Sherlock's body, pressing soft lips against his neck, the exposed skin of his collarbone, looking coyly up at Sherlock as he rested his cheek against the swell of his pectoral and moved one hand up to brush over his nipple. Sherlock twitched involuntarily as the touch of John's fingers sent a shock to his groin, a whimper escaping his lips. John grinned wickedly, twisting his fingers without warning to pinch at his nipple, turning his head so that his lips rested on the other. Sherlock gasped desperately at the sensation, trying to remember the name of the victim John was pretending to be in order to gasp
Sherlock took his hand and used it to help himself stand, so close that their chests were touching. John wrapped both arms around the detective's waist and tugged him yet closer, pushing their groins together. He felt a distinctive twitch in the other man's trousers and had to close his eyes and bite the inside of his lip for a moment to prevent a similar stirring in his own. When he felt the coast was clear, he leaned forwards and pressed their lips together, softly and more romantically than before, feeling the pull of their bodies against each other.
John isn't sure what he was expecting as a reaction, but Sherlock looks up at him with a face like a thundercloud. "Mycroft told you?" he asks. The doctor looks down at the complete set of the
After a few moments, John gave up on trying to hit his face and started on his arms instead. Sherlock frowned thoughtfully at the gesture. Surely Trent would have been strong enough to do some serious damage to her arms, but wouldn't she have dropped him if her arms had given way? Unless he was already too weak from lack of oxygen by the time he thought of it.
By the end of his speech, Ben had relaxed somewhat, suiting the gradual lengthening of Puck's responses to Oberon's poetry. John really had to admire his adaptability - for a fourteen year-old, he understood the way the scene worked and how to work the particular angle that he, John and Sherlock seemed to have chosen for the afternoon's performance, different as it was from the one they had been doing for the last few weeks.
alarm you, doesn't it?" he teases, breaking into giggles again when his friend scowls. "Wow," he muses when he's calmed down. "They've got a quote from you now. That means it's official."
"Did you know I was here?" John asked. "I mean, you let me in, I thought you'd come looking for me. But then I had to look through the whole castle to find you here."
"I noticed that you were attracted to me. I wanted to see how far you would let it go if you thought I wanted you back." He picked up the discarded Chemistry textbook and shoved it in his bag, the vulnerable persona he'd been affecting dropped in favour of his usual cool demeanour. "You were most… illuminating. It must be hard working with people you're attracted to but not allowed to touch. Knowing that most people would revile you if they found out about your fantasies."
, but John's fingers weren't long enough and he couldn't reach his prostate – not that it mattered, because the sight of his best friend reaching his own hand into his arse as though preparing himself for Sherlock was
John watched him for a moment, his blue eyes narrowed. "Are you saying you want to role-play S&M sex with me?"
find someone who loved her and who would treat her like the miracle she is, I wouldn't want to give her up."
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow at the boy. "I knew he could handle it," he said loftily.
For, boy, however we do praise ourselves,
John blinked. "Uh. Hi," he said awkwardly. "Um. Is it still okay if I stay? Or would you rather I let you -"
Sherlock snorts in amusement. "Would you have listened? You were so focussed on
"Because if I want something, I ask for it," Julien replied, still smiling slightly.
Sorry for the delay, but my exams are now finished and from hereon in I have no excuse...
Lestrade raised a resigned eyebrow, but even Peters knew the truth. They had well and truly blown it: there was no way a Justice of the Peace would let them near Peters again, even if they had the most solid evidence they could possibly get, and they were no closer to finding even one of the Ladies than they had been that morning.
coming home to the mop of unruly dark curls and cuddles in the evening, but it wasn't
He is
John stared at him. He'd
. I've found this to be pretty close to the Norton edition.
"Stop there," Bill insisted, as though John had looked like he wanted to volunteer more information. He grinned at the redhead, trying to ignore the flashes of
, trying to make myself feel all right with you leaving, when what I s
He thought of the med bay, where he had put his hands on Sherlock's temples and fallen into his mind. He tried to imagine himself floating upwards towards the castle's ceiling, as though he could still see his hands reaching through the cloudless sky.
," he said sharply. "The last time I got stuck in a place infested by an aggravated swarm of Vashta Nerada, someone very important to me
"It was a valid point, though, sir."
Marchbanks cleared his throat happily. "Yes, there's an observation room up there. No-one's really used it since we put the water systems in, but the lights and the PA system still work."
That is beloved. How dost thou like this tune?"
He comes to sit next to me on the sofa, frowning at me. My heart twinges uncomfortably at the expression on his face: it looks horribly like disappointment. "Sherlock," he says softly.
"The back room's free, Sherlock," the big man said with a grin and what John thought was the tiniest of winks. "You can
classics and smirked at them. "So we're in the 31st century, then?" he asked slowly.
T'Penya glanced at Captain Adler for confirmation. "All right," she said, sounding apprehensive. "Put your hands here, like this."
He clapped his hands together lightly once the inkeep had moved off, a fire kindling in his eyes. "Well, John," he said softly. "This could prove interesting."
I lift my head slowly to avoid feeling light-headed again. "I'm fine," I pass off.
In unison - to John's surprise - he and Sherlock bent to place a kiss on each of Ben's cheeks before leading each other off the stage, followed by their entourage so that Robin Goodfellow was once more alone. The boy waited a beat before opening his hands to the audience for the epilogue.
Sherlock made a noise of confirmation. "We need the maid," he said, burying his hands in his coat pockets. "The one Lady Carfax dismissed before she went missing. And all of my brother's information on her, and anything he can find on both husbands. You'll ask him for it when you see him, won't you, Lestrade?"
Sherlock curls up tighter so that his feet no longer brush against John's thigh, and his leg immediately feels cold. "Alice St. Claire was here earlier," he admits, his voice small and quiet. "She, um… she started kissing me."
So really what I should be doing is proving to him that I
There lies your way, due west." He made a sweeping gesture towards the main doors to the Globe, out past the audience.
pulled up outside Baker Street he shot out of his seat so fast he almost hit his head on the roof, threw far too much money at the cabbie, and raced to the doorstep with John hot on his heels.
Right now he's out, and he's been out for days, coming back late at night dressed up like an extraordinarily good-looking tradesman, out looking for some criminal he's taken exception to, a blackmailer of the worst kind. John knows he shouldn't be up waiting for him because he won't come back until after midnight, but he does anyway. He won't be able to sleep without catching a glance of Sherlock, sprawled on the sofa with his arms and legs flung out at angles like a pale starfish.
" he supplied impatiently, "someone took them because they would have been incriminating."
Holmes laughed, a surprisingly rich and warm sound. "Wise decision, Master Watson," he said when it had died away. "You shouldn't play Hamlet."
"What did he say about me?" Ben asked from behind him, holding out John's tunic for his costume change.
Without warning, Sherlock dropped John's fingers and pinched his nipple hard.
John chuckled. "That's the third swear word I've heard you use this afternoon," he commented idly. "You have a pottier mouth than I do when it comes to sex."
John knew he wasn't particularly tall, but he'd never acted opposite someone so overwhelmingly taller than himself before. Having to almost crane his neck to look at Sherlock was decidedly odd.
"So," Sherlock remarked out of the corner of his mouth as the three of them performed their bow, almost deafened by the screams of the crowd, dodging handkerchiefs as people threw them onto the stage, "now we have two plays to work on together." He looked at John, one eyebrow raised in a facsimile of humour. "Careful you don't get sick of me."
The actor made a discontented noise. John understood why he was upset; there had been something slightly odd about Lady Brackenstall, something about her manner that was not how he expected someone so recently widowed to act. "Do you think she was telling the truth?" he asked.
any regard for him."
"Good," he replied easily, gesturing to Henzell and nonchalantly sipping his own drink. He turned his attention more obviously to the bruises on her face, neatly covered up by concealer and foundation but still visible. They looked slightly older than he would have expected, but seeing the lengths she had gone to to cover them up it wasn't unreasonable to assume she had put salve on them to speed their healing. It seemed like the routine of someone who had to hide bruises often. She shifted self-consciously under his scrutiny, her hand twitching around the empty glass as though trying not to touch her face.
John sighed, passing a hand in front of his face. "He was suggesting that I favour you for your looks, rather than your talent. That I have… unsavoury designs on you." He grimaced at the words – they weren't exactly what Sherlock had said, but the implication had been clear, and John had never been good at lying under pressure.
Jim's laugh was high and strong. John shared a grin with Bill at having made the cold boy laugh. "That's why I got out as soon as I could."
, if you get my meaning."
would wait until both of them were at breaking point. Because Sherlock's not good at putting emotions into words, but John often
The little boy creased his forehead into a mighty frown. "But how do I tell who I can have friendships with?"
John laughs. "I think
A smile was evident in the Doctor's voice when he spoke again. Sherlock felt another of those strange rushes of affection for the alien. "
John supposed once Mycroft knew what they had done the Justices would have to get involved, despite the Constabulary's best efforts to sweep it under the rug. Sherlock's shoulders slumped again. "Yes, I suppose you'd better," he said resignedly. "He'll want to bring Peters in, but it won't help."
, not because I'm family or because I got rid of their abusive husband or solve their cases. It's… intoxicating. I didn't know it would feel this nice. John, you can't… I don't want you to leave. I don't
the detective said, his voice shaking a little.
was so gradual, so that he could not pinpoint the moment it had begun or ended but the man - the
He sighed when John pushed his hips down, as though taking John inside his body had alleviated some ache deep inside of him. He could almost feel the ache himself. John groaned again, deep and rough as though the sound was pulled right from his groin. "God," he moaned softly. Sherlock whimpered agreement.
"Wherever you like," he replied brightly. "Wherever you want to go."
he said, locking his eyes with Sherlock's own.
Eventually he let go, his hands unwinding from the tight grip they had had on Sherlock's hair and bum. They didn't break apart; John merely gave Sherlock a moment to pant harshly into his scalp before fixing his lips against Sherlock's outstretched neck. Sherlock gasped, his body sagging into John's, forgetting the music and the dance. He let the less-than-gentle sucking and biting continue for a moment before pulling away, trying uneasily to resume the rotation of their hips. "Please don't leave marks - I have to work tomorrow."
Molly replied, affronted.
The costume assistant, as usual for this close to opening, was particularly elusive; John wandered around for a while before he spotted Tobias sitting dejectedly on a stool, trying to fasten his own wig. The boy's eyes were rimmed with red, as though he had been crying. John immediately stopped his search and knelt beside his co-star.
, his mind added wistfully. "Although I also don't have your aversion to any sentence that could possibly have the word
"Cheers." Bill sauntered over and slung an arm around John's shoulders. John shared a conspiratorial grin with the tall teacher and dragged his friend into the diner. "Tell me you didn't make a comment about some girl's boobs," he pleaded when O'Doherty was out of earshot. Bill looked sheepish. "Oh, for God's sake. You really don't help yourself, do you?"
The changing room was dark; Sherlock fumbled around for a lightswitch for a moment before deciding that there must be a master switch in the reception and giving up, squinting as his eyes adjusted.
"He won't find out," Sherlock snapped. "The only people who know are Mycroft and myself." When the taller man looked unimpressed, he folded his arms defiantly across his chest. "I'm not going back."
want this, if only he'll just relax and
barriers between us, that I'm completely comfortable with you. I want complete physical and emotional intimacy." He paused, running his hands firmly up John's back, enjoying the feeling of him close, the warmth of them bleeding through their clothes until they shared the
It hit him all of a sudden as he looked down, forcing him to draw a sharp breath in.
We can't really rehearse that final scene by ourselves, can we?" John asked pensively after a while. "There are so many people in it there isn't a long enough string of dialogue to practice."
invasion of privacy! Godric, that's wrong on so many levels!"
with every fibre of his being and knowing that there was a good chance he'd never come back.
– Irish boy's sudden boldness. In any other situation he might have laughed, might have said something along the lines of 'good on him'. But like him or not, John couldn't understand how he could be
Open their congeal'd mouths and bleed afresh!
" he called. "
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Maybe you should just blow it. It could be dangerous, especially with that much security. Wouldn't it be better to destroy it and not find out what it was than let them take it and run the risk that it's something you wouldn't want in the wrong hands?"
- every single word has purpose just like a painter's brushstroke, and his language doesn't just read, it
" He looked up at the clock as though his eyes hadn't been fixed on it since nine o'clock that morning, frozen in the final stages of indecision. Eleven-fifteen, and even if he took a taxi it would take him at least three-quarters of an hour to get to London Central from here. He couldn't realistically expect Sherlock to wait for him for an hour.
," he repeated scornfully. "That's what this is really about, isn't it? You resent that he likes me more than you, because you're so used to being his hero, his mentor, his experienced
without clothes, lying down instead of standing pressed against the wall, tripping over their trousers pushed down to mid-thigh. This felt planned, deliberate, intoxicating.
If you are still reading this story without having read Mirith Griffin's Control, Alt, Delete, I strongly suggest you go and read that now; this particular flash-forward comes directly from the timeline of that story and as such will make absolutely no sense without it.
"I wish you didn't have to go."
and -"
. Somehow in those situations Will always managed to place himself in John's line of sight when he looked at Sherlock, so that when he lost himself and began to stare he always caught a glimpse of his friend's amused expression and forced himself to look away.
They breathed for a moment, John feeling the weariness creep into his body and his eyes slide shut of their own accord. "Rest now," he told his friend sleepily, reaching up to pat his cheek. "In the morning I'll show you
Sherlock tipped his head obligingly forwards and grabbed hold of the edge of the bathtub with one hand as John's fingers shifted to the sides of his head and massaged around his ears and down to the nape of his neck. The growl that escaped his throat as they reached there surprised even him with its low ferocity, making John laugh when he jumped slightly. No-one had
that?" he asked indignantly. "And that piece of paper you had before, that wasn't
Shakespeare grinned over his mug of beer. "I told you people would understand doubling Theseus and Oberon," he said smugly.
"Yes, it is," he replied. "Will was very impressed by Sherlock's performance in
The sailor nodded. "Thank you, Master Watson. Good day to you both."
He realised what he'd said a moment after it escaped his lips and bit them rather savagely in retaliation. He probably hadn't needed to sound so emphatic. Sherlock stared at him intently. "Sherlock, you're my best friend," John told him. "I care about you more than anyone else in the world. I think that can survive me seeing your sexual fantasies."
we could try out, though," he rescued. "And possibly a few other dynamics -
There was always a certain thrill in being called to a murder scene, but this went
Lestrade chuckles at that. "He'd never survive without you. And he knows it. He does love you, John, he's just… well, Sherlock. He likes to pretend he doesn't have emotions. I've known him for almost seven years now and the only thing I learned about him before you turned up was that he won't ask for help; he'll wait until you can't possibly not notice that he needs it."
makes tea, and John
he agreed. John nodded abruptly and let him go, stepping out of the circle they had created around themselves to face the other players on the stage. Sherlock stepped quickly to the edge of the stage and stared wistfully up to the balconies.
he answered sulkily. "
"Okay." He feels like he needs to say something else, but after clenching and unclenching his fists a few times he simply repeats himself. "Okay. Goodnight, Sherlock."
" The detective looks as though he's trying very hard to stay calm, and John's heart reaches out to him the way his arms can't. "About us, he'll know what happened."
"Have you seen the newspaper this morning,
The flood of light was visible even so, their shadows throwing themselves against the shelves of the opposite wall like the silhouettes left behind after chemical explosions. The noise came a moment after; a horrible screeching like millions of disturbed and angry bats. Then Sherlock's legs buckled and his heart froze and he collapsed forwards with a sharp cry, his arms shooting out at the last minute to catch him and hold him up against the desk of controls, his eyes squeezed shut against the light that had stopped being blinding when he had dropped the screwdriver.
Her imperious voice drifted back to him. "Mycroft, is that you?"
His nausea forgotten, Sherlock jumped out of bed and rushed to the mirror at the end of the dormitory, wincing when his pyjamas pulled tight across his shoulders and his newly-defined pectorals.
any of it. Well, the way he always forces me to do these things
Sherlock is lying on the sofa in his pyjamas in the dark when he gets there, fingertips steepled under his chin. "Evening, Sherlock," John gets out, trying somewhat unsuccessfully to stand on one foot in order to remove his shoe. The detective grunts in response. "What are you doing?"
he asked.
"The latter," Sherlock said briskly. Eliza looked rather stunned, as though she didn't believe women could be murderers. "It's imperative that we find her as soon as possible. Do you still have my phone number?" he asked Tom, who nodded, gesturing towards a business-card booklet visible under the bar.
he plonks a cup of tea in front of him and pushes his feet aside, the bag from the video store clutched in his hand. "Oh, good," Sherlock says cheerfully. "Because it'll probably be in the news later this week."
Brendan Leslie smiled. "I would be delighted, Monsieur de Richelieu," he agreed.
"I don't know," Lestrade admitted, crossing his legs and leaning against the side of the bed. "They called me when you woke up and I – I – I never told you I was in homicide," he realised halfway through the sentence. "Or that I was off-duty when I found you."
For a long moment, Sherlock watched him go, breathing slowly. Then he nodded, as though deciding something. "Right," he said softly.
Sherlock, however, was already pulling away, looking forcibly business-like. His cheeks seemed to have taken on a permanent shade of pink that offset the rich brown of his curls in a more or less entirely endearing manner. John smiled at him. "I've got to try again," the younger boy muttered, as though apologising for ending the hug.
Apologies for the delay. I misplaced my USB stick.
hadn't noticed him until now. The boy shrugged carefully. "I only just got here, Master Holmes," he said innocently, dropping consonants seemingly at random from his words. "Angelo said I should just come up."
"Mycroft," he says in a falsely cheerful manner. "What's happening here?"
I smile. "Most definitely. Go on, Inspector."
Attend your ladyship!
The door opened and Sherlock snapped away to greet Molly as she brought him coffee, but his brain wasn't in it; John Watson was in the corner of his eye, stoic and firm but
The boy smiled gratefully at him, almost ruining the effect by tripping over his hem before the stagehand could come to give him a hand. John turned around, chuckling to himself, and almost walked into a sharply familiar figure in a long black coat.
The sense of triumph was short-lived, though, as he watched the firm set to the doctor's walk with the carefully-wrapped journal held in his arms. His final thought before he returned to his new butler was that while he may have managed to stay in the detective's head, what small place he had gained himself in Sherlock's
were the format that actors were given scripts in. An actor was given their part rather than the entire script; they would get, at most, the last sentence, at least, the last word of the line before their own. Shakespeare often used this to his advantage by repeating the cued word several times.
A shout from across the bar forced John to turn away from his friend; Will and his group of enthusiastic audience members had started up an interesting rendition of Oberon's song of sexual prosperity and it was the playwright who had called out to his actors. He grinned and opened his mouth to say something else, but was distracted by the man beside him bumping his elbow, causing him to slop ale over the bar.
John had always loved that speech.
. Like Orlando and Ganymede only less spoken - you can tell from the lines that Orlando fancies the man that Rosalind is pretending to be, but he never
being pressed relentlessly into the wall; he found himself dragging the backs of his fingernails against the hot skin, his other fist clenching in the thick coat he couldn't figure out why his friend was still wearing. Sherlock shuddered underneath his hands, his back bowing as he slid an inch down the whitewashed wall in complete submission.
He counts to ten. Then he follows.
, the one that actually related to the case, seemed a fairly good and solid one. But the easiest way in which to assess its plausibility was to carry on what he and John had started the night before, and after his incredible reaction to
from behind the door, and John heard the building's housekeeper attempt a stern reprimand to its creator; then sure enough the door was flying open so hard it bounced off the wall and Sherlock was barging into the room.
without help. Which is probably a valid doubt, but it still makes John bristle with indignation. He tries to ignore it.
I think he may take issue with the abruptness of the ending," he said delicately. A few days previously the detective had treated both of them - and Ben, who had barely left Sherlock's side since they had first rehearsed together - to a rather long speech about how he perfectly understood the professional motivation of
Sherlock smirked. "One day, London will have a proper law enforcement authority," he commented idly. "The current system is close to useless. That's why I have so much custom - the Justices hold the title to impress people, not to actually make a difference. And the ones who employ Constables don't pay them enough for them to do anything because they aren't paid themselves. If you want a crime solved, you either have to do it yourself - and those so-called 'vigilantes' are more of a hindrance than anything else - or hire someone like me. And there are no people like me. Only me."
Sherlock folded his arms. "Just rehearsing the final scene," he said calmly. John suppressed a smile; they
"Looks like."
Sherlock smirks. Mycroft narrows his eyes. "And yet my surveillance places you at the scene of the crime within the appropriate time-frame. I do not believe that either of you killed Charles Milverton; however, I would like to know why you were at the house of someone so unsavoury at such a time."
He arched his back as he came again, feeling it shoot right up his chest, a strangled noise ripping its way out of his throat, and he wondered wildly whether his own muscles would ache when he came back to his own body and left this one behind, feeling empty already at the thought of leaving it.
John struggled to keep their hands joined as the swarm of people batted him this way and that. He'd been to the swimming sports last year when Bill was competing and it still surprised him the sheer
glance. "I'm sorry."
"Oh! Sh-Sherlock! I… I didn't see you." He made an effort to smile. The girl had helped him with a few experiments where he'd needed an extra pair of hands or someone to fetch something for him, so he usually tried to be nice in an attempt to keep the relationship in case he needed her again.
John smiled with half of his mouth as he slid his coat off his shoulders and climbed between Sherlock's legs, bending over to kiss him again, rubbing their groins together languidly. Sherlock whimpered into the kiss; John was just as hard as he was. There was no way it was just the friction of what they had been doing that had made this happen. His lips turned up into a smile against John's.
John stared as the detective threw back his head to accommodate the full-throated chuckle, his shoulders shaking. Crocker frowned angrily.
understand it was Tobias," he commented lightly.
I turn to look at John, who's staring at the body with adorable concentration.
," he says heavily. "Well, I mean… it's just as much
The Doctor stepped in behind him, crowding against his back. "Let me, then. John Smith, national Inspector of Government banking. Was here to do a spot-check, got a bit sidetracked."
John nodded. "That's why I asked what memory you used. It might just be that you need to practise, or concentrate more, but it might be that your happy memory wasn't strong enough. Try another one. Maybe a more recent one? Just a memory of doing something with your friends and being
so that John wouldn't be surprised if he turned around later and said he didn't need him anymore; he had been wavering between options all morning since the idea had occurred to him.
?" he shot back, tightening his fingers to squash Sherlock's between them. "Like I said, before that first role-play I didn't even know you were interested in sex. I didn't want to come on too strong and scare you away." He giggled suddenly as they stepped back out onto the street. "And then I thought, if a few violent and abusive bastards had to die so that you and I could get this right, then so be it."
John looked at him; usually when people teased him about such things he had a vague idea of whom they were referring to. "My what?" he was forced to ask.
" James drawled, limping theatrically to the kitchen and tapping the kettle with his wand.
"No," Sherlock dismissed when the laughter had faded. "Very nice story, but no - the way that body was placed, you couldn't possibly have cut down the bell-rope without noticing it." His smile vanished quite suddenly, and he leaned forwards once more with a slightly threatening manner.
"I wanted to be a writer when I was younger," he admitted, looking sheepish as though this was a silly thing to want to be. "But the moment I actually started to write a play - life is just so complicated. Every single person I even
the boy rebuffed,
John put down his own mug. "Oh, boy. Shall I refresh your memory?" Bill shot him a mischievous grin. "That time last year when you sang
The detective shrugged him off furiously. "
, and when he tried he was passable. And he was quite nice to talk to once John made the effort. "I'm nice to you because you're nice to me. If you need to talk about anything -"
"But you
"I'm sort of just… generally here to help," the Doctor corrected, rocking back on his heels and splaying his hands across his chest. Sherlock suppressed a smile. "But tell me – why were you calling the Shadow Proclamation?"
," the taller man said with a grimace, as though the word itself was an insult. He swung his umbrella and started for the door once more as though the shift in balance propelled him onwards. "Always a pleasure, little brother," he threw over his shoulder in a parting flourish.
. That Irish kid who was new that year, and you took him under your wing – was it
The sun was rising by the time they were fully dressed and sprinting down the road to Lestrade's cottage: Sherlock's face was taut with anxiety, and every time they paused for breath John could hear him mutter
The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons
Sherlock shook his head. "It's like she said. The London BDSM community isn't that big. And she didn't exactly
Once they had cleared the stage for the wedding scene, the young boy playing Helena stepped nervously in front of Sherlock, something steely in his eyes. "Um," he said, clearing his throat quietly. Sherlock glanced at John as if asking whether he ought to be worried. John grinned. "Mr Holmes, I just wanted to say - doing this with you has been a privilege. Everyone's performed better tonight, just because your energy is different. I'm not saying that I want Tobias in trouble, or whatever, but it's been great to have you here instead."
of their romance in it," the detective fumed, not pausing in his paces to acknowledge the quip. "Do they end up together at
The Science Officer apparently wasn't going to make himself easy to find in this palace, though, and John wandered for a while, peering into the loudest rooms as he went and raising incredulous eyebrows at some of the oddities therein. One room contained what looked like a giant sphere hollowed into the ground, luminous fish from odd planets swimming around it as a cool female voice intoned academic questions at the empty air. John thought he remembered hearing about Vulcan test simulators in a lecture at the Academy. Another housed a curly-haired Vulcan boy sitting dejectedly on a bench with an older man that John instantly recognised as a young Sherlock with his godfather, Ambassador Spock.
He had to go back and find Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock seemed to be avoiding John's gaze, staring uncertainly towards the corner of the room. "I know," he said. "It's unusual. I'm just weird."
"What
The detective grinned back. "Don't they?" he asked. He picked up John's hand and slid his long fingers between John's stubby ones. "That sounds a bit dull."
have been here? Unless…"
asked, tilting his head to one side curiously.
John looked up; it was far higher than he could reach, but it was easy to see; where the curtain rail had been was only a few scratches, as though it had been carefully dismantled rather than pulled from the wall. "It wasn't pulled down at all," he concluded. "It was taken down gently so that it wouldn't make a huge noise and wake the staff."
He snorted. Sherlock treated him to the ghost of a smile. "Sherlock, I'm sorry for what I said," John blurted desperately as the smile faded. "I never meant - I've considered you to be my friend since the day we met. I didn't mean to belittle that just because you happened to touch a nerve with what you said about Molly."
But it couldn't have actually
Cinematically, the doorbell rings. Once upon a time, he hadn't believed that such timing was naturally possible, but with Sherlock things seem to happen with perfectly
"Right," he says, picking up his feet and frowning as Sherlock marches off down the street. If they're always going to be jealous of anyone the other spends any time or attention on things are going to get rather complicated. John pictures Sherlock's
could go off alcohol completely then surely she'd see that
He sighed. "I'm not sure," he replied, suppressing a frown as he watched Ben's face light up at the praise.
be finding her victims from
Outside, the sunlight is startling. Both men stop by the door and blink a little. John's stomach bubbles hopefully; he dreads to think what Sherlock's must be like. "Do we have time for lunch?" he asks casually.
he lamented to the audience, clasping his hands fretfully.
John resolved immediately to keep Sherlock as close to his chest as he could without showing him just how infatuated he was. The pure-blood deserved to have someone who told him he was fantastic every day.
"Clothes," he said against the sculpted lips when they next broke apart.
you enough that you can afford a better place even temporarily," he consoled. "Though I'm sure if you suggested to this inkeep that you were moving out without having found permanent lodgings he would insist that you stay as long as you need." Sherlock gave another short smile. "So where was the address, then? The murder?"
The Irish kid's black backpack was bulging; John couldn't say whether it had been like that before. Jim looked up, his dark Irish eyes wide with innocence. "What do you mean? My jumper. I brought a raincoat too, it looked nasty."
"Yes," she repeats, in the hugely patronising tone of someone talking to a child. "In a hospital for the destitute, in Southwark." She flicks her slick blonde hair over her shoulder before turning back to Sherlock as though John were some kind of insect that had required her attention for a moment. He starts to get a bit annoyed. "I do charity work sometimes, and I haven't been down there in years, but when Neville disappeared I felt… I felt like any good deed might help, you know?" Sherlock – who had no idea – just raised an eyebrow. "So I was walking down the main street and I looked up at the windows of this hospital, and I saw Neville's face. I was… shocked, but I thought maybe he was being held there against his will, so I ran into the hospital and up the stairs, but when I got to the room I'd seen him in there was no-one there but this smelly old beggar with a harelip. I looked everywhere, but Neville wasn't there. In the corner of the room, though, there were these…"
Reverently, he slid John's hands down his stomach, lost in the paradox of it – they were John's hands on his stomach as though they had never felt anything so beautiful, or were they
The detective frowned, still looking murderous. "You are not a 'bit of rough'," he said fiercely. "You're my friend."
His dark, piercing eyes left the boy, then, and travelled directly upwards to the doorway. John froze, expecting the Vulcan to shout in angry surprise at his presence, but if the alien even registered that he was there, he did not react. Shaken - and slightly guilty that he had lingered to watch such a private moment - John moved on.
John folded his arms. "No. I'm not going to stand here so you can humiliate me while I try to disseminate what –"
For a long moment, Sherlock neither moved nor spoke, the silence between them deep and heavy. "Say it," the other man whispered once that moment had passed.
to give the impression he was both desperate and inexperienced.
This time he
Sherlock, who hadn't slept at all, glared at him from the living-room table. John said a cheerful 'good morning, Sherlock', ignoring the glare completely until he had ventured out of the kitchen, balancing a stack of toast and two mugs of tea. "Didn't sleep, then?" the doctor asked, placing one of the mugs of tea in front of Sherlock and sitting down opposite him, careful to position the toast halfway between the two of them so that the invitation was clear.
notice? The stable-boys sleep right upstairs, the dogs can't have barked at all or they'd have woken up. And what's more – John, are you still with me?"
Lestrade looked uncomfortably frozen; in the time it would take them to get a search order, even if a Justice were able to grant it to them the moment they walked into the building, who knew what Peters could do with that coffin? John shifted his weight onto the balls of his feet in readiness, not sure what they could do but knowing they had to do
Bradley and Matt looked up and grinned as John plonked down next to them, looking unenthusiastically at his tray-ful of some rather ambiguous-looking curry. "I'd almost forgotten about school dinners," he said sadly.
His friend frowned, looking almost pitying.
wants to rehearse with me - I used to fantasise that he would when I was younger."
John snorted. "Yeah, right."
"It shouldn't matter how old you are if your ideas are brilliant," John argued. "I mean – what does it matter where the solution
John to actually going out and
"Nah, we just left her there," the DI replied with an unnecessary level of sarcasm. "Of course we arrested her. We're on our way back to the Yard now."
They had been standing out in the wind for the better part of ten minutes before Jim sauntered up to them. "What did I miss?" he asked nonchalantly, eyeing the blond teacher, who was flapping his hands animatedly at someone in Cuxton blue.
"What did he steal?" John asked, bending to try and roll the man over to retrieve whatever it was, quickly checking his pulse and feeling the cheekbone where he had hit it in case he'd broken it. He hadn't.
John's penis started to fill out against Sherlock's abdomen once more as they kissed and stroked one another; Sherlock began to notice John's hands roaming over his back and side, trailing over the ticklish dip leading into his hipbone. He squirmed at this, making John break away from the kiss for a moment to chuckle delightedly. "Are you ticklish?" he asked, rather redundantly given that Sherlock was shifting breathlessly away from his fingers.
Will raised an eyebrow. "That's it?" he said incredulously.
Ben, who had not quite developed the taste for ale that he pretended to, rested his own mug on the bar, crossing one arm over his chest to do so, which blocked his body from the young man who was getting a little too close as he praised the boy. John flashed the man a warning look and he backed off. Ben grinned gratefully at John.
done," he said quietly. "I'll leave the rest to you, Inspector."
"Doctor?" Sherlock called into the speaker before thinking it through. "Doctor Smith and Mister Fitzgerald, are you there?" he covered quickly, carefully not looking at the others.
Sherlock smiled at his flatmate, sleep slowing down his body somewhat, and stretched indolently. John's eyes widened gratifyingly as his shirt strained against his chest. "Thank you, John," he murmured sleepily. John smiled back, and for a moment Sherlock thought he might bend down and kiss him goodnight and tilted his face up gently to accommodate the gesture.
to make that evacuation order
, or something else that indicated he would be interested in using it recreationally himself, but instead he shrugged. "I thought it might come in handy," he admitted wryly. John blinked, then laughed again and snatched the tape from the table, testing it between his fingers.
Outside it's beautifully sunny and John regrets the fit of pique that led him to wear one of his thickest jumpers. Sherlock looks around with a tiny smile on his face. "Where to now, Doctor?"
John, wanted to rip his clothes off and lay him on a bed and taste every inch of his glorious body. The flipside was that he didn't want to stop kissing him for long enough to get there and he was just about considerate enough not to drop to his knees and block their landlady's escape route.
The older woman sighed happily. "I am glad they finally opened their eyes," she remarked. "They did dance around each other something awful."
thoughts and memories, all of it so completely
Oddly, John didn't find this particularly reassuring. He didn't dare look at the co-star that had sprinted onto the stage at the last minute until he was ready to say his first line; he didn't trust Will not to have found someone on the street or even in the audience who claimed to know all the lines but would in fact rely heavily on the stage-hand's prompts.
John rolled his eyes and settled against the back of the elevator, knowing he was headed to the penthouse.  He thought back to the first time he had ever met the elusive Sherlock Holmes.
John nods and enters quickly, shutting it behind him but then thinking better of it.  He cracks the door open and Sherlock is nowhere to be seen, “Sherlock, did you want to shower with me?”
She glanced at him and then up at the roof of the car like she was thinking, “Let’s go with Anthea.”
But it didn’t matter and John knew it so he whistled for a cab and told the driver the address.  He rolled his eyes at the sight of the hotel as he took a single step out of the cab.
John doesn’t know what to say, “I—I’m sorry, I had to--”
“Isn’t it against policy to make fun of your clients?”
He did remember the day he finally admitted it to himself, it was the same day he met the elder Holmes.
-------------------------------------------------------
“Yes, I’m very sure.”
“Oh, yes.”  Sherlock pulls out a piece of paper from an inner pocket and hands it to John.
“How did he know that?”  Anderson speaks up.
He pulls the rubber band off slowly and unfolds the cash to count it but when he does something falls out of the middle into his lap.  He sets the money aside and picks up the object.  It is two keys that John holds close to inspect as they both have inscriptions.  The first, the larger key reads 221.  And the second key reads B.
The woman looked John up and down, taking in the old jeans and jumper that had been a Christmas gift. “What about Mycroft Holmes?”
“John Watson,” Sherlock says, cradling John’s face and staring into his eyes, “Since you came into my life it has been so much better, you are the mystery that I will never solve and only you could make that bearable for me.  I love you, my dear Watson, and I would like to move in with you as my boyfriend.  Now would you please shut up and kiss me.”
“Sarah!”
John was retiring.  The call boy business wasn’t as glamorous as it seemed and he wasn’t the same age as he had been when he had started at uni.  He had decided about two months ago but it had taken him this long to break it to all of his clients.  Today, he had his last appointment and he just knew this was going to be the hardest client to break the news to.  He sighed as the cab pulled up to the familiar too wealthy hotel.  He walked to the front desk slowly.
“What was that you wanker?”
“I’m sorry John, you weren’t picking up.”
Once inside he looked over at the woman who typed away on her phone, “Do you have a name?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Really, Mycroft has no boundaries.” Sherlock swung the door shut dramatically.
Sherlock smiles into the kiss, “you’re giggling.”
---------------------------------------------
“Piss off.”  John says pushing Sherlock away and walking into the hotel room.
John swallowed, he was not about to tell a client that he had crossed the worst line he could in his business and fallen for the mad man, “Just, just, that he wanted me to spy on you.”
John laughs, “Are you flirting with me, Sherlock?”
“He must be a freak, too.” Sally says.
“I’m sorry?”
“Yes, but you are a mystery John Watson and I plan on keeping you around until I figure it out.”
Sherlock studied John for a long moment, “And what if I was?”
“Are you that oblivious Lestrade?  Look at him, he’s a doctor and he’s with me.”
John’s jaw dropped, “I am no mystery, Sherlock, and how did you find out my last name?”
“Sherlock are you really that thick?  When have I ever catered to your ego?  Hell, Sherlock, I yell at you more than the yard does!”
-------------------------------------
The woman typed again and her eyes went wide, “Why yes, of course, I am so sorry for the confusion Mr. Watson, please follow me to the private elevator.”  The woman hurried over to the corner of the large front room and scanned a keycard into an elevator reader.  When it opened, John stepped in and the woman followed, holding the door open.
He wants to tell Sherlock before anything happens so he sits on the couch and pulls a pillow onto his lap.  When Sherlock enters, he nearly misses John on the way to the bedroom.  He pauses and takes in John from head to toe.  Finally he comes to sit on the table in front of John, his hands poised under his chin.
“Then why?  Moriarty?”
Sherlock growled again, “You said you are retiring because you find your job un-enjoyable.  I am a part of your job.  Measuring me as the least un-enjoyable is hardly a rave review.”
“Sherlock, stop, this is not about my clients, and remind me later to ask how you knew them as that is a huge boundary you’ve crossed.”  Sherlock rolls his eyes but doesn’t speak, “This is about me, my age, and how little I enjoy this job anymore.”
John smiles and takes the wallet, shaking his head.  He looks at the list again, “well, the first one is easy enough.”
Sherlock shrugged, “Shame, I’m sure he would have paid you well.”
“John Watson here to see Sherlock Holmes.”
“Sherlock, we haven’t even done anything yet.”
Sherlock waits a second more but whirls out of the loo in a flush of black hair and white skin, taking John’s clothes with him. John finishes stripping and gets in the shower.  He thinks of Sherlock and finds himself getting surprisingly hard.  He’s attracted to both men and women so he has never had a problem but at just the thought of the man?  That wasn’t very usual.
John wiped a hand over his eyes and looked over at Sherlock, “I don’t want to be sleeping with any number of clients when I have someone at home waiting for me.”
He takes a step out and looks down the hall to where the single door is open and Sherlock stands leaning against the door jam, waiting.
“Sherlock!”  John bit through his teeth.
John smiles into the kiss and tilts Sherlock’s chin so they can kiss more properly.  When they separate, it’s slow and takes John’s breath away.  Sherlock keeps his eyes closed for a second, surprised at the kiss.
John catches the towel easily and when Sherlock doesn’t move he sighs, “Did you want to watch me?”
John turned back to the man who was now standing, walking with his umbrella, towards John.  John hated each click it made on the hard ground.  Mycroft came to stand a foot from John, “You’ve fallen for him, and after three weeks?”
“What do you think John?”
John stood behind, bracing himself against the back of it, “I’d rather not obey the instructions of someone who just kidnapped me thanks.”
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“What do people normally say?”
Before he knew what had happened, he had been pushed back into the cab and someone had climbed in after him.  A low voice says an address but John is only staring at the stranger.  He is tall, thin, and yes gorgeous, but that sure as hell doesn’t give him the right to kidnap John!
A phone rings and Sherlock smiles.  Lestrade pulls the phone out of the dead man’s pocket and answers it.  When he shakes his head at the sound of a woman’s voice, Sherlock turns and strides away. “Come along John.”
Sherlock snorts, “Of course not, don’t be ridiculous but I like men John, men, not men who smell and taste like women.”
Sherlock watches John for a moment but doesn’t answer and instead busies himself with telling the cab driver the superior way to get to the hotel.  John wonders what he said to make this man ignore him again but decides he doesn’t care. This man is paying him.  Which reminds him—
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, “That’s all?”
“There is something I need to tell you Sherlock.”
Sherlock opens a door to the left, “The bath.”
“Consulting detective…did you make that up?”
He banged on the door loudly until Sherlock swung it open; ready to yell at whomever it was only to stop short. “John? What happened?”
John heard Sherlock growl inside, “No, go on and check off the rest of your clients that are so un-enjoyable for you!”
“Well you better take back the money because I’m not going anywhere until you understand.”
John shivered and did as she said out of curiosity more than fear.
“Don’t call me John” He bit back fiercely, feeling a strange need to protect Sherlock, “And I don’t take bribes.”
John smiles at those deep blue eyes and looks down, his smile fading, “It’s not about money, Sherlock, it’s about my job, I’m, I’m going to--”
He presses on John’s leg a few times and John gasps in pain but when he is finished John can stand and walk fine again.
Sherlock nods, “I agree, honestly Lestrade, are you so incompetent that you can’t spot a suicide?”
“I’m a consulting detective and occasionally the yard uses me when they are out of their depth which is nearly always.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Well of course John, what did you think? I wanted a live in prostitute?”
“So, explain the scratches and the clothes.”  Lestrade says, angry but used to the madness.
When the man finished texting he gave the phone to John.  John looked down and his jaw dropped.  How had this stranger taken his phone?
“Who better to trust than a professional?”
John sighed “When’s the appointment?”
“Greg Lestrade, I’m the chief, and I’m sorry for the inconvenience but I’ll need to know your credentials before I can let you near the body.  Your name?”
John froze about to spit back a retort when it dawned on him that the man was right.  John hadn’t fallen for anyone in so long he had missed the signs and now it was too late.
John moaned into Sherlock’s neck, “I could barely make it into the elevator, I was so afraid you’d say I was just your prostitute.”
He finally loosened his grip, “Well did you say you would do it?”
John smiled and pulled Sherlock into a passionate kiss, oh yes, he had fallen for Sherlock Holmes.  But Mycroft had been right, a brother would know if their sibling loved or not and he had said Sherlock incapable of it.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed and he is angry that John won’t just kiss him, “mmm” he murmurs.
The woman typed the name into the computer and looked up skeptically, “I’m sorry sir, are you sure you have the right hotel?”
Sherlock lets out a frustrated growl, “If you had been paying attention, you would have seen the signs too.  He has scratches on this side of his neck but on the other he has lipstick smudges.  There is a woman’s hair on his jacket and there is a women’s only apartment building two blocks north from here.  She rejected him, or so he thought, he found the first building with open roof access and jumped.  She actually did like him though so she should be calling right around--”
“Of course not, they’re idiots.”
“You think so?”
Sherlock growls and suddenly John has been picked up and they are walking to the bedroom, “Sherlock!”  John yells though he isn’t upset at all.
John sat silent for a minute before speaking, “That…was amazing.”
“Crime scene.  I assume you are fine considering you deal with bodily fluids daily.”
Sherlock stopped short at that because of course John was right.  He folded his arms and turned to stone.  John felt his whole body slump at the look on Sherlock’s face, “Why are you still here?  I have given you enough money to last all day but all I requested was that you leave.”
He doesn’t know what else to say, this is by far, the strangest day he has ever had; the strangest part being how much he has liked his time with Sherlock.  He had started prostituting because he needed the money and it would be a new adventure every day.  Eventually, it got boring but being with Sherlock sparked his curiosity and his adrenaline.  Sherlock walks quickly to a door at the end of the hall and unlocks it.  John hurries in after him but stops short.  The hotel room is more like an apartment.  They walk into a sitting room and John has to walk around a corner to find the king size, luxurious looking bed.
Finally the man looks at John and John has to tell himself to breathe at the man’s beautiful grey eyes.
“Please John, don’t be absurd!”
“Uhm, Dexter.”
“Quiet Anderson; you lower the IQ of the entire street.”
Sherlock’s head rose, “You aren’t seeing anyone, I would know.”
As soon as John stepped out, Sherlock began marching towards him, “You’re late.”
He grabbed the wad of money and chucked behind him, knowing Sherlock had followed.  He sat, realizing he was only wearing pants, “You said save the worst for last but that is not the correct sentiment, Sherlock, what is?”
“John?”
The blond woman smiled kindly at him, “I’m so sorry sir; we have no one under that name registered here.”
“Not yet but Sherlock I’m sitting here in my pants, despite the fact that you have been a complete arse, and have just given back the money you have given me for sex.  What do you think those variables mean?”
With that John turned and marched towards the car.  He stopped when he heard a chuckle come from behind him, “Oh, my dear, I’m afraid my assistant was right.”
John’s mouth hung open with the information Sherlock had on his clients, James Moriarty had been his first client and was rather pushy with stalker tendencies that John didn’t like.  He had told James first that he was retiring.
John nodded tightly once, unsure of what he would do if Sherlock pushed the issue.
“Count the money John.”
“I’m retiring from the prostitute business.”
“Dull.” He says ducking into John again, who giggles unwillingly.
