Surrounding him is one of the most breathtaking places he’s ever seen. Behind him, where he’d come from, is a tree so large it could be a giant sequoia’s much larger, much wiser older brother with a thick, house-wide base that’s a dark, purplish-red grey that grows pinker as the trunk of the tree thins and eventually forms massive branches, so high up Dean can barely make out where they fan out into waxy, emerald-green leaves, each the size of Dean’s face. The grass is so green it's almost blue, healthy and vibrant looking and Dean can make out a freckling of flowers in pinks, blues, and whites throughout the landscape.
When he’s finished, his nicotine-stained fingers screw the cap onto the jug of holy water he was purifying, tucking the rosary away for future use. This once special errand had become banal and tiresome, but holy water was a hot commodity. Maybe the apocalypse that didn’t happen had excited the demons, made them unshrinking in their attempts to exist on Earth. Or maybe Dean just felt like there was more work to be done, now that he was doing it by himself.
“I’ll see you two inside.” He steps away and tries to ignore everything except that, at the last moment, Cassie gave him a hesitant returning smile.
Sam was similarly dressed in a patient gown because in the commotion of getting Dean here he’d had a dizzy spell again and the nurses admitted him. It wasn’t a bad idea, though he kept sneaking out of his room to be near Dean.
At this point, Dean’s figured out that there must be something tempting these men here that far outweighs a simple party, but the question is why haven’t they returned?
“Oh, no.” Dean’s face falls, he tries to recover with a sheepish smile, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard the ‘you’re like a son to me’ bit.”
Baely peers out the door before he answers, “I’m bound in servitude until I die. I’m sure you’ve noticed he’s not an ordinary man. My kind is always forced to work for his kind.”
On the next hand Dean is dealt a five of diamonds and a five of hearts and before the flop Micheal bets hard like he has something good, and everybody folds except for Dean and Cas, who call, feeling it’s worth the risk. The first three cards are the ace of spades, the king of spades, and the ace of diamonds. Dean has two pairs, not the strongest hand unless it turns into a full house, but watching Micheal scoot forward a smaller bet than last time, Dean raises him by half. Micheal curses, announcing he’ll fold before they’ve even moved onto Cas, who’s been studying their interaction and now gently slides forward double the amount that Micheal bet, raising even Dean.
“Prove it..” Cas turns his head over his shoulder, crooning like the sweetest of sirens, “Leave with me.”
“A part of your soul.” Cas corrects, “And a part of your soul leaves your body every time you’re dreaming, anyways, though it doesn’t exactly go to other realms—”
Within the walls of this cave is somewhat of a house, with wood panels separating the various floors with even the semblance of a staircase creeping around the outer edge of the wall. Strewn about the place is more furniture, but also more personal effects like books and objects that look to be involved in ritual: candles and ingredient bowls.
The war in heaven has been going favorably, thanks to the help of Cas (and Dean, Sam, and Bobby) and it leaves them plenty of time for dealing with the milk-run hunts, like the nest of vampires they’d just finished clearing. He still wants to go check-in on Caleb and sometimes misses Zulges, eager to test the strength of Cas and his newly discovered bond, but it might have to wait a little longer.
“Well, for me, too.” Dean can’t resist giving him a shit-eating grin, “So I don’t have to live with my best friend having a crap taste in music.”
Dean tilts his head up to meet Cas’s eyes, glaring, “My sex-life isn’t any of your buisness, actually.”
Dean is thinking of how he will look on television when he blandly states, “Michael and I have very different personalities.”
Dean would say something back but Cassie and Lisa make an entrance and he’s already standing up, moving towards them, and giving Castiel a nod as he departs. He wants to catch Cassie’s eye again, but the producers rush into the fray and gather up the contestants in their hands, shuffling them liberally and dishing them back out at measured intervals to speak to the Bachelorettes and Dean doesn’t even make it over there before Cassie’s saddled up with someone else.
“Helping.” Cas retorts, frustratingly unhelpful and shocking both Dean and Bobby as he pushes his hand deeper and elicits a shout from Sam as he wriggles against his bedsheets in a frail effort to get away. Cas’s face is bent in concentration, his eyes almost falling shut as he studies something that only he can see, and announcing bleakly, “There’s something wrong with Sam’s soul.”
Cas, who has been busy assembling ingredients and studying a piece of paper covered with Enochian scribbles with clear frustration, calls over his shoulder, “Almost. I require more of your blood.”
Dean’s smile lifts the side of his face for a moment, but then his expression returns to neutral, if not a little uncomfortable, “I gotta ask, do you think Lisa would care?”
“I could ask you the same.” Cas says, and despite his earlier disregard, his expression brightens around the eyes and one corner of his mouth actually half-curls before promptly plummeting as he shoves Sam back through the doorway.
"That was a dick move, Cas.” Dean says, like a dick, but he needs a subject change enough that the angel’s feelings can’t be spared. "What if you had died? That would’ve killed me and Sammy.”
“You have more in common with Sammy than me.” Dean retaliates, frowning a bit at Cas’s answer, “I thought you were pretty close to your brothers?”
Cas looks at him, which he takes as his cue to turn around in greeting. He tries to look angry, like he was arguing with Cas, rather than gearing to feel him up. Benny's still wearing his poker face as he goes, "I thought you were gonna start a fight."
“I’m—” Dean starts, unsure of what he’s trying to say, then settles for swallowing it away and beginning anew, “What now?”
“What about Castiel? Michael said he’s not interested in Lisa, is this true? Remember, you can be honest.”
Their group date for today is an adventure excursion that involves following a local guide on a five mile hike at an incline through the rain forest, and as they reach the summit that they’ve been traversing they’re surprised to see a zip-line setup to save them the trouble of going back down.
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean spits out through the pool water in his mouth as soon as they’re breathing air, not letting go for fear Cas might sink back to the bottom of the pool, “Didn’t know drinking would make you suicidally stupid.”
Dean knows he’s slow to self-revelations, but he’s unprepared for the desperation his shaking hands hold, not noticing until now that he’s not even
Upon returning to the mansion, Benny had flopped down, face-up on one of the couches and now stared blankly at the ceiling. Cas sat on the armrest of his couch, giving Benny an unsure little pat on the forehead and shooting Dean a pleading glance, looking to him for rescue, and expression turning into a mix between wide-eyed anxiety and glowering resentment as Dean abandons him to go to the kitchen.
“Dude, stop psychoanalyzing me.” Dean barks out gruffly, feeling like Benny had just slid something sharp and metallic underneath the first layer of his skin, “I was fine with Lisa. I like the women, for the record.”
Dean breath pitches forward, once, as Cas’s mouth and tongue spill goosebumps across Dean’s neck, Dean tilting his head to let Cas tickle his pulse point and his skin is shocked alive by the battling sensations of cooling water and Cas’s burning warm lips. It drives him crazy.
there we have it!! hopefully a big dramatic kiss is what y'all needed. one of the reasons there was a delay in posting was because i could never quite settle on an ending i liked, but hopefully this is good enough ://
“So, will you accept this rose?” She presents it to him delicately, biting her lip like she’s worried he’ll reject it.
There are absolutely rules against sharing Lisa’s likes with Cas. But, there aren’t cameras actively rolling here in the bedroom and of the rules he’s broken (like sneaking into the competition on false pretenses anyways) telling Cas that Lisa likes rock music doesn’t seem so criminal.
“Cas?” Dean tries to chase the sleep from his eyes as he rolls to face Cas, coming nose-to-nose with him in the confused, hazy state of consciousness that comes from being simultaneously tipsy and hungover and roused so unexpectedly. Some sort of protest threatens Dean’s throat, maybe at their closeness, but his thoughts fall from him as Cas’s hands find purchase on Dean’s chest, Cas’s finger warm even through the pinched fabric underneath.
“The only thing he eats is blood. Fresh from the victim.” Baely draps a bandage across Dean’s forehead and prepares to leave, “If you want to kill him, you must die.”
“All of them?” Dean can’t veil which he’s referring to, and the reminder casts both he and Cas’s faces into a bleaker shade. At the time, Dean had been desperate, and yet he’d made peace with the fact that he was utterly alone.
“Hey, Cas.” He says, watching Cas emerge, bleary-eyed from behind the gate separating the outdoor patio from the rest of the world.
“Not quite.” Cas disagrees, and Dean is about to chalk up his assumption to angelic perspective before he continues, “While you were with Miriam, I was interrogating the daughter, Kedyn. She suggested her mother had been sexually intimate with another man.”
“I’ve told you I love Led Zeppelin, right? And bar food?” Dean says with a wink-wink nudge-nudge in Cas’s direction.
Sam looks reassured by that answer, but Dean hangs onto all the wrong words, “So, what happens? What does a damaged soul do?”
“I didn’t sleep with Lisa, by the way.” Dean murmurs at last, right onto Cas’s skin, “To save you the trouble of forcing it out of me.”
“Cas, can you keep a secret?” He whispers against his best friend’s side, knowing the answer already but trying to provide an introduction to the topic that keeps rattling around in his head, desperate to get out.
Cas, in his moment of victory, is unthinking. With the same small smile plastered across his face, he stares at the blade like it holds the answer to all of their problems, “This blade can kill Rapheal.”
“Why not?” He finally catches Dean’s eyes and they shine with anger, “What’s so crucial about being on this show?”
In the shower, Dean reaches around with two fingers and starts to mimic the sensation, now sprinting towards that edge and as he gets closer he finds himself biting back a moan, the sound still spilling forth and splattering against the tile walls.
“Sammy? That really you?” Dean’s voice sounds calmer to his ears than he feels, torn between elation and anxiety.
Dean didn’t expect to get this far, if he’s being honest. But he’s beginning to think he could have a real chance to win and marry Lisa. It’s just up to him to decide if that’s what he really wants, he guesses he has a chance to decide that on today’s date.
Dean then sits, taking apart his guns for cleaning and reassembly, running a cloth over the metal in a familiar routine. It’s one that his fingers know well and are apt enough to do on their own, letting his mind go numb. If he tries hard enough, he can almost forget where he is as one hotel bleeds into the next and the monsters become a nebulous, writhing mass of evil in his mind. There are no breaks, not anymore, and he couldn’t stand them if he had them.
The night is drawing to a close, so it’s time to exchange goodbyes as the twilight melts into dark. He pulls Lisa into a hug, brief but firm, and holds her at arm’s length for a moment afterwards, the lights of the camera making him dizzy with warmth.
Matilda looks to Cas, who has been practically mute throughout the duration of the interviews, and back to Dean before answering, “No. I mean, we had a little argument before he left, but…”
Then Dean starts exploring him with the glide of fingertips and rough scrape of palm, hand squeezing at the base with a couple light strokes to warm him up after the cool of the water. Cas hardens in his hand and starts to adopt the flushed look that Dean was so recently sporting. Dean wonders if he’ll go that far  as he looks up to Cas, lip pinched between his teeth and lids half-drawn, and decides as his next stroke coaxes out a drop of precum that drips down Dean’s knuckles, leaving a sticky trail in its wake.
“I know, we’ll try our best.” Dean feels the tiniest bit guilty for lying, knowing that he’s only doing this to ultimately help save his brother, but he shuffles  the notion away.
They press forward again, their lips meeting, a fever dream in the burning neon pool water and sticky air laden with chlorine. Dean’s hands wet the hair at the nape of Cas’s neck and the leverage sends them into each that much more.
“It’s not that.” Cas sounds exasperated, and his hand clenches the sheet where Dean was just sitting, “I just think—”
Dean’s tongue feels heavy in his mouth, numb even, so he doesn’t speak. Berengerus uses Dean’s silence as an invitation to press his mouth against Dean’s, kissing him. Dean turns his head to the side, which prompts Berengerus to kiss down Dean’s jaw and onto his neck.
His head felt like a fork in an electrical socket, the calluses on his fingers scratchy against the skin of his face. And his chest was heaving, though he couldn’t pin-point why. He remembered the last time he’d felt like this; it was on a milk-run vampire case, back when Sam was dead and Cas was missing. He’d taken out the head vamp and thought that was the end of it, heading back to his hotel room to get the kind of drunk that danced a fine line between black-out and alcohol poisoning.
He fixes his grin on Lisa and it’s a bit phoney in the middle, teeth going crooked and lips cracking, “Nice to meet you, Lisa.”
“Yeah, but you can use—” Benny cuts himself off, suddenly smiling wholeheartedly and with wicked delight.
It takes Dean a week to discover that Cas has never been drunk before, and it takes another week for Dean to fix it. The secret came out when Dean was sitting at the edge of the pool, his bare legs dipping into the cool water and occasionally raising to splash absentmindedly in Cas’s direction, “You’ve never been drunk? Never ever?”
He’s already been in the shower awhile, so he thinks ‘screw it’ and continues, letting himself remember that night with Cas in the pool: the heat, the wet of the pool, and the taste heavy on his tongue. And then, he starts imaging himself and Cas alone in the back of his Impala, Dean on his back with Cas
Dean doesn’t respond and the whole ordeal turns into more of a hug with Cas’s arms loosely enveloping Dean as Dean stills. Dean doesn’t think, just turns, his lips landing at the corner of Cas’s mouth in a curt kiss. He pulls away before it can become anything else and diverts his attention back to stirring the mixture in the bowl.
Dean throws the ball back just as easy, maybe a little far, because Cas jumps and arches back, splashing on his back as he catches it and sinking into the water. He stands and wipes the water from his eyes, lobbing it back towards Dean. Dean then throws it towards an unsuspecting Benny, who fumbles a bit but eventually catches it. Besides Cas, Benny is Dean’s favorite contestant, which is why he didn’t protest when Benny hoped in the water in hopes of joining their little game.
That came from way out of Dean’s peripheral vision, hitting him squarely on the side of the jaw, “Come again?”
Then the cameras roll in for his post-date interview and it lasts eons, mostly because in the light of a new day Dean finds himself much less forthcoming about his feelings towards Lisa. He’s embarrassed that the questioners have to prod him to elaborate, and are nowhere near satisfied when he rambles off some bullshit about finally falling in love. They want him to act smitten in front of the cameras, not bored, even though he is.  He leaves knowing they’re all hoping he’s eliminated so they can twist the footage into a dramatic story arc.
Dean supposes that’s the best he’s gonna get, so he turns Cas and himself around, Cas for the most part having gone along with the whole thing though his face betrays his skepticism, “What type of favor?”
He bets high, confident, daunting Cas with his eyes and his body language as he places a large stack of chips at the center of the table and hoping it’ll inspire a fold. Cas doesn’t relent, immediately moving to call, and yet coming back with a stack even larger.
Benny turns to Dean,knowing it's right up Dean’s alley, and hopes to catch his eye and revel in the hilarity of it together. Yet Dean is more focused on watching Cas’s reactions to the show rather than the actual show itself, and the moment passes without him even looking at Benny.
Dean leans into the kiss, swiftly replacing his mouth with a curl of his palms, stroking Cas enthusiastically as the crescendo builds. Cas breaks away from the kiss he first sought and ducks into Dean’s neck, panting and warm. He presses his mouth to the skin there to keep from crying out, and Dean tries to commit the sweet tickle of breath to memory.
“What’s your name?” The guy spits out, and Dean almost jumps at the low lashing sound, startled to hear him speak at all.
“I reckon we get some teams together. Have a real game.” Benny tosses it back to Dean, who rockets it to Cas.
“He’s been back for a week.” Dean says, the accusation hefty on his tongue. He’s surprised at how easy his anger comes. In his defence, he was just startled from sleep.
“We’re off to a great start, then.” Dean can’t help but give him another smile. For all his peculiarity, Dean finds him easy to talk to, “Although, I’ll admit. I still haven’t figured out why you’re here.”
A few of the other contestants looked around with disbelief, including the gangly guy named Garth, “No way! That’s some luck. I get drunk off of one beer.”
“C’mon, this can’t be happening.” Dean says, face falling as he plants himself in the rickety chair against the wall of Sam’s room, his legs feeling wobbly. His head spins round and round. When will this end? He pictures the grief he’d been swimming in as a vast black sea, sees it toss him up briefly before its waves crash back down, swallowing him whole.
“Yeah, yeah. Whatever.” Dean says, unconvinced by the intricate, far-reaching explanation Cas had launched into earlier.
Even in his state, he managed to take out the vampire. But he didn’t account for the human thrall, the one who’d pulled a gun and shot Dean in the shoulder. It was a miracle she didn’t finish the job, running off now in fear of finally being by herself, and Bobby had patched him up after that, that being when they’d started speaking again.
Dean’s unsure if Cas catches onto his meaning, because Cas’s expression remains painfully neutral as he summarizes, “The only conclusion we’ve made is that the men were troubled.”
Before he knows it, they’re at their final destination for the night–the fantasy suite. Lisa looks to him, a question in her eyes, and Dean finds himself nodding, almost on accident, and then they share grins as she leads him inside. Dean swallows his nerves and follows.
“You sneaky bastard, what would you do without me?” Benny teases, a smirk coming to light up his weary features.
Damn, that smarts. Even more because Dean believed in big gestures, thinking they could just pack it up from where they’d left off, pick up and go. But it’s too late. He never should’ve come.
Dean finishes his prayer. The room is washed ocher by the glowing red sign outside; the navy blue bed sheets are a bloodied near-black. It’s an eyesore, dominating the senses, so Dean looks instead to the grey night sky alight with the light pollution and adorned with cotton balls clouds that have been disembodied by the atmosphere. Dean blows out his own cloud through the motel’s screen window to accompany them, courtesy of the Marlboro Black he has perched on his bottom lip with its filter going brown between his teeth. He made a bad choice with this pack, he muses, curling his tongue around the morgue flavor in his mouth. It’s not worth the familiar wheeze his lungs sing in protest, but he stains and burns his shaking fingers lighting one after another and putting them out in the sink, until the cigarettes bring about the migraine they were supposed to cure.
“Do you get what I’m saying?” Cas’s whisper shakes against Dean’s skin, his nose almost against Dean’s, never looking away, “I wasn’t jealous of you.”
Cas whines and curls his toes, knuckles paper-white from where they clutch to Dean’s shoulder and tangle in his hair, but Dean’s more surprised by his own desperation. He needs to taste and touch and swallow every inch of Cas, so he ignores the embarrassing squelch of his throat being forced wider and nuzzles the inside of Cas’s thigh with his nose. Dean’s hand skirts down to tend to his own aching but he gets distracted by Cas’s trembling hips, threatening to propel upwards into Dean’s mouth, so Dean plants his hands forcefully on Cas’s sides and pins him to the concrete.
“Benny, you dog.” Dean tries to grimace at him but it can’t overcome his smile, “That’s so gross, it’s Michael!”
The air below the earth seems colder, yet stuffy in contrast with the racing patterns of the wind outside, threatening Dean with the idea that one little slip could leave them buried underneath rubble with a rapidly waning air supply, doomed to never re-emerge. The unknown of stepping into barely-lit terrain in front of them along with the pitch-black curtain at their backs left Dean subconsciously keeping a little closer to Cas, feeling like unseen eyes were staring at them from the walls.
Surrounding Dean on all sides is nothing but inky blackness, so dark it hurts his eyes as he strains to try and see anything around him. The floor is a sickening, seemingly never-ending void that Dean thinks he could fall into forever yet he somehow rests atop. He turns around once more, and thinks he glimpses a flash of movement before he jolts awake, for real this time and with Bobby’s face looming above him.
Yeah, Dean knew his taste in music. And it was pretty awful. Besides knowing scantily few classical songs—and if you’re gonna listen to anything ‘classic’, why not make it rock?—Cas’s taste in music was practically non-existent.
Benny blinks, looking wildly around the room to see if any of the other contestants had seen what he’d seen, and relaxing when he realizes everyone is engrossed in the show. Cautiously, his eyes flit back towards Cas and Dean who are sitting inconspicuously as friends, if not a little close. Benny had sensed a bromance brewing, of course, but he didn’t know if it would go any farther. But, maybe they were just platonically holding hands? Maybe Cas’s hands had been plagued by a sudden frostbite and Dean was trying to save use of his fingers, or maybe Dean was secretly terrified of the show’s carnage and had to grip Cas to prevent himself from running screaming out of the room?
“Right. There’s hope for me yet.” She relaxes against the seat more than she had a moment ago, which Dean considers a job well done. She tips her head a bit, her tone earnest, “So, Dean, what do you do?”
Cas and Dean place third, each looking at each other with a meager, satisfied shrug to learn that, at the very least, they weren’t last place. It was a pretty good day, all together, especially as Dean overhears Michael and Lucifer get into it over their last-place standing.
They play for about an hour, at one point drawing an audience of the other guys who lounge around the pool and try to get some sun, and eventually retire when they all become too tired to keep score.
“The burger thing is good. Like, really good. And I’m sure music taste isn’t a deal-breaker.” Dean thinks Lisa might like someone who’s her polar opposite, “But, wait, you seriously don’t have a guilty pleasure food? A shitty, processed snack that you hate to love?”
“No, it’s more like–” and then he lies, “I want you in my car. Or, at my apartment. I want to take you to my favorite burger joint and drink beer, not champagne.”
And so the hope dies and Dean is left in a desolate kitchen with the resolve that his angel will never show. Dean thinks that’s the one countability of Castiel, his one true virtue. Not diligence or humility or kindness, but the immortal truth of leaving everyone behind. He left heaven, after all. He left all of his brothers and sisters, his old family, so he’ll likely leave this new one, too. Dean tries to make peace with the fact that Cas will forever abandon them, like the inevitability of leaves drifting away in the fall. Dean tells himself it’s an unchanging, unmoving fact set in stone.
But Dean’s pace doesn’t relent; he’s getting close now, though he doesn’t know what he’ll do when he arrives. He just knows that this is wrong, something needs to change, “Please!”
“I don’t know him very well, granted, but sometimes I wonder if he’s come to this show for the right reasons.” Dean says, and feels like he’s broached a line judging by the triumphant look that sprawls across the producer’s face.
Dean meets Benny’s gaze across the table, and Benny has one eyebrow cocked like he knows what was going through Dean’s head and suddenly Dean is stepping back, so abruptly that he almost drops the bottle as his arm knocks against Cas’s. He gives Cas a demonstrative shake of the cup that’s not as vigorous as he was intending and is left to hope that his resulting blush doesn’t end up on any cameras.
If not for the trees Dean could be convinced that this was just a more vibrant Earth, yet upon closer inspection of the sky he sees that by the sun, which he thought was setting based on the sky’s hazy, purplish pink hue, it's actually midday. Huh. Guess the name is quite literal.
Cas, Dean decides, is very predictable, because as much as spring is always dawn to summer, Castiel will never fail to be the demise of Dean Winchester. Dean aquaints his lips with a drink and tries to un-flounder his floundering thoughts, yet all he can think of is Cas’s haunting voice as he declared, ‘I love you’.  Whenever Dean thinks about it, and he’s been thinking about it a lot, he feels his stomach do a roller coaster drop and that’s so pathetic that Dean has to down the rest of his whiskey with gritted teeth. Cas couldn’t have meant it, Dean rationalizes, because it’s the only way to get his heart to settle.
Dean returns to him, a week later, with no sign of Cas. He looks everywhere,  rowing about like a lost, helpless animal of prey in the now seemingly threatening world. When he does find Cas, or rather, Cas finds him, he’s drinking away in the bar, deep in  a drink that might not be remotely alcoholic but has the placebo effect of taking the edge nonetheless.
When Cas starts nodding off in the pool Dean is hit with the very real fear of Cas drowning, so he leads them both to bed. Cas strips and is snoring within minutes, but Dean leaves a bottle of water and aspirin on his bedside table for Cas to find in the morning.
“Dean.” Cas interrupts him, and Dean listens, for the strained urgency in Cas’s voice predicts something severe, “No, Dean. I wasn’t jealous of you.”
I'm hyped to keep writing and finish this fic out for y'all, and the support I've received has really kept me going. Much love. xx
Cas digests this, looks at Dean like he’s imagining it and giving a little nod when he’s satisfied with the image, “A respectable occupation. Like a car engine, the human body is an organic machine. You should be proud, Dean.”
“Cas, buddy, we’re friggin’ screwed.” Dean claps him on the back and Cas (new nickname?) jumps at the touch, tilting his head at Dean like an inquisitive dog but Dean just smiles at him, looking like a maniac all over, before diving headfirst into the water and beginning the long swim to the finish line.
The magician props one arm up on the frame of the door like he alone supports it, and it makes him look tiny, like a toothpick being the Atlas to the Hoover dam, “I might know something…you willing to pay?”
Dean shakes his head, anger rearing up quick and bitter, “That’s—you’re supposed to be reassuring me right now, not talking me into quitting.”
The second rash decision of the night comes easier than the first. Dean leaps up, and is immediately met with the shouts of both security members, cautioning him to stay put. They’d expected him to go back through the mansion, if anything, and so the thirteen foot or so drop from the patio is completely unguarded and Dean makes his breakaway, but not before one security guard grabs him arm and he has to throw a punch to shake the offender off.
Dean doesn’t really have an argument to that, so he sinks back and with a cross of his arms says, “Well, doesn’t mean I have to be happy about it.”
“I think so.” He’s throaty and looks to be aching and exhausted, but there’s a playful edge there, too, one that Dean can’t resist smiling at.
Either Lucifer or Michael gets fed up with the delay, because suddenly the football is hitting Dean square across the face and it’s game on. Garth proves to be a slippery little guy, able to score several touchdowns with the help of Lucifer and Michael, who bully the offense into submission.
“Asleep.” Dean says immediately, because he’s just come from seeing Cas off to bed, but pauses, “Uh, I think.”
“I’m not against drinking, of course, but I’ve never done so in excess.” Cas uses his ankle to carefully flick water into Dean’s lap, coloring Dean’s shorts with tiny, dark blue spots that Dean is too preoccupied to fully notice.
Tonight’s events come crashing back down, Dean giving a shake of his head as he whispers blatantly, almost disgracing the hushed sanctity of the moment, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have been kissing Lisa like that—”
The cool of the water has begun to feel chilling, and Dean’s fingertips are pruned which is always a bust. He’s looking forward to taking a hot shower and lounging on the couch, preferably next to Cas so he can stave his boredom by bugging Cas to explain what he’s reading in those medical books he always carries around.
“It’s settled, then.” Benny says, already in route to the house, where he will announce they’re having a game.
Playing dumb doesn't appease Benny, who doesn't explain. Cas tries, sounding more genuine, "Dean's a sore loser, but not violently so."
“Not really.” Benny muses, looking over to Dean and back to the coffee table with a weird pause, “There’s probably bisexual guys here.”
Cas hesitates before answering, considering not just the act but the significance, before tilting his head the rest of the way as invitation, “Please.”
Benny could entertain a thousand outlandish explanations if he wanted to, but when the viewing party comes to a close and Dean and Cas stand up, stretching and stepping away from each other like they weren’t just holding hands, folding the blanket while hovering in each other’s spaces like two celestial bodies drawn into orbit but flung back just as quick, Benny thinks to himself, They’re so gone on each other.
He rushes out of the shower and performs the Olympic equivalent of speed-drying before tossing on clean underwear, and the frenetic moment causes him to lose most of the gusto from earlier. He decides to forego his other clothes and strolls out, still towel-drying his hair. Lisa has also dressed-down, and in any other moment Dean might find her downright delectable sprawled out on the bed.
“Can he live without a soul?” Asks Bobby, finally chiming in as the voice of reason in Dean’s relentless bargaining.
The pool is scarcely lit with tiny disc protrusions of light that cast eerie glowing circles of cyan that fail to negate the heavy, blackening waters they’re meant to combat. Dean has to surface for air, on account of his racing heart, as he’s plagued with the fear that he’s inadvertently caused the first death in the history of the Bachelorette. Yet upon sinking into the waters once more he’s rewarded by finding purchase on Cas’s shoulder, and as he blinks uncomfortably he makes out that Cas is placidly sitting on the bottom of the fucking pool.
“Me, too.” Her answering smile is dazzling, a little flushed at its edges from being kissed, “I can be myself around you.”
“It’s called a kayak.” Castiel informs him aloofly, and Dean is no longer intrigued by but might actually hate him, especially as Castiel neglects to move.
It’s all they need to completely topsize them. Dean’s anger burns hot and Castiel’s anger is iced to the core, but the tan, turbid waters that rinse over their vision and dunk over their heads is lukewarm, and it brings them back to a level playing field. Luckily, it’s not deep, and after the initial shock of water shooting up his nose and running down the back of his throat he’s able to stand up and start getting air back into his lungs, even if his tongue reeks all over of salt and mud.
Dean is skimming the pages of a book about different curses late one evening while a storm rages outside, and he falls asleep with the book still open on his chest. His sleep is fitful, tossing and turning as the worries of the day make it into his sleeping mind. At a clap of thunder he wakes, or maybe his subconscious knows, because as he blinks open his eyes he’s alarmed to see a dark figure cutting a silhouette through the flash of  lightning outside his window.  He scrambles for his gun, aiming and about to shoot until he’s interrupted by a stern voice, urging him to stillness.
Lisa listens with sympathy and talks about her own father. She spends a lot of the meal talking about her son, Ben, too. Dean enjoys hearing about him and discovers he’s got a lot in common with Ben, so while the prospect of being a father might dissuade him at first, he’s surprisingly come around to it.
Dean begins preparing the last drink, the ‘White Rabbit’, which involves espresso and several sweet-sounding ingredients that Dean adds hastily, maybe going a little heavy-handed on the butterscotch liqueur as he watches Cas to make sure he’s finishing up things alright.
“He’s in prison. Rightfully so.” Cas’s expression is distant; he’s not in the pool with Dean at all, “He’s a teacher. Was a teacher. Gabriel and Balthazaar were the same age as my mom. She’s got Anna now, seventeen. Doesn’t know Anna’s met me, wants nothing to do with me.”
“Maybe I could use a friend around here.” Dean ventures, boldly. But he’s decided that Cas is wired less tight than in the night of the first rose ceremony.
He finds his mind wandering in that unfocused way, where he doesn’t realize he’s thinking about something until he notices himself getting hard, and then he slams on the brakes as he realizes that thing he’s thinking about is Cas.
“That’s a little difficult.” Cas admits, “The magic hails from a different realm. Humans of the past have called it the Twilight Realm.”
After exhausting his last lead—an old lady with dreadful grey skin that reported someone who “met your friend’s description” had made a purchase in her flower shop, yet who later informed Dean that she was blind—Dean found himself at the gated entrance into the town where, despite his better senses, he sat down in the dust and tipped his head between his hands.
Dean sprints for his life alongside Cas, who must’ve been a runner in his past life for how easily he keeps pace in flee of the crazed pigs, who thunder behind them like a stampede of screaming whistles. When Dean feels his lungs will fail him he veers for an opening into what looks like a cave sheltered between two large rocks, and he pulls Cas alongside him before collapsing into the cool shadows, exhausted. He holds his breath as the pigs rush past the opening of the cave and further down the mountain, and then Dean pants for recovery.
Benny stares, dejected but not surprised, when Dean suddenly lifts the edge of their blanket, adjusting it. It’s only for a second, but Benny feels like a voyeur because that second is long enough to see that Cas’s hand is resting on Dean’s lap, intertwined with Dean’s own.
A four of clubs is next, which doesn’t help Dean except he bets high anyways, gauging the reaction. Cas extends a hand out and smoothly places his chips in the center, slinking like a cat trying not to draw attention to itself as he raises, by just a bit higher than last time. Dean thinks he’s figured Cas out: he’s trying to bluff Dean, playing like he has a good hand and is trying to not scare Dean off while reeling in the money, hoping that Dean will think he has a good hand and fold, leaving him the riches. Dean tosses in his own chips feebly, like he’s reluctant to do so, hoping Cas will take that as a sign that his plan is working.
“I—” Cas hesitates, setting off screaming sirens in Dean’s head. Cas scrutinizes his surroundings, like he’s scouting for hidden microphones, before speaking, “I may have more uncertainties than before. I enjoy Lisa’s company, but this evening felt a bit platonic.”
While not a direct hit, the fire bursts around them and casts half of the room in flames and Dean can feel the heat of them scorching at his eyebrows. They duck under the next assault of fire and dive towards the exit, into the tunnel that delivered them here. For the second time today they run, hoping the twists and turns in the tunnel can protect them from the lich’s line of fire, because if he can see them they become fish in a barrel.
And suddenly the real nurse is blinking, looking at them strangely like she can’t quite remember how she got there, before her pager goes off and she’s distracted.
Cas sounds like he means it. Dean knows he means it. And Dean is furious, standing up as he shouts, “I’m not leaving the show, that’s outrageous!”
“I didn’t want to give you false hope.” Cas swallows hard, looking up, “There exists a people that deal intimately with soul magic. I’m unfamiliar with it, and I don’t know if souls can be healed, really—”
Cas looks bleak as he stares at the side of the room, not willing to meet any of their eyes, and there’s a certain bitterness to his tongue as he utters, “Lucifer’s possession left a mark on your soul, his residual grace is fighting inside of you.”
A taller, bulkier fae with glowing white eyes approaches as Lord Berengerus puts a possessive hand to the small of Caleb’s back and leads him away, and all Dean is able to do it rattle off, “Ah, excellent.”
Dean would like to say he doesn’t play out the scenes of the fantasy suite, but he chews over the possibility of Cas saying yes. Dean had a hand in that, half-swiping Cas’s card so that he’d probably have no hang-ups to fully cashing out. Dean adds that to the surmounting list labeled “Why Things With Cas Are a Mistake.”
Dean looked up to the man, who had boyish features and docile eyes, which instantly struck Dean as familiar, yet the man approached Dean like a stranger, clutching an envelope in his hand, “This is for you.”
“Can you stop paddling on the left side of the boat?” Dean is brusque, his temper having gone to boil and steamed out the top of the kettle long ago, and he takes frantic spoonfuls of water with his oar on the right side.
Dean tries  to block out the images of this bloodied bathroom floor from searing into his memory, “Please don’t leave me like this, Cas. C’mon, I’d just forgiven you.”
“What are you doing to him?” Dean barks, his concern for his brother overshadowing the former trust in his ally and friend.
Dean wrinkles his nose, crossing over to the table where Cas holds his mess and, recovering the bowl from earlier, makes a fresh cut in his palm that he squeezes into the bowl while trying to resist making a face at it. Cas accepts this without thanks and combines it with one of the two preparations he’s been working on for the better part of an hour.
They curl close together on the bed, Dean’s head perched above Lisa’s as he stares at the wall opposite of him. Dean supposes it’s the unfamiliarity of the room that keeps him awake.
Dean rolls to a sitting position, disgusted with the angel that he had, for a time, cared about, “Sammy was dead! My brother had died, Cas! And I thought you were dead—Even now, I don’t know what’s going on. Sam’s sick, and we don’t know what brought him up, and—”
Dean’s head swims as he makes his way back to his motel room, the flare of his temper making his hands itch into fists, and he curls and stretches them in unison to ebb the emotion. A roll of masking tape is on his wrist like a bracelet, and he stops short outside of his room, trying to figure out how to tape the outside of his door, when he unexpectedly runs into Benny. Benny’s in a pair of flannel pajama pants and a baggy t-shirt, looking like he was just roused from sleep with a yawn plastered across his face.
Cas either fails to hear Dean or simply ignores him, and with Cas’s excellent hearing it's  definitely the latter, for he simply starts the descension into the cave, leaving Dean to either sulk alone in darkness at the mouth of the cave or follow Cas—and the torch—into its depths. Luckily, Dean’s cowardice is in short supply.
“Oh.” Dean tries to sound dejected for him, but there’s an unexpected note of relief that bleeds through his tone that he hastily swallows back, “Sorry.”
He hopes Cas cheats every time they play, especially when Cas grabs him by the collar and yanks him further into the kiss. Dean likes the feeling, likes when Cas can best him like he knows Dean inside and out.
“Cas’s been awol since everything. I tried, y’know, getting in touch with him.” Dean tells him, then after a moment tags on forlornly, “I think he’s dead.”
The Dean skeleton jabs at Dean’s right side and he uses the book to wack it out of the skeleton’s hand, pleased when the entire hand comes off. Cas, meanwhile, has managed to get his skeleton off of him but is trying to use his angel blade to somehow wound the skeleton. Dean, figuring there are far too many gaps to hit the skeleton with a knife, does the extraordinarily stupid by grabbing his assailant’s femur bone and yanking, hoping for the best.
fact if I told you.” Cas says dryly, sarcasm hitting every note. On second thought, he adds, “You can guess, though.”
Cas thinks this question over, too, “Well, you’ve never met my brothers, of course, but I think they’d you better than they like me, if I’m being honest.”
“What? He’s alright, besides his personality.” Benny defends his position, looking up with both his eyebrows raised like he’s challenging Dean to a counterpoint.
“I know, I know.” Dean sighs, already feeling bad for what he said. But, there’s a truth there. This is just a shitty dating show where he barely knows the other contestants, including Cas. And what’s done is done. He can’t just leave, even if a small part of him wants to.
“What do you mean, then?” Dean said with a mild snarl, meaning for it to come out as clever and biting but it sounded almost nonsensical to his own ears.
Dean perches on the edge of his own bed, across from Cas, sighing at him, “Don’t be so down. Lisa likes you, too.”
He can’t look. There sounds a nearly inaudible gasp, hushed under the hungry cameras, and Dean steels himself before dragging his gaze up and into Cassie’s eyes. He can’t fathom looking away. For a second, they both forget the cameras. Her eyebrows start knitting together with pain or confusion or longing or all of them at once. He almost breathes her name, it catches on his tongue like a worn key fitting into a new lock but he swallows it into silence.
Right now, Benny sits at the edge of a three-seater with his companions, Garth and Kevin. They’re nice guys, if not a little geeky, and despite his better intentions he spends most of his free time hanging out with them. He wanted his best friends to be Cas and Dean, they were more Benny’s speed, but sometimes they were intolerable. Benny tried and failed to not feel like a third wheel, but Cas and Dean were inseparable, damned near telepathic.
Dean creeps up the staircase and into the second floor of the house, on high-alert for any guest or Lord Berengerus himself, creeping out from one of the twisting hallways or trapdoors that seemed to be built into all the buildings in this realm. He hurries, his heart hammering against the walls of his chest as he peered into each empty room and feared he was too late to save Cas, who he knows must be here like a sixth-sense. It’s strange, that certainty, far greater than any hunter’s instinct, and it speaks to the profound bond between them.
“I was fighting a war!” Cas defends, himself standing if only to shout in Dean’s face. Dean has never seen Cas this animated, his voice breaking as he pleads, “I didn’t want to ignore your prayers, Dean. I didn’t—”
The whole world stopped for Cas and Dean as they kissed: the cameras, the contestants, all of it melting into streaks like rain on car windows, like a velvet nothingness. Dean entangled himself into Cas’s coat, crushing forward, his heart singing as he breathed in Cas and felt his warmth curl around them. Cas, startled at the premise, sank into the kiss, using his leverage to yank Dean forward.
“I’ve been zip lining before.” He explains, giving them all a reassuring smile, “It feels like flying.”
“Tell me about yourself.” He demands, trying to mimic the intensity of Cas’s stare with cartoonish exaggeration.
“I’d still marry Lisa.” Benny says, “But I think I’d fuck Michael. I always love a good hate-fucking.”
Cas looks up to Dean’s eyes but he’s somewhere else, somewhere dreamy where the morning sun settles like dopey honey across his features, “I hope so, too.”
Dean studies his exact replica, resting peacefully on the frayed, eyesore-yellow bed sheets, and thinks that he’s never looked this good the countless times he’s died. Though it’s not technically a corpse and yet a hyper-realistic doll made from a little bit of blood Cas had taken from him earlier in order to harvest his “lifeforce,” something Cas had assured him he “wouldn’t miss.” It looked like it could leap from the bed at any moment and, knowing Dean’s luck, attack him, but Cas told him he didn’t know of any cases regarding people’s golems being aggressive towards their maker.
The next morning Dean saunters down to the kitchen and plops himself at the table in front of Cas. They’re not friends, yet, so it’s a sign of good faith when Dean flashes him an unusually cheery smile as way of greeting. Cas takes the bait, is decent enough to look bemused as he tucks his steaming mug of coffee a little closer to himself and alternates between looking up at Dean and staring into its bitter depths.
“No, I know what you’re talking about, I just—” Dean realizes he doesn’t have a good excuse for not wanting to play, besides feeling a bit juvenile, so he sighs, “Alright, let’s play. I’ll go first...Kate Winslet. Natalie Portman. And, uh...Angelina Jolie.”
Cas interrupts by tugging on Dean a little, himself leaning in as to whisper low in Dean’s ear, “It’s okay, I think I can determine what type of spell we’re performing and we’ll stop if he’s being dishonest.”
Dean watches them walk off, nervousness bubbling in his stomach though he can’t determine the cause, until he’s interrupted with Micheal snapping fingers in-front of his face.
The next couple of hours are torture, frankly. Dean mingles with the other contestants, more out of curiosity and an obligation to the show’s contract than anything else. There’s the faux loverboys, the white-collars, and a heaping dose of personalities so mind-numbingly boring Dean couldn’t pick them out of a line-up. The names of only a couple guys stick. Like Kevin, a nerdy asian guy who looks young enough to be in highschool but seems nice enough. Or a scrawny fella named Garth who’s either stoned out of his mind or suffers from being too friendly, and who Dean tries to avoid for the rest of the evening. And there’s Micheal and Lucifer, both grade-A douchebags just cut from different cloths. Luckily, they hate each other right off the bat.
“Well, you could’ve warned—” Dean cuts himself off as his vision begins to warp in front of his eyes, swimming for a moment between two worlds, when suddenly he finds himself jerking awake in a room of total darkness.
Dean stares out to the motel sign, its green light announcing vacancy, as he fills up a glass with water from the sink’s tap. At times like these he might be tempted to smoke, but there’s something so much more addicting about the smooth slide of arms around his waist and tiny exhale of breath against his neck. It’s been a couple months since the whole Twilight Forest ordeal, but he still sometimes finds it hard to fall asleep. Cas has been doing a good job of wearing him out, though.
Dean’s heart sinks to the floor and he floods with adrenaline, his breath coming quicker. What gave it away? He stops himself mid-spiral, forcing himself to breathe normally and meet Micheal’s eyes. He realizes Micheal was probably joking, even though doubt lodges somewhere deep in his chest.
Aw, shit. Well, it was only a matter of time of them getting caught if they were being so flippant about it. Dean guesses he’s thankful that it’s over then, except for something twisting sharp and rusty right into the depths of his heart.
Cas gives him the side eye, displeased with his choice in metaphor, but it doesn’t last long and his eyes flit away like they were nervous to look in the first place. His eyes fall to his lap and he slouches a bit, “I don’t know if I remember how.”
“I guess I underestimated some of their angelic wardings.” Cas’s face reveals nothing as he stands, Dean’s hands awkwardly hovering, “It seems I’m more...moral.”
He supposes he’s finally ordered his break of good luck, and he gets it in the form of the security guards being called off and the limo coming to a stop right outside of the house, though a film crew pounces on the opportunity and set up their cameras to greet Dean as he runs up on them.
Dean doesn’t have time to think of something before Benny is speaking, sounding more enthusiastic than he has all evening, “Let’s play FMK.”
“So, Castiel, I was reading an article the other day about spinal anesthesia in infants…” Alfie starts, and Dean remembers that he’s studying to become a nurse, but Dean’s more interested in the fact that Alfie watches closely as Cas raises by a red chip.
Dean snorts, pointing to first the skeleton wearing a tan jacket with a book sprawled in its lap and then to the one clutching desperately to a glass similar to those in the bar, “Look, that one’s you and this one’s me.”
They tell Dean it’s time, and it’s more of a warning than encouragement. He allows himself the one nervous tick of adjusting his tie before he steps from the car, his breath making a home of his throat instead of his lungs. Cassie doesn’t know he’s here. She could yell, kick him off the show on the spot and yet he’s tumbling into view anyways, not ready to embrace what she’ll offer him.
Entangled, naked, and achingly hard, Cas decides for him. He grabs Dean’s hips and presses a kiss right underneath Dean’s ear, confessing in a blistering whisper, “I want you.”
Three of spades. Dean barely registered it before his eyes fly to Cas’s face, desperate for a hint in his demeanor. Yet it seems Cas has had the same idea, because their eyes meet in a brawl of hazel green and cerulean blue and they glare at each other across the table, pressed lips unspeaking. Cas is unreadable to him, and yet Dean has to make the first move.
“Good to know.” Dean says tartly as he quickly fills up a glass of water from the sink and throws it back in just as much time.
Dean moves a little, scooting closer to Cas on the couch without realizing that’s what he’s doing, but once he’s there he decides he likes it. The couch cushions dip under their combined weight, sending their shoulders and elbows to bump each other like at a slumber party. But it’s pleasant being close to Cas, an intimacy only shared by good friends.
“They were the last family.” Cas informs him, studying the list that the bartender had made up before they’d started on their quest.
It’s a weird gesture, sure, not typical of Dean, but Dean loves putting that look on Cas’s face. The one where his features melt into a sort of appreciative awe, desire still haunting his peering eyes, and then turns less appreciative as Dean ghosts over his spent skin and Cas almost complains about the sensation, but Dean is gentle enough he’s able to relax under the touch. Once satisfied, Dean encourages Cas to slip back into the pool with him despite Cas’s protests about it being unsanitary. The chlorine freshens up their salted skin as Dean pulls Cas, wobbly-kneed and exhausted, into a lazy hold. He happens to bump Dean’s shrinking problem.
Several hours later, Dean is drunk at the rose ceremony. It’s not his best call, he’ll admit, but at least he’s already got the date rose, and he can be passable for tipsy if not for his awful decision-making skills. Those skills leading him to half-fall into Lisa’s lap as the cameras focus on his flushed, dopey face. Strategically, he’s got no reason to be here, but he’s trying to make a point to anybody watching of how much he likes Lisa.
, for God’s sake—as they take turns gossiping nervously amongst themselves, everyone a phony. Dean pointedly ignores their attempts to start a conversation in favor of nurturing his growing sense of claustrophobia in a solemn, repressed silence.
Cas agrees with them. He doesn’t wait for the hospital staff to clear before he crosses the room and, grabbing Dean’s jaw with a gentle grasp, presses his lips to Dean’s. The heart-rate monitor jumps up again, and Cas smiles into his mouth.
“I’m a high-ranking magician of the Order of the Serpent!” The magician protests, coming out of his house to follow Cas and Dean as they leave, Dean pulling Cas along with a firm hand to his shoulder. “We have traditions passed on from the lich himself!”
Though some of them were infuriating, Dean had been pleasantly surprised by the contestants on the show and the friendships he’d made. Spend enough time trapped in a house with people and you sort of expected them in your life, a familiar routine. The contestants felt like their own little family, albeit somewhat estranged, so when Kevin, Garth, and Andy were eliminated at the end of week six it was a loss felt by all. The two dorks had always brought a little joy to everyone’s day, even grumpy Micheal, and Andy’s refusal to get into drama had garnered him a lot of respect.
Cas grabs at Dean’s arms in an attempt to still him but despite his strong grip finds no purchase, being lifted to his feet where he screws up his face like he’s in pain, “Oh, fuck...you. Fuck you all, mmh...for giving me drinks. This s-sucks.”
There is a heavy silence in the room and with this Dean knows that everything has changed. The sight of Cas, tear-eyed through his anger makes Dean unbearably tired of them beating eachother up. Instead, he becomes so  mesmerized by how the
They’re informed of the nearest burger joint courtesy of the producers, and it’s a brief walk away and then they’re getting a table and ordering drinks as the cameramen set up. Lisa orders a beer, causing Dean to smile in approval, and puts in an order for pretzel sticks. Over dinner Dean talks to her about how his dad gave him his first beer when he was fifteen, which prompts a subsequent discussion of Dean’s dad, John, and his parental friend Bobby, who practically adopted Sam and Dean whenever their dad footed the bill.
“Dean, go!” Cas bellows, shoving him towards the staircase just as a book goes flying above his head.
Dean is showered and changed and hopping into his own bed faster than Cas can scrounge up a bookmark, instead dog-earring his crumpled book and setting it on the nightstand between his and Dean’s bed. Dean muses about how lucky he was that Cas was assigned the bed next to him, but can’t too contemplative as Cas is asking for more details about his date.
Then someone coughs and, remembering where they are, they break apart for fear of being caught. A surreal moment passes where Dean stares at Cas’s mussed hair and pining, vanquished lips with the only accompaniment the roaring of their hearts and Dean, in spite of everything, yawns.
They’re sent to the rose-ceremony room to wait while the numbers are tallied. Dean admits that it, too, like the rest of the house has an elegant beauty that is unphased even in the horrendous lights of the crew. Vines curl flirtatiously at the windows, open to the world outside of them, and the scratched sand-stone bricks have ragged edges that hold the mysteries of years of use. Then, the host, Crowley, enters and the contestants preen up, bated breaths lodged like lumps of clay to their throats, and without too much deliberation the next Bachelorette is announced.
They begin to climb into the rockier, more dangerous ledges of the mountainside and Dean feels himself becoming dizzy with the altitude. Growing at this height are plants Dean has never seen, such as flowers that open and close like they’re respiring and strange, silver ferns that form big loops reminiscent of a stretch of barbed wire. Turning the corner, they’re met with the most baffling sight of all: muscular, angry-looking hogs with underbites so severe their entire row of teeth hangs out of their mouth fit with gleaming, ferocious tusks. As soon as they’re spotted, the hogs rush them, squealing as they make their attack.
“Really?” Dean asks, and come to think of it, he hasn’t had a good burger in some time, either. He could always make some at the house, but food is always better in the right company.
Dean is beginning to sag in his bindings, his skin breaking out into sweat as paralysis sets in his limbs. His heart beats out of his chest as Berengerus shoves a hand between Dean’s legs, forcing them to spread as he begins to unfasten Dean’s pants.
Dean leaves them to their conversation, needing to get back to work lest he be a bad partner, and eventually Lisa moves on to the other contestants’ tables. Dean realized some time ago that he doesn’t get to speak to Lisa much on group dates, but just knows that she’ll be watching from afar to determine who she likes best, so he tries his best to have fun. Even in a competition like this, he’s happy to clown around with his friends while making drinks for a few hours even though it might not be the best tactical strategy in the long-run. Dean just hates suck-ups like Micheal who will interrupt everything just to make a passing comment to her, like having a couple extra seconds of contact will win over Lisa’s heart.
Dean watches Benny climb up the stairs leading to the bedrooms and Dean watches him go, still boggled at their conversation. And though Dean isn’t aware of it, a part of him whispers a tiny, fleeting ‘thank you’ to Benny’s receding figure.
“Ugh...well, you know who I have to kill. And for the others…” Dean pauses, frowning as he thinks it over, “Damn, you really want me to fuck Cas, huh? Because I’d want to marry Lisa, of course.”
Dean wants to stand up off the couch, stupid as that would be. He’s pretty sure punching another contestant is a sure way to get kicked off the show.
Cas looks to Dean and sees his concerned expression, and bizarrely Cas smiles at him, “‘It’s okay. ‘M not complainin’. But I dunno how to talk about it on television without sounding odd.”
“What was that, Dean?” Michael says with a scowl on his face, looking at Dean like a bug to acquaint with the rubber soles of his shoes. Everybody in the room shuts their mouths, steeped into silence.
Then he speaks to Cassie. He’s miserable with his love, his heart trips itself headfirst into asphalt, his palms catching at the scratchy fabric of his pants as he crosses towards her. Her shoulders bob up and down on a great big breath, spitting out turned air.
There’s another question there, of course, but Dean doesn’t feel embarrassed when he answers. Not like he did with Cas, “Yeah, Benny, I did.”
“Me?” He raises his eyebrows playfully, still smiling. He’s been smiling the whole damn time, “I’m fine. Are they treating you alright?”
In the morning Dean wakes up late, rubbing fists into his bleary-eyed hangover as he tries to remember where he is. When he does, he wants to floop back down into bed and sleep through it all. He peeks at a bed-headed Castiel in the bed adjacent to him as well as Lucifer at the far end of the room, and wedged between the two is one of the guys whose name starts with an ‘A’. An Alfie or Andy, or something. Seeing other people only makes Dean feel worse instead of better, so he rolls over and faces the wall.
“Yeah, she’s pretty hot, huh?” Another guy ventures, taking a toothpick to the thick whale blubber that is the tension in the room.
Cas had gotten around to telling Dean much more about his brothers, over the past couple weeks, and Dean told Cas all about Sammy. He felt like they all already knew each other, at least in theory.
“C’mon, brother. You both need to cool down.” Benny sets a hand on Michael's shoulder, which he shoves off aggressively.
“But you also like Cas.” Benny counters, not in a mean way but with a gentle, almost playful lift of his eyebrows and a half-smile that he seems hesitant to even put on his face, in case Dean gets the wrong message.
A whiff of fresh air is just the thing he needs to settle his nerves, he thinks, and manages to make it out of the hotel lobby without incident and then he’s free to explore the balmy night. He sticks to a radius outside of the hotels that allows him plenty of nighttime sight-seeing without straying too far, and he’s crossing by the second hotel’s pool when a voice startles him into clenching his fists.
It was true, anyways. Cas’s confession was for Dean, and everybody knew it. Especially Sam, who’s mouth mirrored a door on a busy day with the amount of times he opened and closed it during the resulting car ride, each time looking like he had something uncomfortable to say and each time being met with a half-glare from Dean, effectively silencing him. Dean’s mesmerized by his whiskey glass, slowly lamenting condensation against the hardwood table and giving him something to think about other than the fact that he and Castiel are talking about feelings.
That’s funny. In all the ‘coincidences’ it took to get him there, he hadn’t needed to change his name.
Dean stares at the mirror, looking at himself and the angel reflected back, but trying to imagine the strange, fantastical world that he’ll shortly be visiting. It seems like a fantasy, despite Cas’s convictions that it’s real. Perhaps it’s a case of seeing, then believing.
“It’s damned good to see you.” Dean bends over and gives him a stiff hug, careful not to hurt him, and retreats after a couple pats to Sam’s shoulder.
At this, Dean lunges forward. But he finds himself unable to move; it feels like something has wrapped itself around his midsection and refuses to let go, and as he looks down to see his hindrance he’s shocked to find shining silver threads of grace holding him to his place. Their glow must only be visible to Dean, who still flails to get closer to Cas, to save him as he bleeds into the water.
soooo.... i left the spn fandom for awhile. I have never been so wrong. please accept my apologies :0 with cas's confession and a new episode airing tonight,,, i don't know what i was thinking. i love these 2 so much.
And then with this realization Dean is shoving the information away far, far away and putting up his protective walls once more because Dean cannot even dare to dream of what he so desperately wants between them. He concludes that Castiel must be mistaken, for only in poppy-dreams and liquored trips has he thought over relationship in such a way that it would appear to Dean, in his altered state of mind, that Castiel was very much attracted to him in that way. A terminal, awe-filled glance is thrown towards Castiel and then anger pulls Dean up out of the churning, dark waters of the unknown.
“We’ll see.” Dean frowns at the next question, “Favorite color? C’mon, who even cares about stuff like that?”
Dean's expression softens and, despite all of his instincts, Dean reaches up to catch one one shining droplet from Cas’s face. Cas looks up to Dean's eyes and his face immediately relaxes into a sad type of relief because he knows he's forgiven.
“Hmm…” Cas mulls over this information, then he’s flashing his eyes to Dean and his gaze is equal parts captivating and intense, “What’s your ‘deal’, Dean?”
He’s given a late lunch and then endures a very long, very boring car ride to a new hotel that’s less local and closer to the airport so that the contestants can catch a plane ride as soon as they wrap up the last of the overnights. The hotel–and it’s sister, both enclosed by separate gates yet sharing the same parking lot–is more run-down but also more of an American tourist trap than the last, so Dean almost feels at home.
The fantasy suite date is something that the guys have been gossiping about for weeks, ever since it became a real possibility in their minds that one of them was going home with a marriage proposal. And while most buzz with excitement at the opportunity for alone time with Lisa–sexual or otherwise–Dean and Cas have a shared, unspoken apprehension. Cas, at least, has an excuse for taking things slow since he’s one of the two virgins on the show, but Dean has always played at being a ladies man and he doesn’t want that reputation laid to waste. Not in the heat of competition.
Cas sighs, relieved that, at the very least, Benny hadn’t died from his grief and that Cas wouldn’t have to have a hands-on refresher of his training in med-school, “Thank you, Dean.”
“Sit, I need to assess you.” Cas bosses, controlling Sam like some sort of stringless puppet, placing him on the bed even as Sam gives out an indignant little huff at his lack of control.
“Yes, but he won’t be your Sam.” Cas looks defeated, almost guilty as he delivers this news, “It’s not something I would recommend.”
But before Dean can do or say anything else, the door begins to creak open and with the last of his strength Cas shoves Dean towards the adjoined closet and whispers out a frantic, “Hide!” before shoving the IV back into his own arm and his head falls once more.
Dean begins to pour another drink, for Cas or himself he’s unsure, but Cas waves him off, “N-no. ‘M gonna be sick.”
When they’re ready, Dagon gives a signal and everyone gets to work, a high-strung focus that makes Dean’s skin prickle like he’s an off-tune key waiting to be played at a recital, and speaks, “Dean, do you get along with the guys at the mansion?”
Dean draws a hand across the stubble on his face, trying to figure out what to say. Cas’s motivations were odd, but incredibly sincere. It was respectable. He settles for vague, “I hope you get what you came for.”
“I want Dean on our team.” Lucifer barks, and if it were any other person Dean might feel flattered.
If Dean doesn’t win, it will be the first time in a long time that he’s been truly alone, no chasing Cassie or having the girl of the month (or even week) keeping him company. And he might be nursing two heartaches instead of one, this time.
Dean thumbs over his lips, “Not Bayard. His wife Miriam said that they’d just found out she’s pregnant. He was stoked.”
“Why I’m here?” Cas echoes, confusion entering his face and making his eyebrows pinch tight in that way that makes Dean feel he’s being studied like an abnormal lab rat.
“Leave him out of it. Nobody wants any trouble but you.” Dean tries not to get worked up, knowing that there’s cameras watching, but a little bile leaks into his voice anyways.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas says with a conviction that suggests if Dean asked him to hide a body he’d merely sweep his eyes over Dean once, as pause, before suggesting the best burial places.
“No,” Dean’s eyes fall back to where they’d ached to ever leave, Cas’s piercing gaze holding him steadfast, “I don’t know if I can fall in love with her.”
“No, I—” Dean groans, clutching his face in his hands against the sunlight streaming through his window. He realizes it's best if he doesn’t say. Surely Cas will retreat, coming back to the human world until Dean can rejoin him. He just hates that they were interrupted.
Baely offers, and Dean accepts, his fingers curling around the cooled glass protectively. Dean desperately needs to drink it, but in the muddled haze of his mind he knows it's a trap. IIt takes everything in his willpower to not uncap the bottle and drink gluttonously, instead looking to Baely before smashing the bottle over his unsuspecting head.
He jabs his spoon dejectedly into the mixing bowl, the pizza dough bearing the brunt of his frustration. It’s a momentary distraction, so he almost jumps when he feels hands sweeping down his front, grabbing at the spoon and trying to wrestle it away.
“C’mon, Cas, you just got here—” Sam starts, and then hisses as Cas preses a hand against his stomach. Sam curls backwards on instinct, head falling just short of his pillows, as his jaw clenches against Cas’s intrusion.
“Yes.” Cas deadpans, his eyes narrowing a fraction as his chin gets a little snuger to his chest, meeting the bartender’s eyes determinedly.
Dean raises his hand to his mouth, slowly, and Cas stills as he watches Dean’s tongue slide out to clean up the spillage, leaving his fingertips glistening. Then Dean sinks, the water coming up to just below his chest, and Cas is met with curious lips and a nerve-heavy tongue tasting the intimate bits of his skin. Cas is slippery softness in his mouth, warm and heavy against the curve of his tongue as Dean slides down and up, pooling wetness dribbling out over Cas’s skin. Initially he tastes chlorine cloying his taste buds, but he sucks it away and it’s replaced by a tasteless cleanness, with the barest whisper of salt.
“Yes, a reward.” She pauses, considering with a little tilt of her head. Then she grins, “There. Enjoy.”
“Are you ready?” Cas asks, and Dean nods causing him to continue, “Now, we visit the Twilight Realm.”
The morning brings the strangest walk of shame–if you can even call it that–that Dean has ever experienced. They’re allowed to sleep in till nine (a small mercy, Dean still gets about five hours of sleep a night) before they’re roused by the producers. They have a few minutes to say goodbyes and Dean is too shy to kiss Lisa because of morning-breath so he instead hugs her, then they’re separated and ushered off to get on with the day. But before Dean can even get breakfast he’s hit with an embarrassing, oddly-personal string of questions about last night’s activities, cut short only by the fact that there were none.
“This could be the lich’s hideout.” Cas announces, peering into the dark maw that the floor sloped towards.
Dean's mouth felt dry in the atypically hot evening, twitching to check a watch he didn’t wear for some measure of the time. He’d been in the Twilight Realm for the better part of the day, canvassing the locals for some hint about Cas’s location. They’d be infuriatingly blase about Cas’s missing person status, attributing it to another traveler moving on from their dreary town or just another tragedy in the string of disappearances plaguing the people.
Baely materializes from his pocket a glistening bottle of golden liquid, like shining honey, that has an instant effect as Dean stares into its swirling mystique, his mouth watering and his mind screaming to reach out and touch. He knows in that moment if he drinks it, then all of his troubles will be solved. Sammy will be cured, Cas will come back home, and Dean will be happy for the rest of his life.
“I wouldn’t suggest dying, though. There’s no guarantee you’d be able to make another golem, and I might get stuck there…”
“Hm, sorry.” Benny says, not sounding apologetic, “I just don’t know many celebrities off the top of my head.”
Cas scoots closer to the edge of the bed, digging his elbows in until the side of the mattress is curving towards the floor. Unphased, he props his head on his hands and straightens his legs out on the bed behind him, “I suppose you can’t enlighten me.”
“I am!” Dean barks back, demonstrating by accidentally jabbing his oar into the log that he was worried about just moments before. It sure snuck up fast. With a thwack, the kayak peters to the left at the same time Dean leans right, overcorrecting and sending their kayak jumping up and down on the swirling waters near the bank.
That isn’t stopping him from smiling down at his kid brother, waiting for him to wake. He can’t believe it. Sam. Alive. It’s unbelievable. Dean’s half-sure that any moment now he’ll be jolted awake from a liquor-induced dream, condemned to thrash through life like a flat tire, thumping his head on asphalt round and around again. So for whatever’s coming, he’s immensely grateful that his brother is truly home.
“Challenging.” Cas finishes, splaying his fingers across the water, “Not atro-shious… not perfect either.”
“You didn’t read the manuscript I gave you?” Cas questions instead of answering. Dean recalls that earlier in the day Cas had delivered him a thick, yellowing stack of papers titled,
“We learned a whole lot of nothing, if you ask me.” Dean says, kicking at the dirt outside of her house as they walk away, towards nothing.
He paces for a moment, feeling antsy, and would like nothing more than to be taking something apart for reassembly. To occupy his hands, he gets a piece of paper and pen and starts to doodle. A circle becomes the wheel of a car, and another becomes a creepy-looking eye peering out at him between the cyan lines. Dean doesn’t consider himself an artist and his drawings are nothing fancy, leaving his mind free to think about who he’d really like to speak to: Charlie.
His one-word response makes Dean laugh, shaking off the little saplings of doubt in his mind as easily as a dog shakes its coat from rain, “So, are you a fan of Zeppelin now or what?”
“Of course.” Dean nods, understanding, “And all this time I’ve been getting to know about what a great mother you are. It’s impressive.”
Bobby wrinkles his nose in the direction of the mug, “I’m not gonna pretend I can talk you out of doing something stupid, but you be careful, alright?”
Cas drinks, and drinks, and keeps drinking at the insistence of the other men. A half-hour and it’s become a bit of a spectacle, the guys watching as Cas’s face blooms, a cherry tree, and he slumps into the back of the couch. Dean indulges himself, just enough to feel warmth in his chest and let easiness soak into the meat of him.
“Okay, fine.” Dean gives up his share of that territory, moving on to better guard his remaining turf. He looks away, this whole heart-to-heart in the middle of a shitty hotel hallway that looks the same as any shitty hotel hallway except that Dean’s in a whole different country making him want to shut his eyes and just fall endlessly into sleep, “But that doesn’t mean I could fall in love with him or anything. It’s just a guy-crush, or something.”
Cas’s voice is even deeper as he quotes the little girl, adding that much more hilarity, “”Mommy had another boyfriend.””
He was gone by the time he’d gotten the call from the Sheriff’s phone, a remaining vampire claiming to have killed the Sheriff and taunting Dean to come to the station to kill her. It was time to call Bobby, but Dean hadn’t. He’d simply put on his coat, staggered to the door, and shot one last fleeting glance to his hotel room.
It was Cas’s turn to look uncomfortable, looking down at the tile-topped kitchen table where his hands lay, still now that he was finished with his coffee, “Well, to tell the truth, I would like to experience falling in love.”
Cas’s hair is plastered to his forehead, and his flushed skin looks hotter than he’d been in the sauna of a room. He should get into the pool again, but not with all that mess. Carefully, as to not startle his sensitivity, Dean bends and laps clean Cas’s muscular thighs. Cas still gasps, eyes flying wide as he props himself up on his elbows, watching.
He’s able to sulk in bed for a couple more hours, dozing in and out of sleep, until the guy whose name Dean can’t remember ducks his head into the room, “Hey, thought I’d let you know, they’re asking for all the fellas to come downstairs in ten.”
“I can’t drop everything at your every inconvenience.” Cas says in that same measured voice Dean had gotten used to when he first met Soldier Castiel, heaven’s wind-up-toy.
“C’mon, let’s add it.” Dean says, and Cas dumps it into the rest of their ingredients and begins shaking it.
Caleb sags, wanting to fall, but Lord Berengerus grabs him with an unexpected strength and holds him up, even as he wriggles in protest, slurring out, “Is he dead?”
Benny shrugs, looks away to some god-awful buzzing light fixture that looks like took a stroll right out of the seventies and into this hotel lobby where it decided it’d make its home, “Well, maybe you were with Lisa and something felt, I dunno, wrong, and you had to come back” he waves his hand vaguely in the air, thinking of the phrase, “to Cas.”
He has to trust Cas, now, to get him home. But to do that, Dean figures he needs to get out of his body. So when Baely comes to bring him something to eat, he asks and the fae, shocked, brings him a shiny, near-silver leaf and instructs him to swallow it before Berengerus arrives. And so he does.
“Alright, I guess I missed the first one.” Dean says, holding out the magazine to Cas as explanation, where the first question reads, ‘Do you know each other’s full names?’, “Your turn.”
Benny blinks at him, like Dean might be the most clueless person in the world. There’s something else there, too, something Dean can’t put his finger on. Then Benny is quickly back-tracking, “I mean, don’t get me wrong, brother, I prefer women and I consider myself straight. But if the right
“Jealousy isn’t a good look on you.” Benny informs him, and after a moment frowns, “All our drinks are sugar-free. I have to over-compensate.”
sitting on the coffee table, seemingly reserved for him. Dean picks it up, feeling only a little emasculated, and flips through for something to do. At first, he thought the magazine was better than nothing but he’s about to change his mind when his fingers land on a ‘Are you REALLY best friends?’ quiz and he lets out a little snort.
“Victor Hendrickson.” The harsh syllables whip automatic from his mouth, and it seems Dean has lost his interest because Victor doesn't tack on anything else, and Dean doesn’t press. Dean pegs him for a cop.
“Here’s where I sleep. And the others, if they’re lucky.” Lord Berengerus sounds like a sickly sweet mousetrap.
He eyes Castiel, who's fighting the current’s pull on the kayak with face grit full of determination. Dean, who knows that their oars, and their dignity, is long gone, finds the whole thing ridiculous. He thinks this is the stupidest group date idea he’s ever heard of and he’s sure, above anything else, that he’s going home at the end of the week.
Dean couldn’t fathom that the creature in front of him—a zuluboon, apparently—could be capable of wiping its own ass, much less intelligent thought, as he watched it sneeze and give a great shake of its head, tossing out loose moss from it’s hide.
His smile falls a fraction, looking away with a slight shake of his head, “No, I was thinking maybe Cas... ?”
here—” as Cas says this he gives a pointed kick to Dean’s barstool to make sure Dean is listening, “like to investigate disappearances.”
At the threshold to Cas’s room, Dean knows he should usher and seal Cas inside before returning to his own bed, their evening over. But something else in him prevails, and before he knows it he’s hopping into Cas’s still-made bed and breaking through some of Cas’s boundaries like tape on doors in one swoop.
Dean doesn’t know anything about the social graces here, but he knows he doesn’t want to  investigate anything except for a cure for his brother, so he mumbles, “Well, yeah, but—”
Leaving Cas a little wonder-struck on the bed, Dean got ready for his one-on-one with Lisa and was surprised when they asked him to bring along the guitar. But he didn’t think anything of it until, halfway through their date, they were directed towards a theatre and the producers told Dean he would be playing for her, and they specifically requested “Rain Song,” telling him they’d heard him practicing it earlier from the hallway.
Cas’s eyebrows pinch together with the briefest moment of confusion even as he untangles himself from Dean and slides up onto the side of the pool, his legs still dangling into the water below, but as Dean’s hands rest on either of his thighs realization dawns and nervousness graces the planes of his face.
There’s a lot to be said about Dean’s heart in his moment, the initial shock that slides too-easy into excitement, even hope. The only thing he can say through the grogginess of sleep is, “Cas? Whaddya doin’ here?”
“Why did he say that to you, if he hates you?” Dean doesn’t want to feel jealous over Zulges’s affection, but he kinda is.
Cas was right about him waking up in the same place, though, and it creeps Dean out to think that his fake body walked itself back over here. It’d probably be weirder if he’d just dropped wherever he was standing, though, left for the townspeople to deal with. He’s thankful he’s not waking up in a grave.
When Lisa looks impressed Dean furrows his brows, confused, “Am I crazy, or don’t you speak Spanish?”
It’s been six months, now. Depending on his mood, sometimes that six months can feel like days or years. Dean thinks it doesn’t matter how long it's been, not now that his life is one continuous stream of monsters and gore and blood that will ultimately be cut-off by his death.
After they’d reported to the bartender their scant findings he wasn’t exactly happy, but obliged to fork over some information regarding the lich they sought. It seemed speaking of liches was a little taboo, from the way the bartender had lowered his voice and drawn them close, but he was able to tell them where a shady, lower-level magician lived that probably had more answers for them. Counting it as a success, Dean had been more than gung-ho in telling Cas he was ready to go after the magician right then and there, but Cas had told him it was  time to return to Earth, and instructed Dean in a ritual involving drawing Dean’s blood with the angel blade and drawing a sigil with it, sprinkling it with the flower from earlier. As soon as the sigil activated, Dean was rendered unconscious once more.
But, before they breach the threshold of the back door Cas swings an unexpected arm haphazardly over Dean’s shoulders, pulling Dean’s head close to Cas’s mouth like he’s going to whisper something. Instead, Cas speaks at a normal volume, extra gravelly, and loud enough to be heard clear across the room, “Dean. D’ya think the other guys know I’m drunk?”
Dean is practically shaking with anticipation to hear the details, which is why he’s disappointed when Cas gives him a vague, “Good” with no indication of elaboration. But, Cas has got the rose in his hand, rolling it back and forth across his palms. It’s only later, when they get a moment alone after the others have gone to bed, that Cas drops his guard. It’s a relief that the happiness doesn’t melt entirely from his face, but when the fake smile vanishes it’s replaced with something tinted with notes of uncertainty that makes Cas look distant.
“I guess.” Dean said, feeling a little like his skin was being pulled too tight across his muscles, “Alright, then. What about you?”
“Seriously? I’d marry Kate all the way.” Dean says, praying that nobody can hear this conversation. He’s been putting his best foot forward during this competition, it’s not good to lapse now.
“A tree, most likely. Golems like trees.” Cas explains wistfully, “And you’ll always wake up in the same place. It’s the nature of a golem to return to its point of origin during its off-use, and since it can’t come back to our world that’s the next best thing.”
If Dean calls and loses it’s game over for him. And if that wasn’t formidable enough, Cas finds Dean’s eyes across the table and he slowly, deliberately, seductively glides his tongue across his bottom lip, and Dean’s gaze can’t help to follow, Cas’s mouth just begging for someone to kiss off their shine. And then Dean is looking up again as Cas’s eyes flicker up and down Dean’s body before coming to rest on Dean’s face with a fucking wink. And then Cas’s face relaxes into a sexy half-smile, distracted, eyes sizing up Dean like he’s something to eat.
“What?” Dean’s eyebrows shoot up, voice bewildered, “I’m not threatened by Cas. I want Lisa to end up with someone she loves, and if that happens with Cas and not me, well, I guess I’ll make my peace with it.”
His skeleton crumples to the ground but twitches as if to reassemble, so Dean uses the femur like a bat and smashes through the skull until the entire thing stops wiggling around and, when satisfied, throws the femur to Cas, “Cas!”
“No, Lucifer is in the cage.” Cas explains, “Whenever an angel possesses a vessel, they leave behind their grace. Lucifer’s grace is trying to corrupt your brother’s soul, even now.”
Dean opens his mouth, ready to protest with some excuse about not being hungry, when Cas speaks hastily over him, “Thank you, we’re very hungry.”
“I’m no good at solitaire.” Dean tells him, clearing his throat a little, “So, today’s date was fun, huh?”
For the second time that night, Dean needs a drink. Then he needs the obligatory second drink and he even needs the ‘this is probably a bad idea’ drink, which is how the rest of the evening goes blurred and fuzzy in his mind, like he’s watching it unfold through rosy bulletproof glass.
“What if he’s dead already?” Sam mutters, sitting on one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs next to Dean’s bedside. “In the other world, I mean.”
Dean assures himself that he’s not intending to kiss Cas. But if this were true, it’s a pretty awful idea when he leans in a fraction, just to demonstrate. Cas misses the memo, thinks he’s the one leaning, and his eyes fly wide at the unexpected brush of skin against his own. They both freeze. Dean makes a lot of decisions, all at once. The kiss should be a blimp, an accident over in an instant as each party pulls away.
“I was jealous.” Cas spits out, his thoughts miles ahead of Dean like he’s breaching some long-winded explanation, Dean scrambling to catch up.
“I’m sorry.” Dean goes to say–though it’s not enough, can never be enough–but Dean is upon him now, and the words get caught up in the kiss he slams into Cas’s mouth.
Dean’s heart is already hammering, but he jumps as his dad slams a magazine down on the coffee table in front of him. John’s face is a mix of anger and outrage, and so Dean looks down at what’s in front of him.
Dean struggles for the words to convey just how extraordinary everything while Cas suppresses an amused look towards Dean- who is starting down at the teardrop on his fingertip with something akin to awe.
if you liked, hated, or busted a nut to any part please lemme know with a smexy little comment ;) i thrive on feedback because i'm not a prolific fic writer, like, at all lmao. i have no measure if this garbage is even readable tbh.
He’s just started to walk towards town whenever he hears the telling sound of wings, and finds Cas standing beside him. They don’t speak, a strange silence holding between them as they walk back to town, both caught up in their own worries, Dean supposes. But a smaller part of him knows just why things are so awkward between them.
They have no other option but to continue through the cave, going through a tunnel so tight they have to turn to their sides and shimmy through the gap, with no promise of a larger opening or even the ability to make their way back and then into a long, seemingly never-ending tunnel that they have to crouch through. Dean’s anxiety piques a couple levels, but eventually they make it to another large room, this one significantly more decked out.
“I wasn’t talking to you.” Michael barks, and Dean’s fist starts itching at the sound it makes, “Maybe you should stop being so friendly to Dean and start focusing on Lisa.”
And there it is, the wonderful feeling of his lips on Cas’s, and the ecstasy of Cas being alive. But, as soon as the sensation is there it’s gone, and Dean opens his eyes to see nothing but pitch-blackness in front of him.
“The real me came all the way out here for a pretty girl. Pathetic, huh?” He remembers their argument, screaming up crows from houses over with bitter, angry caws of their own. They were so angry, burning out bright and fast and giving everything they had as an accelerant.
Dinner is equally as fun and exciting as the rest of the day, with Lisa squealing gleefully as iguanas run unrestrained around the patio where they eat. The meal is served up hot and greasy by some locals who poke fun at them in Spanglish, and Dean jokingly asks the waiter the only phrase he remembers from high school Spanish class, “¿Dónde está el baño?”
He stands up; he can do it. It’s right there waiting to be grabbed, so damned easy it goes back ‘round to being hard. And he takes a step, then another, leaving the floral perfume of the garden feeling like a drug addict cutting clean.
For the first time, the contestants are split up as they’re all flown to a hotel in Roatan, Honduras, getting time by themselves to prepare for their group date. Dean uses the opportunity to take a century-long nap and flip through the three channels on his hotel television, all of them in Spanish. It does little to dissipate his sour mood, but he instead tries forcibly shoving away as he gets ready.
Dean watches as Cas, battered and bruised, rises to his full height and definitely raises his chin, staring down the fire as he summons whatever strength lay within him in order to to spread his wings, casting huge black shadows on the walls around them and causing a roar of thunder that shakes the very foundation of the cave. It seems Dean’s fears of a cave-in weren’t unfounded, for the tiny fissure of the wall is soon suffocated by a multitude of falling rocks, just as stalactites make their descent to the ground.
When they finally arrive at signs of civilization, Dean is both grateful and trepidatious. A couple lit torches revealed to them they were standing in a larger cavern, fit with stalactites and tiny pools of crystalline waters, seeming lit by themselves. As Dean stares into them, he remembers a cave tour he’d done on a rare class field-trip he’d had as a child. The instructor told them that the shallower the underground water looked, the deeper it was. He was careful not to slip on the wet ground and topple in, lost forever.
“Do you miss him?” Dean asks, and the pain that flashes across her face makes him amend, “Sorry, that was a dumb question. Of course you do, it must be hard.”
Benny said he’d go for the right guy if the right guy came along. Maybe Cas is my right guy, but I don’t think I can do this with him forever. I can’t imagine telling Sam or Bobby or for fuck’s sake, my dad. It’s just one exception.
Thank you again for reading! As always, any kudos or comments are greatly appreciated, even if you just keysmash. :)))
“You’re friendly this morning.” Cas says into his own mug, raising it up to his lips and Dean watches them curl around the rim, trying to look for any traces of a smile.
Caleb enters the bathroom, his eyes flying wide as he sees Cas. Reeling around to Lord Berengerus behind him and exclaiming, “What’s this?”
“More or less.” Cas says, and that’s all he has to say about that  as he begins walking towards something on the horizon—a city, “Let’s go.”
And we might already be kinda-sorta together? Yeah, yeah, I can hear you yelling at me to communicate but it’s a little complicated when it’s you two and a bunch of other strangers slumming it in a mansion together. And you’re both dating the same chick. Don’t get me wrong, I still like Lisa. A lot. And I still wanna win, so I know everything I’m doing with Cas is a total conflict of interest but Cas and I just happened, somehow. Maybe we’re just...fuck, passing the time?
“Help me do a simple spell, a ward.” The magician explains, “I’ve got an unwanted admirer, and I was gonna do a spell to bolster my protection. I could use an extra set or two of hands.”
If that’s really what Cas thinks of him, he has no interest in staying. Dean storms out and slams the door behind him, only stopping to sloppily plaster a piece of masking tape back in place. It hangs sideways, almost coming off at one end.
how are we feeling about that last scene, folks? things are heating up,,,this is just a taste of whats to cum. *come, sorry. ;) If you have any comments, good bad or even if you just want to describe to me last night's dinner I would marry you if you shared them with me! I love hearing what you guys think and if I need to change anything. Where do you see this little flirtation between Cas and Dean heading?
The sentiment is nice, so Dean gives him a dim smile. They end up swimming for much longer, until Dean’s fingers are pruny and cold, talking away the night. Cas is steadily tipsy for the duration of the conversation, and ends up telling Dean all about his siblings: his mischievous playboy brother Gabriel who’s fourteen years older than him, his well-meaning but impetuous brother Balthazaar who was eighteen when Cas was born and therefore able to be Cas’s legal guardian, and his younger sister who he’d recently discovered. Dean enjoys hearing Cas talk about Anna, if only for the fondness seeping heavy into Cas’s voice.
And as soon as he’s back to that little, cozy farm Dean’s face falls, screwing in a mix of grief and betrayal, and he buries it into Zulges’s moss. He’s so angry it feels like it’ll burn him up from the inside-out, but even as he prepares to storm off he places a hand against Zulges’s cheek and silently communicates a plea for Zulges to return to Cas and at least take him to safety. Something swimming in Zulges’s dull eyes tells Dean that he understands, even feels for Dean, and Dean is surprised to  find himself laughing as  his hair and face overrun by a long pink tongue poking him in what he thinks is supposed to be affection.
They sprint across the room, and are able to dodge the aggressive furniture until they reach about halfway, where suddenly a sneaky end table hooks around Dean’s legs and he tumbles to the ground. He feels himself being pummeled on all sides by various pieces of furniture; books fly into his face and hands while the end table stomps on his ribcage, making him groan as he struggles to stand up.
The possessiveness Dean feels is instant, biting, and dangerous. His skin crawls with it, and his forced smile looks akin to teeth-baring as it flops and dies on his face. He knows it’s out of line, and damned stupid, but the rivarly and the cameras and the friggin’ champagne knock the bloodlust up a couple amps anyway. It’s not helping that this whole situation is his fault to begin with.
“I’d rather not discuss it.” Cas interrupts him, trying for an apologetic smile that turns into a grimace on his face.
Cas nods once in silence, and then changes gears. When he speaks his voice is mostly nonchalant, a veiled thread of amusement coloring his words, “I like the nickname, by the way.”
“Hey!” Sam and the others collectively protest as Cas manhandles him backwards, Sam’s attempts to protest futile against Cas’s strength.
As the game progresses, Dean watches Alfie, face flushed from his one beer, hanging onto Cas’s every word and practically making googly-eyes at him as they talk about niche medical stuff and share war stories from the field. Dean doesn’t know whether to find it endearing or annoying, but he knows how to exploit weakness and evidently so do the others, because after a few rounds Alfie’s running low on chips, and after a few more he’s out. He is unceremoniously dismissed from the circle; the others double down their focus to the game at hand. It feels real now.
“A trial.” Cas answers, wiping away the blood at first absentmindedly, but pauses to study the scarlet stickiness clinging to his fingers, “Traditionally used to keep the lich’s secrets guarded if he ever fails to guard them himself.”
“Well, it’s better than being dead, darling.” Lord Berengerus tells him, pulling a chair in front of Dean so he can sit across from him. “Plus, I can have so much fun with you while we wait!”
“Stop moving!” Castiel orders with a roar, trying to use his oar to move them away from the fallen tree. It hits the silken mud bottom and embeds, getting stuck. They’re still riding tumultuous waters and without thinking, Castiel tugs.
Benny is taken aback, coming off defensive and with a new bite to his voice, “I wouldn’t do that, brother.”
“How was yours?” Cas moves to sit against the headboard in one swift movement, playfully shoving Dean away to make room.
“Hey, Dean?” Benny says, looking increasingly pleased from where he stands with Dean’s fingertips digging into his shoulders, though he’s looking somewhere behind Dean.
The only thing left is to follow the line of grace, tugging him along as Dean flies from one realm into the next, and with a ‘pop’ he’s opening his eyes in a hospital bed.
“What?” Dean is flabbergasted, loathes the thought of leaving everyone, of Lisa and Benny and Kevin and Cas, “I’m staying until she stops giving me roses.”
Dean laughs, “I’m with you, I’m awful at the fancy business. Before this, I could count on my fingers the number of times I’ve worn a suit.”
When Dean looks back up during the long instrumental, Cas’s eyes are fixed to his face in a way that reminds Dean of how Cas had studied him when they first met. Now, Cas’s elbows were propped on his knees and he catches his chin in his outstretched palms as he listens to Dean play. Dean smiles at him a little, not being able to help it after seeing Cas so struck by his mediocre skills.
They sit on an unfamiliar bed in an unfamiliar house, the only homes being the ones they carry with themselves and with each other. Dean ignores the way his shoulder meets Cas’s or how Cas has crossed one leg over Dean’s outstretched ones; he misses his family and friends and his entire life, and it’s making him touchy. That’s all.
Contestants are permitted to write letters while they’re on the show, as long as they don’t contain information pertinent to the competition itself. A small mercy, Dean thinks, as he starts to pen out the opening to a message to Charlie, right under the car-eyeball hybrid monster Dean has created. He writes quickly, letting his thoughts fall freely to the paper in a lazy scrawl.
“You guys are going down.” Dean taunts, fixing a determined look on his face as he stares down Benny.
Dean is a little nervous, being somewhat afraid of heights, but he puts on a brave face in front of Lisa and, more importantly, Micheal. Lisa jokes good-naturally with them as they get suited up with helmets, but even so Dean turns to mutter a complaint to Cas and is surprised to see Cas stepping into the harness at the edge of the platform.
Cas’s face slips first into surprise at Dean’s singing, and then he smiles. It’s reassuring to Dean, who starts singing with more vigor, remembering he has to convince Cas to actually like the song. The lyrics hold a lot of meaning to Dean, who thinks about his own quest for love mirrored in the song’s hauntingly sweet rendition. It makes him a little hopeful, a little hopeless, and he ends up closing his eyes for most of the lyrics, opening them only when he trails off to an ending.
“No!” She waves a hand at him dismissively, giggling, “Not like that! I meant, Ben’s got a sense of humor, too. I think you’d get along with him.”
This week, after what Dean anticipates to be an awkward-as-all-hell group date, Lisa will pick three contestants to move onto one-on-one dates that ultimately end with her going to the fantasy suite, an overnight stay without cameras. And just because you go to the fantasy suite doesn’t mean that you won’t be eliminated; two guys are going home at the end of the next rose ceremony. After that comes the family meetings, and then Lisa will pick her future husband.
“Can’t say I’m not surprised to see ya. You hear about Sam, then?” Bobby lowers his defensive stance and puts the shotgun on the hallway’s table, not exactly off-guard but relaxed for Bobby, anyways.
After dinner, they take a walk on a boardwalk. It’s a quiet evening, so quiet that beneath their voices Dean can make out the water lapping against the wooden docks and the slapping of the underside of boats against the tiny waves. It lulls him into a sleepy sort of happiness, and he’s suddenly thinking about Cassie. His thoughts of her have been fleeting, but it’s the first time he thinks about her without a pang of sadness tinging his mind. He lets the thought drift out of his mind as easily as it entered, gently redirecting his thoughts to Lisa.
“Like the fairy tales!” chimes this voice again, sing-songy and sounding disturbing like Lord Berengerus.
“Can you say something more about that?” She prods him gently, “What do you think about him being here?”
“The Twilight Realm is inaccessible by angels, primarily because we can’t locate it. But, my grace will be like the spool of thread in the labyrinth: I can follow it and find myself in the Twilight Realm.” Cas says, bored at having to repeat himself in simpler terms.
At this, a trail of water escapes from Cas’s mouth once more and Dean knows he’s faced with two options: attempt to appease this mysterious force or watch Cas die while maniacal laughter echoes around him.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas says, and as soon as they’re out of Sam’s earshot Cas says, in a low growl of a voice, “I would like to speak to you alone, Dean.”
Their date consists of a tour of a local animal reserve on the island, fit with stunning exotic birds and white-furred monkeys with angry red faces that make Dean laugh until his stomach hurts, especially when he’s holding one and it tears away to terrorize Lisa instead by pulling her hair. They also attend a snorkeling excursion, and Dean thinks the corals, teeming with life, are breath-taking. Even though a passing jellyfish has him swearing and jumping out of the water. Lisa agrees to watch the marine life from the safety of the dock.
“Just stop.” Dean is deflated, blinking away the cave dust from his eyes, “I don’t wanna hear your excuses.”
Dean’s appreciation of the beautiful landscape is interrupted by him hearing the brush of wings, much like shaking out a folded blanket, and a gasp as someone thuds into the muddied ground a few feet away. Cas is on his knees, bent forward with one hand pressed into the ground and the other clutched to his chest.
“I tend to agree.” Cas chimes from where he’s now onto slicing a papaya into chunks, “Artificial sweeteners are cloying.”
“No clue.” Dean says, grabbing for Cas’s hand. He needs reassurance that he’s really back; that they’re both really alive.
That’s all it takes to break Benny, who curses and leans over the table to quickly whisper, “It’s aquafaba! Use aquafaba! Just please, stop torturing me.”
"You told me that you loved me.” Dean blurts out, his tongue loose with whiskey, and he immediately curses himself for his awkwardness.
“Well, you can’t actually die, here.” Cas says, like that’s the part that matters. But he knows Dean enough to know that Dean’s onto him, now, and there’s no weaseling after that, “But...yes. I needed the blade, trust me, Dean. This was important.”
Benny looks at him a little disbelieving, and Dean feels his cheeks flare-up again on their own accord. He just told Benny he has a guy crush, for God’s sake. Benny speaks slowly, “Are you sure? I mean, the way you look at the guy…”
“Is Lucifer still possessing him?” Dean asks, suddenly eyeing his brother suspiciously. He hates to admit it, but it would almost explain the strange mood swings and displaced aggression he had witnessed and been the victim to for the past few weeks.
After signing his name, Dean spends the next half-hour picking apart his paper, shredding it into a blizzard of snowflake-scraps so small as to be completely illegible.
There’s a confusing mash of emotions on her face, soft smile marred by glistening eyes and behind them, pain. Crumpled in one hand is a piece of paper, and Dean watches as Cas sees it, his expression suddenly a baffling calm. As he walks away, he holds his chin high like he’s walking into violent battle. Dean tries to resist watching, but Dean’s a moth to a flame, only interrupted by the arrival of Micheal by his side.
“Cas, as a reward for your bravery, why don’t I talk to you first?” Lisa suggests, and the two walk off.
All the camera lights make his head swim, so once he’s back inside he grabs a drink and chews on his conversation with Lisa. He loves Cassie, loves her so much he’s here. But his heart is big, incapable of keeping out the white noise. He’s never been unfaithful, but it makes it too easy for him to start liking Lisa. To start thinking about liking her.
“My experience with romance has not been vast.” Cas’s eyes flit to Dean’s fingers and back to the floor, just as the tops of his cheeks warm, “I’m, uh, rather virginal, in a sense.”
“She was very perceptive.” Cas assures him, “Also, her father may have vented to her while she was shining his shoes.”
Dean does not heed his warning, instead reaching around Cas’s side and grabbing the cup in his hands, fingers overlapping as Dean tries to wrestle it away from him playfully. Cas moves to step away but his back accidently nestles against Dean’s chest and he relinquishes his grip entirely, and somehow this leads Dean to be standing, his left wrist and hand peeking out from underneath Cas’s right arm, the rest of Dean’s arm pinned against his chest by Cas’s back. Dean’s right arm is free and circles back around to grip the cup with both hands. He can’t actually shake the cup like this, so he freezes, exhaling onto Cas’s neck. He tries not to notice the goosebumps there, and suddenly he’s thinking about that kiss again.
The rest of the date goes well, Dean thinks, but on the inside he’s soured and salted and feeling restless. If Lisa notices, she doesn’t mention it, even if Dean is brief during their scheduled ‘talk-about-feelings’ session at the end of the night. When Dean gets in the car to go home, he’s got the strangest urge to cry.
Cas smiles down at the blade knowingly, almost marveling as he again touches it, and picks it up, “It’s warm to the touch.”
“I hope you get sent home!” Michael shouts a little too loudly, making Dean bite his tongue to hold back laughter.
“Have a lot less fun, that’s for sure.” Dean remarks as he goes, closing the door behind him and smiling for a moment even as the darkness of the room overtakes him. He stares into it, let it overtake him as his eyes adjust and he’s able to make out the faint outline of his bed and the lights outside peeking in from underneath the heavy blackout curtains at the other end of the room. Everything blurs into a hazy shade of grey as he takes in one great gust of breath and lets it all fall out of him like a swirling mess of dust and sorrow.
“My tether is to your sleeping soul, which in the case of your golem’s death it would be yanked back into your body so forcefully it might break the tie.” Cas says, pausing to consider how he might better phrase it, “Your soul will take part of me with you, so I’ll be able to find that part and travel there physically.”
Acting on instinct, Dean throws Cas’s arm around his shoulders and races, now against the collapsing cave, stumbling on the incline in the pitch-black dark with a newfound exhaustion and not thinking one coherent thought until he breaks through to the light of day. Then, the fight leaving him, Dean surrenders and falls to the ground, Cas slumping beside him.
Since they broke the rules, lost the kayak, and finished in last place, Cas and Dean along with the other losing team are not permitted to continue on the group date. Andy gets the date rose. Dean actually considers this a small mercy of the universe, because Dean has mud caked and flaking in places that mud should not ever, under any circumstance, be permitted to cake and flake off of. All he wants to do is shower and mope about Cassie, or make a game-plan about how he’s going to survive the next two weeks. This is evidently too much to ask for, because after he’s gotten the worst of the grime off himself and is drying his hair in bed, Cas enters the room and perches on the edge of his bed.
Dean jerks back, eyes flying open as Cas sits up. Cas’s eyes soften as they meet Dean’s and he sits up, grinning a little, “I assume you forgive me?”
Caleb yells, something incoherent as he tries to break free, yet sliding even closer to the floor, and Lord Berengerus brings his hand up to comb through Caleb’s hair, “Shh...it’s alright dear. You’re just dreaming.”
He doesn’t looks satisfied, a little frown appearing on his face, “Yet you share common interests with her, right?”
After this little intervention, Dean is left to mix up a strong drink and wait for tonight’s rose ceremony. He doesn’t have to let this change anything, and resolves to just go on pretending it never happened. That’s something Dean Winchester has always been good at.
Dean tries to work up the nerve to talk to Cas, really talk to him, and his tongue lolls around in his mouth with an unspoken question, sticky-sweet like the honey in a fly trap. The fluttering of wings announces that no, Dean, you’re not allowed to ask. A private, pathetic part of Dean thinks that whatever is keeping Cas away now is the same reason as the past six months, which is that he simply doesn’t wanna be around.
“Oh.” Alphie says, and he and Max exchange a look. They probably think he and Cas are over the moon for each other and that Dean’s entire relationship with Lisa is a sham, or something. Dean almost starts laughing.
Once they’re outside Dean plops Cas onto the bench that sits flush against the wall of the mansion, Cas closing his eyes and pushing his head back, and Dean turning to get his sandals from where they sit by the door. It’s a stupid, rookie mistake Dean thinks as he turns back and is greeted with the sight of Cas, now standing and creeping to the edge of the pool when suddenly, still in his white t-shirt and shorts, he rushes forward and dives into the pool with a splash.
“No way!” Kevin chimes, half his face curling into an evil grin as he brags, “Benny used to be a bartender.”
Her face flushes the slightest of pink with amusement, or maybe he’s really flattered her with his cheesy as hell pickup line, but either way Dean admires it, likes how easy he draws it out of her. She takes a breath and smooths the edge of her dress, “The other guys treating you alright?”
Cas looks the slightest bit pissed, and Dean wants to join Izzy in laughter if it weren’t for the fact that they were pretty screwed, now, in terms of getting to the lich’s location. Dean whistles, “Damn, so much for that.”
“Fantastic.” His eyes fall briefly to the other contestants, backlit against the golden warm glow of the house, watching and waiting for their turn, before meeting Lisa’s eyes with a new intensity, “Better now that I’m out here with you.”
Cas gives Sam a sad-looking smile, “No, your soul is resoundingly good. It’s rejecting Lucifer’s grace and influence, which is in itself damaging. It seems you would rather hurt yourself than let Lucifer have any sway over your nature.”
“You were the one who tried to drown me.” It’s hard to believe Cas hasn’t played football, but Cas confessed that he spent all four years of high school on his school’s swim team, which explains how he caught on so quickly after Dean dragged him out here to play ball.
reflective, sparkling tears look gorgeous on Cas’s face that Cas is absolved of whatever piss-poor disagreement Dean just conjured up and Dean’s anger dribbles out to join Cas’s tears somewhere on the floor.
hi guys I hope this fic is finding you well from the quarantine! finally an update, huh? I sat with this chapter for so long because I can honestly say I detest it, but there's nothing like getting your school cancelled to really increase productivity and motivate you to post something :') anyways, you might find that the next chapter comes a bit sooner (hopefully?), especially because I may be quarantined for the next two weeks cuz I might be infected. stay safe and please for the love of fuck go wash your hands.
The lich is skeletal, like his goons earlier, but something tells Dean he’ll need more than just a firm kick to the head in order to take him down. He glows, eclipsing the torches in his illumination, and casts shadows on the walls around them from where he hovers above them, his staff holding another ball of fire that he reigns down upon them.
Dean can hear the launch and backflow of his heart sending too-warm blood underneath the slight of skin, flushed and rosy as he slides his fingertips under the expanse of elastic at Cas’s hips and begins to tug. He holds steady eye-contact with Cas, ready to stop if something seems wrong, but Cas just studies the whole thing unfolding with his tongue lapping at his lower lip, pupils blown wide.
He goes to bed as soon as they let him, and he’s disappointed but not surprised by the twin beds, packed four to a room, that he’ll be spending the next eight weeks of his life in. His two suitcases that carry the entirety of his possessions are pushed to the far wall, closests to the window, so he takes the bed to match. It’s lumpy like a hotel mattress, but it’s somewhere to rest his head.
It’s Sam. Alive. He’d been retched up by that ground that’d swallowed him. His face is cut up—a side effect of digging out of your own grave, it seems—and his hair is in desperate need of being cut, but otherwise he looks like himself. Bobby had already tested him but Dean went through it all again: silver knife and holy water and scrutinizing the planes of his brother’s face for a glimpse of the devil peeking through the cracks.
The only thing he finds sobering is the vote, where he scribbles Cassie’s name on a piece of paper and tucks it into an official-looking box. He could be petty and write Lisa, but since he’s screwed up Cassie’s first chance at love he might as well give her another, free of charge.
“You a weird health nut or something?” Dean bites into the Twinkie's exposed end, relishing the sweet creamy deliciousness as it dances on his tongue, “It’s okay if you are.”
Dean is busy taking in the room, by far the most elegant place he’s seen in this realm, and maybe his own, candlelight casting the place in a warm, amber glow with a massive, gorgeous interior decorated with lavish paintings and golden trinkets. They pass a lounge which is covered wall-to-wall with thick, soft-looking rugs in a multitude of prints as well as short, circular seats that are occupied with guests lounging atop them. Most surprisingly, the guests pass around an alchemical-looking device that they take great huffs of, exhaling a purplish-blue smoke and giggling with pink faces.
The post-date interview lasts for around an hour, and then he’s back at the mansion. The guys in the living room are the first to greet him, asking how it went. He tells them vaguely without dishing out any details, and heads up to his bedroom to undress for the night, realizing he’s pretty tired. Inside the room Cas is lounging on his own bed, reading a book, but pauses to give Dean a smile in greeting.
Zulges pulls his head away and makes the strange, almost-moo sound again but this time it sounds like a plea. He looks to Cas, first, then he rolls his three eyes back to Dean. Dean finds himself fixed in the beast’s gaze as it stares him down and then, seeming to decide something, it makes a grunting noise and folds up its legs underneath itself, sitting fully on the ground.
“Cas?” Dean pleads, his fingertips resting just short of Cas’s lips, feeling for breath, and finding relief at the gentle, yet shallow, exhale. He gives Cas a shake, “Wake up, please. We gotta get out of here.”
Today, Dean’s embarked on the mission of creating a home-cooked meal. Most of the contestants, barring the dates, have been eating out of the microwave for the past few weeks and Dean is no exception. He tries to stir a mess of flour and water into some form of pizza crust dough, Cas watching languidly from the counter. The day is sunny, lazy almost, as they bide time until the next date. Dean frowns at the light streaming through the kitchen because the yellow reminds him of Lisa, yet the sunshine is nothing but Cas.
But, then there’s this guy Cas thrown into the mix and I swear, we’re attached at the hip. Don’t get me wrong, you’re still my BFF and I love you with all my heart and all that jazz, but Cas is  endlessly interesting, and funny, and really smart. He’s an even bigger nerd than you, and he’s gonna be a doctor. A pediatric surgeon, actually, because he’s got a good heart and wants to help people. But when I first met him I hated him. He hit me with an oar. Then we talked it out and now we’re besties. Then we kissed.
This was something, in hindsight, Cas should’ve explained. But, to be fair, he didn’t know it was possible until recently. Back in the lynch’s cave, when he’d caused the ceiling to fall, he drew on some of the power from Dean’s soul. Angels can draw on the power of souls, of course, but this didn’t feel like that. It was like Dean was an extension of himself, so he hadn’t noticed where his grace stopped and Dean’s soul started.
Dean sighs, opting for a partial truth, “It’s something I’m doing with Cas, okay? He thinks it could help.”
Dean, privately, filed this information deep into the manila folders of his brain and stuck red post-its to the outside labelled, ‘Urgent: scheme about upon next opportunity’ while distracting Cas from the whole operation by launching into a story about how he’d gotten blackout drunk in college and woken up in one of his professors’ home.
Waking up in the Twilight Realm isn’t as jarring as it was the first time, but he is a little daunted to know he might be going at it alone, especially with how hopeless he would’ve been without Cas telling him how to interact with the locals. Dean snorts to think that Cas would be the one giving him social pointers.
They round another bend and there’s two figures standing on the driveway. People couldn’t decide who they wanted for a Bachelorette this year so in a sick twist of rules, the contestants themselves would be voting. Dean’s resentment for reality TV was bad enough before, but now he figured he couldn’t get through an episode of American Idol if he tried. He’ll stick to the soap operas, thank you. Why Cassie signed up, he’ll never know.
Dean uses two hands to hoist Cas up from his watery grave, pulling them both into a standing position, with the pool water lapping at their chins in its height. Cas stirs underneath Dean’s touch, so Dean is relieved to find that he is at least still alive.
“Then why are you holding me as bait for him?” Dean shoots back, a thick bead of saliva pooling past his swollen lip, which has had its fair share of being beat this evening.
“The other men find me peculiar.” Cas tells him, perhaps as a warning, because it’s resigned and there’s no malice towards the other contestants.
Dean bites back the stupid, possesive bile that launches up his throat as he grumbles, “Well, let’s hear about this transportation.”
Cas sighs and rolls his eyes at them, but Dean knows he’s laughing on the inside. Before Dean can say something snarky back they’re interrupted by the instructor announcing something else—there would be a twist. Under each station was a notecard with special instructions for each group’s drinks. Dean fumbled around for the folded notecard and opened it, presenting it to himself and Cas.
Back in his hotel room the boredom only intensifies and, ever the insomniac, he passes the time by pacing to-and-fro in front of the window. It makes his skin itch and he idly adjusts the thermostat even though the sweat toying at his collar isn’t because it’s too hot. As time passes he feels wider awake and wilder in the head. Finally, just past 1 am, the overbearing silence drives him out of the room.
Once inside, the man announces himself to be Lord Berengerus and has several fae, who Dean could spot by their peculiar eyes and the elegant wings that glided behind them, offer to take their coats. As they exchange pleasantries Dean bats his eyes at him, plays him up like he’s a girl at the bar or a greasy guy at the truck-stops, and hopes he’s not overselling it.
