“I know it’s not ideal, but it is a king so there is plenty of room and we wouldn’t fit very well in the twins and plus this is more comfortable than the boat and… wait, did you say okay?” Cas rambles before cutting off short. Dean throws his head back in laughter at the shocked look on his friend's face.
“Holy mother that is good,” Dean moans when he takes his first sip. Maybe Carol will tell him where she got it so that he can take some home with him. It's seriously the best coffee he has ever tasted.
“She kissed me!” Cas protests.
“Do you have the machine up and running yet?” Dean asks, changing the subject.
With a heavy sigh Castiel finally looks at Dean and he can see hints of sadness swirling in the blue seas. “I was supposed to spend the holidays with Arthur and his family this year.”
“You’ll see me in a few hours kiddo. You’re going to have such an awesome day today and make a ton of new friends that the time is going to fly by! And when the day is over I will be right outside waiting for you to tell me all about the amazing adventures you got up to, sound good?” Dean asks, forcing as much enthusiasm into his words as he can. Thankfully Emma nods her head. With a gentle smile Dean fixes her hair  and kisses her forehead. “Alright sweetie, I love you and have a good day!”
“Even though Cas here is a very special treat, I have something else to sweeten the pot for y’all!” Cas looks at the other man very confused on what’s going on. This isn’t how it normally goes at all.
Mr. and Mrs. Winters lead them up the stairs giving them a few fun facts about the building that has been there since the early 1800s. Castiel even sees two more trees at the top of the stairs. The sight makes him smile.
“After you were born your mom developed postpartum depression. When Castiel noticed he asked the doctors about it and they assured him that it is completely normal for first time mothers and should only last about two weeks. Well two weeks went by and nothing changed. Then two months. No one knew what to do.
Dean debated for a long time whether to invite Castiel this year. He figured Emma would love to have Claire join them and then inviting Castiel along too was a given. So far he hasn’t regretted that decision. Emma is happier than he has ever seen her and Dean has someone his own age he can talk with. Sure the lake is still sacred to him and this extended weekend trip with his daughter will always be special, but now he gets to share that with someone. It’s not the someone he thought he would share it with, since Cas is married and not to Dean, but it feels good to share this part of him with someone else.
“My mom taught me when I was a kid,” Dean replies easily. “We used to go every winter back in Kansas. She loved the feeling being on the ice gave her. It was like a whole different world and she was so happy whenever we went.”
“Thank you everyone for joining us here today. I know you all have been working hard the last two years on bringing this hotel back to life and I can’t thank you enough. This project was just an idea I had for many years. It was a mess of passing thoughts that I eventually started writing down and keeping track of. Somehow it became this thing I couldn’t stop thinking about and needed to do. Luckily I knew a pretty handy contractor that was crazy enough to agree to this massive project.” Cas turns to look back at Dean, his face so full of love it makes Dean’s heart sing. “Dean, I will forever be grateful for everything you have done for me. You helped me make my life mine again and showed me just how much is out there in the world. None of this would have been possible without you. So thank you, Dean. Thank you for making my dream come true. Thank you for keeping this family together. And thank you for making me the happiest I have ever been. I love you so much.”
“Love you too Daddy!” Emma says as she skips into the classroom.
Mostly inspired by the
“These guys behind me are known as polar bears and can usually be found living in the Arctic. Unlike most bears, polar bears don’t actually hibernate during the winter. They can usually be seen still hunting during the harsher winter months. Another fun fact about these bears is that even though they appear white to us, their skin is actually black!” Cas explains while the kids start to write down their fun facts.
“Dean, what's that?” Cas asks, pointing to their left where a small building lays abandoned a few feet from the sand line. Dean shrugs but steers the boat towards shore for them to get out and explore.
“We’re about half way there Em. We still have a little over an hour until we get there. Do you need anything?” he asks in his most patient voice.
“Ready to go?” Ketch asks when Castiel steps out of the bathroom. He nods his head in response quickly packing the rest of these things into his suitcase. “Really Castiel? Why are you wearing those dumb glasses?”
A comfortable silence hangs around them and Castiel is perfectly content to watch the snow swirl around them in the wind. He likes it here. It's quiet and peaceful. No annoying New York traffic at all hours of the day. Cas never thought he would move out of the city but now he's craving a life in a smaller town in a nice house and a family of his own. It's those comforting thoughts that turn into sweet dreams as Castiel drifts off into a light sleep the remainder of the drive back.
Dean turns and his breath leaves him quicker than he thought possible. Cas always comes to work in a suit without fail, but this feels like so much more for some reason. Castiel stands in the doorway pulling on the sleeves nervously as he looks around the room. When he catches sight of Dean his face brightens with a smile that just about brings Dean to his knees right then and there. The suit Cas is wearing looks similar to Deans except instead of blues it is in shades of gray and blak. Castiel went with a crisp white button-down and a deep red tie that pulls the whole look together. Before Dean can recover enough to close his mouth and stop gaping at the other man, Cas starts to make his way over.
When Cas doesn’t respond right away, Dean opens his eyes and finds his friend looking like he's about to crumble into a million pieces. His eyes dart around the room and his bottom lip trembles. He looks so lost and it breaks Dean’s heart. He knows how hard this has been for all them, especially for Cas, and Dean isn’t helping by yelling at him.
“No Cas, you listen to me. This is
Many hours later, Dean wakes slowly with his arm completely numb and a warm weight pressed along his side. Flexing his fingers in an attempt to get some feeling back, they brush through soft strands of hair. It feels nice, so Dean continues to move his fingers through it, untangling a few knots when he finds them. The warm weight along his side wiggles slightly closer and lets out a content sigh causing Dean to freeze, instantly wide awake. His eyes wide, Dean peers down to find Castiel curled into him with his head resting on Dean's chest and an arm thrown over Dean's stomach.
The kids contemplate the question for a little while. Cas watches as some of their faces scrunch you in confusion, some seem they just want to know the answer and not actually put the work in, and one little boy lights up with a smile. He raises his hand and in a quiet voice says, “A gummy bear?”
They move to the next habitat sadly leaving the playful otters behind. With the tour quickly coming to a close Dean knows he needs to get at least one more pun in by the time the tour is over. He has a few ideas but needs to wait for the right moment. That moment comes when they’re standing in front of the hippos and Cas is talking about the animals' diet.
The two young blonds look at him expectantly, but Dean can't seem to find the words anymore. Luckily Cas notices and takes the lead.
Cas looks up and sees Dean looking at the pair with a fond look on his face. Standing back up the zookeeper does his very best to glare at the teacher and is met with a satisfied grin. Oh yeah, today is going to be a very very long day.
“What is it daddy? Can I have it now?” Emma asks, looking up at him with pleading eyes.
“Every single one,” Chris states. He's so sincere that Dean believes him. The two of them continue rifling through the letters. Some of them make Dean laugh with what kids are asking for nowadays. One little girl, Emma, wants a purple and pink unicorn named Sparkles. Jake wants a different puppy for every day of the week and Abby wants an actual samurai sword. Dean would also love an actual samurai sword, but doesn’t think those are very easy to come by.
“You two share a bed! You stare at each other as if nobody else exists in the world! You are seriously telling me you guys aren't hooking up?” Meg stares at him incredulously. Dean shakes his head again. “How the hell have you not hit that yet Winchester?”
“Yes Alex!” Dean reaches into his pocket and pulls out mini packs of gummy bears for the kids. They each take one excitedly and start to feast on their treat. Dean looks back at Cas and winks, “Look out Cas, it’s about to be panda-monium here.”
“Sure I’ll miss soccer, but I mean it’s just a game I tried because it looked fun,” Emma says easily and Dean can tell she’s telling the truth. “As for friends, I have Claire. Really she’s the only one I need.”
Dean gently takes the snake from Claire’s small hands and releases it back in the reeds. He gives the little girl a high five and is shocked when he gets an actual smile out of her. It’s rare to get a smile from her even though Dean knows she is a happy girl. Usually it’s a little upward turn of her lips, but every now and then Emma can get a full on grin from her friend. Dean has found Castiel to be the same way. There has only been one time that Dean has gotten Cas to laugh hard enough to show off the amazing gummy smile the man has. The sight mesmerized Dean. Cas is always so tired and stressed out that it’s rare to even see him without the frown. So Dean made it his goal to make that gummy smile appear as much as possible just so he can see his friend happy.
“Dean I don't know how to ice skate,” Castiel protests, really not wanting to go on a sheet of ice just to fall on his ass.
“We don’t have to go if you don't want to,” Cas says. “We can turn around right now.”
“Sammy!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Absolutely!” Dean agrees with an easy smile. “What about you? I thought you would be stuck inside some book by now.”
“Yeah no problem,” Benny hesitates at the door before moving to sit across from Dean. “Everything alright?”
“Yes, I do! My husband and I run a small inn and we definitely have room for you two,” She says with a smile on her face. Relief rushes through Castiel and he finally feels like he can relax for a minute. They have a place to stay, this is good. “There he is now! Chris! These two gentlemen need a place to stay for the night and I thought they could stay at the inn!”
They keep working though.
“They were so excited and wanted to know more about the lions when I told them we were taking a field trip to the zoo, so I told them all of the fun facts that I could remember you saying over the years. Except for the liger one, that came from me of course,” Dean explained with a slight blush rising to his cheeks.
Surprisingly the villa isn’t as bad as Dean was expecting. Sure some of the wood is rotting on the outside, but the inside isn’t nearly as bad as the state the hotel is in. The three men wander around taking everything in. The space isn’t very large, but it should be enough for them for now.
Castiel stares at his phone in shock.
“What are you talking about Claire?” Cas asks, tearing his eyes from Dean to watch his daughter cautiously.
“He shoots! And he scores!” Dean exclaims as he tosses a shirt into his duffle bag. He wanders around his cramped apartment sniffing shirts as he goes trying to find something clean. Normally he’s not this bad, he used to pride himself on a clean and neat apartment. When he first moved into the place it was a complete dump but living in New York is expensive as hell and it was all he could afford at the time. Eventually, he put in the time and money (when he had it) into making it look halfway decent and now he's pretty proud of the place he lives. For how much he pays rent, Dean’s got quite a large apartment which he absolutely loves. Although right now you wouldn’t be able to tell with all the junk and trash laying around. Unfortunately, work has gotten more and more hectic the last couple of years and he has slacked off on his organization skills. Something he regrets immensely right now since it's hard to distinguish between his clean and dirty laundry. On the bright side, there is always some kind of take out leftovers to be found in his fridge!
Day by day. Dean reminds himself constantly. Every time he thinks of Cas or someone mentions him. He ignores the shard of his heart that falls each time and focuses on the task at hand. Day by day. How is he supposed to go day by day if he can’t even make it through one? Hour by hour then. So hour by hour Dean throws himself into work and luckily, probably thanks to Jo and Benny, no one bothers him. Until
Dean slings an arm around Claire’s shoulders as Emma links arms with Cas and they walk together towards their villa. “So Claire, who was your friend back there?”
“She’s with you. She's okay,” Cas’ voice comes through quieter and more relieved. “Thank you Dean.”
“Dean,” there is so much emotion in Cas’ voice. Dean opens his eyes, not even realizing he had shut them at some point. Bright blue orbs stare up at him in awe with so many emotions swirling in the endless deep blue pools.
“They can roar really really loud!”
Dean’s not sure how much time passes but eventually Cas comes up beside him so that their shoulders are pressed together. The contact shouldn’t take Dean’s breath away, since small casual touches between the two of them have grown more and more normal over the several years of friendship. It doesn't matter how many times Cas casually brushes behind Dean when they are cooking in the kitchen together, or how many times there is a shoulder pat in greeting or passing, or the hand on a thigh to help Cas stand up from the couch. Even if they are an everyday occurrence it still affects Dean as if it were the first time. This is no different.
“Absolutely!” he exclaims, hopping out of the truck. “Come on, let me kick your ass in the greatest game of all time.”
“Because he was a cheetah!” Dean exclaims with a big smile and some form of jazz hands. Some of the kids giggle at his antics and continue looking at the beautiful animals. While Castiel tries to not look at the beautiful man in front of him. Cas lets them watch the cheetahs for a few more minutes before shuffling them to the next habitat housing the jaguars. Cas is so focused on getting to the next spot that he doesn’t see Dean whisper to two of the students and all of their matching smiles.
“Daddy, are we there yet?”
“Thank you Dean,” Cas replies and actually takes a sip this time. He closes his eyes and hums in satisfaction. Dean smirks, satisfied himself, and returns his attention to the delicious meal sitting in front of him. The two men sit in silence, Dean eating and Castiel sipping his coffee. At some point Carol comes over with a plate of crepes topped with strawberries and whipped cream and some bacon for Castiel. He looks up and gives her a gummy smile in thanks before taking a bite of bacon. Just as Dean is about to take his own bite of bacon Chris comes their way with a concerned look on his face which causes Dean to pause.
“Uh huh, watch yourself Winchester or you’ll be spending the night on the deck,” Cas states, still refusing to smile.
“What do you say we go finish this project we started together and then we can go get started on the rest of our lives together?” Dean asks, giving Cas his most charming smile. He knows the line is cheesy, but there are so many emotions swirling around them he feels the need to lighten the mood a bit.
Claire has changed the most over the years, but no one can blame her for that, she's been through a lot. When the two girls first met Claire wanted nothing to do with school. It was Emma’s love for learning at their young age that encouraged Claire to try more. Claire took it a step further and decided she wanted to be the best. Now she is at the top of her class taking almost all advanced classes to gain college credit and thriving. Dean and Cas both couldn’t be prouder of their girls and they don't want to do anything that will risk the hardwork and dedication they have put into their high school experience.
“You’ve read one of my articles?” Cas asks in awe.
The boat glides along the water and slides across the sand until they come to a stop. Dean and Cas hop out to pull the boat up higher on the shore and anchor it to a nearby tree. The girls hop out and they all make their way to the small building Cas saw earlier. Dean spies another similar building not too far away hidden behind some trees and points it out to Cas. The closer they get the more buildings appear until they are standing on what appears to be an old patio. There is an empty pool to their right partially full of dirty murky water and a shed a little beyond that. But it is what is in front of them that has captured Cas’ full attention.
He debates whether to play it off as everything is fine or to give in and tell Charlie how miserable he actually has been the last few weeks. Knowing the fact that his job is on the line with this Aspen piece and that if he told her the truth she would most likely take him off of it, he decides to play the part of a “not completely heartbroken writer who is very excited for the holiday season”.
“Castiel, we just order from the Chinese place around the corner. Super easy. No need for the pie or whatever,” Ketch waves his hand around before turning his attention back to his phone. Cas stares at him in shock. That sounds like the absolute worst way to spend Christmas.
Dean glances at him out of the corner of his eye. The joyful singing man is now gone, replaced by someone much more serious. Castiel almost regrets asking the question and being the cause of Dean's mood change.
As if that summoned them, suddenly all 23 kids and the four parent volunteers are standing behind their teacher looking up at them with anticipation filled faces. Dean turns to address his group of students after doing a quick headcount to make sure everyone is there.
“Hello,” The two girls say in unison, their eyes wide as they take in the island around them. Dean follows their lead and glances around. White sand beaches, palm trees all around, bright blue waters surrounding them, and multiple open shacks with delicious smells drifting towards Dean. His stomach grumbles at the aroma of food and Cas chuckles lightly at his side.
“Not at all,” Cas replies with a small smile. A wave of relief washes over Dean. He didn’t disrespect the zookeeper. He didn’t get the class kicked out of the zoo. He still didn’t make the blue eyes man laugh at his jokes though.
Dean takes in the young woman in front of him and then the rest of their surroundings. He can’t see the family that was in front of them anymore, but he can see a group closing in on them from behind. Making a decision he picks up both their clubs and balls before wrapping an arm around her shoulders and leading the way to the exit.
“Charlie, that's great! We can start booking guests now!” Dean exclaims, his mood already getting exponentially better. Maybe they can finally catch a freaking break for once.
“Another magical year!” Carol tells her husband with a smile.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just a fucking long week,” Cas states, looking to the sky. Flakes of snow catch in his hair and eyelashes, distracting Dean for a moment.
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Castiel asks with confusion clear in his voice.
“Missing? Who’s missing?” Dean demands instantly thinking of Emma.
Carol goes around to the other guests wishing them all a good morning and asking if they need anything. A quiet soothing bell sound comes from the next room over and Dean wanders over to figure out what's going on. He is greeted with one of the most beautiful sights he has ever seen. Tables filled with all the different kinds of breakfast foods you can think of, and not the cheap flavorless stuff you find at normal hotels. No this stuff is real and smells delicious. If it tastes half as good as it smells Dean is going to be in for a world of hurt. He can’t wait to eat everything.
“Down boy, he’s married,” Dean mutters, but then breaks out laughing at the look on his brother’s face. He looks so shocked and a bit scared of the shorter man. Which is ridiculous given the eight inches he has on the guy.
Dean shakes his head in amazement. No matter how the rest of the day went, seeing that streak still gave him hope that there is Christmas magic somewhere around. He turns back to the bed when something catches his eye. The suit jacket is still laying there but there is something in the inner pocket that Dean didn’t notice before. Curious he walks over and pulls out a folded piece of paper. He nearly drops in in surprise when he sees that it is the official certificate that Cas has spent the last three days searching for.
Sad boys, I know. I'm sorry! I'll fix it I promise!!!
“I’m sorry Cas,” Dean says honestly, looking down at his hands, now in his lap.
“Night Cas,” he mumbles, rolling onto his back to stare up at the ceiling. Sleep comes soon after that, sending Dean into a universe where Cas loves him back and they are in a happy relationship. They do everything they do now, but there are chaste kisses sprinkled in throughout the day, they slow dance in the living room while listening to Dean’s records, they cook meals together with Dean showing Cas how to do things, they cuddle in bed every night and every morning. Dean would give nearly anything to have and share those moments with Cas by his side.
project. Not hers. Yours. You are the one who has put your heart and soul into this thing. Your plans are amazing. You don't need to change every idea you have just because Meg doesn’t agree with it. She is not the one in charge of this thing okay? This is yours and yours alone. Got it?”
“What? You don't like it?” Dean asks incredulously. “Yours are waiting for you in the bathroom.”
Today was a good day. Dean even thinks he and Cas might end up being pretty great friends if they continue like this. One thing is for sure though, Dean needs to get laid so he can stop lusting over his daughter’s best friend’s married father.
Finally, with his bag fully packed, Dean checks the time to see he has exactly an hour and a half until his flight takes off.
“What did he do?” Claire demands, her face hardening.
Dean finds it so peaceful camping at the lake and even though he has an amazing memory foam mattress back at home, he always sleeps so well under the stars. He lets the quiet sound of the lake's waves washing over the gravel shore and the crickets singing lull him into a peaceful sleep. The only thing that would make the night any more comfortable would be if he and Cas were curled around one another, but Dean knows just how wrong that would be so he does his best to enjoy the comfort of his daughter next to him. If he just so happens to dream about a certain dark haired blue eyed man, no one needs to know but him.
“It's Sam, nice to meet you Castiel,” Sam says with a fond eye roll in his brother's direction.
“Dammit Cas!” Dean reaches out a hand and grips Castiel’s shoulders to turn him. Before Cas can protest, Dean’s lips find his in a crushing bruising kiss that is years overdue. Dean pulls away, too soon in his opinion, but he knows he needs to get these words out before they can go any further. “I have loved you for years. I just never thought you could ever love me back.”
“Mrs. Mills, I am so sorry for being late,” he says in a deep gravelly tone, slightly higher pitched than what Dean is used to hearing in their brief encounters. The change causes Dean to frown slightly. He has never seen Castiel look this frazzled.
“Surprise!” Dean says and signs when he catches sight of her. Castiel assumes the woman must be Eileen, Sam’s wife, that Dean was telling him about.
“Not a morning person I take it?” Dean asks with a small smile playing on his lips.
"Did I miss something?" Sam asked as he looked between the two.
"Dean, you do not need to witness this. Please wait in the main room for my arrival." Castiel said weakly, barely finishing before he choked up another stream of bile. Dean shook his head and knelt down beside Castiel. Dean had promised that he would always help Castiel with whatever he needed, and that included times that were more...well, gross than other times.
"Come right down here boys, I'll show you the aisle." She shuffled down the furthest aisle and showed them a long row of blue and pink things for a baby shower. She looked at Dean and smiled again. "Is it going to be a girl or a boy?"
"Commah nanaeel monons nostoah obza." Castiel said, beginning to get louder. Dean felt a light touch at the back of his mind. He closed his eyes and fell into a dream. He saw Castiel standing in front of him, everything blanked out besides the two of them in Dean's mind. The angel had two wings sprouted from his back, each one was a deep black color, glistening with sheens of violet and emerald. The limbs were stunning, now that the veil that normally covered them had been lifted. Dean felt his jaw drop as he got closer to Castiel. He reached out a hand and stroked the length of the appendage, causing them to shudder delicately. Castiel moaned, but grabbed his hand. "Dean, focus. I can only do this for so long. I need you to let me into your mind completely. No restrictions, no secrets. Okay?" Castiel asked. Dean felt his throat close, but he nodded as the entire world burst in color. Memories flew by him, both good and bad, and Castiel took in everything with wide eyes. With a final heave, Castiel swung his gaze back to Dean and placed his hand on Dean's forehead. "I hereby bond us now and forever. Dean Winchester and Castiel." Dean flew out of the dream and fell to the ground, landing on his back in the bunker, same as Castiel. His eyes danced with the lights as Sam came over to help him up.
"I...I don't know. He cut off the bond between us and he is really angry for some reason. Sammy..." Dean couldn't finish because his words got caught in his throat. Sam knew what he was going through. He used to feel the same way when him and Amelia would fight.
"I'm really sorry, Cas. But this ghost we were hunting ended up being something completely different than we thought. We're going to be gone for probably another day, okay?" Dean explained, sadness in his voice from being so far away from his husband. Cas sighed and agreed.
“Mr. Castle?” A young boy interrupts the two adults. Dean kinda chuckles at the name, Castiel is kind of a mouthful, especially for his little third graders.
To think that less than a week ago Dean wanted absolutely nothing to do with the holidays and didn't believe in such a thing as a Christmas miracle. Now here he stands in what literally looks like Santa’s workshop with a man who looks like Santa himself in a little town called Santa Claus. He reconnected with his family during the holidays, something he never thought would happen, and he fell in love with the one man he never thought he stood a chance with. There's also the possibility that said man might like him back which would really just be the ice cream on top of the pie for him. Yeah, it really did have to be a Christmas miracle for all of that to happen to Dean.
Charlie gives him a bright smile that causes Castiel’s gut to clench. “You did!”
“But you haven't been home for Christmas since…” Sam trails off and the silence from the other end of the phone is enough for Dean to understand what his brother wants to say. Even after all these years, it’s still hard for them to talk about. Sam must realize this too since he then tries a different route. “Bobby misses you.”
“Everything alright?”
Dean looks up from the plans he's going over with a couple of his guys. He finds Mark waving him over, so with a sigh he quickly finishes going over the plans then heads over to see what on Earth Mark wants.
“Me too.”
Cas just smiles before turning back into the villa to start planning for the rest of the adventure.
The two men stand shoulder to shoulder watching the kids enjoy their gummy bears and watching the antics of the panda bears. Just like the polar bears, the pandas are feeling energetic today. Although energetic might not be the best word to describe pandas. It is one of their more active days, but that only means they’re stumbling around instead of sleeping. They do get lucky and see one of the pandas try to sit on a ball only to roll off instantly. The kids laugh as they eat and it makes Cas’ day just a bit better.
Without another second of hesitation Dean rushes off in the direction Mark points him in. When he rounds the corner, his feet freeze in place. It’s not Emma, but he’s not sure if this is any better. Leaning against the fence in her dark leather jacket, ripped jeans, and combat boots is Claire. Dean can see her long curly blonde hair blowing in her face with the wind as she looks down at her phone.
“I don’t want to hear your complaints. Just know that if you do your job correctly then you have nothing to worry about,” Roman continues with that same sneer. “With that, I leave you Charlie’s hands for assignment distribution for the next issue. Remember, this may be our last meeting with everyone present. Oh, and happy holidays or whatever.”
. Glitter in his hair, on his shirt, in his mouth. It's a disaster! When Liz finds the princess tiara her eyes light up and Dean starts protesting immediately. One look into those damn puppy dog eyes that they learned from their father has him caving in a matter of moments. So now Dean sits on the floor in a giant fluffy pink tutu, covered in glitter, and wearing a tiara.
“What did you say to him?” Castiel risks saying.
Then just last week Benny informed him that this was going to be his last construction project. Dean had no words for that one. They have been working construction together for as long as he can remember. Benny told him that his dream was to always go to culinary school and become a chef, which never panned out but now he has the chance. Jesse was a professional chef when they lived in the states and volunteered to run the hotel’s kitchen when they opened. Apparently he offered to train Benny and bring him on as his sous chef too. There's no way Dean would be able to deny his friend the opportunity of following his dream so he accepted Benny’s resignation and wished him luck. Now whenever they have a free moment, Benny is usually with Jesse learning a whole bunch of traditional meals. Dean gets to try them too so he has nothing to complain about.
“Finally they found a doctor that diagnosed her with what they call Postpartum Psychosis. They got her on some medications and surprisingly they worked. Amelia got better and was able to function the way she used to again. The three of you were happy for many years,” Dean says, taking a moment to breathe.
“Would you really be willing to do that Dean?”
“Happy Gilmore,” Dean states then admits, “Well played.”
“Finally! Can we go in now?” Emma asks when they reach the deck.
“How dare you think you know what is best for
Cas thinks back to all of the time they spent together the last week. All of the soft touches. The shy smiles. The laughter. The happiness. The love. Dean loves him. And Castiel is pretty sure he loves him too.
, to feel more. He moves his hand to the back of Cas’ head to hold him close and run his fingers through the soft strands. Cas moans into his mouth sending sparks through Dean's entire body. Pulling back just slightly, so they can catch their breath, green eyes lock on blue and twin grins spread their way across their faces. The next time their lips meet they’re smiling too much but it is still perfect all at the same time. Deans not sure how long they stand there trading soft kisses back and forth and he really doesn't care.
“Ah, Winchester, how nice of you to join us. Let me guess, another pregnant woman needed your help?” Roman asks sarcastically with a sneer firmly placed on his face. At least his boss doesn’t seem to be a huge fan of Dean either.
“Seriously?” Jo asks, her eyes wide in shock. Dean nods again causing Jo to curse. “God I hate that demon!”
“Dean, it’s just Dean, please. The kids call me Mr. Dean,” He replies with a smile. As the two groups start to split up, Dean stops Gabriel before he can get too far. “Hey, so I brought a treat for the kids and it kinda goes along with a joke I have. Would you mind doing it for your group, so they all can get some?”
An hour later finds Castiel sitting in an uncomfortable hotel chair staring out the window at the night sky. The hotel room Ketch managed to get near the hotel is so stark and cold compared to the warm feeling the room at the Winters inn always gave Castiel. He even manages to complain about everything even though he was the one to pick it. The room is painted a boring beige color, the typical cheap hotel furniture you can find anywhere, and not a single Christmas decoration to be seen anywhere. It reminds Castiel of his apartment from when he was living with Ketch and he hates it. Not for the first time, Castiel starts to wonder if he made the wrong decision of going with Ketch.
“I know but I missed you so much and I couldn't go another day without seeing you,” Ketch replies in his charming British accent.
He sets down his half eaten burger and fixes Claire with a serious look. “Please open up to me Claire? It's driving me crazy not knowing what caused you to run away this morning.”
“Yeah Cas it’s fine,” Dean replies once he stops laughing. “Like you said, there’s plenty of space and anything beats sleeping on the boat again. Just try not to snore every night.”
“Oh yeah, I’m over at the Thompson residence and we got a question about the framing of the south wall with the big glass windows,” Dean explains. Cas is so quick and efficient in answering all of Dean’s questions, the conversation is almost over before it even begins. “Damn Cas, you really know your stuff.”
“And you want me to do what?” he asks for clarification.
“Um not really?” Dean’s answer is more of a question since he can’t quite seem to figure out where Cas is going with this and why he is all of a sudden angry.
The sound startles both Dean and Cas. They look around until Cas’ gaze stops on a man walking their way. Dean takes a moment to take in the man's dark hair perfectly styled and the perfectly tailored gray suit. The man eyes Dean through icy blue eyes and there's a challenge there that Dean doesn’t quite understand.
“Oh Dean dear that's not true!” Carol protests coming closer and rubbing his arm comfortingly.
“So what? You guys are dating now?”
“Me too,” Cas says quietly then hesitantly adds. “Why now?”
“What?” Dean looks at the man in shock. “How do you know?”
are, but Dean doesn’t believe that, so he ignores that part. Even Sam, the first time he met Cas, gave Dean a confused look when he explained that no he is in fact
“Hey now son, she's taken,” Chris laughs beside him.
“Well, really there are two options here; you guys can come with us and we figure out some kind of schooling for you or you guys can stay here and continue going to the school you’re currently at.”
“Most of them have been following along on Insta and everything since the beginning so when I posted this morning that we are now taking bookings they didn't even hesitate. Look there are two more now,” Charlie points to the little icon in the corner with a small number two and Dean stares in awe.
“Alright everyone, first of all thank you for all of your hard work these last few months. I know it hasn’t been easy, but just know that Cas and I appreciate all of your help. Seriously, this project is a nightmare but with all of you guys here it has been bearable.” Dean gets a few chuckles and nods of agreement. “With that said, we’ve decided to call it a day today and everyone has the next two days off.”
It only takes a few minutes for the coffee to kick in which Dean uses to study the man in front of him. Dean doesn’t remember the last time he was this comfortable with and didn’t mind sitting in a silence. Usually Dean is the one to fill the space with noise when it gets to be too quiet. But with Cas he is perfectly content to sit next to him for hours without a word said between the two. Dean has also never introduced anybody to his family but spending the day with them yesterday with Cas by his side was a dream come true. Everyone accepted Cas immediately and Dean could tell how much it meant to Cas to be surrounded by people this time of year.
“Wait! Aspen’s a big place, plus I will probably be on the slopes the whole time anyway, how about we just agree to stay out of each other’s way, and then there won’t be any issues. Sounds good?” Dean offers.
“That's alright Carol,” Dean says. “We can make it work, right Cas?”
Dean curses everything holy in the world as he walks over to his side of the bed and slides under the covers without a word. A tense silence hangs in the air around them and Dean is pretty sure he is the only one who notices it. He tries to ignore it the best he can and instead focuses on the amazingly comfortable mattress. The temptation to ask Cas what kind of mattresses he got for this place is strong but Dean’s stubbornness is stronger and he refuses to say a word. Dean can't explain why he’s sulking like a toddler that didn't get their way since nothing has changed. There should really be no reason why Dean is acting like this now.
“Thank you Chris,” Dean says honestly. He looks around the room in search of a familiar head of dark hair but he can’t seem to find Cas anywhere within the crowd. “Have you guys seen Cas yet?”
“Can we stay here forever?” Cas mumbles next to Dean after they settle into the sand, snow cones in hand.
“Dean, good to see you again,” Jesse greets him with a firm handshake.
Dean shrugs and exits the vehicle with Claire right behind him. He orders them both bacon burgers, fries, and shakes. Vanilla for himself and chocolate for Claire. It's still a relatively warm day for being the middle of October so the two of them find a table outside before digging into their food. Dean only lasts about ten minutes before his curiosity gets the better of him.
Dean has no idea how much time passes before Castiel creeps back into the room. The guy is silent and if Dean were actually asleep he would’ve had no idea Cas even came back to the room. He feels eyes staring at him, but refuses to acknowledge the other man. Castiel goes about his nightly routine and when the lamp goes out it doesn’t take long for Dean to hear the soft even breathing coming from the other bed signalling Cas is asleep. Dean rolls over and stares at the ceiling. Eventually, sleep comes to him.
Thick black frames perch on the bridge of Castiel’s nose marking his eyes bigger and bluer. Something Dean didn’t think was possible. He always knew Castiel’s eyes were blue, they’re really freaking hard to not notice. Now though, they are a mix of dark blues from the ocean and light blues from the sky. Coming together to form a burst of color that draws you in and drowns you until you don't know which way is up.
“Where do we start?” Cas asks, looking at Dean for guidance.
She rolls her eyes at him as if everything is obvious. “Sex, Dean. I’m talking about sex. Poor Castiel is wound up so tight he just about jumped at the opportunity to destress a bit.” The evil spark in her eyes returns and she even wiggles her eyebrows slightly, causing Dean to scowl.
“Dean, you need to calm down,” His little brother interrupts his thoughts.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks from his side. Dean can hear genuine concern in the man’s voice.
“What do you mean? It's a big piece and could really help my career,” Dean answers, hoping Cas will accept it and move in. Of course, that's not the case though.
“Arrangements made by whom?” Cas steps in finally. He shakes both Cesar’s and Jesse’s hands when offered.
Castiel rolls his eyes and grabs his own toiletries and change of clothes before moving into the bathroom. He shuts the door and sure enough hanging on the back of the door is his own set of green and red striped pajamas. Shaking his head Castiel decides to take a quick shower to rinse off the stale airplane scent. He goes through the rest of his normal nightly routine and then returns to the main room. Dean is curled up on his side facing the wall and appears to already be asleep. Castiel crawls into the bed which feels way too big compared to his full back at his apartment. Sleep takes a while to come, but eventually he falls into a dreamless sleep.
“Dean, we have to take out the concrete in the kitchen.”
“Four days ago?” Dean replies looking at Castiel for confirmation. Has it really only been four days since they’ve been there?
“Hi, I’m Dean,” Dean says, extending his own hand.
“Dear Santa, It's me Oscar. This year I would really like a mega star scooter in blue. I promise to share with my brother, Colby, even though he doesn’t share his candy with me.” Dean reads aloud. The letter makes him smile. He remembers a time when he and Sammy would write letters to Santa when they were kids.
“Cas, trust me alright?” Green eyes bore into his blue ones. Castiel gets lost in the sunny forest for a moment before nodding his head and letting Dean pull him to the rental counter.
Two years later!
“I really liked the one with the gummy bears!”
“Dean?” Castiel’s low gravelly voice brings him back to the present.
“Just come on,” Dean replies heading towards the door he just came in not too long ago. With a frown Castiel gets up to follow grabbing his trench coat from the back of the coach on his way. The cold winter air hits him hard and he instantly starts to shiver. Dean hands him his surprisingly still full and hot coffee cup. He takes it gratefully letting the heat seep through to his hands and brings the cup up to his face to relish in the delicious smell of coffee. “You can drink it too, you know?”
-- -- --
The remainder of the boat ride Dean and Cas sit pressed together. Dean has his arms around Cas’ waist with one of Cas’ hands resting atop and Dean’s chin resting on Cas’ shoulder. This is the most physical and intimate they have ever been while being fully conscious and Dean is already craving more of it. It feels natural and comfortable. The two things that Dean always thought you should feel when with the person you love and are with, but he has never been able to truly reach that point. With Cas though, they have had that level of comfort for as long as Dean can remember. If Cas could just love him back then Dean’s life would be complete. But for now this is enough.
“December 23rd 1842,” Castiel reads out loud. “1842?”
some love for this amazing art! It was an absolute pleasure working with her and I love the scenes she chose to do and the colors and everything I just love it all so much!
“What do you mean it didn’t come in?”
“Thanks Cas, I appreciate that,” Dean says honestly. His throat tightens, knowing what comes next. The thing that set everything off in the first place. He’s not sure he's ready to address the issues but Cas doesn’t give him time to prolong it any further.
The moon and stars light up the night sky just enough to allow Dean to see the dark ocean waves lapping at the shore. He gets lost in thought, watching the continual motion of the water coming and going. His feelings for Cas have completely gotten out of control and the divorce has given him a sliver of hope that shrivels more and more as time goes on. If Cas loved, or even
“Hey kiddos I have a joke for all you,” Dean announces to the group. Here it comes, the teacher does this every year and the kids love it each time. “What do you call a bear with no teeth?”
“That's so good to hear about Sam! I haven’t seen him in awhile, maybe he would want to meet for coffee sometime? Oh that sounds great! Could you maybe ask him for me?” Becky rambles. Dean can feel his headache getting worse. It was already bad from having to deal with his guys and the plans missing some key bits of information. To be fair these are one of the better drawing sets he's gotten from Shurley Engineering. He doesn’t recognize the initials on the plans, so he’s guessing it's a new hire at the firm.
“Don’t believe me huh? Alright fine, tell me that fact that you’ve learned from your stupid books.”
“I don't need any of that sir stuff, ya idjit, Bobby will do just fine. Now come on in so we can eat!” He says over his shoulder. Castiel's own shoulders drop a bit not knowing what to make of that last interaction. He wants to make a good impression with Dean’s family and somehow he feels like he messed up with one of the most important people in Dean’s life. Sam and the girls follow Bobby down the hall and a hand on his lower back shocks Castiel. He turns to see Dean looking at him with happiness in his eyes.
“Do you even know how long it has been since I’ve kissed anyone Dean?” Cas asks, finally striding ahead and turning to face Dean, halting their walking. “Sixteen years! I have gone sixteen years with not even a kiss! Excuse me for getting a little carried away when someone actually shows interest in me for once.”
“Dean, somehow we didn't pay the electricity bill so they’re asking for $4,000 by the end of the day or they’ll shut the power off.”
“It's fine Dean,” Cas replies but his tone is tense so Dean doesn't know if it's actually fine. “I’m more upset about the fact that finding that certificate is nearly impossible and I won't have anything for my article.”
Chris must see something in Dean’s face or his tone was harsher than what was required because the older man accepts the answer and doesn’t push for more information. For that Dean is grateful, he doesn’t like talking about it or even thinking about it.
“Sammy does his own thing for Christmas, I’ll see them for New Years which works perfectly for me this year since we were supposed to be in Aspen.” It’s a half lie which Dean thinks is better than a whole lie. Castiel seems to accept the answer, but now Dean is curious. “What about you? Do you have any family you usually spend the holidays with?”
Now it's Dean’s turn to beam with pride at his daughter's accomplishments. “That a girl, Em!”
“Dad, come on!” Emma calls from the other side of the pool area. Cas takes Dean’s hand and leads them over to where their daughters are waiting for them.
Dean chuckles, “She wanted a piece of my chocolate bar! And trust me it takes a lot of charm for me to be willing to share my chocolate with someone.”
“That sounds amazing,” Castiel says. It really does sound pretty fun.
It broke Dean’s heart. He didn’t just love Lisa. He loved Ben too, as if he was his own son. To lose them both without any warning was brutal. What made it worse was little Emma asking where Ben was every day for months before she finally stopped asking. From that point forward Dean vowed to never get involved with another person that he wasn’t 100% sure would stick around. The few people he has dated since then have never been introduced to Emma and he plans on keeping it that way until he finds the one that he knows will stick around.
A massive rundown building with cracked walls and broken windows. Dean thinks it's a long abandoned hotel and the small buildings they saw before are little huts or bungalows. They wander through the grounds and find more and more buildings in similar shape to the main hotel. Dean wonders how long the place has been abandoned and if it is still even safe for the buildings to be standing.
Morning comes early, Dean waking up minutes before the sun is supposed to rise. He tries his best to be silent, as to not wake the others, but there is only so much one can do while stuck in a cramped tent with three others. Luckily Emma is a deep sleeper and there could be fireworks going off right outside the tent and she still wouldn’t wake up. Cas on the other hand is not too heavy of a sleeper since he pops his head up as Dean makes his way to the tent flap. Dean freezes when he is caught and takes in the sight of his friend. Which is a huge mistake.
Dean tries his absolute best to get himself back in control and attempts to smile his most charming smile. “Whale hello there, I’m Dean Winchester.”
“Oh yes!” Dean turns back the fridge searching for something to make. He’s not really feeling a full meal and definitely not feeling anything healthy. “How do cookies sound?”
daughter,” Cas’ words almost cause Dean to flinch. Almost. “I am her father, not you. You don't get a say in how I raise my daughter or any of the decisions regarding her.”
“I don't want another set of parents to split up. I can’t go through that again,” Claire says looking at them.
Dean pulls himself back to the present, with Claire sitting next to him staring out the windshield at nothing in particular.
“Now, these guys are jaguars. They can actually be found in some parts of the US and are the largest cat in the Americas,” Cas explains while pointing out the two sleeping cats.
FLUFF!!
“Castiel Novak,” he states while holding out a hand for them both to shake.
Castiel immediately curses himself for even having an ounce of hope that Ketch actually came back for him and not some dumb tie.
“Dean, please talk to me,” Cas begs, looking like he's on the brink of tears.
, to break the awkwardness now surrounding them.
Cas’ eyes flick back and forth between the other two men and Dean can see how uncomfortable he is. “Um Ketch this is Dean, Dean this is Arthur Ketch.”
“It's Castiel. And yes I have heard of football before.” Dean can hear the eye-roll he knows Castiel just did. The game does its job of distracting him for a while but then the whole cabin shakes and Dean drops the game to his lap before gripping the armrests in another death grip. A literary of curse words slip out of his mouth while the plane continues getting blown side to side by powerful bursts of wind.
“Oh, you’re very welcome Castiel dear! How did you sleep?” The sweet elderly lady asks.
“Well let’s see if I can remember another fun fact for you guys then,” Castiel really does have to think hard for an interesting fact that the kids haven’t said yet. “Did you guys know that even though in stories and movies the lion is known as the king of the jungle lions don’t actually live there? They prefer the open savannah and grasslands over a whole bunch of trees.”
“Sorry it’s been bugging me for a while,” Cas mumbles quietly leaving his hand resting on Dean’s chest.
“Nope! No bad news here!” Charlie says brightly.
They've been working for hours. They’re tired. They’re hungry. Maybe it's time to call it a day. With his mind made up Dean pushes Cas back again, keeping his hands on his shoulders and bending slightly to be at eye level.
No. Dean shakes his head, still focused on the lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where did you learn to dance?” Castiel asks.
He sees Chris walk to the main entrance and greet someone. They hand him a few letters and then a giant sack. His curiosity peaked Dean watches as Chris brings the giant sack to the table in front of him and dump it out. Hundreds and hundreds of letters come pouring out of the sack. Dean catches a few addressed to Santa Claus.
Castiel waves them out, already preparing for his next class. He erases the white board and starts anew, writing the topic of the day in his favorite green marker. They’re in the poetry unit, one of his personal favorites, and are focusing on the nineteenth century this week. The class has already discussed Poe and Dickinson, and today they will discuss E. E. Cummings. Next week they move on to the famous twentieth and twenty-first century poets. At the end of the unit he will challenge his students to pick their favorite poet and recreate one of their famous poems in their own words. Some students love it and some absolutely hate it, but that's how it goes for anything he teaches. He is a high school English teacher, after all. At least he isn’t teaching math.
Those are not things Dean is used to.
“Hello Dean, what brings you to town? More research?” Castiel asks with a slight teasing tone to his voice.
“CJN please?” he asks, a bit of irritation seeping into his tone.
She doesn’t say it as a question and Dean can hear hints of pity trickling into her tone. He used to get mad when he would hear things like that, but now they just make him feel more defeated than anything. “No, and I’m not planning on it either.”
“Not a problem Cas, I seriously don’t mind,” Dean replies with an easy smile.
“Not really.”
The bed may have not been comfortable but damn those complementary pajamas are the most comfortable things he has ever worn.
Suddenly soft footsteps can be heard around the room and the bathroom light flicks on before the door closes quietly. Dean waits motionless for Castiel to do whatever he has to do in the middle of the night. A few minutes go by and the bathroom door opens, bright light spilling into the room before Cas turns it off. Expecting Cas to get back into bed it surprises Dean when the bedroom door opens and Cas slips out into the hallway.
“Hey there Cas.”
“Ew! Jo come on! I so did not need to know that.” Dean protests, scrunching up his nose in disgust. Jo cackles in response, standing up and getting rid of the bottle before pulling Benny up with her. She walks him backwards, pushing him back to the bedroom while he just offers a shrug in response. With a shit eating grin, Benny wraps his arms around Jo and picks her up, causing her to squeal and laugh. Benny sends Dean a final wink before shutting the bedroom door between them. Dean can’t help but laugh lightly at their antics.
“Where did you see her last?” Dean finally asks after he's convinced Cas wont hyperventilate again.
“Castiel, you are one of the most beautiful human beings I have ever seen. You deserve something much more than something that just looks good planned out on paper,” Dean says honestly.
Castiel quickly scans through the article and sees that Dean managed to find the certificate in Chris’ jacket.
“Really I’m doing it for Cassie. That kid needs someone in his life and I think you would be good for him.”
Castiel just looks at him. His face full of a mixture of amusement and fondness. “Thank you, Dean, you also look great.”
“Hey guys, I was just going to step outside for a breath of fresh air real quick,” Dean says and his voice is off too. Somethings wrong but Cas doesn’t know what it is. He wants to stay and figure it out, make sure Dean is okay. Ketch has different plans though because Cas can feel him getting agitated and impatient. Dean's face softens slightly and his shoulders drop from where they were held tight with tension. “It’s okay. You can go.”
Dean heads up to the room to deposit the gifts and to get ready for the party. When he gets there he only sees one suit laid out on the bed with a little not with his name on it. Surprisingly it's not red! The suit is a bright blue color (which kind of reminds him of Cas’ eyes) with a checkered pattern in darker blue. Honestly, he loves it and paired with the only fancy shirt he brought, a plain black button-down, he thinks it'll look pretty good as long as it fits.
“I didn’t think it mattered okay!” Dean argues, a little bit of anger creeping into his voice that tells Castiel to back off. “I'm sorry.”
“Welcome to town!” Dean says with a smile.
Dean stares after him before starting the short walk back home.
Apparently that didn’t work as well as he thought it would. People have told him that it only takes five minutes in the presence of both Dean and Cas to notice how deeply in love Dean is. They actually say how deeply in love they
Cas wouldn’t do any of that if he didn’t return Dean’s feelings right? Cas doesn’t have to be in love with him back right away, Dean isn’t expecting that. But if Cas would give him a chance? A chance to prove that Dean can be a good partner and treat Castiel right like he deserves then Dean would be the happiest person in the world.
When the sun starts to set they pack up and head back to the boat. Everyone is exhausted from their day of fun in the sun and it shows when the majority of them pass out on the boat ride back to the hotel. Dean and Benny make a simple dinner for everyone and they eat on the pool deck, watching the sun set over the horizon. Sam and Jess retire early with Mary to one of the other completed villas with the promise of a full tour the next day. Charlie and Jo head back to Jesse and Cesar's place not long after. With the party over, Benny hops back in his boat for the night and the rest head back to their villa.
“Awesome,” Dean breathes out in relief.
“Ah yes! I seem to be missing my lucky tie and am hoping it’s here! I need it for the big family and friends Christmas dinner this year,” Ketch explains, clapping his hands together.
Just as he predicted Dean’s stomach starts to grumble signaling to Dean it's time for food. With one last glance at Cas, Dean forces himself to walk away and out the door. The breakfast room is teeming with people like it always is and the delicious smells of breakfast foods fill the air. He’s really going to miss this in a few days when they have to leave. Carol brings over a plate stacked high with his favorite for him, how she always knows exactly what he wants he will never know. She also brings over a mug of that delicious coffee that Dean loves made perfectly to his liking.
“Chris, what are these?” Dean asks.
“Morning Cas!” Dean greets with a bright smile. Cas responds with a grunt before downing half his cup. Dean loves how grumpy Castiel is in the morning before he has his coffee, he reminds Dean of a cat that got woken up before he was ready. It really is adorable. Not wanting to show Castiel his article, Dean waits for Cas to wake up enough to say what he came over to say before Dean gets back to work.
“Shush Sammy, you're on vacation and this little girl deserves some shaved iced, got it?” Dean frowns at his brother and then smiles at Mary. “Besides, Missouri only uses the good stuff! It's way better than the artificial sweetener crap they have back in the states.”
Cas’ poem is not mine, some of y’all might recognize it as one of
“You can't break up!”
“What about the hotel?” Cas asks quietly, his voice scratchy and hoarse.
“Yes! I know the place for the best conch,” Cesar says as he starts walking to one of the shops.
“Dean…”
Dean realizes his hand is still on Cas’ knee and reluctantly moves it back to his own body before they go back to staring out the window in silence. Time passes but neither seem to notice or care. Castiel is a solid presence beside him that he takes comfort in. For the first time since this whole thing started Dean is incredibly grateful that Castiel is the one that is on this trip with him.
Blinking up at him, as if he's shocked someone is talking to him, the man replies. “Oh um, yes I am. Long morning is all.”
“Maybe a little bit for cutting school, but I’m sure you had a reason for it and if you explain that to your dad I’m pretty sure he would understand.”
— — —
“No, it's not for research,” Dean scoffs. “I was actually hoping you could come with me. I want to show you something.”
“Dean,” She replies, her voice sounding a little off but clear nevertheless. Dean embraces her in a warm hug just like he has done with the rest of his family. When they break apart Eileen looks at Dean expectantly before looking at Cas and back again.
“Huh?”
“Dean…”
“Agreed! Clean and professional is optimal-”
One more day wouldn't hurt right?
“Just give me some time and then things will be fine enough for us to work together again,” Cas mumbles, turning and taking a step away from Dean.
Dean would be perfectly content if he could stay here just like this for the rest of his life.
As Jody and Cas talk more about the after school care program offered, Dean focuses his attention on the girls. Emma and Claire have been inseparable since that very first day. All Dean has heard about is Claire this and Claire that. He is absolutely thrilled his daughter made a friend and made the new girl feel welcomed at the school. At parent teacher conferences, Jody complimented him on raising such a happy friendly little girl who always does her best to include everyone. Dean’s heart swelled with pride when he heard that and he'd nearly teared up.
“I don't believe you,” Castiel is smiling now.
His phone buzzes in his pocket with an incoming call and Dean knows it can only be one of two people. Either Benny with a problem at the site, or… Castiel.
“You’re really not that complicated,” Castiel replies with one of those ‘all-knowing’ looks the guy has mastered.
“Dean!” Cas calls again, closer this time. Dean hears footsteps rushing towards him and he knows he can’t get away this time. Quickly wiping at his eyes to get rid of all evidence of emotion, Dean turns to face Cas head on with his mask in full effect, but with a few more cracks around the edges.
Cas rolls his eyes. He knows Dean doesn’t like her, since Dean has told him explicitly multiple times. “Yes Dean. I need help here too, you know? I can’t redesign an entire hotel by myself!”
“I don’t know, run the bar maybe? I know how to do that pretty well and I wouldn’t mind being out at the poolside bar either,” she smiles at the thought and the two men smile with her.
Actually that’s not a bad idea. Castiel sits up and slides his glasses back into their place. He looks at the elderly woman sitting in the chair across from him. Instantly he goes into his journalist slash researcher mode.
“What do you mean?” Claire speaks up, squinting at the two men.
“After.”
Dean is grateful for the topic change away from love but he’s not sure if this is any better.
“What if it’s not?”
Ketch gives him the same unimpressed look he does when Cas does something he doesn’t approve of, but luckily he doesn't push the issue this time and moves on.
“I was planning on going yes,” Cas replies looking at Dean with his head tilted slightly to the side.
Dean locates their spot and parks Baby before stepping out and breathing in the fresh air. There is nothing like going out into the forest and enjoying some quality time in the wilderness to embrace the arrival of summer. Ever since Emma was old enough to enjoy it, Dean has taken her out to the lake every year. Somehow Emma forgets and is always shocked when they arrive. Her surprise and excitement causes Dean to smile from ear to ear until his cheeks start to hurt.
“Alright I guess it’s settled then?” Castiel asks, looking around the room. They all nod their heads, smiling.
“Seriously? And y’all didn't tell me?” Dean asks, a little hurt. “Why didn’t you guys say anything?”
“I didn’t…” Cas trails off as the headline pops up. “How two writers found Christmas magic just in time to save a historic inn. By Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester.”
“Really Dean? I tell you we are landing in a town literally called Santa Claus and you focus on the Indiana part?” Castiel asks, disbelief clear on his face. Dean chooses to ignore the question and focus back on the seat in front of him. Soon he will be back on solid ground and he can deal with everything else later.
"Sorry Charlie, I think Sam already claimed that title." He joked. Sam rolled his eyes but pulled his brother and his mate into a hug. Charlie joined in until Dean pushed out of the embrace. "Enough hugging for one day!"
"Okay, so now I'm going to go off on my own rant separate from the video I just watched." Castiel said, the screen just showing him now.
The producer looked at Jonathan. Jonathan, with his heart of gold who wanted to help anyone and everyone he could. “You know that’s not in the budget right? It would take some extreme string-pulling with Netflix. Have you even talked to your co-stars about this?”
"Hi little one! You're getting bigger, aren't you? But don't worry because we love you very much." Dean said out loud. He placed a kiss on Castiel's belly button and stood up. Dean wrapped his arms around his husband and leaned down to kiss him too. Cas smiled and sighed happily. The bond glowed a joyful pink and warm amber contentment.
"Yeah, I know. But, even if I put this on the Internet and say John Winchester punched me in the face, nothing will happen to him, because something is wrong with that fucker and no matter what I do, I can't get him caught. I tried to call the police when I was ten and he tried to beat me, and the cops just laughed it off as a prank call. I tried to stop him from hurting Sam once, but the woman I got to help only came after Dad was gone and Sam was asleep. I can't..." Dean pressed his face into his hands an took a deep breathe.
"Okay Cas. We agreed. No hunting or mojo once we got to month six. That means no flying to the kitchen when you get midnight munchies, no poofing yourself to the bathroom anymore, capishe?" Dean said to the frowning angel. Castiel nodded and looked down at the floor.
"Dean! Beloved, please! Answer me!" Cas yelled as he ran to the slumped body of his husband. Sam felt tears swell behind his eyes, but he pushed then back and felt for a pulse on Dean's neck. He sighed in relief as he found it, weak, but still pumping.
"She told me this may happen. And that you would probably kill me no matter what, so I might as well tell you. Naomi has Dean. She is keeping him so I can maintain a link for his memories and demeanor. I was suppose to keep an eye on you and tell Heaven what I saw. They then told me that if I hurt you emotionally, then you could go into premature labor, which would most likely kill both the nephilims." He admitted. He looked up at Sam, then to Castiel. "I apologize, but they were going to kill my family and me if I didn't. I will tell you where he is, just...please don't kill me!" He pleaded, breaking into a pile of sobs. Castiel exchanged looks with Sam before nudging him with the knife.
Castiel frowned, though, as he watched the video progress. "Do we end up getting together? I seem really sad. I don't think I've cried like that since...high school." Castiel said. "Wow, Dean seems really upset that we aren't getting together." He noted with an even deeper frown etched into his face. "It's just a story."
so Dean gave her a wide grin.
"I didn't know that things could be lighter than other drinks. I would very much enjoy to start out with something like this." Cas decided, and the man ordered another shot for Cas, and Cas went to sip it, but the man laughed and shook his head.
"Greatest fear." Castiel decided, and Dean widened his eyes a little bit, and he looked at his cards.
"Hey, you know who I am, and I need to talk about something. I know a lot of you guys don't normally like rants, but this needs to be fucking said. Excuse my language as well, but I need to get everything out right now." He said, before he took a deep breath, calming himself only slightly.
Hey, I'm not on my laptop all the time! I sometimes go outside! Jeez, Dean's bb Cas, you're a tough writer." Dean said, only joking in his voice. "
"DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT I MEAN? If we do this, not only would be bonded for this lifetime, but your soul would literally be binded to mine until it withered away when I did. Which won't be for another three millennium!" He shouted at Dean. Dean straightened and turned his smile into a tight line.
Dean laughed internally and felt a wave of fluffy inquiry wash over the bond.
"Well, I'm here for you Cas, I promise you that." Dean said, snapping Castiel out of his trance. He realized that 1) He was fantasizing about a good friend. 2) Not even two seconds had passed. And 3) Dean called him Cas. And he liked it.
Wait, why does loving me make him angry?" The man asked, his brow furrowed in both confusion and in a slight pout. "
"Oh, Dean. I missed you so much. I am sorry about the bar incident. It was my fa-" Cas tried to explain before Dean silenced him with a passionate kiss.
"Stop being a jerk." Sam smiled. The fake Dean smiled back.
"Sam!" Cas yelled as the random angel lunged at the Winchester. Sam side stepped with precision and stabbed at the angel's chest. White light poured out of his wound and features as he fell to the ground. Sam looked up at Castiel who was fighting off another angel. Castiel pierced her and she fell to the floor, wings searing the ground. Another of Dean's screams rang out and Castiel and Sam broke into a sprint again. They came to a room that was obviously locked. Cas could feel the pain of his mate as he was so close to him. It was unbelievable that Dean had lasted this long, let along had the strength to give back the remarks to Naomi's questions. Sam knelt down to the lock and started to pick it and Cas looked up and down the halls for more threats, but found none. A click rang out as the door unlocked, Sam opening it hastily.
Why are emotions so basic in this? Why can't I be happy that I love a cool guy like Cas?
“Team FreeWill,” Dean answered smoothly. “There’s some trouble getting a 1099 and some other paperwork so I guess we’re not official because we’re not government recognized, but we still do the work. Luckily, we don’t have to pay for this house. Some people insist on cutting us checks, but it just goes right back into the work we do, paying for gas mileage and lodging since we travel all over the country for our clients. We honestly don’t keep anything we get.”
Dean laughed out loud and turned to face Castiel. He placed a light kiss on the angel's lips and smiled.
"Did you actually make this, Cas?!"
How could they have forgotten to tell Charlie??
"Its never gonna be a bother to grill a burger. I'll be in the kitchen." Dean said before going to the kitchen and making dinner. Three burgers and a little bit of ice cream later, Team Free Will sat in the library with the projector set up.
"I...I wanted a drink...b-but I had no idea what to get." Castiel croaked out, every word becoming easier to speak, but that didn't mean it was easy to talk about it. "I-I asked the man beside me, and he told me that the gold liquid was not too strong, and after a few shots of that...I-I went to something stronger. B-But everything changed after I came back from the bathroom. I-I couldn't speak...I-I could hardly move..." Castiel shut his eyes tightly, the events of the night before all too clear in his mind.
"When I put this away, there were exactly thirty-four cookies left. Now, I ate thirty-three and the last is missing." Castiel explained, looking through the container and on the floor in case he dropped it. Dean chuckled.
"How am I suppose to do this? Just say it? Or...what?"
"Your wings are very flashy. Whats that all about?" Dean asked, laughing a little when Cas rolled his eyes at the hunter.
"Didj'a tell them?" Dean asked, before he came in and sat down. "Hey! So, yeah! We live together now! The break is over, and we'll be making videos again! Both of us. I feel a lot better now. I've been getting all your messages and gifts, and I just want to say thank you so much. We both do. Cas has been nothing but nice to me this whole time, and with you guys showing your support with something I was really worried about...it just proves to show you're the best fans of all." Dean beamed.
"My sincerest apologies, Charlie. I did not expect the 'mood swing'." Castiel explained, but Charlie just smiled good naturedly.
"You better. Because so help me Father I will smite you if you didn't." He threatened, sending a playful anger through the bond. Dean responded with a faked disappointment.
"Cas? What is that paint for?" Sam asked, rolling up his sleeves and getting ready to open up the bucket of paint. Cas shook his head and smiled.
This chapter is going to be formatted a little bit differently, as it won't be a video. It'll be kinda like a regular fan fic. You'll see. I know it's been awhile since I updated, but I was just looking over it and figured I could add to the chapters. TW: Depiction of a panic attack
"That makes far more sense than I originally thought..." He mused, taking another bite of cereal.
The screen went black for a long time, about twenty seconds, before it flickered to life again. But instead of Dean's face, it was Sam's concerned face.
Charlie was wearing a long, sleek dress that nearly matched the color of Sam's shirt. It was strapless, accentuated by a loose necklace hanging around her neck. Her red hair was piled atop her head in an updo, with a curl hanging down the side of her face. She was beaming as she held onto a bouquet of white and red flowers, almost dancing down the aisle. Once the pair got to Dean, the traditional wedding dirge started, signaling the small group to stand. Then, Castiel opened the doors and began walking towards Dean.
"You say 'I, Samuel Winchester, give my blessing to my kin, Dean Winchester and Castiel, Angel of Thursday, to mate their souls for all eternity.' I will handle the rest." Castiel clarified. Sam scoffed.
"Dean and I were watching the movie
"So, your pregnant. Great. But is it going to hurt you?" Sam asked, worry lining his face. Dean stiffened at the thought. Had he hurt his angel? Like he hurt all the other people he ever cared about in his life?
Dean could feel Cas turn to look at him, as well as the confusion in his mind about the base of the question.
"Well, lets make a compromise. Not black, but not blue or pink either. How about...red? Or maybe like a light green? Something that isn't for specific genders." Sam suggested, and Dean perked up.
"SAM! Where are you? We need to go to Walmart so-" Dean stopped upon seeing a woman standing in the middle of the room. She was frowning, her face creased with worry lines. She had short, dark brown hair and serious blue eyes. She had her hands folded across her middle, looking at Dean with a stern expression.
"I just want to make sure the fans are okay. I've already sold some tickets. Would they refund it?" Dean asked in concern, and Castiel shook his head sadly.
"Good. Lets get into the library and start setting up. Charlie, can you wrap things?" Sam asked, handing her the wrapping paper once she nodded. Sam and Dean left her in the garage with the presents to wrap. They went into the bunker and began to decorate. It wasn't much, but the pale streamers and the balloons made the room look much nicer. Charlie came in, almost sweating through her black 'The Angels Have the Phonebox' T-shirt.
"Where's what Cas?" Dean asked.
Sam ran up the stairs and outside to the car. When he came back, Castiel was standing at the table in the library. He was sobbing into the sleeve of his trench coat, a pitiful sight that made Sam sprint to the weeping angel and pull him into a hug, hesitant of the baby bump that protruded from the top of his pants.
"I am so happy for you Dean." He whispered. Dean patted him on the back and smiled at him.
"Okay, Dean. Just get home safely. I love you."
"I don't know who Naomi is. Crowley, what did you do to me? That name...it scares me." Castiel whimpered into Dean's side. Dean looked at Crowley with anger pulsing through his stare.
"Well, Dean! We'll be doing something to get to know one another even more! The Newly-Friend game! As seen by some other YouTubers, this game has us write down the answers to certain questions, and the other person has to guess the answer. Whoever gets the most right wins!"
"No. But I am not most angels, so it may be some sort of human sickness that is lightly affecting me. Do not concern yourself with it. I am sure it is nothing." Dean snorted at the statement, looking over at his boyfriend.
"He's a prisoner of Heaven, which means...that's where he is. We have to break into Heaven."
But he knew better.
"Wow. Cas, they're beautiful. And Dean? We have to put the furniture in here soon. Wanna just do it now?" Sam asked. Dean nodded and kissed Castiel once before following Sam out to the garage to get the assembled cribs and the rest of the furniture. Another hour and the room was complete. Beneath each pair of wings was one of the cribs. The light carpet contrasted well with the red walls, each crib painted black. Inside Dean and Cas' room were two bayonets on each side of the bed. One came from Jody that she had recommended from dealing with her own son. The other was brought by Sam after Dean made him go to Babies R' US. Everything was ready for the twins.
Sam grinned and nodded. “Yeah, I know. But they’re really sweet guys and they just want to help Dean build his confidence.”
"No! He is not dead! I would know...but Sam, I'm really scared." Cas said, shrinking into a chair.
"They just...don' care 'bout me no more!" Cas slurred, his blue eyes trying to focus on the man beside him. "It's stu-pid!" Castiel exclaimed, spilling his current drink. He then wrinkled his nose. "I...must urinate." He mumbled, shuffling to the restroom near the bar, getting a fond chuckle from the man.
"I will be in a moment. Just...hold on." Cas panted, trying to catch his breath. A light came from his eyes and mouth. Sam shut his eyes and waited for the light to subside. In front of him was Castiel in his normal attire...but he had no baby bump to speak of, and yet he was smiling.
"It would appear so. But I recommend against it unless it is truly necessary." Cas demanded. Dean nodded in agreement.
"Hello, sweet cheeks. What can I do for you?" She asked, showing a smile of pearly white teeth. Cas thought for a moment before sitting at the stool and responding.
"I-I wan' ta...g-go home." Castiel sobbed, full tears coming down his face as the man pressed inside of him painfully, but his thick tongue and numb body would not respond to his mind's screams of pain. It wasn't until the thick length was fully seated inside of him that the door opened, making Cas open his tear soaked eyes, somewhat blinded by the brighter light from the hallway.
"That...that is impossible! That can't be!" Castiel shouted, now pacing. Dean felt a string of foreign disbelief and anger course through his head. It only took a second to realize that he was feeling Castiel's emotions, not his own.
"Dean! Dean, answer me!" Sam yelled through the empty warehouse that Dean had been taken to by the witch they were hunting. Castiel was by his side with a long knife and a worried expression. "Cas, can you hear him?"
"Aww, don't pout. Come on, we have one last question to do. What's your worst fear? I'm going to say that your worst fear is..." Dean's face softened a bit when he saw Castiel's face, which was a bit desperate. Turns out this would be a deep video as well as a fan pleaser. "Judgement."
Dean approached the gate with a weary look in his eyes. It was a four hour flight. Dean was terrified of flying. Dean gripped a stress ball that his therapist had given him, squeezing it so hard that it felt like it was about to pop. It was a pretty accurate description of Dean at the moment too. So stressed that he might pop. Castiel put his hand on Dean's shoulder.
"One...two...three" Sam said, putting out a rock. Cas had paper and looked up at Sam.
"Yeah, I really hoped to keep this a secret. Well, at least to the bad guys." Dean said, Castiel murmuring an agreement. Dean leaned down to get eye level with Castiel's stomach. "Daddy is going to keep you safe sweetheart. No worries." He cooed, planting a kiss on Cas' stomach. Cas blushed wildly as red hot embarrassment painted his mind. Sam cleared his throat and frowned.
"He wants to come back, but I don't know when he'll make another video...so I guess we'll all see. Thanks guys, and wish him well."
"Yes, I capishe." He grumbled. Dean smiled and added a little bit through the bond, because Sam would kill him otherwise.
"Makes sense. I would do the same thing if my girlfriend was out of town. Is he away on business?" She asked, looking honestly curious. Castiel thought for a second.
“This just took a major turn,” Karamo told the camera. “I thought it was strange when Sam was playing the No-Pronouns game, but now? I get it. So, if getting Dean to admit his feelings for Cas is one of the end goals here, we’re going to have to get to know Cas a little to figure out how to approach things. Ideally, he likes Dean the way he is, but won’t mind a little improvement. It never hurts to impress and go the extra mile.”
"Hi there." The woman greeted at the front of the hotel. "How may I help you both?"
"She really got him, didn't she? Just hope that she doesn't show up. That is all I have to say. And before you ask why I helped you, it's because I hate that angel bitch." Crowley said, then he disappeared. Cas had wide eyes and could barely move. Dean could feel sickly yellow fear and horrible confusion streaming through Castiel's mind.
"What do they win?"
Dean looked at him in awe. He sent some reassurance shooting through the bond and squeezed Cas' hand.
"Nope." Dean popped the 'p' and kept his hands over Cas' eyes. "Just wait until we get to the library." Dean shuffled behind Cas, prodding him forward. Cas tried to peek though the bond, but Dean laughed and clamped it tighter. "No peeking!" Finally, Cas knew they had gotten into the library when he felt the room open up. Dean peeled his hands away from Cas' eyes.
"Night you two, see ya in the morning."
"Did you think they were gonna be cheap? Just because we were, doesn't mean you would ever allow your little princess to have anything hard in her life. I feel sorry for whoever tries to date her." Sam cooed, and Dean paled.
"Hi, babe. I'm sorry about everything earlier. I was being a dumbass." Dean apologized, mumbling into Castiel's neck as he hugged him.
Cas winked and sent incredibly suggestive thoughts towards a punishment. Dean laughed out loud to try and hide his slight embarrassment. Sam just glared at him.
"Tell us and we will go and find him. If we do not succeed, you die. If we do, then we'll 'cross that bridge' when we get there." Castiel said harshly. Sam took him down to the dungeon and made sure he was secure. Then, Sam ran back up with a pale face.
"I love you too, Dean Winchester."
The sound was horrible to hear. It was disbelieving and crippled, and it broke Cas apart to hear it.
"I am Castiel Winchester. Angel of the Lord and not the person that you planned on assaulting. Leave now and never let me see your putrid face ever again." Castiel said, his voice echoing loudly off the walls, his power evident. The drunk nodded furiously as tears streaked down his dirty face. Cas let him fall to the ground, and as soon as he hit the stone, he started running away. Cas sighed in relief and leaned against the wall. He cradled his stomach tenderly and pulled himself off the wall. Castiel walked back to the bunker without incident. He got back and went to the shower, trying to wash off the filth he felt from that disgusting man. After the nearly hour long shower, he went to his and Dean's room and curled up on the bed. It was really cold, more than usual. But Castiel just wanted to sleep and forget everything.
And I have gotten comments on videos so old that I barely remember doing them. They all say to do a reaction to the video, or do it myself." A dark haired head shook as blue eyes looked down, obviously amused. "So, I decided to do a reaction to it. I am not that much of a fangirl like you guys are, but Dean and I are friends, so I wouldn't really want to read things where we end up fucking."
Culture session with Karamo is more like... free therapy with Karamo. Dean learns as much about himself as Karamo learns about him.
"That is an acceptable question."
A picture of a man came on the screen, a young man with a burly physique and a charming smile, and his arm was wrapped around Dean. Dean looked happy in the photo, his green eyes shining and he was laughing at something the other man had said.
"Do angels get sick?" Dean asked with concern. Castiel shrugged, trying to play off any worry as nonchalance.
"Jeez, calm down. It's actually good timing because we just talking about baby names. Since Crowley was ever so thoughtful and told us that it was going to be a boy and a girl, we figured out names. The girl will be Mary Elizabeth. The boy is gonna be Robert, after Bobby." Dean announced happily. Sam had a tear running down his cheek.
"Come on Sammy! Why are you so against it? Are you homophobic or something? You have been fine with us so far! How is this any different?" Dean requested. Sam shook his head and stood from the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Aren't all of the Leviathans dead?" Castiel blanched, his gritty voice almost startling the Winchesters. "I would be severely disappointed if that year in Purgatory meant nothing." Cas seemed uninterested, even by this, which worried Sam and Dean. Well, at least it worried Sam. Dean just laughed.
"Dean, calm down. I just wanted to make sure you were serious. I didn't want you to back out as soon as I said no. But, of course I support you! Your my brother. Even if you are a jerk sometimes." Sam said with a smile. Dean was taken aback and let go of Sam immediately. Castiel poked his head in the room and made his way inside.
"You got it, babe." He planted a small kiss on the top of his head as he got up, then went to the kitchen. Castiel laid down on the couch and sighed. He felt his eyes flutter and he dozed into unconsciousness for the second time that day, despite Sam's protests. Castiel woke up to the smell of fresh burgers and smiled. He swung his legs around to the floor and got up fluidly, as he normally did. However, a sharp tug in his abdomen sent him to the floor. Sam, who had been in a chair nearby, rushed to the angel's side and helped him up.
Dean was startled by the gruff sound in his head. He glanced in the rearview mirror and saw Castiel leaning back in the seat with his eyes closed.
Cas grinned and got out of the chair and knelt down beside Dean and began to tear the paper from his body. Charlie and Sam left the room to give them a little privacy, and Dean couldn't be happier for that. As each strip left Dean's body, Dean wondered more and more why his arms were still pinned to his sides. Also, the ribbon was still across his mouth.
"Cas! What was that?" Sam asked once Castiel had steadied himself. "I am unsure. But I felt a pain in my stomach and it caused me to temporarily lose my balance. Apologies." Castiel murmured before shuffling to the kitchen. He arrived to the smell of bacon and grilling patties. The stove was full of pans; one for the hamburger meat, one for bacon, one for the toasting buns and one grilling onions. Dean barely acknowledged Castiel, but shortly after he arrived, Dean placed a plate with a nearly perfect burger in front of him. Dean sat across from Castiel, looking smug and completely proud of the food, especially when Castiel moaned in pleasure after only one bite.
The halls echoed with Dean's screams, as usual, but today, tears dripped down his face in mourning for his lost children and mate.
She got cut off by a hand pushing down on her forehead. Light streamed out of her eyes and gaping mouth before she slumped to the floor. Cas stood in front of the body for only a moment before making his way over to Dean to untie him.
Castiel decided that his favorite month of his pregnancy so far has been the seventh month. The constant hunger for strange things had finally gone, along with the tiredness that seemed to come with everything he did at first. The only downside was the fact that his abdomen kept growing, which Dean thought was cute, so Castiel guessed it couldn't be all that bad. Dean though, was curious as to the reasoning behind many of the cravings he got once Cas had enough sense to answer without a hasty "because I want it Dean." Cas couldn't really explain it, but he did end up finding on or two things that he kept eating.
?!" Charlie screeched over the phone when Sam called her. He winced and pulled the reciever from his ear momentarily.
"Hey, bub. Find your own room." Noah snapped, making sure whoever was at the door couldn't see Cas' face.
Dean woke up with a groan, his guts aching, but no more than normal. Ever since the beating, his insides always seemed to hurt for some reason. He had seen a doctor about it, but they said it was likely just bruising from the attack. Dean got up and took his pills, then he glanced around his mostly bare room. It had been two weeks since he moved in with Castiel, and things were going pretty well so far. They had started going to therapy together, since it was always easier with a buddy, and more importantly the move had gotten Dean away from his father and from Benny.
"Cas, what's up with you? You were mad at me in the car, and even before we left, just talk to me." Dean pleaded to Cas. The angel fell onto the bed and buried his head in his hands.
"Sammy, it's Cas. We...we don't know what is going on. He fell asleep earlier and just before that he puked his guys out. He said that there is something in his Grace." Dean said, looking at his brother. Sam immediately dropped to his knees and looked into Cas' eyes.
Keep an eye on my profile! I've been working on a fic for about a year now and I'm nearly through with it. I'm really proud of it, so if you like AUs and Destiel, keep your eyes peeled!
"Ah yes, Mr. Winchester. You two will be in room 204. Just go up the hall there and to the right." She directed, handing them two keys. "The WiFi password will be in your room. Are you two here for the convention? I've had lots of people in for that." She smiled.
The video screen opened with a familiar face, but it was almost unrecognizable with the way it looked. Red eyes, blotchy cheeks, bitten lip, but most prominent was a bruised nose and black eye on the normally happy man most called Dean.
Castiel shrugged and got up from his chair with a heave. His stomach had now grown to a healthy (according to WebMD, which Castiel insisted wasn't accurate. How could gaining THIS much weight be healthy?) 25 centimeters. As soon as he stood, he winced and sat back down, grabbing his calf.
"Castiel?"
Exhausted and ready for bed, the pair headed to their hotel in the Anaheim Hilton near the convention center.
"No, no not heights. Airplanes." Dean mumbled. "If people were meant to fly, then they would have been born with wings." Dean tried to defend himself.
"DEAN! Are-you-okay?" Castiel asked between kisses peppered along Dean's face. Dean nodded, but then paled as he saw the blood around his stomach.
"Where is it?"
Castiel didn't quite know what he liked with alcohol, so he decided to ask someone.
"OMG. You are going to be a Dad! And I can't believe you FORGOT to tell me! And-OO! Oreos!" Charlie gushed as she grabbed a cookie from the container and shoved it into her mouth. Dean rolled his eyes and ushered her inside.
"Be honest, Cas...I wasn't going to Heaven in the first place." Dean smirked. "And I love you. I would do anything for you." Finally, Castiel sighed.
Dean laughed a little. Ever since Castiel had tried Oreos, he decided that they are the 'best thing ever'. They had to keep a constant supply in the pantry, because Cas would just walk around the bunker with a bag of Oreos to snack on.
“Yes, I was raised in a very religious family. They kept me under tight wraps and didn’t let me talk to people outside the family.” Tan put a hand over his heart. “A small town, and a small world view weren’t exactly kind to me. It wasn’t until I met Dean that I dared to question that.” Cas glanced at Dean, again sharing that same look Karamo noticed before. Tan put a hand on top of Cas’.
"Hello everyone! I know it's been a long time, and I owe you something good. So I hope this will do. I've spent the last few weeks with Dean and Sam in Kansas, since Dean got hurt, and...well we decided that it would be best if we moved in together. I had an extra room, and Dean was looking for a place to stay. Sam is in California now, so it seemed like the best option. I'm sure you're all raving about it, but don't get any ideas. We're good friends, and this will help us. We're both messed up, and it will help us get better, help us move on from our past." Castiel explained, and that was when Dean's face peeked in from the door.
"I win. You tell her." He smiled, resting a hand on his belly. Sam looked at him and at his still out stretched hand. Dean could not stop laughing, his face growing red. He was gasping by the time Sam had begun to pout. Castiel leaned back in the chair and folded his hands over his abdomen. Contentment was flowing through the bond, double sided in a orange glow. At that moment, Dean became worried.
"I don't think I have ever seen you this happy, Dean. The only exception was your wedding."
Dean cleaned up before Castiel got back, and he held out a bottle of water to his roommate when Castiel sat down at the table. Castiel nodded at him and took a swig, sighing and panting still.
Cas flicks his eyes back and forth between the two men not having a single idea of what to do. “Um Ketch this is Dean, Dean this is Arthur Ketch.”
“Are our jobs really on the line?” Someone across the table asks.
Without sitting back up Claire nods her head slightly. He rubs his hand up and down her back while he continues talking.
“I’m sorry, boys, this is the only room we have available tonight.” Mrs. Winters explains. She looks so worried that Castiel accepts his fate of sharing a room with Dean. Dean must come to the same conclusion because he sighs then offers a small smile to the Winters.
They return to Jesse and Cesar’s and Cas goes to find the two men to ask them about something while Dean and the girls head back to their cabin. The four of them plan on heading to the famous shaved ice place Jesse mentioned and then sitting on the beach to watch the sunset over the ocean like they have every night they’ve been there. Dean loves those quiet moments with just the four of them sitting in the sand watching the sky change colors with vibrant reds and oranges for as far as they can see. He somehow always ends up shoulder to shoulder with Cas, leaning against him as they watch the sun go down. Neither one of them mentions it and Dean savors every tiny moment he gets.
“Here you go, gentlemen. It’s late, so I'll leave you two to get settled in for the night, breakfast is around 8:00 but you have free access to the kitchen at any time,” He says with a jolly smile before backing out of the room, closing the door on his way out.
“She died when I was fifteen. Cancer. It happened quick which i guess I’m thankful for since she didn't suffer long but damn it was hard,” The green-eyed man says and Castiel can hear the pain in his voice. Without second-guessing himself, Castiel reaches out a hand and grabs hold of Dean’s. He gives a tight squeeze which gets a squeeze back in return so he knows he didn't make a mistake here. Words didn't seem to have a place at that moment so the two of them stayed silent and skated in slow circles around the rink with their hands still clasped together.
They reach the inn and Dean immediately goes up the stairs to their room. Thinking Dean probably wants to be alone for a while, Castiel settles back onto the couch he was on earlier. He finds the book he was reading still sitting on the coffee table so he picks it up and continues his research. His thoughts drift back to the green-eyed man just upstairs and how much more complex he is than Castiel originally thought.
Ketch doesn’t wait for a response and is already out the door before he finishes talking. Huffing in slight irritation Castiel follows behind and shuts the door to the bland hotel room. They make it to the airport with plenty of time to spare and find a couple seats by their gate to wait until they board. Ketch immediately starts tapping his foot impatiently and keeps glancing down at his watch as if that will make time go faster. Rolling his eyes Castiel takes in the rest of the people around them. There are not many, which doesn't surprise him as it is Christmas day after all and most people are already at home with their families celebrating.
It's Carol and Chris.
“Which leaves…” Dean trails off.
“Awesome!” Dean says excitedly grabbing his bags and hurrying out of the small airport. With a heavy sigh, Castiel grabs his bags and follows the others outside.
“No way,” Dean breaths into the empty room. The sight is mesmerizing and he can’t look away. Cas was right. It's impossible to miss the bright light traveling through the air. Dean watches it move through the night sky until it disappears completely a few minutes later. He still can't believe that he actually saw the golden streak. Dean really hopes that wherever Cas is that he was able to look up into the night sky and see the golden streak there.
The night sky is clear and Dean can see more stars than he ever has before in his life. They lay side by side in silence for a while, just admiring the night sky. There is a slight cool breeze blowing over them, causing Cas to pull the blanket up to his chin. Dean glances over and can't help but smile at the sight. There should be no possible way a grown man can look that adorable. Feeling a little cold himself, Dean pulls up the shared blanket to his chin as well and scootches just a little bit closer to Cas so that their shoulders brush. Dean tenses, waiting to see Cas’ reaction, praying it won't be a rejection, and finally allows himself to relax slightly when Cas doesn’t pull away. Dean is lulled into a dreamless sleep by the gentle rocking of the boat and the warm body pressed against his.
Please don't be angry if there are name problems with the babies...
"Get away from them!" Sam shouted, brandishing his shotgun. She laughed and muttered a few words of Latin before Sam went flying across the room, landing in a heap of used boxes.
Do I die in this?" Dean asked, his face horrorstriken. "Please tell me I don't die in this, because that would suck major ass."
?!” He fanned his face. “Henny, if I wasn’t already sitting down, I’d need to take a seat.”
Castiel supposed that he realized he loved Dean shortly after he though Raphael was going to kill him after trapping him. Dean had taken Castiel to a den of inequity, and he had realized there that he did not want to fornicate with a random woman who had issues with her father, but rather with the hunter who laughed with him with his sparkling green eyes and crinkled grin. Dean realized that he loved Castiel the moment he saw his angel after he came back from the horrible future that Zachariah had created. He looked at Castiel, and all he could think of was how happy he was now that Castiel was
"Carry on my wayward son, there'll be peace when you are done, lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more." Cas sang, plucking the lyrics from Dean's head, singing in his deep voice. The angel rested his head on Dean's chest and sighed in complete and utter contentment. Dean responded with a hefty agreement. Sam led Charlie and danced with her as Garth, Kevin, and his mom watched. Jody had left earlier, but she had congratulated the couple and gave them a hastily wrapped gift. The song ended and Garth stood up. He went over to his bag that he had brought and pulled out a white box. Inside was a pie, apple to be precise, and it had two figures of grooms stuck in the top. He put the pie on the table and stepped back proudly.
“Ohhhh. I think it’s time for a group hug!” Jonathan got up out of his chair beside Sam and went behind Cas, wrapping his arms around him and giving him a squeeze and the other four followed, basically dog-piling Castiel in his chair with a warm, but awkward, hug. He smiled bashfully and glanced in Dean’s direction as the Five dissipated and returned to their seats.
"Yes. You were. But the blame does not belong in solely you, beloved. I overreacted a bit. Apologies." Cas asserted. He sat up against the pillows and looked at Dean's excited green eyes with confusion. "You seem very happy and eager for something. What is it?"
"I'm gonna regret it later if I don't get you home with me." He whispered. Castiel widened his eyes and got up from the stool.
"How...? I...I just." Castiel stuttered after switching off the TV.
"Alrighty! That's all folks,  thank you all for watching! Make sure to subscribe to me and Dean, who is Impala67. Remember, have an intriguing day!"
"He's my dad's kid. After my mom passed, he got really bad for awhile, and before he cleaned up his act, he slept with a woman in one of the towns we stopped in. She called him a few years later and said that Adam was his. We rushed over there, and found out that his mom was dying, so we took him in after that. He mostly stays on his own, but we keep in contact most of the time." Dean smiled. "He's a good kid. I love him as much as I love Sammy."
"Oh, sorry Castiel. I ate one. I was starving and I love...Or..eos?" She trailed off as she witnessed Cas' facial expression change. Dean noticed the shift in mood as well and dove into Cas' mind.
That took Dean by surprise. He stopped and turned to face Castiel completely. He was standing in the aisle with a stupid grin plastered across his face. He was looking down at his stomach and Dean could feel something like a big, warm happy haze settle over his mind. The bond glowed with a bright orange joy and it made Dean smile and go over to Cas.
“That’s very noble of you.” Jonathan enthused, over Sam most of all, smiling at him dreamily. “If you would like, we can post about your charity? Maybe on Insta or Twitter?” Jonathan asked. Sam momentarily freaked out internally, then shook his head.
“I get what it is like to be raised in a family like that. And Bobby understands going against the church. It's hard, especially when it is all you know. But it is important to realize who you are despite it all. You decide who you are, not anyone else.” Tan told him, and Castiel looked at him up and down. He was a good man. All of them were. No one had ever told him that. Dean had always told him to rebel or do stuff for himself, but he had never specifically talked about his identity. He supposed it was too “chick-flick” for Dean.
Antoni shows Dean how to prepare the perfect dinner... for a date night in.
to bring home." Sam chuckled as Dean got out and mumbled. He got into one of the Men of Letter's trucks and looked at Sam in the passenger seat.
"It'll be okay Dean. You guys love each other more than anyone I have ever seen. When we get home, you can work it out. But first, let's find your angel some clothes that aren't going to snap." Sam joked with him. Dean nodded and went back over to Cas. He put an arm around him and put a kiss to his forehead. Castiel kept a frown, but his features softened a bit. They went inside and straight to the men's section. Cas grabbed two pairs of jeans and a large shirt. Then, he marched into the changing room to try it on. Dean followed him and waited.
"What did you do to my mate?! Who is Naomi?" Dean yelled, his instincts to protect kicking in. Crowley just shook his head.
? Like, the chick flick movie? YOU ACTUALLY HAD HIM WATCH THAT?" Sam exclaimed, beginning to laugh extremely hard, his face growing red, mirroring Dean's red face, but for different reasons.
Castiel practically fell over, his knees buckling, but Dean was able to catch him before he hit the ground.
"Woohoo! I got it! It was a total guess too!" Dean laughed, doing a little dance in his chair, then stopping when he realized he was on camera still. "Alright, your turn."
"If you guys ever go into mind-land while I am in the room, please tell me before I need a shot of insulin to put up with the sweetness that you exude." Sam said as he walked out of the room, but smiling all the way. And why shouldn't he? He was going to be an uncle. Dean bet that he was already planning on how to spoil the kid rotten.
Dean admitted sheepishly. Cas nodded at his side.
"I am married!" He declared loudly. The drunken man got up too and grinned even wider.
The video screen became smaller, and the video of Dean appeared in the main screen.
"Surprise!" Charlie and Sam yelled in unison. At the same moment, Dean opened the bond and whispered an apology for closing it, then he smiled.
This was going to be too easy.
"You better you little bitch." Dean warned, all anger gone from his voice. Sam widened his grin and then frowned.
"You were Charlie's hand maiden? Isn't that a position for a woman?" Castiel asked. Sam and Charlie laughed loudly, while Dean's neck colored a deep red with blush.
question for you, princess."
Castiel smiled a little bit nonetheless.
The video was something different than normal, everyone could tell from the title.
"Yeah, don't worry. We will find him." Sam reassured Castiel. Then, the pair heard a scream echo from a side room. It was obvious it was Dean, so Castiel immediately flew to the room, leaving Sam behind in his effort to find Dean.
"It was quite rude not to invite me. I am a real kicker at weddings." He suggested.
The only advantage of having a singular mind again was being able to try and figure out what was happening to Dean, but Cas started to have doubts. About the babies, their marriage, and even their bond itself. One day, Castiel decided to confront Dean.
"Okay, I can see those as being your favorites. And I was decently close. Around the same time, right?" Castiel asked, and Dean chuckled.
"He...he told Sam to say hi to me." Castiel said, his stubbly cheeks turning a bit pink, but barely enough to see. "I know he's been in such a horrible relationship, and how he's going through such shit...but I just want to be able to be there for him." He admitted. "I think I'm going to fly out to Kansas to see him. I really hope he's not in a hospital like those people said." Castiel raised his hand to his lips to chew on the nail nervously, then he batted it away, stopping himself from biting the nail.
Castiel looked at the man who had hit on him with a poisoned glance and left the bar. Cas walked down the streets in the darkness, not afraid, because he had fought nearly anything that he would possibly face in the night. When he was heading down an alley, Castiel heard footsteps from behind him. Someone was following hi with staggered steps, bumping into things occasionally. Cas turned to see what it was, hoping he wouldn't have to fight anyone or thing while he was so pregnant. Instead of a monster, he found the man from the bar. The drunk smiled lopsidedly and sauntered up to Castiel.
"Where did Dean go?" He heard Cas ask with confusion dripping into Dean's mind. Dean almost told him where he was, but he realized it would be worth it to see his surprise.
Instead of the two queens he had requested, a massive king bed room up the center of the room. No couch, no cot. Just the one bed.
"So, are you going to buy me a drink, or are we just going to keep talking about nothing?" Castiel asked blandly, knowing how Dean once got a free drink from a waitress, but not knowing the connotations behind the words.
"Sorry! I-I didn't know they were yours!" She stammered. Castiel had a second more of anger before his face fell into one of shock. The bond, which had been pulsing an angry red color, now shifted to one of a bright purple of apology.
"Sorry, we should have told you, but Dean and Cas were kind of absorbed in each other. They got this bond thing with their minds, and ever since then, they just look at each other and have intense eye sex." Sam said, laughing.
." Charlie yelled into the phone, not exactly mad, just so excited that her voice was coming out extremely loud.
"Again, you said, 'she'. Why do you think it is a girl? I think its going to be a boy." Sam contemplated. Dean shook his head.
"Once I rose above the noise and confusion, just to get an glimpse beyond this illusion. I was soaring ever higher, but I flew too high." Dean rumbled the last note, causing Cas to chuckle lightly.
"Night Dean."
"You see, Castiel has allowed himself to be corrupted by emotions. So now, we are using them to our advantage. While there is only a single nephilim on Earth, another was attempted about a century ago. The angel was emotionally compromised and let them over take her. She went into premature labor at about six months and the child died. Instead of trying to kill Castiel ourselves, we are letting him live knowing he was the one who killed his children. He will also blame you." Naomi explained, tying Dean's head down and putting a leather strap over his mouth. She grabbed the drill and smiled menacingly. "Let's begin, shall we?"
And Castiel was also too far gone to notice his clothes being loosely draped over his naked and bloody groin, the hand in his hair that wiped the sweat away, the tears that fell on his cheeks, and the rough voice that continued to say he was sorry.
"I swear you two are the cutest freaking thing." Sam laughed. "But, Cas, seriously. What do you know about any of this?"
"Yeah, yeah you're right. I just... I need a sec to myself." Dean said, quickly finding a bathroom and slipping into a stall. He took in a deep breath, then another but quicker. Then another, but quicker. That cycle kept going until Dean was suddenly hyperventilating, his heart beating rapidly. 'No, no!' He faintly thought to himself, 'I can't have a panic attack now!'
"This...is Benny Lafyette. He...He was my boyfriend for an entire year." Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper, but his mic caught every word. "My dad never thought I was good enough, and when I realized I was gay, I knew that I could never tell him. He would just be angry at me, and I didn't want that. I haven't lived with him for three years and I'm still terrified of the damn bastard." Dean gave a dark chuckle, no humor tinting his voice. "And rightfully so, apparently." Dean pointed at his bruised eye.
"Yeah. I think that would be a great idea, Sammy."
"Red! It's perfect! We can paint it hot rod red and make the cribs black!" Dean exclaimed, and Sam sighed. He figured that it was as good as it was going to get, so he went to the counter to ask for the color. Dean decided to check with Cas.
"I made this for you guys, you know, since you don't like cake, Dean. So, this is my present. Congratulations." Garth went and hugged Dean tightly. Then he let him go and pulled Castiel into an embrace. Then, Kevin gasped, and Mrs. Tran grabbed a flask of holy water from her belt. Crowley stood in the middle of the room, his regular black suit with a red shirt was exchanged for a grey one and a blue shirt. He was smiling, though not happily, just...smiling.
“I don’t want to say I knew it, but henny…” Jonathan tutted and shook his head. “Looks like we just gotta show Dean how fun the rainbow is, huh? And I am thinking that we might need to make this a double episode,” he said. “Because Cas is… well, he is a lot. I just want to get my hands in that hair of his and just go crazy!” Jonathan enthused.
It would take a long time for him to heal from this, but with Dean's tender gestures and his understanding for what had happened...Cas knew he could do it.
"You could wear a paper bag and look wonderful, babe." Dean said, enjoying the smile on Cas' face before it could vanish.
The next morning the brothers took all of their things they needed and drove to the church. Dean ensured to call Charlie and made sure that they were on time and also headed to the chapel to get ready. Once they got there, Sam turned into a 'best man-zilla' and tried to make everything perfect. He made certain that Dean's black tuxedo with the dark green shirt and gold tie was spotless, Dean's hair was perfectly combed, and that the corsage of a white rose was perfectly pinned to Dean's breast pocket.
"Those aren't just random wings, Sammy. Those are going to be Mary Jo and Bobby's wings." Dean explained, slipping his arm around his husband's waist and pulling him close. Sam's jaw dropped and he looked between them.
Dean focused and sent a mental image of the two of them in Dean's bed doing a few...activities. The sharp inhale of breath beside him signified that he got it. Embarrassment tinted the bond in a sheepish red hue.
"Yes. I believe so. It will be hard in my current state, but it will not harm the babies. Once we reach Heaven, I will be at a higher strength, so that may help as well." Cas said. He unsheathed his angel blade and nodded towards the door. "Go get the angel sword you have, we are going to need it."
"Castiel Novak, do you take Dean Winchester, as your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, for better and for worse, in sickness and in health, as long as you both shall live?" Castiel sniffed.
"No, you listen to me, Becky! I either get my event back or the money goes back to the fans!" Castiel could hear Dean snapping at the poor lady on the other end of the phone, and he just kept walking past the room and to his own. Castiel closed the door and peeled off the jogging attire he had donned for the early morning, slipping into some comfortable jeans and a t-shirt. He had already packed everything he needed besides his phone and laptop, so he didn't need to worry about hurrying to pack. Castiel opened up his laptop and checked his sub count and his page. Castiel raised his eyebrow when he saw that he had just hit six million subscribers. Castiel grinned widely and opened a new tab to check out his Tumblr.
Castiel sent Dean an image of a movie all about chickens, which made Dean laugh loudly and kiss Cas on the nose.
Dean finally quieted after about twenty minutes of persistent yelling and pestering, and he came into Castiel's room with an air of pride. "I got my event back." He beamed. "I was able to put up such a fuss that it was either get it back or lose me." Dean smirked, and Castiel just scoffed.
"Do...do you not remember? I could feel this...horrible red hot anger seething through the bond while I was getting ready, then, it was just gone." Castiel explained. Dean was surprised. He thought he should remember getting mad like that, but for some reason, there was nothing that he remembered like that.
"Did something happen? Because that lamp just kinda exploded out of nowhere." Sam said, crossing his arms. Charlie stifled a giggle and Dean smirked.
"Shoot." Dean said. Cas hinted at confusion on why Dean wanted him to shoot, so Dean clarified. "I mean, go ahead."
"I guess...I'll see you guys all later. Please make sure Benny is sufficiently miserable, and if you are in the jury for John Winchester's trial, vote guilty. Alright, I'm Castiel, and have an intriguing day."
"Oh come on, really? That's easy for you and hard for me! How am I supposed to know how many siblings you have?!" Dean exclaimed, mumbling to himself at Castiel laugh.
The screen went dark, perhaps for the last time.
Cas told Dean, after nearly six hours of being confined in the room.
"Well, I think it is official, we have no food." Sam declared. Dean nodded and got up. He held his hands out for rock-paper-scissors to see who would go to the store.
"Why the hell would we invite you?" Dean asked from the room. Crowley craned his neck to see the older Winchester on the bed.
Now that was a question they weren’t prepared for but they should have been. “Non-profit,” Sam lied easily. “We help people. Obviously. We… provide therapy for those who have been through certain traumas. We help them fight their demons. The ghosts of their past, so to speak. And we teach self-defense.” Okay, it was a half-lie, but it was so hard to lie to these sweet and trusting faces. Thank god for creative phrasing, too.
"Cas, what's going on? Why is Dean crying?" Sam asked, confusion dancing across his face. Castiel looked at him with fury in his stare.
Castiel didn't know what it was, but there was something off about Dean. Besides the fact that he had cut off their bond for now a week, but also that he was getting distant from Cas. Whenever he got a leg cramp, or he was hungry, instead of helping him, he would just sort of watch him. Dean usually helped, but now he became an almost outside person viewing the inside.
"I know Cas, me too. But that won't help us. Can you feel the bond thing? Is it still there?" Sam asked, getting down to business. Cas nodded.
"You have hurt me. You have nearly killed me, and that was before you even set foot in this room. You took me from my mate, brother, and children, and now, you will die. I am the mate of Castiel, angel of Thursday, and you took me...wrong move, bitch!" Dean shouted with multiple voices, his own being drowned out by several others that shook the room with power. An archangel sword unsheathed itself in his hand, and he grabbed Naomi's shoulder and plunged the blade through her chest. She gasped in pain and fell to the ground. Her wings burned to the floor quickly as she died, putting a smug smile on Dean's face. Dean turned to face Sam and Cas again, smiling with no humor. "You see, to forget that this body was meant to be the Vessel of Michael himself, a bit of Grace from you, Castiel, has done nothing to harm this body. Thank you Castiel for access to your Grace. It will now return it." Dean exhaled and the white faded from his eyes. The returned green irises were still bloodshot as they fluttered closed and Dean fell to the floor. Hard.
"Do you honestly think we would let you communicate with him now? He cannot hear your bond now, nor can he hear your voice, but you must cut it off, or, we will go now and kill both Castiel and your brother Samuel." Naomi suggested. Dean fell to his knees and looked at the ground.
Dean woke up the next morning with cold sheets and no Cas through the bond. He nearly panicked, but he searched for the bond and found the golden spot pulsing heartily. Dean sighed in relief as he remembered the conversation from the night prior. Castiel was going to spend most of the day in the future nursery. Dean figured it was going to be some sort of angel ritual, like a baptism of the room. Never did he expect what was actually happening inside that small room.
"So, what brings you here, stranger? Never seen you in here." She inquired, leaning a little forward. Cas smiled awkwardly and looked around.
Dean frowned and thought for a second, then he figured out an idea.
"As you all know, I am not exactly one for dating, and while I understand that you ship Dean and I together...I have something to tell you all. I'm not...I don't date because I'm demisexual. I just don't care for the thought of sex for pleasure, and I would much rather know someone well before I get into anything. I don't know Dean all that well, so I don't think it will end up happening. I hope that you guys can understand where I'm coming from here, because honestly I just wanted you to know about me, about who I am. I love you all so much, and you have helped me through thick and thin, especially with my issues last year. I got so many cards and letters in the mail that I nearly cried, so thank you. If I end up losing followers for this video, so be it. But I hope that you will accept me for who I am truly, instead of who you think I am." Castiel gave a shaky sigh, his chest shaking a little bit.
“Well, uh, we met almost ten years ago now. I was in a really rough spot in my life. After the fact… I sort of refer to it as Hell because of how bad it was. I was in with bad people, and I did bad things for a long time. But then… I met Cas. He sort of pulled me out of the whole mess.” Dean explained the best he could. It wasn’t a lie, but it also wasn’t the full truth. “We didn’t get along at first but… after a year of knowing each other, Cas gave up a lot to help me and Sam. Ever since then, we’ve been friends.”
"Yeah, the bond thingy gave us a telepathic connection. I can hear his thought and he can hear mine." Dean grinned as he finished the sentence. Sam rolled his eyes and looked back at Cas.
Dean clutched his chest and stared at the door of the stall, his eyes wide as he felt the walls of the stall closing in on him. He pressed his hands against the walls of the stall, his chest rising and falling rapidly with the frantic pounding of his heart. His vision blurred and the floor tilted as he struggled to stay seated on the toilet. His vision went from blurred to black spots dancing in his eyes from the lack of oxygen, his mouth opening and closing like a fish on dry land. Dean couldn't breath, and he couldn't even think enough to think of what he needed to do!
"I get it that you haven't seen Cas in awhile Dean, but that doesn't mean you can break the 'no sex in front of Sam' rule." Sam scolded playfully. He went and hugged his brother tightly. "It's good to have you back."
"Stop talking so loud! Cas can hear you! He's a celestial being, even while pregnant." Sam whispered. She moved her hand to her mouth. She made the movement of zipping her lips and throwing away the key. Dean rolled his eyes and looked into his mind. he bind wasn't angry any more, in fact it was nearly completely cut off. Dean sighed in relief.
"I am not a princess!"
"As I'll ever be." Then, they were gone. In a mere second, they appeared again in a large field. There was a man in the distance flying a kite, but other than that, it was empty. Sam landed hard, but kept upright. Castiel, however, fell immediately after stopping. There was blood streaming from his nose as he struggled to sit up. Sam knelt down as pulled him so he could look him in the eye. "Cas? Are you okay?"
"I know that you were in Hell. You are the one that caused this entire mess." She hissed at him, strapping him to the table as usual. "So now, you are being punished again. And you are helping Heaven. The children you fathered could be the decimation of the angel species. Do you honestly think I would let them live?" Naomi's mouth curled into a cruel smile.
The video opened to Castiel's normal, smiling face.
"Listen, it is what it is. I'm freaking exhausted. Let's just deal with it tomorrow before we go to the con." Castiel said, touched Dean's shoulder gently. Dean looked up at him, and he nodded a bit.
"Is...I mean...would you know if he...um..."Sam trailed off, not wanting to finish his sentence. Cas widened his eyes in fear and disbelief.
not a morning person..." He taunted playfully. Cas came in the room with a bowl and a spoon sticking out of his mouth.
"P-Please..." Castiel choked out of his thick throat, begging for the man to stop before he went any further. It was at that point that his boxers were slid down his long legs and tossed into the oblivion that must have been beside the bed, since he knew his clothes would not be there when this all ended.
"Yeah, I know. But i gotta say, its kinda nice just taking a break and hanging out in the Bat Cave." Dean grinned when Sam rolled his eyes. Cas shuffled into the room adorned in a large bathrobe. He normally wore his robe nowadays. Dean liked to call it his 'pregnancy trench coat'. "Morning babe." Dean said happily. The angel nodded in Dean's direction and went immediately to the kitchen for cereal.
"I-I think we might need to pay for that before we go." Dean said, making Castiel laugh tiredly.
would
"Of course not Dean, its just...this is your soul we are talking about. I don't want you to just throw it aw-" Sam tried to explain before getting pushed against the wall.
"We are NOT calling our baby a nephilim. She is going to be a baby, not some monster." Dean said, subconciously getting closer to Castiel. A slight glimmer of confusion shone in the back of Dean's mind, but then a crashing sensation filled his mind as he felt complete and utter love oozing through the bond from Castiel. Cas smiled visibly and looked at Dean as they entwined their fingers between them.
It happened incredibly fast. One second his mind was filled with happiness and contentment, then it was like someone turned on a faucet. White hot pain stemming from Castiel poured through the bond, knocking Dean to the ground, sending popcorn spilling across the hard wood floor. Cas snapped the bond off, not wanting Dean to feel the pain as well. Dean felt the relief of losing the pain, but it was replaced quickly by concern for his mate.
Instead of answering Castiel keeps walking until a sign catches his attention. With a gummy smile on his face he turns to Dean and says, “I’m going to go meet Santa.”
Ketch smiles wide and heads off to the bedroom in search of his precious tie. Castiel stands by the still-open door, rubbing his forehead in frustration. He can feel a headache already forming and he hasn’t even left his apartment yet. It’s going to be a very long day. Attempting to distract himself, Castiel takes in the apartment around him. The two of them used to live there together. During that time the apartment was very bland and impersonal. Ketch didn’t like any personal touches or family pictures or anything of that kind. They kept the generic furniture and artwork that came with the place.
The two men share a look then nod their heads knowing that will be best.
“Damnit, breathe Cas!” Dean shouts, getting a stronger grip on his friend. “Look at me. You need to calm down. You panicking is not going to help us find her so you need to calm down.”
It's only minutes later when both baskets are empty and Dean is tempted to ask for more even if he's already feeling pretty full. Cesar and Jesse lead them to a golf cart, luckily with enough seating for all of them, and they head out on the gravel road to their home for the next week.
Now it’s a month into the new school year, and Dean knows he made the best decision of his life. He loves the city, loves the school and his coworkers, and he especially loves his kids. It’s been his dream for as long as he can remember, to be a teacher. Now he gets to live that dream every day. Sure there are hard days, but there are hard days in any job. The good days are unbelievable though. When he can see kids write their name in cursive for the first time and how their face lights up. Or when one of them beats the timer for their addition tables and gets another scoop of ice cream on their paper cone, and a real popsicle of course. Those kids deserve all of the awards they earn. They also laugh at his stupid puns and jokes, so yeah, he loves these kids.
And then he's gone. Leaving Dean smiling at his laptop. He pulls up his half-finished article and sets to work. There's a lot to get done before the Christmas Eve festival later that night. The words flow out of him and before he knows it the article is complete. Dean reads through it one more time to make sure he caught all of his errors and makes sure he doesn’t sound like a complete idiot. Once he’s satisfied he saves the file. The title stares back at him and it makes him smile to himself. People probably think he's crazy smiling at his computer like it's the greatest thing he's ever seen but he doesn't care. He's happy.
“Um, yeah,” Nice going Winchester, at least try to act like you have a brain. “Yes, the kids already know their groups and I have two parent volunteers to go with one group and I'll go with the other.”
Dean hangs his head in defeat. Cas is gone. There's nothing he can do about it.
and everyone should go check out their stuff!
“You’re doing more than enough by taking Claire for a few hours.”
Dean takes it and opens it up to find a letter written in crayon on blue construction paper.
“Can I kiss you?” Dean wipers in the space between them. Instead of getting a reply, Cas surges up and their lips meet in a burst of emotions.
Something reflective had caught Castiel’s attention through the mirror and distracted him. It was that damp picture frame sitting on the shelf. The one with two people smiling at him. Instead of smiling back like he used to, Castiel friended and slammed the picture down on its face. Thankfully (or not) it didn’t break and send glass everywhere.
“Daddy come on!”
“Did you - Did you see that?” She asks, walking towards him with a smirk firmly placed on her lips. “Did that go in the hole? I wasn’t watching.”
Dean has never regretted something more in his life than this moment right here. Why he thought this was a good idea will forever confuse him. At the time he thought it would be freeing and awesome! Now all he feels is trapped and his mood is so not awesome.
“I think I would live.”
The first group is set up with Gabriel, who somehow has a different lollipop now. Gabe has helped out with these tours enough times that he knows the drill with Dean and his classes. The shorter man takes his group and heads off to the big cat exhibits to start. The second group starts to gather around Charlie, the bouncy redhead just as excited as all of the kids. They’re about to head out when Dean stops them.
server for like-minded chats, friendly people, and inspiration for reading and writing!
“Yeah, that's what I said,” Dean says. “Anyways you guys are free to do whatever. Sammy is supposed to get here tomorrow morning with his family and I was thinking we could all take a little adventure somewhere if you guys want to join.”
“For what I said about you and Claire.” Not exactly what Dean was wanting to hear, but it still is nice to know. “You have always been there for Claire and myself. I love that you love her as if she were your own. I feel that way with Emma. I know you would do anything for both of them and I am so sorry for saying you have no rights with her. She trusts you and loves you too. We have always raised them together and I’m sorry for letting my anger and worry get the best of me.”
Again, please go check out the art master post and show
The guy did grab Dean’s hand which was way more of a comfort than Dean will ever admit out loud. It was just like back on the plane when Cas calmed him down from his panic attack. Cas somehow just knows the best way to comfort Dean. The best part was that Cas didn't force him to talk more. They were perfectly content to skate and walk in silence. For a while it was good and then Dean started overthinking
“Come on Sammy! No need to be scared of a little bit of water!” Dean teases.
“Hey girls, can you come in here for a minute?” Dean shouts out to their backyard where the girls are laying out in the grass enjoying the summer sun. They stand up without complaint and come into the kitchen where Dean and Cas are waiting for them.
Dean wanders the stone path through the villas towards the pool, admiring the stone tiles Cas picked out. He chuckles at the memory of Cas spending hours flipping through different tiles trying to figure out which one would be best. Cas narrowed it down to two and asked for Dean’s opinion, then went with the exact opposite of what Dean picked. At the time Dean was offended, but now it is clear Cas made the correct call since the place looks amazing.
Lydia and Dean met in college one night. Dean was out at one of the fancier bars in town with some friends when the striking strawberry blonde caught his attention in a beautiful deep purple dress. The two immediately hit it off over a couple of drinks and one thing led to another, which eventually ended with Emma coming into the picture. It was never meant to be more than a one night stand. They used protection and everything, but accidents still happen. Dean will forever be grateful for that accident though.
“That's my girl!” Dean cheers, smiling broadly. “Always able to charm the ladies.”
“What's stopping you?” she asks, softer than he expected. Before he can answer, the man in question runs past the doorway drawing their attention. Concerned, Dean pushes past Meg and into the hallway.
“You’re okay with me being gay?” Castiel asks.
It was just last month that she asked Dean and Cas if they would allow her to actually run all of the hotel's programs. To permanently move to the island and make sure everything is running smoothly once the hotel opens. Dean was shocked to hear that his friend wanted to stay here, but it made perfect sense once she explained more. There is nothing tying her back to the states and they’re going to need someone to set up and run all of the programs. Charlie is the best at what she does so they hired her right on the spot.
“When you turned one your parents moved out and found their own home. Cas went to work and your mom stayed home to take care of you. That worked for a couple years, but when you were three Cas came home one day to find Amelia missing and you laying in your crib crying.”
“Shut up, Dean! There are rocks down there,” Sam protests, sending him his signature bitch face. Dean just smiles in response and watches as his brother struggles some more. Finally Jess steps up and pushes her husband into the water. Everyone left on the outcropping bursts out laughing as Sam lets out an indignant squawk.
“Hey sweetheart, you ready to go home?” Dean feels her nod her head before they both let go. He looks back at his daughter’s teacher. “Thanks for staying with her, sorry I was late. Work went late and the roads are a disaster.”
When Dean brought up the idea to Benny he was shocked at how quickly the other man agreed to take on this adventure with them. Benny has been Dean’s best friend and co-worker for as long as he can remember. The two of them started working for Bobby around the same time and bonded immediately. They work well together and are always able to anticipate what the other needs before they ask for it. Benny was also there for him when the whole thing with Emma’s mom went down. In turn Dean was there for the cajun when Andrea, his girlfriend of two years,  broke up with him. Dean hopes that with Benny as his right hand man, this whole hotel renovation project will go much smoother.
“You’re gay?” Cas almost shouts. Dean quickly shushes him making sure they didn't wake up any of the other guests. “Sorry, but you’re gay?”
Carol and Chris stand in front of the fireplace admiring the newly framed picture of the two of them. It had been lost for so long and they are so thankful Castiel was able to find it.
“Now hold on a minute Castiel,” Charlie replies with a slight hesitation. “You are also on the Aspen assignment.”
“Positive. Don’t give up hope yet Dean-o, I can see you already blaming yourself for messing this up. How about this? A couple of us go to this bar every Friday night and Castiel promised he would go with us this time. Why don't you show up and then maybe you will have another chance with him?” Gabe suggests.
They sit in silence, Dean lost in his thoughts and trying not to crumble. He knows Cas deserves someone better, but Dean wants to be selfish. At the same time though, he wants what's best for his friend. If it's not him and Cas is happy at the end of the day, then who is Dean to stand in his way?
“It’s your fault,”Cas replies, keeping his tone light, he loves that Dean brings treats for the kids and keeps them entertained and focused on the tour.
“Yeah, yeah I’m good. Thanks, man,” Dean says genuinely.
“Dean, there's a leak in the ceiling and we think it's the AC unit.”
Cas stands up and starts to walk away before Dean remembers he was going to ask Castiel something.
“Hello Dean,” Cas greets and Dean is speechless. Up close Dean can see how the dark charcoal of the suit causes Cas’ vibrant blue eyes to pop just that much more. He also decided it would be great night to torture Dean because framing those beautiful blue orbs are the thick frame glasses Cas has taken to wearing more often.
The four of them head into the main hotel block, calling out a quick hello to Charlie as they pass the front desk. They find the rest of their crew waiting for them in the dining room. Benny and Jo smile from where they lean against the bar. Cesar and Jesse wave from their table with Missouri. Sam and Jess sit at the table next to them with little Mary spinning in circles, showing off her new flowery dress. The rest of Dean and Cas’ teams sit at the surrounding tables looking at them expectantly. Cas gives Dean’s hand a quick squeeze before letting go and taking a step forward to address the crowd. Emma slides over and wraps an arm around Dean’s waist, as he slings his free arm around her shoulders and pulls her close. The three of them stand together as they wait for Cas.
The way her face lights up gives Castiel hope.
The shorter man snorts, and the taller man just squints a little bit more. Definitely not the reaction Dean was going for. His smile falters a little before he hears quiet giggles behind him. A couple of his kids catch the pun and smile up at him which brings back Dean’s smile in full force. Who cares what the zookeepers think about his puns? He says them for the kids' entertainment and they love them. So ha! Dean Winchester is still freaking awesome.
Dean snorts. He likes seeing this side of Cas. Who knew the man could be so snarky and sassy?
It only takes fives seconds for Castiel to fall right on his ass and have Dean laughing at him. He glowers at the other man refusing to get up, honestly he doesn’t even think he could if he wanted to, and Dean just laughs harder. So Castiel does the only thing he can think of that will make the situation better. He pouts.
“Claire.”
“Alright. Go do what you have to do and text me later. If you want me to take her for the night I have no problem with that,” Dean offers. He knows they still don't know each other very well, but Cas looks like he really needs time to himself to figure stuff out and
Castiel sits in the conference room, fifteen minutes early of course, repositioning all of his belongings so they sit straight on the table in front of him. He woke up right at 6:05 like he does every morning and made himself a very delicious egg omelet breakfast, following the recipe he found the day before. As he got dressed for the day, in his usual white button-down and suit combo, he did more research on Aspen. He can’t wait to be there tomorrow and write the article he knows will make his career. Castiel tied his favorite blue tie around his neck, frustrated when he had to redo it because it ended up backward.
“Oh Dean, no that wasn’t it at all! I saw a family that was taunting the other cats, which we don’t tolerate at all,  and they left their trash on the ground. I didn’t even hear you say that,” Cas explains with a pleading look.
“Well your article was amazing,” Sam says honestly.
Well, that is all! I hope you guys enjoyed this story and much as I enjoyed writing it! Thank you thank you thank you!!
“It didn’t mean anything,” Cas says so quietly Dean almost misses it.
“Yeah no I’m not wearing that.”
“Clean it out first, I guess?” Dean suggests. “After it's cleared out we can better assess the damage and work that needs to be done and then we can go from there. Jesse called and said they have the first shipment of material for us at their place, so we just need to call them and they can bring that over. Probably should wait for tomorrow though since I think this will take the rest of the day today.”
Claire reaches for the purple pencil and Emma hands it over and watches as Claire gets to work on her own addition. She sticks her tongue out a little to the side and her brows pull together in concentration. Dean watches with amusement twinkling in his eyes and wonders if Cas does the same thing when he is focused on a task. He could see it. Just from the brief interactions they have at pickup and drop off Dean can tell Cas is a pretty serious man and takes most things literally. Dean has seen him tilt his head and furrow his brows in confusion many times when Dean makes a joke or references something in pop culture.
“I did yeah.”
Dean is so tired and all he wants to do is crash. “I’m staying at Benny’s tonight,” he says a little harsher than he means to. Wincing, he reminds himself that none of this is Claire’s fault and she doesn’t deserve his anger.
“Count me in, brotha.” Benny chimes in.
The place is huge and looks more like a ranch than what Dean was expecting to find on an island in the Bahamas. Jesse explains it's a little piece of their old home in their new home. They moved to the island just over a decade ago after visiting and falling in love with the place. Since then they have been living the dream of living on an island. They rent out their three guest houses and offer their time and knowledge of the island to their guests. They have a small boat that guests are allowed to use to take a tour around the island and Dean can't wait until they do that.
“Daddy!” Emma squeals before running straight for him. He opens his arms and she flies in, wrapping her arms around his neck.
“See? Told you it’ll be okay!” Dean smiles and is shocked when he gets a small smile in return. He can literally feel the tension leaving the man's shoulders (Dean should probably remove his hand) at the sight of his daughter having a friend. The two men stand there watching, long enough for Emma to look up and smile at them before waving wildly. Claire, if Dean remembers correctly, does the same and a genuine smile somehow finds its way to the man's face next to him. Dean can clearly see the love between the two even if the first interaction he saw was a bit on the colder side.
Instantly dread creeps into Dean’s heart. It's Emma. It has to be Emma. Who else would it be? What could be so wrong that she couldn’t call him and had to come down to the construction site? Also, why isn’t she in school??
Dean is blown away by Cas’ work ethic and determination to do something. There is no way in hell Dean would be able to do any of that. He didn't even go to college! Well in recent years he has taken a few business courses at the local college to help run the company better. But going to college for five years for a career you ended up not liking and then putting in a year of studying just for one test is insane. Not even to mention that Cas had Claire. There is still no mention of Claire’s mom and Dean doesn’t think this is the right time to ask so he just listens as Cas tells his story.
“I’m glad you’re both here, I have a question for you two regarding the inn.” Castiel starts and makes sure they are both paying attention. “There's this certificate that was given to the inn back in the 1920’s and everything i have read says it was lost somewhere in the inn a while back. Do either of you have any idea where I might be able to find it? That certificate really would be the key to my article and to saving the inn!”
Taking a deep breath, Dean wiggles on the bench a little to get as comfortable as you can on a hard wood bench seat.
“She was asleep in the bungalow last night when I returned,” Cas replies.
“Nothing! Tensions are just high right now with this whole hotel project and I need time to cool off before I do or say something I will regret,” Dean says honestly, walking over to where Claire is now standing. He gently kisses her on the forehead and wraps her into a tight hug, savoring the contact a little more than usual. “I’ll see you in the morning Claire-bear, tell Ems I love her alright?”
“Cas, it's okay. She's with me,” Dean finally speaks into the phone.
Cas takes a walk through once they have a majority of the damage taken care of, and between all of them they deem it structurally sound and get back to work. The next load that Cesar and Jesse bring over includes the new windows and doors which are insanely heavy due to the thick glass. Luckily with their help Dean and Benny are able to get them all installed relatively quickly. With no more heavy lifting they say their goodbyes to their new friends and promise that they will be ready for the local crew to come out in a few days.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean replaces everything that was rotten and by the time he is done he is drenched in sweat. He didn’t realize how much the humidity would affect him, but it didn’t take him long to realize wearing a long sleeved flannel is probably not the best idea. He strips out of his overshirt so that he is just in his black tee, only to find that soaked in sweat too and sticking to his body uncomfortably. He grumbles slightly at the insane heat but gets back to work. With the roof now finished they can work on the inside and access the rest of the damage.
“I’ll talk to you two after,” Charlie says, proceeding to pass out the rest of the assignments to the other writers in the room.
“Welcome!” Eileen says with a kind smile that instantly puts Cas at ease.
During their phone call they informed her that they can’t make it to Aspen due to a blizzard and are stuck in Indiana. When Castiel informed her that they were in fact in
Luckily it works and Cas’ lips part in one of Dean’s favorite gummy smiles that take his breath away each time. “Lead the way.”
“I want to hear more about this, but I gotta get back to work. I’m picking the girls up after school today. Would you want to come over for dinner tonight?”
“Also it’s the twenty-first century dad. There are ways to communicate with the people back here,” Emma adds with a slight eye roll. “Maybe there will even be some people on the island we can become friends with!”
“This is pretty awesome, but the lake will always win,” Dean replies easily. Ever since that first year, Cas and Claire have joined them for their annual trip and on the first morning Dean and Cas sit together on the dock watching the sun rise. “I could get used to this though.”
“Gabe mentioned that you guys would be here tonight and if I wanted a second chance with you, I should show up. If that makes you uncomfortable though we can leave and pretend this never happened. Really it’s not a big deal,” Dean is already pushing himself out of the booth not making eye contact with the man. A hand on his shoulder stops him and he turns to see Sam gesturing across the table. Dean looks up and sees a small smile on Cas’ face.
He wipes the sweat from his forehead with the bandana he started carrying around for this exact purpose as he looks up, searching for Cas. Dean sees him waving wildly at him from the front of the main hotel block. Knowing whatever it is has to be important since both of them have been working non stop the last few days, Dean gives a slight nod to the small crew of locals and Benny to keep them working before heading Cas’ way. They have been working on clearing out all of the main hotel block and Dean is more than happy to take a short break.
Even just the memory of the picture makes Castiel frown again. He is so lost in his own thoughts that he didn't realize other people had filed into the conference room until his boss’ voice came from the doorway. Only startling slightly, Castiel straightens his pen again before turning his full attention to his boss.
