Sherlock growled under his breath for a second, and John joins in with some rather spectacular swears. He slips his hands down Sherlock’s front, prolonging the contact as much as possible under the pretense of straightening his shirt, as Sherlock’s hand slips around his waist. In the background, he can hear the thud-thud-thud of one pair of feet going up the staircase to 221B. He knows it’s Sherlock, remembers the confusion he felt as his friend suddenly came back to life with shaking hands, took one look at him and… well, legged it up the stairs. The Sherlock in an office in Scotland Yard is now looking over his shoulder, curious about how he reacted. The one good thing about all this mess is the objective view they can gain from it: analyse their partners reaction to things they either didn’t notice or weren’t there for. As John thinks this he straightens suddenly.
Nothing was adrift.
Grinning slyly, John winked at sherlock and turned to give Donovan a cheeky smirk. Sherlock blushed slightly and looked at John from under his lashes and messy fringe, biting his lip in a move that was clearly initiated to tease.
A vein could be seen pumping in John's temple. A grin was plastered on his face, but it was anything but friendly as the deadly silence and the fire in John's eyes pulled Sherlock into focus, a black hole.
No matter who got in his way.
, it was so… John. He had been wrong about so many things. John had already loved him; had already come to terms with it. It was not a reaction or a sudden realisation brought about by Moriarty and his schemes. He had not gone through his crisis alongside Sherlock, who for once in his life had been the one to be slow on the uptake.
Lestrade must keep pet crickets in his office, for Sherlock could have sworn he heard their chirping.
John was anxious about the press, and how it would affect Sherlock’s work. He didn’t want to be the reason that someone was prejudice against his partner, or didn’t take him seriously. Hell, the yard already mocked them, even when they didn’t believe their relationship could ever happen. Sherlock was fragile when it came to emotions, John thought. He needed the protection that came from pushing people away, and the fact that he had let John into his heart spoke volumes on how much Sherlock trusted him. John would happily bear the burden of knowing the real Sherlock Holmes, due to the fact that he thought that there was no burden at all. He had no idea how Sherlock would react if everyone knew. Bloody hell, if anyone somehow saw the man behind the mask, the man who loved completely but silently, and liked to snuggle on the sofa when thinking on a case, he might shut down. Or pull away from him completely, scared about the repercussions.
"Huh, I guess he must be a psycho freak in bed as well then. I guess if that's what your into John, you can keep it to yourself."
“Right. Greg. I’m gonna give you one minute to explain, in a concise and fairly quick manner, what the hell is going on here. Then, we are going to discuss the matter like the adults that we are. Got that? All three of you? Yes, Sherlock, I’m bloody including you too. Right. Begin.”
Greg didn't think that Holmes could surprise him anymore, not after five years of knowing him. As always, he thought wrong. Once he had recovered, he grimaced and began his search, methodically sweeping the place with his eyes first and then running his hands over every surface he came across. Whilst he did that, he heard Sherlock order Sally around using thinly veiled insults as usual. The fact that Sally did not argue back just showed how far her state of shock had gone.
They didn’t need words in this moment; they could communicate with each other so easily now, after living together as work partners and flatmates for four months, and even closer together as their other half for eight. John tightened his grip on Sherlock, and caressed his back with gentle hands, which travelled up to carefully grip bed-head curls that twirled lovingly around his fingers, like honeysuckle vines through a woodwork trellis. Their eyes were on fire, bodies burning up in the close quarters of the duvet, every inch of them pressed together as much as possible, as if they could absorb the other through osmosis. Breath hitching, words that weren’t enough caught in his throat, Sherlock tipped John’s chin up with his long fingers, knuckles rasping stubble, and burned. John’s gaze flickered between kaleidoscope eyes and licked lips, the tension increasing in ever growing logarithms. No matter how many times they were intimate, the passion between them never waned, only grew as awkward inexperience was nurtured into perfect synchronisation.
The tableau that would greet anyone walking in was a grim one, although they would be used to that at the yard. The DI was sat in his chair, elbows across the cheap desk that served as the commanding post for his team. His head, graced with moonlit hair, was resting in his hand, the spikes glittering dully in the sombre light given out by the single bulb swaying mournfully from the stained ceiling tiles. Natural light was hard to come by, the blinds pulled shut as much as possible given that they were broken in several places, allowing sneaking tendrils to burn spotlights haphazardly around the room. Sally was sat opposite Lestrade, her chaired turned slightly in order to see the screen. She had slight marks between her eyes atop the bridge of her nose, where her bony fingers had massaged out her stress whilst also providing cover for her eyes if she needed it. Her other arm was snaked around her waist, hugging herself slightly for comfort and to stop herself from fidgeting due to the sexual tension that had permeated the room from the screen.
John was home to him.
http://sevendaysofsherlock.tumblr.com
John couldn’t help but say affectionately, focused on soothing rather than demanding an explanation.
With a roar of anger, John picked himself up and kicked violently at the wall. His toes throbbing with pain, he looked back up the stairs and began to slowly make his way up to the flat.
John was cut off by Sally, who in her growing amusement and also bewilderment, could no longer restrain herself from commenting.
John laughed reluctantly. His partner could never fail to see the scientific benefits of such an experience, although how much of it was faked or used to counteract his or John's embarrassment was yet to be seen. Sherlock was weird about things like that: The man had no pattern to follow according to what crossed the line into personal territory and what he considered to be perfectly socially acceptable.
John felt like he would get physical whiplash from just watching Sherlock pace a flaming line into the floor, and emotional from how his expectations of Sherlocks reaction were widely off base.
" but I will make time for you John, your happiness is essential to me and I fear that I have not settled your mind with details pertaining... Us and the... The sentiment that I... Um, feel, for you. I have deduced by your conduct recently that you are slightly worried about the veracity of this, and that you think that my worries are... Truthful yet pointless pertaining to the danger that criminals would exhibit if our relationship was known, as you get kidnapped on a semi-regular basis even without that knowledge. Following this incident and ones recently, I believe that you are mostly correct. Viewing that, I have come to the conclusion that we should make our partnership public ourselves and on our terms before that decision is taken away from us by the content of these tapes, as i would not be surprised if the 'consulting criminal' sold this information to the press or to slightly less...savoury places. That does not mean that I will sit back and let him, and once I have viewed the evidence I hope to follow up on all lines of investigation, no matter what it takes."
But he hadn't. This was real, nothing had changed; John was still right here.
Shit.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“But John, don’t you see? It must be important, your phone. Is still. Ringing. How long is that infernal song?! It’s been going for 1 minute and… 9 seconds. Why is it that anyway? Why choose
Sherlock was now sitting in Lestrades chair, feet up casually on the desk as he leaned his head back and pressed his fingertips to his mouth. He was only now just managing to brush off the tension in the room, finding it difficult to get into his mind palace straight away. Surprisingly, John was helping. Sherlock had watched him suspiciously at first, worried that now everything was in the open John was going to change. But he was relieved when all he did was give Sherlock a small smile, lean his back against the door and cross his arms loosely: classic case mode behaviour and posturing, not the slightest change at all apart from a slightly happier expression. After nodding back, Sherlock had closed his eyes, ready to visualise the data.
3. Nudity was involved, as was feelings- still not really his area.
In fact, privacy would soon be at distances as to be invisible from said window.
"...what? Sherlock I don't..."
The others
the reasons, hell,
I know.
“What do you mean ‘the moment that you knew’? All I can see is the two of you getting wound up to epic proportions!”
“John it’s not nice to laugh in someone’s face, is it now? Who’s the one who is always talking about ‘taking social cues’ and ‘
And now, we can finally get into the main part of the story! It will mostly be tape footage from here on in, and their reactions. it took me a while to set the scene so im sorry about that as well XD
http://georgiereay.tumblr.com
Sally held her hands up in a protective gesture while two of the men glared at her. Surprisingly, Sherlock was just looking at her in bemused interest, no doubt already having deduced what she was going to say next and not be bothered to be offended.
And personal blog here:
Here, the image split, as if looking at a shopping centre's security tapes: Sherlock's slow way up the stairs and into John's room being monitored on the left hand side, and John's silent figure on the right.
Well, Hello there ;P
The four of them stood there in awkward silence for a moment, all of them craving answers to different questions, none of them making eye contact until John decided to turn towards Sherlock and pretend, as much as it was possible, that they were alone in the room. He cleared his throat and raised his eyes to Sherlock's, dark blue irises catching lighter ones.
Sherlock again jumped up and started pacing, and John watched as he muttered to himself, getting lost in the changing expressions that moved fluidly like a technicolour waterfall, shimmering with excitement at the thrill of the game, a key piece of evidence being eroded away by the great tidal power that was Sherlock’s brilliant mind.
were the words that greeted him, written in curly cursive that squirmed and writhed as he shook out the piece of expensive looking paper.
Something in his brain stalled. God it was so obvious, it had been staring him in the face. He just didn’t want it to be true. Moriarty, sending videos, Sherlock’s face after the pool, the longing glances, the flirtatious teasing,  the way they watched each other in a room. God no wonder the detective thought they were blind. He wanted to be happy for them, he did. John was such a good influence on Sherlock, and he actually seemed to genuinely care about him. The soldier who fell in love with the sociopath.
I don’t see you going mental on screen, the man who actually is a war veteran, who actually got strapped to a bloody bomb by a psychopath that day! And, to add the cherry on top, the bomb went off and blew half the pool away! Hmm… I wonder who deserves to be having the meltdown!”
hope you enjoy,
Sherlock shook himself and scowled as John waved a hand in front of his face. He may love the short arse, but he would not stand to be called 'mop-head'. He had a perfectly fine head of curls, thank you very much, ones he knew John loved.
Sorry for the long wait! hope you enjoy it anyways, as always feedback is welcome and please do tell me if there are any huge mistakes.
” Sherlock, of course, was wide awake straight away, the only evidence of his rest was a large yawn emitted as he rolled slightly to encompass his bed mate in his long arms. Sherlock was amazed every time he woke up next to John; he couldn’t believe he was actually here, 8 months down the line, still in a relationship. Him, THE Sherlock Holmes. God the sentiment was repulsive, but he would bear it for John. Speaking of which… “John its Lestrade, answer it, nooow!” as he was speaking, he softly butted his chin against the top of the doctor's head, keeping rhythm with his whining, a soft smirk gracing his angular face.
John let out a heavy sigh and hiccupped a little.
"John..."
She turned to look at the two men in question and found them staring intently at each other, John's face a mask of stubbornness that even Sherlock could not break. Sherlock was stuck: beyond the normal details, and passed those of which he had deduced, he had no concrete idea as to what had John so... Skittish. He wasn't a mind reader, after all. His partner wasn't usually so reticent, having been in the army for a long while and growing up playing boys sports, which didn't really allow for shyness of any sort. It wasn't to do with the fact that the two yard employees would see him naked then. But that didn't correlate with his other data! Frustrated, Sherlock leaned closer to John, a hand coming up to prop his head in a comfortable position. With his eyes narrowing, Sherlock began to parse through the bog of emotions and things taken for granted that clouded his mind.
A loud slap rang through out the room as John snapped his partner out of his growing hysteria, the doctor part of him coming to the forefront and giving him an unnatural calm.
He bounded over to him and revelled in the wide eyed look John gave him seconds before he kissed him enthusiastically yet chastely on the lips, hands framing his face.
Beside him, Sherlock heard John sigh and caught him mouthing to Lestrade across the room: irrelevant.
Gently grabbing hold of Sherlock’s shaking arms, John pushed him so he was standing upright, his chest heaving as he tried to catch his breath. John stood up slowly with him, so as not to startle the detective as he fought for control.
“I’m sorry, I really am sally but I need you here. 1: you’ve already watched and I can’t let you out of this room without signing some crappy paperwork: I’m not saying you would, but this could be all-round the office like a bad smell if I’m not careful, you get me? 2: you’re my second witness, I should legally have a third in here but… this needs to stay hush-hush with as few people as possible for now. God, I’m gonna have to go through all these at least twice. And 3: my most important bloody one, I am not sitting in this room by myself with Sherlock and John watching this, no sodding way. Not after Sherlock has tried his best to become the ‘Highly-functioning sociopath’” As sally listened, her sullen expression decreased until her face screwed up in slight horror.
John was actually quite touched by this. If even Sally could see past her prejudices, maybe others could as well, given time. But she was correct, john thought bitterly, he was the only one to believe in Sherlock's emotions, to see past the sociopathic front he put on. The only one to bother to nurture that neglected, shrivelled seed of intimacy and affection that was within his blackened heart.
"What, did you think you would side-track me by talking? Not gonna happen. I may be less intelligent than you but I know when someone's trying to distract me. Sit down, get comfortable and try not to die of embarrassment."
“Oh so glad we amuse you Donovan, Anderson not available at the moment? His wife’s home, though I suppose you would know after that close call last week.” John and Lestrade sighed the same weary breath as the two began arguing back and forth, and John had to force down the smile that arose when his Sherlock got petty, a defence mechanism obtained when he felt like he was being made fun of.
"Also, it sometimes gives John some great ideas to try out." Sherlock continued, now smirking to himself like the cat that got the cream as he remembered vividly the time he deduced that Swedish fellow who had tried to blackmail the duo into helping him.
"John don't be an idiot. use that brain of yours I know that you have, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you if you were part of the drooling mass that makes up this godforsaken planet."
“… Ha, well if you’re so up on your high horse, freak, why don’t you wait and see the ‘evidence’ Moriarty has blessed us with? You think you’re such a genius, you’re just a hypocritical arsehole, I don’t know how john puts up with you, the sex must be amazing. Either that or he gets off on being masochistic.” Sherlock’s eyes widened and his nostrils flared slightly as he took a slight step back, coincidently so he was closer to John. John glared between Sally and Greg furiously. There was something not right going on here, Sally now looked sickened by what she said and John could see that she hadn’t meant to come across so… harshly. This was more than the petty insults the two fired at each other normally, and he was getting sick of this waiting around. Lestrade tried to step in.
” Sherlock spoke quietly, barely able to be heard by the audio bugs. John instantly dropped his hand and stared in shock. “
Sherlock looked over at him, eyes flickering over his face and body. Cheeks slightly flushed, won't look at me or the others: embarrassed then, but not so much over their relationship, he wouldn't be acting like this with Sherlock if it was. So, something John had done, whilst Sherlock wasn't there. Could be anything at this point, yet he wouldn't blush at just anything. Therefore: sentimental, or sexual. Sherlock let his gaze run over him again. Ahhh, both. He forced himself to give his whole attention back to the matter at hand as John's voice permeated the room, hoarse and slightly despairing, quiet. Talking to himself in the hallway of 221. Sherlock was intrigued, he had never known John to talk to himself much, he was a quiet man, one who did not waste time with inane conversation. which was one of the many things that Sherlock loved about him.
"When did the package arrive?"
Well, it's been an age. I always had this fic in the back of my mind and felt so crap for never finishing it. Re-reading it now is embarrassing but I'm not going to change anything other than tidy up some typos/grammar. I've not been a part of this fandom for a long time now, and like most people I've spoke to I was disappointed with what we got in the end. My Sherlock and John deserve some kind of happy ending, so I'll get there. Here's my first chapter and first attempt at writing in about 6 years. I can't promise it will be done quickly, but it WILL be done. At some point. Continuity wise, I hope I manage to match everything up ok but if it sounds like it's written by a different person, that's because I AM now a different person! From what i understand, speech that is all italicized is from the surveillance tapes.
lucky. He
Sherlock stood behind John’s armchair, curls in extreme disarray, hands automatically raised in a ‘surrender’ position. Even in the depths of misery and confusion, Sherlock had still remembered that John could be dangerous, and tonight especially may have triggered an episode of detachment. Being woken from sleep by a loud cracking noise wasn’t exactly a breakfast in bed for the average PTSD suffering veteran, let alone one who had spent the evening strapped to a bomb, played with emotionally and then had to witness that same bomb explode, albeit a hundred or so feet away.
Before Lestrade had chance to retaliate, John looked over at him with an apologetic expression and made his way over to his partner and gently tugged on the curls at the nape of his neck in a soft reprimand.
John decided to chip in at this moment, already getting into the drill as if he was questioning a suspect with Sherlock. On cases where that happened, John always thought of the two of them as a well-oiled machine, each with their specific roles. Most of the time, his partner would just eye them and their surroundings up, deducing whilst also causing the suspects to feel on edge and flustered. John saw it as the bad cop good cop routine, but had refrained from ever saying that out loud again. He enjoyed not being glared at so hard his ears may catch on fire, and after making Sherlock watch those police action movies...well, John believed the term to be 'not impressed'. In fact the term may be 'John, this is utter rubbish, I can't believe how anyone could conduct a successful questioning with this amount of something that is meant to be called intelligence' and so on and so on, until John had a lump of sulking Sherlock on his hands. Not his best idea ever, he had to admit. Anyway It was his job to seem the calm, friendly one, asking questions that on the surface seemed simple yet were extremely effective, sandwiching and toning down the big ones that Sherlock shot out of his mouth that lead to that all important final answer.
They proceeded to do just that, and in no time the partners in crime were ready and standing awkwardly outside their respective rooms.
"I'm not that much of a soppy idiot, honest! We have eight months of frustration to make up for after all."
It didn't seem ridiculous anymore.
John didn't want to look up. He didn't want to see the pity that would be in Donovan's and Greg's eyes. Sherlock was deathly quiet beside him and he didn't want to know what he was thinking. He didn't want to find out how pathetic Sherlock had seen him. He didn't want
!” Sherlock found himself staring at John, wondering how a morning could be so perfect and turn out like this, one little phone call and the hologram of his self-image in his mind-palace ran frantic through the halls. He heard as if from a great distance away -
"Oh yes, you missed that." John blushed a bit and Sherlock's cheeks went a bit pink. "It turns out Sherlock and I knew each other and we were both here the summer James Pendergrass was murdered."
"I am supposed to ask you that." His voice was tight with emotion but he could clearly see John's smile.
"P-Please!" John begged, finding friction against Mycroft's belly and bucking up into it repeatedly as he sought some relief for the fire pooling inside him. Mycroft chuckled and pulled away from Sherlock, smirking more as he affected his normal demeanor though he had been utterly shaken to his core. That kiss had revealed volumes about his brother and how often those secret thoughts graced their minds. How often had the other considered sharing in such carnal pleasures with him? Why had he worked so diligently to keep himself so removed? Thousands of questions burned into his mind but his brother's voice cut through the cacophony of thoughts.
. His chest felt constricted, like he couldn't breathe. Mycroft had told him, but he had not believed a word of it.
"And does the thought of someone else taking him make you upset?"
"I took the liberty of having your car brought here. The driver will take you to the warehouse. I will have a medical team waiting. Sherlock," Mycroft's face tightened slightly. "Do be careful." Sherlock's reply was shouted over his shoulder and back at Mycroft.
“Yes, he learns quickly when given proper motivation.” Mycroft’s tone was cool, defending John easily. "I was not wrong to find favor in his desire for knowledge and I am most pleased to see that the Duke has an accurate impression of his potential."
"She will be perfectly fine, John. I will ensure she has every precaution needed. You still do not seem to realize that
"Like this?" He knew his smirk was easy to read in his voice as he slid his fingers over John's arm.
“Excellent shot, Mary dear.” James pured. “This is really your doing, John. Sending Sebastian the information on how that Eastern herb could be used to control vampires. What did you think he wanted that information for? You are so hopelessly naive, not seeing what is right in front of you.” His eyes were wide and angry as he walked over and grabbed John by the throat.
"Well that is quite the right moment for me to interrupt I believe." Mycroft smiled but it came off as somewhat dark, his attention turning to John's father directly. "You see Lord Watson it has come to my attention that my younger brother has rather taken an interest in your only son. As my brother has spent the whole of his life choosing to ignore the attentions of others this makes your son rather important in the scheme of my brother's life. Naturally that makes it of utmost importance that I work with you to secure John's hand for my brother's taking." John's sister smirked just slightly, hiding behind her handkerchief as Moriarty glared at John. Her pleased smile was the only one they got, instead his mother looked livid.
“This won’t do, we’ll leave some of our luggage behind so you two may ride with us.”
soldier. Your wounds make you who you are. Some of your wounds are new. Caused by
"Mmhmm." Hamish said softly, nodding and wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck and cuddling into John.
"Very well, I shall return later and attempt to speak with him" Moran stood and left. Mycroft stared after him for a long time, a muscle twitching in his jaw. There was danger under his mask and he was sure it was somehow related to the mender.
The four of them ate in relative peace, Mycroft dismissing himself first and the Lestrade shortly after. A small smirk playing at the corners of Sherlock's mouth as he turned to survey John fully. They were all alone in a fancy restaurant, John had some concerns.
“You say I am the fool…”  John walked to the edge of the roof.
"You'll forget the world soon enough," He promised, rolling them so he was above his lover. They were almost completely naked, which Sherlock used to his advantage. His mouth finding purchase on every inch of John's skin he could reach. John groaned, arching up into his touch. "Now that you're strong enough and we're far from my scheming brother I can finally bond with you properly." He spoke, his words vibrating against John's skin. John could feel his aura as Sherlock's magic opened to him, begged John's to merge with it, to give in. "
"My father was homophobic to the point of violence." John said softly and he conceded that he would have to say more as Sherlock's attention was on him now which mean he felt it was relevant to the case. "Harry and me both knew pretty young what we liked and that what we liked wasn't what he wanted us to like. She liked girls and I liked boys. Harry is five years older than me, so about the time my father caught on to the fact I might like boys better than girls, she already had her first girlfriend. Sometimes I swear I can still hear him screaming at her." He closed his eyes, not wanting the emotion to show on his face. "Mom never defended us but she never really took his side either. She sort of just let him do what he wanted. So he screamed at Harry, and when that didn't work they sent her to some specialist. Then to several counselors. Before long she'd had enough and decided to run away, I think her girlfriends parents let her stay there for awhile. She ran away the end of the summer James' was murdered. She'd already been planning it, but I think the breaking point for both her and my relationship with her was when she saw how I..." He opened his eyes, tensing but looking down at Hamish to keep his face blank. "Basically I betrayed her. I'd been her biggest supporter my whole life, saying she should love or like whatever she wanted but I was so wounded by the way the summer turned out that I shoved my truth deep inside myself and started to pretend I fancied girls. So she ran away, first to her girlfriends house and then to stay with our grandparents until she was able to get into a youth home. She met a counselor who helped her process a divorce from my parents and she became her own legal guardian at seventeen. She refused to talk to me and our relationship just fell completely apart. Meanwhile I was back home, the pride of Dad's eyes because I was dating girl after girl. All the while rotting away inside because I wasn't happy." He sighed and a tear slid down his cheek. He looked back up as Sherlock came over and took the sleeping Hamish from his arms, settling down on the couch with him so he could watch John and so John could feel.
"Oh it's obvious isn't it?" Sherlock strode to him, nothing but heat in his eyes. John felt himself shiver in spite of the warmth brewing in his stomach. He easily felt himself melt into the control of Sherlock's gaze. "A cottage out in the middle of nowhere, no suitcase, and four days alone with only me..." The growl that accentuated the words melted John's mind and he was no longer able to think clearly.
“Talk to me…” Sherlock pleaded, however, John refused to speak another word. John watched as Sherlock finally left the room to begin packing, a stone sinking in his stomach.
"It would be welcome to take in some fresh air." John sighed softly, sinking down into a chair. He sipped the blood however his entire body tensed as the sound of the doors opening from Mycroft's study echoed in the quiet of the falling twilight. He moved to retreat to the library but found himself pausing as a weight of sadness he knew was not his own settled into his chest. He dropped back down into his chair just as Sherlock's voice echoed through the silence.
"Dominic is Uthur's son?" Sherlock repeated.
"I was not aware you were awake, little mender." Mycroft smiled as John smiled at him.
"No, I am sorry." John whispered softly, looking down as he flushed with shame. He had to tell Sherlock his truth, his heart ached. "Sherlock, I am not worthy of your heart for mine too easily allows room for your brother." He bit his lip nervously. "I find myself desperate to see both of you happy and I should belong solely to you."
" Sherlock sighed.
"There is no need for all of this Sebastian. I have told..." John began but Sebastian cut him off, leaning slightly forward.
"Stowy time?" Hamish asked excitedly and John smiled. He pulled the key out of his shirt pocket and handed it to Hamish. Hamish instantly turned it over and over, trying to learn every detail he could about the key.
“We should go straight away.” Sherlock whispered, sitting down to breakfast.
"It was but he disappeared shortly after that. By then Sherlock and you had reunited and Harry told me how she'd convinced Sherlock to let her repay you two with a child. She was so proud to be able to bear you a son, to bring little Hamish into this world." John's eyes were glassed over and he looked down.
"Yes, so I have been told." Sherlock snapped, angry for being interrupted. "So I have decided that an alternate method is needed. Naturally with the press breathing down our backs if I gave John a ring they would automatically assume we were engaged. A ring will also present the same message as the mark to those who are looking for it. It also means that if anything were to happen to either of us we would be able to maintain control over the other's health, financial, and legal issues. Something I feel will be important if John and I are to begin working together as detectives."
“Oh, everything is perfectly fine. Sherlock is simply thinking over… A problem that someone asked him to consider.” John caught himself, very nearly giving away Gregory’s use of Sherlock with his work.
“You do every day. You are definitely a unique paradox.” Sherlock smiled and kissed him hard. “And all mine.”
"Hamish Gregory!" She snapped and he pouted. John and Greg burst into a huge fit of giggles, revealing themselves from behind the couch. Sherlock slowly arched himself over the back of the couch and lay down, claiming his ship for himself.
"I think you like being spanked more than you've previously told me." Sherlock's voice hummed in his ear as those long fingers started to toy with the tight ring of muscle that quivered.
They giggled more and once they were both dressed John opened the door. Hamish was already dressed and he was standing by the table beaming, which could only mean that Mrs. Hudson helped him make breakfast again. Both Sherlock and John flinched slightly remembering the last time that had happened. Burnt toast and scalded coffee aside that little face was too cute to ignore so they’d eaten it with gusto, which they would be only too happy to do again - however just as they crossed the living room a young man knocked on the door.
- Sherlock's shoes were dusty, a red color covering them -
"Nothing, forget it. Let's pack. I don’t want this turning into another Baskerville where you have to use half my stuff because you forgot your own.” John barked at Sherlock and with a piece of toast half in his mouth he stood and moved toward the bedroom.
"All of them?"
I'm working on the sequel to this story called Princes and Kings - I have two different ideas about the direction of the sequel most likely involving Parent!Lock. If you have any prompts/ideas/thoughts please send them my way!
John slowly woke because he felt like something was buzzing in his ears. He did not open his eyes for a long moment, letting his hearing take precedence. He could hear the footsteps of others above him, the sound of voices chattering away about nothing, and if he was not mistaken even the sound of the rain falling outside on the sidewalk. The bed felt different against his body, the elegant robe Mycroft had given him was soft and delicious against his sensitive skin. The pillow brushing his cheek felt strangely rough in places but soft in others. He could smell Sherlock and Mycroft, though their scents were faint and further away than he expected when he first woke. Each breath brought smells and tastes into his awareness until his brain seemed to be spinning with effort. He groaned softly only to find that two very different touches fell on his arm and back simultaneously.
"I do, God I do. You... I told you when we were on the Lindberg case." He mumbled, his voice muffled by moans and whimpers.
"And so he got his vengeance on her and all that was left was you. Put your hands where I can see them." She looked up at him with wild eyes before she sprang.
"Sherlock do not be such a child, John was right to wait." He purred, softening his eyes slightly as he gazed down into John's face. John flushed slightly and found his breath hitched in his chest. "I am the authority in this coven and had he told you directly you might have flown off into a rage. Here we may all calmly deal with this together. So
Elizabeth was sitting in the dining room when the servant escorted the group in and she looked very worried by the look on their faces. Moriarty was sitting with his face in his hands, as if ashamed of something, but his body language distracted from the impression. Mycroft narrowed his gaze however instead of speaking he turned to Sebastian, giving him reign where matters of his coven were due. Both men did not attempt to conceal their raised eyebrows as James jumped up from his place on the couch and moved over to the men.
"Oh Lord, you're serious aren't you? You only call me Greg when it's serious." He sighed and ran a hand over his face. "If he died would it kill you?"
"I believe so yes. Now we can go back to our normal insanity." Sherlock smiled, john squeezed his hand slightly.
Sherlock stalked over to the couch and all but shoved the dossier out of John’s hands, grabbing the lapels of his shirt and kissing him as he pushed him back further into the cushions. John groaned, and his hands scrabbled to find purchase on the other, groaning when he suddenly had a lapful of Sherlock. Sherlock’s mouth was relentless against him, his tongue plunging deep inside the other as if trying to devour him. John could do nothing but submit, the noises coming from him wanton and feral as he continued to be ravaged by the other. Suddenly Sherlock pulled back and stood, leaving John in what felt like a vacuum. He put one hand in his hair and rushed over to the bookshelf where he had meticulously copied a few of the previous cases Gregory had asked him for assistance on as a consultant. John grumbled with displeasure as Sherlock pulled away but recognized the look on his face.
each other. Sherlock embraced John fully, letting his hand run up into John's hair and crush his body against his own. The feel of their bodies touching was not what either of them had imagined it to be, but was so incredibly relieving to both of them. They felt the tension melt away in each other before a new feeling began to replace it. When they finally came up for air, both of them disheveled and hair a mess John looked Sherlock dead in the eyes.
"I killed her." She shouted. "I cut my name all over her little body. Just like I did your little pet, Johnny boy," She'd stepped back towards John, as if guarding him from Sherlock. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, deducting the situation to find his next move when Kitty let out a shriek. John, utilizing an amount of strength that Sherlock didn't know he'd still possessed kicked Kitty's legs out from under her, hooking one of her legs in such a way that a pistol slid out from a holster on her thigh.
"My skin is so clean." John whispered, touching his face. His eyes were glowing and the color of the outfit Sherlock picked made him look like a prince. The transformation had really made him beautiful if he did say so himself.
"You are healing from a terrible ordeal
“Meaghan brought you home.” He whispered, not fighting the few tears that fell.
"Listen to me I am not gay!" Mrs. Hudson sighed and walked passed him, patting him on the arm. He clenched his fist.
"Don't. You have nothing to be sorry for." It was a final tone, an end to the discussion.
fledgling to tell us the truth, since my weight as
"Oh John, a daughter..." She clasped his hand. "Please, will you stay and tell James? He has been resting all day and does not know of my illness or the cause." She sank back tiredly.
"Please..." He whimpered, lowering his eyes.
" His tone was smug as he turned to look at him. Sherlock put his hands under his chin as he was want to do when thinking.
"Is that some sort of promise?" John said quirking an eyebrow. He was amused by what felt like teasing between them. He lay back as if content in some victory he believed he'd gotten.
"Right," John flushed with shame, looking away. Sherlock moved over to sit down next to him on the bed, putting his hand on John's arm.
It had been ages since they'd touched each other for more than five minutes and something in both of them had been wound so tightly it had almost snapped. The passion between them was always strong and they'd been denied from expressing it as easily as they had in the beginning. For three years now they'd barely had any moments to themselves, except for that very heated make up weekend after their two month separation. Sherlock closed the door to their bedroom and almost ripped John's shirt off desperate to put his hands on
"I hate it." John said grumpily. "It's overly starched, I'm guessing Mrs. Hudson was crying while she ironed it. I miss my jumper. I'm cold." John hadn't meant it as a complaint but it was the truth. He suddenly felt the weight of something on his shoulders looking up to see that Sherlock had removed his jacket and placed it around John. "Sherlock..." He blushed slightly.
" He promised, his breath ragged in his chest.
“Go on you two, I’ll look after Hamish.” Mrs. Hudson smiled.
"Because you were better than this, John! You had your choice of women. You're pathetic just like James was. Giving up the women in your life and committing this crime against nature. Men were meant to be with women John. I didn't raise you to be like this!"
"Oh my John," Sherlock whispered and John's eyes snapped up to meet his gaze. He furrowed his brow, surprised to find gentleness where he expected anger. Sherlock came close to him and cupped his cheek. "All this time he has rejected you and you never once told me." He whispered, pulling John tightly to his body.
"The same." Sherlock said softly, the little case finding its' way back into his hand. "Only I have an entire wing of my mind palace that has seemingly reappeared." He mused, no longer out of sorts about confessing these things to John. "It's locked though, but I can hear children laughing..." John knew this was somehow linked to the case.
Instead he watched his face as Sherlock gently reached out to touch his chest. He moaned softly as his fingers softened and followed every line, every muscle, and every scar. Trailing over every inch of his skin he could reach. He watched as John's mouth parted under his touch thoroughly enjoying as he melted under his fingers. John's eyes slid closed and he released himself completely into Sherlock's touch, the effect of which was so beautiful to Sherlock that it took all he had not to run. Not to flee from the vulnerability they would share if they continued on in this relationship. He decided however that if John was going to put himself on the line, he wasn't going to stop until John said to. Sherlock's fingers danced over his body like they did the strings of his violin: learning every creased, every indent, and every mark. He varied the touch from feather light tickles to a deep sensual pressure as he worked. His eyes and hands taking in all they could as he worked.
"You can't bottle this up John." He whispered, resting his chin on John's head.
"Yes, but it’s pronounced really." Sherlock tutted, John shook his head.
"Drink me! Please..." He begged. "Take me into yourself as you claim me!"
"I love hearing you describe how you're feeling." He smirked more, leaning in to press soft kisses over his ear.
"I went to the cemetery..." John's face was tight. "I practiced... Where you could…” John was very red and looked away.
"Are you not concerned about facing my family? They will believe you to be my fiancé."
"I had
"I told you not to challenge me." Sherlock's voice was still soft as he caressed John's cheeks. "You look utterly exhausted… And I haven't even broken a sweat yet."
“Mycroft, Sherlock…” He started but he was cut off when Sherlock slapped Mycroft hard across the cheek.
"Very well." John said softly, his eyes on the floor. Mycroft sighed.
"So you're saying that I should correct this situation because it will make him forgive me?" Mycroft almost laughed at the incredulousness of the statement.
"So tight..." Sherlock clawed into his shoulders, waiting for a long moment before he slowly began to pump his hips in and out of John. John moaned loudly, his neck exposed and his whimpers desperate.
"I don't believe she intended to meet with him at all, I think he surprised her when he showed up at the restaurant she went to. He told her that he'd found a man willing to marry her and make her very wealthy in the process, if she would turn away from you and from her girlfriend. She refused outright and he vowed he would not let her continue on the way she was. He had learned about Uthur's attempt to destroy his bloodline in retaliation for destroying his and James' and he decided that if that was how Uthur wanted to play then he would confront him first. Marcus wanted to set a war ablaze in the Order so he poisoned her using the Serpent's Claw. He deliberately used the Serpent's Claw for each of those murders." He saw Sherlock's look and sighed witheringly. "The Serpent's Claw is a talon shaped dagger type weapon. It has been the ceremonial weapon of choice for the Order for centuries. It is rarely used these days but when it is, it is done for a killing that is seen as purging the Order of some darkness believed to be creeping in via the member who is murdered." He looked up at John, seeing how tightly wound his face was. Sherlock was watching John closely as well.
Shit, he was getting off topic. He sighed and rubbed his eyes hard enough to create little blue spirals, destroying the images laid out on his eyelids. Back to the case. Back to the tapes... Oh fuck, there were another couple of images he was going to have burnt onto his retinas soon. Best get it over with; he did not want to dwell on his best friends sex life thanks very much, although he really couldn't help the curiosity.
(See the end of the chapter for
He just hoped Moriarty wouldn’t ruin all their relationships beyond repair.
Sherlock felt like an even bigger imbecile than before. He had already admitted to himself that John was still a bit of a blind spot in his deductions, especially those related to emotions, but he had never thought John would believe he was capable of just swiping away his lovers feelings like an annoying gnat. He was becoming a bit fed up, actually, and more embarrassed by the minute. John was not that stupid or blind, surely, unless Sherlock had been completely wrong and John did not want their relationship to become public news. No, no he knew John, he would never use him like that, like a toy that could be thrown away at anytime. No that was stupid, stupid, stupid. No harm in collecting evidence though, was there.
John stood up and roughly took Sherlock by the shoulders, stopping him dead.
"I- what really? What did I say?"
Sherlock was listening to Lestrade carefully, trying to figure out how serious this case was by the inflections in his voice: Pretty damn serious, if Sherlock was correct. His tone was low, as if he didn’t want other people to hear, even though he was in his own office going by the lack of background sound that came through. A psychological response to distress and secrets to be kept on the down low. A personal matter then, something connected to himself, Sherlock and John. His London accent wavered around syllables like reflections distorted around a pool, rippling as though he was burdened by a heavy weight.
"Come Lestrade, everyone does it- pun not intended. I don't see why it's a big deal, considering almost the whole population of Britain or even the world has 'done the deed' as they say. I could deduce, if I really wanted to, which I don't, the last time either you or Donovan had debased your selves to carnality and how you went about it: with another, on your own, what style or what equipment. But John has forbid me from doing so to members of the met. He says to save it for when clients are being annoying, and I like to do it when he needs cheering up: he finds their facial expressions hilarious, it never fails to make him laugh." Sherlock smiled over at his partner, as if he were sharing an inside joke. John just looked pleasantly surprised at the fact that Sherlock would do such a thing for John's own happiness. It made his heart warm, albeit how weird the notion was.
Both times, before Lestrade had called, and before they had decided to watch the first tape, they had sat in awkward silence: the first time preceding Greg getting up and pushing the disc in the rest of the way and snatching the remote off of the side, Sally and he having an internal argument with each other through their eyes about who would be brave enough to get up and do it. The second time was due mostly to shock, and not a small hint of regret at the dirty feeling they had once they had finished watching.
Now Moriarty had turned up, sent his own personalised gift to Lestrade’s very own office. It had been waiting for him, after he returned from getting a shitty coffee from the Yards break room. He had sat down, not thinking much about the stack of DVDs placed upon his desk, waving them away as some evidence from his last case. After 5 minutes of trying to swallow the coffee and spinning slightly in his chair, his curiosity had finally prevailed, and he opened the envelope that he had only just noticed to the side of the innocuous stack.
Sherlock felt overwhelmed. He could not have dreamt this happening to him, not in all his destructive yo- yo life. He was an ex drug addict, an absolute arse hole who hadn't cared about anyone before John had turned up out of the blue. He was selfish and arrogant to an extreme level, and had only just realised that he was not the sociopath he thought he had been. John had changed him, and he may not have welcomed that fact at first but he now craved for John's approval, the change not being forced or asked for by John himself; rather, Sherlock had wanted to change for John, to be someone that John Watson deserved. And here was his partner, saying he did not deserve Sherlock of all people, whilst he stared at him like a half whit instead of getting on his knees and worshipping the man. Who cared who saw? He had waited for ages to tell John, and now was the time. Hmm... Maybe not right here, who knows what had been on this floor. No point getting his dress trousers dirty when he could wait until they got home to get on his knees. Maybe then he could use his mouth for something other than talking to please his doctor.
Oh, so they were going to have this out straight away, were they? Sherlock would have preferred to wait, at least until he had had a chance to see the letter Moriarty had sent them, but that was not going to happen. I suppose if they discussed this now, they could save time later.
Sherlock was not taking any chances.
There was a deep silence, only broken by the rustling sounds over the audio. Sally broke the fiery eye contact and looked down at the floor, the sneer sliding off her face as she suddenly felt ashamed. Lestrade finally cleared his throat and pointed at the screen.
<>***<>
"John I would appreciate it very much if you would not call me that again. I have warned you more than once, yet you seem to need reminding every time. I may be forced to put your mug on the top shelf like last time."
Greg decisively got up and walked to the desk, settling himself into his seat as he grabbed the remote. He set them to rewind and glanced up at the three of them, taking in their hesitant expressions, and in the case of Sherlock and John, major embarrassment factored in. He grinned as he teased them.
Lestrade was once again muted, there was no point in trying to prevent this train wreck from occurring. To be honest, it was easier for him if Sherlock just figured it out, no more stuttering and looking like a fool in front of him. He watched sympathetically as Sherlock reacted and john stared down at him like he always did, a slight, affectionate tilt to the head that said: go on, you git, tell me what you deduced now. After his initial (what Lestrade liked to call his deduction  gasp) sound of enlightenment, Sherlocks face morphed into an array of configurations, ranging from confusion, derision and then a slightly horrified look as he paled with each passing moment.
"Right okay, when you take it out of context like that-" John was cut off at that point, as Sally decided to finally throw in a comment.
He directed his mind outwards to observe what was going on. John was knelt in front of him, his hands bracketing his own face and fingers slightly stroking the ridge of his zygomatic arches as he talked him through breathing. It must have been at least a minute since he had last actually been able to see beyond the cacophony occurring in his skull. Sally's reaction surprised him. She was looking at him worriedly (for her) as he came back, her hands holding his wrists tightly as she counted out his pulse which was just starting to slow. He could see by the indents made in her fingers and the barely there pale pressure marks that she had pried apart his fisted hands. Lestrade had his back to him, filling a tiny plastic cup with the bottle of water that always adorned the DIs desk.
"God no, really? What are you, 12?"
"You must understand John, I don't know how to convince you otherwise. I'm no good at this. You're the first person who I've ever felt remotely close to in a loving way. Yes, before you say it, there is Mrs. Hudson of course and Lestrade to an extent- don't look at me like that Greg, I know about your little 'paternal' conversations with John,"
“Sally for Christ sakes they do have names you know! And yes, they’re on their way, although they have no idea what’s waiting for them. Well, unless I ‘spose Sherlock’s deduced it somehow or another, he guessed it was Moriarty almost straight away, the genius git.”
And that was before I even knew what I felt about you!" John shook his head and laughed, not like on the tape, a real laugh that made Sherlock feel better about everything. "but it
He fell on his arse with a cry of alarm as Sherlock shouted and sprung from his seat like a maniac jack in the box, his long limbs still managing to look elegant.
I know the tapes have STILL not been watched. just a bit of extra suspense for you
John looked up, astonished at Sherlock's tone of voice. So quiet and… careful, as he stared dead forward, not even glancing his way. Sherlock was trying to process all this new information about the doctor; another wrong deduction.
Hahahaha... I'm screwed.
His face is now a flaming red.
"What I feel for you is magnified by millions compared to them. You- you never want to irreversibly change me, and you accept me as I am. John, you are much more of an idiot than I thought you were if you for one second believe that you don't deserve me. You are wrong, so laughably wrong. It is I who does not deserve you or your love. I know I shouldn't accept it, I should do the right thing and let someone else handle your amazing, human heart... But because I am selfish I will take that heart for myself and hoard it closely to my chest, right next to mine. I didn't want to... lose you. I want to keep you to myself, cling to you completely and I thought that if everyone knew, they would try their hardest to take you away from me, warn you and then you would suddenly realise that you deserve so much better. Or worse, take you away from me without your consent and harm you before I could find you. But you are mine, John Watson, and I hope to show you off to the world as such."
John gave a sad smile that portrayed his own self loathing, and Sherlock could not at this point stop himself from wrapping his arms around his blogger, hands resting naturally, casually as if a move that had been executed a thousand times before, on his waist. Their eye contact was extremely intense, more so then Lestrade or Donovan had ever seen between the two men. They debated on whether or not to give the couple some privacy, but that had long gone out the window.
“Black, two sugars please Mol-ahem. Sally. Thank you, Sally.”
"It's fine. It's… all fine, okay? Doesn't matter." '
He needed to stop this. Now.
Decision made, he pulled John by the hips until Sherlock could perch on the edge of the chair he had been sat in, John standing in between his thighs. He grabbed his hands and held them tightly, so tight that John's fingers changed from golden sunshine to bone white, bleached by the strength of Sherlocks grip.
"Sherlock... Sherlock, I need you to take some deep breaths for me, okay? That's it, in through your nose and out your mouth, just like we practiced. Lestrade, get me some water for him. Sally, come here and try and uncurl his fingers, he'll make his palms bleed otherwise."
And that was how Sherlock had first declared his love for him, never had said the words properly aloud until just this morning. He hadn't been able to, fear had pierced him at random times, the what ifs had piled upon him. If he said the words truly out loud, for everyone to hear, he might wake up. He may wake up from this fantastic fantasy, only to be dreaming in his four poster bed back at the chilly manor, or he could suddenly awaken from a coma, induced by drugs and his own helplessness.
"You hid your heart." Sherlock whispered and John very briefly met his eyes before he spoke.
"Yes, when we met in the mortal Solvanar shortly after my tenth birthday." John frowned.
alive." He whispered in reply, automatically leaning into the touch.
"YES!" Sherlock's voice was a whisper but he raised it as if yelling. "I took the card Mycroft, it's trivial and unimportant! We're losing time!"
“No witnesses, no one saw him get off the train, no one saw him come down here. His train ticket says he came in this morning. Three hour trip with a return booked tomorrow morning. He’s a younger guy, we’ve got an ID – Jared Pendergrass.” Greg rattled off. John snapped around and narrowed his eyes. Sherlock felt John's energy tighten and he looked at his husband with confusion.
"This is, mad." He said angrily, jumping to his feet. "I feel like I'm going to wake up in hospital somewhere in a white coat." He started moving about the room again trying to find something to focus on. His mind raced and he began rummaging through his closet sorting the clothes inside it. Without thinking he began to plan an outfit for dinner before a sudden realization hit him. Sherlock stood still where he had been, arms at his sides and eyes following John's every move. His eyes were focused and intent, scanning every action for meaning. John reached into his dresser and pulled out a pair of pants before freezing. Sherlock hadn't
Sherlock was quiet. He knew why he had got it so wrong, yet he didn't want to say it. The others might look at him in pity or John would in some misguided way get protective. He had always, always had trouble with this, the human condition. He had always believed there was no point in emotions, they were messy, complicated; the fly in the ointment of humanity, yet part of the very definition of the word.
2. John thought that, somehow, Sherlock would think less of him- which was preposterous,
Sherlock and John looked at each other, slightly panicked. There was an... admittedly huge list of things that could be considered illegal, not least of all John's gun. Sherlock was pretty sure Lestrade already knew about that though, so it was just... Thankfully, John stepped in at this point.
“It’s him isn’t it?” Sherlock interrupted mid-way through Lestrades pathetic attempt to explain. “Moriarty’s done something again, sent another message. What? And who for? Why would he, after all this time, suddenly reappear after not being able to be found? Lestrade! Come on, don’t sit there gaping at your desk, I don’t need a goldfish- I need
Watching Sherlock with increasing guilt slowly build up his walls and protect his self behind sneered words, John realised that he had to explain fast, otherwise he would be closed off for a while and he did not want to go through this ordeal with an upset Sherlock on his hands. They had to stand together, otherwise Moriarty would win and break them apart. Not caring that Donovan and Greg were watching Sherlock in avid wonder, as if staring at a rare animal, John pressed his palms to Sherlocks face and stepped closer, enough so that he was looking up at his boyfriends turned away chin.
It was Sherlock and Donovan’s own game anyway, to see who could insult the other the most. He tuned in as he registered with alarm the line that Sherlock’s’ mouth became as his face shuttered down all emotions.
“But you were there John. You came downstairs, ready to shoot any damn fool that would dare mess with us, with
The moment extends itself: warps beyond all measures of time as their breath mingles in the space between them, the particles of Sherlock bouncing and swirling against the particles of John, collision theory at its finest. We are all just particles, floating upon this ground, in this restricted space of each individual niche: every person meeting is a collision, every old acquaintance bouncing off a limping individual, every chance encounter between a detective and a doctor teaching at St. Barts creates a new chain of events, until two particles collide in a lab on a non-descript day and manage to ignite.
He grinned, trying to lighten up the situation a bit more, knowing that Sherlock was getting unbearably frustrated due to his mirth. Sherlock felt himself become calmer, although he was still a bit miffed that John might not be taking him seriously enough.
John sounded so affectionate at this that it could never be mistaken for a slur. “
"Oh Jesus Christ, no." John moaned as he held his head in his hands for a moment.
Sherlock snorted at this, and John swotted at him playfully, as Greg spluttered slightly as the conversation did a one-eighty on him. God, Sherlock just had to make this difficult, didn't he. Although, he could completely understand. He might be willing to bend the rules a little, considering the circumstances. Shit, if his superiors found out... Well, they could just watch them for themselves, couldn't they? Lestrade really couldn't see them cautioning him for a slight tweak, not unless they wanted to comb through every piece of footage several times.
. God, I thought Watson would be a good influence on him; maybe he would prevent him from going full psychopath. I swear it’s gotten worse, they’re as bad as each other!” Now Greg was completely side tracked, if he had to fill out another bloody 36 page long incident form out on them again he would… Groaning slightly, Lestrade fidgeted.
A closed circuit. An unstable equilibrium.
Well.
"Yes. Yes I think it matters John. It
Their heads whipped around at the same time to stare at the innocent blackberry buzzing across the bedside table, a generic tune playing unaware. They looked back at each other in silence, faces carrying only a ghost of the previous happiness. Their minds ran through the same vein: please continue, don’t stop ringing, please.
John is still panting against the wall, still staring at Sherlock like he hadn’t just made the
the detective bit his lip as the two friends made eye contact, before bursting out into laughter that bordered on hysterical.
He snarled in John’s face, giving him such an intent look that John was rooted to the spot, unable to move as if medusa herself had glanced his way. Sherlock looked frenzied for a second, until his features softened into despair and his voice was reduced into a whisper.
Sherlock laughed at that, breaking the tension in the room so suddenly that Donovan and Lestrade almost had the compulsion to slump to the floor.
” The tension morphed and spiked as John’s voice became unintentionally husky. They sat so close together, knees touching, with Sherlock’s hands still cradled gently within John’s. John’s tongue darted out to wet his lips, and Sherlocks’ parted as his gaze flickered down to follow that movement. They were suspended it that moment, teetering on the edge of something colossal. Sherlock began to lean in, and the picture was halted as Lestrade pressed pause once again.
There had to be more to this, and Sherlock for once did not want to find out.
He carefully took hold of his hand and pressed it against his chest, above his heart, so Sherlock could feel his heartbeat as well as his exaggerated lung movements. Sherlock calmed fairly quickly under the doctor’s tender care, until he sagged headlong into the uninjured, muscular shoulder that was wrapped in a comforting woolly jumper.
“Love, if it’s that important, Greg will ring
"Right, well. Boys, I got limited options here. I might be able to get the repeats down to two, and I think I can get away with just us four watching it, unless anything... Illegal occurs. Is there anything you can think of that would be described as such?"
“Sally… come in here and close the door. Sit down and don’t say anything, just listen…”
"Hey freak, bet you-"
Even with the depth of his slumber, he bolted up right as a muffled crash could be heard, the gun in his hands and his body half way out the door before seconds could pass, ever the soldier.
Hello!
"Of course he didn't tell me, I am a detective for a reason other than to save your so called reputation from diminishing due to the 'impossible' cases thrown your way. Now shut up, I'm trying to tell John how much I love him and you're ruining my speech flow. Where was I..? Oh yes..."
Through the speakers, an incomprehensible mumbling was heard.
"Thanks Greg, this means a lot to us, even though Sherlock might not acknowledge it."
He took hold of each of Sherlock’s hands and grabbed the kit which was still open and ready from earlier. Using sterile water pouches he wet some gauze and methodically cleaned and removed the dried blood once again. “
He forced himself to remove John's comforting embrace, closing off his emotions with a practiced motion.
Because she could see it. See the way that they just... Fitted. It shouldn't work. Sherlock was a cold, almost skeletal man who radiated the kind of posh, up his own arse beauty that would not look out of place on the catwalk. He had the arrogance to match it and all. He was a super genius, not caring about people, only taking cases for the thrill of the chase and the more gruesome the better. John was warm, full muscled and short, and where Sherlock was beautiful he was cute, the guy next door. John was so caring about peoples health, yes he enjoyed the cases but he was always there for the victim, dead or alive. They were polar opposites, the love of danger and their dark humour the only thing they seemed to have in common. It was like they were the sun and the moon, Sally thought. Sherlock was warmed by John's presence, and seemed to glow from his praises since the very first case. John was enhanced by Sherlock, and when he needed to step back and stop caring so much in order to think, Sherlock would dim his brightness, but never extinguish it.
“You’ll want to come.” Greg said darkly, turning his attention directly to John. A look Sherlock couldn't read passed between the two men and he quirked an eyebrow.
“Do not be so cruel to your brother my love, you know he cares deeply for both of us.” John chided as they dressed.
"I'm saying we should consider it. I don't want to leave our home any more than you do. It feels like running. But if it keeps us both safe..."
"I came to say goodbye." He whispered to the air, his eyes fixed on the chair in front of him. He didn't see the shadow at the door behind him, all he saw what the ghost of an image his mind provided him, sprawled over the black leather seat in front of him.
"Alright then," They were going to argue semantics. "I will never forgive you if you do."
"I'll come down once they eat." He promised and Greg nodded.
"Sherlock," John began again his voice cracking from emotion as he tried to be stronger than he was able. As he tried to be strong enough for both of them, though they both stood on the edge of failing. His face conveyed what he was trying to say, how he was trying to tell Sherlock that if he went to save her things would still somehow be okay. That they would still be okay. All of the things showing on John's face cracked Sherlock open wider and he pulled John into a crushing hug without regard for his injury. He had only relaxed when John had grunted in pain, but he kept John as close to him as he could.
"I don't know. I," John smirked. "I did mention that we were having you all here and told him what time, so we will see."
"This is different with you..." John protested but was cut off when Mycroft's mouth was on his again.
" He added softly.
“Do not…” Sherlock took a hesitant step forward, holding the wound where he had been stabbed. It was not healing as it should. His entire body was trembling and his mind kept fading in and out.
“John,” His sister said softly, clasping his hand. “Congratulations, I am happy for you. He is the only one worthy of you.” She whispered hurriedly before racing after the others. John sank down into a chair and sighed, his face in his hands. Sherlock could feel the sea of emotion passing easily over their bond and it worried him. He moved over and put his hand on his lovers' shoulders.
"The moustache goes." Sherlock replied firmly before he would let John kiss him again.
John tells Hamish the story of a Pirate Prince turned detective and the doctor Captain John.
"It's far enough away to allow relaxation…" Sherlock offered, shrugging.
"Then it doesn't matter what Mycroft did. You said it yourself; he doesn't control your heart." Sherlock claimed his lips in a fiery kiss before gently running his fingers through John's hair. He guided him over to the couch and started the process of redoing the bandage on his wound.
"That's... A good... Stowy Daddy." He muttered softly, fighting sleep.
"For you it will be." He cupped his cheek. "Since my brother took your blood and gave you his during acts of arousal. Do not worry, I shall endeavor to make
Here we are my dears! At the end of this lovely story. I know some people don't like Parent!Lock so I am glad to have found a reader in you! This epilogue is really a short little tie in for the next fic: The Pirate Prince and His Captain, which I will start writing in the next few months. That story will be entirely Kid!Lock written from the perspective of the consulting husbands during their summer at Pendergrass Manor.
"I'm not nagging!" Sherlock and Greg both giggled softly.
"How does her mind seem to stand?" He stood after a period of silence and moved towards the door.
"You know, I never mentioned how proud of you I was." Sherlock smiled and pulled John to him.
Sherlock kept their slow feverish pace and they went on for hours, the sounds of their moans echoing off the walls of the room as they tumbled over the edge of release again and again. Sherlock kept John awake and on the edge of reason until they both saw stars, collapsing in a sticky, sweaty heap and disappearing from the world for a long time. When their brains finally restarted it was all they could do to arrange themselves in some comfortable fashion and utterly collapsed. They sank to sleep almost immediately knowing they would absolutely have to bathe when they woke. Sherlock's arms protectively around his lovers body, clutching him tightly. John's face pressed to Sherlock's chest so their bodies wound together like the thread of their bond. The slept soundly, not waking until Anthea came to rouse them around lunchtime the next day.
"I locked it away, the door wouldn't open..." Sherlock sighed and John walked over holding up the key.
"Sherlock." He corrected sternly. "No I do not believe we have. However, I do believe that will change starting now." The man's voice was like a purr as he moved even closer to John. John had just long enough to wonder happily if he was going to kiss him, Sherlock's hand sliding towards his face before they heard someone open the doors to the balcony.
"Anthea told me the oath as repayment for her injuries." John replied simply, still remaining firm. Sherlock almost groaned with need.
," He forced out in a hissed whisper.
“S-Sherlock… You are incredible.” He praised softly in the others’ ear.
"I know what you felt. I could see it all over your face. I could see it in his face, hear it in his thoughts... He has been trying to gain your attention for awhile now but you were determined to fight it. So why should I allow you to claim him?"
"There is nothing for you to thank me for. Thank you, for being brave enough to try to love a man like me." John closed his eyes, listening to Sherlock's breathing. Silence fell for a few minutes as Sherlock considered how to tell John his decision.
“I know you are tired; however I must beg of you… How did this come to pass? Last I had heard Sebastian was keeping John away from everyone, hiding him. We have made several entreaties and nothing has ever come of it.” Mycroft frowned, which only deepened as she explained the story. She left out Sherlock, Greg and she having decided it would be best to see if Sherlock returned on his own.
“Ah, he put some pieces together for a case. You know how he can be.” He waved her off, dismissing her though she wanted to remain.
for tormenting him like this. Didn't she understand what she was doing? How much damage she was going to cause?! Her features darkened as she read their tiny movements. "Stop it, both of you. You're being very foolish and we're wasting precious time." She turned back and walked back to the coffee table. She paused to smell the flowers before turning back to them, Sherlock's energy changed again as he noticed something about the scene. "I can see from the look on your face Sherlock, that you're not entirely surprised to find me here. That's good that means you're putting the pieces together. The answer is right in front of you, as it has always been. The only thing I have left to give you is a clue: think about
“You certainly are preoccupied with danger. It is a pity James does not care for his pets so well as I do.” He threw the knife, watching as it slid across Sherlock’s shoulder before clattering to the ground. Sherlock barely grunted in pain as the cut began to bleed, but he felt fire in his body again. Some of John’s blood had still be on the blade. He shivered violently before turning and rushing from the room to the sound of Sebastian’s laughter and John’s grunts of pain.
. John caught his eyes as he was thinking those thoughts and blushed quite red. The predatory heat in Sherlock's gaze almost unmade John, but he managed to keep his calm. He nodded giving Sherlock the lead and followed him downstairs and out to the road to hail a cab. As they exited, neither of them speaking they both scanned the crowd of reporters around them. John was a bit behind Sherlock as he walked, letting a comfortable distance lapse between them before approaching the stopped cab. As he looked around he caught Kitty Riley standing there bold as brass. She tried to approach John but the look on his face must have stopped her as she suddenly just froze. She gave him a superior smile and then just waved as he followed Sherlock's silent command to get into the cab.
"John will be perfect as he always is." He snapped. John tensed.
Bear with me as we move forward here, I have most of the next few chapters outlined (and we will meet some other friends in the next few chapters) I just have to get the time to sit down and write them.
"Your phone is ringing." Sherlock grunted, rubbing his eyes.
“Please… I need you… I need it.” John whined, arching as arousal sparked through him.
"Would you like some tea or something to eat Molly?" John asked quietly, coming to kiss Hamish on top of the head as he snuggled into her.
"The Tribunal sentenced my grandson to sleep for ten years without blood and Mary was exiled from the coven. All her ties to us were stripped and her status as a Solvanaar were revoked. Her necklace was destroyed. I have pressed for my grandson to meet the same fate however the Tribunal is loath to do so due to my daughter's pleas." Moran sat back, his eyes hard.
"He's so much like you..." John relaxed into Sherlock's arms.
"John, focus on me." Sherlock whispered, putting his hand on John's knee. "Don't bottle it up. Talk it out."
"Yea," He conceded softly, his face tightening.
"Why do you keep him away?" Sherlock demanded, looking at his brother with confusion. "He fights me for hours to gain such little time with you, he endures my anger when he returns, suffers through so much to gain my favor to care for you and now I find he has been suffering for not." Sherlock's features were tight as Mycroft looked at him.
“Not from you. Not now. You do not know, you cannot possibly understand what he suffered when you let him leave. You have a mate and he fully appreciates and accepts that. Whatever was before, whatever we had… You and him, you and I, is over now and will never be again. Do not cross me.” Sherlock continued out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Mycroft watched after him for a long moment, a dark look blooming on his face as he realized the seemingly irreparable distance that now stood between his brother and himself.
"I'll send a messenger to the Duke in a short while. He will likely reply with haste and once we have received his word we will begin your preparations for your holiday in Paris. I believe a slight change of plans is in order, we shall have your public marriage before you go. You two will then go to Paris to celebrate on your own. Then you will return here and we shall proceed forward. We must be mindful to watch out for Moriarty, he is planning something."
Sebastian accompanied them back to Holmes manor, sinking down at a chair in the drawing room as the other men settled and watched him. He took the blood wine he was offered and the four men sat in silence for a long moment until he finally spoke.
. Sherlock's resolve had lasted almost a full twenty four hours before he'd taken the envelope from John's pocket. He'd done it while John was supposedly sleeping, so naturally he didn't know that John knew. John was deeply concerned and annoyed that Sherlock had yet to tell him what information was contained in the small envelope, preferring instead to believe that John hadn't seen him take it. Overall he was desperately ready to be out of the hospital. Away from the machines and the stark cleanliness of it all.
Mycroft let him continue for a long time, watching as John whimpered and fought the edge of darkness that tried to claim him. Eventually he pulled away, weakened by the experience but watching as John's eyes slowly closed into the sleep that came with the transformation. He grunted in pain and Sherlock looked momentarily terrified, turning his eyes to his brother for direction. Mycroft did his best to give Sherlock a reassuring look as Anthea came and helped him up.
"Sherlock where did you even get those?" He growled as Sherlock restrained his ankles with what felt like the equivalent of fluffy dog collars. Sherlock didn't answer instead he simply stood up and looked over the effect of his work.
“Coming Sebby.” He lilted. He got up and kissing Sherlock’s head like a child, he stroll from the room.
"We are on our way." Sherlock sighed and Anthea's footsteps could be heard heading away from the room.
"Just wait." Mycroft promised. He looked down at Sherlock who nodded eagerly. Mycroft handed him the oil and he prepared himself while Mycroft prepared John.
“Then neither will you!” Moriarty raged, managing to grab the edge of John’s jacket and pulling him over the edge.
.” He sneered.
“Daddy are we going someplace?” Hamish asked quietly.
“Oh, I am well, though it is getting rather chilly. Would you like some tea?” She offered, motioning to the café behind her. Sherlock paused as if in thought and then smiled.
"No. That's not why you did it." Sherlock shook his head slightly, raising his hand to John's cheek. "You did it because you wanted me to know you didn't doubt me. You wanted me to know someone still believed in me." A sob shook John as the tears came more quickly. Sherlock's hand gently caressed John's cheek as tears fell over his fingers, his own tears falling as well. "One more miracle…" He whispered they're eyes locked together. John hadn't known Sherlock had overheard that grave side conversation.
“Yes Lord Holmes.”
John smiled, though it did not reach his eyes, and continued about his daily routine. Another six months passed seemingly in the blink of an eye and John felt weary from it all. He was sitting in the bar below the inn, drinking some bloodwine when one of the scouts from Sebastian’s clan came through the door like a storm. He rushed over to John, grabbing him by the arm and dropping to his knees in supplication.
“Brother mine?!” Mycroft demanded, standing from his seat at the dining room table. John used the moment to scurry off, running to his room and closing the door behind him. He buried himself in the blanks, not wanting to know if Sherlock remembered or not.
“I knew he felt danger and that he felt there would be grief and darkness for us all,” Mycroft replied, anger burning into his features. Anger was comfortable and easy; anger gave him a foundation. Part of his soul had been ripped away by the Mender’s loss, how could Sherlock so easily dismiss that. He stood ready to battle his brother if need be, however, Sherlock’s rage only grew.
," Mycroft purred, instantly drawing John's gaze. He ghosted his hands over John's body, listening to him moan. "You become far too possessed of your lust in this state for us to continue to allow you free reign." He whispered darkly, grazing his teeth over the shell of the ear of the squirming mess of need that John was quickly dissolving into. "If you want the relief you desire you will do exactly as we say."
"So you do not have a true tutor?" Mycroft asked softly, almost kindly.
“Where are we?”
"I'll help." Molly smiled and jumped up, Mrs. Hudson followed her. The three women waved the men off as they made several trips out to the car.
"Because I didn't want anyone to think that I ever doubted you for even a moment." His chest heaved with his breath, both of them tight with anxiety, sorrow, and love. John's breathing was forced. He was measuring it as best he could.
"M-Mary..."
"Our drinks were poisoned." He forced out, his entire body shivering. He felt the way his body reacted, it was an aphrodisiac. John understood immediately, Moriarty intended to make Sebastian betray himself and his feelings for John and use the other to enforce Sherlock's anger.
"You won't like it." Sherlock leaned back and quirked an eyebrow.
"I can only try, John. I'm not like you. This isn't easy for me." Sherlock started to protest. John pulled him back for another kiss.
him to tell his secrets.
Now it was half five and he was wide awake, the house was silent, and there were no lights on. Alarm bells blared in his mind as he tried to fathom where Sherlock could be. He took a deep breath trying to remind himself that Sherlock could end up almost anywhere without respect to comfort or environment when he was in case mode. Trying, as he stood and fumbled with his bathrobe, to remind himself that Sherlock would stay completely still for hours or days lost inside the expanse of his mind. He was glad to see he'd managed to keep his socks on overnight and straightening them as much as he could he stood and began to pad about the room. Sherlock was nowhere to be found in the master bathroom or suite so John mentally crossed it off his list and moved out into the hallway. A single light shown in through the doors to the garden and showed John that Sherlock was not on the couch or at the dining table in the living room area. He slowly made his way into the second bedroom and the small office still coming up empty handed and doubt and fear began to gnaw away at him again. Had Sherlock lied? Was he gone? He'd stopped just outside the main bathroom and was preparing to go into the living room when he caught the outline of something on the floor in the bathroom. There sitting cross legged and perfectly still was Sherlock. John fought not to laugh at the image realizing that Sherlock must have started off there and never moved further into the house as he'd fallen asleep while thinking. The relief flooded through his body and he softly pulled the door to. He knew better than to try to wake Sherlock even to make him move to a more comfortable location. Waking Sherlock at a time like this was like poking a sleeping dragon - very dangerous for your health.
"I have." He sighed. "My father taught me to hunt but he discovered me drinking the blood of a deer after one such hunt. He was not entirely sure what to make of the situation. It was then he wrote to my Uncle who came and instructed me in my heritage. My Uncle intended to send me to stay with another distant relative who would continue to instruct me and keep me from my own demons, as it were - however it required him to leave me alone for a time. During which I met Sherlock and became possessed of the idea of understanding him. As many of your clan came to me for injuries I was able to speak with them and earn their trust. One of the lesser members of your clan brought me a sample of Sherlock's blood." John flushed a bit with shame, but he felt Sherlock's desire sweep through his own body like fire.
"You have hidden your heart for sake of mine." He whispered weakly. "Do not. Let me know you grieve with me. I shall take solace in knowing that you are still beside me even in this darkness." He barely breathed the words as their mouths met in a kiss that was full of sorrow. Tears fell down both their cheeks as their mouths continued to move together for some time. When Mycroft pulled away he was trembling for breath.
Sherlock's soft laugh echoed in his ear as he moved and slid down next to him. Sherlock wrapped him in an embrace that was simply
"He is my fledgling, little mender, leave him to me." He ordered gently. "He was just as saved by your hand as the others, he owes you a debt he does not realize. I will do all I can to protect you." He smiled as John seemed to relax just a bit. "Lord Holmes," Sebastian said a bit more firmly as he looked up and their eyes met. Both of them tensing and glaring at the other. "You have acquired an exceedingly rare treasure in this little mender. I trust you shall never forget that or else I shall endeavor to see him removed from your side and placed beside someone more worthy." His voice was soft but held the growl of promise.
"He is not careless! He is concerned for your heart!" Sherlock shouted. "WHERE IS HE?!" He demanded, almost choking his brother. Mycroft's reply was cut off.
"I am not the same as other people. I should have explained myself more adeptly and I am sorry I did not. However you must promise me to never again try to enter someone else's mind without training, my love. You can become trapped in your own and never be free." Sherlock lay John down on the bed in their room and slipped in beside him, holding John to himself. "It is a very dangerous thing to force your way into another's mind, especially for us. I know you have had training as a Solvanar and that some of that training included meeting the mind of another, however it is vastly different with our kind - especially with one like me."
"Then you must do as we say." Sherlock ordered nipping his ear.
"Whatever your dark little heart desires." He purred, storming down to the servants quarters. "Helena," He barked.
"Oh," John blushed and tried to keep up with Sherlock's abrupt change in conversation. "Sometime last week. Mrs. Hudson brought it up, said it had come at a different time than the post. The envelope had something like ten countries on it."
"I'm fine." He replied stubbornly, trying to appear stronger that he was.
Anthea reported hearing stories that John touched Sherlock with desperation, taking any moment the two were alone to mark and claim the other. Small letters began to make their way to Mycroft, tucked inside folded cloaks, slipped into his pocket at dinner, or else somehow hidden in a plain to see the spot that he would have to find. The letters were from John, detailing a great number of his internal thoughts and feelings. Including that he forgave Mycroft for what had transpired and felt he understood better why Mycroft was lead to acting as he did.
"I found myself without other engagements." Mycroft said with a small smirk.
“It is to be expected,” Gregory replied before the others could speak. John turned to watch his love, noting the tightness in his face.
"But John is in mortal danger if we do that."
“Easy love. You are safe now. I have failed you terribly and I am sorry. I shall not do so again.” He whispered to the broken mender, leaning down and pressing his forehead to the others.
“I have prided myself the whole of my life in never holding the smallest of affection for another outside of my own family. It was on the whole the mark of my character and I was quite proud of the reputation it gave me in court. However I came to find that I have never in my life met someone so amazing as he. I want nothing more than to spend the rest of eternity at his side, learning to understand this fascinating creature.” John blushed and Sherlock smirked as he turned back to let his gaze burn into his lovers. “I ask you now for his hand, however I shall endeavor to kidnap him should you say no.”
"I'm surprised you were able to sleep." His voice was soft, betraying his happiness.
"I'm better when I'm with you." Sherlock conceded. "Mycroft even said so." His mouth fixed itself into a hard line as he admitted it. "You brought something into my life that I didn't even know I needed or wanted. You, John. Before meeting you I didn't have friends, or even colleagues. I didn't have entanglements or attachments or concerns. I didn't worry about what I said or how I said it. But suddenly here you are, dropped in my lap unceremoniously by a common acquaintance. Put right in front of me like a wall and I just kept trying to go around it. To avoid how..."
"Yes." John tensed and stood up. "I think I require more rest." Mycroft simply nodded.
Several tentative weeks passed slowly. Some days John slept peacefully curled between his lovers, accepting soft words and comfort when he woke from a nightmare. Others he found touch too overwhelming and the brothers slept curled together on a bed nearby. John could not say he was displeased with the closeness brewing between the brothers and he was sure on at least one occasion they had indulged in their physical needs when John informed them he was not yet ready to join them. He'd lay there quietly in his bed, unable to sleep, and listened to the soft whispered and breathless moans as the pair explored each other. Both of them whispering deeply hidden sentiments before they crashed over and came apart. John wanted to be a part of their lovemaking again, yet every time he tried his body reminded him of one of the horrors he'd lived through. It was only after several days of heart-wrenching starts and stops that he was able to begin kissing them again. Though he still melted when either of them gave him a kiss so gentle, that showed him he was so treasured, that it made him weep for his luck. Over a month passed before Mycroft felt John was stable enough to begin spending time on his own again, though Sherlock rarely left his side, so Mycroft took advantage of a quiet moment to send a request to Sebastian demanding the outcome of his investigations and his coven's ruling before writing a letter to the Duke requesting his opinion on the matter as well. He'd just finished the second letter when a soft knock echoed through his study and Anthea entered.
“You still keep secrets from me, even now…” Sherlock growled in his ear, pulling back hard on his hair. “You have never once told me you speak another language,” Another tug, “And you so easily deduced everything this morning… God I am going to fucking claim you.” Sherlock’s voice was full of lust and passion. "You need to be punished." He growled, using the hold on John's hair to move his head and bring his mouth back to John's neck.
." A voice cut through their moment and both of them snapped their heads to the side to look. "What a wonderful show of affection, I'm terribly sorry to interrupt."
"I believe Sebastian is trying to repay me by protecting my family since I saved his. I believe he will honor it and he will do his best to control Moriarty."
"You were unprepared." The comment was soft, encouraging him to keep speaking. John was asking him to think out loud this time. Sherlock felt himself shiver.
“Sherlock, don’t taint John. He’s perfect the way he is.” Lestrade teased, his face red from his drinking.
"I am simply following along with your experiment." Mycroft purred darkly against his brother's ear. He kept his fingers moving, watching how Sherlock melted from the sensation of John around him and Mycroft's fingers stroking inside him. Sherlock for his part was enraptured. This feeling was far too much, far too glorious, and far too addicting.
"I…" He got a pained look on his face. John knew he was struggling with some feeling, but he ached all over. It wasn't just pain from the physical attack, his heart ached.
" Sherlock moved over to John lifting him slightly so he could slide underneath of him and rest his head in his own lap. He slowly carded his hands through John's hair and looked up at his brother with mild interest and concern.
"Have you spoken to your mate regarding this issue?" He asked tentatively, not wanting to frighten or startle his already off balance brother.
Sherlock took his hand and half drug him back into the house. Anthea came to them to offer them anything they needed and Sherlock snapped at her to leave them be. He pulled John in his room and snapped the door shut behind them, pulling him to himself for a deeply lustful kiss.
"He should not. I am his Sire only. You are his mate." Mycroft snapped, his face tensed.
"I'm right here, John." Sherlock whispered in his ear as he pulled him into a tight hug. He pressed his cheek against John's. "I'm not going anywhere."
" He whimpered, wrapping his hands in those dark locks. Sherlock kissed down over his jaw and onto his neck, bathing the pulse point with kisses and nips until John was keening for more. He was desperate for this, for this bonding. The one he thought he would always reject with all his heart. John wasn't like anyone else, he wasn't like any other creature Sherlock had met in the world. He was different. Sherlock fished around the table finding the oil and preparing his eager love.
“How dare you.” Sherlock growled in a dark, feral voice. “How dare you take advantage of his kindness and his heart. How dare you try to steal what is rightfully mine!” His voice got louder, reverberating in the room.
"Johnny, it's been years since we spoke last. I know that's my fault as much as anyone else's. I never believed the same things your father did but I had to side with him in order to maintain peace. Since he disappeared last year - yes I know you didn't know about that; I told Harry but I imagine she never mentioned it. But since he has been gone I realized I should never have chosen him over my children. I want to fix things between us and I know that the darkness between us started during that last summer you spent at Pendergrass Estate, the summer you lost James. So I am sending you this as a peace offering - this isn't the box you left with me. This is the box you left with Harry, the one she took when she left home at fifteen. I hope it will show you that I want to fix things... Please call me, I should very much like to meet my son-in-law and grandson. Love always, Mom." John whispered and he all but threw the letter aside. That box,
"John, I think it's understandable that you..."
3 - Teleporting - Requires line of sight, short distances only.
"She was part of his detail for awhile after your… After St. Barts. She volunteered for it, actually." Lestrade said quietly.
Darkness came and John let it wash over him. Meanwhile on another ship the darkness slowly broke as Sherlock opened his eyes. He was groggy, his side ached, and his mind was lost in a confused fog. The stab wound in his side was healing terribly slowly, as if something was keeping it from healing properly. As he sat up he heard a flurry of movement, his eyes opening to find the concerned face of James Moriarty looming over him. He tried to pull away only to find he could not make his body respond.
“Sherlock, please…” John whispered, trying to make the other leave. He couldn’t bear this. Hearing those words without the magnitude of feeling that should have been behind them was gravely painful. “You cannot.”
"But I know how he
"Disadvantage," John said softly and their eyes met again. Greg felt the air sucked out of the room and looked to Mycroft who stood.
"He yelled at me for awhile, told me I was wrong for keeping secrets from him. I told him that I had not wanted to, however I was instructed to by the matriarch of my clan. I am to withhold certain information until the moment comes that I must share it with you. I tried to explain to him that I did not want to withhold it from him..." He sighed and looked down. "He was very angry and I told him to use his anger. So for two days we made love in the most punishing way I have ever been touched. Then while we were lying there and I was drifting in and out of sleep he suddenly seemed inspired. He jumped up out of the bed and told me he had to think. He settled down on the couch and when I woke he refused to move."
"We're alright Hamish," Sherlock promised. "We just have to rest now." Greg picked Hamish up and held him over so he could give Sherlock a hug and a kiss before letting him settle down on John's good side.
“What is it, love?” He asked quietly.
“YOU COULD HAVE STOPPED THIS!” Rage poured off the Detective as he reached across the desk and grabbed Mycroft’s lapels.
"You're awake." Mycroft said softly, a faint smile on his lips, "Finally."
“I knew no different John. Due to the false memories I was in a mostly blissful state of ignorance, nearly free to roam and explore the world while you were chained, bound, and beaten. While you were here withering away as Mycroft neglected your heart and soul. I…” Sherlock slid his hand into his hair, a dark look in his eyes. “Watching what Moran did to you even for only those few years we were together there made me insane with rage. I wanted to destroy him for touching you and every act he forced upon you nearly made me snap. I do believe…” He sighed, coming back to sit down next to John again simply because he could not bear to be so far away. “When he took you, the power of your experience is what allowed me to start mind-linking with you again. Suddenly I had this onset of nightmares, plaguing me because the man in them was being tortured and trying to stay so strong despite his heart being shattered into dust.” He looked down, watching as John tentatively took his hand. “Once we arrived and I saw you, I knew you were the man in my dreams and that you were someone I should have remembered.”
"I should make sure you're comfortable." Sherlock jumped up and set about making sure John had everything he needed. John was slightly confused by the sudden distance but didn't want to push Sherlock. He knew that Sherlock had a reason for everything he did. He watched as Sherlock brought him pillows and a blanket, set his laptop to where he could reach it with his good arm, and made sure the remote for the telly was within reach. He offered to make John lunch, but he declined deciding instead to try to rest a bit. Sherlock sat in John's chair, putting his fingers in front of him again as he always did when he thought. His focus however was on John.
"That's the point. I'm going to leave all sorts of marks." Sherlock grinned darkly, grabbing a fistful of John's hair and biting down on the spot again.
Okay guys and gals here's the thing - the next few chapters are going to involve some major feels. But fear not I am a happy ending writer! So bear with my crazy school schedule and the feels and we'll all enjoy some good vampy times!
"I care about his health and wellbeing more than you."
It had been their first moment of contact in the market six years before. Sherlock had been weak, he had not fed and had failed to return home before sunrise. He was hurrying through the market on the way home trying to make it there before he encountered trouble or was injured. He and John had collided outside a small apothecary stall, John dropping everything in his arms to catch Sherlock. Sherlock had been surprised to see such a poor man letting go of such important items in order to assist the man who had plowed into him. His touch had been gentle and guiding but Sherlock could feel in John's memories how it had been their contact that sparked something deeper. How it had been the response inside his own body that confused him. He'd felt that string between them and he could clearly see in John's eyes he felt it too. John had broken several vials of expensive liquids he was using to make medicines. Sherlock immediately tried to replace them as an apology - but the apothecary had been out. As Sherlock negotiated a repayment of the funds lost due to his careless behavior their eyes burned into each other's and in that moment the string tightened. Both had chosen to ignore it then fearing the repercussions, but Sherlock could see how as they seemingly randomly ran into each other again over the next few months John consented to its strength first, allowing himself to become more comfortable with it as time passed. John spoke with his father about the Holmes family, only to be told that he should avoid them outside of court. One of the servants told John she believed the Holmes to be vampires, which he laughed off but found intrigued him. There again was a portion of John's memories that were hidden, so he could not understand them. A puzzle that intrigued him so much he almost raced from his bed to John in order to demand the answers. Instead he focused and pushed beyond the block to the next section of memory. To see how John was determined to know the truth so he began studying the rumors and records that listed anything about these vampire creatures. Desperate to learn so he could rectify the man he was utterly bound to with the rumors around him.
"I've kept a weather eye on him, Sherlock. He has his own flat now and a girlfriend. Mary Morstan. If his recent behaviors are any indication he intends to ask her to marry him tonight." Mycroft said softly, handing Sherlock a file. He enjoyed how his brother's eyes darkened and he tightened.
"Yes, do not trouble yourself I have only just arrived." The man's eyes flashed towards Sherlock betraying amusement and something darker. "However I must beg you to come with me, I cannot have my personal attendant hiding in the dark with a man of questionable character."
"Oh it's no bother..."
"Oh, this will be good." Lestrade said softly, standing and following Sherlock into the bedroom.
"What has happened to the mender?" He demanded darkly.
"I apologize for my reaction, I am not sure why he inspires such darkness in my heart. He was never before so dark in our interactions." John whispered.
“Here, take a little of my blood.” He ordered, pressing his wrist to John’s mouth. He groaned as John drank but he was too weak to drink more than a small amount before his body went limp again. He was on the edge of life and death, his body pliant in Sebastian’s arms.
“John, we need to collaborate…”
"Gehe, Jacob." John pulled him up and hugged him gruffly. "Ich will nicht zu sehe dich zu verletzen. Wir behandeln diese. Wir sind besser vorbereitet, um ihn zu stoppen."
“Hamish, love, you’re too young for crime scenes.” John laughed, sliding into his chair.
"One of these days John Hamish Watson-Holmes I am going to fuck you in this hallway." He grinned as John dissolved under the heat of the statement and turned walking up the stairs, leaving John panting against the wall.
"I do not like the sound of this brother." Mycroft whispered softly.
“Then… Oh…. OH!” Sherlock nearly shouted before dashing about the room. John was startled briefly but his eyes tracked his lover through the room. Sherlock rushed to his desk and began hastily sorting through the chaos of papers, books, and random items he had gathered over the last few years. As he tore through the pile, he muttered under his breath and made motions with his right hand as if he were sorting through a stack of papers. John knew the movement as the one Sherlock used when reviewing things in his mind while also trying to stay in the present moment.
"I'm surprised that you put that together before I did." Sherlock said honestly and John blushed more. "But you love me?"
“Forgive me, my love, there is no other way. I must face him alone for this to work. I must do this so that you will be safe.” He whispered, his grief threatening to overwhelm him. He reached up and unhooked the Oaken Shield, before moving to clasp it around the Detective’s neck. He lingered another moment or so, before pressing soft kisses to Sherlock’s brow and forcing himself to step from the room.
"What do you mean everything?" He'd demanded angrily. His rage building again.
dies. You know full well he'll be wrecked - you saw it before - more than he already was or is. Because from where he is sitting right now either way he loses. He loses because of
“Where is your father?” Mycroft’s tone darkened considerably as he realized that Moran was not with her.
“I have done nothing! You are the one here with herbs all over your hands!” Moriarty snapped back.
"Why? Did he approach you?!" He watched with rueful pleasure as John's anger deflated slightly.
"He only does it when he is absolutely convinced no one is watching. He doesn't want us to ask. In fact he gets pretty miffed about it if we do. But he's not the only one who does something like that, is he?"
" Sherlock smirked as John mewled and moaned, pressing into his fingers eagerly. He'd denied his lover this for days now, wanting every sensation to be extraordinary as they crossed this boundary.
In the end the snow subsided only a few days later and it took only one carriage ride for the two to arrive at Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson gleefully welcomed them, pleased as she was that they were moving in even without stopping by to see the flat. She took them upstairs eagerly to show them around, fussing over Sherlock as she did. They settled in quickly and Gregory easily contacted them at their new residence to follow up on the case they had been reviewing. Within a month the two were fully settled in. Snow was still falling outside and the two were settled into their arm chairs near the fire, each with a book in their laps, after solving a spectacular case involving two nobles attempting to kill each other for having an affair with the other’s spouse. John finally decided to ask about the landlady and Sherlock looked up before John had even begun to speak.
“I know.” John’s gaze did not move from where he looked down at the water. “I cannot rest, however, nor can I stop the worry gnawing at my heart. Gregory, there is something I must tell you and a promise I must ask of you – though it will be a monumental task.” When he finally looked at Gregory, his look was met with confusion and worry.
"Oh yes dear. Mycroft had a couple of his men come over and help straighten up. They come by to check on me every few days." Mrs. Hudson smiled. "Though there was a gas leak reported last week. The gas company sent a team out to look over the flats."
“No…”
. A million thoughts had run through his head, yet it only lasted seconds. He can see the time in the corner of the screen, he is amazed and slightly disturbed that he had deduced and reacted to the fact that he was in love in less than 3 seconds.
“Jesus Sherlock! He could have bloody shot you!” Lestrade had been on the edge of his seat since seeing John grab the gun, even the fact that Sherlock sat in front of him alive and well hadn’t made much difference to his worry.
. His privacy in tatters, no place to be himself, by himself. And this hadn't even been the worst of it, not by a long shot. This was
"You never asked."
" Really, was that so hard? I uhh... Wait. Wait."
There was a thud as his head hit the wall of the entrance way of 221; the exact same place where they had laughed together, what seemed like years ago. Sherlock was not beside him this time, instead pacing in front of him with a stricken expression on his face, eyes wide as he muttered to himself. You couldn’t make out much of what he was saying, just random words, his pacing speeding up exponentially with his level of frantic energy, a positive correlation.
"Alright, alright, settle down love. I am listening, don't worry, so please go on. It's not often I get treated to a nice soliloquy on how amazing I am."
Now, John was not an insecure man. He knew that Sherlock loved him, but he was only human. After an especially taxing argument or on bad days when his PTSD would grip him by the throat and torture him with no sleep- the less said about those, the better -, he would sometimes get it into his head that he did not deserve Sherlock. That Sherlock was embarrassed to be seen with a man like John; broken, slightly grey haired and older: Normal, not amazing in the slightest. After these episodes, he always felt like a stupid, overbearing teenager. He
"I'm asking now," he finally looked over at John, making eye contact and keeping it, trying to show his lover how sorry he was without words. "How long?"
It was more difficult than it should have been.
"Go on Sally, start it. We're ready."
Not of their situation, oh god no, they could keep that. Not of one or the other, she wasn't carrying a secret torch for the men. It was them. Why couldn't she find someone? Sherlock had a boyfriend. Sherlock. And she couldn't even keep an adulterating bastard from breaking up with her. Where was her other half? The sun to her moon?
Not like she would be pitching a tent in her trousers anytime soon though.
He was interrupted by a loud noise of frustration, a subsonic growl that, if Greg had known Sherlock any less, would have given him chills. As it were, he was seriously thinking of just leaving, so they could have their little chat in peace. Lestrade just hoped that no one would be in pieces after it.
Donovan was now seriously considering leaving at this point, muttering to herself about how much of a freak he was was not helping her mood at all. Sherlock darted his eyes over to her and she watched as he clenched his jaw, his face overcome by burning determination, meeting John's eyes once again.
But now, he knows.
"Yes, John's right Lestrade, we- wait you told him?! What could have possibly convinced you to let that out? Other than stupidly large amounts of alcohol, although you've never come home extremely drunk, not since I said I would withhold se-"
Sherlocks deductions steadily grew, an avalanche that threatened to crush him completely. It was like earlier, but a hundred, thousands, times worse. His ears were ringing slightly with the deafening silence that surrounded him physically, whilst mentally his mind clamoured with cymbals and car crashes, a secret meeting a midnight encounter a false betrayal an explosion a surge of water a gasp oh god please no john-
4. This was before Sherlock had told him of his preoccupation with John: John thought it was unrequited on Sherlock's end still and felt that whatever he did was wrong or an invasion of privacy...
“were from the bomb scramble and the glass, yes. That’s what I wanted you to think. Look at him.” at this Sherlock gestured disdainfully at the screen. “I’m pathetic John.”
had filled him to his very bones when Sherlock had shown him even a scrap of affection.
"Yes sir, sounds about right. I put it on your desk as soon as he hoisted it on to me- the lazy bastard-. That was at five to nine."
didn’t want to come out, as he was scared for Sherlock. What if Sherlock was feeling the same way?
"Okay enough of this, let's just play the them, we can worry about the red tape surrounding this cluster-fuck later. Right, let's get this over with. God help me."
"Well someone has to, we won't end up watching these at this rate if they keep pausing and talking over it." She rolled her eyes at all three of them and strode over to steal the remote.
awestruck about this man, of course he wasn't. That would be disgustingly pedestrian of him.
After Lestrade had become less red in the face, and had finished spluttering he finally inserted himself into the conversation. "Sherlock… Just- Don't. If you wanna take notes, be my guest but do not, under any circumstances, say the word 'masturbate' out loud ever again. And that includes variations as well. It's just…too weird, even for you."
John pulled away slightly so that he could make eye contact, placing a hand under Sherlock's chin as he tried to look away.
But he couldn’t; not now their relationship was about to be put on show, when it was clear it was meant to be kept private, videos that Lestrade and two other associates acting as witnesses had to watch. Moriarty had given evidence, sent it in the sure fire way that it would have to be viewed.
Surprise!
Of course, the phone stopped. Sherlock let his neck relax and his head thumped down onto the pillow, a heavy sigh parting his lips. “It’s not like you didn’t wish for an interesting case, love,” John teased half-heartedly, running a hand down his face, panting as he tried to calm himself down. Sherlock scowled at him slightly, closing his eyes and cursing Lestrade for interrupting now of all times as the phone began to ring again.
"OH! John, brilliant again!"
“No! No, don’t you dare Sherlock. It was an extremely stressful day for all of us, plus you had extreme emotional turmoil on top. Frankly, I’m surprised you handled it this well.”
"Oh John, I thought you would be delighted by it. Now you get to see my masturbatory habits as well." All three of the others choked on nothing. "Intriguing… maybe this would be an interesting experiment. After all, the comparison between methods could be enlightening… " He trailed off, muttering about the control variables and pressure vs angle of wrist theories.
lock, don’t degrade people just because you’re bored’ the hypocrisy is stifling John, I may not survive under the onslaught of such a travesty.” He slowly began to grin, as John broke down in a fit of high pitched giggles that made his heart melt. He stared; sobering up as he again wondered how he deserved this beautiful, walking anomaly, who accepted him whole heartedly without restraint, put up with his eccentricities and cold exterior, who
John adored him. He could be so shy sometimes, yet in other circumstances could be completely in command, without any reservation at all. This had been his first chance to do some serious PDA, and couldn't wait to see all the ways he could make Sherlock look exactly like that. Hell, as soon as they were out of here John was going to grab his hand and not let go for the entire journey home. No more tension and longing thickening the atmosphere while their hands were mere centimetres apart, thank fuck for small mercies. Sally curled her lip.
"well hello there...Would ya look at that... Sherlock, I think I have an audio bug here. Bloody tiny thing."
The little room holding the four of them held its breath and waited until someone broke the tense silence. The four walls looked on in pity as the blonde shortish one grew steadily scared at the sight of the pallid cheeks on what must be his partners face. Friends didn't look at each other like that, did they? They could see his thin lips moving, no sound accompanying them, as he mouthed a silent question.
, let alone love! I think of all the things I said to you before, and it makes me... how I would so casually use you or insult you! You probably thought I had deduced it, didn't you? That I was being cruel on purpose and it makes me
“Lestrade, as you are calling at such an early hour and using the emergency protocol, I deduce that you’ve bollixed something up. More than usual, I might add. Tell me, what have those moronic apes that you call officers done this time?” Sherlock smirked at him, a playful glint in his eye. Oh of course he didn’t, John thought, sheepishly amused: he could just deduce that his reasons were 100% truthful. He realised in that moment that whenever he had these dark thoughts, Sherlock was unfailingly there: he would stay in bed instead of running off to his experiments, there would be a slightly tidier kitchen and he would smile at John more, make him laugh. Warmth bubbled through him at this insight; he felt stupid that it had taken him this long to notice it.
you were just as surprised as me. What if Moriarty and the pool had not happened? How long would you have loved me and not said anything?" Sherlock got up out of his chair. "Lestrade. Pause it. Get out." Sherlock flicked his fingers from the inspector to the door as he paced around the office like a caged lion.
"Hey f-Sherlock, you think that's all of them? He seems like even more of a psychopath than you, and that's saying something."
?” He was scrunching his nose up showing his utter disgust for John and his stupid charming ways. I mean, who personalises their ringtones now? And how did John even figure out how to bloody do it in the first place, that insufferable,
Ahhh I know you must all be so frustrated at me! The tape footage will be coming soon, I swear. It's just that this little bit of plot had to come first and it seemed to end naturally there, so... Just need to wait a little bit longer! :P
“Sherlock..?” John risked putting his hand on his arm, which tensed under his touch but quickly relaxed as Sherlock leaned imperceptibly into him before tugging his arm from his hold. John got the message, and prepared himself to ignore whatever sour comment he said next: it was all for show. He understood, and was a bit peeved with the two officers sitting opposite, actually, especially with Lestrade. They should know by now, how much Sherlock relied on his sociopathic exterior and instead they sit there and seemingly mock him for showing emotion.
John looked away panting deeply and clutching at Sherlock's wrist like a lifeline. The taller man, still shocked, managed to twist it so he could grab John's arm in return, a crushing grip that spoke volumes.
Reopening his eyes Sherlock caught Lestrade and Donovan staring at him with joint expressions of shock, before Sally smirked and Lestrades eyebrow rose. He glared at them and scowled, feeling embarrassed in his moment of weakness. In fact, he had forgotten they were even there. Sherlock jerked his head up from his lover’s shoulder and burned holes into the ground with his eyes. He pulled his hand out from under John’s and retreated back into himself, walls going up completely. Now wasn’t the time to be childish.
Now was not a time to be waxing poetic.
"Greg, you may not want to ask us that. I know I've told you several things whilst at the pub, stories which contain, shall we say, a small amount of breaking and entering and other activities that we had to do in order to catch someone, and don't get me started on the amount of trouble he gets me into on a daily basis. You able to turn a blind eye? Mostly all of it has let you catch a criminal, so it's kinda necessary."
“Sherlock. Don’t think I’ve forgotten about that text you received on the tape. We
She was mortified, Greg could see it. He didn’t know the fine details of why, didn’t know whether it was about pity, disgust at their relationship, disgust at Moriarty or what.  He hoped it was a mixture of the former and the latter, she might come across as a bit of a bitch to Sherlock but she wasn’t homophobic, at least he didn’t think she was. Her hand was covering her mouth which was gaping slightly, and her eyes were trained relentlessly on the DVD cases sitting casually on the desktop, and flickered to and fro from them to the DVD that was resting in the player on a stand to the left of the desk.
wondering at his flatmate,
As always, please let me know of any typos/errors and if you enjoy it :)
As Sally opened the door with a roll of her eyes, she heard John speak in low tones.
"If you told a stranger that that man there, Sally, was a sociopath, they would laugh in your face and doubt your sanity.”
"Oh and to answer your previous question of half an hour ago, frankly, Sally, the sex is bloody amazing."
Standing up from her chair, Sally crossed her arms and marched over to the door. “Am I going to miss anything important? No? I’m getting coffee. Anyone? Frea- Holmes?”
At the end of the search, a surprising amount had been found, the floor littered with crushed circuitry. Even Sherlock looked taken aback by the sheer number. He was sure that they had got all of them, but if they hadn't, well, they had done all they could. They all gravitated to the centre of the room, standing in a loose circle apart from where Sherlock brushed shoulders and hands unconsciously with John.
She didn’t envy Sherlock in the slightest.
Sally stared at Sherlock and gave a confused look. She noticed that Sherlock, the freak, was blushing and…undressing John with his eyes. He was spacing out, and Sally wouldn’t be surprised if he had started drooling right there and then. His eyes were gleaming like he was planning something, and she really didn’t want to know. She would probably find out soon enough anyway, she thought, her expression sour. How the fuck had any of them not noticed during eight months? they were detectives for christ sake!
The camera view changed once again. The sitting room of 221B was shown in perfect, defined clarity from the corner above the window frame, the curtains open yet allowing no light through bar the endless flickering of the nearly deceased streetlight's luminescent glow. It was putting up a good fight: The settee, John's chair and the kitchen were just visible in the darkness whereas Sherlock's chromed one-seater was stooped in shadow, black leather reflecting amber and steel emitting half-hearted white flashes every couple of seconds before the fuse abruptly snapped under the stress. The low back was facing the lens and if the owner were occupying said chair, would look down onto inky riotous curls and the tips of perfectly groomed hands in their beloved pose. He was not, however, and instead a lone figure could be seen standing in the dead zone between kitchen and sitting room. The waif like spirit seemed thunder struck, almost as if stuck between the crossing of two worlds, so close yet so far apart: body and mind warring that ever familiar, loathed battle. Pale eyes glinted dully in the glooming, and no sound crossed those monochrome lips that stuttered across un- pronounced words that even the owner did not know the meaning of.
