"Thank you, my friend. For everything." I give him an awkward hug, then gather everything up and head to my room to change. A few minutes later, I come out, fully dressed in the outfit he has so generously provided. "Well?" I do a slow twirl in the middle of the room. "What do you think?"
"What do your books have to say about it? Did it include a chapter on starving?" It would be quicker to do it myself but if he's going to survive he needs to learn more than how to discover mushrooms.
"They are wood sorrel, and yes, I still have them." I fish the greens out of one of my many pockets and rinse them clean in the river. I hand one of the bunches to John. "They might be a bit sour, but that's normal when they're eaten raw. They actually quite nutritious." I explain, nibbling on one of the stems.
"An interesting turn of events... you are unlike any other man I've met... kind, patient, and incredibly sexy." I say as my hand brushes along his bare hip
I reach over and put a hand softly on his shoulder. "So you started... selling yourself... to help your brother. I bet you kept it a closely guarded secret, right? I know I... would, if I did that." I only hoped the firelight hides the crimson in my cheeks.
After finishing my third cup of coffee, I chance checking on my brother. I peek into his room to see him facing the far wall, curled up on the bed, the unopened jar of biscuits on his bedstand, his cup of coffee cold.
"You're in charge, sir," I say quietly, shivering as he wraps the sash across my eyes. The way he wraps it is effective as a blindfold, with the added bonus of muffling the sounds around me, too.
"I can and I shall. Where are we heading?" The map in our library had met with a disaster at the hands of a bored baby brother many years ago. Getting a new one was never a priority.
"Cause he's an arse? Is that a good enough answer?" I fiddle with the honey stick and try to explain what happened. "Well... You see... I guess we were fighting and I got mad cause he was fondling another bloke’s backside but not because he was fondling the guy, the guy was absolutely fondlingable, but because he wasn't fondling me. Kind of. I think."
"William. I like it. Basic, sweet, and not at all pompous like my middle name." I look around trying to come up with something to say that doesn't make me look like the complete fool I am. "I'm a Doctor too. I mean not that you're a Doctor—you could be, but I wouldn't know. I mean like I'm a Doctor as well as being a Soldier." I'm grateful that the stupid mask has one good use, hiding my blush. "I'm an idiot."
I stand and walk over to her. "We made the bet at 6:24pm but I removed you from Baker at 4:04pm. That means they have til 4:04."
"You promised you'd give this a chance, John," I scold lightly. I look at Greg. "I'm sure you understand my desperation to find this young man, Greg."
I give him a big wet kiss on both cheeks. "Love you too Locky." I saunter back into the living room with my sweet gains hidden under my vest. "Mycie, Mycie, Mycie. Always working. Do you ever play?" I see that the box hasn't even been touched. "Go on. Open it. Try it on. Just like all my masks it will only fit one person."
I stand in the open doorway, scanning the room. "He doesn't live here anymore, at least. Moved out in the last week, it seems." I turn to face John. "Talk to the building manager. See if he left a forwarding address." I walk into the flat, leaving John standing in the hall.
"I found some edible greens, too." I show him the handfuls of wood sorrel I picked. "I know, 100% sure, that these are safe to eat."
Even I could tell that wasn't the young man John introduced us to at the ball. I wave to security, and they escort this one out, and bring the next young man in. I can tell he's tall enough, but his dark hair is much thinner and straighter than I remember. I glance at John questioningly, and he shakes his head. And so it goes - one at a time, John judges that the men presenting themselves as the Phoenix are not. By mid-morning, I can tell he's getting frustrated.
"Oh, I'm such a sucker for those puppy dog eyes," I pinch his cheek playfully and take his cup. "Let me get you another cup of tea, then." Setting both cups on the tray, I get up and take it into the kitchen, where I put the kettle back on.
"Sunrise. So be it." I roll to my side facing away from him and close my eyes. I do not need him to tell me if I can or should not have some of my own Brandy.  "Good Night."
"The thought did cross my mind, yes." I reply sadly. "And I didn't want you to get hurt in the process."
"Kalle, like always." I stroke his feet softly, making his toes flex. "Not like he'd find anything on that... Seb Kalle didn't exist 6 months ago."
I lead the way, opening the door to my brother's bedroom, which is practically opulent in comparison to my tiny room.
"Don't be over-dramatic, John. I did no such thing. I simply made sure that the State of Florida had all the information it needed to convict the man. It isn't my fault that they opted for the lethal injection over life imprisonment." I follow him into the kitchen and sit at the table, watching with interest as he prepares dinner for us.
"An adorable mad man thankyouverymuch!" I follow him to the loo to wash my face and brush my teeth. "I'll haf you know shez an anjl and scawy as fick."
"Get back here, you rogue." I jump to my feet and chase after him, just putting my arm around his waist as he opens the patio door.
"Yeah, I like puzzles. Most Doctors like a good puzzle." I finish the last of the Champaign and set the empty glass on the ground. "But I'm not a Doctor anymore..." I hear distant chatter getting closer. "We should either move or be ready for visitors in about thirty seconds."
"Really? You do nothing for your family yet you know what they need?" I dig a small hole and put the bones in it before I cover it up with snow. "Must be amazing to be you."
I look back in at the crowd that has swelled even more in the last few moments. "First we need to plan an escape route."
His sphincter is still fluttering as I bottom out inside him. The rhythmic clenches do nothing to stave off my release. I grab the head board and thrust into him and slowly pull til I'm almost out then thrust in again. Soon his cock starts to reinflate and I pick up my pace. Before I get going too quick or hard I lean down and kiss him.
After some research, John discovered the financial control that Mycroft had over Sherlock.  While it angered him, he ensured that Mycroft’s financial concerns were alleviated, and he was able to continue to live in the style to which he was accustomed, all while keeping Sherlock out of it entirely.
"SHERLOCK! JAMES! STOP THAT!" I jump up from the table I can't remember the last time I had to raise my voice to anyone, let alone one of my boys. "You are grown men, for God's sake." I roll my eyes.
"I'm not sure if I'm flattered or horrified that you'd think me capable of such a thing, John." I smile at him. "In any event, I doubt it's an associate of hers. After all, she almost looked drugged when she left the flat. An associate of hers wouldn't need to employ that level of convincing to get her to leave with him." I think for a moment. "Cast your mind back, John... did that man bear a physical resemblance to anyone I've dealt with in the recent past?"
"Sherlock!! Get back here this instant!" This time I grab his arm and yank him in the direction of the camp.
"I think her attempt at seduction made it abundantly clear what she wanted at first. Beyond that, I think we both proved ourselves useful." I shrug. "Perhaps she was just lonely. I remember what that's like." I say wistfully, taking his hand and letting him lead the way.
"You're not serious. You don't know what jerky is? Dried meat, Mycroft. Best way to preserve it when you travel. Light to carry, nutritious..." I reach into my pack and pull out the bundle of jerky I'd packed away, offering him a small piece. "It may not be fresh steak, but it's better than starving."
"How much cash do you need? I'll have it sent to your account right away. No point in betting for something as mundane as money. No." I get all excited and jump up. "I've got it. When I win you will move in here and me and Seb can be your new boys and you'll love Eurus when you meet her. She's smarter than both of her brothers but a wee bit crazy (don't tell her I told you that). You can even bring Mrs. Turner and her married ones. It will be so lovely. Like a real family."
I smack his hand. "Of course not - those are mine." I giggle. "He hasn't found them yet." I look at Greg curiously. "What would I make a mask for?"
I watch carefully as John carves out several choice cuts of venison, wrapping them carefully in cheesecloth and tucking into his bag. "We should go," I whisper to him a bit urgently. "The sun is setting. We'll not find the guard’s camp easily in the dark."
I stand by the cooking pot while they leave. Once they're out of sight, I slip into the kitchen and grab a few bottles from the cabinet, and pull a few stalks from the drying herb bundles hanging there. I have everything tucked into my collection bag and have returned to innocently stirring the stew by the time they return.
Sherlock seems a bit confused when he returns. He keeps looking around for something in the sky. "What's it you're looking for?'
"Surprisingly tasty." I mumble between bites. "I don't think I've ever had rabbit prepared this way before. My brother always drowns it in gravy. "
I share a look with Lock. "No. You must be mistaken. It's not even March 10th." First he tries to kill his brother and now the posh git can't even be honest about a date.
Mwah. Mwah. I air kiss both her cheeks. "Oh he's ALWAYS HUNGRY. ISNT THAT RIGHT, SEB??" I yell down the hall and grin when I hear the click of the bedroom’s door to the outside close.
I hail a cab, and both of us climb in quickly. I give the cabbie the address Mycroft sent me but add "But drop me at St. Bart's first." John looks at me, confused. "I will go talk to Molly - see what else I can find out about her boyfriend. You, go check out this Moriarty's flat."
I uncross my arms so that I can prop myself up to see better. His curls fall loosely around his head like a dark halo. I lay my hand on his hair and stroke gently, in sync with his tongues movements. "Beautiful." He huffs but before he has a chance to say anything I follow up my statement. "I don't care what anyone has ever said to you or about you. You are beautiful."
"Now boys, stop that." I snap. All eyes turn to me. "We're going to have a nice, peaceful dinner. Then John, Sherlock and I are going to head back to Baker Street and get things ready so that you two" nodding at Jimmy and Sebastian "can get moved into 221C by the end of the week."
I shrug. "Don't know. Don't care." _Don't leave_. "Tell the Mrs I said hi and asked about the kids." I leave him on his own and head to the kitchen. "Martha!"
"You can't grow herbs in a town? Isn't it a bit dangerous out here for a woman alone?" Ms--- Irene starts to make some tea as the poultice starts doing its job. "Oh... Oh! That's nice. It’s getting warm."
"It's possible. Mycroft - or more likely, Mycroft's staff - is doing the research now. This does beg the question, though. What is someone of that rank - who likely retired with a quite adequate pension - doing delivering Thai food?"
I rest on my elbows for a moment, looking down at him. "Oh, you did, did you? Good to know I wasn't the only one with eyes." My lips graze over his pulse, which I note with a grin is quite rapid.
"I? You! Me! What?!" Actually surprised by this old lady's audacity to question my skills, I end up flopping down into the chair vacated by the soon to be janitor at Sherrinford. "Who. Are. You??"
It's odd for John to be suddenly so sleepy. I know chamomile tea can be relaxing - many people drink it to aid in sleep, after all - but it shouldn't knock him out like this.
"Yeah, well, whatever. You parents were right crazy." Hearing the boys coming down the stairs I prepare another cup of tea and grab the makings for a hot chocolate.
important, Mycroft. Important to me." I scratch between Daisy's ears, as she searches my pockets for a treat. "I told you, I care about you."
"You have a wicked mouth." A mouth that looks kiss swollen and bruised. The lips are shiny with saliva and I just want to kiss him. "C'mere and kiss me." I pull him upwards so he's straddling the lower part of my lap and leaning down so we can kiss.
"Coming!" I take my time climbing down. "There's a cabin, small one mind you, not too far away. We could probably get there before nightfall. Probably. Or we can camp under this tree for the night and walk there early in the morning."
His teasing, while usually delightful, is not on the agenda right now. "Only if you want me to throw you down on the bed and fuck you." My voice is a husky growl.
My hand tightens in his hair at the first contact of his tongue on my shaft. "Fuhh. If that's how you're going to win arguments..."
My knees nearly buckle at the touch of his tongue. "Oh, gods..." I grip his shoulders, and try to calm myself.
I look around the table at the gathered company. "Has anyone considered calling it a draw and finding the middle ground? For example, they can stay at Baker Street a few nights but still live here." Martha beams. Moran shrugs, again. Jim and Sherlock have equally violent looks. Seems they finally found something to agree on, my demise. Least I will end life on a full stomach.
I take a shaky breath and bow to the lady. "I am most honoured to meet you, Madame. This gala is a wonderful event." I smile nervously at John.
It's all I can do to not be giddy over the prospect of being close to him again. "Perhaps we should try to get some sleep?" I motion to the sleeping area I set up along the hollow of the tree.
"Ta," I take a swig from the flask. "We should be careful with this. Could come in handy if one of us gets hurt." I take a piece of the bread and chew it slowly. "I set some traps out, hoping to catch a rabbit."
"Things will be tight for a while I suppose. Good thing we live close enough we can carpool to work." I let go of the stick and place my hand on his thigh. "We'll take turns driving." My pinky reaches just far enough to brush the outline of his cock.
"Well, this is what's come of it. Now he's gotten himself... involved. I wonder if Lord Watson really understands what he's in for, getting involved with someone like my brother."
I chuckle to myself, then lick up his length. "Me? Teasing? Of course not." I take him in my mouth and suckle gently.
"These peaches are divine, but I really should wash some of this juice off." I carefully slip off my jacket and roll up my sleeves as I follow John over to the sink, rinsing off my hands. "Do you dance?"
"By then, I thought it was just that you needed the money, but were too proud to ask for help. I didn't want to force you or your brother to go without." I shrug.
He tightens his arse around my cock and I lose control. I shift up and pull his arse into me as I thrust into him. I try to contain myself but end up practically shouting as I fill him up with cum again. Before I have a moment to feel bad I see his own semen shoot out his dick and my penis is locked in by his own spasms of pleasure.
"All the skin that is touching you is quite comfortable." I mumble as his grasp around my ribs tightens. "I'm just trying to get the rest of me warm... my backside is cold."
I nod in agreement. "It would fool most people." Maybe even me at a quick glance. "So, where did he take her?"
"I see. Well, I appreciate your assistance," I start looking around as thought I'm in search of something else.
"I do suppose I'm a bit underdressed at the moment," I grin. "Come upstairs and you may select appropriate clothing for me."
"Only with the ones that are important to me. I was calling you 'baby' but you objected, so I stopped."
"Do you grow the chamomile yourself?" I ask our hostess politely as she pours the tea through a strainer into a cup for John. I hand him the warm mug.
"Hello. Can I come in?" I push my way in and shut the door just as I hear someone shout 'hey!'. When I turn around I see the back end of the person who opened the door. Assuming they were heading towards a phone, to rightly call the Police on an intruder, I follow behind them. "I'm safe. I swear. I didn't mean to startle you, but I couldn't be outside any longer."
I don't think I ever tire of this feeling, of this fullness. I rock my hips slightly against him, and resume stroking myself with a shiver. "Mmmm... fuck me til I can't think anymore, John..." I growl.'
"I think for the moment, food is the best thing for you." I stick a slice of apple between his lips. "We can discuss other things later." I cuddle up alongside him.
I laugh at his adorable attempt at deflection. "It was yesterday." I straddle him again and push his shirt off his shoulder.
I bring a hand up to the back of his head and scratch his scalp as I push up to encourage him to kiss my neck as well. Since he's a bit taller than me, this position has some challenges. "William, stop, I want to move us."
"Thanks so much, John!" I consider for a moment. "Maybe I can have one delivered to you, too. I'm told my baking is very good."
"I need tea. Lots of tea. And clothes. I'll meet you down there." I head back to my room to find a comfortable but desirable outfit. After over thirty minutes and several jumper changes later, I settle for just a comfortable outfit and head down stairs.
I'm about to complain that he's being too gentle, too slow, when he starts thrusting into me with earnest. Rough enough to take my breath away, but not rough enough to hurt me. My John... my perfect John. I grab a handful of his hair and pull him down to kiss him, nipping at his lower lip.
In my dream the Earth was shaking and soft snow was falling everywhere. I could hear the wind call me name and tried to answer but I was too tired.
I watch impatiently as John sneaks toward the back. As soon as he is out of sight, I take off after him quietly.
"Last I knew I was heading South in the Lestrade Forest. Haven't been able to see the stars a single time since I got lost so I don’t exactly know where we are or which way we should be heading." I rummage in my coat and pull out a piece of Jerky. "Hungry?"
His alabaster skin is perfectly enhanced by the beginning of dawn light. Even with a two-day shadow of a beard he still looks like a painting of an Angel I saw, once, long ago.
“You might be surprised.” I pour him some tea, and open the biscuit jar, taking one. “How much of our conversation did you hear?” I ask, knowing that he’d probably overheard a fair amount of it, since Greg made little effort to keep his voice down.
I pull him in and rub up and down his back. "Tell me about him." Maybe if I know more I will be able to understand why he can forgive so easily.
"I did choke. I gagged and a few times I couldn't draw air but I wouldn't stop. You remember that, yes?" I bring up my hands to put in his hair and tug on it.
"There's a village about a half-day ride from here, but we're likely to encounter outlying settlement before that." I yawn. "This camp is only a couple weeks old - more recent than the cave. So I think we're catching up."
I drop to my knees in front of him, and take his hands in mine. I look into his eyes. "I -need- you to live. You are far more just a whore, at least to me. You are my friend... who happens to also be my lover." I kiss his knuckles softly. "Let me help you."
"Decent. Such glowing praise." I smirk at him as I pop a piece of cheese into my mouth. "I'll save some of the cheese for you for later - I know you don't eat first thing. But I expect you to eat later." I get up from the fire and check Daisy over. "If you can roll up the bedding, we can get moving."
His response is most welcome, and a pleased little noise comes from me. My tongue nudges his lower lip, and his lips part.
The flutter of muscle as he groans out his orgasm sends me over the edge with him, my fingers curling into his hip as I empty myself into him. I'm barely aware of it when he leans down and kisses me lightly.
Every muscle has turned to jelly. I am so relaxed - so utterly sated - that I can barely think, let alone move. "I love you, too." I whisper.
"Yes, logically speaking you're correct." I feel guilty for having forgotten the perils I have put my brother through even for a brief moment.
"Mycroft, wait!" He's so deep in his self-pity that he refuses to see that his feelings, his 'unnatural desires' are reciprocated. I make sure Daisy's reins are secure and head off after him. Being inexperienced, he's not making an effort to hide his tracks, so he is easy to follow.
The moment his hot cum enters me I pulse out my own release. My body feels boneless and sated. I find myself nodding in to a needed nap.
"Yet." I try to carefully peel the skin off the fish but that proves as impossible as finding a piece of meat without a bone in it. I watch Gregory out of the corner of my eye to see how he is eating it.
I set the lotion and drink on the nightstand. "Now. Like I said earlier, I want to have sex. I was going to let you fuck me but now I think I'll use you as my very own toy instead. A life size Sebby Doll. Doesn't that sound wonderful?"
Now I know why I always had Mrs. Hudson do my shopping. I hope John appreciates me doing this for him... he always insists on milk in his tea. I am wondering through the aisles, looking for all the world like I'm completely overwhelmed by the assortment of goods.
"Hmm. NoPe. If you had been a good, quiet boy you would already be fucking me by now. Instead I'm going to take my time and make you beg to cum." Helps that his dick is always sweet and clean tasting.
I huff. "Even I wouldn't expect tea out in the wilderness." I step closer to the fire, crouching to warm my hands. "My brother wasn't totally heartless, it seems," I pull out the bread and flask he left with me, offering some to John. It only seems fair, given that he shared his jerky with me last night (even if it did taste like shoe leather).
I let John pull me up his body, our cocks finally rubbing against each other as I continue to stroke him while he kisses me urgently.
I let him pull me forward, parting my lips as his cock brushes against them. I flick my tongue over the head, and try not to smile at his response to it.
I stroke him a few more times then let it go. Both hands return to his back and I kneed into the muscles there as I work my way down. When I get to his arse I take my time rubbing it and marveling and the perkiness of it. "Michelangelo wouldn't have been able to depict an arse this perfect even in his wildest fantasies." I run my soapy hand between the middle of the cheeks.
I tighten my legs around his waist, gasping as each thrust of his hips, each stroke of his hand, drives me closer to the edge until I'm trembling with need. "Harder, John... I need it harder." I rock my hips against him.
I swallow hard. "No... I can sleep here." I grab a spare pillow and curl up on the floor beside the sofa.
"That can't be." I look at him, wide-eyed. "She had dinner with us the night that Mycroft left me in the woods. That was only... how long have we been here?" My voice is nearly a whisper.
I look at him, more than a little shocked at what he's told me. I get out of bed and walk over to him, take the glass of brandy out of his hand, and walk him gently but firmly to sit on the bed with me. "From what I remember of your stepmother, you did your brother a kindness - she likely would have killed him outright. At least you gave him an explanation, and a chance." I put my arm around his trembling shoulders. "I will help you. But you need more than liquid nourishment." I hand him another piece of toast.
As John hands me the envelope, a small piece of red ribbon falls out of it. "Of course!" I nearly knock over the table as I jump up. "Charles Perrault. Red Riding Hood. Come along, John. We need to talk to my brother and see if he has any information on his infernal cameras." I sweep back out of the flat and head upstairs to retrieve my phone.
I grab the racing form from her and look it over. "I recommend 'Napoleon's Gold' in the 3rd race. But not more than 20 quid." I hand her the racing form back. "Now, what do you know about your former tenant?"
"I... I don't need you to protect me anymore, brother." With that, I pull my hand away and head upstairs to gather some things.
"Hmm." It hurts my heart with how little love he's had that attempted murder is so easily forgivable. "Let's go in love." I feel eyes on us and want to get him out of danger as soon as possible.
I arrive at the stables to find Mycroft waiting for me. The man is nothing if not punctual - I'll give him that. I take the reins of my mare from the stable boy, and sling my saddlebags over the saddle. I look at Mycroft. "I've only got the one horse... just how are you planning to bring all that?" I motion at the several bags at his feet.
"Taking a break I guess. New guy was chatty but didn't say much about Andrew." I shrug and get back to pushing food around my plate.
I open my hand and fiddle with it a bit before putting it in my pocket. "It is who I am. Sherlock would never want it. If you'd rather not, then just say so." I start to stand. "Daisy must be hungry. I'll grab her food."
"The only one I've even been with, yes." The only one I've ever wanted to be with as well. "Does that make you uncomfortable?"
The story seems to stop there. "Sherlock? Do you know of a wolf? Is this some sort of joke? It isn't funny."
"Yes. Mum. He's actually quite good. I haven't fallen once." I grab some flutes from a passing waiter and dispense us each a drink.
"So, you knew about it? You knew I was looking for you? But you didn't go because you wanted me to find someone my family would approve of?" My relief had morphed to anger which was now morphing to dejection.
"I don't know who bought every mask. I make them and have staff to sell them. I've already checked the records and there isn't one." I shrug. "Came by to get a break from the press at my door."
"Uh... nothing, brother." I glare at Greg a moment. "Greg stopped by with a special evening edition of the paper for us."
"Well... Umm... It's complicated?" It's a bit hard to get married when one of you is legally dead and the other is a wanted felon. "Besides, he wouldn't ever be bothered enough to ask." No matter how many times I basically tell him too.
"It would be better if we just went to sleep, but thank you." Even his voice makes me think wholly inappropriate things.
"I can't believe you notice a difference in my sleep patterns based on weather." I roll over and on to him and start kissing him all over his face.
"There was no one else I could even imagine being with." I shudder when I think of Lord Moffat touching me and offering me coin for favors. "Once it was suggested I sell my... services. I deduced that you would not only be interested but capable and willing." If I could have you no other way this way would suffice.
"Poor Sebastian... Why is he the poor one." I pick up a muffin and start tearing it apart. "I give him everything. EVERYTHING. But it's not enough. He has to have his stupid bar and his stupid job and his stupid... stupid... He won't even let me buy him a house. Nooooooo. He wants to buy me a house instead. Wants to -earn- it. Bleck. Boring."
"Fair. Now, do you understand the basics?" I need to know what he does, and doesn't, know so I don't surprise him.
I let go of his shaft so I can grab his hips. This helps a bit but I don't think it's enough. I lift his knees to hook over my shoulders then return to thrusting into him. "So good. Not gonna last." The sweat is dripping off me onto his abs.
"Oh, don't you think she's used to it by now? She even offered to get me a key once... I prefer the challenge," I huff with a grin as I head back up the stairs. "To begin, I need to talk to my brother."
I try to quickly think of what an apothecary might have and if there's anything I should be sure to avoid. "Something slick definitely. One that doesn't burn or tickle or numb. Preferably doesn't stain."
"Of course she has a car," I walk into the living room. "How else would she... never mind. What did you find?" I follow his gaze and see the cold cup of tea. Picking it up, I sniff it. "She would never let her soothers go to waste like this. Something is terribly wrong..."
"So close. It was 10. I won't add any for being wrong, this time. Next time say you don't know instead of guessing. If I wasn't feeling so generous we would start all over." I grab his neck and forcibly turn his head, so he can see my eyes. "You know how much I hate guesses."
After bringing the deer round back, and checking out the boot prints, I go and find Lock in the garden. "There were two sets of footprints." I sit down next to him and wait for an eventual response.
"It's not that I don't want to... just haven't met the right person, I guess." I shrug. "And my... family makes it difficult."
"No!" I open the flask and pour the sweet nectar into my mouth. "I'm of age to drink and I will do so as I see fit."
I roll over and practically lay on top of him and hide my face in his neck. "Gods no you did nothing wrong. It was my fault. You were just so... Fuck. Just couldn't hold back any longer. The way you looked and that I made you feel so good. Just. I'm sorry."
My breath quickens as I watch him, and my cock aches to be touched. With my free hand, I reach over to the bedstand and grab the half-empty bottle of lube, pouring some into my hand and proceeding to stroke it over my dick with a shudder and a moan.
"I am almost afraid to ask, but why?" Something starts to wiggle in the pit of my stomach. Fear I've taken advantage of a person who may not be able to have made an informed consent. "Not allowed or don't want to?"
"Why, no. Haven't seen anyone out this way in months." I reply smoothly. "Would you like to come in? I have a pot of stew on, if you and your... friend... are hungry." I look over his shoulder at the skinny man behind him.
After a few soft kisses to his neck I scoot back. I lift his knee a bit and position myself to enter. He looks at me with so much trust that I just... There's no words. I enter him by millimeters at a time. He's so tight still and hot and bloody fucking perfect.
I laugh and shake my head. I curl up behind him, pulling the blanket up over us both and putting my arm around his waist. I'll be awake in an hour anyway, but at least I can get a little more sleep now.
"The moment it was possible I went back to the cave. I hoped that I would find him cold but safe. I feared I would find him dead. What I did find was the remains of a campfire and animal bones. Somehow someone and he survived the blizzard and then left. I looked for him and called out but no answer." I need another dose of brandy. "I've returned a few times but... nothing. Hence why I require you." I need you. "I have no way to pay but I'll do anything. Please, help me find my brother, or find out what happened."
"No. You don't need any brandy tonight." I know full well he's been drinking more than is healthy - one night without will make him cranky, but won't hurt him. "We should, however, get some sleep. I'd like to be back on the trail at sunrise."
"Didn't Jimmy tell you? It's what made him so sad. Sherlock is spending all his time with John now. Good thing he has you, honey, and your games."
Oh, that would be a colossally bad idea... "I guess so, though I doubt I will be able to warm you much." John pulls his arm away and we both roll onto our other side.   Concentrating on the most boring, unsexy things I can think of, I put an arm around him and press my bare skin against his, hoping he doesn't take note of my traitorous body.
All I can do is nod. He makes a good point but I still think she had something more sinister in mind. "If you insist."
"I had no idea we were exclusive, Gregory." I've never seen him get this jealous over something as stupid as me putting my hand on some young man's arse. "Is that what you need of me? My complete and total devotion to you, to the exclusion of all others? I've told you before, I can't promise that." I lean up a bit resting on my elbows. "I won't lie to you and tell you I can."
"Well, I don't know. Alchemy has always been an interest of mine. Perhaps something related to medicine." I shrug gently, trying not to dislodge him from the comfortable spot he's got on my shoulder right now. "I think more exploration is required." I stifle a yawn.
I shudder as I feel my cock hit the back of his throat, and a little beyond... a little more each time his head dips down. Sitting as I am, it's not possible for me to thrust against him, which is probably a good thing, all considered. I'm not sure I'd be able to control myself. My hand curls from the back of his head to the front of his neck, where I can feel his throat working against me. Unable to coherently speak, I hope my moans of pleasure are enough encouragement for him.
John tells me to move, so I do. Unfortunately, I manage to back into one of the bins outside the kitchen. I freeze as the sound of metal against the brick wall tears through the air.
"Can you smell it now?" I sniff the air. "It's stronger here than it was by the river. And we're upwind of our own fire, so it's not ours."
"My brother should have an address momentarily. Get your coat, John..." I whirl around and grab my Belstaff. My text alert chirps, and with a glance, I look at John. "Let's go, John."
"No!" I pull my sleeve away from him. "I know I smell it!" I walk calmly a few yards further. "I think it's this way."
I chuckle along with him. "She was always disappointed in us, even without knowing that. Knowing she wasn't my real mother explained a lot. I only wish you or father had said something sooner. Perhaps things would have been different."
I pull my mouth off him with a grin, my tongue licking over his slit. "I have a very good teacher." I say quickly before taking him in again, a bit further.
"You think I'm sexy do you? We should see if there's an eye doctor in town. All that reading has made you blind." I'm a short, scarred up, former soldier.
I lean my head back with a groan as his tongue caresses my cock. I curl my fingers into his hair loosely and thrust deeper into his mouth, noting that his finger follows suit, thrust into me with as much vigor as I am working his mouth. It's an odd sensation - not uncomfortable, though.
I catch up to him rather rapidly, as he's taken a fall. I rush up to him, take a look at him to make sure nothing's broken, but aside from a small cut on his head and the fact he's unconscious - either from the fall or because he stubbornly refuses to eat - I deem it safe enough to scoop him into my arms and take him back to the cave with me, settling him on the sleeping mat. I sit at the mouth of the cave, tending the fire, and thinking.
"Don't you dare. He didn't fight for you so don't you dare miss him." If only he would have cared enough to fight.
"Greg says the guy is Jim Moriarty. I think he means the same one you referred to as posher and gayer than Mycroft."
"You’re very sweet but I insist. What can I do? Name it and it's yours. Maybe there's wood to chop? I'm a decent hunter, I could get you some fresh meat. Just name it. Anything." She hands me some tea and I start sipping it carefully. I fish out a yellow petal and hold it up. "I don’t recognize this. What is it? Tastes good." My tea is already halfway gone before she has a chance to answer.
I formulate a plan - but I can't share it with John. "Stick to water for now, yes." We walk slowly back into the cabin, where Irene sits by the fire.
"By set up a bed I meant bring the twigs and leaves over to the end of the cave so we have something better than the cold hard ground to sleep on." Oh dear gods he has got to be the dumbest smart person I've ever met.
"I did at first. I went home that next morning and got equally as intoxicated as the night before." Finding a note with a few pounds was a not the morning after I dreamed of.
I flinch a little when he shifts behind me to lay across my back. "Seven" I whisper as his arms curl around me, calming me. "I don't mean to misbehave..." I mumble.
Brother, I need copies of the surveillance video from outside Baker Street. I know, you don't admit to having it, but it's a matter of urgency.
"It wouldn't be right for me to make him choose between his family or me. Generally speaking, the one making such an ultimatum is the one who loses, you know."
"She was the last foal sired by my dad's prize stallion, and she's been with me all her life." I scratch her between the ears as she rubs her head on my shoulder. "Her name is Daisy."
I pour some oil onto my hand before I grab his shaft then my own. My average length is small when compared to his. I then return to grinding against him.
"No, it didn't." I clarify for him. "It's an artificial fix on a real problem, and it never lasts." I put my arm around his shoulders. "You didn't need 'liquid courage' every time you came around, though... you must have found the real thing at some point."
My buddy over at Two Point called me, as promised, to let me know that an order had been placed to be delivered to 221B Baker Street. I turn the pub over to Jones for the night and head over, so I can do the delivery and maybe have a little chat with Watson... see what they know. Jim will be so pleased with my initiative. I borrow the regular delivery kid's scooter and head over with two bags of food. I ring the bell and wait.
I tip my hips forward so my head wipes across his lips. "Just the one. No thoughts other than us, right here, right now." I growl a bit when he barely touches the head.
I grumble sleepily. "Stargaze some other time, John. I'm cold again." I burrow deeper into the layers of clothing that was covering us.
Any sort of animal could be using this as their den for the Winter so the first thing I do is listen for any rustling. I wish I hadn't gotten here after nightfall since I won't be able to see more than maybe forty or forty-five centimeters inside.
I chuckle at his quick answer. "I thought it might be." I secure the bedroll on Daisy's back and sling my pack onto her saddle. "Put your pack up there, Mycroft - no sense in carrying it, if she's not carrying us."
"Better." I grab the ends of the sash and twirl my hands so the sash starts getting tighter and I have more control of his movements. By the time my wrists are next to his ears it would be almost impossible for him to hear or see anything. I even control his movements. The only thing I cannot control is his mouth, the suction, or his tongue. I push his head down til the head of my cock reaches the back of my throat. I hold him there til he swallows around me to take even more in. When I let him go he lifts his head up quickly to take in deep breaths of air.
"I'm fine, really... I'm fine. Jimmy and Seb are really delightful boys. Jimmy was just feeling a bit... well, left out." I lead Sherlock inside and close the door.
His warm breath on my neck just heightens my own arousal. "Um... no... I think you're doing plenty." It's a good thing he can't see the beautiful shade of crimson my face probably is right now. Here I am, on the verge of freezing, and my cock has other things in mind...
"I thought we were supposed to be anonymous? Hence the masks." I smile at him. "Wouldn't want to ruin your mother's plans for the evening, after all."
I laugh at his ridiculous answer. "Ok deary, if that's what you want to tell me then it's ok." I pat his knee and stand to get a stew bowl. "Hungry?"
I look from Myc to John and back. "Not my story to tell. You'll just have to find out ‘bout your new relations like any other in-law would."
"No, I think we should get some sleep, actually." I pull a blanket off the sofa, and tuck it around John securely. "Of course, we wouldn't want to deprive you of your sleeping space for the night, so we will just sleep out here. I can keep the fire going, as well." I nod, as I lay a pillow on the floor beside the sofa for myself.
"Don't be silly. You seem like a nice young man." I reach over and pat his knee, which is dangling over the arm of the sofa. "Frank's businesses did so much better once I took over." I smile at him. "Takes business sense like mine to make things like that profitable."
The cool night air is a huge improvement. "Thank you, your Highness. It was beginning to get stiflingly warm in there." I take a deep breath. "So why is your mum throwing this party for you, if you don't like parties?"
I look forlornly at the two glasses of champagne, torn between drinking them both or pouring them out.
"I told you, Jimmy dear, not late. The clock started when we placed the bet, remember?" I reach over and pinch his cheek with a grandmotherly smile.
"Oh, I doubt that." I reach up and brush an errant lock of hair from his forehead. "What annoying habits have you driven others off with?"
"Oh, don't you worry about that. I'll take care of him." I pat Jimmy's cheek. "He's easy to handle, once you know how. So, about dinner..."
I grab him before he hits the floor and carry him bridal style to the bed. I grab one of the small decorative pillows and place it under Sherlocks hips. I climb into the bed from the foot area and crawl between his legs. He opens to me freely as I run my hands up from his ankle to groin. "Would you believe me if I told you that you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen?"
"Busy with clients. That's such a nice way to say that you're not important to them anymore." I used to be important til Sherlock got 'busy' with John.
"You remember Harry I'm sure. Her wife's a sweetheart. You'll get along with her just fine." Lock and Harry have the makings to be vinegar and baking soda. Fine on their own but when you mix the two... Boom.
I think for a moment. "We left them in a cave a couple of days ago. We didn't want to weigh ourselves down for the trek back, since we didn't know how long it would be. We made sure we would be able to find our way back there later, of course."
"Your tall, posh friend is quite safe, my dear," I whisper seductively in his ear. "Right now, you'd rather spend time with me."
"You've mentioned puzzles but not very specific." We manage to do a full count without me stepping on any part of his anatomy or my own.
I let myself go limp on the bed, my hands slipping stiffly from the bar as I lay face-down in the pillows.
"I hope you don't mind walking... it's just a couple of blocks, after all." I head up the street with him beside me.
"I swear to you on my honor, John - I will try." With that, I got up from the table, leaving to make some phone calls to a few well-placed newspaper people who might be able to direct me.
"Brother was mostly inventorying the Castle's library and relieving them of a few rare additions." He has seen enough of my embarrassing actions around Gregory.
I return to scrubbing the pot I was working on, glancing over my shoulder to see my brother trying on his custom-made, one-of-a-kind mask. A red ferret.
I start to unbutton his tunic and say a thank you to whatever has made today unseasonably warm. I push the pieces aside and untuck his undershirt to I can put my fingers on his stomach. "You think you've developed a small paunch. You're wrong."
"For the love of. Sherlock!" He looks around the fire at me. "Get your arse on this side of the fire. There's a reason I put it in the entrance so we wouldn't have to be in the snow to use it." No one can be that stupid.
"I was 13 years old and knew in that moment I would never be attracted to a woman. You were the Adonis in every book I had ever read. And, yes, you were scrawny." I blush as I tell him of my crush. "Sherlock even said so when he would tease me and ask about my beau."
"Gregory." I set breakfast on the stand near the bed. "Thank you. No. I am only here this morning to discuss the favor you agreed to last night."
I move closer to him, finding some rocks under the water that make a perfect seat, and pulling him into my lap. "Now, where was I?" I chuckle, nibbling on his neck some more.
"Yeah. Yeah. Whatever." I stare at Lock with barely leashed ire. "As long as you stay out of my unit AND I get as many biscuits as you."
"Yes, I had a very good time. Lord Watson was... quite the gentleman, actually." I blush a little bit. "I'm surprised you didn't notice us. Seems half the journalists within a 50 mile radius did." I show him the front page of the paper I'd been reading when he arrived.
"Dammit All. That's not playing fair." He is more than aware of how protective I am of him. "What if I hadn't stumbled into that cave last week? You'd be dead and it would be your brother’s fault. He as good as killed you." Rubbing my hands over my face does nothing to clear away the confusion his request gives me. "And who knows the guard could easily be lie if he's paid enough.'
"OK, yeah, I don't think you're going to be dancing on that foot, let alone hiking." I move around in front of him and crouch down. "Come on, hop onto my back. I can carry you for a while, at least."
"Mmm. That feels nice." I start to relax a little. For such strong hands, they are wonderfully soft, too.
"I managed to sleep on a cave floor... this floor is far better than that." I grin at him. I bundle my coat around me, and lay my head down.
I giggle. "No, I rather like my own flat, thank you. I'm sure the boys will be here by dinner time." I put the roast in the oven and wash my hands.
"Why?" I am genuinely curious. "Mycroft has a job and does well enough to keep the land up for Mummy."
Climbing out of bed slowly so I don't disturb Locky, I leave the bedroom and quietly shut the door on my way out.
"Your Knight in not so shiny armor." Our quick kiss turns languid and sweet. I move to straddle him and grind our hips together. In the back of my mind I wonder if the amazing sex has been a part of the reason we didn't realize so much time had passed.
I make another pot of tea - a mint tea, this time - and pour a cup the other young man and for myself. I take a seat by the fire, and motion for the dark-haired boy to sit, as well. "So, the two of you know my name. What are your names? We should be on a first-name basis if you're going to stay the night, don't you think?" My voice is syrupy sweet.
I look thoughtful for a moment. "No... no, I can't say I have. No matter. What is it you want with me, anyhow? Seems you went to a lot of trouble to spend time in my company."
I laugh as he relieves the waiter of the tray, and we head down a quiet hallway, finally taking a seat in a small parlour. We both help ourselves to a few finger sandwiches.
"Cause I'm an idiot." As he straightens up a bit I grab his ankle and put his feet in my lap. "I didn't expect to find anyone, ever, and then I did. I found you. Then I lost you." My thumb strokes up and down his ankle. "And that should've been it. The end. But no, I mentioned I'm an idiot right. Instead I got my hope up that I'd find you, and I actually did. Just to realize you don't want to be found."
"Let’s go round to yours and see if he's there? We can get lunch while we're there." I grab my keys and we head out to the parking area.
I dig my nails into his chest to get my balance as I slam myself down repeatedly on top of him. "There. That's good." I grab hold of the head board and use the leverage for height and speed.
"A very good point. The taste is quite good. Perhaps I will let you cook again." I grab the remaining apple from the bag and split it in half. "Fish and apples pair well."
I'm standing at the foot of the bed, staring at him blankly as he approaches. When he's within reach, I wrap my arms around him and pull him close. "Thank you." I whisper in his ear.
I look up from my phone, surprised by his question. "I told you. Moran purchased a cottage in Sussex two months ago. Rural... isolated... the perfect place to hide a kidnap victim."
I wake the next morning with Gregory snuffling in my neck. After I slither out from his arms I stoke the fire and take a chance to grab a sip from my flask as I unpack a small portion of the food that remains.
A smile lights in my eyes (since my mouth is currently otherwise occupied), determined to keep him right where I have him.
We both start walking around the area looking for decent lodging. "There's a fallen tree over here." He shows up to where I am to see what I'm talking about. "Probably got knocked down years ago. Looks like it's got a perfect hollow spot just big enough for the two of us. We'll have to clear it out first." I reach in and pull out old leaves, animal bones, and various forest debris. "This will be perfect. Go gather tinder and I'll go set a trap." My hunting earlier had no results.
"And you’re only now bothering to tell me this?? What do you mean by justice served? It sounds a lot like you killed him for her." I storm into the kitchen to start tea and dinner. "You take a minute to think about it if you need to but you better have a good answer by the time dinner is ready."
I look off into the distance a bit. "No. No one from nowhere is looking for me." I take some of the kindling I'd been keeping dry in my pocket and start the fire. "I'll go wash up first while you keep an eye out." I walk down the stream just long enough to be out of sight. I wash my hands and take a few sips of the frigid water. The reflection of the man in the water looks old and used up. I feel a lot older than my twenty and six years.
I can't exactly see what's he's writing, but by the strokes of his hand, it appears to be drawing, rather than writing. "Whatcha drawin', darlin'?" I ask quietly.
I move my hand to his hip and rock in to him. "Just trying to live up to my reputation, Mycie." I crush our mouths together as I grab his hair.
"No thoughts other than me, us, your pleasure." I feed the head into his mouth when he opens it up and puts his tongue out.
I glance up as John sees some of the ridiculous headlines he earned himself last night. "Are you proud of yourself?" I sneer.
"Ouch." I cringe. "Just how many partners do you think I've got? I only see you a few times a week, but that only because it's all I can afford, and it's obvious you need the money, or you wouldn't be doing this kind of work." I blush, suddenly ashamed.
I jump when I hear the kitchen door open, and see a very annoyed Mrs. Hudson standing there, holding out a bag. "Yes, ma'am," I reply quietly, taking the bag from her. "Thank you, ma'am." I nod, turning to walk down driveway to the garage where I parked my motorcycle.
I look up at John blankly. He rolls his eyes and repeats the question. "Oh. Moriarty is a criminal mastermind, you know - nearly as intelligent as I am, I believe. He would easily be able to afford someone like Moran to do his dirty work. I had Mycroft sort through some rather complicated funds transfers after Moran's death... they lead right to Moriarty's various business enterprises." I shrug. "Rather simple, really. I was disappointed."
"You what?" I slide my arse further down his legs. I lean as if to suck his dick but I only breathe hot breath on it. I tug his trousers to completely strip him stopping briefly to remove his shoes. "Damn you're gorgeous." I grab my own member and stroke it a few times while I look him up head to toe. How did a simple wounded soldier get to lucky?
I grab the books from Lock and lead him out towards the car. Before we have a chance to get in we are surrounded by press. I gather Lock as close as possible and we finally enter the vehicle. "I mentioned crowds, yeah?" I put the car in gear and head back to the Castle. "Can't wait to tell Mum I found you. She'll have me call Sholto immediately."
"So, he left you in a cave, in the woods, in the snow, with no water, no way to start a fire, and no way to find you way home, all in order to -not- kill you?" I chuckle at this a bit. "I'll never complain about my family again."
I hiss at the sting, my knuckles white as I grip the bar as though my life depends on it. "11... Thank you, sir." I say through gritted teeth.
I run my hand over my face and sit down on the other side of the couch with my feet on his lap. "Tell me everything." I wiggle my toes til he starts running them.
"Hedgehogs are generally solitary creatures. So are you." I shrug. "This party was a way for your mum to get you to meet people... possibly a potential partner?" I ask quietly.
I stare at my phone impatiently until a text from my brother arrives. I jump up off the sofa, striding quickly to grab my coat. "Come, John - we have a wolf to catch."
"Greg. Gregory." I slow down my pace so that I can concentrate on his pleasure. I find the spot that causes him to gasp and I focus on rubbing it with the head of my dick.
I put my hand on his arm. "Dear, let me tell you what I've learned about men. They want to feel needed. They will never admit to liking it when you coddle them," I say sweetly. "You have to let him 'earn his keep' as they say. Or you'll spoil him."
With a shiver, I rock back against the pressure of his fingers, while slowly stroking my cock. I close my eyes and rest my forehead on his shoulder, forcing myself to focus on not cumming right this second.
"Onward faithful steed." I chuckle at my own joke. "I've always wanted to say that." His hold of my legs keeps my foot from bouncing, for which I'm grateful, but does not keep the rest of my body in place, which is torture.
I start to feel a bit chill and open my eyes to find the sky has begun to turn grey with sunrise, and our fire is almost completely out. Slipping out from under the blankets, I tuck them firmly around Mycroft's slender form, and tend to the fire a bit, getting it just hot enough for me to make some tea.
I ignore his question for the delay tactic that it is. "Did you really not know our Sherlock was his William?"
"Our horse is quite calm." Only Sherlock rides her. I use a carriage. "Are we close yet? We're traveling much quicker than I did."
"Sure are you?" I watch his eyes darken as if his very thoughts are visible through them. "Helps that you're beautiful and have a ... very ... big..."
The fish is beginning to smell quite delicious, and my stomach rumbles in agreement. I flip them, to ensure they're evenly cooked, and notice Mycroft watching me closely. "Afraid I don't know what I'm doing?" I grin.
"It's just seemed like a much more delicate procedure than what you're doing. Your method seems more... hack and slash, I guess." I watch carefully. "But certainly efficient." I attempt his method on the carcass in front of me, but the dullness of my blade hampers my progress.
"You said it began soon after the girl you loved was moved away." I have never been good for discussions based on matters of the heart but for Gregory I will try. "I may lack experience, but I make up for it in listening well. If you are willing to tell me what happened..."
"Captain" I greet the silver-haired man by the fire. "I would like to see my brother. Will you take me to him?"
My breathing is ragged and my brain is mushy but I remember my promise. I roll over so I'm on all fours and pull the plug out. "Fuck me." Myc’s eyes open wide when he sees the plug.
The perfect position found I hold my self still. "Fuck me." Having to do the work on his own will be a testiment to his muscular thighs. I stroke myself as I wait for him to start.
I start to disrobe myself until I'm in nothing but my loose pants. I guide Gregory to the tree and remove his clothing the same as I have done many times before. The cold is biting so I have him sit on the bedding and bring the blanket around us when I straddle his lap. "I need you." I kiss his neck. "I need to not think." My thumbs find his nipples are rub them. "I need you to make me not think." I grind our dicks together and let out a small moan.
My groans are getting louder. Almost as loud as the head boards bars clanking hard against the wall. Fuck, is he somehow going to break another bed? From the bottom? The thought of all that raw strength and Soldier-y stuff barely contained in a man who let's me, wants me to spank him for being naughty is a pure rush better than any drugs. So close. So close. I just need one more thing but don't know what it is.
I sit down next to him with my back against the wall. "When you grow up in the country you see a lot of naked things, people. When I went to the army I saw even more. There's no room for privacy when your life, or you next meal, is on the line. You don't have anything I haven't seen or got myself. No reason to be shy, ok?" I take a quick look at him and ... I was wrong. So wrong. He has no reason to be ashamed but for a much different reason.
"You have no reason to trust me. Mayhaps if we stay within your line of sight?" Trust is something that will take me a lifetime to earn back.
on my way past him. "Good job mate. Now you can go wash up or whatever. Keep your eyes out on your way." I start cutting the hare into strips and set in on the rocks near the fire.
"Only you." I did not mean to say that out loud. "I meant, no, I am not a rider. I take the carriage only though I drive it myself." Every time I try to sit up straight and proper I get jarred and too soon my bum is hurting.
"Fine. We can stay lost, then." I yank my arm back, but follow him back to the little clearing where our fire is still burning. I sit on the ground, leaning up against a sturdy tree, and sulk.
I raise an eyebrow at him. "Sometimes, Gregory, I believe you hide more truth in a jest than you are aware of."
I make my way down the hall eating the biscuits and asking if anyone knows where Mycroft Holmes is. The moment I see him I remember the fight he and his lover had out by the fountain.
"Just so you know, if it's not edible or medicinal it's not important out here." I skin one rabbit and blindly hand it to Sherlock. "You finish that one and I'll work on this one."
I consider a moment. "Mycroft won't be back for hours, yes?" John nods, slightly confused. "Then we will use the shower in his private bath. It's large enough for us both."
"I think... I think..." Dear Lords what do I think? "Why would it even matter? It's not as if you want more than what we have." I scoff at my stupid romantic notions. I'm almost as bad as my baby brother. "As it is, you, a Captain of the Guard should want less of my attention so that you can find yourself a wife, a mother for the kids you should have."
"She won't ever hurt you. She was actually trying to make me happy. She had this absurd notion that maybe if she apologized you'd come back." I watch his eyes as we talk. No matter how silent he is being his eyes are telling stories. Sadly, I don't know how to read those stories.
I put my hands in his hair and tug. "What about the rest of me?" I unbuckle my belt and kick off my shoes but leave the rest for him to do.
I look horrified. "My coat? How will I stay warm if I'm sleeping ON my coat? Shouldn't I be wearing it?"
"Dear Lord." I feel his arse pulse as we both try to settle down. I pull him down and wrap my arms around him.
I shrug, not really understanding what he is fussing about. "We should get some sleep, if we want to head out at first light." I put my arm around him and lie down behind him, the blankets tucked around us.
"Mum seems to be convinced I won't be happy til I marry. Sis, because she's mean when she wants to be, suggested a Masquerade since I don't care about looks anyways. The problem is everyone knows who I am but I don't know how anyone is. With or without a mask." My leg starts to twitch and I rub at my thigh. "I've never been a fan of crowds. Or noise. Or noisy crowds."
"At this hour? Nonsense." Mrs. Hudson is always up before sunrise - even on nights when her 'book club' runs til the wee hours. I bang on the door one more time. Still no answer. I kneel in front of her door and work the lock with my picks just as John comes downstairs.
"My old Commander. When Mum drove you away I called him and he said he'd put me back to work. I took his offer, thinking I'd never see you again. I was wrong so now I'll have to call him and tell him I can't."
We walk through the forest another 20 minutes or so, when we come to a small clearing, in which rests the small cabin with a garden to the side. I gently set John back down. "You think you can walk on it now?" I stretch overhead, then bend forward touching my toes, groaning as my cramped muscles finally release.
I refill our tea cups, and sit across from him. "So tell me... why did my brother walk home barefoot last night?" I look at him expectantly.
Why had using oil for sex never occurred to me? The feel of John's oil-slicked hand stroking me is divine... better than I've ever felt. I moan against his lips as he kisses me, thrusting my hips up against his hand.
"I'm glad." I lean over his shoulder a little. Just then, a crow flies across Daisy's path, spooking her. Mycroft panics a bit as she rears back, but I lean forward into him, pushing him down against her neck so we don't both slide off her. Some gentle words and pats, and she calms down. I slip an arm around Myc's waist as we both sit back up. "You ok?"
I sit back a bit and look at him. "How would you know what I want?" I trace a finger along his jaw, finally turning his face toward me to look him in the eye. "As a Captain of the Guard, I could have my pick of any woman I wanted, you're right. Gods know, a number of them have tried to convince me over the years. But what I want is someone to curl up with beside a roaring fire, someone I can hold at night, someone who wants to be with me because of WHO I am, not WHAT I am." My thumb moves softly across his cheekbone. "Are you my someone, Mycroft?" My voice is nearly a whisper.
"I will forgive you going through my belongings and taking that mask." I look at her sternly and take a seat next to her. "I forgive you because I can tell you did it out of love for me." I pat her hand and nod for the guard to send the first one through. At first he seems somewhat possible. Correct height area, correct figure, but when he speaks to say his name, William, it takes all my control to not spit my tea everywhere at the sound of his affected lisp.
"Sherlock." I shiver uncontrollably. John puts an arm around me, and I lean into his warmth. "How long do you think until sunrise?”
"Anythin’ good?" I nod towards the paper in his hand. The Evening Edition is more fluff and stuff than news.
"I've made tea. Come get some." I smile at him. He's so used to taking care of me that the very idea I can do things for myself - and for him - is foreign to him.
I pull away from the arm trying to grab me and put my weight down wrong again. My ankle can't take the stress and I fall down hard in the snow on my backside. It feels like everything is closing in on me all at once. "Sherlock. Where's Sherlock?!"
"A month ago, I believe.”  There's something important about that piece of information that's been nagging at me. "Why?"
As his cock return to full hardness I stroke it counter rhythm to my thrusts. Just a few minutes have passed before I hike his other knee on my shoulder and start a deep and hard plundering of his arse. The sweat starts coming off me in tiny rivulets but I hold myself back. "Cum for me Sherlock. Love, I know you can."
"If Sherlock wasn't so, distracted, I would agree with you. But with Watson constantly pulling on his trouser leg it's going to take longer. So if they are here within 48 hours, you win. When they aren't here by the end of that time, I win. What are the stakes?"
After straddling his legs above his knee I pat the red area on his groin left by the smacks. "This is going to hurt so very good." I put my weight down on the hand touching the fresh marks. "Welllll, it's gonna hurt you. I'll be happy and pain free." My smugness is honestly earned because I had the foresight to prep ahead of time.
I finish scrubbing up in the shower - years in the military make it a quick task by habit - and step out to dry off and dress. "I have to head into the pub today... take care of a couple things. You good with her? Or do I need to send some guys over?" I ask seriously.
"Well aren't you a dozen shades of adorable." My smile widens at his lack of knowledge about something as simple as shopping for milk. "They keep it all in the back. It's there, way of getting you to buy more than you were planning on. C'mon, Moonpie, I'll show you where it is."
I almost trip over Mycroft as he stops in his tracks. "No, you haven't killed him. What nonsense is this?" I put an arm around his waist, and sit him on a nearby log. "You didn't do anything wrong, darlin'. You did the best you could. Hopefully, your brother has the sense the gods gave a field mouse, and he's managed to survive to get himself some help. Now let's go find him, OK?" I give him a kiss on the forehead.
"The Phoenix... from the ancient Greeks. A long-lived bird that is reborn from the ashes of its predecessor. Yes, I am familiar with it."
I shake my head. "Dunno. Don't think it will mate. People everywhere are talking ‘bout how to find The Phoenix. I even heard a rumor, just a rumor mind you, that Lord Watson is so heart-broken he's gonna move away." People and their stupid notions of love and crap. "Tell me what happened. I need to know. Did you really cure him of an injury?"
I take his hand and stand. "I'd love to if you're sure but only if you're sure." With a nod from him I gather our blankets and follow him into Irene’s room. We were both already in what we planned to sleep in but it's far different to sleep on a floor than on a bed. "I'm going to get a bit more undressed since padding won't be an issue now." My hands shake a bit as I remove another layer of fabric.
"I'm going to burn your heart out!" Jim yells to Sherlock over Martha's head as her, Sebastian, and myself share tea and biscuits.
I start to shake with relief. I'm unable to respond for a few moments. "Do you believe he may still be alive?"
"You only have the one?" There are few horses in the barn. "These are needed supplies. Clothes, blankets, change of shoes, socks, some food, and a small journal."
"Just a signature on the receipt, and we're good to go, mate." I hand him the receipt and the pen, and he signs it - adding a nice tip - and hands it back. I look around a bit. "You've got a nice place here. Any of the other units available to rent?"
"Miss this?" I slip an arm around him and pull him close to me. "You're not going anywhere, are you?"
I put my hands on my thighs and squeeze tightly. Tight enough that my knuckles go white and my nails make small breaks in my skin. "Are you sure, love? That's a lot. I want to, so much, but I don't want you to jump to anything." I put my hands back onto his sides and wait for him to look at me.
"As you wish." I take off the robe and lay it over the chair near his bed. I put my knees on the bottom of the bed and start crawling over him. When our hips are aligned I lean down and start kissing his neck and raking my nails down his torso. He starts to stretch like a content cat. Sometimes I wonder if I could actually make him purr.
"Some outdoorsman you are.... Armillaria mellea is a type of mushroom... commonly known as honey fungus. Sadly, it's not edible without a lot of preparation, so I didn't harvest any. But it was an interesting specimen." I shrug as I flop on the rocks by the fire, warming my feet.
"My, my, someone's cranky. After having such a good time, too..." I giggle as he sashays into the bathroom and closes the door loudly. I head to the wardrobe and select some clothing, getting dressed quickly. Sherlock's bedroom door is closed, so he's likely in there, studiously ignoring us. I walk down the stairs and find that he graciously thought to put on coffee before vanishing to his room. Pouring a cup, I take it back upstairs, leaving the cup and saucer on the dresser for Greg. When he comes down, dressed and the cup in hand, I am reading the paper on the sofa.
"I hate you!! Both of you!!" I storm down the hallway. "No more points for Hufflepuff ever again. Eeeeever!" With a slam of the door I finish this ridiculous pointless conversation. 4:04 and not a minute after.
His knees start to bend every so often so I direct him to lay of the bed. I straddle his lower legs and return to sucking him off. With one hand I play with his balls and stroke up and down the shaft with the other. Gravity causes the saliva in my mouth to drip onto his penis so it's nice and wet. His hands in my hair encourage me to move harder and faster. When I hum his hips buck up and make me gag when the head is briefly forced down my throat. I moan loudly when he bucks up again but not nearly as high so I can still breathe.
"Oy. And I'm chopped liver." I drag my wife along to where my family is chatting. "And this is my wife, Mrs Chopped Liver."
"I want it. I will miss it is what I'm saying. You will have to return to your normal life. We will have to go back to enjoying a few stolen nights together every fortnight." I have had to make my mind stop dreaming of breakfast at my house, or picnics in the garden, or drinking Sherry as we bask by a warm fire.
I press my body into his as I pull his head down a bit. Our noses bump into each other first and I giggle at how unsuave it all is. My lips brush his, in no hurry to speed this first kiss into anything more. As I feel him relax I swipe my tongue against his lower lip then retreat it.
I freeze the video to look again. "When was the last time Mrs. Hudson left the flat in house slippers, John? I've never known her to do such a thing." I look at the frozen image more closely. "That man has made a remarkable attempt at imitating my appearance - Belstaff, silk shirt, Ferragamo shoes. It's obvious he's trying to throw off anyone who might be observing him."
"My landlady usually does my shopping, in fact. I'm just doing it today because I know she has her book club today, and I don't want to listen to John complain about us being out of milk when he gets home." I say matter-of-factly. "So, do you think I should get full-fat milk? Or skimmed?"
"Couldn't help but overhear..." I grab Johns flute and gulp it down. "John’s a rubbish dancer. Has three left feet. You though, seem to have a knack for it. Dance much?"
"Then I'll drink your portion as well." I take another small sip and put the flask in my bag. "Breakfast, such as it is, is ready." Now that we're not, say, paying for services, I am at a loss about whether I should serve him or stay sat.
Our kissing is more like biting and nibbling and sucking of lips and tongue. I spread my legs a bit more so that our dicks are aligned as much as possible from tip down. His cock is long and lean like him, but with a bit of a curve upwards at the top. Mine is stout like myself, thick and solid. My own balls slap against his as I grind into his ministrations.
We go about 10 steps in 10 minutes so I finally have to concede. "Fine. Turn around and bend over a bit."
"You’re just smelling the wood in our fire." Happens to a lot of newbies that you tell them what to look out for and they swear they see it even though it's not there. "Maybe you should also look out for a carriage and tavern."
"Yeah. Huh. I'll tell the gardener you like her peaches." Lorry will be overjoyed that the only thing that got wet and juicy in her shack was a peach. "I can send you home with a whole mess of them if you'd like. Or have them sent to your house."
"That might work. If it doesn't, we can move to plan B." I make a mental list of the herbs and tinctures I want to liberate from the kitchen. "We will, however, need to get out of bed." I say with a grin
My head is lowered as I walk back to where I hope William waited for me. We didn't go far from the alcove and if he did hear the awful things my Mum and Sister said then he needs to know that I disagree with them. Even after only a few hours I would choose him, my Phoenix, over family or titles or inheritance.
"Yeah, I did. I'm glad you liked them." I watch him pet a small feather on the mask as if it was made of the most fragile of glass. His eyes are etched with sadness and there's a deep gloom surrounding him. "Heard rumor you were shipping out tomorrow. Can you tell me if it’s true?"
Number 12 lands, and I bury my head in the pillows, trying to keep quiet. The sting of the impact sets my arse on fire, and I can feel it from head to toe. I catch my breath, and steady my voice before responding. "12. Thank you, sir."
"Go back to bed sweetheart." I move to lay on my back and pull him into my side. I pet his hair when he lays his head on my shoulder. "I could get very used to this."
I order a steak with all the fixings. After all the exercise I got earlier I need a few extra calories. "Thanks mate." Before our meal arrives, an old friend walks past the table. At first, I planned on pretending I didn't see him due to Myc’s preference of being anti-social but then I remembered what tonight was all about… him not being embarrassed of me. "Hey, Mike." I make a wave motion as he passes.
I follow her to the door and lock it once she's on the other side. "This is it. This is us. Welcome Home, Love."
I chuckle at his attempt to balance a bit of all of them. "Wait." I grab a pint of Lactose free and put it on top of the pile in his arms. "Just in case."
The clock is ticking, brother. I'll never forgive you if she comes to harm because of your dawdling.
"As it happens, I think the phoenix is quite appropriate for me. But if I had to choose another, I think I would be a dragon - ancient and wise."
I peel back the skin and almost comb the meat from the fine bones of the fish using a fork, taking small bites and chewing carefully, so I don't miss any of the smaller bones. The few I find in my mouth I carefully remove and set on the plate, but for the most part, I'm able to avoid them.
I stop a few feet away from him to unbutton my shirt. "He's a grown man who knows how to turn on a radio." I decide to call his bluff. "But I -would- hate to defile his virgin ears. I'll just get myself off at home and meet you for dinner in an hour or so."
"Don't be silly, Jimmy," I scold from the kitchen. "They know full well I'm not on holiday. I would have told them."
"This work for you?" It's not until I let out my breath at his nod that I realise I'd been holding it. "Your turn." I get on his bed and back up til I'm leaning against the head board. As he starts to strip off his clothes I run my hand from my thigh to hip, then hip to abs, and from abs back down to thigh. Each pass bringing my hand closer to my full erection.
I follow along behind John, trudging through the snow that's knee-deep in a few places. I stop a few times to look at some interesting moss growths on trees, only to be interrupted by a grumpy voice telling me to 'Keep up!' I suppose if I lose sight of him, I would be well and truly lost, so I do my best (while still stealing moments to gather samples of interesting things and tucking them into my pockets).
"Remember that night that you asked me to suck you off instead of riding you? Remember how you kept asking if I could breathe because you thought you were choking me?"
"Get back here, John." He turns to face me. "Do you have a better way to get him to come here? He may be in that crowd. I need your help, if you want to find him."
I relax into the familiar sensation of his finger pressing into me, trembling and writhing when he presses my prostate again. The warmth curling in my groin grows exponentially every time he does.
"What? It's only been five days." That can't be possible. "What's the date today?" I glance at the guard noticing his perfected defense pose.
I shift the food around on my plate, expertly making it look as though I've eaten. Since John wasn't inclined to lecture me about not eating properly, it seems I'm going to get away with it until I notice Mrs. Hudson scowling at me. I shove a forkful of potato in my mouth grumpily.
I trace my fingers over the white parts left by the holes in the paddle before I switch hands and smack him twice on the other side.
"I said part of it was that if you ever kiss anyone else I want you to hate it." He continues to look at me. "Ok, I originally said I want to ruin you for Irene."
I walk back into Mrs. Hudson's flat. "Charles Perrault, John. Do keep up." I flop onto Mrs. Hudson's sofa. "Author of Red Riding Hood in the 17th century. Hence, the references to Grandma and the Wolf in the note, and the red ribbon in the envelope." I huff. "It seems we are meant to be Red Riding Hood."
"I would prefer you not destroy the kitchen to find a way to feed your broken heart, brother." I reach into a seldom-used upper cabinet and pull out a jar, handing it to him. "Do you want coffee with those?" When he nods, I turn to start a pot while he heads to his bedroom, grasping the jar of biscuits like a lost child. After taking him a cup and being chased out of his room by just a glare, i return to the kitchen and pour myself a cup, nursing my own broken heart silently.
"John, you're going to hurt your ankle even worse." I put my arms around him and haul him up to his feet. With an arm around his waist, I guide him to the small bench in Irene's garden, and sit him down. Looking up, I see that the sunlight is waning. "I think we have to stay here tonight, but we need to be careful. No more tea."
"Cool your jets, ace. It's obvious it isn't for you so it has to be for someone else. If it were for a lady, she woulda sent you with a list and specific brands. So that means it has to be for a guy. It's not all the hard to figure out. It's called deduction." Inside I am laughing at his look of... Sherlockiness.
It's 4:02 am when Seb’s snoring wakes me up. No amount of pushing, shaking, or trying to roll him is shutting him up. I'm still enjoying the glow of a good high so I'm more annoyed than angry. This leaves me with three options. One, sleep on the couch. That's a nope. Two, cover his face in duct tape. Also a no since I don't want to train another one. Three, blow job. That always works. He and I know blowjobs lead to sex so I take some time to have a shower and prepare myself. "Seebbbby. Baaaabyyy. Wakey wakey." It's never good to wake a soldier by touching first. A grunt, and lack of chainsaw levels of breathing is enough of a cue to say he's awake enough to touch now. I lift up the covers at the bottom of the bed and crawl inside.
"I thought you were a smart boy. Of course Jim wants marriage. Love, marriage, family. He needs it." I swear if it wasn't for me none of these boys would be truly happy. "Just talk to him. Right after a good tussle was when I found my Frank to listen the best. He was always a bit more honest after a good spanking." The potatoes done and the veggies ready I start to whisk up some eggs.
"We do?" I lift one eyebrow. "Do tell." I move the food around on my plate and think about how quickly Seb shut down her talk of marriage.
I walk around a bit after I'm finally off that weapon of pain. "What’s her name?" I pet the beautiful horse. Her mane is a silver black color and she is quite fitting her master who's dark. hair is showing signs of early silver streaks.
The water, and the gentleman in it, are too inviting to resist. I undress and get into the water as quickly as possible so that Gregory won't be subjected to view my sub par body for long.
I come down the stairs, my arms full of Mycroft's bedding. After getting the laundry started, I walk quietly into the kitchen and take a seat at the table.
I sit next to him and look for any signs or clues as to who he could be. "Tell me something about you?"
I walk back with an armful of reasonably-sized branches. "There's also wine, and some jerky." I smile, as I kneel to get the fire going.
"My parents had faith in my ability to be gainfully employed. Not so with my brother. Of course, he was too young for them to make the assumption."
I enter the Holmes residents nearly out of breath. "SHERLOCK! Get your skinny arse here right now!" I use the Evening Edition News as a fan to cool myself off.
I choke on my tea. "You were married?" I try not to think about the mental picture she just gave me... that sweet little old lady...
"What?" He wants me? "Why? How?" This inability to think must be how the normal people feel. I keep looking into his eyes waiting for the punchline, the haha at the end of a joke. I see it not. "That would be foolish Gregory. You must stay at the Castle and there must be someone at the Estate to keep it running smoothly. I would be your consort, and it would please me very much, even the Duke has a male consort so that is not the concern, but what of children? What of..." There are so many things to consider. His eyes take on a sad look as his hand drops from my jaw. I wrap my arms around his neck. "I did not say no. I asked how, why." I rub my cheek against his. "I would marry you this very instance if it were possible. I worry you have not thought this through."
I set the mask back on the pillow beside me to it won't get harmed. "Promised Mum I'd give her til midnight tonight to find my partner from the Ball. When that doesn't happen, and I think we all know it won't happen, then I officially sign up with Sholto's crew and head back to the Desert for four years."
"It was Harry who chose this mask." I had stated many times, in many ways, that I would be just as fine going naked or in my uniform. "Do you think it would turn off a potential partner? That I'm a solitary hedgehog?"
"Charles who?" As per normal he has already gone up the stairs and grabbed everything he needs before I am even done putting tea things away.
"My dearest, you were so drunk that night. You couldn't stop talking. You kept saying filthy things about my mouth and what you wanted me to do with it. So I did it." I draw one hand down his chest to his groin. "You were the hardest I had ever seen you. You kept whispering dirty things and telling me -exactly- what to do."
I bend down behind him and nip the back of his neck lovingly. "Sometime, I'd love to see some of your drawings." I say quietly. Straightening up, I continue. "Fish should be ready to eat in 15 minutes or so. I filled a skin with water, too." Having just disposed of his brandy, I didn't think offering him wine would be a good decision at this point.
I was able to slip around the edges of the crowd, largely ignored, as no one had an idea who I might be. I grabbed two flutes of champagne from a young waiter's tray, and slipped unseen into the back hall, heading through the double doors toward the garden. I walked quietly to the fountain, and took a seat on a nearby bench to wait.
I rest one hand tentatively on his shoulder and the other on his waist, and press my lips to his. I've never before so wished for daylight, where I would be able to see his eyes right now.
This time I don't bother steadying my voice. I raise my head up to look over my shoulder at him. "13. Thank you, sir." Almost over... almost done I chant in my head.
I grab hold of the warmth of his body and just shake all over. Tears-- err no. My eyes leak a bit in relief. "He's not dead. If he survived here he must still be alive."
"No. He was asking about biscuits..." I eye Greg suspiciously. "Did you tell him my brother had baked some?"
"What should we do my love?" I trace my nails down his chest, past his belly, to the buckle of his belt. I undo it slowly as I move on to teasing his other nipple. "What do you want to do?"
A small smile creeps onto my lips. "Thought you'd never ask," I growl. I move my hands to his hips and thrust up hard into him.
"No arguments. You are the man of the house, so you need to handle this. I don't care how you do it, but you need to ensure he will not return." She can't bring herself to tell Mycroft to kill his brother, but it is implied in her tone, and the look of shock on Mycroft's face proves she had gotten the point across.
"Sherlock and Mummy are gone. The house and property are paid for. Father’s pension is enough to cover the basics. I make money translating and transcribing old texts." My needs are remarkably few. "I spend my nights with you, when you want me, not because I have to." Please don't make me say it is because I want to.
I stare blankly at the empty champagne glass, and my eyes follow him as he walks away rather quickly. I shrug and set the glass down on a nearby table and head toward the dessert table.
I rub my chin. "No harm done..." I unfold myself from the corner and get out of the tree hollow. "So... which direction to the cabin you saw?"
crowds, Greg. Of course I didn't think he would be at the ball. Hell, I didn't think he'd WANT to be there." I look into my tea. "I didn't tell him about it because I didn't want to have to babysit him the whole time."
"Never mind my love. It is a foolish notion." I put the ring back on my thumb where it will stay for the rest of its existence.
"Fine." I slap his arse on the way out of the bedroom. "Irene, why don't you come show me what parts of the deer you want to keep preserved.'
"No. I'm not going anywhere without you. Daisy probably wouldn't even let me ride her if you are not present." I snuggle, I mean make myself more comfortable, into him. "I will miss the closeness of these last few days." I'm embarrassed by expressing such juvenile emotions. "How do you know where the spring is?"
I remember something he did, and move one hand off his hip, cupping his balls, and pressing my fingertips against the flesh just behind them. Based on his sudden reaction, I found the right spot.
I hit my forehead with my hand. "Sherlock... Just because he lied about his rank doesn't mean... Oh. I am an idiot. The brand! Sherlock, the brand! It was a wolf. Remind you of anything?"
“Not so! I just never… I mean, I have an image to… and his reputation as a playboy…” I rest my head on the table with a groan.
Pfft. "Yeah, I went to Baker Street. It's not like they know who I am. No risk.  I'll tell you, Watson looked like he hadn't slept in a week. They must really be worried about her," I nod toward the kitchen.
"Tsk tsk tsk tsk. Cheating makes no body a winner." I glare at a certain ex-Soldier who will be sleeping on his own for the next long while. "We agreed on 48 hours from the moment I relieved you from your premises. That was at exactly 4:04pm. Just ask Sherlock here, he'll tell you that the CCTV MyCraft sent was time stamped 4:04"
"I watched him head west. Remember there's going to be at least two, maybe more. You need to stay hidden til the coast is clear." We slowly make our way out of sight from That Woman's cottage. "Before you get all too thankful for her hospitality, you should wonder why she wanted to keep us there." Sometimes he's too naive about people's motives. It's endearing and frustrating in equal parts.
I wave my hand in the air in a meh way. "I did do my homework, ya know." I start quoting from the dossier that was put together about her.
"But you're good. Good heart. Good soul. Good tea. I'm bad. Bad bad bad. No heart. No soul. No tea." I turn over my empty cup.
"It's only because you're cute." I bop him on the nose in a playful way then laugh. Without warning I drop the rest of my weight down, making sure to land some of it on his new bruise. The pain on his arse must be deliciously unpleasant at best.
"The help books will do out here is kindling." Judging that it's been at least two hours I decide I'll go check the traps. "Finish up these branches and grab some more til we got a decent size pile. I'll be back soon."
"Why do you hate me?" I claw my way out of the bed and go straight to the shower. "If you don't hate me I'll take a cup of caffeine as proof."
I forward my brother's request to Anthea and ask her to make haste in getting the video to him. She replies within 20 minutes that the video links have been sent as requested.
My mouth twists as I consider his words. As much as I hate to admit it, he's right. "All right, then."
"Yes, I was. Poor Frank ended up in prison before he passed away. There was no love lost by the time he was arrested. We hadn't had sex in years by then. Not like you and your Jim. A healthy sex life is important to a good marriage." I can hardly wait til these two get hitched.
I slowly make my way to him and make a show of walking my fingers up his arm to his neck. "I want... I want one thing. One itty bitty thing."
My hand goes on top his arm. "Thank you. It is an honor you will allow me to come by." I see Gregory and Sherlocks beau both in an attack stance. "Perhaps we should return to our men before they do any damage."
I can tell by the look in his eyes that I've got him right where I want him. "Of course." I lean down and press my lips against his, my fingers combing through his hair softly.
I nod to cousin Percy, the biggest gossip in the family. He winks as he walks past with his wife. "Father had the good sense to die instead of coming home, you mean." Mum had oft said that our Father's greatest gift to us was dying a war hero. I used to think she said that to hide the pain of his death. Now, I'm not so sure it hasn't become her version of the truth.
"You were right about Irene. She can't be trusted." I lean up on my elbow and look down at him. "We need to get away anyway. I want to see my brother, talk to him. If after that, you decide I'm still not safe, then we'll move on."
"Mycroft was always taking care of me. Bringing me books, sneaking me sweets when Mummy wouldn't let me have any. One night, after Father died, I ate some bad meat, and was terribly sick for days. Mycroft cleaned me up, held me, made me some clear broth when I could finally eat again. He gave up so much to take care of me." I look up at John. "He didn't want me dead. It's just not logical."
I chuckle lightly, stroking my hand across his back as he rests his weight on me. "And you me... twice. Quite impressive." I rub my cheek against his hair.
"Is that the rest of his clothing? I noticed he was... um... missing some when he came home." I hide my smirk as I pour the tea.
"Shhhh. Shh. Shh. It's ok. You did so good. That's why you're my favoritest ever." I rub his back side softly. "Be right back." I come back with aloe and water.
I find that if I concentrate on something other than the muscular body I'm curled up against, I'm actually a bit tired. I consider closing my eyes for a moment.
Moonlight... I jump up fully awake now. "Sherlock, move off." I untangle our bodies and make haste to the front of the cave. "Moonlight, Locky, I can see the stars."
I giggle as I walk into the kitchen and get two cups prepared for us, carrying them back into the living room on a tray with a few biscuits. Jimmy is sitting on the sofa, humming idly with a silly grin on his face. "Drink some tea, dear. Those soothers can be a little strong if you're not used to them, you know."
My mouth gapes open, shuts closed, goes open again, closed, open. "Cause he's an idiot! I don't know why he thinks that. Just because I said it doesn't mean I meant it. He's too smart to be so dumb." I start rummaging around the cupboards looking for nothing in particular. "Just because I said dead people can't get married to wanted criminals didn't mean I wouldn't come back to life and get him a pardon. If he really wanted it he would've said something."
I scramble up the rocks - not an easy climb, but just the sort of challenge I like. With only a few scrapes, I manage to haul myself up to the top, where I have a decent view. "I can see smoke - off to the north a bit." I yell down to him. I look around a bit more, and see that to the north, the forest stays thin, so I won't be finding any signs of someone's passing - we'll just have to keep going in that direction and hope the smoke is connected to a campfire, or better, a cottage.  With a significant amount of slipping, I quickly come back down the rocks.
Hmm. "Quite the non-answer there Dearest Gregory." I put my hands on his waist and kiss his cheek in return.
I smile as I ever so slowly lower myself down a third of the way. "Maybe." I lower most of the way then stop. "Maybe not."
"Well, if there's virtually no way to get there before sundown, as you are suggesting, then finding shelter here makes the most sense. We can leave at daybreak, then." I look around. "Any suggestions?"
I scratch his scalp lightly and adjust my feet so my legs are open wider. "Thank you, baby." I'm looking forward to the moment when he finds that I currently have my favorite plug tucked in my arse.
"I didn't say I wasn't marriage... Wait wait wait. A wager? What are the rules?"  I clap my hands at the thrill of being surprised by this woman and getting a new game to play. "I love gambles."
I tuck the blanket around us, holding Mycroft gently in my arms for a while, just watching him sleep, listening to his heartbeat for a while. I then shift, laying him down beside me, my arms still holding him to me, and start to drift off to sleep myself.
I walk alongside him, letting him lead Daisy as we head north. "I'm hoping we find a camp, or even a cottage. There's obviously someone out there. Maybe your brother is with them, or they've at least seen him.
In order not to fall I keep my hand on the cave wall and follow it towards the back. "Omph" I trip over something. "I'm sorry." I think I either stepped on his toe or possibly a finger.
"No. Gods no." Even though I have just cum the thought of having him has me stiffening. "You don't want me to stop, do you?" I lift up so I can make eye contact. "Lock?"
I smile at him a little. "Now how would I maintain anonymity if I did that?" I reply with a chuckle.
the thought of a vial marked -for sex-with John- in Sherlocks neat script makes me laugh and the tension drain from me.
I pat his head. "Good boy. Follow me." I take the end of the sash like a leash and guide him to end of the bed looking in the direction of the head board. Sitting down in front of him I pat my leg for him to lay his head on while I pet him. "You're doing all sorts of adulting things. That's good. You're getting mouthy with me. That's bad. Let's put your mouth to better use." I put my hand behind his neck and guide him to my cock.
I gasp as I watch him swallow my entire length. Several of the other guards had women who could manage it for them, but I never expected to find anyone who could do that for me. And then, the vibration of his throat around me adds to the pleasure tenfold. "Damn, gorgeous..." I groan, caressing his jaw softly, as that familiar sensation starts to curl in my groin.
I shake my head and grab my bunny by the feet, front in one hand and rear in the other. "Eat it just like a turkey leg."
I feed a bit more wood into the fire. "The plan isn't to stay here and freeze to death. Hopefully the snow will stop and give us a decent glimpse of the sky." I strip off my boots and jacket and lay them on this side of the fire.
I put my hand on his hip just like I did in the shower and push pull a bit so he remembers he can control the depth and pace. With my other hand I go under his balls and insert on my middle finger into his prepared opening. It takes me only a moment to find his prostate and tap on it gently.
I pull his head off me and stand up. I unwrap the sash and reach for the paddle I grabbed earlier. "I tried to be nice. I -wanted- to be nice. But you want to be punished so punish you I shall." I tap his feet with my foot. "Up. Up. Up. On the bed. You know how I want you." As he positions himself I grab a cockring and lube out of the nightstand drawer.
Taking him at his word I go back to small licks around his anus before putting a bit of lube on my fingers and rubbing them around the opening. "Turn around."
"I did no such thing," I say sternly. "But, I can't say I was heart-broken when Florida decided to put him out of my misery." I lean back in my chair. "The man would bed anything in a skirt, you know. And he had absolutely no idea how to run a business."
"Surely you'll want to give the lands to your heirs?" I notice he was not wearing his signet ring. That means he's given the ring to another... perhaps he's chosen a wife? It seems unbelievable, but not impossible.
He arches when I grab his pecs and dig my finger nails in deep. "Uhhhhg. Just like that." I bounce harder each time I drop down.
Even though Sherlock swears we're still heading in the right direction I can't shake the feeling of being lost or heading the wrong way. At the top of the tree I see that he was right.
What a weird question. "Five long weeks. Thirty-five days of me being convinced I killed my baby brother."
"Angry is a form of sad, Seb. Is Seb short for Sebastian? I knew a Sebastian once. Right bastard he was. Not nearly as handsome." I pat his hand when I set the tea down. "Sugar?"
"I notice that in certain weather conditions, you have more difficulty breathing. It concerned me, so I started paying more attention." I kiss him lightly on the lips.
I stare at her in shock tinged with admiration. "Oh? Do tell." This time I ask with honest curiosity instead of her being a riddle to solve.
Everytime he thrusts up I bare down. I feel myself getting closer to the edge each time my prostate is grazed by his fat cock.
I nudge Greg's arm and direct him back to the kitchen where we can chat. "Don't mind him. I burned the last batch of biscuits I made, and he's been grumpy about it for days."
As soon as the cigarette leaves his lips, I take it from him and take a long drag before handing it back, blowing several perfect smoke rings into the sky. "My game plan did not include going home with him. I had someone else in mind."
My arm naturally goes around her waist. "I think there's more than enough room both of us could sit on the couch. Or I could stand if you want." Shut up John. Why would you make her move? This is nice.
I swallow as much down as possible but some of his come leaks out. I make a show of licking him clean then I lay my head on his thigh. Now that the heat of the experience is passing I can feel the cold bitterly. I slowly stretch my body and cuddle into his lap. I fall asleep quickly and have my first dreamless rest in ages.
I chuckle at the memory. "Well, I'd had a bit to drink, too... the whiskey was certainly flowing that evening. I'm sure your brother gave you an earful after seeing that..."
"Ah. I see. That is to be expected though. An older woman teaching a younger man." I shrug my shoulders. Lady Smallwood is known for entrapping young men and parading them at court only to toss them aside for a younger model. 'Have you had many?"
"You are a witch. You've drugged us each in turn, trying to use us for your own benefit. You almost had John..."
"I hear that's one of my better traits." I grin up at him as he pulls me close. I press my hips against his with a growl - he is as hard as I am. I reach up and pull his lips to mine possessively.
I shuffle my feet, visibly uncomfortable with the question. Without a word, I take his hand and lead him back to the bench so we can sit. "I don't want to talk about hi... I mean, them."
I look at the clock.  “Fine, then.  First thing in the morning.” I sit down with a huff and start picking at the meal he’s set in front of me.
Having watched his technique closely, I find I am able to almost perfectly duplicate it with the sharper knife and have cleaned and dressed the rabbit in no time flat. I beam with pride.
"Meh." I make grabby hands for the cakes, but she doesn't budge. I give my best puppy dog eyes, but she still doesn't budge. "I'm rich, successful, adored, feared. All the things. It's ok." My hand rests on the floor when I let my arm fall limp in my failed attempt at more goodies.  "I'm good at being bad. Bad at being good. Good thing I'm bad." A dramatic sigh escapes me. "I am a very bad person."
The look on his face is pure bliss. He moves slowly, gently. The feeling of fullness is positively divine. I reach up and cup his face in my hands, kissing his face softly.
My eyes tear up as I take him as far down as possible. A long low moan comes out of me as I swallow him down. I add another finger to the one already toying with his prostate and rub a lazy circle pattern around the area.
"Of course, of course. You didn't do so well at Epson Downs last weekend. Perhaps researching the horses more thoroughly would help - picking them based on 'lucky numbers' or jockey 'attributes' isn't a reliable way to do it, you know." I nod.
Greg comes back and sits down. "As my PR Manager, and hopefully friend, is there anything about my future husband and his family I should know about?"
"Oh, yes. You'd mentioned needing my help... my expertise, if you will." I nod taking a seat across from him with my cup of tea and a muffin. "Since you've so kindly invited me, the least I could do is offer suggestions."
The kiss becomes passionate but sloppy as I'm lost tasting him and being engulfed by him. It seems to take forever before I finally bottom out. I hold my position and regretfully end our kiss so I can lean up for better leverage.
"Of course! I've read that when in survival situations of extreme cold, sharing body heat is a good strategy." I nod enthusiastically. My stomach grumbles loudly. "Is dinner ready yet?"
Before he has a chance to change his mind, I undo the cock ring with a relieved sigh. I stroke my hands softly over his thighs. "Thank you."
I open my eyes and take a brief glance of my surrounding. The moonlight shines into the cave, the fire is still glowing, and Sherlock is tucked up warm and safe against me. I close my eyes to go back to sleep.
"I noticed he has a weird scar. Looked like he had a wolf wearing a crown branded into his forearm." Before I get a chance to text that to Mycroft my phone beeps with an incoming picture message. It's a photo of Kalle in fatigues.
"All right" I reply, turning the taps on. I, too, prefer a steamy hot shower - especially when I manage to commandeer my brother's private sanctuary for it. Once the water's just right, I step under the spray, pulling John in with me.
I sit carefully on the edge of the bed. The twigs and leaves crunch under my weight, and it's lumpier than any mattress I've ever slept on, but I don't dare complain. I curl up on the edge of the bed.
"You have far more practical experience in this area than I do. If you think it would be wiser to find shelter now and go to the cabin tomorrow, then that's what we should do." I nod. "How far do you think it was?"
"We got lost." Something ‘bout her seems as off as the cottage. "We were hoping you'd let us stay for a bit, maybe eat and warm up, before we head out. Mrs...?" The woman is quite striking.
I look at the kitchen in abject horror. "Sherlock knows better than to leave the kitchen in this condition," I snarl. "Where the hell is he? SHERLOCK!" I start into the living room. My recliner is mostly reclined, and several springs have torn through the seat fabric - it's ruined. I'm getting angrier by the second.
I sigh heavily. "The original story Red Riding Hood was written by Charles Perrault in the 17th century. Now, given how you described our Sebastian as blond-haired and blue-eyed, one would typically think him more of Scandinavian origin, yes?" I wait a moment for John's attention. "The Swedish translation of Charles is Kalle, pronounced KAH-le, much as you say he pronounced it."
"Let's go get them now. I'll distract her while you take what we'll need. We should ask her if she's seen anyone nearby. I'm sure they would've come here first and asked about you." Before I get up I roll him onto his back and kiss him. "I will not ever let anyone hurt you again. Got it?"
"Nah. It's cute when he gets all.... All.... Mycrofty." Yep. New word. Mycrofty. "What about you? Did you make your own mask?" I grab a biscuit off the tray. "These aren't burnt! Goofy boy." I ruffle his hair in a way I know he would only accept from me.
"Biscuit?" I hold out the tray but there's only one left so I hope he doesn't take it. "I was told you know the baker. Was hoping I could get more, maybe put in an order for something else."
As his body starts to settle I put one knee on my shoulder and position myself at his entrance. Just as his brain is coming back online I push into his arse.
"I do have an Apple Tree on the Estate." I attempt to hide my nerves by tending the fire. "If you'd ever be inclined to come to my house instead of meeting in your rooms."
I look away, feigning innocence with a grin. “Speaking of cleaning, I should clean up the kitchen. Perhaps bake some more biscuits for you. Chocolate, this time?” I smile sweetly.
Standing beside Gregory I speak to Sherlock for the first time in over a month. "Hello, Brother Mine." A quick visual scan tells me he is not only healthy but looks better than he has in a long time if ever.
"I told you that ring IS ME! It is my PAST! My PRESENT! I had hoped YOU were my FUTURE! You are insufferable!" I try to get back up, but he keeps me slightly splayed across his lap.
"You've got another easy day, then, old girl." I scratch Daisy's cheek as I start off down the trail, Mycroft beside me, and Daisy following along behind. We make decent headway before the forest starts to thin a bit, and I have more difficulty finding signs that someone has been through. I hand Mycroft Daisy's reins. "I'm going to climb up that rock outcropping and see if I can get a feel for where we are, and a likely direction he might have continued." At least, where the forest might be willing to show me signs again.
"It was weeks before I could leave the house without being afraid someone would see me. Obviously, I couldn't work for my father anymore - my very existence had a negative impact on the bakery. So, I took Daisy and left as soon as I could." I sigh. "One advantage of the guard is that they don't care about your past. I knew I'd be safe there."
I'm about to launch into a colorful but firm response in the negative when my brother enters the room.
"Well," I reach over as soon as he sets down his cup and pour more tea into it for him. "You can start by talking to poor Sebastian."
"Suit yourself. Go hungry." I take a good bit out of my meal. "I'll be sure to tell your brother that you died with good and proper manners. He'll be so proud."
Up ahead, Martha hums to herself and she carries the tray up the stairs. "How sweet of the boys to both make me hearts. I thought they were both quite... nice, in their own way."
I take a bite of the biscuit and am blown away by the near perfectness off it. "Who made these? They're amazing."
I finally give in to that all-powerful urge to let go. A few stuttered thrusts and I'm cumming inside the hottest tightest wettest every-good-thing-est arse ever created. A footnote from an anatomy book about
I grab him and pull him into a hug. "NoPe." I start kissing him all over quickly. "Admiring, not teasing." A small smile breaks out on his face. "Are there any questions you have about sex? Wait, you're you," I smile at him, "I should say 'what' questions do you have my love?"
I twirl my fingers and push pull them in and out a few times before I add more lube and attempt three fingers. I do a broad lick up the vein on the underside of his circumcised penis, followed by a few shallow dips of my tongue into the slit on the head. I'm not just trying to figure out what he likes but to keep him from focusing on any possible discomfort.
I jump to my feet. "Of course! The note... the story!" I cry out. "Well done, John! You'll learn this yet!"
"You look as though you came to discuss something with me. Did you have a particular security concern you'd like me to address?"
"Bloody gorgeous mate." The colors accent his pale cream complexion perfectly. The jacket, which some gent left at my shop, after hours mind you, fits like a glove. "More important. What do you think?"
"What would you have chosen if not a Phoenix?" He strikes me as a majestic beast of some sort. Something graceful. Something rare.
"Yes, all of it. I want to spend time with you, I'm beyond ecstatic that you seem to want the same."
"Honey! You're home!" I stand on the seat of the couch and jump into his arms. "I destroyed a small country today. What did you do?"
Mmmm "I would love for you to make me a dessert, dumpling." I attempt to make him laugh with names like he uses on me.
I feel his lips brush mine again, and lean in to kiss him a little more firmly. His tongue nudges against my lips and I yield, my lips parting.
"I guess. What do you want me to do?" I have no idea what to do, so I grab one of the smaller branches and try stripping the twigs and leaves off it like he's doing.
I laugh and kiss him on the cheek before squeezing him and setting him back on the floor. "Oh, just work. Did a little detective work for you," I grin.
"Sorry ‘bout that." I can hear a tremor in his voice that says he's as cold as me. "What was your name again?"
"Oh blimey. I thought they were twins! Obviously I'm horrible at this game." I look around and no one really stands out. "Who's got the worst outfit you think?"
"No, definitely not." I look up at him with hopeful eyes. "If you are able to continue, I am most willing."
"How do you plan on explaining the door when she returns?" I smile when his look goes from perplexed to put upon. "Let’s go."
"I don't care! I don’t deserve to live! I killed my own baby brother! I am nothing more than a whore." I finally get a hold of the flask but it's well and truly empty. "I need to not think sometimes. It's the only other thing that works to shut up my mind."
I hand him another piece of apple, and press my forehead to his shoulder. "You're welcome, darlin'."
"To peace and quiet in the middle of chaos." I raise my glass with a nod, and take a long sip myself. I return to my seat on the bench, and motion for him to join me.
The table is now covered in tea that I spit out yet still managed to choke on. "You got Sherlock to kill your husband? Damn. You are good."
"Yeah. Sounds simple enough. Straight forward and such." I nod along with his explanation. "You really ought to thank your brother sometime for all the help he gives you." It takes about a heartbeat before we both start laughing. "Don't fret my love. I know if you didn't tell him where to look he would still be searching the Queen's attic."
"The pension isn't all that good. Maybe for a Colonel but not for a Captain." Why would he say Corporal? Makes no sense. "Maybe he was bored. Maybe he was looking for a change. Maybe he is secretly a spy. Who knows? Soldiers do weird things when they get back to Civilian life."
, despite an earlier mishap with the flour. Seems in his haste to drown his sorrows in biscuits, he moved one of the flour containers, and when I opened that cabinet, it came tumbling out, getting flour everywhere - including on me. I managed to get most of it off my face and out of my hair, but it was a mess to clean up.
"If you're in such a hurry why don't -you- climb the tree and get our bearings." For whatever reason I am weary of going to the cottage we saw yesterday.
When we get to the edge of the clearing, I take Daisy's reins from Mycroft and tie her to a tree near a nice grassy patch. "Let's go see if maybe the person in this cottage has seen your brother recently." I grab my cloak from Daisy's back and put it around my shoulders, and stride up to the door.
I leave my room and head for the main hall. It’s not even 5am and the Castle is almost as loud as it was the night of the Ball. When I get to the gallery at the top of the stairs I see so many men. The majority are the same height and figure as William. Some even have feathers sticking out of their hair. The moment one of them sees me he shouts John! and the others join in. I run back to my suite and lock the door as a large group of them start climbing up the stairs.
I think for a moment, trying to remember the bits of conversation I'd heard. "No, he didn't agree with her, per se, but he also didn't argue, at least not very well. It seemed like I was more a problem for her than for him, though." I touch my fingers to my lips for a moment, daydreaming about how soft his lips were when he kissed me. "I think I will miss him, if he leaves."
I smile in response. "Her Highness, Lady Dove of Watson." I kiss her hand and bring her attention to my partner. "Meet William... Of the... Phoenix?"
I look at Jim, who looks as confused as I am - then look back at Mrs. Hudson's stern glare. I shrug, and head down the hall as instructed.
After I ring the bell I double check I have the right address. Yup. This is 221 Baker St. It’s a fairly normal building for this area of town. People on the street are starting to take a second look at me so I ring the bell again and knock hoping to be let in before the crowds discover who I am.
I am woken by my brother stomping into the house at an obscenely early hour. By the state of his clothing (and lack thereof in some places), I see that he's spent the better part of the night with Greg, and given his mood and that he appears to have walked home barefoot, the evening did not end on a good note. I hide my smirk. "Good morning, brother. Trouble in Paradise?"
My jaw drops. "I..." I don't even know how to begin to respond to that. "I think I should leave. I... need some space..." I quietly get up and locate most of my clothes, deciding that looking for my socks and underwear is not a priority at the moment. Shoes in one hand, I open the door to leave, and stop to look at him. "Please accept my deepest apologies, Gregory." I step barefoot onto the street, the landscape lit by the first glimmers of sunrise. I opt to walk the few blocks back to my house, hoping to clear my head.
