The broken branches proved the truth of this assumption, and John followed them gratefully. He did not, however, call Sherlock’s name, reticent to have it in his mouth; instead, he proceeded rather stealthily than otherwise, so that when he—thankfully--came upon the figure of Sherlock standing immobile in a group of spruce trees by a ravine, he took him by surprise.
Pelvic massage, indeed! It was self-abuse, pure and simple, and the heaviness at the base of his belly, through his bollocks and behind, wasn’t congestion – it was desire. Sexual desire. He wasn't performing a medical procedure. He was wanking.
"Stay here," he said to Sherlock, and leaped up, slinging the gun over his shoulder in one swift movement, running out of the raspberry patch at top speed, Sherlock at his heels.
John sat for a brief second in the still wagon. It was not yet dark, and he would not be breaking their resolution about being in the woods after dark if he were to examine the tree—and he should. Something did not feel right. He leaped out of the wagon and tied Arthur to a (very solid) birch tree. Then, hefting the axe that had been in the wagon bed, he walked back to the base of the fallen tree.
“More likely any evidence is on the other side,” he said, “but better safe than sorry.” He’d map the whole thing into a notebook later, but for now he was just trying to get to the scene as quickly as his sense of scientific inquiry would allow.
"Those years and what I've taught you in them are the only legacy I can leave you, John.  I have been a failure in some things” Douglas swallowed, looking out the window, “and a coward in others, but you have learned enough to be neither of those. And your mother's people will care for you--I know that.  The Lestrade pride will guarantee so much, if nothing else.  And they won’t be able to help loving you once they know you.”
“No, of course not,” she said soothingly, bustling over to the kitchen bench. “Well, at least he’s done a good job here.”
“You never know.” John turned and faced Sherlock head-on. “Now,” he said, eyes steely, “Get yourself clean and get into the cabin.”
John needed to get outside, and soon. He took his plate to the kitchen bench and headed for his boots.
“I know you do. In any case, yes, that’s it—the tool, lubricated, presses on the prostate, resulting in drainage of the fluid that causes congestion. It may cause a slight discomfort, but you should feel some relief.”
They set themselves against the door and pushed it open, blocking it just in time for Harry to crash against them. Sherlock had to laugh.
“She’ll hang!” John choked out, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face. Sherlock’s belly flipped over and he felt the prickle of tears at the naked pain in John’s gaze.
John crowded against him and kissed him; his physical presence was strength and determination, and Sherlock melted like spring ice under his force. John’s mouth was everywhere, hot and insistent with a sweetness that could not be discounted.
"Yes. A betrayal, perhaps? As for just now, you looked at me while I was eating—assessing my food intake, obviously—but you're clever enough to see that I'm not visibly ill. You're wondering what, then, would motivate such a lazy slug as Mycroft to travel so far from a pastry shop he deems appropriate, although you can't have known about his pastry addiction so I suppose that's of no matter. Clearly he's getting me out of the way, but just as clearly, he's not the type of man to have a socially damaging vice—worse luck—so there must be something wrong with me. I'm eating well, though you think I'm odd, and it's a puzzle that you can't quite piece out," Holmes paused. "So I gave you the answer."
John snorted. Sherlock slouched down in his chair and began to unwrap his sandwich. They ate in silence for a while, the warm odour of chicken noodle soup filling the room. Then John reached for a cup of coffee.
“Ah, it’d scandalize the Major, and that’d bring trouble down on Lestrade. And it’s like a holiday, wearing skirts and being in the kitchen, though I wouldn’t want to do that always.”
The tea was ready. John ladled it into the cups, the heat of the fire delicious against his nearly-bare skin. Setting aside his own to cool, he took Sherlock’s over to the bed and attempted to rouse him.
He was close to something when his agitated lungs drew in the ripe tang of feces, so heavy in the air he could not take a breath that was untainted. The sudden onslaught tripped the rest of his senses, and he became aware of an odd stillness. He froze, cock still in hand, until the quiet was broken by a grunt, a snuffle, and a series of crashes in the underbrush.
“You are awfully concerned about my physical well-being, even though I’m an imposition and an inconvenience.” Sherlock looked at John sceptically. There was something there, but he couldn’t quite grasp it. Unusual…and frustrating.
“You love each other,” the boy—Finlay!—said softly, and though John’s anger was a fact now, solid in his chest, he knew it was true.
He would hold fast, he told himself, but still, Lestrade’s barn raising could not come soon enough. A change of scene would do them both good.
The next day, the landlady rushes up to John and begs him to take the car to a remote nearby town to fetch a tractor part. She is so sorry, what an imposition, but she will pack him a beautiful lunch. There is a scenic waterfall on the way home, so lovely.
“Not particularly, no.” Maybe now would be a good time to relent a little? “But I'm not good with reading other people's emotions, so please forgive me if I ask the obvious.” Sherlock lowers his hands into his lap, folds them and turns fully towards John, watching him with anticipation.
“I don't need that.” And then Sherlock's mouth is on John's, messy and a bit uncoordinated but hell, so hot. Just as John melts into the kiss, Sherlock grabs his upper arms and pushes him away, back against the door. “I don't need your consideration. I need you! And you don't need the room upstairs. Can we stop this? It took us so long... let's just do it right, this time.”
“Do that again.” He pants, and John obliges, snapping his hips in short, shallow thrusts. Sherlock writhes beneath him, throwing his head from side to side.
“Oi, shut it, will you. It was fate. They were destined to be together.” John chimes, steeling a kiss. “But this John seems to have been injured? He's back in England, in some kind of hospital or nursing home?”
I'm alright. Many others aren't. We are still at El-Alamein. We have to stop the Germans. If they advance towards Alexandria and Suez, all is lost. We have to stay put and hold out, whatever the cost. And, oh, believe me, the costs are high.
“That’s prescription only. Who, in god’s name, would prescribe you…” He’s cut short by Sherlock almost bouncing off the sofa, striding over the low table and stalking off to his bedroom, slamming the door shut.
“Sherlock, you don't have to...” John's sensible explanation is cut off by an exasperated groan: “For god's sake, John, stop treating me like a wilting flower! You neither ravished nor seduced me. I initiated it. I'm a consenting adult! I can decide for myself.” He takes up his violin and bow a bit too belligerently, aggressively turning the pegs to tune the instrument.
“It was written off as a tragic accident. A discreet inquiry was launched. But no one wanted to make a fuss – neither the school nor the parents. Feared the scandal. In the end, nothing came of it.” Sherlock almost spits the last words out, his tone dripping with cynical indifference. “But I knew... even if I had no proof. Therefore, I couldn't make any allegation or press for specific charges...”
“I want my brother safe. I want his exceptional talents put to good use. I want this horrid war to end sooner rather than later.”
“You know why?” John asks tentatively after a minute, his gaze wandering over to the telly. Fulham gets a free kick but nothing comes of it.
Sherlock bristles at this level of unprecedented patronising behaviour. “Who do you think you are? My brother had a whole armada of shrinks descending upon me and no one broke me and got anything from me, so why do you think that you … are special?”
William swats John with a pillow but can’t suppress a pleased grin. “Well, and the other is short and blond like you. Looks a little fitter, though.” He sticks out his tongue and John tackles him to the ground.
“That's right, Mr Holmes. Mario was even clutching the cell phone in his hand when he was found on that bridge.”
But then John had left. For his bloody work. God, the man was such a loyal, faithful, responsible bore sometimes! Instead of exploring how far things might progress with them, John had decided he'd prefer to treat viral rhinopharyngitis and phlegmy respiratory tracts! Just as Sherlock, for the first time in a very long while, had considered letting someone near, his chosen object of desire had absconded.
John knows that Sherlock is fed up and tired with being forced to hide, to pretend. Other people are allowed to hold hands and kiss in public, are allowed to marry and set up a home together. Why can't they? Sudden anger wells up inside John as he now is confronted with the unfairness of it all. They love each other probably more than a normal couple does. Yet their love is forbidden, deemed dirty and sick, a perversion, an abnormality of nature.
Sherlock gets up and takes off his jacket before he starts to slowly unbutton his shirt. He feels exposed, as if put on display. Well, he is.
“Are you telling me that you tried to seduce a paedophile? As a 13 year old boy? Jesus, Sherlock, even you can't be that daft!”
Sherlock can only nod. Until John presses a third finger in. Sherlock can't prevent his face from contorting in discomfort. John doesn't seem to notice.
John arrives a few minutes late at the pub. Sherlock had kept distracting him and it got a bit heated. John vividly remembers cupping Sherlock's arse in his hands, massaging the firm flesh through the thin cotton pyjama pants hanging loosely from Sherlock's hips while grinding against Sherlock's evident erection. John had been so turned on he could have taken Sherlock on their kitchen table (even amid human bowels). But as things stand (no pun intended), he'd disentangled himself reluctantly from a panting Sherlock – cheeks flushed pink, eyes dark, mouth gaping in a disappointed pout – and excused himself.
“Sherlock studied chemistry as well. At Cambridge, I believe,” John blurts out without thinking, yet again returning to his favourite subject.
John can only nod. White hot anger flares up inside his gut as he remembers how broken Sherlock had sounded when telling him about it.
Today we rescued four women with two children. They are emaciated, just skin and bones. The children don't speak, don't laugh. They just stare at me with their huge eyes. They don't even cry. They just showed me the numbers tattooed on their forearms. Children, John, aged about five and seven...
“Good evening.” A deep voice says, coming from the direction of the smoker, and John actually jumps a little.
It's late. He'd thought John would have gone to bed, but apparently, he'd waited up for Sherlock, nursing a cup of tea between his hands while sitting in his armchair, doing nothing but stare into the cold grate of the fireplace. He's dressed in jeans and a maroon cardigan, looking utterly John-like and not a bit like Hamish White anymore.
“Listen, I should have tried harder. But you know how stubborn he can be. Back then he was an accident waiting to happen. No purpose, no future. When I once suggested rehab he vanished from my radar for weeks. I really tried to be his friend but he made it pretty damn hard for me.”
Sherlock has no idea how long he's been soaking. He jerks up at the sensory memory of fingers tightening in his curls. To overwrite this recollection, he starts to fiercely wash his hair. This leads to equally fierce scrubbing of his entire body, until his tender skin burns and his damaged bones ache. The pain floods his brain with endorphins, the sensation pushing the haunting retrospection aside.
“Sherlock, have you ever...?” John's eyes roll back in his head and he is completely devoid of speech as Sherlock takes him in to the hilt, his nose bumping John's pubic bone. John can feel Sherlock's throat tighten around the tip of his cock as he swallows him down, tongue pressed flat against the underside. It's tight and wet and the friction is glorious and John gets close embarrassingly fast as Sherlock continues to go down on him with abandon. John starts to rapidly lose what little restraint he's been able to muster as his hips snap forward almost on their own account. He can't fight it, closes his eyes and gives in to his primal need.
But Sherlock seems to be really annoyed by John's utter incomprehension of his superior logic He sits up, persistently arguing his point: “How naive can you be? Matrimony is a state-approved joint property. An effective measure of social control. It's a contract under common law! There's no romance in that. Just look at your parents, look at your sister, look at almost every relationship you have ever encountered. They are all doomed to fail, or have already done so spectacularly. Those who stay together despite the fact that they, at best, don't care anymore about each other, or, worse, outright hate their spouse, do so out of convenience or fear of loneliness, which, in my opinion, are both insufficient reasons to burden my live with the presence of someone I'd more or less despise.” When Sherlock ends his rant, he's gotten to his feet and started pacing.
The man who eventually enters isn't a police officer, that much is clear. Yet the bobby dozing in the corner jumps to his feet anyway before shuffling off.
John suddenly remembers that he's an Englishman. He's not supposed to take a bath at an eccentric stranger's place. “Wait... what... I can't.”
Yesterday, he'd kind of wanted John to kiss him. But today, as John finally, eventually did so, he'd just frozen, clamped up, shut down.
Sherlock rests his head against John's chest, hugging him so tight that John has trouble breathing. Not that he minds.
Shut up! SHUT UP! Sherlock rakes his fingers through his hair, pulls hard, until tears spring to his eyes; but the whispers in his head won't be silenced.
“At least he was spared a court case.” William sighs. He feels cold. “So he was a professor for chemistry.”
“Don’t be.” He whispers. “Lestrade will have me wired. No reason to worry. I promise I’ll be careful.” It’s a lie, but Sherlock chalks it up as one of his minor one’s, compared to jumping off a building in front of John’s eyes.
We all went for drinks after work, as if we were just office clerks. Which we kind of are, aren't we? My colleagues are so extremely loyal to the party line, it's hideous. Yet most are also rather grateful to have been graded 'uk'. Only a few are fanatic enough to aspire to die for their fatherland, blood and soil, and all this crap. They confessed that they envy me for having been on active duty. We were all sitting around one table. When it had got very late, and everyone was quite intoxicated, Walter put his hand on my thigh. I didn't pull away. I'm getting an inkling why Mycroft thought this commission suited me.
Room 257 turns out to be at the end of a dimly lit corridor. The door’s ajar when Sherlock arrives, yet he still knocks.
“Yes.” Sherlock purrs, curling around him like an overlarge cat, resting his head on John's still heaving chest. “And you?”
John suddenly experiences a strange kind of vertigo. The room shifts and skids sideways. He can’t breathe properly. ‘Please, not again’, John thinks, grabbing the bar as not to slide off his seat. He fears he might throw up any minute.
I'm brown as a nut by now. And bored to death. We are holding the fort – but what for? This isn't a war, this is an outing. The only good thing is that nearly half the time of my assignment has passed.
“But I told you. I had a few drinks. Got into a fight. That's it. Nothing to fuss about.” Sherlock nearly wails, utterly bored by being forced to repeat himself because of John's pedestrian concerns and dull worries.
He can feel Sherlock relax just a fraction. There's another wave of noise emanating from downstairs and both men wince. “Better get your stuff. I'll see you upstairs.” John squeezes Sherlock's arm once before climbing up to his room again.
They are both sweaty by now, panting hard. John stops clawing to Sherlock's hips and grabs his wrists instead, pinning him down onto the mattress while hovering above him. Their eyes lock. John's rhythm doesn't falter. Sherlock face splits in a manic grin.
In the direction of Scotland Yard's finest, he continues: “You will, of course, get a grappling-hook to restore John's revolver. You will also find beside it the revolver, string and weight with which this vindictive creature Mario attempted to disguise his own suicide to pin a charge of murder upon an innocent victim he regarded as his rival. It will be proven that the weapon found in Mr. Dunbar's wardrobe is of the exact same calibre and brand, that even a shot had been fired with it, but that it is not the murder weapon. Now steps can be taken for Mr. Dunbar’s vindication.”
John has to suppress the impulse to lock himself back in the loo as Sherlock's words sink in. “Shit, sorry, you really don't know, do you, Sherlock?”
He still has supplies left. He could just lock his door and drug himself into oblivion. He's quite sure John won’t bother him again tonight – if ever. And even if he did, perhaps a little smack-induced stupor wouldn't go amiss? Would John notice?
“Sorry, what?” John has turned the tabs on in an attempt to clean the sink and wash his mouth. He sips a handful of water, sloshing it around in his mouth before spitting it out.
But in spite of being rather spectacularly fellated (modesty really wasn't one of Sherlock's predominant features), John seemed suddenly, somehow, bothered. Edgy. Uneasy. He wanted to talk about it.
There was black snow today. It's ash, I'm told, from the crematories. I desperately want a hot bath. Instead, I drink myself to sleep with Vodka to feel a little warmth. It's so cold, John, you can't imagine. I'm wearing all the clothes I have, one above the other, like an onion, and I'm still freezing. Everything is damp. I feel like I'll never get warm again.
Instead, he saw something else entirely. Sherlock’s cheeks flushed red, and his face took on a slightly pained expression.
“Can I divide the roots by species?” he asked. Clara butted his thigh and he caressed her head reflexively.
"The skin would be good in the winter, though." he said. It was hard to give up an additional source of warmth.
The crisp paper crackled under his hands as he shifted the tea and sugar clumsily under his left arm. Smoothing it out, he held it up to see that the letter was not a letter at all, but a pamphlet. A lurid picture of a man with a congested face adorned the top corner, and large letters blared “LETHARGIC? IRRITABLE?” above a wall of fine text.
John reached the end of the field, turned, and headed back down. Sherlock approached the geese, corn in hand, and began to lure them towards the shanty.
"He's decided that he's shipping his younger brother to me as a sort of glorified exploration expedition--and he got hold of all my credit notes to oblige me to board him."
As he accelerated out of the potato patch it seemed to him that John was shouting something, but as Clara was still in view, and Harry had actually stopped to wait for her on the edge of the track, Sherlock elected to run first and listen later. Surely John would see the sense of this plan, and if he did not, well, Sherlock could always keep running. He put on speed.
The farm boys ignore him, for the most part. Until William Sherlock Scott Holmes ("Guglielmo", he says tersely to the landlady) comes to the farm, shipped off by Mycroft who has had enough of him moping around.
"Geese?" Sherlock was immediately diverted from the question of bedding. "I read a very interesting article on bird intelligence recently. Do you mind if I perform an experiment or two on yours?"
His own bed was in the corner under the ladder, a low, homemade thing, roughly made up with spruce branches and wool blankets. A chest in the middle of the far wall held his clothing and sewing implements. The corner to the left of the door was reserved tools and a wide log carved into a chair that he used for working, the barn being big enough only for the animals. The only other piece of furniture in the house was the hard wooden settle, immediately to the right of the door, and the small square table in front of it. There were only two tiny windows, glass being both dear and scarce. One sat above his kitchen bench, while the other opposed the fireplace.
The organization for this chapter was difficult (what r plots?) and Doctornerdington was very very helpful in sorting out the order of events. Then, of course, one scene GREW and the chapter had to be split anyway. Whatcha gonna do?
Damn the bush, anyway! Sherlock felt a sudden desolation at its hiddenness and obstinacy. Not only was he unable to find a thing useful to his research, but John had certainly known the forest would be unwalkable, and as such, knew him already for a fool. A fool! He wasn’t one; he was the brightest scientific mind in the Canadas; science required error, as his experiment with the geese had shown. He floundered on, past boulders and trees, furious.
“What’s surprising about that? Nearly every farm hereabouts has a dog, and the Ojibway camp has several.”
“It was the least I could do for... His name was Carl. He was so much braver than I was. He got away.” Sherlock’s whisper is barely audible. “I didn't.” He's white as a sheet.
Now it really hurts. God, it burns! John feels like being ripped in two. He writhes, trying to push Sherlock away, the agony paralysing him. But is it only agony? Because as Sherlock, while still smashing their mouths together, lazily rolls his hips a spark of pleasure spreads through John's body. Sherlock seems to sense that John finally relents a fraction and does it again. As John's resistance seems to crumble, Sherlock starts to move in earnest. He breaks the kiss – if you could actually call it that – in favour of biting down John's neck. The sharp pain on his sensitive skin further distracts John from his discomfort below.
John freezes. Sherlock is soft and flaccid and finally, it seems to dawn on John that his flatmate might not be as turned on by his attention as he had supposed.
“Perhaps that's why I liked it!” God, John could be so dense sometimes. Now he'd been forced to spell it out.
“Shall I tell you one of my best-kept secrets? I simply love a raunchy bodice ripper. Mrs Hudson and I swap them.”
“You should've taken that into account. The Metropolitan line is notoriously disruptive. That's why I never rely on public transport.”
“You know, we don't have to... put this part in any of your orifices, if that's what's bothering you.” Not the greatest come hither line ever uttered in the history of human intercourse, but hey, John is operating on about just a third of the usual blood circulation, as most of it pools down south, so he's sure he deserves some leniency here.
Sherlock returns to the bed with the bottle of wine in one hand and a small black book, battered on its edges, held together by an elastic strap, in the other. He offers it to John with a serious look despite his nonchalance. John takes it, opens it and stares down at page after page of undecipherable dots, circles and wavy lines.
Sherlock sits up ramrod straight. He briefly closes his eyes before making a decision. The best defence is offense. “Oh, John, does this hurt your middle class modesty? I was a rent boy for some time. How did you think I was able to afford cocaine without any other means of income?”
They are separated afterwards and put in different interview rooms. The last look John gets of Sherlock is an acerbic grin directed at one of the officers before he's handcuffed again and rather forcefully removed from the room.
John squeezes his eyes shut, smiling. “Please tell me that's a tyre lever you have stored in your pyjama bottoms for some crazy purpose. Or are you that pleased to see me?”
Eventually, the supplies arrived. Not just medicines, but also food and water. I can't believe how good a glass of fresh water can taste. Who needs champagne? Though I could do with a pint...
Gibson smiles a thin predatory smile. “Oh, believe me, Mr Holmes, I'm quite familiar with those laws.” There is a short silence before Gibson continues, “Sean... turned me down, actually. Said it would be inappropriate, because I was his boss and I was married.” Gibson sighs at the memory and shakes his head in frustration.
“But what's the point of this exercise if there's no penetration?” Sherlock yells frustrated. “In that video...”
William shakes his head. The metal gleams in the lamp light, painting the walls with its sparkling reflections.
John has the best intentions to return to the flat straight after his shift but it's a very busy day at the clinic. Nevertheless, he sends a few texts to Sherlock in between patients but he doesn't deign to answer. John can sense him vehemently sulking, even at this distance.
And John has a lot of question. About how Sherlock copes, for example, about what else might be lurking in his past, or even in the present. He resents the potential answers (if any will be forthcoming) but has to ask anyway.
They are sharing Sherlock's bed in a mostly platonic way despite some ferocious snogging. They touch more often as well; small, casual touches like patting shoulders, nudging one another or placing a hand on the small of each other's back. When they sit on their sofa in the evenings, (John watching telly; Sherlock reading, typing, texting, plastering himself with nicotine patches, sipping tea and, on Tuesday, poking around in an old printer with a screw driver and soldering bolt) their shoulders or thighs are pressed together. It's rather nice, Sherlock reckons; unobtrusive but promising.
“Tea stimulates the faculties, John, and while my faculties barely need stimulating, the quantity of new information I expect to gather today prompted me to draw upon it.”
“John,” Sherlock said more loudly, almost too loudly in the quiet cabin, “It is not painful. Quite,” he panted, “the opposite.”
There! A trail, a real one. Sherlock’s large bootprint was clearly inscribed in the wet grass at the edge of the poplar woods. John followed with relief. Something Sherlock’s size through woods like these would be easy to trace, especially in a state of agitation Sherlock.
There he was, tousle-headed and still beautiful, sitting up in the loft bed. His shoulders were, thankfully, covered, but his shirt lay loosely open, and his long white neck showed to advantage. His face was partly lit by the one sunbeam that shone into the loft, and he looked, John thought sourly, like a perfect angel.
Sherlock watched John go towards the lake from the far window of the cabin, and kept watching as John stripped. Sherlock knew he should look away, both for John’s sake and his own, but he could not; he drank in the sight of that muscular body like water.  He wished, in a rare moment of unselfishness, that he could reassure John, who he knew was struggling to deal with his unwanted guest, damn Mycroft for breathing, but also with his vision of himself. Sherlock knew he should not tell John ("Don't make personal remarks, Sherlock") that he had nothing to be ashamed of, physically at least.
“Julia!” exclaimed Mrs. Hudson, “And Prue! Do put down your things—oh, you didn’t bring your famous mince tarts, Prue, honestly, you shouldn’t have!”
“He does.” John laughed. “Still. Harry will be the hardest nut to crack. She hasn’t escaped for at least six months and she’s bound to enjoy her freedom.”
When he came back in, Sherlock was sitting up on his pallet, hair mad and face creased with sleep. John felt heartened.
When he came down the stairs Great-Aunt Martha was setting the breakfast table in the kitchen, which seemed quite bright and jolly in the glow of morning sunshine. Even the black hole in the ceiling had ceased to be spookish and become only a commonplace entrance to the kitchen loft.  And there! On the red-sandstone doorstep Eva was sitting, preening her fur as contentedly as if she had lived at New Moon all her life.  John did not know it, but Eva had already drunk deep the delight of battle with her peers that morning and taught the barn cats their place once and for all.  Cousin Mike's big yellow Tom had got a fearful drubbing, and was minus several bits of his anatomy, while a stuck-up, black lady-cat, who fancied herself considerably, had made up her mind that if that narrow-faced tabby interloper from goodness knew where was going to stay at New Moon, SHE was not.
Not that it would matter, but he pushed that thought away. Sherlock came over and knelt beside him to examine the squirrel once more. His face was so close John could smell his hair.
“So,” Sherlock said. “Not only is Tim Horton’s conspiring against me, but you think I’m a hormonal nitwit.”
Once the pie had been consumed, though, a slight pall fell over John’s enjoyment. He avoided Sherlock’s eyes as he rose.
Their return journey was marred by no further events, and both Sherlock and John trudged home with a niggling worry and a better understanding of the other. However, their time to ponder these unknowns was limited; when they arrived, Harry was, predictably, yelling her head off.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock fell silent, wincing as John crouched before him, carefully removing his boot, and then his sock.
Then, in a moment John would remember all his life, a figure shot past him and headed straight for the bear.
John did not quite dare think about what his own life would be like without Sherlock’s presence. He knew, of course, but he would not dwell on it yet. Better to occupy his mind with this concrete mystery, disconcerting though it was.
He slept heavily. When he woke the next morning, it was to the completely unaccustomed sight of a long pale face and black curls hanging over his face, discomfitingly close.
The river was frozen solid, and so he was able to cut five miles from his journey. He was still glad to see Bonne Chere appear on the horizon, and Arthur trotted into the livery stable gladly. John left him there, happily eating a warm mash, and walked down to Angelo's grocery, in good humour and hungry himself.
“Thanks very much, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, sitting down rather heavily beside him. “Wouldn’t have been the same without you.”
In the end, John did not say much to Sherlock that day. He had seen him, at a distance, returning to the house with two empty teacups and a thoughtful expression some time after John had taken bread and cheese and gone to his potatoes. John subsumed himself in the hoeing; he had lost at least two days of work with the mysteries plaguing them, and he desperately needed to make it up.
They saw it at the same time. Tied to the top of the fallen tree was the figure of a dog, crudely fashioned in straw.
“Did that hurt?” he asked, reaching for it again more carefully. It was prominent; it might very well be painful when touched.
John, to his credit, was dressed and ready in record time. Before the sun was fully up, they were riding a very disgruntled Arthur and a quite cheerful Idiot Horse towards the scene of the incident. Harry, and to a lesser extent Clara, were expressing their disapproval at being left behind, though Sherlock had given them half a cold bannock each, much to John’s disgust.
“Sherlock, d’you think you could…” John waved a hand at the litter of notebooks, pens, and specimens that consumed his table, the settle, and indeed most of the room.
It seemed to Sherlock as though the kiss would go on forever; everything receded around them, and it was though the sound of their kiss was the only thing in the forest.
"That won't be necessary." John said shortly. "I am accepting money for his board because I must, but no more. I will neither treat him against his will, nor will I require him to remain. He may come and go as he pleases, for medical reasons as well as moral ones. You can stuff your other offer up your arse."
John knew that Sherlock was very determined, but so was he. He had six minutes, and he had every intention of using it all to his advantage. He did not, however, intend to tip his hand too early, so he spent the first twenty seconds, as he counted it, stroking lightly over Sherlock’s buttocks and back. It was only when his balls began to tighten and his breath to shorten that he went in for the kill.
John’s stomach clenched. He shrank from this conversation, but he matched his steps to Sherlock. Better to have it out, he thought, steeling himself. He would apologize, and he would conduct himself in a more seemly manner in future. At least, he thought, there would now be a clear line of action: pelvic massage was out of the question. He would have to see about an iron tonic, he thought, as he stepped into the cabin, but for now toast and tea would have to do.
John thought about Sherlock setting fire to the stove, harassing his geese, laughing in delight as he caught a fish, working in the garden. Difficult wasn't exactly the word for Sherlock, although it described John's feelings pretty well.
Well, he supposed, at least Sherlock could be silent, which gave him one up on Harry. And, he thought, laughing to himself, he'd shown no sign of wanting to chew his clothing. So that was two ahead of Harry. He imagined Harry watching their human interaction enviously.
I went ahead and named the bull Byron because this is the internet in the 2010s and Byron can take it.
There, a dark red bush. There, a crow’s nest. There, a dark stump like a moose. There, broken grass. Then, a chattering squirrel. Then, a flash of light where no flash should be—but no, it was only the sun falling low. He shook himself.
He focused again. Her cap told him she was a widow—the Widow Donovan, so obvious now. She lived with Mrs. Hudson, but despite Sherlock’s several visits he had never met her. That had been deliberate on her part, he saw now.
“Don’t know. Get some sand to scrub it off—but don’t use the peat mud, it’ll stain just as bad or worse.”
John dropped to one knee and shouldered his gun. He would have to shoot, if he could, and he could not miss. Even the door of the cabin would not protect Sherlock from an enormous bear. Especially an enormous, angry bear.
John pulled his shirt over his head, pleased. He would prepare a massager, and if Sherlock’s distress became unbearable, he would offer to apply it.
“I’m perfectly fine,” he said, softly.  He wondered what it would be like to touch John. Not just receive his touch, or brush against him, but to touch him deliberately, and absorb that care and confidence and warmth through his own skin. He threaded his own fingers together to help him resist.
It wasn't until he had gone outside that John's happiness was diluted by unease. Last night's encounter was the most frightening yet, and there was no guarantee of safety. He suddenly regretted being outdoors naked. He hurried from the outhouse to the lake and made quick work of his swim.
John woke feeling rumpled, with an ache in his balls again. He felt feverish, almost sick, as if his emotions were poisoning him. He stared at the ceiling for a moment, then blinked and sat up.
“That’s all right, Dimmock. Would you like some bread and cheese while you wait? Sh—Mr. Holmes will write one.”
“Stamford!” Sherlock jumped; he had not seen John arrive, and when he turned to look he was glad he had not. His face was damp with sweat, and his shirt hung open. He smiled at Sherlock briefly, incandescently, and Sherlock stared, shocked out of his purpose.
“Julia, dear, I’d like you to come and meet Violet’s son. You remember, Violet Grondin that was? Holmes now? This is her youngest boy, Sherlock. Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson had divested the loud woman of a covered dish, “This is Mrs. Barrymore and–blast it, Prue, put the tarts down and come here—Mrs. Dimmock.”
Still, he was interesting, and John hungered after interesting. At the next turn in the path he looked back, but the boy had vanished.
“Jesus,” John said, and the wheezing began again. “Of course he wouldn’t like it, the fastidious bastard.”
Sherlock did not come out to him that day, but John, fired by nervous energy, finished the potatoes and started on a new patch of clearing. He should really have begun to mend Jack’s harness, he thought, but going back into the cabin before supper seemed impossible with that apparatus tucked uneasily into his lunch things.
Happy with this scientific parallel, Sherlock slipped on his trousers and boots and went across the yard. He didn’t dare go to the site of yesterday’s encounter, not without John, but he examined each patch of barnyard dirt for tracks. He found nothing.
John took a cold shower before going out into the -20 morning. He was glad he had, because somehow, in addition to his mysterious Tim Horton’s find, Sherlock had located a local pancake breakfast. Yesterday’s maple syrup had clearly given him the taste for more, and they paid their $10, collected their loaded plates, and sat down in the corner. Then the local Lions Club came by and handed out coffee. In Tim Horton’s cups. John glared at Sherlock, who was dipping bacon in maple syrup with the most innocent face in the world.
“Is there no way we could go to town before that?”          “Impossible in this weather. The mud clings to the wagon and it would take three days I don't have; on horseback, it’d be shorter but that’s no way to really bring anything back. I'll take my gun on our walk and try to get a deer, though they'll be thin or pregnant.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but what he was intending to say was never spoken because the little squirrel drew a long, shuddering breath, convulsed, and died.
John's arrival at New Moon brings him a new place to love, a greater appreciation for cows, and a mysterious encounter with a ragged boy.
“Could we have imagined it?” Sherlock demanded again, in a tone that John knew, now, meant that he was not expecting an answer.
“I know. I do,” Sherlock said, and swung up on Idiot Horse, more or less gracefully. John mounted Arthur, more gracefully, and they set off.
“Don’t let Soo-Lin hear you say it’s a holiday,” Mrs. Hudson said, scoldingly.  “You’ll be making your own breakfast for a month.”
“Please sir,” Dimmock came self-consciously into the room, “I was told specifically to wait for an answer, sir.”
“John prefers it,” Sherlock said. Soo-Lin had not moved to shake his hand, so he withdrew it. She relaxed just a fraction. “Sarah says you’re the bread expert in your household.”
Once John was out of sight, Sherlock went back inside and checked his bread sponge. The salt-rising bread was higher than the bran, but it was new bran, and it did have several large bubbles that promised well. Then, he set the water to boil for more tea—damn John for rationing his stimulants!—and went to the barn to tie the goats out.
“Her passion for justice was stronger than her love for you.” Sherlock felt a pang stating it so baldly, but he had heard too much pain in John’s voice to be gentle with Mary’s ghost.
“I’m fairly sure that there’s no problem with avian intelligence here,” John said, watching Philemon glide down gracefully towards Pierrette, who greeted her mate with satisfied honking noises.
Uncle Gregory looked at him in surprise, but didn’t say anything. John saw the twitch of his mouth and decided to follow suit. Instead, he drank the milk and worried down the oatcakes, uncomfortable now despite the friendly firelight. He saw, with a child’s perspicacity and something more than a child’s intelligence, that Uncle Gregory was ill-at-ease with him there. He was just still angry enough about the burnt account books, though, to hold his own silence and let the tension pervade the room. It was a strain, though, to a child used to harmony, and he was glad when Great-Aunt Martha stood and collected the dishes.
The next day was fine as well, and John was on the road early. He stopped at Lestrade's, who needed tea and paper, then went to Mrs. Hudson's and the Widow Donovan's; they had no requests but all were quite happy to see him--including Higgins the billy goat, Harry's nemesis. So effusive were their welcomes, particularly Mrs. Hudson's, that he barely escaped being fed scones and kept late. At the bridge, he passed by Stamford's, but Stamford was out on a call. John watered the horse and continued.
“Very well, then,” John said, and reached out. “Give the hanky to me, I’ll make a carrying pouch of sorts. Hold Arthur.” He shoved the reins into Sherlock’s hands and did not wait for his hands to close.
“Those fucking hypocrites!” John yells, slamming his fist into the coffee table. “They sacked him. Because some git filed a complaint...”
John makes a very undignified, rather animalistic noise as Sherlock finally pulls off. Both men are panting and John can't suppress the impulse to bow down and mash their mouths together in a frantic, messy kiss. Sherlock does not resist but opens so John can lick into him, deep and lascivious. John tastes himself and is nearly overwhelmed by his want to convey all his confused feelings to the suddenly so very pliant man in front of him. He wants to show Sherlock that this is good, could be really very good, that he should just let go and trust him and give himself over to the sensations. John wants to keep him close, stroke him, touch him, tell him that everything is all right. But despite Sherlock's display of patience and deference, John can also sense that he's barely tolerating John's overtures. Underneath his consent lurks, at best, thinly covered indifference.
“Yep. And I'm alive. Once could be written off as coincidence but twice is a pattern. Makes you think.”
His peaceful morning, however, is rudely interrupted when John crashes through the door and starts shouting. At first, Sherlock thinks his anger is still directed at Mrs. Hudson, but as words like “utter dickhead”, “selfish bastard”, “inconsiderate stupid fucking arsehole cunt” filter through the white noise of John's bellowing, it gets obvious that he is, in fact, abusing someone else (John would never call Mrs. Hudson a cunt, come what may). As there's no one else around, Sherlock concludes that the rant must be directed at him but it can't be that important as he's not guilty of any behaviour considered 'bad' or 'offensive' by John's standards (there had been no fire, no poisoned food and Sherlock is positive that John doesn't know about the human lung in the fridge, as it is carefully covered with tinfoil).
“Just arrived this morning. I'm with an SOE unit, but we were assured that we would make a base here for at least a week.”
He curls in on himself, his knees pulled up to his chest. He wants to cry but he hasn't cried since he was a boy when his beloved dog had been put down. Redbeard had been old and very ill but it had been a blow; the first of many. If he'd only known back then how life could really fuck you up...
Sherlock leaves England on a small boat bound for France a few hours later. It'll be more than four years before he'll set foot on his native shore again. He'll have changed by then, as will have England. Yet one thing will remain the same: he'll still be hopelessly in love with John Watson.
In return, Sherlock's hands, which have been dangling idly at his side, come up to skim over John's bare back. John hisses when Sherlock's cold fingers touch his warm skin as he begins to stroke John's spine.
“Ok.” John exhales. “Challenge accepted. I wholeheartedly agree. What were you about to say? What lunatic opinion of yours did I just consent to? Spit it out.”
John just nods. Sherlock stares down at him, his face contorting in pure bliss as he continues to move. He's speeding up now, his thrusts going deeper, becoming more forceful. It feels like Sherlock is invading John, claiming him and John just gives over to this new and unknown feeling of receiving, of being entered and owned.
The words hit Sherlock harder than any abuse. If there's anything worse than invective, it's pity. Finally, anger rouses Sherlock from his numbness.
He pushes in without mercy until buried to the hilt. Victor takes it, despite a slight show of discomfort on his face. But then, John is huge. And doesn't go slow.
They stare at each other for a whole minute until John turns and runs for the loo, locking the door behind himself.
This has happened a few times now. These rendezvous have a dreamlike quality to them; no names exchanged, no questions asked. Easy come, easy go. That’s how things are today. When people get reminded every day that life's too short to feel guilty or ashamed, everything starts to shift. Morals are decidedly becoming lose. Men like John grab every opportunity that arises, for they could be conscripted tomorrow and shipped off to some godforsaken shithole to fight – and very likely die - for Queen and country. Who knows what might happen the next day? Carpe diem is the motto of the times. John has no problem with that. Yet, those impersonal encounters leave him somewhat empty, unfulfilled…
Sherlock suddenly sits up, his body tense and alert. “I take full responsibility of what happened. I seduced him. He's blameless, utterly respectable, just corrupted by me...”
With a visible effort Gibson swallows his anger, only displaying frigid and contemptuous indifference. “It’s your choice, Mr Holmes. I guess you know how to run your own business. I can’t make you take the case against your will. But you’ve done yourself no good this morning. I have broken stronger men than you. No man who ever crossed me was the better for it.”
John's shoulders drop. He rubs his stubbly jaw and closes his eyes as Sherlock starts to play some slow, sad tune. John wonders briefly if Sherlock is aware how telling his choice in sheet music is but can't bring himself to ask. It has been a long day, after all. They are both adults. Consenting adults. Everything is fine.
Sherlock just shrugs. “I think he's been tormenting himself with the same reproach ever since.” He smiles a lopsided smile. “Tough luck.” They both grin.
It's been a year today that you passed away and left me. I tried, believe me, I did, but what use is there for me here, without you? You were my whole life, and now that you are gone, there's nothing left for me here in this world.
Sherlock shrugs, then pokes at the faded linoleum with his toe, before looking up again, frowning. “I never said it was.” Sherlock sounds irritated.
Spend the day with Walter. If what Witold tells me is true, I want to strangle him in his sleep. His touch repels me even more than usual. He has literally blood on his hands. I hate him from the bottom of my heart.
What Witold tells me is unbelievable. I'm sure he's lying to secure a passage to England. This is impossible.
“Hello?” He asks once again, but knows that there won't be a reply. It's over. The man is gone, swallowed by the all-encompassing gloom. John's heart sinks. He slowly takes a full 360 degree turn and almost loses his sense of direction, propelled out of his orbit. He feels like floating in a fathomless sea. The loneliness wrings a sob from his throat. In the distance, two men start shouting angrily at each other. John seriously contemplates to get between them, to pick a fight, just to feel something, the rush of adrenaline, anything happening in his life, even if it's just confirmed by pain.
Behave! He chastised himself. Breathe. Calm down. Think! But it was nearly impossible, for his head pounded, his stomach hurt and his shoulders felt tense. Transport. It's just transport, he reminded himself but his failing body made it hard to block out all the impressions that bombarded his senses. The shrill voices of the adipose women on the next table, discussing their menopause, the grinding of cutlery on china, the grinding of coffee beans in the gleaming Italian espresso maker, chairs scraping over the wooden floor, rustling clothes, clinking glasses, whispers, murmurs; in short, the unnerving white noise of everyday life. He wanted everybody to shut up, to stop moving, speaking, laughing - just for a few moments. He wanted peace of mind. He wanted to storm back home and lock himself in his quiet room.
And John can't help but smile, looking, most likely, slightly befuddled. “But there might be some stuff we need up there.”
John feels tears of joy well up in his eyes. “A whole week!” He exclaims, feeling suddenly giddy, and has to bury his head in Sherlock's neck. No use for the other man to see him sobbing like a love-sick debutante. To steady himself, he takes a large gulp from the wine bottle before pulling Sherlock down into another kiss.
And how is John to ask what has happened when h’/e is afraid of the answer he might get? If he gets one at all.
It's been a while since he's been with a man in a proper bed. Over the past few years, it has been frantic groping down dark alleys or behind bushes in parks. John doesn't do cottaging; it's too dangerous. As are shared hotel rooms.
John can positively feel being stared at and assessed. The hairs at the back of his neck stand to attention.
For a short moment Sherlock's fears were quieted; he pondered that John might be willing and able to see him for all that he truly was: and that it would be acceptable.
No, the truth is that John has no idea how to address what troubles Sherlock. He is clearly a haunted man but John feels rather ill equipped to give him advice or offer condolence. Whatever had happened when Sherlock had been... away, it surely left its mark. And John isn't ready to deal with the fallout just yet, when everything is still so raw and fresh.
The reverie doesn't last long, however, for John pins him to the door the moment he has closed it, and kisses him hard, open-mouthed. There's nothing tentative there anymore, no uncertainty. John licks into him and Sherlock just follows his lead, their bodies pressed together from knees to chest. That is, until John inserts one knee between Sherlock's thighs and Sherlock starts to rut against it.
“So, that's what I am to you? An obligation?” Sherlock yells, sounding almost piqued and suddenly John is aware of their impossible situation, for he can't tell Sherlock, can he...? Not after his previous statements on the evanescence of all human relationships.
John abandons all restraint and drags him back onto the bed by his hair, manhandling the lithe body onto its back, decidedly shoving Sherlock's knees up to his shoulders. He fumbles a little with the drawer, blindly emptying its content onto the floor while the hand not busy holding Sherlock down by his curls scrambles until it finds the Vaseline container.
Remember the Major I told you about, the one I met at sea? He arrived at our outpost a few days back. We've started to play cards in the evenings. Otherwise, even I would go mad with boredom. He's a very nice chap, from Wigan. He'd been posted to Afghanistan before. He doesn't talk much, but what he tells me about that country sounds fascinating.
“Sherlock?” He tries again, as a sharp pain suddenly soars through his body. “Ah... fuck... Sherlock, move, get off me... ouch!”
“I don't know. My unit has been stationed here for a few weeks already. They seem to gather forces around Naples before marching up against Rome. You?”
Sherlock looks actually a bit horrified at that prospect. After a moment, he asks: “And if I don't?”
The man is standing right on the other side of this door, penis in hand, touching himself, while the manifest object of his desires is but inches away from him; so close, yet completely out of reach.
“Summarize these regulations concerning civil unions in Brazil! I don't have time for this right now but it might be important.”
John props the side of Sherlock's head against the left armrest of the sofa, then moves to the kitchen to get a bowl of lukewarm water, some clean towels, and a bag of frozen peas. They always stock peas in their freezer. John needs them for one of Sherlock's favourite dishes, something homemade he actually deigns to eat; but to be honest, most of the time they are used at 221b as makeshift ice packs.
“Don't be ridiculous.” The man next to him gasps, sounding almost imperious despite having been thoroughly buggered. “Is that my come on your hand?”
“Your moral compass needs recalibrating.” Sherlock fought down the cold feeling that swept through him at the word “wrong”. He knew that John was not thinking of him, of them, when he said it; he was thinking of past events and past consequences.
The fictional town of Bonne Chère, Ontario, is situated about where Bancroft, Ontario is today. It was, in 1866, a farming community along the Bonne Chère River, and it still is today.  There is not, to my knowledge, a Scotch Bush farm, but come on, that's pretty funny.
A muscle fluttered in his cheek. Sherlock’s attention drifted from his words to that muscle. How fascinating John was, in all his moods. His face seemed endlessly mobile, and strong emotion made him a veritable symphony of human reaction.
“Oh, thanks. But you haven’t seized on the very important fact that every single one of these women lives on a working farm and couldn’t spare the time to trek down to my farm for a practical joke.”
John had been enjoying Sherlock’s sharp deductions, but the last one jolted him back into his deep sense of horror. He recalled those terrible days after Agra. Mary had been dead, and Sholto…Sholto had been losing his mind. It did not bear thinking about, and yet the images marched across his consciousness. Sholto, silent. Sholto, unwashed and unkempt, in the corner of the barracks. Sholto, screaming that he was an animal, worse than an animal, when asked to bathe and dress and resume his regimental functions.
"Good," John said. He brushed his teeth, quickly, and went to the bed. Naked, he threw back the blankets and got in, leaning against the wall. He did not cover himself.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He paused. John slid off him and lay beside him, keeping one hand on his thigh to ground him.
“It wasn’t thrown,” Sherlock exclaimed. In several long bounds, he covered the distance between the piles and the woods. John followed more slowly, examining the grass again as he went.
They were seated in front of the television in no time, beer and spicy Thai curry in hand. Sherlock set the hockey game to mute, just the way John liked it, and took a big bite of his food.
“It didn’t even improve the quality of instruction that much.” Sherlock was disdainful. “When I was there, it was still appalling.”
“It’s likely to drop more by the time the sun’s all the way down,” John said. “We’ll be lucky if it doesn’t freeze.”
Herding in the geese, he fed them, then collected the goats—putting them in separate pens for now—and let the horses and oxen in, giving the latter an extra handful of grain. No sign of Sherlock, but the curl of white smoke from the chimney of the cabin told him that dinner was on.
Sherlock breathed in. He would not tremble. He would not roll his hips. He would fall asleep, and he would fall asleep by counting geese. One
"John!" Lestrade opened the door as soon as he pulled into the yard. "How late you are! I'd ask you to stop for a bite, but you'll be wanting to get home to the animals. If I'd known you'd be so late I'd have sent Dimmock over to do your animals."
Sherlock was shocked. He watched in silence as Harry pushed her hind end under Frank’s nose. Frank was a little less eager than he had been with Clara, but his piston still rose to the charge, and in moments it was over.
Had he ever thought that Sherlock’s mind was an amazing phenomenon, his attention superlative? Watching it deployed on something else was one thing, but that was nothing to having the whole brilliance of the man and his mind focused on oneself. John felt simultaneously miniscule and larger than life. He opened his mouth to answer and shut it again.
Well, I'm updating this again. I'm kind of excited about this fusion; it's one of my favourite L.M. Montgomery books and I think there are some real possibilities. It'll be short and sweet (ten chapters I swear).
Despite his physical urges, Sherlock was surprised at just how calm he felt in the wake of his own admission to himself. Desperate, but calm; he knew, now, what he wanted, and though he lived every day in fear that he would reach out and touch John and be rejected, he was at least not at war with himself.
Also, it was impossible to climb out the window. Greg wasn’t that familiar with young boys’ hijinks, but he remembered climbing out of his own bedroom window once, and being whipped for it. He knew that he did not have it in him to whip anyone, and therefore the issue was best avoided.
A movement in the trees, a crackling of branches, startled them all. Idiot Horse strained at her reins. Arthur shied, then ran. John held himself still. Sherlock risked a look back.
“Very well, then,” John said. “I’ll light the lamp.”  As golden shadows were cast throughout the room, Sherlock shut and barred the door, then leaned against it.
They rode a short way in silence, Sherlock attentive to each inch of verge once again. John watched him, letting his own alertness lapse a little and drawing in a deep breath of fresh spring air. Sherlock did seem healthier than ever possible when he was absorbed by a mystery in this way, his brain seeming to run faster even than when he had been dissecting fish or experimenting with bread. And his generative organs seemed to bother him not at all.
And then, one sunny afternoon, Sherlock deliberately let Harry into the cabin and ignored her while she wreaked havoc.
“Sherlock!” John rushed to him and felt his hands, and his face. Had Sherlock been able to move, he would have taken John’s hands and held them; they were the warmest things he had touched in hours.
Honestly I called this chapter “Famous Hot Mess” for about two months but eventually decided I could have called it “Hot Lips.”
Sherlock remembered thinking about John as a conductor of light. Perhaps telling John the facts as far as he remembered would allow him to dislodge forgotten details.
"And you're a city fool," John snapped. Sherlock barely looked as though he had fallen at all, much less spent days travelling through the woods. He was still all elegance; his clothes, though plain, were finer than anything John had ever owned, and his handsome face seemed calm. Only his ruffled hair showed that anything untoward had happened, and that was not enough to make John feel any less homely, crumpled, and old.
“I thought I’d go into town today,” he said, finally. “The roads are dry enough, and I don’t have anything but clearing to do today. Will you come?”
“Are you certain?” John asked, when his cock was slicked and aligned with Sherlock’s hole. “Tell me to stop if you need to.”
hysterical. He certainly felt a need for relief in the pelvic area. And yet… John’s genitalia (definitely beyond proportional, Sherlock noted) had been engorged as well. Was
The thing about a manure pile made up of manure from multiple animals, is that there is nothing certain about falling in to one. There are hard bits and soft bits, squashy bits and putrid bits.
“Just you wear a sweater,” she said and, desiring to be out in the cold, John went, though he muttered "You are an old gossip of no importance!" under his breath for his own satisfaction as he slipped upstairs to get his sweater. He pulled it over his head, and grinned, suddenly, at his reflection in the mirror, seized by the idea that John-in-the-glass was someone separate from him. He looked at the suddenly strange boy: small, wiry, with sandy hair and a too-large nose. His eyes, navy blue, looked back at him, taking in his patched trousers and scuffed shoes, and a shiver went down his spine.
“And here I thought you’d left in a hurry because I was so terrible,” Sherlock said, all in a rush, then instantly regretted it.
“Nice to meet you, Sarah,” Sherlock said. Her gray-green eyes were clear and straightforward in her open face, and her grip was firm, but not self-consciously so. Very confident, then, with men and women.
Sherlock could not have said how long he had sat on the floor shivering. He did remember, later, that John’s arrival had brought with it no relief, nor any emotion at all. He had not even started at the sound of John’s voice.
not an hour ago—damage my buildings, and take up my time just when I need it the most? You deserve to stay right there and be laughed at by livestock.”
“Well?” Sherlock impatient was worse than Sherlock passive; it woke the beast in John’s gut, the beast that demanded submission, that fed on it. The beast that was decidedly non-medical.
John stiffened and pulled away from him at the sound. His hair was mussed and his lips red, and Sherlock knew that he was as hard as Sherlock himself.
“Hold still,” John said, and placed his finger on Sherlock’s arsehole. Sherlock drew in a short, sharp breath, but it was not of pain, and John could see that his bollocks were already drawn up. He felt a sympathetic throb in his own drawers. He took a deep breath himself and readied himself to tamp it down, but then he stopped and, for one brief, glorious moment, allowed himself to feel his desire.
“Sherlock, what you saw… that’s normal. Normal male physiology, a morning erection. I’m sure,” he coughed, “You have them too.”
But he was.  He knew nothing about cows; still, he was determined that the Lestrades should not suspect a Watson, especially a boy of his age, was scared. So, his heart beating fast, he picked a willow switch and went to the barn. However, he was thankful to find that cows were not such ferocious animals after all.  They went gravely on ahead and he had only to follow, through the old orchard and then through the scrub maple growth beyond, along a twisted, ferny path that seemed to be one of the magical places Cousin Mike had talked about in Charlottetown. Every corner seemed to hide some new delight, something just a little out of reach. At one, John thought he heard a rustle, but there was nothing; at another, a slight movement in the bush, but nothing again. Birds, he supposed, or--fancy seizing him--fairies.
Sherlock drew a shuddery breath himself. He added logs to the fire, for it was as chilly as John had said: 60 degrees Fahrenheit, 16 degrees Centigrade, too cold to sit comfortably.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
“Gentlemen, let us pray for the success of this venture,” Cyrus Dimmock said, rather unctuously. There was no church even in Bonne Chere yet, a lack that Cyrus and his wife were trying to correct. Meanwhile, there was prayer at every opportunity. Frankly, John was surprised that they had allowed Joe to chore for such an obvious atheist as Lestrade, but his money was as good as anyone else’s, he supposed.
After dinner, he saw his father had fallen asleep, and so he decided to go up to the spruce barrens. Predictably, the Widow Turner grumbled, but didn’t prevent him.
“Look, I really must get these chores done. Tea?” John said, as he led Hamish past Sherlock to the water hole. The ox’s shoulder shoved Sherlock back towards the horses’ stalls. Arthur shied back towards Sherlock and gave a small whicker. Sherlock did not like its tone; it sounded rather menacing than otherwise.
“It’s the perfect temperature,” he said, clearly delighted. “And good thing too. What do you suppose causes the staining?”
"John," Sherlock breathed, arching his hips up. He could get no contact, though, because John had positioned himself too far back on Sherlock's thighs. "Bastard!"
“They are significantly more intelligent than I imagined. Now, do you suppose you could help me inside? This ground is most uncomfortable.”
As he ate, he cast his eye about for a branch from which to carve the massager. He found it in an instant, halfway up the log upon which he sat. One branch, slightly thicker than his two fingers, and curved: nearly the correct dimensions for a prostate massager. John`s cheeks flamed up, but he wasted no time in hacking the branch from the tree and hefting it in one hand; there were no knots, and the gentle curve could easily be transformed into one that would reach an engorged gland. Would he need it? Would the carving of the item lead to uncomfortable questions? On the one hand, Sherlock was clearly in need. John cut it quickly.
“I’ll be able to test that new chamomile mixture too.” Sherlock said, brightening visibly. “It has a trifle more lye in it—“
Letting Sherlock’s speech run under the surface of his consciousness, John reached out the hand with Idiot Horse’s reins towards Sherlock as slowly as possible. If only he noticed—there! He was extending one finger towards John, still talking about saponin and temperature. John reached out a little farther, and farther still. Almost…
“Me? You’re the one that fires guns and stabs mantels when things don’t go your way. I remember what you were like before we started having sex.”
“’Course.” Sherlock watched him hump the blankets up around his feet and settle down with a small sigh. Checking his watch, he noted 9:12 in the notebook. He didn’t turn back to the fire, though; instead, he watched as John fell asleep, his breathing slowing, then taking on that deep soft rhythm it did when he was particularly fatigued. Then, his body went limp under the covers, and Sherlock turned back to the fire.
“Until the cups are gone. March first.” A sharklike grin appeared on Sherlock’s face. “What, are you afraid?”
Cousin Mike had carried Eva’s basket off. Where had he put it?  Perhaps Eva would get out and go home--John had heard cats always went back home.  He wished HE could get out and go home--he pictured himself and his cat running eagerly along the dark, starlit roads to the little house in the hollow. But it would be empty, he knew, for even the Widow Turner had left that day.
"I suppose that is your residence?" Sherlock asked, indicating the cabin with a dismissive flutter of his hand.
It is not a coincidence at all that in 1866, as Canada was preparing for its first federal election, Bancroft was not in any riding (that’s Canuckian for “electoral district”) at all. Telling you now for reasons.
He waited. One beat, two, until Sherlock turned his head to look to his left. He leaped out of the water and struck: two enormous balls of mud hit Sherlock in the curls and the other hit his shoulder blade.
“At least Harry is dry right now,” John said, offering a tidbit of cheer, “Eating green onions makes her milk taste terrible.”
A straw dog. Something tingled deep in Sherlock’s memory; he couldn’t grasp it, but a gnawing dread installed itself at the base of his spine. This was something to fear, something that tickled at a hidden memory.
John’s mouth curled up, just a bit. Sherlock continued, a little flushed with his success, “And yet you’re worried, too. Seriously worried. The man that concerned you—that man, someone dear to you—you think it’s him. And you don’t know whether to hide or help.”
John looked out over the farmyard. Idiot Horse and Arthur were browsing at their pickets. The chickens were still clucking around, drifting ever closer to the remains of the meal. Harry was baaing frantically at the length of her tether.
"I absolutely forbid it. I'm going to put my mouth all over you and I don't want anything to get in the way."
Sherlock took it wordlessly and crouched by the nearest pile of logs, assessing the new coals as they glowed. He selected a space carefully and held out the cheese, warming it on each side.
The state of the cottage sent the golden mean flying right out of John’s mind. Entirely Sherlock-free, the main area was instead a jumble of scientific implements, paper, and squirrel bits. The skin was spread out and drying over the fire, and so, John noted faintly, were the contents of its stomach and intestines. On the good plates, such as they were.
“Generations of farmers. The men raise good sheep & cattle, and the women are excellent dairymaids.”
They would eventually have to discuss yesterday's events, along with the potential perpetrators; he would double-check the barn, just to be safe, but ultimately Sherlock decided to wait until John was awake (and carnally satisfied).
Toothbrushes were widely available in Europe starting in the 1840s, and so I’m going to say both John and Sherlock have one. They would have been made from bone and horsehair or swine hair, and looked like the ones here: http://museumofeverydaylife.org/exhibitions-collections/previous-exhibitions/toothbrush-from-twig-to-bristle-in-all-its-expedient-beauty/a-visual-history-of-the-toothbrush
Thank you so much for reading and commenting. I <3 you. Come and chat on Twitter (@scudery) and tumblr (redscudery)!
“Dear me, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock said, his lips still taunting. His pupils, however, had dilated. John flushed, remembering Sherlock’s reaction at being surprised in the woods, and was even more certain that Sherlock would crumble under a strict physical control. As James had done, had wanted. It had been sweet to have his captain on his knees, and it would be even sweeter to have Sherlock Holmes on his.
, his traitorous mind supplied—“You’re coming with me, and you’re staying on the home quarter until you can be bloody trusted!”
“Will you come back to bed?” Sherlock asked, a whining hitch in his voice, “It’s still cold. I’m cold.”
If you want to know what happens to the handmade prostate massager this is absolutely the chapter for you.
“I’ll do that,” he said, and did, marveling at the beauty of Sherlock’s cock. Then John shed his own shorts and pants and straddled Sherlock again, hissing at the pleasure of their bare skin. He slid down Sherlock’s body and buried his nose at the join of his thigh and torso, inhaling the hot, masculine scent.
John shook his head and watched the Dimmocks and the Barrymores roll away into the gathering dark with something like satisfaction.
That night, they slept in a tiny motel in Blind River, where there was no Tim Horton’s. John sank gratefully onto the bowed mattress and pulled the cheap sheets over his head.
“Morning!” John shouted. Sherlock had already leaped off Idiot Horse and, leaving her reins dragging on the ground as usual, legged it into the house, bundle of bread in hand.
A frantic bellowing assailed his ears. Damn everything! Harry was in heat, and she didn’t care who knew it. Clara, in sympathy, was bellowing much more loudly than she usually did, and the other animals were making more noise as well. Probably desperate to get out of the loud barn, he thought, and pulled his own, very dirty boots on.
So THIS is the chapter that should be called “Bears That Aren’t There (except they are)” but honestly I just said “fuck it” and called it “Raspberry Parfait” because they pick raspberries and everything is perfect. Then it isn’t. But it’s a bilingual pun, however weak, and that’s the way it’s going to be.
“So: Mrs. Hudson, Sally, Mrs. Dimmock, Mrs. Knight, Sarah Sawyer, Soo-Lin Yao, the Ojibway.” Sherlock leaped down from the settle and seized a notebook.
Another one of my obsessions is names. I especially like old-fashioned Quebec names, of which Philemon is one. He was almost called Phydyme, which is my favorite.
Sherlock bounded to the door as Harry’s bleats amplified with Dimmock’s approach. The boy was in a hurry; he wouldn’t stay for a snack and a game if he were, so much the better. Sherlock held out his hand the very minute the boy was within speaking distance.
In fact, it was not until John had been cutting steadily for several minutes that Sherlock realized that he was holding his breath. It was not until John paused, that Sherlock realized he had been watching the flex of his back muscles through his shirt as much as he had been watching the expert movement of the axe through the air.  He stood, quickly, and pushed John aside to measure the cuts in the wood.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said, and pulled him close. John made one step as if to move away, and then, suddenly, came back and pressed against him, fiercely. Sherlock allowed the warmth of John to register in his senses.
The “just friends” situation is working out about as well as expected: John has to listen to Mrs. Hudson praising Sherlock’s arse while he has a prostate massager pamphlet in his pocket, and Sherlock gets some emotional advice from goats. A mysterious event occurs.
“Get off my foot, ye goddamn bastard!” John’s words were heated, but his tone was not.  Sherlock peeked around the door to see Hamish leaning heavily on John as he drank from the pond. John’s hands were outstretched along the beast’s huge roan shoulder, slowly leveraging a ton of ox off his left boot. Each muscle in his forearm stood out, clearly defined; how much force was he exerting, Sherlock wondered, and how was it that his high-fat diet did not leave a single trace on his body? Something to be more closely examined, it was certain. He headed towards the house, his notebooks and tea.
Or: Sherlock arrives at Scotch Bush and simultaneously charms and horrifies John with his rudeness and vivacity.
“You utter ass!” John exclaimed, and, without further ceremony, he grabbed Sherlock by the collar and pulled him down to eye level. “How dare you endanger yourself and my farm in this way? No, never bloody mind,” he added, as Sherlock opened his mouth—
Byron. Certainly when he looked at Sherlock he felt quite like Byron apparently did when he looked at Isa. Sherlock's arse was much nicer, though.
“With me ejaculating on your hardwood furniture?” Sherlock’s voice was raspy, rough. “I’m aware I’m not normal, thank you very much.”
Lyons began a tale of bad harness and deep mud, and John allowed himself to be swept into the flow of it. He was genuinely surprised when Lestrade and Cyrus Dimmock came over, both swinging axes. Young Joe Dimmock followed them, looking slightly hangdog the way he always did when his father was present.
Sherlock flung a leg over John’s thighs. In and out, John, in and out. You’re saving a life. At the cost of his own, or at least at the cost of his sanity.
“Keep your hands to yourself now,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s nape. He wished he could put his hands all over Sherlock, but the contest didn’t allow it.
“My transport is tired of salt pork.” Sherlock made a face so ludicrous that John was forced to laugh.
The song for this chapter, as you may have already guessed, is “Hallelujah” (the Pentatonix version, which, Virginia, is NOT a Christmas carol), and do not @ me because I know and honour Leonard Cohen okay but for THIS fic Cohen isn’t the right version largely due to that particular song being insufficiently gay.
Frowning, Sherlock sat up. He needed a notebook. And yet, he was very uncomfortable. His mind kept sliding sideways to the image of John, half-dressed in the firelight. His body was pleasing: a slender musculature that was surely closer to da Vinci's ideal than anything Sherlock himself had ever seen in life. At the thought, Sherlock’s cock throbbed. Damn! Even his hands were not as steady as they usually were. He shook himself and got out of bed. As he went up the stairs, he stepped in a pile of scattered matches; a stab of shame at yesterday’s weakness deflated his erection, and he did not have the trouble dressing that John had had.
However, the song “Your Backyard” by Burton Cummings because as aforementioned I think I am farging hilarious.
Then, he felt that, before he went back, she must slip along the pasture fence and explore a certain path which she saw going back into the  grove of spruce and maple further down.  He did--and found a wild little path with lady-ferns beckoning and blowing along it, with June-bells blossoming and trees ripe for climbing. He breathed in the tang of fir-balsam and lost himself in a glory of imaginary descriptions.
"No, this is the last. Given ten worms of between two and five inches, and given one inch per baiting, we have between ten and twenty-five worm units, which is sufficient to catch all the fish we can eat for a while."
"Nah, it's a living parcel. I left it sulking on the last ridge, but it should be along soon; it appears to be mortally afraid of bears--at least, it went white as a sheet when I mentioned the high bear population up at the caves.”
It was startling, really, how even someone as cantankerous as John could seek to make others feel at ease.  Sherlock watched a little longer, looking not only at the boy’s quick movements but John’s assured ones, before he was called back to himself by Mrs. Hudson’s high-pitched summons. He turned away from the sight reluctantly.
“Nothing?” Sherlock looked down between his arms and caught John’s eye. He looked an utter mess: he was flushed, pupils wide and lips plump.
As always, doctornerdington betaed this beautifully. Without her my indents would be all over the damned place and my emotional arc would be less satisfying.
The theme song for this chapter was really hard to find. I finally decided on “If I Were A Moose” by Fred Small, which, despite the weird YouTube iterations, has quite relevant lyrics. Do you like the song? Did you find the Easter egg?
wait. I guess you could. I mean, medical kink/prostate milking, then aftercare isn’t such a bad idea. Just don’t overboil those towels, because I made that shit up.
“Healthy enough, but you could be healthier. Ergo, patient. I worked for this land and I still have to defend it!”
Sherlock cursed to himself. Why hadn’t he paid more attention. He had forgotten his purpose in his enjoyment, and now they were no closer to solving the mystery of their persecutor than they had been when they arrived.
Sherlock shook his head. "Absolutely not. She's smart enough, and we have to assume she has the knowledge..."
And yes, goats urinate during sex. This is a thing, and I’m grateful to my friend Marigolds for having looked it up: "A doe in season (in heat) will indicate her interest in breeding by wagging her tail rapidly for the buck; this is called flagging. Her urine contains chemicals which tell the buck that she is ready to breed. The buck will urinate upon his face, beard, and front legs. He will approach the flagging doe, she will squat and urinate, and he will place his nose in the urine stream. Raising his head high, the buck will curl his upper lip to detect the pheromones which tell him that the doe is receptive to being bred. Intermittently with this activity, the buck will walk/run beside the doe as she leads him around the pasture/pen, placing his head beside her head, kicking one of his front legs forward, hollering "wup," "wup," "wup" and other raucous clucking noises."
John’s hand was raised…it was winding itself into his hair. A slight tug nearly brought Sherlock to his knees again; his scalp seemed inexorably connected to his groin.
He could leave again in the fall, and he would be much less troublesome—in theory. What he would be returned to the confines of city life might not be the complete Sherlock Holmes, John mused, but he would have vented his excess energy and perhaps acquired more—some, at least—salutary habits.
"The only reason I let Mycroft send me here was to get away from his constant surveillance and reprimands. 'Don't insult the ambassador, Sherlock!'" Sherlock's voice went up several octaves in imitation, "'You can't go down to the poorhouse at night, Sherlock!' 'No dead dogs in the drawing room, Sherlock!' Ugh. Hidebound."
Fresh bear scat, with that tang that made it clear that this was a large male bear and that he had been eating meat. Dangerous, then, and close by. Nodding at Sherlock, John pivoted and began to retrace his steps. Sherlock, normally noisy in the woods, followed in silence.
“It will be very instructive to meet her, then.” Sherlock said, as though he had never said the other
"But you do about medicine, and no doubt you have numerous contacts amongst the local Ojibway tribe who are familiar with the plants. In any case, Sherlock is rather solitary."
Sherlock considered Soo-Lin’s reaction to the sight of him. It was not hostile, as Sally’s had been, but fearful. She had no reason, as far as he knew, to fear him, but perhaps she feared men in general. He would watch, at dinnertime.
"Yes, do get up." Sherlock said, and slithered out of John's personal space and over to the settle. His papers seemed to have multiplied overnight, and there was a handful of fresh fiddleheads on the table.
. It’s just… you’re sensitive, and that’s fine.” John did not add that he had never seen a man come to crisis from prostate stimulation alone. He also did not add that it was one of the most erotic sights he had ever seen.
John was already shoveling the plough out of a second muddy spot when he saw Sherlock emerge from the cabin, moving slowly and dressed in his expensive coat. John wondered who had advised him on his clothing choices for the backwoods. The fit was impeccable, but the fabric—he’d end up in rags in no time, with those fine trousers. And he was in boots—thankfully, those were good--but no snowshoes. John wondered just how the man planned to get through the uncleared forest-surely he’d seen the quantity of rotting snow when he had come cross-lots with Stamford. Still, as long as Sherlock got back before dark it wasn’t his problem. John shook his head and turned back to his shovelling with resolve.
The meal ended with pie upon pie. John went back to his dwindling pile of logs with a full stomach and renewed strength. The boy (Friedrich? Floki? Philemon?) was faithful to his post, and before the sun began to set they were able to move over to helping Greg and Joe lift the last of the logs up to the roof.
“Hah!” John could not restrain his triumph. Sherlock wheeled around, fury and pleasure at being outsmarted warring on his face, and John’s smugness turned to laughter again—that is, until Sherlock launched himself at John. Hampered by the soggy bottom where he had been standing, he failed to get sufficient lift to actually grasp him, but he came close enough that John dived to the right, swimming away underwater.
“What’s that, dear?” Mrs. Hudson had come in and he hadn’t heard her. “Goodness!” she said, “Not very tidy, your young man, is he?”
“And this person—could he be in the woods? No, you would have told me there was someone to suspect. Right?”
“I was, er… experimenting with the tensile strength of cooked eggs,” Sherlock said. His voice was deeper than usual, and not as steady.
Scraping the mud from his boots, John went into the cabin. He wasn't quite sure what he was expecting, but Sherlock Holmes kneeling on his hearth and peering into the hearth was not it. Holmes was in his shirtsleeves, his deerstalker and unwieldy though doubtless expensive coat carelessly scattered over the floor.
“They’re truly bonded,” Sherlock said, and if his face had not been streaked with numerous excrements too horrible to catalogue, John would have said he looked almost delighted.
The goats would, John knew, eventually wander back, but with the threat of bear nearby, he didn’t quite dare risk letting them loose in the woods. He took to his heels, reflecting that getting Sherlock under control was almost as difficult as catching Harry.
“Very,” John said. He rummaged in his trunk for his other set of clothes. “Just going to dress; turn around.”
As much as John regretted losing several good daylight hours to chasing animals and bathing, it was a glorious day for a swim. The sun shone fiercely, and the vivid green of the trees around the shining pond made a beautiful picture.
“The protocol.” The muscle was twitching again, this time, Sherlock was sure, in amusement. He wasn’t sure how he felt about that.
John checked his breathing—it was easy and smooth, and when he put his hand on Sherlock’s carotid pulse, at the base of long neck. A month ago, when Sherlock had been just an abstract imposition, he’d have wrung it, cheerfully. Now… he didn’t know what he wanted. No, he did. He wanted to touch. But he wouldn’t—Sherlock was unconscious, for a start, and he was a patient of sorts, and he came with an overprotective older brother who had too much power.
Sherlock held his breath. John’s distress was palpable, but there was, logically, not a thing he could do to reduce it. He must simply wait for the episode to subside.
"Of course you can’t. Spare me the disquisition; I’ve got shit to shovel. Will you join me, or are you staying here?"
"Please, then," John said, and looked up at him, but he had mistaken Sherlock's tone. Sherlock was already wrapping a fresh loaf of his new salt-rising bread in a clean cloth, not asking him to say please.
In case you get any idea that I am exaggerating even slightly about goats eating everything and being a pain in the ass, I promise I am not. I grew up on a farm and I can personally guarantee that goats are like that. Thankfully they’re also affectionate, adorable, and intelligent, and so it balances out. Mostly.
"Difficult to refuse," John said. In the colonies, even storekeepers were often cash poor. "No hard feelings."
"Wait," John interrupted. "What exactly does that mean you are doing with my geese? I ask because geese are expensive, and I don't want you endangering their lives."
Sherlock ran his hand along the bole of the thickest poplar at the edge of the forest, but said nothing.
The actual theme song for this chapter is “Mari-Mac”, also by Great Big Sea. If you’ve never heard it before, the refrain gets faster and faster, which is pretty much what this chapter does.
Guglielmo, by absolutely no lucky chance at all, is pruning a convenient tree near John's window while John is doing this. He comes in his pants, then starts laying plans. His virginity has never troubled him before but right now it seems like the heaviest burden in the world.
Which, he thought, it was high time he started. He unbuttoned his trousers and drawers, shifting them down on his hips. The cool evening air was nice on his clean skin, he thought, as he scooped out a dollop of grease. Arranging himself comfortably, he shook out his hands and took a deep breath, willing himself into doctor mode. As was customary, he first examined the area with his non-greasy right hand, palpating first his thigh muscles, then his bollocks, then the shaft of his cock. All seemed to be in order.
“I will try, and succeed, in stopping you.” John’s fist clenched. He did not need Sherlock running around loose in the woods when he already had a dangerous mystery, a moribund squirrel, and a neglected potato patch on his hands.
He would not make a bed, he decided; he would not do a single thing to make his home something it was not. Let Holmes choose between spruce branches in the loft or the narrow settle, since it too was long enough for a man, though narrow, and it was closer to the fire. He would bear this intrusion, but he would do no more. He had three weeks at least before Holmes arrived, and he would make the most of his solitude until then.
“Yes, Nanny,” Sherlock said, winding his hand around a think spruce and pulling himself back up. “I'd catch a tree, and it doesn't seem like it's that steep.”
“Oh no,” Sherlock said. “Remember the rules. Come here.” He tugged John back in to the corner by the bicycles.
“True.” She grinned. “Now, are you going to drive back with me or should I just go down to the farm quarter by myself and set up lunch?”
“You’d have a less labour-intensive source of sweetener,” Sherlock said one evening after dinner. He had just scraped the last of the sugar from the canister into his tea.
If he were doing the ambushing, he would wait in the loft, ready to jump down on his prey. He made his way quickly up, patting through the dark corners by Sherlock's bed—former bed, he thought in passing. Nothing.
My best thanks to Doctornerdington, who betaed the first part of this chapter under significant time pressure. I'm posting it all, because I want it up, but if you see any errors it's my fault. I'll repost the second part of the chapter once she's had a chance to work her magic.
It was as bad as he feared. An enormous bear had torn at the door of the barn and had lumbered in. The cacophony increased; the horses' frantic whinnying joined with the goats' distress noises. The smell of bear was everywhere.
“I’m fine. I didn’t lose consciousness, I don’t think.” Sherlock’s breath was warm on John’s hand, and John squeezed his shoulder.
“You can’t do it, you know.” John said, his voice normal now. “I won’t allow you to provoke me into doing what I know to be wrong.”
“It takes relatively little effort to fry salt pork, and I will have to serve salt pork because I can’t go outside and find a dead coyote. Although I will say that goose sounds good.” Sherlock said dryly.
It's a nice big juicy chapter this week, thanks to doctornerdington and her ninja chapter-dividing skills. Ellioop also provided a great suggestion for this chapter, and girlwhowearsglasses, marigolds, and turifer were amazing cheerleaders.
Sherlock was shocked to feel a prickle of tears in his eyes. Here he was, a nearly world-renowned scientist, and he could not strike a match in the dark. He struck his fist against the bench, sending matches flying every which way. He took another match, and another. Finally, one struck. He lit the candle, his hands shaking, and—blessedly—there was light.
John felt a flush of terrible excitement. He had caught only a glimpse of Sherlock’s congested face as Sherlock retreated, but he had had time to see the strained flies of Sherlock’s trousers.
Congestion of the testes isn’t a thing. We’re really getting into some Bad 19th Century Science territory starting now, as you will see. This idea of “testicular congestion”, though, is actually contrary to most Victorian science and the reason this fic takes place in the backwoods. In fact, men were encouraged to conserve their essence. From the Victoria & Albert Museum page: “the body was also defined as a closed system of energy, physical, mental and reproductive expenditure were held to be in competition. Hence the notions that male sexual 'excess' led to debility and female reproductive health was damaged by intellectual study.”
Even the brush of that flesh, through trousers, was enough to enflame him. John took a lungful of manure-heavy air, braced his feet once more, and pulled.
"Geese," he breathed, dropping to his knees and studying them for a long moment. "Real, live geese."
"If you don't hurry it up, I'll come over there and wash you myself." His tone was light, he thought, but there was no mistaking the twitch of Sherlock's cock as he spoke.
“Sherlock!” Stamford exclaimed, and Sherlock made his way cautiously forward. “Miss Kuskatoo,” Stamford said, smiling at her encouragingly, “This is Sherlock Holmes. I believe you might share certain interests. Sherlock, this is Miss Molly Kuskatoo. She is my new apprentice.”
“You’re a fool, John Watson,” he said to himself, and went outdoors, dashing over the field to the spruce barrens. He loved them too, a place where magic was made. He could feel pirate gold and Crusade knights around each tree, and though he was alone, he was not lonely.
Frantic bleats from Harry and Clara began at the sound of John’s voice. Even the geese set up a plaintive honking. They made it to the door of the barn—then jumped as something crashed against the wood.
Young Joe was heading into the house, burdened with dining chairs. Sherlock looked around for John, who was nowhere to be seen, and he felt his stomach drop even further. Had John left without him? Surely not. He knew that was not the case. Only Stamford had announced his intentions of leaving, and was harnessing his horses. Mrs. Hudson and Sally were staying with Lestrade; Sarah and Soo-Lin’s leisurely movements meant they were likely doing the same. That only left Lyons and John unaccounted for.
“Right. I am forgetting myself. Sherlock, your bread is delicious, it really is, so let’s have that, and you can save mine for dinner. I’ve got a chicken, and some of last year’s chowchow, a dried-apple pie, and a few other little things. Sherlock, if I had known it was you out here I’d have brought mince tarts; I know you love sweet things.”
To think was to act, and, leaving the kitchen as it was, Sherlock seized a collecting bag and a notebook and stepped into the bright sunshine. He scanned the barnyard, knowing that if Harry or even Clara saw him the jig would be up immediately. Thankfully, John had pastured them out behind the barn to the south, and so the coast was clear.
The tags are current to the end of this chapter, which has really, really earned its E rating. If you don’t wanna read sexy banter about people washing their bits with linen towels, this is not your chapter.
“Not enough sugar,” Sherlock held it out. John gave him a stern look but spooned some in nonetheless, then went to find Sherlock’s discarded cup. He needed tea—he wasn’t distraught, exactly, but he was uneasy.
"Do you know who it is? Did yesterday give you an idea?" John sat down at the table and picked up his cooling tea.
“Not for a moment,” John replied, and he had to laugh. Certainly they must have looked—did look, for that matter—ridiculous, the pair of them; he didn’t blame Idiot Horse for enjoying the show. Sherlock’s hair was quite on end, and the relative pristineness of his shirt had been irretrievably compromised. What John could see of his own self was similarly disastrous; he could feel an unpleasant trickle down his back that promised the rest of him was just as bad.
Well, then, that was exactly what he would do. His parents had always thought him unreasonably stubborn (a bit rich, surely, coming from the people who had burdened the world with Mycroft). There was no reason he shouldn’t apply that stubbornness to getting exactly what he wanted.
Mrs. Barrymore took up a towel and began to polish Lestrade’s already impeccable cutlery; Mrs. Dimmock was set to stirring the beans. From Sarah’s one raised eyebrow, Sherlock was fairly certain it was meant to keep her from ruining any food items. Neither woman made any further attempt at conversation with him.
“Science my arse!” John let his voice rise with no small feeling of pleasure. If Sherlock wanted a row he’d get one, and anger was easier than desire—to a point.
"It is, but we have to eat." Energized, John took a last bite of his bread and stood up. "I'll look out the fishing equipment; will you pack us food?"
He cast his mind back to his medic course. They had really only touched briefly on genitalia. Hygiene had been covered, but that was not an issue in Sherlock’s case, as he valued cleanliness at all times. There had been a brief lesson on the dangers of both sexual excess, which would lead to a sapping of the fighting spirit, and abstention, which would lead to the aforementioned testicular congestion. He pushed aside the brief sentences on inversion; he could not honourably repeat them,  loving women and men as he did, nor did he think it was any use for Sherlock.
“Dammit, Sherlock,” he muttered, “Of course he didn’t fucking shovel.” Shivering in the February night (easily thirty degrees colder than the inside of his truck) he wrenched the snow shovel from its place in the garage and began to hack away at the solid white mass. His nose and hands were frozen by the time he cleared enough space to get to the door.
The theme song is “Talk Dirty to Me” by Poison. Yes, I was a child of the eighties. No, I cannot decide whether these theme songs should be funny or evocative. Do me a favour and don’t put them together in a playlist unless you want musical whiplash. Or suggest a better song, I’m all ears. LMK if you find the Easter egg.
When he arrived, Sherlock was standing in a copse of trees looking up. John could, once again, see nothing.
John trudged along the east line of his property, parallel to the track. He shivered. He’d been searching for Sherlock since Sherlock had fled the barn, but dark had fallen so quickly that tracking was almost an impossibility. The soft leaf-mould and emerging grass hid his trail, even with a lantern and John’s excellent ability.
“They scare you. It’s fine. Probably reasonable. Now clean your foot and we can bypass the swamp, if you like.”
Then, he settled into a regular rhythm, firm at the base and light over the tip, his hips rocking slightly for extra friction. His breathing was already harsher, and his pulse pounded in his ears; his cock stood straight out from his body, glistening with grease.
“You mustn’t. You will live so fully, John, your life will be purple and scarlet. Go and taste it, seize it, feel everything that comes your way. Then write, write, write, and make the world see the beauty you see.”
“That’s…normal. It’s normal. It makes draining the prostate slightly more laborious, but it is normal.” John was glad when he closed his mouth. If he’d said “normal” again he would have had to slap himself.
Well, at least Sherlock hadn’t seen it. And he wasn’t going to, either. John had barn work to do and fields to hoe; he could manage to be outside all day. Squatting down by the trunk, he lifted the lid as quietly as he could to fetch his spare trousers and shirt.
There, however, his scientific inquiry hit a snag. The geese followed him willingly enough, but the transition from luring a goose to securing a goose under one’s arm proved to be much more difficult than Sherlock had anticipated: their necks, he discovered, were a significant obstacle, to say nothing of their temperament. Furthermore, though Sherlock was an able climber, scaling a rough log building with a twenty-five-pound goose was a challenge even to his ability. Finally, it was clear that Philemon, also, did not countenance being carried to the top of the shanty at all, as several large welts along Sherlock’s arms attested. The bright side, however, was that Sherlock had a much better idea of the intelligence of
He had very nearly dug down to the clay holding the plough fast when Harry and Clara began to bleat. When Arthur began to whinny, and even patient Hamish looked up, he knew he had a visitor. Throwing his shovel down, he looked up to see Mike Stamford, the doctor from the bridge, coming down Scotch Bush road on his large, placid horse, Fiona.
However, as he discovered, she was faster than she looked, and even his top speed (10% higher over unploughed ground, he estimated) was insufficient. He had closed the gap somewhat, but she remained stubbornly just out of arm’s reach.
“I would never leave you behind, Sherlock,” John said softly. His face was a dark blur in the fading light of the bonfire but the sound of his voice enveloped Sherlock like the warmest of blankets. How foolish he had been to doubt.
Since when had he been afraid of the woods, he wondered to himself. Never before had he felt so exposed in Canada—India had been a different story, with its unfamiliar vegetation and fauna—but Canada? Never. Until now, fear had seemed a long-ago thing, the well of terror run dry after the siege of Agra and Sholto’s decay. Why, now had a fresh spring risen up to plague him?
It took two whiskies and half a bowl of Angelo's delicious stew before he felt even a little himself again. Angelo, too, had been unusually silent. Suspiciously silent, even.
A guesthouse, perhaps? He had just begun to look about when he was confronted by a face he had never thought to see again.
Sherlock would have to be well-prepared, but the beaver grease would do for that, and John could be patient. A slow, consistent opening, that would be key. At this thought, his cock stirred; he himself was not averse to such a thing—a flash of one sultry Indian night crossed his mind, a tangle of limbs, slick oil on long fingers. He shivered, then squared his jaw and damped the buzz of desire in his mind. Prostate stimulation could be a sexual act, but its medical application was quite different; he felt on surer ground here than he had for pelvic massage. Draining the gland really would alleviate some congestion, though not as completely as the sexual act, and Sherlock should feel some improvement.
“It is. But…” John had to break eye contact; Sherlock’s face, wide open and earnest, was more than he could bear.
“It’s a small place. Stamford at the bridge, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, and Anderson there. Lestrade and young Dimmock are my neighbours. The Dimmocks live further out, towards Five Trees and so do the Knights and their son Henry. Sarah Sawyer—her husband’s dead—lives with her companion Soo-Lin Yao not far from there; they trade work with Will Lyons, who’s baching it like me. And there’s the Ojibway camp.”
"I'm telling you this because I think it's high time you was told," she said.  "I've been at your pa for months to tell you, but he's kept putting it off and off. When the doctor told me last night that the end might come any time now, I just made up my mind that I’d do what was right and tell you.”
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed, leaping back at John’s touch. His face dropped down into an impassable mask almost fast enough to hide his consternation at being thus surprised.
“There’s nobody in my past,” Sherlock’s voice was curt but his face twisted, just a little. “Nobody.”
“Thank you.” Two small words, but Sherlock felt as though they spoke more than he could have ever dreamed of.
“My family is not,” John said, drawing himself up to his full height, which, he was glad to see, was somewhat greater than the other boy’s, “degenerate.”
“Fine,” John said, and held out the cup. Four sugars, no milk. They were almost out of sugar, too. He hoped things would dry up soon, or he’d have a bad crop and he—-they--would be eating nothing but what Sherlock could gather and grow, and milk would be their only source of protein.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock felt his earlier stirrings of desire consolidate in his belly. He was hard, and now he wanted—
John, with a wolfish grin he feels is somewhat put-on, nonetheless invites Guglielmo up front. Guglielmo is already fighting an awkward boner, so he lets loose a vicious deduction. John laughs and is now also fighting an awkward boner. Guglielmo swings his long legs over into the front seat as they pull out of the farm lane.
"Get inside!" he shouted at Sherlock. A chill shot through him; Sherlock must be terrified. Even the idea of a bear was enough to scare him; a real bear would be even more horrifying. "Bar it!"
He fried his scrap of salt pork and then put in the one egg and a hunk of his own hard bread into the grease. Tea and breakfast, such as it was, would make him feel better, he supposed, though it would do nothing fatten his purse.
“I wouldn’t let him take it away.” Sherlock’s face was perfectly honest, and John stared at him in surprise.
—and while that was too close to the bone for John to feel quite comfortable, he did have an option.
"Perhaps. Fall still can't come soon enough, though." Sally nodded, almost approvingly. Mrs. Hudson looked up, bright-eyed but serious.
There were clear skies the next day, and the day after that, and the day after that. After what seemed like an age of wet clothes and of wrestling with wet wood and slippery axe handles, it was delicious to go outdoors and feel warm and dry.
Then, the silence was broken by the faraway chittering of an angry squirrel; the chickadees began again, and a slight breeze raised the little poplar leaves into a flutter. Sherlock exhaled.
Sherlock opened his mouth but John did not stay to hear the words, striding out into the dying light. The door banged.
John, still too muzzy-headed to do anything else, groaned. “You’re such an asshole,” he said, affectionately.
“We’ll be there,” John said, and Dimmock, who seemed only too happy to scarper, letter in one hand, bread and cheese in the other. He waved briefly, and was gone.
John laughed. “Harry would thank you. She loathes Frank more than she loathes anything else, and that’s saying something.”
John shook his head. He could not feel quite so sanguine in the face of such a nebulous threat. How he would prefer to have something to fight right in front of him, rather than a series of ominous? echoes!
“What can you do, John?” Sherlock was hovering anxiously over him. Arthur, his ears flat back, followed reluctantly.
“You’re not,” Sherlock said, chafing his hands. “Look, let’s go in. We can investigate tomorrow.” He let John go and began to search around the fire for a burning brand to light their way back.
I’ve said Sally was a Home girl—a British orphan shipped to Canada for a better chance at a “healthy, moral life”, but Home children didn’t actually start arriving in Canada until 1869: https://www.bac-lac.gc.ca/eng/discover/immigration/immigration-records/home-children-1869-1930/Pages/home-children.aspx
They found nothing in the southeastern ravine, neither that day nor in the week that followed, and while Sherlock’s observations did not cease, their collective nervousness ebbed, just a little.
Sherlock flopped back into bed when the door closed behind him, letting his face drop out of the mask of calm he had feigned for John’s benefit. In truth, Sherlock was the opposite of calm; his body, so sluggish yesterday, now tingled from head to toe. His cock was distended more than usual, so much so that bolts of sensation flew up his belly and down his thighs when it brushed against the blankets or his hand.
“Can I help?” John said, holding Arthur back with a firm hand. A warm flush went through Sherlock’s body—the pleasure of companionship, he thought fleetingly, and turned his attention back to the grass. No disturbances, not up until about ten feet after the fallen tree, and that could easily be John’s tracks.
John sighs as if he remembers that William, despite his cutting intellect, does sometimes need things explained to him straightforward. “No. It's letters. And a diary. I think.”
“John?” Lestrade’s voice seems to come from far away. Instead of answering John just gets up and stumbles towards the door. His leg feels wobbly. No, stop that! He senses Lestrade following him but doesn't turn until they are both outside on the pavement.
“Oh, of course, the great Sherlock Holmes doesn't lower himself to the level of we, ordinary humans. You seriously think you need no one, do you? Who picks you up when you collapse in the bathroom, drugged to your eyeballs? Remind me, what was it last time, morphine or cocaine? Who feeds you up when you decide to stop eating until you look like an emaciated camp inmate? Who drags you up from the couch and puts you in the shower when you are drowning in self-pity during one of your black moods, failing to engage in even the most basic forms of social interaction? Who mops up your blood and vomit, tends to your injuries, and suffers your whims and tempers without saying one sodding word? It's me. It's always me!”
“I have honestly no idea what you are talking about.” He gives John his best innocently baffled gaze, all open, stunned and slightly offended. It usually works.
“Have I died and this is heaven?” He asks, taking a sip from the excellent coffee, closing his eyes as he savours the taste.
Looking further down, John becomes aware of more bruises blooming on Sherlock's protruding ribs – bright purple on pale skin, a ghastly contrast to the colour of his shirt. John carefully brushes his hands over the sore areas, and Sherlock inhales sharply.
Yes, accustomed. An acquired taste. Sherlock might even miss John should he suddenly be removed from his vicinity (at least after a few days, as it actually might take Sherlock a while to notice John's absence).
As it turns out, this story might have 14 to 15 chapters, so we are more than halfway through the mess by now.
Sherlock's eyes follow John's gaze; he shrugs. “Possibly...” His voice is even lower than before. John senses that his flatmate is ...  ashamed. But Sherlock's never ashamed! The man went to Buckingham Palace in nothing but a sheet!
John waits a little but when nothing happens, he knocks again, louder this time, and steps back onto the pavement to gaze up at the facade. He can see the curtain of a window on the first floor move slightly. About a minute later, the front door is opened a fraction and a pale face pears out at him, surrounded by dark curls. A sharp gaze runs him up and down before the door is opened a little wider.
It's almost like in the beginning of their friendship, when no shadows hovered over their doorstep; it's a jaunty evening and both men feel almost giddy with relieve that this is still possible.
“Yes, among other things.” Sherlock grins wickedly. “In the meantime, I could do with some coffee,” he states graciously.
“What are you thinking about?” God, that voice, deep and dark and rumbling. It does things to John he's not ready to face yet.
He has to be better. He has to try harder. John wants him to be amazing, extraordinary, marvellous; and he will be. He will excel.
He dives forward, grabbing Sherlock by the lapels of his jacket and shoves him violently against the bookshelf next to the window.
Filing lists away, from France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Norway. Rows of names. So many people. What is happening to them? They all seem to go to the same locations in the East: Auschwitz, Treblinka, Lublin, Belzec, Sobibor, those are the place names atop of those lists. I guess those are camps. But they must be bursting by now. And still new transports are rolling almost every day from all over Europe.
John takes the box from the coffee table. “Perhaps we’ll find it in here. Ah, look, a few newspaper cuttings from the late fifties and sixties. Apparently, your great-uncle became some sort of inventor. Here, he seems to have done research on forensic blood spatter analysis, among other things. Developed a method to… whatever, you’ll understand it. Look, that's him in 1961 with some inspectors from Scotland Yard.” John passes him the old article and grins. “Fascination with crime seems to run in the family. I hope he was better behaved than you are.” Sherlock is surrounded by grave looking officers in gala uniform with one of whom he’s shaking hands. He wears dark-rimmed spectacles by now, but otherwise seem unchanged.
“Yeah,” John sighs. Sherlock smiles and curls his finger upwards, pushing in just a little deeper. John sees stars and his hips buck up on their own account.
“About what, exactly? I’m really not sure what you are hinting at.” But that’s a lie. John fears he knows exactly what Lestrade is alluding to.
In addition, he's allowed and even encouraged to put other things up Sherlock's lovely bottom as well: not just his cock and fingers, but wooden spoons, candles, the wooden grip of a screwdriver. John finds those games both a little disturbing and very arousing. Sherlock even persuaded him to nick a speculum from the hospital. Both their ensuing orgasms after inserting the gleaming metal into Sherlock's anus to spread him slowly open had been so violent that they nearly passed out.
“But we don't know a thing about each other.” John pants as he's able to talk again, when the invading, insisting tongue that's been massaging his for a good while finally withdraws.
“God, you … you freak! You can't even admit it! Are you seriously that desperate for attention? Am I not entitled to some personal space, a private life of my own? Just because you don't let anyone near you doesn't mean I have to spend my days lonely like you, or worse, lurking in the shadow of the great detective, fobbed off with mere crumbs, running after you and admiring you, playing dumb so you can shine all the brighter. This is sick, Sherlock, this is perverted and troubling and I won't allow this any longer!”
The next few days are strange, despite the sanest times being fairly mad at 221b. Sherlock is quieter than usual. He makes himself rarre,  mostly stays in his room. John's glad to escape the gloomy atmosphere of their flat to attend locum work at the surgery on Friday.
Sherlock turns to look back at John. “Wouldn't that be boring?” A slightly devilish grin curls Sherlock's impossible lips.
But John stubbornly refuses to stop weeping. He just grabs Sherlock tighter. His body is trembling as all the pent-up hurt, anxiety and grieve pour finally out of him.
So why does he bother? Why does he try? Why can't he accept that some things will never feature in his life: care, liability, fondness, affection?
The policeman catches them a few minutes later, with John's cock in Sherlock's mouth and John's hands in Sherlock's hair. There is no mistaking of what they've both been up to, and not even Sherlock can talk them out of being arrested and getting carted off to Wood Street police station.
We are waiting. For what, I don't know. What am I doing here? What are we all doing here? At least I hope your mission is exciting and expedient, worth your time.
Speaking of … Now, listening into the void of silence, John can finally hear someone come up the stairs, but the steps sound heavy and unsteady. Then the door to their flat swings open, and there  he is, a dramatic black silhouette against the light from the staircase. Sherlock Holmes, all great-coat and dishevelled curls, swaying slightly on their doorstep, positively reeking of booze and stale smoke.
John's mind goes completely blank. What the hell is one supposed to say to something like that? He can only stare at Sherlock, like he's never seen him before. Sherlock stares right back, unblinking.
William looks up from the letter. “Ok, you win. They truly met in Naples. God, I can't believe it. It's like some trashy slush you watch on TV.”
“You can't be that insatiable.” Sherlock states, his expression wavering between disbelieving and slightly impressed.
And now, finally, Sherlock is able to whisper those words against John's skin in the darkness of 221b.
“Sherlock, no!” John feels black, all-consuming anger well up inside him at this staunch remark, imagining how Sherlock must have felt back then - vulnerable, helpless, afraid, perturbed, alone;  it enrages John beyond anything. Reduced to a traumatised, self-loathing child Sherlock grew into a man who prefers to call himself a sociopath, unable to see what an amazing, brilliant and unique human being he'd become.
“Of course I did. But it was a comprehensive in the eighties. Remember what the grocer's daughter did to their funding?”
“You'd like that, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock's voice all of a sudden sounds incredibly low and dirty. John feels himself getting blotchy with bright pink patches all over.
“Don't you dare! It feels... odd. It hurts. But don't stop. Just go slowly.” John tries a reassuring smile. Sherlock just stares back at him. Not very convincing, then...
He'd somehow longed for it – and now, as it is finally happening, he acts like a blushing virgin. Which he's definitely not – regardless of what Mycroft may say. His brother should know better, after all they've been through. Why can't he just endure John's advances until he gets used to it? He might even take to it. People do it all the time; it can't be that bad. On the other hand, people
There’s no point in delaying the necessary and inevitable. He’d hoped that his declaration at Angelo’s had exorcised all inclinations John might have harboured at the time regarding the character of their relationship in general and Sherlock’s proclivities in particular but maybe he’d been mistaken. Amorous penchants are really not his strong suit, as is conversing about them. Perhaps he should have been more explicit? But then, he’d barely known his new flatmate then. And he’d honestly needed someone to share the rent with, so why drive the up till then only willing and apt applicant away by overemphasising a denial of perhaps totally uncalled for extended benefits that might or might not have been anticipated by his lodger but were surely never ever implied by Sherlock in the first place? Sherlock’s usually not that cautious, but in this specific area, he’s always thought letting sleeping dogs lie to be the safest route.
“I’m,” he tried, but had to take another deep breath. His lungs betrayed him, though, and he could not get enough air. Dark spots floated before his eyes, and he was cold, so cold.
The car ride is long. They bond--John loves Guglielmo's cleverness, Guglielmo is fascinated by John. They share the picnic, dusty from the car ride. The waterfall is as beautiful as advertised. Guglielmo doesn’t stay in the car.
“Beautifully done!” Sherlock said, applauding. Idiot Horse’s rein dangled loosely from his hand, but John had no doubt she would stay near Sherlock. Her attachment to him was remarkable, all the more so because he showed her no marks of affection.
That was all there was, but there had been much less when he had arrived. He shuddered as he remembered his first winter in the shanty—eight feet square, no windows, and a decomposing roof. He’d been cold for nine months, and he’d stepped on goat turds every day of it, as he’d had no barn.
“We can’t very well ride about the district asking to look at our female neighbours’ boots, especially at this hour.”
“This is. Chasing criminals is one thing; prolonged surveillance in the heat is another. I had plenty of that in the army.”
“Very well.” John said, and went back out, shaken and scrambled in his turn. He knew he could have insisted, but he would—yes, even in Mycroft Holmes’ teeth—respect the wishes of his patients. And, though John had left the profession behind in the wake of that bloody day in Agra, the vestiges of his integrity as a medical man demanded he respect Sherlock Holmes’ wishes. And yet it was the most frustrating thing he’d felt in aeons, because, dammit, he
“Take my hand. You should be able to step out then.” Their hands clasped, and John exerted more force. Sherlock was nearly out, almost, and hell if his face wasn’t the funniest thing John had seen in a while, skin and hair plastered with chicken shit. John bit his lip and pulled one last time. Sherlock, free now but unstable, staggered towards him.
His second attempt, with Pierrette, had gone no better. He had been forced to empty his own traveling case—thankfully he had provided himself with a large one—and use that as goose transport. He had a fleeting concern that it might affect his results, for though he had managed to get Philemon inside with only one or two more welts, the anger the bird felt might give him greater force, but then, when faced with a fox, a goose might be equally angry.
I did a lot of thinking about how to include First Nations people in this story, because this is, however peripherally, a story about colonialization. Ultimately, I included a few comments about the local tribe (Ojibway), but left it alone overall. I am not sure that was the right choice, but given the way the story got away from me in terms of length (this was supposed to be a 2k one-shot) I’m leaving it that way for now.
"Nobody ships me anywhere," Sherlock grumbled, but a look flashed across his face that made John feel more reassured than anything he'd seen so far.
“Fine, John.” Sherlock was clearly vastly disinterested in any kind of caution. He had a fish heart on the tip of one long finger, and was peering at it intently.
"You're lowering your voice on purpose," John complained, but it wasn't a complaint, exactly. Sherlock's hand was around his cock, engulfing it completely, and John knew he didn't dare look. He wanted to, but he didn't dare.
“John likes it less salty,” Sherlock’s voice broke into John’s consciousness as out of nowhere; John whipped his head around in what he realized must be quite a comic way, but he couldn’t help it.
There wasn’t a single Tim Horton’s on the road between their last motel and the arena where the tournament was taking place, to John’s delight. There were no visible sources of those damned cups either, so he relaxed, marginally, and let himself soak up the atmosphere. Arenas hadn’t changed much since he was a kid, and neither had hockey tournaments. The noise level was utterly amazing, and the mingled smell of fried onions and hockey equipment pervaded the place. Groups of players, in identical coats and hats, roamed the halls and stands, and parents stood in clumps, chatting.
Physical contact was dangerous; if he allowed his awareness of Sherlock to penetrate his touch-starved consciousness, he would make a fool of himself right here.
Before John could stand to answer it, Sherlock breezed in carrying a bag from Tim’s and a tray of coffee.
“Not those glands.”  John hid a smile. “This is a single gland: the prostate. It provides a matrix for seminal fluid.”
Sherlock leaped out of bed, seized his boots—why were they there?—and came down the ladder to engulf Mrs. Hudson in a hug significantly less awkward than the one he and John had shared earlier.
“You needn’t stare,” she went on. Laws-a-massy, child, don't look like that!  You'll be looked after. Your ma's people will see to that--on account of the Lestrade pride, if for no other reason.  They won't let one of their own blood starve or go to strangers--even if they have always hated your pa like p'isen, and even if the other...well, they’re very high and mighty, ” she finished lamely.
And it was, as far as he knew, the only treatment for hysteria. He was supposed to treat Sherlock for hysteria. Like this.
Suddenly, a brilliant idea seized him, and, though he felt a little foolish; it bordered on the romantic, and he was old enough to be well past it. Still, he thought. He squared his shoulders and walked over to the goats, who ignored him. Sherlock looked up and smiled.
“Up,” he said, hauling on Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock wrinkled his brow but allowed himself to be pulled into a half-sitting position.
"Is that an interjection or an order, Captain?" Sherlock said, standing up. He had dipped the towel again and was washing the dark thatch of his pubic hair. Soon he would wash his cock, John knew, and it would be a test of everyone's self control.
“Repeatable results, John. Scientific method. You tell me that this goose bloodied a fox’s nose, and I seek to assemble the data that proves it true or not.”
The next vandalism incident was at a deer farm outside of Sault Ste. Marie; several fences had been pulled down, and the deer had escaped. Sherlock, trying to see just how fast deer could run, nearly got trampled. He only evaded it by taking a flying leap into the next pen over, which contained a bottle-fed moose. John thought he’d die laughing when the moose--very clearly not interested in trampling Sherlock, but rather in rubbing up against him until he fell over--licked Sherlock’s face.  The moose, of course, was the culprit, and the relieved owner gave them a Tim’s gift card in addition to their fee.
John nodded as noncommittally as he was able. He was starting to wish that he had not opened this line of conversation, even if he knew he was obliged by Mycroft Holmes to do so. It was one thing to insist that Sherlock look to his transport in the matter of eating, drinking, and sleeping.
“You’re welcome to him,” John replied, but he clenched his fist nonetheless at the unexpected spike of jealousy. “He left squirrel entrails on the dishes last week. I nearly shot him.”
John writes 200 pages of an erotic novel. Guglielmo reads it and points out inaccuracies. The book never gets finished; there’s always one more kiss that must be given, now, right now.
John felt the hand at his neck, and, in shock, twisted away, striking at his uncle’s hand. Uncle Gregory stopped dead at the crack that echoed through the room. He drew his hand away as if burnt, and he and John stared at each other for a second, blue eyes to brown, before both turning silently back to the stove.
He scrawled his name and sealed the letter, smiling; the lack of capital letters in the postscript was quite the right touch. And his salamanders would be useful here; he thought they might be slightly different than the ones in John’s lake, and it would be worth comparing.
“I have more time to cut wood than I have money. Now, do you mind very much if I start the fire? Lake's still too cold to wash in, and I'm covered in mud."
“We must be home by dark.” Greg said, and took up the books. They all seemed, to his eye, very new and somewhat unsuitable. He set them aside.
John restrained the urge to grab a handful of dark curls. He knew, just as certainly as he knew Sherlock was driven by bravado, that Sherlock would obey him instantly if he pulled his hair. His hand flexed.
“We spirited him out, finally. An orderly helped us—though God knows we didn’t deserve it—and I hid him in a shanty up in the jungle. I visited him when I could. I brought him food. But his humanity…”
"It’s beyond frustrating. I remember everything. All the time. And I don't remember this. There is, thank God, no mistaking Mycroft and I--and, whatever else Sally Donovan is, she's an intelligent woman--so I'm at a loss. And I don't like it."
It had been so long since he had touched anyone. For a mad moment he was tempted. He glanced over at Sherlock…but Sherlock wasn’t there.
Predictably, Sherlock was elbow-deep in guts. He'd flipped the liver off to one side and was carefully opening the stomach.
For a long time after that, John only muttered and thrashed. His feet came loose from the blankets; Sherlock could see the sheen of perspiration on his forehead.
“No!” John shouted, but his effort was quite lost. As soon as Harry perceived that someone was after her, she would run, dodging and leaping like one possessed. Clara was fast as well, though not so tricky.
"Furthermore," Holmes added, "His excess of humours may be hysteria, though it will be up to you to diagnose it. If you treat him for hysteria--I believe the accepted method is manual stimulation to paroxysm, but of course you are the expert--and it is effective, I will pay off your land."
"Much obliged," Sherlock muttered, and turned back to his notebook. Another clue, he thought, to the emotional trauma that made John cry out in the night, and wake up bathed in sweat—he thought Sherlock didn’t see, but the cracks in the loft floor went both ways, and while people were not his usual study, he was even more intrigued now. He would sit up, he decided, and observe. John had eaten heavily, and even taken a cup of whiskey, which he rarely did. He would go to bed early, and sleep soundly for the first part of the night; when the effects of the whiskey wore off, the dreams would start. Sherlock opened notebook 29J and added the date, the quantity John had eaten and drunk, and the number of miles they had walked to the table therein.
Behind the piles, however, there was no discernable sign of any activity beyond their own footprints. Sherlock combed the grass meticulously from the bonfires to the woods, but not a sign could he see.
Dinner was a rather hilarious event. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson were droll, scientific, gossipy, and sarcastic in turns. John mainly observed, particularly enjoying Mrs. Hudson’s caustic comments if Sherlock pontificated or bragged. Sherlock, in his turn, accused Mrs. Hudson of being an imbecile at least three times.
“Keep it quiet, mainly,” John said. He felt the urgency in Sherlock’s voice and marvelled at it. A brief moment, a tiny creature, and Sherlock was already deeply concerned with its well-being. John opened his mouth to tell him that the thing wouldn’t live, but closed it again. Sherlock would see soon enough.
John had smuggled him out at the first hint of court-martial, wrapping his beloved commander in native garb and hiding him in the hills. He could not have done otherwise, but he remembered walking away from the tiny hut he had secured with the aid of a Hindoo orderly, unsure that he would ever see Sholto alive again.
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos. Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
"Regretfully, yes. I hold a number of your debts, now, and I would hate to demand payment immediately."
“Oh, don’t take it personally. Almost everyone is an idiot. As I was saying, you may be an idiot about science, but you’re very handy.”
He would return to the site -- yes, he would. John was hoeing the potato patch on the far side of the house and would not see him; he could run there and be back before John required lunch. Perhaps there was more to see, after all.
“Very well.” No use but to get it out of the way. He went to his things and pulled out the most stained piece of paper he could find. With his homemade ink (quite good staying power, but did tend to unevenness) he wrote the shortest missive he could manage.
The account-book had caught fire and dissolved, curling up. John straightened his back and watched it with a pain in his belly; it was as if part of him were burning. He felt, rather than saw, Uncle Gregory leave the room, and only then did he slump to his knees. It was terrible to think that all those stories and sketches were gone.   He could never write them again--not just the same, and anyway, if Uncle Gregory were to insist on seeing them, he would not be able to write a thing. Father had never insisted; Father had trusted him.  Uncle Gregory, it seemed, would not.
“Lie back, then, and start your watch,” John grinned. He’d been wanting to get his hands on those shirt buttons.
“It doesn’t hurt, Sherlock, not physically. It’s another type of pain that is at stake when it’s between two people: your peace of mind, for one, and your heart, for another. Physical contact—sexual contact—raises emotions that can be difficult to manage.”
John woke alone, and for one brief, terrifying moment he thought that the prior day had not happened at all.
“Mary’s fault?” Sherlock knew he was on thin ice with this last question but the desire to know was too strong.
“I see,” he said, licking his lips. “But isn’t that a bit, er, fun for your challenges? Where’s the catch?”
“It makes a lot of noise too,” John replied, and reached up to run his raspberry-stained thumb across Sherlock’s lips. “Someone should stop it up.”
"If he comes to harm, I won't be responsible. I don't have time to nursemaid anyone but my livestock and my land."
At home, Sherlock went to fill the kettle without prompting and even—John nearly fell over—bringing in an armload of wood to stoke up the fire. John, the now-unconscious squirrel cradled in one hand, sank down into his chair. Baby animals, especially injured ones, needed to be kept warm, and he was the best heat source around.
There is a lot of talk in this chapter, too, and part of that is the mystery and part of that is setting up for what I am devoutly hoping I can turn into a series of original queer romance titles.
“You may not like me, you bloody animal, but you can’t get rid of me,” he hissed. Arthur pranced again.
He opened the letter. Why was Mycroft’s penmanship so perfect, even when he was writing under great pressure? At least there was what looked like a spot of jam on one corner.
The Barrymores drove into the yard just then. John shook Mrs. Barrymore’s hand, then the Major’s. Could these two, the definition of “solid citizen”, be responsible for the straw dog? John frowned. This uncertainty had the potential to poison all of his relationships. His eyes flicked to Mrs. Barrymore’s neat moccasins as she walked towards the house. Some of the raw anxiety he had experienced in his first year in this community came flooding back to him; he struggled to keep his posture relaxed, holding his left hand rigidly at his side.
John sat back down. He knew he should go to bed, but his nerves were too raw for sleep. Instead, he took down his shotgun and began to clean and oil it as Sherlock examined and measured the dog.
A couple of historical, hand-wavy inconsistencies: it’s too early for fiddleheads (fresh fern shoots) when they eat them. Fiddlehead season is usually mid-May. Pretend the’re canned or something.  Also, I couldn’t find any evidence for coywolf hybrids in the mid-19th century in Canada but that doesn’t mean they didn’t exist. Sherlock seems to think they do though and who am I to deny him?
“And now, there are things you should know, John, about your mother’s family. I met her twelve years ago, when I was sub-editor of the Enterprise up in Charlottetown and she was in her last year at Queen's. She was one of the Lestrades from Blair Water.  They live up on the old north shore at Blair Water on New Moon Farm--always have lived there since the first Lestrade came out from the Old Country in 1790. They’re proud, terribly proud--the Lestrade pride is a byword along the north shore, John.  Well, they had some things to be proud of, that cannot be
“Do you really think someone would have followed you from India?” Sherlock peered into his face with intensity; John could not believe he’d found that attractive.
“I’d like to see you try.” Sherlock drew himself up to his full height and looked down his long nose at John.
More anger, and anguish, too. Sherlock rose and approached John’s bed. To his surprise, John’s eyes were wide open and the expression on his face was one of betrayal and horror. Sherlock recoiled. This was not the John of this morning, warm and honest. This was an unrecognizable man, one that was suffering. Sherlock hoped he would never see this expression directed at him.
Sherlock nodded. It would be good to get out of the rain. He walked the last hundred feet to the house, then fumbled at the door until it gave way before him. He reached for his buttons, but discovered that they were completely stuck—must be the wet. He’d leave it on, then. Probably better to keep the heat close to his body until the house warmed up; right now, it was barely warmer than outside, though it was at least dry.
Was the answer that Sherlock himself had not sought out the consultation—did not wish to be “cured” in any way? He was at John’s farm under duress, and so John, caught between his own personal and professional ethics and pressure from Mycroft, displayed tension and embarrassment. It was a plausible theory.
Philemon and Pierrette seemed relatively unmoved by this attention. Harry, as usual, was quite perturbed at being ignored, and Arthur, usually so calm, was making deep, horsey noises of irritation.
And yet he would never go back, not beyond occasionally helping Stamford, the local doctor--that was a line he could not cross. So he farmed, and he spent his evenings with a bottle of whiskey and the fire, hoping he would sleep without dreams. It was a life, though a hard and uncertain one.
Victor nods as his eyes roll back in his head when John aims again for his sweet spot. He doesn't dare to examine why he's concerned with the pleasure of a random whore he picked  up. Yet the sounds said whore makes are glorious. John starts to grunt in response.
“Come on, lick me. Eat me out.” John growls, and Sherlock dives between his cheeks. He's never done this before. It's not that their sex life is especially vanilla, but somehow Sherlock has shied away from too intimate practices. Deep down, he somehow thinks of these things as dirty, filthy. They don't even have that much intercourse. Sherlock, up until now, had outright refused being penetrated, and John is still getting used to it. Therefore, it's mostly blow jobs or mutual hand jobs with the odd intercrural incidence in between.
Afterwards, instead of relieved and elevated, Sherlock had felt jaded and weary. He'd tried to cheer himself up by extracting samples from the cuttings of the human lung still kept in the fridge, to establish Aspergillosis infestation but the sight of a scalpel in his hand had made him uneasy.
John returns and presses a mug into his hand. “So, do you think your great-uncle Sherlock lived here with his lover John?” He looks at William over the rim of his own mug as he takes a sip.
And all the while, John simply ate his food and drank his wine and sat there until Sherlock was internally screaming. What a waste of time! This was so pedestrian, so utterly mundane! He'd prefer sticking matches under his fingernails to this dull, trivial, superfluous meet-up. John could have eaten back at Baker Street as well. What was the point in dragging him here? Was it a test? Could John not bear being alone with him anymore? Was there a hidden message in this dating business Sherlock wasn't getting?
James wrote to me from England. He doesn't sound too good. He seems frustrated because he's bedridden. I'm worrying about him.
I love you. I need you. I couldn't live with being parted from you again. That miserable war already stole so much of our time. You are no use to me in prison.
Sherlock tilts his head forward and lets his brow rest against the dark wood, closing his eyes. He exhales sharply through his nose as not to sigh. His left hand is still on the handle, while the fingertips of his right hand just barely touch the door frame, hovering there.
There's something scribbled onto it with pencil, slightly blurred spidery letters. As if written in a hurry; as if written without looking.
The next thing Sherlock knows, he's lying onto his side, still clothed in his dressing gown. John's next to him, holding him and it makes Sherlock want to kick, to lash out, to yell, to vomit but he doesn't move or make any sound. Experience tells him that staying utterly still is the best course to navigate this situation. The man will eventually move away. If he puts up resistance, it'll only get worse. So he lies very still, nearly frozen – and waits.
As John comes downstairs on Saturday morning, Sherlock is already on his laptop, skimming his inbox. He's still dressed in his clothes from last night, so John knows he hasn't slept at all. John wonders if he should remark on that, if they should discuss what happened, now that some time has passed. But as Sherlock seems rather captivated, John decides to make tea and wait patiently until Sherlock will be in the mood to make him privy to his thoughts. In the meantime, he sits in his chair, sips tea and browses through the paper. Perhaps it's a bit cowardly but he didn't even have a proper breakfast yet. There's only so much a British male can take.
It tastes of soap and musk and sex and John. It's hot and soft and … oh god! Sherlock sucks and John's hole flutters beneath his lips. The noises he makes are raw and desperate.
“So, you are… Scott?” The voice is suddenly much closer and Sherlock spins around, his eyes wide in shock.
John's hands have been holding him in place at his hips, his thumbs digging in the soft, almost translucent skin below protruding hip bones. But now his grip starts to slip on the damp skin, slick with sweat. Sherlock's hard cock is leaking copiously onto his concave, quivering belly, his dark pubic hair glistening with his own fluids. The flushed head of his cock is fully engorged and dark red, like the hole John is pounding so hard.
Then one of Sherlock's shallow thrusts suddenly hits the sweet spot inside him and John almost arches off the bed.
William puts the letters down onto the sofa. “Are you sure you didn’t have a gay relative called John Watson as well?”
“Yeah, cheers, me too.” John settles back in his chair after gathering up the pages of the paper. Sherlock remains sitting at the desk for a whole minute, glaring at John, who grins behind the sheets until the detective finally gets up and strides past him with a huff of annoyance. John can almost hear him complain: 'Brain the size of a planet, and here am I, reduced to a tea lady!'
Having been ignored all day, John feels way too miffed to send another text enquiring after Sherlock's whereabouts. Instead, he brushes his teeth in frustration before stumbling up the stairs to his room. He doesn't switch on the light, just undresses down to his underwear and it is only as he is about to climb into bed that he sense that something is… off. As he reaches out, his hand makes contact with a soft silky mop of hair. He lets his fingers wander over the warm, lean frame curled up in his sheets and joy bubbles up in his chest because Sherlock is sleeping peacefully in his bed.
He's to keyed up to sleep. But there's nothing else to do either. Mycroft will provide him with all the essentials, he doesn't need to pack anything. He'll miss this flat, though. His violin. London.
Sherlock waits until John has repeated this task before speaking again: “It doesn't matter anymore. Water under the bridge. Let’s forget this discussion ever happened.”
The too-bright fluorescent light above the basin hums and flickers. They hold each other's gaze as Sherlock steps up behind John and puts both his hands on the shorter man's shoulders. He brushes his nose up the nape of John's neck before whispering into his ear: “Never talk to me like that again, John.”
He tolerated the anguish, even welcomed it. Sensation play: he’d toyed around with it in the past. It had been rewarding, at least on some occasions. Sherlock knew that pain helped him to focus, heightened his perception. He was quite aware that he needed a certain level of physical stimulus to let go.
Luckily for both John and Sherlock, Lestrade is standing in their living room as John returns from Ella (and a quick round to the shops). Sherlock is calling the DI an imbecile and a moron, in the same breath insulting the rest of his division as a bunch of mentally deficient cretins, before shrugging on his coat and storming downstairs to hail a cab. When John shouts after him, asking what all the fuss is about, Sherlock just huffs theatrically, spins around on the stairs, makes some offensive gestures with his hands, barks “Case!” and is out of the front door within the next fraction of a second.
"Dubious! Didn't you ask her some questions? Stupid! Enquired after her motifs, her name, her association with John, SOMETHING? ANYTHING?" Sherlock glares down at the old woman, who just tuts at him.
“Oh, do you?” She arches a wispy plugged eyebrow. “I just work around the corner. Applegate, Simmons & McFarlane.”
As he still stands, rapt, in the doorway, Sherlock scoots over to the far side of the mattress and finally John is able to move again. He steps back into the dark room and tentatively climbs into bed next to Sherlock, cautious not to touch.
The skag should have worked its magic by now. So why is he still lingering on this rather unpleasant topic?
“He left school a few days after and did not return. But I had found a new pastime. I had never thought about myself that way but if Victor perceived me as attractive, maybe others did as well? I took them behind the boat house and started to... explore. And let them explore me. Some were not that bad. I didn't always especially like it but I gained experience.” Sherlock tries a weak smile.
Eventually, the penny drops. Sherlock's sure it's literally audible. “Yes. Yes I was. Rather boring. Very disappointing. It's her employer. Fears the junior manager might be after her. Well, he is, he's rather besotted with her, up to a very unhealthy degree but same could be said of her boss, so it's out of the frying pan and into the fire for her.” Sherlock waves an elegant hand, dismissing the whole business as totally irrelevant.
I had a nightmare. I dreamt about hundreds of people screaming in fear and agony, their faces contorted in horror, pointing at me, tearing my flesh from my bones. Woke up in the small hours, drenched in sweat. John, what am I going to do? I need you.
As a concession to the heat, Sherlock injects the solution in his femoral vein or even the external iliac vein as not to show off the marks on his often bare arms. John hates seeing the pin pricks on his pale skin, especially when they make love, and hates even more what the drugs might do to Sherlock, his fine body and brilliant mind, but he has no means to stop him. He can't leave.
“You sound like my brother and I will not have that in our bedroom.” Now Sherlock behaves seriously miffed.
“John...?” It sounds meek, very unlike Sherlock. John faces him again, a bit surprised. Sherlock is not meeting John's eyes, still fussing with the strand from his quilt.
When he's finished, John stares down at Sherlock's naked chest, his peaked pink nipples and protruding ribs quickly rising and falling in elevated breathing. His mind goes back to the other night he saw Sherlock exposed, broken and injured like this and something hot and heavy like liquid lead starts to pool in his stomach. John's hands shake slightly as he tenderly pushes the rags from Sherlock's shoulders, his palms gliding over the firm cool ridges of Sherlock's scapulae.
Sherlock never turns him down. He never complains or shies away. On the contrary, he's easily aroused and very adventurous, always coming up with new ideas to pleasure John, or for John to make love to him. When he stuck his tongue up John's behind for the first time, John nearly suffered a heart attack before coming more violently than ever before. Despite the utter shame he'd felt about this... practice, it stayed and was often repeated.
The man sinks on his knees in front of John and reaches for his fly. As John grabs his wrists the man freezes.
Sherlock eventually switches the kettle on, takes a mug from the cupboard and puts a tea bag and a huge heap of sugar in it. He sniffs the milk, pulls a face and sets it back onto the counter. John watches him, raising an eyebrow, slightly shaking his head in resignation but keeping silent otherwise.
I am aware that I'm playing rather losely with historical facts here, apologies. This will, however, continue in the next chapters.
“Would you like to know?” Sherlock asks suddenly, feeling brave and reckless because of the security John's undemanding proximity and the familiar surroundings offer. And if John honestly means what he's saying, then he deserves to know.
“I could just come like this, you know?” John's voice is husky from arousal. “All over your face. Do you want me to?”
God, Sherlock, I miss you already. How am I to stay sane? How am I to survive? Well, it's just six months... I think I simply have to carry on.
Sherlock stares back at John as if to ascertain how determined his flatmate is and if he himself has the energy to fight him. After a long moment, Sherlock gives the briefest nod before turning and heading to the bathroom.
I'm forgetting how your voice sounds when you gasp out my name, the sweet smell of your silky hair. You are slipping, ever so slightly. Please, stay with me.
“Well, due to my other obligations regarding my danger prone and socially awkward flatmate, that's about all I'm able to sustain!” John is getting rather worked up. What the hell has gotten into Sherlock? He's in a real mood today. Or does it just hurt because Sherlock's razor-sharp analyses are, for once, directed at himself rather than clients or criminals? It's a very unpleasant experience to be at the centre of the focus of Sherlock's mercurial temper and uninhibited deductions.
“Unnecessary. I doubt those two men in the film had feelings for each other.” Sherlock makes it sound like something he wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole – and that says something.
He meticulously prepares a hit and out of habit goes for the cephalic vein. It'll be traceable but he doesn't care. If John sees, so be it. Serves him right! Sherlock doesn't bother to clean up afterwards, either, only hides the heroin behind the picture of Poe before staggering back into the sitting room to lie on the couch, his gaze fixed on John's empty chair.
“Get up.” Sherlock demands urgently. After John has climbed onto the bed with Sherlock still clinging onto him, John’s torso is lowered on top of the duvet until his weight rests solely on his shoulders and his right forearm while his naked arse pokes obscenely into the air.
John eyes the stranger suspiciously. He's tall and lean, with brunette hair, wearing an immaculate if a little old-fashioned three piece suit made of heavy grey wool. It's been some time since John has seen fabric of such quality.
John turns back to Sherlock, brushing his palms up pale, sinewy forearms. He can feel the firm flesh and lean muscles as he strokes up and down. Sherlock is so beautiful like this, anxious and flushed, his sharp features accentuated by the diffuse lighting. He is wearing a tight shirt with the first button undone. His pulse is hammering in his throat, barely visible inside his open shirt collar.
John seems to take this as an invitation. He steps closer and now towers over Sherlock, standing between his spread thighs, and he's so close that Sherlock can spot the mark where John cut himself while shaving, just beneath his lower lip. Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed on the small wound while imagining John in front of their bathroom mirror, carefully dragging the sharp blade of his old fashioned razor over his cheeks, chin and throat, a small towel caught around his waist, his skin flushed pink and still slightly damp from the shower, nipples peaked in the cold air.
“No, of course not, but that was...” What? Different? Necessary? A decision that had to be made? Inevitable? But was it? “I did it for you.” Sherlock whispers.
“Ok, let me rephrase my question: How did you meet Lestrade?” John's clipped tone makes Sherlock nearly recoil. He sits a bit more upright, swallows and tries to access how much John knows. Is it too late for damage control?
I'm still at Tripoli. The hospital needs me, it's terribly understaffed. We are daily treating many casualties, though it seems that the Germans are retreating. There are rumours that Rommel left for Berlin. We'll see.
I was sick all day. They started to round people up. It's Sunday, so most are at home. It's awful. People are crying in the streets, begging for their children's lives.
William rolls his eyes. “Oh god, please, I'm really not interested in the plebeian romantic outpourings of some poor sod residing here before our time.” He starts to turn to continue his search through his drawers.
But William gnaws at his thumb, taking his time before answering. “I wasn't... well, back then. I just... didn’t care. Couldn’t care.” He can’t look at John when he makes this confession. His past is still sensitive territory between them, a sore wound they mostly ignore. William sighs before he continues. “And then I forgot.” He folds his hands in his lap to stop himself from biting himself bloody.
John swallows, then nods curtly. Without drying his hands, he reaches for Sherlock, gets hold of his face and kisses him, sweet and undemanding and oh-so-reassuring.
Thinking about it, about all the crazy things that have happened in the last 36 hours, John grows cold with fear. He'd belittled Sherlock, then left without a word. When he had returned, Sherlock had been high on class A drugs, lying unconscious on their living room floor, bleeding onto the carpet. Was there a connection? Were the incidents related? Cause and effect?
Sherlock sighs. “You see, I had to gather evidence. So I stayed late after class, took my time while showering and then went over to Mr Rucastle's cubicle. I was just clad in a towel, loitering in the door frame. The minute he looked up at me I knew.” Sherlock makes a retching sound as there seems to be no saliva left in his mouth.
Having reduced Sherlock Holmes to a begging mess, John thinks he can start dishing out rewards. So he does as he's told, adding his fingernails, raking them over Sherlock's back underneath his loosened shirt.
John looks around, his gaze wild and confused, before grabbing the next firm surface within reach. Clinging to the table top he sinks down onto a chair but avoids meeting Sherlock's eyes.
John's palm comes to rests in the crook of Sherlock's neck and shoulder, his index finger brushing ever so lightly over Sherlock's pulse point and he can't miss the thrumming beat as Sherlock's heart rate speeds up perceptibly. John's thumb softly strokes the delicate skin of Sherlock's suprasternal notch, exposed above the frayed collar of his washed-out t-shirt.
“He seems to have respected their legacy. And waited for the right person to take over.” John whispers into William’s hair.
We'll leave tomorrow. Our route runs via Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria and Albania to Italy. It will take us approximately two to three weeks. If we make it. It's dangerous enemy territory. But there's no other way. And we have to hurry. It's already autumn.
After carefully closing his bedroom door, making sure it’s locked, John leans back against it. He knows he won’t make it over to the bed, because his boner is already uncomfortably and quite insistently rubbing against the fly of his jeans and anyway, John wants to revisit the memory of hovering over Sherlock, his long pale neck bowed down, tendons strained, delicate white skin stretched over his spine, nearly translucent and oh so sensitive... The fine hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck is damp, curling, as it had been last night...
“Condoms?” Sherlock asks, sounding unsure. They usually don't use them, but in this context it might add authenticity. And it's less messy. Sherlock doesn't care what the chamber maid might think the next morning, but he's not entirely sure if he'd like come oozing out of his arse.
Suddenly, plush lips ghost over John's mouth. He parts his lips instantly, and a wet tongue slides in. This very effectively helps to silence them both. 'Bloody genius,' John thinks, licking into the stranger's mouth. Their tongues entwine; John feels the pleasure building in his gut as the hand between his legs speeds up while an eager tongue simultaneously fucks his mouth. John can almost taste how close he is, and becomes dimly aware that he might come in his pants any second now. As if on cue, his assailant drops to his knees, swiftly opens his fly and takes him into his mouth.
Irene came by tonight. She's trying to bring me together with a member of the Polish resistance. But they are very cautious. It will take some more time to gain their trust.
“Just feeding you your own medicine, Doctor.” Sherlock's voice is deep and lascivious and John can feel his body vibrating with it.
John desperately wants to reach out and simply touch him, hug him but despite coming down the man's throat a mere ten minutes ago, such a comforting gesture seems far too intimate right now.
There are interesting accounts of experiences of gay men in wartime blackout London in Hugh David, On Queer Street, p 146-150. I always wanted to use those anecdotes for a story, and this prompt seemed a good opportunity.
His musings are interrupted by Sherlock stumbling into their sitting room and if John had ever thought that it would be fun to see his flatmate off his face, thereby losing his ability to come across as elegant, even when up to his elbows in stomach content or pig intestines, he's about to discover that the opposite is true: Sherlock is so unlike his … well, for a lack of a better term, let’s say … normal self that it's unsettling and quite disturbing.
The week was hell. I have to compile lists of people. I don't want to do this! I tried to act clumsy, losing papers, messing up the index. But I have to be careful. They need to trust me. If they get suspicious all is lost. The things I say... I want to wash my mouth with soap every evening. I hate myself.
Shortly afterwards, however, he'd found himself sitting on the couch, staring into nothing, while visualising John with his heels tucked up against his backside, flushed chest heaving, legs spread wide, cock twitching, semen pulsing over his fingers.
“Piss off, Sherlock.” John immerses himself into the show (where, by now, a snarky jury delivers their pre-scripted mean judgements, which sounds quite appealing to John in his present sour mood) and rigorously refuses to acknowledge Sherlock leaving. Only after the door has been shut carefully does he close his eyes – the on-screen contestants forgotten - and lean his head back while trying to keep his breathing even. Sometimes he feels seriously on the brink of throttling that impossible git.
“Don't you have anything to say to that?” Sherlock asks briskly. “Something about me risking my health? Wasting my money? Don't you want to lecture me on the benefits of sobriety?”
