Dean couldn’t do anything but gape at him, listening to the very long demonstration of how much of a piece of shit he was. If Cas hadn’t mentioned the dry humor, he would have offered to take notes for his next therapy session. Instead, he swallowed and whispered :
They had lunch with Eileen twice. Whenever Dean saw her, he couldn’t stop wondering how such people could exist (and how Sammy managed to find, date and marry one ?!). She never looked down on him, never took pity. She was exactly the same as usual, genuinely happy for him to get better, not avoiding the subject but not digging either. He couldn’t have asked for better. No wonder his brother was head over heels for her. Must be kinda sweet to live with someone you get along so well with.
He couldn’t exactly say why. Maybe because there was nothing at stake ? Maybe because she already saw him at his lowest, unlike Sam ?
There was something fishy in here. It had been going on for weeks and it was driving Balthazar crazy.
Dean had to try and slow down while getting up and taking his stuff. He even cracked a not-so-bad smile before leaving.
Not to mention the weird attitude. Last week, when he came by, he found Cassie in the garden, hanging out the laundry while
Dean sat straight up in his bed like he had been kicked. That’s why he hated insomnia, his mind was wandering in places it shouldn’t. He hadn’t noticed all of that stuff. At least he hadn’t meant to. Why the hell was he thinking about that right now ?
“Better. How’re you, son ?” Bobby has always been an irritable guy. There was no human alive that could remember Bobby enjoying anything without grumbling. But once you were used to it, you could really spot the good heart and the fondness underneath all the mumbling and the bitching. “Sam told me you’re looking for a job. Again.”
With Aerosmith blasting in her ears, Jo was hopping on the steps in front of Dean’s door when a shapeless shadow on the porch railing caught her eyes. She removed her earphones as she took a closer look and gaped slightly.
First, his brother started to cook and bake stuff, since his weird question about pie baking. He brought some carnitas to a brunch, then a big plate of almost not burnt blueberry pancakes, and even a tray of egg sandwiches once. For a guy who ate microwaved food for most of his adult life, that was unexcepted. Balthazar once walked on him watching a YouTube video of some cooking influencer. When Cassie had realized he was in the room, he had closed his laptop so fast he pinched his own fingers. Balthazar roasted him for a whole week about masturbating while watching recipes on video.
By the time the plate was empty, Dean wondered how long he could hold that thing into his stomach before it turns Alien style.
The loud sniffing Jo heard when she stepped into Dean’s house made her blood curdle. That guy would be the death of her, no kidding. She let go of the takeout bag and ran into the small living room to find her friend standing there, staring into space, his face damp.
He and Dean made a good pair. Castiel discovered that his quirkiness was quite an asset with the kids. He had no prejudice towards their capacities and was a particularly good listener. But Dean knew them better and he was definitely useful for everything practical, like changing diapers and avoiding accident. He stopped Castiel when he gave Ashley a piece of carrot that was, who could have known, just the size of her windpipe. After that, Castiel started to see everything around him as a potential danger.
She didn’t have to turn her head to know that Dean’s eyes must have been as glassy as hers. It was by far the saddest thing she’s ever heard. She thought about Dean’s life, or what she’d know of it and wondered how many times he had that thought. Her hand wandered on the couch until she found his. She wasn’t cuddly but she wasn’t good with words either when things were getting serious and she felt that the last thing Dean needed right know was a sarcastic comment. She was so glad he was doing better, but whenever she had a glimpse at the deepness of his fragility, she felt like crying.
They talked for almost an hour, in the empty room of the Roadhouse, drinking coffee and eating leftovers pancakes. They talked about the running sessions, the restaurants with Sam and Eileen, the Thursday nights movies. They talked about Dean’s energy, his strength. About the way he smiled more and more, with his whole face. They talked about the road so far and the long way to go.
” and insisted on having very extensive updates as well as spying on Castiel’s phone over his shoulder on a regular basis.
He leaned to plant a kiss in her hair and started cleaning up the mess. It was amazing how fast kids could turn any tidy room into pure chaos in just a few minutes. The girls were here for less than 24 hours and he already cleaned the room like four times. He put the cushions back on the couch, made a neat pile with the books and the toys, picked up 6 spoons, 2 sippy cups and 3 plates, walked barefoot on a doll’s tiny plastic purse, managed not to scream and swept the floor while limping slightly (he was sure that the guy who invented torture had a kid with stupid tiny toys). Allison was humming a song she probably invented, very focused on her page. When Dean looked over her shoulder, she was trying to write her name on the top of the drawing. There were some missing letters, and they were not in the correct order but he was still amazed and proud and his chest felt suddenly tight.
Castiel was happy to provide, and glad that Dean grew up to trust him with that kind of things. He had to other reference to compare, he couldn’t tell if it was fast or slow, but it didn’t really matter. It was there.
Thanks to @Erkhaly and @Capt_Nettle for the prompt, the beta reading, the support and the love. And most of all : for making me watch SPN.
He seemed surprised by the answer, as if Dean weren’t the type to be kind, or polite. As every time he was seen as anything else but tough, careless or confident, Dean felt the stupid urge to joke crudely.
” ? Dean freeze for a second : where was that thought coming from ? He never had a mirror talk with himself, promising to keep coming here. It just… the situation appeared in a new light. He couldn’t say that the hypothetic sober future was an evidence but…well, the certainly drunk future was less and less appealing. Even if that meant a hell of work and crap to come.
They walked straight in the meeting room and to the buffet table. Cas opened a brown paper bag and Dean jumped on the opportunity to be civil.
He was more used to rough friendships, like the one he had with Benny, or with Bobby, or Jo. Even the relationship he had with Sam was mostly based on years of bickering. There was Eileen, of course, who was kind and considerate but he knew her for so long he forgot how they got along at the beginning. And she was married to his brother, they had no choice but to see each other on a regular basis, that was totally different.
I really hope you liked those two chapters. You can suscribe and leave a kudo, a comment... it'll give me tons of energy to write !
“Don’t fuck with me, it’s ratty and you know it” Benny knew Dean was stubborn. He also knew that even if he would never phrased it like that, Dean considered it his ‘lucky shirt’. He sighed “At least put on a jacket. And some decent shoes...”
Attached you will find my cover letter and my resume. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you would like additional information.
As soon as he got out of the car, his lungs were filled with the heavy scent of the wisteria growing on the façade. At the sound of the slamming door, two cats, a black one and a calico, escaped the porch where they were sleeping and ran under the trees.
Dean waved his hand toward his mouth to indicate, in case Castiel didn’t notice, that it was hard to talk while munching and thank God, he finally swallowed.
He liked that plaid clad Neanderthal. A lot. He couldn’t even pretend it was only physical attraction since he wasn’t the type of person to feel such things toward strangers. No, he liked the man, wholly.
He stuffed almost half of the pizza slice in his mouth and resigned to just enjoy the fact that Jo had a slice of pepperoni in her hair that she was unaware of. Revenge is a dish best savored cold.
To Castiel’s great regret, Dean was now in front of him and he could perfectly see his face falls when he saw the paper bag in his hands. That man was really bad at hiding his emotions. Castiel couldn’t even blame him, he nearly poisoned him to death. Pinching his lips, he stepped back and waved his free hand.
He just sat down, his paper plate on his lap and ate while nodding, kinda grateful that Cas was talkative enough for both of them. How awkward it would have been if they both dealt with anxiety by shutting down.
Five minutes later, they were sat on a bench under the trees, in the small park across the street. Castiel was blinking, his pie on his lap, very confused.
There was a long, uncomfortable, silence and Dean didn’t know if he was supposed to laugh or to scream. “It’s literally the first time I ever come to the libr…”
He checked everywhere : in the house, in the car, he even called the community center to make sure he hadn’t left it there. That was useless, he perfectly remembered taking off his coat and folding it on the railing at Dean’s house yesterday. And he was pretty sure he didn’t take it back when he left.
Jo wiped her eyes, still laughing softly. She could picture it : Dean looking uneasy and defensive and the other guy being overly enthusiastic. That was probably the best way to scare her friend.
And even if that answer were another proof that this man was very unsuitable, Castiel couldn’t help but smile so wide his cheeks hurts.
Well, maybe he couldn’t get his mind off of it ‘cause it was the less horrible thing of the whole experience ?
Dean felt some cold sweat running on his back under his clothes. No. No he didn’t. It was so creepy. He swore to himself that he wouldn’t let Jo sweet talk him into anything anymore.
He should have done better. He thought the only one he hurted was himself but that was foolish. What a waste…
On the side of his sight, he clearly saw Castiel opening and then closing his mouth, looking uncomfortable. The car stalled.
Charlie took a sip of coffee and grabbed her Magic 8 ball “Is the Youth Team really having a meeting ?” She shook the ball and winced “Absolutely not”.
She giggled for herself, because she wished she could have seen her own face when her co-worker told her Dean came in the afternoon for a little teatime with a guy in a trench coat. She would never ditch him to Sam but that intel didn’t fall on deaf ears. Sam’s face was priceless. She shooed him with the tea towel.
As I said, this chapter will be a bit tough. It was meant to happen, at least one time, but it doesn't make it any easier. Please don't read if you're not feeling okay. Take care.
Sammy called before ten, just out of a day-long meeting nearby, tired, hungry and not very enthusiastic about driving home in the beginning of a storm. He showed up thirty minutes later, just in time for pizza, and they ate sprawled on the couch, chatting lazily.
One of them was a guy who worn his everyday trench coat to a date and who was trying a bit too hard to win a losing battle. The second one was a guy who worn his dating trench coat while volunteering, who had an exhaustible patience and was a tiny bit sassy.
What was that crap they talked at the last meeting ? Something like breathing in through your mouth, breathing out through your nose. He wasn’t sure anymore. After thirty seconds of trying and feeling his heart beating even louder in his ears, Dean was convinced it was the reverse. He tried the other way and repeated to himself that he could just find Cas, give him back the coat and leave. That would still be a victory.
That appeared to be a wrong idea, ‘cause he already felt like laughing when the guy said “Worry not” (Who the fuck was talking like that ?) but it’s wasn’t laughter that made him spit out, thought.
Janice was trying on and off to set him up for years, and before that… well. Let’s just say his brother had never been a Casanova and it had been this way for so long Balthazar didn’t even consider he could just meet someone he liked out of the blue. Right now, he kinda wished he had pumped the breaks on the jokes.
His brother never asked for anything, it just happened to him. He wasn’t even a man yet but he had to take care of his little brother, alone, with nothing to his name and not even a comfortable roof upon their heads.
“Don’t call me that, please.” Jody rubbed her temple with her fingers, feeling the hint of a headache, and asked for the third time in five minutes “Can we start, now ?”
When Cas looked at him, with a forced expression of shock plastered on his face, Dean admitted he had it coming. He almost never apologizes, even when he should. Old habits die hard.
Well, a guy in a plaid shirt, obviously. Around forty, alone, and fidgeting with something in his hands. Castiel took a few steps forward. It could have been anyone, especially since he was sitting three hundred feet away from their meeting point.
Castiel exited the car, trying really hard no to roll his eyes. That was unfair, he shouldn’t judge him so harshly. He wasn’t good at small talk himself. He could do it; he had no problem to chat, even with strangers but he had no talent to choose the right subject, he wasn’t really interesting or witty.
The last regrets Dean may have felt vanished. It’s been a long time since someone were so enthusiastic to see him, besides Sam’s kids. Cas’s smile was contagious but Dean’s own grin grew even wider when he got a better look at the front of the t-shirt. From Cas’s chest pocket, two black ears and the end of a tail were poking out, as if the tiniest kitten were hidden inside.
Cas took the box on his lap and frowned. He turned it around and the frowning intensified. Dean blinked. What is it now ? Okay, it didn’t look neat, because he smashed the last two slices in the plastic tub and carried it in his backpack, maybe a bit upside down, but it smelled good and all. He leaned over to see what was troubling Castiel and both of them spoke at the same time.
Last november, after months of begging from my friends, I started watching Supernatural for the first time. (And I'm not done with the last season so please no spoiler ♥)
That was a nice morning, the lingering chill of the night made the running quite comfortable. They followed their usual route, down the river to the park. There were a few other joggers there, enjoying the silence only broken by the singing of the birds, and the beautiful light of a summer sun rising slowly. Forty-five minutes later, they slowed down in front of his house and Jo grinned back again as she laid her eyes on the porch. Exasperation sparkled in Dean’s eyes when she stretched with a giggle.
She texted him every day and he made a point not answering when she mentioned Tinder. How was she supposed to coach him through it if he didn’t tell her anything ? She tried again when they were running but he grinned at her.
But nothing seemed to work, not the sweet talks, not the loud fights, not Eileen’s genuine concern, not the AA brochures. Nothing.
Unlike the gentleman he usually was, Castiel pushed her to the side and stormed out of the room, but not fast enough to avoid Janice’s astounded voice stuttering behind him.
The fair seemed to be a good idea. The weather was nice, not quite warm at that time of the year but Castiel preferred it to the heat waves of the summer. He already felt slightly sweaty from the nervousness, so the cool breeze was welcome.
As usual, I would be glad have your opinion about the story or about my writing, if you spot any mistakes please let me know !
Dean fell back on the bed and closed his eyes, smiling at the familiar and homey sound. “Hey Bobby, I’m fine thanks, how are you ? It’s nice to hear your voice …”
Castiel wasn’t listening anymore. The idea of him being busy inside with someone was so obviously a joke to everyone, it was really rubbing salt in the wounds.
The voice was sharp, defensive. That “Big Brother” status was a strong and opaque armor that Dean put on one day and never took off. When they were younger, it was probably a matter of life and death, yeah. Now they were both adults, Sam would have preferred them to be just brothers, without hierarchy of any kind. Close siblings, with a deep connection and an unshakable trust in each other would have been perfect. Boy, he would have done anything to get Dean out of this downward spiral. He should have tried earlier, but he always thought that Dean would find his own way, when he’d be done helping him. Sam was now married for 6 years, they had two kids, that should be enough for Dean to consider him settled. He knew his brother was a great guy, smart, witty, funny, caring in his own gruff way (when he wasn’t totally soaked in beer).
His resolution crumbled three seconds later, when he held the plate to Dean, who took it, his raspy hand covering his own fingers for a second. Dean’s eyes met his for longer than necessary and Castiel had to blink a few times before remembering that he should let go of the cookies.
Olivia ran her fingers through her short hair. That pie thing escalated quickly. Apparently throwing it away wasn’t the solution. Castiel was now convinced there were never enough of it and brought a double batch, twice a week.
This chapter is so very dear to me ♥ Even if it's an alternating POV, this story showed way more of Dean's life than Cas'. But I have all of this picture in my head for a loooong time and I'm so glad I found the right moment to use it and show it to you.
Dean rested his elbows on his knees and pinched the bridge of his nose with his free hand. Jo wiped her greasy fingers on her jean, since Dean was priority on the towels, and moved her ass to the couch, just besides him. She slid her arm around his shoulders and lost the joking voice.
Even if he planned to give it back and leave, in order to avoid ending up alone, grumpy and anxious in the middle of a barbecue, Cas decided otherwise. He grabbed his elbow and dragged him to the tables, asking if he was hungry.
And that schedule’s change ? His volunteering hours at the community center were Tuesday, 18 to 21 and Saturday 10 to 13, for ten fucking years. Balthazar was sure about it. He came at his brother’s house enough, always uninvited, to know very well when his brother was there, or not (depending on what he wanted to do there). And suddenly, just like that, Cassie switched Saturday mornings for Thursday evenings ? He even had the nerves, when Balthazar pointed that out, to answer that it was not that regular and that he already changed a few times before. That little bastard was so full of shit.
He stopped in the middle of an alley because he could actually find tons of possibilities to screw up everything even with a plan that simple. He was only through the fifth stupid item that came to his mind when he spotted a plaid shirt sitting on a bench.
A long silence followed. Cassie was looking at his phone, clearly considering the conversation was over, and Balthazar was left speechless.
The guy slide beside his office and sat on his chair. “I met Donna and Missouri, but the other guy in her office is late, I think ? And the manuscript librarian is on holidays. Mrs Mills has an appointment at the city hall, I’ll see her later. The youth librarians are having a meeting. There is a “do not disturb” sign on their door.”
But there he was, a forty-year-old man feeling like shit because some guy just said no when he offered his help. That was ridiculous. He tried to shake the awful feeling that was creeping under his skin while Cas continued to talk.
Dean gaped for a second, then ran his hand over his mouth and looked at his shirt ‘cause he couldn’t keep his eyes on Cas. He heard Jo’s chiming voice in his head
A hundred feet away, Dean and Mr. Accountant were having a heated conversation. They stare at them through the windshield and Sam suddenly craved some popcorn.
Chuck chose that moment to come in with a bunch of random papers between his hands. He tripped on the doorstep, his glasses almost falling from his nose and “Sorry, the neighbor’s dog stole my keys. What did I miss ?”
Jo quickly reached into her pockets to find some tissue while Dean gargled something unintelligible while gesturing to his phone in his right hand.
For a moment, he thought he could never go outside the car. Time was stretching and he felt heavy, numb. What if it turned out wrong ? What if they fight ? If Dean loses his temper again ? His hands were gripping at the wheel so hard it hurts. He let his head fall forward, so hard that it sent the horn, making him jump on his seat. When he turned his head, Sam was looking right at him with a big smile on his face.
And now he was buying clothes ? Cassie was never buying clothes, for fuck’s sake. Someone had to force him to do it every two years, when he had holes in his shirts and looked like an office worker who became homeless after his wife flew away with his boss and the Labrador. Even then, he only bought some random clothes at Costco. And now he went to fucking Banana Republic to buy a three hundred dollars trench coat ?
The anxiety made her voice higher than usual. Please. Please. Please. If Dean were dead drunk somewhere on the floor, she would never get over it. Never. The kitchen was empty too, but a plaintive growl in the bathroom made her run.
Dean parked the car and turned off the engine but didn’t make a move to go out. He sighted very loudly and Castiel narrowed his eyes, already irritated.
And he fucking ate the whole crap like a champ’, munching through hell with a smile. He wasn’t even sure that should be called a pie. It sure looked like one but everything else was wrong. The crust tasted somehow salty and was overcooked on the top, dry and stodgy. On the bottom, it was soggy and almost raw. And in between was a no-man’s-land of acid apples, clumsily chopped and unevenly cooked, coated in too much sugar. Dean had to chew every bite for a long time before he could swallow.
“What do you mean ?” Dean looked down at his denim clad legs. That was the most appropriate piece of clothing into his entire duffel bag. Still crisp and pristine, barely a year old. “It’s a brand-new pair of jeans !”
In the middle of the parking lot, Cassie stopped and closed his eyes like a man in prayer. Apparently, he was considering walking for two hours instead of being stuck with his brother for twenty minutes. Balthazar walked toward his car and held the door open.
That was nasty. Dean was kneeling over the toilets, grasping the seat so hard his knuckles were white and his back was jerking with violent jolts. He must have heard her cause he tried to lift his head and talk but it ended up in a strangled gurgle.
But with Dean sat on his couch for the very first time, he suddenly felt hyper aware of the weirdness of his interior. He liked his home very much, even if almost all his belongings came from secondhand shops and every item put together made absolutely no sense.
Fuck. That was setting the bar very low. He closed his eyes for two seconds and gave himself a mental slap.
I think this is a bit because you said you agreed to help me with the interim as long as there wouldn’t be a new Head of the Library, but that you were “not good with human stuff”.
Dean tiptoed out of the bedroom and closed the door very slowly. Ashley was sleeping soundly, so Allison and he should have two hours of freedom ahead of them.
Everything he ever made was for him. Every sleepless night, every extra hour at the garage, every meal he’d skipped when they were broke. EVERYTHING.
Balthazar stormed outside after his brother, laughing like a maniac. He knew something was going on but he never expected such a chaotic revelation.
Eileen smiled knowingly and watched him as he got up without an answer, brushed the grass of his pants and suddenly ran toward the pool while taking of his shirt.
Charlie felt more than eared the loud thumping noise that followed. Removing her headphones, she leaned a bit and saw a big guy in the door frame, rubbing his shoulder.
So many things could go wrong in two weeks. Dean could go further on that self-destruction highway, he could get into an accident or cause one, he could disappear or...
She ignored the scandalized gasp that escaped Dean’s mouth, behind her. Castiel was frowning and casted a suspicious look at both of them.
Wenesday, time for a new chapter ! I just finished writing this part, so I updated the chapters count. Maybe I should post two chapters for every update ? What do you think ?
Even after a warm shower, snuggled up in the couch in worn-out clothes, with Jo around making some weird ass tea and giving him disgusting meds, he still felt awful : nauseous, shivering from time to time and exhausted.
They ended up both with running noses and the crappy paper towels were long gone. She brought back a toilet paper roll for each of them and mentioned therapy for the first time, because it was the very first time that her friend seemed in the right mood to process that. One hour later, they were dozing off in front of old Scooby-Doo episode and Jo considerably lightened the mood when she pointed out loud that Dean’s voice sounded like he had spent the whole evening sucking dicks.
Castiel is not in need of any help, and he starts to get fed up to be seen as this socially disabled person when he's doing fine. 'cause he's doing fine, isn't he ? People don't need to know about all the awkward details.
Oh, he was playing that game ? Eileen’s smile widened and she started humming a very cheesy song. Dean crunched her nose and she burst out of laughter. It was too easy, really. She won every time.
Eileen’s eyes were wide open and full of concern under her frowned brows. Sam hadn’t moved much, he hadn’t turned on the light or made any noise but she seemed to have a radar for his distress. It wasn’t the first time she awakened in the middle of the night to find him lost in his (anxious) thoughts. He would have preferred to keep his face away from her but he turned slightly so she could see his lips.
And there, seated on his stained couch, hunched over his bloody foot, forty years old Dean Winchester started removing the broken pieces of glass of his flesh while sobbing like a child.
Castiel was used to that. Somehow, people often were uneasy around him, at first. He couldn’t say why exactly : he wasn’t impressive in any way. They should feel like that around Dean : he was not only bigger but also meaner looking.
As Cas rumbled about the food, the vegetarian and vegan options, the gluten free alternative and all the food allergies represented at the community center, Dean wondered if he was nervous. He did the same the first time they met, about the beehives and… he couldn’t remember well. It must be said that he wasn’t really listening, at that time.
Fifteen minutes later, Balthazar unparked from the driveway with a sullen Cassie beside him, sulking at his coffee cup.
He knew the weariness, the fear of not doing well enough, the anxiety of having the entire life of one another in his hands, the wrench between wanting to do the best for the kids and not wanting to be too demanding, the constant judgment of others. He knew all that willingly, because he wanted kids. And he’s got the chance to live all those nerves wrecking experiences with someone wonderful by his side, in the comfort of a home, with two nice incomes, and only when they decided they were ready for it.
Castiel did not know the guy well enough to predict his reaction : he could burst into laughter or leave the spot right away, for all Castiel knew. That did not really matter, his mind was at peace. He made it right by explaining the misunderstanding.
The rewards were nice too. The meetings with Sam were now a weekly thing, and he realized how much he’d missed his brother. That was a weird thought : he had always been in touch with Sam, besides those few weeks after their argument. But now he was really
Charlie turned to Meg with a smile that didn’t reach her eyes “That doesn’t necessarily mean they made a bad choice. I don’t recall there was anyone from the library at your interview and look how great it turned out.”
Every time they met, she saw a bit more of her old friend. Less numb, more witty. Bad puns came back. He was gaining his confidence back and she was thrilled about it.
Jo is still alive because Dean loves her very much but he will never let her set him up to anything, ever again. She regrets nothing though, that was hilarious.
Just in case, Balthazar checked that the automatic closing system was on. He didn’t think he was annoying enough to make someone jump out of a moving car, but maybe he had some self-esteem issues.
Dean still felt a bit uncomfortable around Cas, but not for the same reasons as before. The guy was clearly an acquired taste, but Dean was used to him now. The problem was he didn’t know how to act around him. Cas was a nice man, thoughtful, caring and he was clearly trying to become friends with him. And…well, that may be sad to say but Dean never had someone like that around.
He never was the best uncle, forgot a couple of birthdays, and he was late to a Christmas party or two. He even missed Ashley’s first talent’s show because he was hangover. But all in all, they had tons of fu…
Sending a text did not seem like a big deal, now. Castiel still took his time to write a long message, correcting his words several times before pressing send.
No one was laughing anymore. The room was dark, except for the TV screen, still playing some random movie on mute. She heard Dean trying to swallow the lump in his throat.
Suddenly nauseous again, he leaned back on the couch and Jo bat her hands as to close the discussion.
A quick check at the gravel driveway revealed a second pair of tire tracks and that was enough to make her broke into a huge grin.
Jo noticed Dean wanted to say something else but he had that constipated face he made from time to time since she knew him. It usually meant he needed some liquid courage and less than one hour after, he used to be wasted enough to talk her ear off. Now that this were no longer an option, it seems like her friends was stuck, carving each and every word forever instead of letting it fall out of his mouth. She tried to help a bit and asked :
I hope you'll like this chapter, there is few paragraphs that make my heart ache, but in a good way !
Aaaand a second chapter today, because I feel like I have to apologize for the last one ? And I really like where it's going now ! I hope you'll enjoy it ♥
When he joined him in the kitchen, he offered his best fake big brother smile and grabbed a tea towel to help. Or to look like he wanted to help.
But for some reason, right now, Sam was the one who was there for him. Sam was his friend, and Sam would, if not understand, would at least be the right person to listen.
"Not quite, Dean." Livvie smugly told him, winking to Cas from across the room as he watched her with silent rage.
“No.” He smiled, watching Dean’s face in the candlelight. Dean may not like it, but he was absolutely beautiful. “What about you?”
But he wasn't. No-one was by the water. It was deserted, looking for all the world like a normal lake. As if nothing had ever happened there.
"She's human by a technicality. And we tend to forget that little rule when they're particularly annoying."
Shaking his head, he unzipped his pants and pulled them off, suppressing a groan at the pressure against his engorged flesh, and the freedom once the material was removed. He pulled off his underwear too, and watched with mild curiosity as the offending appendage bounced slightly, the air cool around it.
He reached round and closed the door behind him, before turning back to admire the view. Livvie was laying back onto the car seats, looking up at him, a wicked grin on her face. Her blonde hair was splayed back across the seat, and her brown eyes twinkled in the dull light. Her top was hitched up, skin showing up to where her ribs began, and the fabric was pulled taut across her chest.
.” She told him. This wasn’t what she’d been expecting out of the night. “Have you heard of Internalised Homophobia?” She asked, and Dean shook his head. “Look, I’m no coming-out Jedi Master or anything, I used forums online when I was figuring all this out but somehow I don’t think that’s your jam, even if you did pick up HTML pretty well.”
“Well I’m still around.” He half joked, only half. Cas quirked an eyebrow, and Dean grinned. “Don’t usually do that, I tend to leave after the bell rings.”
She’d said, and he’d been grateful. He remembered that dim awareness that this was something he wouldn’t have the courage to do, to let happen if he’d been sober, but he’d been happy.
“If you’d’a taken me to the to the Wild West a little earlier it mighta worked. You’d look good in a Stetson.” He admitted. He felt a sudden urge to lean in and kiss him, like he’d already grown so used to doing.
And turned to the stalls. He’d picked up a trowel with measurements and tested the sharpness of the blade with the pad of his thumb. The conversation was over, if Dean wanted it to be. That suited him fine, mostly, to be able to put this away for now. He didn’t need an answer right now, but he wanted one soon.
Cas didn't hesitate this time. Not knowing what else to do, he scooped the lighter from the floor, and in less than a fraction of a second he was across the room, dropping the lighter into the basket as he sunk to the floor, the sheer act of this minor use of grace painful. Apparently, even teleporting was a huge drain. He forced himself to look back to the bookshelf, where he could see the spirit go up in flames, and Dean fall back against shelves, breathing heavily.
Dean returned his gaze to Sam. "You sure about that?" He asked incredulously; despite the fact that his little brother was an overgrown, very skilled and deadly hunter, he still didn't like the thought of him working a case on his own. Having an easy job with backup is better than having a challenging case with none. That's the sort of thing that gets people like them killed.
of, of…. of everything that rushed over him? Every muscle in his body seized yet his hand wouldn’t stop moving, body moving on instinct and chasing pleasure. He could feel every part of himself, every tip of a digit, every follicle, every pore, he filled out his body from within as he gasped in what felt like his first breath.
He let them come to him; demons so eager to kill that they didn't bother trying to lure Sam away from the spot he was guarding. He destroyed them easily, taking out the taller one first whilst using his sheer size to keep the smaller at bay.
Sam scoffed, picking up the one bottle he’d had tonight and dropping it in the recycling he and Cas had set up. He pulled on his jacket, bracing himself against the chill outside and left the cabin. Dean hunched slightly at the draught that crept in, but Cas actually found it a little refreshing in the heat of the cabin, the dry air from the fire.
“Damn right. I wanna get my hands on that stove.” He sighed, looking at its sheer size. “I’m gonna roast a bird.”
"Shame that." The demon said. The vessel it was using was barely more than a child, a red-headed boy of 19 years. He'd come in for an appendectomy. Peter, his name was.
"Hey, Cas?" Sam called over. Cas looked up, slight confusion on his face, still not understanding the film, even with the help of the blurb. "You wanna help make dinner?"
She turned on the TV and cracked open the beer. Curling her feet under her on the sofa, she channel surfed, watching old reruns of a TV show filled with beautiful people with petty problems. It was annoying, and it was soothing.
It had been roughly half an hour since the film had finished. Dean was currently on the phone to Garth, Cas was standing at the window, DVD case in hand as he read the back, fidgeting slightly. Sam looked over as he pulled old equipment from the drawers and cupboards, rinsing them thoroughly.
In a few hours Dean would wake up from a nightmare, Sam knew, so he left to run in the meantime. He'd be back before sleeping beauty woke up.
Sam frowned at Dean's indignancy. "yeah, but..." The younger Winchester sighed, lowering his laptop lid. "He's given everything for you. Multiple times. He clearly feels strongly for you, one way or another."
These didn't seem too bad. He was twitching, he was muttering, he was saying Cas's name. It wasn't unlike the dreams he had when Cas first left, when he had first let loose the Leviathan's and vanished under the water. They weren't as bad as the nightmares that Dean had when had first returned from hell, the ones that he'd wake up from screaming, but Sam had an inkling that Cas had helped to soothe those.
"So Dean's not coming? He's so changeable!" Livvie smiled, glancing around the room, getting only blank stares in return. "No? No British TV fans here?" She pouted. "You should educate yourselves."
Cas visibly drooped, body apparently feeling the ache and tiredness of being stationary and strained for so long. Dean took the opportunity to pull his hand away, wiping the damp onto his jeans as Kirsty began to carefully clean the ink off.
Cas shook his head, beginning to move to the bathroom. "Hustle is a verb, Dean; you can't 'get it on'."
Cas practically rolled his head to look at him, the movement so liquid and languid that Dean was suddenly aware of how tense he was himself. Polar opposites, right now.
Cas stepped back, hands leaving Dean, and it took everything Dean had not to chase him, to get his hands and lips back on him and never letting go. He wouldn’t usually stop at this point, he’d take and be taken and follow those beautiful feelings until they both collapsed in a sweaty pile of-
otherwise. He had deep purple eye-shadow smeared above his eyes, smudged wide now, and dark shadow lining his lower lids, a lot less but smudged in a way that made his look like a damn raccoon. He leaned in and could see crap coating his eyelashes too, caked on and curving them upwards, longer
“Or about…. Cas?” Sam winced as he asked, hearing the silence at the other end of the line. He remembered a friend back at Stanford, Paul, and the conversations they used to have about gender theory, queer politics. It was a long time ago, 2004, but he remembered one night where Paul had been talking about the, what was it, the performative art of masculinity? And Sam had thought of Dean, had though, heh, that would explain a few things. He’d told Paul about Dean, and Paul had laughed and said
"Shut it." Dean said. He pulled the car onto the pavement, getting out and walking towards the bar that he had been in the night before. Sam rolled his eyes and moved to get out too, but Dean soon returned. "He's not there."
you, Dean, to keep you as my own. No other angel would touch you, use you, own you… nor would you let them.” He looked up at Dean under his lashes, and Dean’s mouth was suddenly dry. “
“Yup. Just testing the waters.” He told her, careful with his words. Give her too much detail and she might see through it, seeing as he couldn’t exactly say
"Did not," he gestured with the box, and Cas leaned forwards, trying to read it as it moved. He caught glimpses, a dark background with an arrow on the front. No, the insignia from the uniforms, Cas realised.
"I'm a little busy right now, darling." He replied, completely oblivious to the blood splatter that sprayed across his suit.
Cas weighed it up for a second, looking Dean up and down, eyes lingering for a second at the crotch, still shielded from view. “Well, despite all historical evidence to the contrary…” He mused, eyes slowly moving back up to Dean’s own. “I’m beginning to suspect you might actually enjoy following orders.”
“It’s not your fault,” Cas approximated a shrug, and glanced up at Sam. “Unless it is, in which case I would certainly appreciate an explanation.” He attempted a wry smile, which turned genuine as he saw Sam catch it. He was getting better at jokes, he could tell.
"I've never put one on without angelic assistance." He muttered, and Dean couldn't help but look up, smiling at the quip.
Dean sighed, opening his door and climbing out the car, gesturing for Cas to follow, walking forwards so Cas had no choice but to follow. Which he did, because what else has Cas ever done? Cas hurried to catch up with him, seeing Dean join the line for entrance, looking for all the world like he fit right in.
Okay? Not exactly. His heart was still beating a mile a minute, he was still panting, and the concern in Dean's eyes wasn't making him feel any better. Oddly, the warm weight of his hand around his ankle was.
“I didn’t mean to imply that.” Cas said slowly, trying to piece it together. He knew Dean was struggling with the idea of being with someone in a male form, of what it meant about him, his worth in his gender. But Cas had meant it, and hadn’t thought it through. “To me the concept of beautiful is genderless. When I think of beauty I think of the sunset, or the Grand Canyon. I think of you.” Dean flushed again, and Cas smiled as he watched it make the freckles shine. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
He told her that he took a shot today and got turned down, and she gave a sympathetic sigh, talked to him about something that he didn’t really listen to.
“Yeah, that’ll be it. We save the world again, and again, and this is what we get. We can’t even get used to anything, we can’t make friends, we can’t….” Be careful, Dean. “Everything gets taken away from us, and we can’t get used to anything other than….”
Sam left a note for his brother in case he woke up before leaving the room and walking to the car. As much as he needed to be strong for his brother, the sight of his friend laying like that on the bed, motionless, in a state of personal purgatory... it was hard to take.
“How do you feel about learning how to do stitches?” Sam asked, peering at it. The position would be awkward.
He wanted to put that ring on Cas’s finger. He wanted to stake that claim to him, to know that Cas was his, for as long as he was allowed. He wanted to be good enough, goddamnit he wanted to try. He couldn’t not try.
Dean considered them, and picked out a thin one. Cas tilted his head as he watched Dean put it into the lock in the door.
“So I tried my luck, sue me. I liked the guy, thought we could have some fun downstairs.” Crowley threw his hands up in exasperation. “It’s not my fault he didn’t read the contract.”
That was the crux of it, wasn’t it? That’s what Cas was saying. Cas deserved better than to be dragged along by Dean, to have something for one night and then for Dean to flip the tables the next day. He’d be constantly waiting for the next twist and he’d hurt Cas each time. Cas deserved so much better than Dean.
When dinner was served Cas was sore, new muscles used that Cas could only guess at names for, suddenly exhausted. But Dean was so happy, so eager to pile food onto Cas’s plate and for them all to devour the bacon-wrapped turkey and roast potatoes and gravy and mash and-
"Did you think they were still going to be there?" He asked, nodding over Cas's shoulder when he received nothing but a confused look. "Your wings?"
"Oh, Dean!" She cried, charging towards the hunter and wrapping him in a hug. "I'm sorry, sweetheart."
until the moment where he can’t force that forwards any more. It perplexed Castiel every time, knowing that he Dean was lying but unsure how to help, what to do, the correct way to help his friend. He could follow this example, but it sounded exhausting, and somehow he knew Sam wouldn’t buy it. “I’m… frustrated.” He finally decided. “This body is weak, and the world it lives in is tough. I’m going to be asking a lot of it, and somehow that’s reliant on my own resilience, which I worry is waning.”
Dean squeezed his fingers again, and Cas stroked a thumb over his knuckles. “Did I ever thank you for that?” Dean asked.
"Hey!" Dean cried. "It's a classic. And have you seen Rufus's collection? There ain't much to choose from, unless you want me to show Mister Purity-Ring up there some NC17 stuff."
“At least I got two hands. I’ll be fine. Maybe you should catch some zee’s though, in case I need you to tap in.”
“Sam, cold spot.” He announced, and Sam looked up, drawing his gun. Cas followed suit, but no one immediately appeared.
“I, uh, nothing specific?” Sam seemed nervous, and Dean narrowed his eyes. “I don’t know what you guys have done,” Dean raised his eyebrows. “Or not done. I just… have eyes?”
"Human's are quaint. They can be arrogant, annoying and self righteous, but they are wonderful... it's almost worth giving it all up for..." She gasped, and slapped her forehead. "Silly me! I forgot why I was actually down here!"
Not enough to let her continue. Not when she had Dean pinned up against the wall, attempting to pry the life from him.
But Sam knew that Dean was hurting. Sure, Dean had improved slightly, but he was still torn apart inside over it. What if Sam pushed Dean too far. What if Cas never woke up and Dean...
She whistled. “You’ve got a lot of weight on bartending there. You can’t get that life in the office?”
Looking up, he saw his brother and his friend staring at him. Cas was now topless, the green fabric in his hand, one second away from jumping in to help.
"That would be unnecessary." Cas told him. "I just need to find the vessel..." The angel stumbled, despite Sam's strong hold, as her knees gave way. Dean got up, and, putting his personal feelings aside for a second, gave up his spot on the rock. Cas gratefully sat down, and looked out to the lake. There was a few minutes of silence, before Sam awkwardly cleared his throat.
Cas looked up at Dean, eyes meeting. Dean could barely see them in the dark, and the light from the moon cast them almost grey, but to Dean they shone, bright and blue.
.” He was firm, staring him down before pushing past, and he heard Dean’s footsteps behind him. “No one else is available.”
“No. You.” He firmly answered, holding Dean’s eyes. “From the second I saw you I realised how hurt you were, how special you were, how wonderful. And from that moment you became my utmost priority, everything was about
Dean hung up, knowing the conversation was over, and dragged himself back to the chair. He didn't remember closing his eyes, he barely remembered hitting the lumpy furniture. Sleep arrived in an instant.
He squinted, seeing a glass of water placed on the nightstand in easy reaching distance. He knew he probably hadn't had nearly enough forethought to put it there himself, so he guessed it must have been Sam, taking pity on him. He can't have behaved too badly last night, then, despite the monster of all hangovers. If this hangover had a name it would be called Zachariah.
He started stroking his hand up and down the outline of Dean’s dick, and a whimper escaped his chest, pinned there under Cas’s determined ministrations. He wasn’t gonna come like this, just a hand over the clothes, not even fucking reciprocating, he wasn’t, but his head lolled back against the wall and he groaned when Cas upped the ante, started grinding, and then started kissing against Dean’s neck. And when Cas’s hand skimmed along his ribs, finding a nipple again and rubbed it, flicked it, Dean gripped Cas’s waist and bit down on his lip
Cas sighed. This would, yet again, be another point of contention between the two of them, a point to drive them further apart. When the rumours start to spread, when Cas is mocked, and likely Dean too for his affiliation, Dean would be angry, and defensive, and disgusted by what he hears. And disgusted in Cas for putting up with it. It would be a reminder of the difference between them, the one that appears to just keep growing wider. So, Cas tore his eyes away from Dean, from that beautiful face, those forest green eyes, the dusting of freckles across his face, pale now in the winter but come summer would shine again. He held his tongue, summoning the strength to move on, to turn away, to tend to tasks that weren’t Dean, weren’t everything he’d lost. Just one more second, and he’d turn away.
you didn't get pie?" Dean barked at Sam as he emptied the bag, scrambling to find the promised pastry. "It was literally the only thing I asked you to get!"
"He's been gone for some time." Cas explained. "Do you recall the time that I carved these sigils into my chest?"
He’s fought side by side with Dean on many occasions. He knows Dean in a fight, his moves, some of his tells. He knows Dean is purposeful, resourceful, and will not give up until his body can give nothing more. He’s logical, reasonable, and when the mood strikes, vicious.
He was uncomfortably close to Cas, close enough to see the pores of his skin, the faint, purple shadows beneath his eyes, the dry chap of his lips. He'd been this distance from the angel many times before, Cas having little concept of personal space, but this was different. This was Dean invading.
“No, no, what are you doing with that?” She asked, looking back up at Dean. “I knew this was a bad idea-”
“Blood of the legacy.” Cas murmured, frowning as he pieced it together. “I think that means the two of you?”
"We are not buying you chick-clothes." Dean told him, spinning on his heel and holding up a finger in his face. "No." He picked up a random shirt, holding it up against the man, swapping it back and forth with another. "Medium." He decided.
"It would really help if you actually did something." She bit back. Sitting up, she kissed the hunter and wrapped her arms round his neck, pulling him down on top of her.
?” He’d asked, and Sam had paused in thought. The conversation shifted, and Dean looked to Cas for a minute, grateful, catching his eye with a small smile.
“And I’m thinking… there’s gotta be a better way to do this. We’ve got the army, NSA, got the police force-” Dean pulled a face, which she shrugged off. “The FBI… all of it’s focused on humans. None of it is actually tackling this underbelly. It’s all hunters making judgement calls.”
"You're not coming?" Garth finished. "Yeah, he said. Man, what's up with that? You love a good hunt!"
"I'm not sure how." He heard him say, confusion clear in his tone, and Dean chuckled at the visual image. He sat up, peering over, able to make out a little more in the dark before, could see the bulk of his friend in the bed, sitting up slightly, a hand at his face, touching the wet tracks.
“Yeah, we’ve let some go in the past,” Sam said with a sigh. “But you get that a lot of these eat humans, right? We’re food.”
“Yes.” That was fair. “I am not a child. I am capable, I can fight, I can hunt, I can be a functioning human being.”
“Again?” Cas thought back to the bunker where his phone lay on the table. Charlie seemed to never be without her phone, an extension of her like the blade once was to him. For Cas, the phone was a human frivolity, and had thus far been unnecessary to keep a close eye on as his two, now three, friends were always in speaking distance. With Charlie’s departure he may have to keep a closer eye on the contraption.
“You saying there’s nothing else there between you two?” She raised an eyebrow at him, smirking. “Cos he’s protective of you too.”
Cas was quiet for a few seconds, and Dean felt the space between them maw open. God, how fucked was he for getting a
"Cos she's a sadistic bitch, that's why." Dean chimed in. "She's trying to make him scared. She's torturing him."
Cas was keening above him, Dean’s name coming out high and half lost in gasps and noise but still there, and Dean opened his eyes again, looking up and meeting eyes so intense his hand faltered on his cock… Cas was a
“Humans have been farming for over twelve thousand years, sixty years won’t have made a significant difference.” Castiel cooly replied.
He now turned a corner in the road and, almost blissfully, Dean finally saw more signs of life than houses and a post office. He was being led onto a high street with shops, and, of course, a bar. He almost smiled, but hit a moment of hesitation when he saw the highly inconvenient name of the bar on the sign: The Angel.
Her face turned sour. "Because YOU asked him to." She spat. "He was helping you on your selfish mission. He did everything you asked of him!"
Dean blinked. "Probably for the best then." He muttered. Cas didn't speak for a minute, leaving Dean at a loss for words. Cas had looked away from him by now, but was also not looking at himself again. Instead, he was looking down, but not at anything in particular. Dean didn't know what to do. He wasn't great at these moments, talking about feelings, the emotional crap. He was far better at the practical approach; a bottle of whiskey and a pat on the back. Sam would've known what to say.
It’s for the best, he supposed; he really couldn’t carry on discussing Cas’s penchant for dominance if he wanted to will away this hard on before Sam got back to the car. “Nothing yet, why?”
He’s seen how Dean responds to questions like this, the brush off, the determination to present everything as
“Oh,” Sam’s head shot up, glancing between the two of them, shooting an awkward look at Dean. Ouch. “Yeah, sure?”
“I think he’s thinking about getting out. He’s been talking like this a while, he even tried a couple years ago with someone, Lisa, but it didn’t work out. But this is different. It’s funny. I was always the one who wanted the apple pie life, like you wanted, and Dean was always the hunter. But now…. I love this life. I don’t wanna quit, I don’t wanna settle down and get out of it. I feel like I make a difference, but Dean… his heart isn’t in it anymore.”
Castiel's appearance from the lake should have been special, it should have been something that was watched with marvel, and preferably with a touching soundtrack to tug at the heartstrings. It should have been graceful, like in the movies, and Dean and Sam should've been watching.
"Uh, Cas." Sam breathed out. He wasn't sure how Dean would react to him telling Garth, though he could guess it wouldn't be particularly well, but there was something about the tiny man that just made Sam feel comfortable. Dean was right when he said that he grew on you.
"Doesn't hurt. Well..." He commented, grinning to his friend as he stepped out of the car. "It does, but you'll be fine."
It was rare that Sam went out on a hunt while Dean stayed back. It went all the way back to when they were kids; Dean would take the risks, Sammy would stay in the safety zone. John had drummed it into his head and it had never gone away. Sure, it was nice to have a few hours or days break from his lump of a brother, there was only so long you could stay within ten feet of someone before starting to feel a little lethal, but it always made him feel a bit sick to his stomach. What if something happened to Sam? What if he came back hurt? What if he didn't come back at all?
"That's what I'm going for." Dean sighed, scratching his arm, plucking at the material of his shirt. He looked down, and Sam didn't miss the expression on Dean's face. Sadness in there, always tattooed across, but also a touch of hope.
Cas nodded, stepping aside and turning to Sam. "Goodnight." He sighed, stifling a yawn, and Sam smiled back in return. They both listened as Cas climbed the steps, the plodding footsteps echoing in the creaking cabin.
"Well, Nephilim's are stronger. But, they can be controlled by their conceiver, or by God." Castiel explained. "Thankfully, she has already been stripped of her powers."
“Didn’t he like, go all vengeful god, or whatever?” Charlie asked as Dean handed her a beer, sitting down together at one of the desks. “I feel like someone who can take down half the homophobic churches in America can handle a ghost?” She blinked, taking in her words. “God, this is weird.”
Dean coughed, breaking eye contact and looking away, rubbing a hand against the back of his neck. “I, uh, I thought you were handling that pretty well on your own.”
“So Dad’s side of the family were all about this too,” Sam was saying. “He woulda been born into the life, though… not hunting.”
to do, willingly. “Are you really okay with this?” Dean asked, feeling the words comes out incredulous and judgemental. He’d aimed for caring.
"Because," Dean told her. "I will find you. If you hurt him, if you do anything, I will kill you. I won't even hesitate."
Cas tilted his head, moving on to the next display, frowning at the more gothic images before him, skulls and devils and all manner of things he would prefer not be to permanently stuck to him. "You realise that the bible says not to do this?" He reminded him, a small smile on his lips.
Sam blinked. "Well, then tell him that." He said simply, and the older Winchester stepped back, returning to his frantic pacing.
Sam wasn't in. Cas looked around in confusion for a moment, before walking to the kitchen. He could feel the winter chill beginning to bite into his flesh, but judging by the way the skin on his back was starting to itch, he decided he would deal better with the cold. Apparently the pain of initially applying the ink was not bad enough.
sexually attracted to you.” Fuck. “And I suspected you may have been attracted to me too. Was I wrong?”
Dean's voice still rung in Cas's head, each echo of it more pained than the last until it was all that he could do to not run in there and... and what? Do what? What could he do?
"What are you thinking, Sammy?" Dean asked, suddenly short tempered. Sam remembered Dean's threat, that they must never be mentioned again. He regretted bringing them up, now of all times. "That I find a nice girl and settle down with her? Have a few kids? We can't have the apple pie life, you know that."
Cas was staring at him still, mouth slightly parted. God, it was like when Cas had first landed in his life, how he stared at Dean because he didn’t know he shouldn’t, that it was weird, that it made people uncomfortable. He was the sole focus of his attention right now, and Dean was pinned under his stare, unable to get away. He felt…
He winced, thinking about how Cas had been when he'd first met him, how loyal he'd been to heaven, how certain of his cause. What had happened?
A heat was rising in Dean, uncomfortable and he was unable to get away from it as his hunters instincts flatlined, leading only to a dull, dehabilitating panic inside of him. He couldn't get to Sam without leaving Cas open for Crowley, and he couldn't push Crowley out of the way without preventing the demon from slashing Sam's throat. He was in a stalemate and he couldn't fix it as the heat rose to an uncomfortable level, until the heat hit pain.
Long after they moved to the bedroom, Jo reviewed their lifetime long friendship in her mind, and she couldn’t think of that much tipping points. There was the first time they got drunk together, a memory she had held dearly for years, even if she felt a bit guilty about it now.  That one time when Dean just destroyed the two guys in the parking lot, who were trying to get her drunk ass in their car. And the night of her dad’s death anniversary, when he found her curled up under a tree, on the riverside, when everyone was looking for her for hours. And the most recent one, that dreadly night a few months ago when Dean got shitfaced at the bar before admitting he had been sober for two weeks. But she knew she was living one of this precious moment right now, one that was bringing their relationship to a whole new level, and she drifted peacefully into sleep against Dean.
Through all the profiles Jo showed him, he went for a guy, around his age, whose face was as hidden as his in the profile picture. He seemed forward in his presentation and he too was not foolish enough to show his face on Tinder. Shop owner, brown hair, blue eyes,  if he wasn’t lying. Athletic was not a lie for sure : the guy looked ripped. And cherry on the cake : he was living about two hours away and was in town only for a few nights.
. That first time was just a shock response. Give a man a break when he’s switching bodies like switching channels.
He should probably clarify to Cas that he was talking about Dean Winchester the Fictional Character.
Cas stares at the plastic wrapped pink toothbrush for a few seconds before accepting it. The bathroom door slams shut.
Jensen will simply have to go into hiding. Go live in the mountains and become a recluse who trudges through snow and shoots black and white videos just like that good little singer, Taylor Swift.
He needs to diffuse this situation, stat. Wouldn’t want Cas to think he’s being serious about all this naked stuff. Or that there’s anything else going on in the room except hilarious nudity between best buds.
“Never have I ever had to cover up a hickey”, Jack says, before Dean can make up his mind. The moment is gone, the atmosphere changed.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and in one swift motion Cas engulfs his penis, slowly and calculatingly — almost like he’s still measuring it — into his warm, wet mouth.
Duh. No way he’s gonna put Dean. He’s not going to give these quiz makers even one hint of an advantage in assigning him his gay Hogwarts house.
He prefers to see himself painted much more… Heroically. He’s saved the world enough times, damn it. He’s damn well earned it.
“Cas-,” Dean says, and it’s the first time Sam has heard him say that name in weeks. If he didn’t know better, Sam would say he sounded
The final screen takes forever to load, and Dean's getting kind of antsy now. Not every day you’re sitting there with your best friend’s head close to your dick wondering whether strangers have parasocially assigned you Gay At Birth.
Dean clicks on it. It loads unbearably slowly. Why would Kevin send him a damn fic, hasn’t he done enough damage? The familiar font appears.
Anyway, it had been a good day. Sure, he’d thrown Cas an easy one to start with, and he was definitely impressed at the ease with which he’d thrown him… Dean was no stranger to getting chucked around in a fight - hell, he and Cas had thrown each other against a few walls over the years. It had long since become commonplace, he could crack a joke or three whenever it happened (unless he was in real trouble), and sure, maybe it was hot when a chick shoved him into a wall while they were hooking up-
"God." He whispered, absolutely dejected. Then he opened his eyes again. That was something he hadn't tried.
“Cas, if you end up dead in a fight, this will all have been for nothing.” Dean grips harder to the steering wheel, refusing to look over, shoving down memories of all the times he’d seen it happen before… walking into a lake, stabbed with a blade, blasted to atoms…
Dean finally returned to the motel much, much later. And, much like the rest of the day, the night at the bar hadn't gone as expected.
“Wow, this place is the bomb.” He heard, and looked up to see Charlie walking in, looking round in awe.
. I tried to side with the Leviathan’s, but that’s a road straight for the destruction of me, and all my kind. Not to mention all humans, all monsters.”
“And we’ve been offered an out, kinda. I don’t know if we trust it, but we’re looking into it. But Dean could get out, could have the life you wanted. I just, uh….” He sighed again, trying to picture Mom there, imagine what she would say. From what he knew about her she was a fighter, fought tooth and nail for the life she built with John. And he knew she loved him and Dean. She’d probably tell Sam to get out too, and maybe they’d argue just like he and John used to; he laughed a little at the idea. “I just thought you should know that we’re happy, and we’ve got good people. I know you wouldn’t like the life we’re living, but I think you’d be proud of us.”
He could kill her now, if he so chose. He still had some power, enough left to kill the girl; she was only human, sort of, after all. It may not be that easy, but it was doable, even with her in possession of the angel blade. But the thought of ending her, despite the repulsiveness of her very being, only made the gnawing, roiling sensation in the pit of his belly worsen. Why should she die, in all honesty? She was right to be furious, he deserved what she threatened, and more. And the abomination of a nephilim, what was that against what he himself had done, had taken into himself? If someone were to kill him, rightfully (as he thought of Balthazar's wings burnt into the floor), it may as well be her. And under that, he thought of Dean, of Dean's reaction to killing this wronged girl; somehow he knew exactly what Dean would think of him.
However, the longer he sat there, the more confused he got. Not by any of these previous thoughts, interestingly; instead he was far more confused by a strange, encroaching invasion. His head began to feel heavy, like it weighed too much for his spine to hold up. That was somewhat disconcerting.
“It could be a neighbour.” Cas suggested, and they both looked at him incredulously. “Or someone who uses the area to imbibe.”
"No, I'm not." Livvie sighed. Her fingers were now across her chest, tracing old patterns, words and symbols across herself, fingers working on instinct, on second hand knowledge.
“You know, uh,” Dean bit out, squeezing his eyes shut for a quick second before looking over at Cas. “You know that’s not easy for me. I’m not good at that.”
“Yeah, well, being dead will do that.” He shrugged, and Charlie winced, looking at him with apology written all over her face.
"Just an observation." He told him, picking another, placing it over his arm. "It's just that, gender is an almost entirely societal concept."
“Guys, seriously?” Sam called, and Dean let go of his arm, twisting round to look at his brother. “Are we training or what?”
They stayed silent for a moment, and Cas could feel Dean's eyes on his back. It was an odd sensation, the feeling of being watched, without seeing it happening. It made little logical sense.
"Bet you loved that." Sam commented, and Dean could hear clunking in the background, the unmistakable sound of metal on metal.
Was that an option? He supposed it could have been, at no point did Cas ever ask for a relationship, just that Dean be a willing an eager participant to whatever they do, no regrets. He didn’t specify morning after eggs, or lazy morning hand jobs, or real, honest sleep. He didn’t have to choose this, but he did. “Not with you.” Dean answered simply, and Cas was quiet for a minute. Dean chanced a look up at him, and Cas was smiling softly at him.
of the devils trap, deeply etched in the floor. When they had summoned him with the view of killing him it hadn’t seemed important, but it took several long minutes, and Crowley offering increasingly more and more frustrated suggestions until they figured out a method of blocking a portion of the pattern with a tool left on the bookshelves, seemingly made for purpose.
Dean didn't say anything, and Sam didn't push it. However, just a few minutes down the road, Dean conceded to stop at a diner that was helpfully placed for drivers such as themselves. Well, perhaps not exactly like them.
He placed the duffel down on the bed, the one Sam had hastily packed from the upstairs room at the cabin, almost a day ago. So much had changed since he was last there, intangible moments scattered across the way, Sam’s blood dropped in the forest, his piss on the side of the road… his
“It was fine.” He said simply, before draining the dregs of his coffee and standing up. “I should unpack.”
It took lifetimes, millennia's, and just a few seconds for it to stop. He lay there, curled on the floor, shuddering against the residual pain, not noticing the cold bleeding through his clothes.
It was safe here. Perpetual white, fluffy clouds hung the sky, keeping the warmth in and the harsh sunlight at bay. Aside from the lapping of water and the soft calls of the birds, all was quiet.
“And I can buy them wanting to kill off all the demons, who wouldn’t?” Dean sighed. “If they weren’t trying to kill off the rest of
Dean sat up, extreme frustration playing across his face, and just a hint of anger. "Can you stop talking about him? Funny enough, I don't find dicks work well as pillow talk!"
There was silence for a moment, but Dean wasn't fooled. After spending most of his life sleeping in the same room as his little brother, he knew when someone was sleeping and when they weren't. Eventually, Cas moved again, the sheets rustling as he adjusted his weight. "The cabin has thin walls."
"We have not done him a favour yet." Cas reminded. He stared at Dean, watching as the hunter paused, clearly disconcerted by the gaze from those big blue eyes. After a few seconds he sighed and put down the beer.
"You're looking a little dewy around the edges, man." He told him. "Can't mojo yourself peachy clean anymore, you're gonna have to take care of yourself."
Dean and Sam both winced, both knowing that the shot had been fired too late. She had seen it. It was over.
Dean whipped the phone away from his face for a second, looking like he was about to throw it into the lake in anger, but quickly brought it back up to his ear.
Dean just sighed, defeated. It's not like he liked the car, anyway. It wasn't his beautiful baby that was tucked away in a far corner of Bobby's scrap yard, far enough away from the house to have not been touched in the fire that destroyed the house. But it still sucked.
Sam raised his eyebrows at the long word, always pleasantly surprised when Dean said something longer that two syllables, but didn't comment. "So you think he's gonna be okay?"
The angel threw his blade towards the door, and it caught in midair, suspended in nothing, as it appeared to the boys. While it wobbled and flailed, and black splashed to the floor, Balthazar descended, a hand outstretched, and the boys looked away as the room went bright. Dean focused instead on his own knife, aiming slightly to his right as the angel had instructed, and slashed the air. It met resistance, and he dug in, shoving and gouging as his brother came to the side and used his own knife on the air, stabbing at what he supposed was the torso.
“Fuck yes.” Dean muttered, gripping hold of Cas’s shirt and pulling him closer somehow, the feeling of Cas right there, between his legs, absolutely intoxicating. When Cas stroked his thumb higher Dean sucked in a sharp breath and Cas dragged him forwards, suddenly flush against him, and Dean hooked a foot around Cas’s thigh, anchoring them both together. “Can’t believe you’re putting out on the first date.” He muttered, and he felt Cas laugh against him, lips pulling away to mouth along his neck.
Dean looked astonished, and Cas could detect a hint of anger there, though couldn’t fathom why. “You don’t care about what Crowley’s gonna say? He’s gonna tell Hell, and Heaven, and everywhere in between that he, he-”
"Jeez, okay." Dean stopped, wiping his palms on his jeans before plucking at the items he'd picked. The first, a fluorescent yellow shirt, Dean dropped behind him on the chair, shaking his head. "Yeah, way to be subtle." He said. "Great freaking beacon." Muttering, he picked the next one, a shirt that would have been fine, had it not been about twelve sizes too big. He continued to pick through, getting more and more exasperated, throwing behind him what was definitely a woman's dress, and the thing with frills on earlier.
“What? No?” He ran a hand self consciously over his face, to his eyes. He looked at Charlie, who stifled a laugh. “Charlie?”
Dean squeezed the hand. "Don't make it weird." He told him, to which the look of confusion on Cas's face only deepened, mouth dropping open slightly as he tried to understand what was happening. The act itself distracted him for a few seconds before the pain struck up again, and Dean felt the hand clutch tightly around his own, his fingers crushed together too tight. He didn't let any of this show, however; merely smiling and covering it with both of his own, not missing the small smile of appreciation that Cas gave to him.
“Um,” the pastor stammers, and Dean loosens his grip a little. Just so he can talk. “Not that I am aware of. We’re just drawing! We love the Lord’s creation!”
What if he can’t get Cas back? What if this, after everything they’ve been through together, is finally it?
But turns out the man’s just looking at his painting with a pained look on his face. Disappointed in his own artistry — that, at least, Dean can relate to. Cas’ essence is impossible to distill into a few lines.
Then, Cas rubs his thumb in his own cum and smears it around Dean’s hole, getting it all over the edges. He dips his thumb inside just a bit, and Dean just… blacks out.
Dean walks over to his duffel bag and digs around for his toothbrush. It’s in there somewhere! Shit, does he have a spare one for Cas? He’s pretty sure he does.
Dean looks at Cas. They’re standing in front of Sam not even feeling a hint of a breeze. Like they’re in the eye of a storm.
He does not want Cas to feel like it is a burden on him just to kiss him. Cas is not…. repulsive. He would never want his…. friend…. to feel that way.
. Dean can see that name strike Cas like a lashing. But he just can’t say Cas right now. All feeling of familiarity must be broken.
Over the course of the next few weeks, Dean notices Cas becoming more and more avoidant. Of course he helps research a solution for the empty Earth, but he carries a stack of library books to his room whenever Dean is around. When Dean bumps into Cas on the way from the bathroom to his bedroom, wearing only a towel, Cas looks absolutely mortified. And when Dean walks in on Cas and Jack playing chess in the war room one night, Dean feels a pang of regret and leaves.
Cas considers this. It’s true, he and Jimmy didn’t part on the best terms. Perhaps he is acting out of character - for Jimmy.
“...What you told him in his time of dying? It really was too good, Dean, I have to say. Almost like a telenovela. But a lot more pathetic.”
Dean looked away and took another sip. Behind them, the muffled sounds of Kansas’ ‘All I Wanted’ started to play..
Good thing that he’s half hard, because he wouldn’t want Cas to think he has a small dick, especially after seeing what Cas has been hiding in those reasonable slacks of his.
Dean wonders suddenly — as a witness to all of time, did Cas also notice just then how it — stopped?
Cas pulls back first, his hands leaving Dean’s skin. There’s rustling behind him as he pulls his briefs up.
It’s all going perfectly fine, he tells Jimmy in the mirror, tying his tie. He’s getting the hang of this. It’s going well. Great. Just great.
Cas tilted his head, his lips shifting, and fully caught Dean’s mouth with his. So warm. Soft. Dean made a little noise against him, and it vibrated through Cas’s whole body. It was music; his new favorite song.
Cas looks away. “Pizza man,” he mutters, and Dean has to be imagining the slight flush across his cheeks.
Sam quietly shakes his head to himself. Now that Eileen has opened his eyes, he doesn’t know how he’s been this blind. 12
Maybe he should have given him more cash before he sent him away from the bunker. Maybe he should have given him a fake credit card. Shit. Shit. The guilt slams into Dean’s chest. Why didn’t he think about any of these details?
“No, no, sorry,” Dean forces his face into a smile and takes off his shirt. He catches sight of himself in the mirror. Wow. This Jensen dude is way more ripped than him. And… no scars.
Gabriel walks up to them. This version looks a bit older, sporting a scruffy beard, baseball cap and dark-rimmed glasses. Dean scoffs. A disguise.
So Sam’s noticed some tension. So what? There’s been conflict before, and worse than this. Sam should mind his own damn business, that’s what.
Dean does feel bad for throwing him out of the bunker. He shakes off the guilt - it’s to save Sam, and one day, Cas will surely understand, he’ll explain and it will all be okay again. It’s not like he dumped the guy or something. They do have that profound bond, after all, as the fics keep pointing out between sessions of pounding. Dammit - why did he think about all of that?
He grabs a beer from the fridge next to him, allowing its soothing, cool comfort to slide down his throat.
young! Jensen cracks his old man neck. If he decided to just work out a little more he’s pretty sure he can get like, twentysomethings thirsting in his DMs on Instagram. He’s young! He’s fresh! Forty is the new twenty, the new puberty even!
There’s an images section with what looks like… obscene drawings he’s not even going to click on. Nope. Staying the fuck away from that, and actually, he should sue Google for even subjecting him to that ungodly sight.
The space itself is pretty depressing. Everything is shaded in every version of the color brown imaginable, including the carpet. There’s stacks of drab plastic chairs against one of the walls. Some of them have been removed to form a half circle before a small raised platform with a single chair on it.
And nearly has a heart attack when Sam makes a surprise return from the direction of the kitchen with more beer.
Cas pushes bravely through, and leans forward. Their lips touch, and Dean - well, for one, he doesn’t
This - this is good, Dean reminds himself. This was the goal. No moment of happiness, no Empty. They’ll escape this situation the old fashioned way, by fighting, and Dean will…. let Cas down more gently, until they’ve saved the world from Chuck, and then maybe they can travel to the Empty together and strike a new deal, and then maybe… just maybe….
The fourth time Sam isn’t as clueless anymore. He’s talked about it with Eileen extensively, first over video chat and then later as they were laying in bed.
Dean’s been the biggest dumbass that’s been born since the dawn of time. He lost track of the case. He was supposed to protect Cas, not…. Not….
Before Cas made his speech, Dean never even allowed his mind to wander that far. Cas is Cas, you know?
Sam’s still chattering from the phone’s speaker. “That’s the good thing! Just some holy water should bump it out of its vessel, apparently.”
When Cas settles on the edge of the bed across from him, stack of paper and a pencil in his lap, Dean hopes his treacherous nips aren’t perking up. Though thankfully, it’s not cold in here. The sofa’s soft fabric is also quite warm.
Dean sighs, frustrated. “Great. Just great.” He tries to put on a brave face. Okay. A few hours; how bad can that get?
When they get back to the bunker, Jensen lets Sam open all the doors because, to be honest, he’s not exactly sure how to get inside when it’s an actual building and not a set.
His heart stops as a light shatters. Dean wasn’t supposed to be here yet! Heaven was Cas’s safe haven. Good Lord. Did Dean get himself killed
The last one, he found cowering in the corner. If there was any time for ethical reflections he might have hesitated. Did he really
“Right, Cas. But um, the motel room’s actually nearby and not in the next city over. And we don’t know what you’re up against…”
The — it — Cas’ — rests on his inner leg like that’s a normal thing, or something. Dean drags his eyes away.
When Dean keeps looking at him expectantly, he takes a sip. “Mmm,” he says. “Definitely doesn’t taste like molecules.”
, something is in Dean’s eye, and he knuckles at it, hand coming away wet for some reason. He lets out an angry sigh.
“Why is that?” Claire asks, pushing vegetables to the edge of her plate before stuffing her mouth with pasta and sauce like she’s trying to break the world record for lasagna eating.
He opens the script once more, maybe he can find this ummm, scene they’re about to record? Learn his lines?
Dean quickly interrupts. Can’t have her getting mad. “He means we did you a favor with Billie, that’s all. Just… tell us where he is, please?”
When Cas replies, he sounds disappointed. “Dean. Your body is just a vessel. You are so much bigger on the inside. There is so much more to define yourself with there.”
Cas presses a flat hand to the middle of Dean’s shoulder blades, pushing his face downward, ass in air.
Another answer makes him even more angry. “When your siren is the same gender”. Uhhh dude. No. That was one time. And it didn’t mean shit. He just liked all the same music and was really cool, that's all.
“You told me yourself. I raised my little brother for love, I did everything for love. Do you remember all the things I’ve done for you? I let myself get beaten to a pulp just to heal you. I prayed to you every night in Purgatory. I made you a bloody mixtape.” Dean smiles at the memory. “I’d give up the whole world for you, Cas.”
“No. It’s not what you think, Cas. Let me explain. When you told me about the deal with the Empty, I panicked. I panicked! I was standing there watching you blow up your whole life, blow up
Sam pulls back his silver machete from the last vampire’s head, and looks behind him to see Cas instinctively rush to Dean’s side.
Eileen walks over to him and puts her hands on both his shoulders. “Dean, did you know hearing people also have
He gives his other hand permission to explore the bump of Cas’ ass, rubbing up and down along its delicious curve, squeezing it. When he reaches lower and ghosts a finger over Cas’ asshole, like a reminder, that’s when Cas finally comes, shaking against him in quiet puffs, fists tightening in Dean’s t-shirt.
Then he pulls back. Cas is gazing at him with quiet blue eyes. Waiting patiently, but there’s no timer that’s going to go off and prompt what Dean has to do or say next.
Once clean, fresh underwear and all, he clears Cas’ drawings off the floor and lays them on his bedside table, face down — then thinks better of it.
Jensen shakes his head. No. He knows Cas is alive, because Bobby’s going to tell Dean that later, in heaven.
“Is there anything else you want to try, Dean?” Cas asks, and it’s really not fair to hear that voice
It’s pretty late in Cas’ speech when Dean starts to realise what he’s doing. Why Cas is so emotional while Death is banging on the door like it’s a damn Kubrick movie. Why he brought up the Empty, and a deal -
“Why don’t you care about sexuality, Cas?” The question spills over his lips. His voice sounds much smaller than he’d like.
He comes all over his hand, all over the — to be fair, already suspiciously stained and thankfully dark — sofa.
Dean remembers when Cas wanted to be a hunter, before. Shit, is he working hunts on his own? Dean’s pencil presses hard into the paper. Damn it, Cas should have just called Dean. This could be dangerous.
Dean pauses, thinking. He doesn’t wanna mess up the timeline. So if he has to rub up all against Cas for that, well, then that’s just the gig.
“Nope.” Dean can hear the sound of footsteps, as Sam starts to pace. The old walk and talk he does when he starts thinking, working through the maze of facts.
“I can’t do this, Dean,” he says in a whisper, reaching for their fingers to simultaneously take both their rings off.
Dean draws him back and slams him into the wall again. “Oh, and how many people had to die before you were gonna cancel perv class, huh?”
Never once did he imagine he’d be lying in some motel bed in bumfuck nowhere with an angel’s shotgun cocked against him.
Sam wonders if there is perhaps an ancient manuscript in the library detailing how to be a good ally to your queer brother without permission to use any of the relevant vocabulary. Like a messed up version of Time’s Up.
Maybe something weird went on between those two, right before Cas vanished. Dean hadn’t exactly been talkative about it. And Sam hadn’t insisted. He figured they’d probably had a fight.
Sam frowns. Something’s been off between those two, ever since Jack pulled Cas out of the Empty and dropped him off at the bunker.
“Mmmmh. Yeah, uh, Sam Dean slash or whatever,” Dean says absentmindedly. He’s busy pouring himself another glass of whiskey. A visionary act he’ll soon be grateful for.
But Dean fought tooth and nail for free will. And then after six months he’s supposed to die on a simple vampire hunt? Does that mean he wasn’t a skilled hunter all that time — that it was just Chuck
A tiny whimper escapes Cas throat, and Cas lifts his hands to Dean’s neck, more skin exposed this time, more to touch, to rub. His fingers feel warm, his lips, damn it, his lips -
The only suitable book in the room is a large Bible. Dean grabs it and plops on his chair. He might as well use this. It’s about time he got some support from the Big One Up There. If that involves unclothed women, well. Thank the Lord.
When he opens his eyes, he finds that Cas has stopped drawing. He’s just been sitting there, waiting for Dean.
After a while, he musters up the courage to look Cas in the eyes. Underneath his fingers, he can feel Cas’ heartbeat picking up, though his features appear calm and unaffected.
Dean checks his wristwatch. He - they - have an hour. That’s how long the spell will hold the door ajar.
The alarm goes off, but Cas finishes something in his drawing before he reaches over to turn it off.
“Yes I am,” Cas says, relieved that Dean bought his act. They’re lookalikes, so this should be easy to maintain. And totally normal of Cas to go this route. Anyway, heaven’s big. This shouldn’t be much of an issue.
Then, to Dean’s increasing horror (among other things growing at a rapid pace), Cas sits down on it backwards, legs spread and dick on display for the whole class to see.
Dean felt really unsettled. It’s not like he had given much thought about the guy (well he did, but not in that kind of way) but he did let his imagination wandered a little and…that’s not what he pictured in his mind. His voice was very low and raspy, that was pretty nice. Surprising but nice. But he talked like…like a book ? The messages had been very concise, not even one single full sentence and suddenly he was in front of him, speaking with a strange partition of the syllables. Was he foreign ?
It was funny how the mechanic could be talkative when he was busy on something, hid under the hood : they were here for half an hour and he had talked about his own car, his job, how much of a crappy business Henderson’s was, and how easy it was to change a lightbulb if you’re shown correctly. The constant flow of his deep voice, echoing under the metal, was kinda soothing. It went well with the hypnotic scenery, bathed in the evening summer light, in front of Castiel’s eyes.
Cas. He just kept showing up in his mind because they saw each other quite a lot lately. And he was a new friend, that was all.
The name felt wrong when he said it but he couldn’t remember correctly. It’s not like if he ever thought he would use it again. Probably-not-Cam didn’t answer and the shuffling in the trunk intensified.
He could have been sad about Cassie’s failure to find someone to share his life but man, he was too busy laughing his ass off about how he managed to ruin every one of those dates in a different way. If it were an Olympic discipline, Cassie would definitely win gold.
He hadn’t work for a month, despite those two random days on a construction site. Sammy was right, it was a matter of weeks before he needed to sleep in the car, and then, even this crappy mattress would be reminded as a heavenly memory. Fuck, he was too old for this shit.
to do. He just thought about Cas while looking at the pie leftovers, thought it would be nice to bring him some. And he did, without thinking much about it. But now they were both sitting there in silence, it suddenly felt too much. It was like one of those dreams where you realize you don’t know how to drive while already behind the wheel of a car at full speed. Maybe along the years, he lost his ability to have pointless interaction with people.
Well, maybe he should have listened to Janice when she recommended not being too blunt, because the man seemed really offended by his question.
She faked an emotional look and let her lower lip shake a little while Sam rolled his eyes to the ceiling. There was no need to ask what he was thinking, she already knew it : “
Dean started to think that he was lost when he saw the bright yellow mailbox Cas mentioned when he texted him the directions. He took the turn on the dirt track and one minute later, he parked on a patch of grass beside the Lincoln. From the road, no one could have guessed there was a house here.
Cassie shrugged and looked back at his phone. After a long moment of silence, Balthazar turned his head again to insist and noticed an intermittent smile on his brother face, the kind that you’re trying really hard to repress but that keeps coming back. Oh god he was really into that fucking guy.
But every time they met, Castiel discovered some tiny bits of something else. First, even if they never talked again about that awful date at the fair, Dean Winchester wasn’t straight. He also seemed to be a good cook. And a sweet uncle. A sweet person, even : Dean clearly tried to repress his laugh earlier, when he sat in Castiel’s car and turned the ignition on to find out what was wrong. He did his best not to make fun of his ignorance and kindly offered to fix the problem himself.
I'll be posting one at a time for this part, since I'm not done with the writing and I don't wanna run short of chapters to post. I hope you'll like it, please let me know in the comments ♥
Half because it was his direction anyway, half because he was almost positive if he didn’t, Cas would roast him again.
Castiel jumped when the high-pitched voice screamed in his ear. He naively though that talking would be easier than texting but he must have been wrong. After a few seconds of fumbling noises, Dean’s voice came back.
No wonder he didn’t find him sooner. Cas was crouching, his back to Dean, looking at something on the ground with a bunch of kids. If he recognized the messy dark hair, he would never have bet on the baby pink t-shirt.
They remain like this for a while - Dean panting into Cas’ chest, Cas clutching onto his back like he’s going to fall off a cliff now and Dean is the only thing tethering him to higher ground. Until eventually, with a small sigh, Cas pulls back and moves to his side of the bed again, looking up at the ceiling.
Suddenly, Cas stands up and all Dean hears is his own heart beating furiously against his chest. He wills his body to stay relaxed, legs open, living art for the willing artist.
Dean lowers his hand to Cas’ neck, and gently strokes it. It’s almost too much, the love he feels coursing through his veins, the love that pulsed through his handprint scar a hundred times stronger than the mark of Cain ever did.
And now Cas seems to have come back on his words. He’s a shadow in the bunker, more and more resembling a memory every day, and Dean’s world seems all the more empty for it.
Dean’s looked at a lot of pin-ups in his life, he’s pretty sure. But his mind is drawing a total blank right now.
Then, a very tired sounding voice mumbles on the other end of the line. Clearly, he’d already been asleep.
There’s a few excruciating minutes where Sammy doesn’t pick up and Dean’s running out of curse words and, slowly, hope.
Dean pulls the man close, all nude and, as Dean discovers when his fingers caress up and down Cas’ body, entirely goosebumped.
Then, when he did fuck someone completely naked, it was mostly in the dark. The women generally didn’t love doing it with lights on, and Dean didn’t fight them on it.
Cas continues. “When I came back, it was like you saw a ghost. You clearly thought you’d never see me again. Maybe - maybe
“Oh no, you didn’t think this would end well, did you?” Chuck replies. “In every universe I’ve defeated you idiots, what did you expect, I am God Himself, you cannot-“
Hell, Billie’s body is on the floor, next to her scythe, and bent over her is a creature made of black goo.
Dean thinks back on other people who’ve seen him naked in his life. His parents, obviously. And the doctors and nurses when he was born. But that wasn’t his choice.
Cas looks down at his glass. He licks his upper lip. It’s his turn, but no sound comes out of the angel.
“I am, I am. Just, eh, I’m going about it my own way, Sammy,” Jensen smiles apologetically, and chooses a new exit.
The guy tries to lunge, but Dean quickly avoids his fist and in one beautiful motion, he splashes him in the neck with a good dose of holy water.
Okay, okay. He can direct. He can do this. Jensen grips Cas by the coat lapels. “Don’t let Dean die. You flash down there and
Cas briefly closed his eyes, and turned around. They stood unmoving, the four of them, awkwardly watching a rock band perform in an empty venue.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, trying to assess her vibe. Sure, she seems like a harmless gran, but in his experience those are the ones that end up being demons who enjoy pegging the devil. Her dyed blonde hair is tied back in a loose knot. She kind of looks like an art teacher, actually.
She’s in her crossbow patterned pj’s, half covered under the blankets, and lays her book aside giddily.
“You can’t just say handle —” Dean sighs and focuses on the road. “Just — if you weren’t there for a case, why were you nude modeling, Cas?”
Sam can only barely make out the white glow because they are so close. His brother stares at their connected hands well after the wound has disappeared, with such concentration as if he is desperately holding something in.
He watches Cas. This is so unlike any time Dean’s been naked. It’s like looking into a distorted mirror, seeing yourself through the eyes of the other.
“Welcome back dude,” Sam says, hugging Cas. Jack joins in. And then, after a little hesitation, Dean does too.
“The nose is very weird,” French beret guy says a little too loud from his seat across the room, and Dean’s head snaps. He’s about ready to throw punches again.
But it has kickstarted an unstoppable force in Dean. Like a snowflake rolling down a hill into a huge snowball.
Slowly, Cas reaches into his front pocket and retrieves a ripped piece of paper that Dean recognises. It’s a page from the script.
Cas steps right in front of Dean. Dean’s hands twitch, resting on the couch. They itch with the reflex of a lifelong hunter to put up his defenses, to block, to defend.
. Somehow. Somehow Cas was staying upright while all of heaven began swaying around him. It felt like all the air was sucked from every angel’s mouth. All of time whirled around Cas, like a tornado carrying a little house to Oz.
“Family? Bobby is family, Castiel. You were a convenient weapon of mass destruction to us. Though a very annoying one at times. Sam and I often complained how hard it was to put up with you.”
Archeological sounds about right. His dick has been leaking steadily  for what must be 300 years now.
Dean grins at “They’re welcome to join the crowd” and “Sir, I am a lesbian”, though both don’t really fit his mood.
But Sam’s not even bothered, still watching the movie in silence. Like he hasn’t just sent a trojan fucking horse to Dean's phone with a little bow attached to its mane.
He licked his lips. Was Dean going to mock him? No. He loved this man, and he knew who he was. Cas trusted Dean not to hurt him. It would be a kind rejection. And Cas was the one who had laid the burden of his love on Dean. The least he owed him was to make it a little easier to turn him down.
“To be fair it’s mainly solo action. A whole lot of solo action actually.” Dean can practically hear Kevin’s smirk in his voice.
Some days, Dean wishes he could clone himself, so he could guard Sam and Cas at the same time. To give Cas all of himself instead of also having to worry about anyone else.
Dean thinks about Rhonda Hurley and the way she smiled while she made him try on the underwear, eyes half lidded and drunk with lust. They were young, and experimenting, and having —  pretty damn good if Dean says so himself — heterosexual sex.
It’s a rush Dean never wants to stop chasing. He moves his hands closer, now holding Cas’ cheeks in his hands as they deepen their kiss, get lost in the -
“Jack, you have to give me more time. Have Bobby distract him, please, so I can prepare the roadhouse for the festivities.”
“I tried so damn hard to tell you. Every time I saw you. I waited for the right words, the right time. And I just about died every time you touched me. It killed me to have you heal me, and at the same time, I wanted it so hard.”
Cas swallows, and even straddled, he bravely pushes through. He closes his eyes and moves his thumb over Dean’s lips.
He stares up at the angel, and feels his bottom lip friggin’ quiver. His voice comes out low, raw and pleading. “I need you, Cas.”
Dean looks between them with some uncertainty. There’s a brief flash of sadness on his face, then once again a polite smile.
Dean decides to zoom in on each little pain his body is signaling. Each tickle. Each patch of skin demanding attention.
“Jensen, haha, funny prank,” Gabriel continues, carefully unpeeling Dean’s fingers. He straightens his shirt. “But yeah, we’ll have to reshoot that without the, um, disgusted flinching away.”
Dean shifts in his seat. It’s not easy drawing on a Bible. His right leg is starting to feel a bit numb where the book is being pressed into it.
“I’m not a hunter. I’ve lost all my powers. I’m not usef… I’ll leave you to your case, you leave me to my…” Cas does a weak hand gesture towards the bus stop.
Cas’ brow furrows, and he reaches for Dean’s hand, wrapping his fingers tightly around his wrist and pulls it closer. He spreads Dean’s fingers on his chest and Dean can feel Cas’ sternum rising with each of his inhales.
“Oh, hi Jensen,” Cas says, emphasizing the name slightly as he locks eyes with Dean. “I was just talking to
“Cas keeping the pantry stocked with your favorite cornflakes? A sign! Cas healing all your stupid little wounds by touching you gently even though he doesn’t even have to touch you? Guess what! Think!”
Cas turns to him. “You grazed her shoulder, so she’s mortally wounded, remember? We’ll just have to wait her out. I’ll hide us in an alternate universe — buy us some time.”
That’s what knocks Dean over the edge. He can’t stop it anymore, and he’s falling, he’s plummetting, fast and hard, and he spills inside Cas, quavering, losing balance, losing everything.
A minute later, he reaches for it again. Okay, he’s down the rabbit hole already. No use chickening out now, right? Step one in a case - figure out what you’re hunting. He may as well dig into the ‘lore’.
Granted, he’s had to get used to the idea a bit. He’s just never seen his brother like that, you know? He always thought… apple pie life, you know?
This is some real good whiskey though. Not as good as the ale he makes at the Family Business Brewing Company. But it definitely works faster.
After a long pause, during which he can’t seem to stop his hands from shaking against Cas, he releases only two words from his lips.
If there was ever a moment in Dean’s life that felt like he was in a documentary staring into the camera like a whole dumbass? This was it.
Some of the answer options he reads make him giggle, though. “I mean I can call you daddy if you want me to” gets a careful chuckle, except not careful enough because Cas stirs his head. Dean has to freeze for another five minutes staring at this dumb fucking question, so he figures he might as well actually think about his response.
Dean fumbled nervously with the beer bottle and quickly leaned over, landing his lips sideways on Cas’s mouth.
Then, Cas steadies his gaze on the ceiling, and the tilted head just somehow elevates this whole pose. The way the light catches his brow and bounces off his Adam’s apple…
a romance, never has been): Chuck being the villain they gotta defeat, the fight with Billie, Sam taking off with Jack, …. right up until this Dean and Cas reach the basement.
Dean visits Cas in his room that evening. The angel is sitting on his bed, his face shrouded in shadow. He visibly tenses when Dean opens the door.
Jensen wasn’t even aware the French had caused so much trouble that celestial beings took notice. “There was a lot of debris… Uh, nevermind. Anyway, I kind of tried to do the reverse thing.”
And even though it was planned and expected, it takes Dean by surprise. The warmth. It’s… overwhelming. Almost unnaturally so.
Dude. Why would he be hesitant? Dean is very well practised in this stuff. He has kissed plenty of women, though usually not in front of a witch but by their front door. But it’s easy. A first kiss is just leaning in about 90 percent of the distance and then allowing the other person to cross the extra 10 percent.
Dean has wrapped a white towel around his left hand but a thick red stain is spreading on it quickly.
Dean smiles reassuringly while he turns on the bedside lamps. When he turns off the main lamp, he can’t help but notice how it changes the way the shadows fall on Cas’ naked chest. The former angel’s definitely not as ripped as some writers would have him believe. But that doesn’t mean he isn’t handsome or anything, Dean doesn’t like it when men are too muscled anyway. Cas is kind of perfect, actually.
He slides a warm hand down Cas’ spine, set alight with the memory of drawing him, and settles for the dip of his hip.
Slowly Cas moves up and down, swallowing more and more of Dean, with unfiltered lust. Each motion a hot drag against his skin. Tongue hungrily tasting.
“No, no, you’re doing great, buddy,” Dean says quickly, cursing his own stupid words at the loss of the slick content, and Cas squints at him. “I just… fuck. I think I might… soon.”
Dean leans closer, leaving still a small space between their lips. He won’t force Cas to do this. He won’t hurt him, not for the world.
. And I’ll admit, if it hadn’t been for my deal with the Empty, and Billie about to kill us, I’d never have…”
Soon, Cas is leaning over him, his limbs being arranged like a rag doll by total strangers. Their lower bodies are covered by a blanket.
He walked closer, coattails flapping like some sort of superhero cape. But it honestly didn’t even feel cool to kill Kansas. Let alone worth the paperwork. Weren’t they going to die soon anyway?
But first, he’s got work to do. Dean slams the Impala’s door shut, a pencil and a few loose papers in hand. He’s about to pose as an aspiring artist — observing, of course, for any sign of the supernatural.
Though he’s not really sure what that looks like. Probably a lot cooler than flashlights in sleeves. “I came here to warn you. Don’t let them go on a hunt for the vamp mimes.”
And it does make a lot of sense. Cas after all has always claimed his bond with Dean was more profound. And Dean hasn’t properly dated in years. He’s always been devastated whenever they lost Cas.
Cas avoids his gaze, and moves closely past Dean to his desk. There, Dean’s coat is thrown over the chair.
He feels the tension leave Cas’ body as he slowly relaxes against him, and it’s almost perfect, if it weren’t for Sam being there and like, sending him nonsense quizzes.
Suddenly, Dean understands why ghosts thrash and struggle against the pull of being unseen, being forgotten. He gets why they charge against gravity and rip the veil to shreds. To be seen is to exist. To matter.
He enters Jensen’s trailer. It’s very… beige. But it has a little kitchen, several sofas, a television, a table, a bed,...
No, he doesn’t want Cas to feel bad. His evening’s been bad enough already. Almost getting killed? Being mistakenly thought of as gay? Dean can’t imagine what that must feel like!
“Cas? What do you mean? Where are you?” Sam’s voice immediately startles into awake, pitch heightened with worry.
The options, however, make his hand suddenly still in Cas’ warm, soft hair that he forgot he’s still stroking.
Cas’ arm stretches the impeccable line of his torso, curving right up to the masculine hook of his elbow, like a still in a ballet video.
Whatever Dean was about to say, died on his lips. He wet them with his tongue, blinked rapidly and peered over Cas’s shoulders. A small frown formed between his brows as he watched Kansas perform, in all of their “circa 1978“ glory.
Cas ignores the chair for now and throws one lanky arm over his head, closes his legs and slightly bends them at the knees, and Dean’s brain just… stops.
It’s just smart to carry with you, as a straight dude. It’s a great masturbation aid. If there’s anything useful he got out of ao3, and there isn’t, but if there is - it’s the importance of lube.
“And when you repeated it in the Empty…  that’s when I knew. Where the truth was within your words, the ones I had heard repeated a thousand times in the Empty.”
“Hey,” Dean says, looking down at him. He’s not smiling, and thank goodness because it’s so much to be near him already, Cas doesn’t think he could handle a curve of his lips
Cas’s blue Misha-but-not eyes stare back at him. There’s a hostility there still, but understanding is beginning to bleed through their edges.
“No, I just need you. I need you. I’m sorry. I thought - honestly, I thought an angel could never care about me that way. Especially one that -“
Just for a second, there’s a flash of something on Cas’s face, something Dean has never seen before but it suits Cas so well. The emotion illuminates his entire being even though he is just an actor named Misha here, to Dean, he is everything at once.
there? I told you I was free to come along on this case… Nevermind, why has Cas disappeared? I thought it was only the nude models.”
They sit there until the credits roll, and Dean takes the quiz again, because he saw in the list there’s a “Cas” answer and he’s just curious whether the fans think he’s gay.
Dean lowers his lips to Cas’ back and presses them between his shoulder blades. Then he trails kisses down Cas’ spine, until he reaches his underwear. Face suddenly heating, he carefully loops a finger around the waistband and gently tugs down Cas’ briefs. And then, holy shit, the angel’s fully naked underneath him, waiting.
“Dean!“ Sam leaps to Cas’ defense, but Dean is already out the door. He doesn’t need to hear it. Not now.
“You called me ‘the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know’. But if you think I love so much, how could you never once include the possibility that this could mean I love
He feels himself flush, and clears his throat. He tries to pick up the towel without actually bending over, which turns out to be quite hard.
Oh no. Dean feels extra bad now. Once again he has ruined Jensen Ackles’s reputation. That organ trade thing was probably a rough patch.
At no point Cas has trembled harder than now. Oh no. Does Cas feel tense? Dean kneads his fingers, making circling motions on Cas’s back, soothing him.
After a long pause, Cas speaks up, in that low and determined voice he uses when Dean is being intentionally disobedient.
“Cas, you arranged your books by color, and then alphabetically and then by whether the author went to heaven, hell or purgatory.”
Jensen immediately sits up straight in bed, bumping his head on the low overhead of the trailer. Shit. Shouldn’t have bought that second fish tank against everyone else’s advice.
Yeah, plenty of people have told him he’s real easy on the eyes. (Though, his mind unhelpfully supplies, never Cas.)
Cas traces the pencil from the base back up, stopping briefly at where the head ribs, and then crosses it right up to the top. A drip of precum has gathered there.
Suddenly, pastor Richard claps his hands. “People, please take your seats, we’re about to start. I’m going to fetch tonight’s model. As usual, bring your love and kindness to this wonderful person willing to pose for us.”
He pushes Cas toward his little taped cross on the floor. Thank god he’s done this before. He’s basically a seasoned actor now.
He pours lube on his dick and lines it up to Cas’ hole. Ok, ok, ok, go slow. Slow. He rubs himself up and down that soft skin, not quite inside but close.
It’s like someone’s pressed enter on his life and the result is clear, no matter what vibes or song lyrics Dean chooses.
Being naked was always a mid action type of thing. It was never like this, just… showcasing the goods. Putting himself on display. For some sort of divine judgment, or something.
