Once Dean ate the whole granola bar and a few more pieces of chocolate, Jimmy placed the glass and the rest of the sweets aside and lay down on his back in the center of the bed, spreading his legs so that Dean could place down between them on his belly, his hands sliding up to settle at Jimmy’s waist and thumb at his hip bones while resting his head on Jimmy’s firm stomach. He relished the feeling of it with a sigh, combing his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Castiel saw this as the perfect opportunity to grab their massage oil and sit down on the backs of Dean’s thighs to massage his lower back and what little part of his thighs was still free while admiring Dean’s rope-marks and tracing them with his slick fingers.
“Tell Gabriel we owe him a favor,” Cas said, meeting first Jimmy’s, then Dean’s eyes where he lingered for a moment. There was a small, content smile on his beautiful lips and Dean wanted to kiss it.
Chuckling, Jimmy advised, “Don’t. Really, you’ll regret owing him a favor. Besides, he told us that it’s no big deal and that we’re not the only friends he’s allowed to stay here.”
The answer wasn’t at all what Jimmy wanted to know and when he stood and saw that Cas was still going, though gradually getting slower as if knowing he was approaching Dean’s limit, he couldn’t be in the room any longer or he was afraid his heart might get torn out of his thorax. He couldn’t stand Dean being in pain, let alone watch his brother cause the pain, so he turned his back to them and walked up the stairs, shutting the bedroom door behind him and throwing himself into their bed.
“Are you nervous, Dean?” Cas asked, still very much in his element of being a Dom, and Dean nodded as he found his submissive part responding to his caring boyfriend like it was the most natural thing. “What’s your color?”
Jessica had also coaxed them into buying a Kenya hanging chair that had been installed on the ceiling and was now hanging in front of the dresser’s backside and facing the windows at the far end of the room since Jess had said that chaise lounges, loveseats, or the likes would look odd in this room. Next to it were two, beige floor cushions and a storage shelf for all their vinyl records with Jimmy’s old player on top of it.
Castiel watched a few tears drop from Dean’s eyes as a shy but sincere smile developed on his face and he leaned in to give him a soft kiss. When their lips parted enough to allow Dean to speak, Cas heard him whisper, “thank you,” and smiled happily.
They wanted this to be unforgettable for the green-eyed and not just make it to the happy-end. While sex was definitely not off the table, it wasn’t their primary goal tonight. When Jimmy had told him about his plans and said that he wanted Dean’s whole body to be as relaxed as never before, maybe even keep it in a state of relaxation and in a deep sense of fulfillment for a few days after, Cas knew that this was the right choice. He had heard of full-body massages before and even schooled himself on how to do some techniques, that also came in handy more times than once, so he taught Jimmy how to give a Lingam massage amongst other things.
“When did you take measurements of my thighs?” He untangled his legs from another and placed his left foot on a spot of the mattress right in front of Castiel’s crotch so that the Dom had full access to his thigh.
“We’re brothers, Cas. You know I only ever want what’s best for you and I know that it’s Dean, but you should also know that as much as Dean changed things for you, he changed things for me. I’ve never dated in my whole life and today, I sat in a café and had a real conversation with an amazing man. I don’t
A sad expression crossed Castiel’s features at that but he was quick to take on a tender smile again, grabbing Dean’s shoulders and turning him back to the mirror gently. His voice was filled with adoration and meaning when he said, “When I look at you, Dean, I don’t see flesh or skin. I see strength. Courage. A headstrong man.” Cas kept eye contact with Dean in the mirror stubbornly even as the blonde seemed to fight against it a little. “I admire how you seem to shine from the inside, how you glow and infect everyone around you. And I see a man that I admire as the untamable force of nature that he is.”
There was a frown starting to build on Sam’s face and he asked, “Wait, is this some kind of BDSM thing? A rule or something?”
Both their chests were heaving and their bottom lips still touched. There was a bit of saliva connecting them and Dean had never seen anything hotter, so he took Castiel’s lip between his teeth and bit down on it slightly, eliciting a groan out of him. “I could do this forever…”
A few seconds went by before Dean took in a deep breath, bracing himself for the next words, and then laughed derisively at himself, a sound so sad and heavy, that Jimmy hoped Dean would never make again because
There was this look of hurt and guilt again and now Jimmy felt bad about accusing Castiel of such a thing. This man could never be the monster his mind wanted to make him into after seeing Dean in such pain, and Jimmy knew that. He always did. Cas had a pure heart and he cared about Dean more than he ever did about someone else.
His Dom rested his cock and the rubber against his hole, holding Dean’s hips in each hand for leverage before stroking his skin there and trying to distract him from the stretch as he started to push inside as slowly and carefully as possible. Everything inside him concentrated on taking inside what was given to him, opening up around Cas and the rubber, although the last dildo he had fucked to prep himself was almost nothing compared to what was invading his ass now.
Mumbling into Jimmy’s skin, Dean said, “Hey, Cas,” and he smiled faintly, taking off his shoes with his eyes on the pair in front of him before walking to the bed and draping his clothed body over Dean’s, but not placing down on him.
There was still a little frown on Dean’s face when Cas helped him crawl into the bed and he thought that his boyfriend was probably already thinking about how he was going to do this, which made him smile as he lay down on his back, still clothed. Jimmy was behind Dean, understanding that he’d need help getting into Cas’ lap, and had his arms wrapped around his middle, hands tenderly stroking Dean’s torso just beneath his pecs where the chain was hanging freely.
The two looked so unbelievably happy, that it made Dean’s chest swell painfully and he wrapped his arms around their shoulders to pull them down and cuddle them as close as possible, kissing them and whispering that he loved them again and again until Cas stopped crying and Jimmy’s tears were gone.
was and Sam knew it was the truth. “I’d never have thought I’d end up where I am now, but it’s the happiest I’ve ever been and I wouldn’t wanna have it any other way. Sure, sometimes it’s chaotic, sometimes living with two other guys is like entering a stall full of bulls because we’re all stubborn and thick-headed as fuck, but I love those idiots. I love everything about them and how they make me feel and I could never imagine living without them.”
Carefully, Castiel propped himself up on his arms and pulled out as slowly and tenderly as possible to prevent hurting Dean, even though leaving the safety and warmth of his body was the last thing he wanted to do. He watched as his cock slipped free and how Dean’s now-empty hole clenched down around nothing but thin air at the loss. Cas had to take in the sight for a moment, savor the way it looked all loose and puffy. Though not only Dean’s thoroughly fucked ass was a beautiful vision, but also Dean’s soft cock stuck to his belly where it had been trapped between his and Cas’ body for so long, covered in a few stripes of dried cum. That reminded Castiel of his own cock and he carefully pulled off the condom and grabbed a tissue to wrap it up inside of it.
It looked soft and delicate in Cas’ hands, so shiny and elegant, as he started to unwrap it. Jimmy’s gaze was fixated on it when he asked, “Why do you love putting rope on Dean anyway? I mean, what do you get out of it?”
“Well, thanks for the compliment, but that doesn’t answer the question,” Cas said, giving Dean his typical no-nonsense face with a raised eyebrow, which their boyfriend always referred to as ‘Dom-brow’.
“You can’t! That’s the fucking problem! You can’t understand because you don’t know me! And if you did, you wouldn’t wanna be with me anyway, and neither would Jimmy. Especially after he gets to know that I slept with his twin while dating you both! God… what did I do?!” Dean was pacing around the space in front of the door now and he had his hands buried in his hair, furiously tugging at some strands, until he suddenly stopped. Cas met his gaze with his own teary eyes then and waited for him to say something. But nothing came for a while.
The sight of Dean pliant and panting, totally fucked out and grinning beneath him, and the sight of his stretched and slick rim where he was taut around Jimmy’s now soft cock, was enough to make him hard again, if he allowed himself to.
Lifting his hips so that Castiel sunk another couple of inches into him, Dean shot back, “Then make me scream.”
Castiel had been sitting at this spot for about two hours now, unchanging. The only thing that varied was his drink. He hated events like this, but as an employee, it was his duty to come. It was only a Christmas party, anyway, and he didn’t even have to talk to people. They left him be and he was content with that, although he wouldn’t have minded the company of the young man leaning against the bar across the room.
“Exposed,” Dean answered honestly but grinned cheekily, knowing that this was exactly what Cas wanted and also exactly what he loved.
It’s been two weeks now since he woke up in the infirmary with a freshly operated leg. The doctors said that they’ve seen worse and that he should be able to walk again in no time with just enough therapy and will-power.
Leaning back a bit to look him in the eyes, Cas admitted, “It’s exactly what you said in the restaurant.”
As if on cue, Sam joined them in the living room and brushed his hair back in a deprecating gesture, saying, “My hair is sacred.”
“Well,” Cas started, looking at Jimmy and silently asking for permission to tell Dean. It wasn’t meant to be a huge secret anyway, so Jimmy nodded. “Jimmy and I want to take you out today and go to a nice restaurant. We thought you’d like to go see the place with a full and satisfied stomach, so we booked a table for lunch. And the speech restriction would only apply to the time we spend there. Of course, as always, you’d only be allowed to talk to us when we directly address you, ask you questions, or want to talk to you. But, you’re allowed to say no to it if you don’t want that at all.”
Dean was slowly but determinedly coming back to consciousness, though he didn’t wake up completely until Jimmy stopped to let Castiel insert the nozzle and he felt the warm intrusion of water as the enema was started.
Holding his breath, Jimmy waited for Dean’s answer and when it finally came, he felt as relieved as never before: “Okay.” The blonde’s voice was soft and almost shy and Jimmy couldn’t stop himself from wrapping his arms around his middle and merely holding him close with a wide grin spreading his lips. “Okay.”
The twins merely grinned at him, Cas placing their bags on the beige bedroom bench and Jimmy closing the door behind him with a quiet
’re ready, Dean. We will wait. And once you’re ready, we will talk about it together and it won’t change the way we see you, Dean. You give back to us just as much as we give you and you’ll never have to worry about this with us. Just stay with us and be happy, that’s all we need.”
So, Jimmy made sure to tell Dean how much he meant to him with every thrust into him, angling his hips so that he stimulated his prostate with every push inside. He smiled whenever he heard Cas hissing through clenched teeth because that meant Dean’s throat was spasming with a groan in response to a well-placed thrust nailing his pleasure spot, and kept up the pace, letting his hands stray down to the small of his lover’s back and tracing the line of his arched spine.
Dean’s eyes dropped down to his hands and Jimmy followed his gaze, looking at the gauze wrapped around his knuckles. It was still wet from the shower and some spots were a little red from blood coming through. “I just want to let you know that it had a reason.”
It took a minute for Dean to decide if he should tell Sam or not but he went with it anyway and admitted, “It kind of is.”
At the side opposite of the long window front was another small window facing their patio – “Yes, we have one too, Dean” – right next to their bed so they would also always have a bit of green when looking out of it since Cas had suggested they plant some vegetables and flowers on it and Dean had found the idea very nice. With that, their bed was completely surrounded by windows, only adorned with a small nightstand shelf in front of each beam stacked with books and the typical stuff one keeps close to the bed in their drawers. A few meters away from the foot end of the bed followed two chests of drawers, placed in a way that their drawers faced each other but far enough apart to allow free movement within the space and to open their drawers containing their personal stuff and BDSM equipment. On top of them were small room plants like a peace lily, devil’s ivy, and a heart-leaf philodendron, as well as candles in various shapes, colors, sizes, and scents since Jessica had told Jimmy that it would make the room cozier. The backside of the last dresser functioned as a small wall to divide the sleeping area from the other part of the room which was decorated with a big Persian rug that brought some color into the otherwise bright and plain white room. At the wall between the door leading into the hallway and the one to their bathroom was another, smaller dresser for other stuff, also decorated with pictures and a plant. They had kept the spot on the wall above it for Dean’s favorite posters and the blonde had smiled widely with fond eyes as Jimmy had told him about it, telling them that he would put his Star Wars and Led Zeppelin posters up there.
With a small and fond smile, Cas closed the space between himself and the Sub to take his right arm and start twisting and knotting the rope around it until it covered the majority of Dean’s arm before repeating the same on the left one. When he was done, he slid his fingers along the knots, tugging on the rope and slipping a digit underneath to check that it wasn’t too tight or too loose, and ended the first part of the bondage by securing rope from the rafters to the rope around Dean’s arms, leaving them stretched out above Dean’s head.
Jimmy made him step into the bathtub first so that he could carefully lower Dean into it and place him between his legs, then climbed into it as well and cuddled up next to Dean, since the tub was big enough to allow free movement and enough space for all of them.
The elder Winchester just shrugged off Sam’s hand and gave his brother a fake smile. “I’m fine, don’t worry.”
When Dean nodded this time, his expression was full of faith and love. Seeing it all in those peridot eyes made Castiel strongly believe that those words were true. And he’d do everything for them to stay right.
on Netflix while thinking about the amazing sex he had had with Jimmy and Cas the night they had visited the sex shop – of course, Cas had made him test a few of the toys they’d bought.
Astoundingly, the two of them had managed to get it all done the day before. Of course, they’ve had some help from a few friends, and Sam and Jessica setting up the furniture, – even though they’ve also been moving in together at the same time – especially the gigantic couch in the living space they were currently sitting on and the bed upstairs. And while Sam and Cas had gone shopping for toiletries and groceries and that stuff, Jessica had helped Jimmy decorate their knew apartment to make it more comfortable. It was amazing how much help they’ve had and how fast they managed to get it all done for Dean’s arrival.
Among other pedestrians, there was a tall, blonde one heading straight towards his direction and approaching him in fast strides. If there hadn’t been so many people, Jimmy might have heard him say a name, but he didn’t. So he was completely caught off guard and by surprise when that certain someone came to stop in front of him, grabbed his face and kissed him senseless.
Adjusting the grip around Castiel’s face, Dean made sure to capture his gaze again and set his voice as he assured, “I’m not going to leave, Cas. Listen to me. You didn’t hurt me, you didn’t scare me, and if you want to know why I flinched back from your touch by mistake, we can talk about it. But this morning, you told me that you didn’t want to talk about it which was clearly a lie and now look at you.” Another sob left Cas’ mouth. “You’re dropping because you kept your worries to yourself. But they’re not required, Cas. I’m fine, and I loved last night. I didn’t answer my freaking phone because I keep it on the workbench far away from me and I can’t hear it with all the stuff going on. When I checked on it, though, and saw the missed calls and the message from Jimmy, I came as fast as I could because I care about you and I love you.”
Castiel was still trying to come down from his high, panting harshly, his chest rising and falling with each breath, when Dean lifted his upper body slightly with his hands where they were propped up on Cas’ knees and pulled his head back with a little suck to the tip of his sensitive cock and a lip smack as soon as it popped free.
“Mhhh, that’s another thing,” Castiel buried the tips of his fingers in the hair at Dean’s nape and stroked his scalp at which his eyes fluttered shut while letting out another soft sigh. “I don’t like to be called Sir, or Master for that matter, I’ll be addressed as Castiel.”
It was one of Dean’s absolutely delicious grilled cheese sandwiches and as much as Cas’ mouth started watering at the sight with the want to just take a bite of it, Castiel directed a questioning look at Dean because he still didn’t understand why he was home already and wearing lingerie, asking one more time, “What’s going on?”
But now he did, and Jimmy hoped knowing how dropping felt like would help him understand Cas better in certain situations. And the whole experience only increased the respect he had for Castiel and Dean, for the whole dynamic of their relationship because that was harder than it seemed. The only thing he wished he would understand now was how Dean was thinking and feeling, what made him need those things and what was going on in his head when he got and didn’t get it. He was just truly thankful that they had managed to prevent Dean from dropping up until now.
Dean seemed to have another plan, though, because he suddenly shifted just the slightest, catching Castiel’s attention, and when Cas looked down at his handsome face again, his summer green eyes were open to him, steady but also a little afraid; longing even. His lips were slightly parted and his expression one of regret. Cas was shocked to find shame in his eyes right before the blonde averted them and mumbled, “I told him to stop.”
There was a moment of silence as Castiel seemingly thought about Dean’s words until his mouth formed into a soft ‘O’ and he explained, “Oh Dean, you haven’t done anything wrong. Not at all. It’s quite the opposite, honestly. I just wanted to give your mind something to concentrate on while we’re at the restaurant because I know you get self-conscious about almost anything that you do when you think you don’t fit in. I didn’t think it would come over as possessive as it did, my apologies.”
Jimmy’s chest heaved with the force of his breaths, trying to calm down again, and when the initial shock and overwhelming need to pull out and slam back inside this heavenly heat subsided enough for him to keep control, Jimmy pulled his cock out almost all the way, only to slide back inside just as gently. He shifted his hips a bit until, at the next slide into Dean, their boyfriend cried out in pleasure and he knew he had found his prostate.
The two of them remained like that until they heard keys rustling behind the door, followed by a “hello?” from Jessica. Sam left his spot and crossed the room to give her a hug and a greeting kiss. “Hey.”
The outfit was nothing too much. They hadn’t chosen a suit or anything like that for Dean. But they’d picked out nice boots matching his dark jeans and white shirt, over which he was wearing a black leather jacket. And yes, Jimmy could admit that this leather jacket was the cherry on top of the pie because it did make Dean look ridiculously attractive.
He had just finished cleaning up after the last client, preparing everything he needed for Dean, and was about to walk back into the front part of the salon, when there was a knock on the frame of his open door. Checking the time, Jimmy turned around and was surprised to find Dean standing in the doorframe and looking sinfully stunning. The blonde wore dark jeans, a white shirt and a brown, worn-out leather jacket which's collar was half-popped, making his very beautiful neck look even nicer. It took everything in Jimmy not to drool at the sight and when he saw the easy smile on Dean’s face, he could’ve sworn his heart literally skipped a beat.
“No, it was nice, actually. Really nice. Having you two take care of me, make me feel so good, that was just amazing. Why, did you think it was weird?”
He adds another finger not long after that, and then a third one a few minutes later, scissoring Dean open and tapping his prostate occasionally to keep him squirming and grunting. When he finally pulls out his digits and withdraws his face, Castiel can see that Dean is practically dripping and grabs him by the hips to turn him back around.
“You could say that,” he answered, smiling widely and leading the way towards the massive wooden door of the house.
Which was what Jimmy was about to do now, as his hands clamped around Dean’s hips to lift Dean up a bit and adjust his position. He pulled out his legs from underneath Dean’s and kneeled with his legs spread, lowering to rest the globes of his ass on his feet where his heels dug into his cheeks. Then he grabbed the blonde’s right leg, angled it just slightly, and placed it on his left shoulder so that his foot was hanging free behind it. Dean shifted slightly to get more comfortable and then reached back blindly with his hands to search for Cas’ wrists. As soon as he found them, Dean circled his fingers and thumbs around them and held on tight. His left leg parted even more and bent at his knee to rest more comfortably.
Then, he dipped his fingers underneath the fabric, sliding into Dean’s cleft and palming his round and meaty asscheek while pushing his boxers down with the motion. Cas trailed the curve of his cheek, sliding his fingers across the crease of Dean’s gluteal fold that created the shape of his wonderful butt, and the blonde rutted their clothed cocks together with a quiet moan. Feeling encouraged, Cas trailed his other hand down to cup Dean’s other cheek, squeezing them in the way Dean loved, and pushed his pelvis down against his own once more, groaning at the friction.
Smiling broadly, Dean said, “Very,” and gave Jimmy’s chest a playful tap before shifting on his legs to get out of the bed. He was reaching his hand out for Jimmy and gave him an expectant look, waiting. So, with a chuckle, he took the offered hand and let himself be pulled up and out of bed as well, coming to stand in front of Dean. “Okay, how about you get out and bring me a chair from the kitchen so you can sit in it and watch later to calm down a bit and I make the bed?”
Biting his bottom lip bashfully, Dean smiled and watched as Cas put the band around his left wrist so that they were all wearing them. He couldn’t stop himself from kissing Dean’s lips once he was done and when they parted, the blonde didn’t look as shy as he had before. “It’s not all, though…” he admitted quietly and Cas’ eyes widened.
A smile spread across Dean’s lips so brilliant, that Jimmy had to lean in and kiss it once more, and the blonde mumbled, “It wasn’t,” against his mouth.
“Can’t fuck me while I’m dri–” Cas interrupted with another kiss, sliding his hands into Dean’s hair and pulling his face the way he wanted it, pressing his body even tighter against him. Dean moaned into Cas’ mouth because really… it was the only thing he could do. Castiel kissed with his entire body, his tongue persistent and filthy against Dean’s, and he could feel the passion burning in his veins.
“Dean, it is, because this matters to me, and what you told me right now shows me that it does to you as well. This means a great deal. Please don’t play it off like that. Be honest with me like you were that night.” He reached across the table and took Dean’s hand, making the blonde look him in the eyes. “You mean a lot to me.”
Jimmy swallowed loudly, still a bit out of it, and only managed a mumbled, “Yeah… me too…” which made Dean grin widely.
Blinking a few times to seemingly press back the tears already gathering in his eyes, Cas swallowed once and cradled Dean’s face in his tender hands. “I want to let you know that you can always use your safeword to end a scene, Dean. We would never be disappointed in you or mad at you for doing so. And you have the right to express how you feel and tell us to go a little slower. So if you say your color is yellow, then don’t expect us to be sad about it. We have this color system for a reason and we can all make use of it without being afraid to do so, Dean. I thought you knew…”
As their boyfriend opened his mouth to speak again, Jimmy grabbed his hands and squeezed them. “Dean, this place belongs to us all. It’s ours. Just like you’re ours and we’re yours. We care for each other and we would never regret this. You’re the best thing that happened to us, stop questioning yourself. Just close your eyes and listen to us. Don’t listen to yourself for once, please.”
The question pulled Jimmy back into reality and he looked at Dean where he rested his chin on his chest to meet his eyes. “I guess I have. I’m not sure, but I feel arousal when I see you asleep, so warm and close next to me.”
Grabbing his gloves and starting to take them on, he motioned at Dean’s shirt and ordered, “Take this off then,” as if it personally offended him. “Let me see some skin.” Jimmy was feeling a bit cocky right now and flashed Dean a seductive smirk.
Since he had done this a lot of times before and because it was one of the easiest harnesses, Castiel could practically tie the knots with closed eyes, but he hadn’t had a lot of scenes involving Shibari with Dean yet and he wanted to make this as good an experience for his Sub as possible. So, he did every step slowly, trying to keep his gaze on Dean’s.
“Yeah?” Castiel pulled down his pants completely and took off his shirt, bending down over Dean with his now naked body to slide his arms underneath him. “What do you say, we take a bath, and afterward, you can nap for a while?” Dean nodded vigorously instead of a verbal answer and Jimmy chuckled as Cas adjusted one arm at Dean’s back and the other underneath his thighs to lift him up off the bed and pull him against his body protectively. “Okay, come on.”
Sweat glistened across his entire body and he adjusted his grip around the base of the blue rubber to shove it in even deeper, moaning as it pressed against every just so tiny space inside of him.
Wrapping an arm around his waist while the other rested on his back, keeping Dean’s pliant and supple body in place with its hand buried in his sweat-dampened, spiky hair, Castiel pushed his nose into the crook of Dean’s neck and mouthed at his skin. His teeth grazed Dean’s skin just hard enough to leave a mark for a few seconds, before he started sucking at the spot, suddenly very determined to leave a visible mark there for more than just a night. It had Dean’s head lolling back lazily as a moan was coaxed past his lips.
She waited for him to continue talking but nothing came, so she carefully asked, “So, what’s the problem then?”
“Then stay here. Move in with Sam. You don’t have to go back and wait for John’s return, whenever that’ll be. He’s been gone for months, without a word. And he’s never really cared about you or Sam. Dean, he doesn’t deserve you and he doesn’t deserve you waiting for him. And you’re gonna have to stop talking like that because you deserve so much more than what Lawrence has to offer you. We’d be here, we’d care for you and we love you.” Jessica tried everything now.
His hips gyrated suggestively as he looked into Jimmy’s eyes and approached slowly, licking his plush lips. And then, he wriggled against him sensuously and swayed his hips left and right, and Jimmy had half a minute to enjoy feeling the heat of his lover’s body so close to his before he backed away and turned, giving Castiel the same treatment. It took Jimmy a lot longer than it should have to realize what was happening and he almost groaned at suddenly understanding that Dean was about to give them a lap dance as soon as he placed his legs on either side of Cas’ and straddled him.
Nodding, Jimmy said, “Okay, yeah, that’s reasonable. I get that and I think watching it would be nice. But the other stuff, that– that we talked about before, like Figging and serving as furniture or being cut with knives, that’s just insane.”
“To family,” Castiel rasped and tipped his glass slightly, meeting Dean’s and Jimmy’s eyes for a moment, followed shortly with a cheerful chorus of ‘to family’ from the rest of the group before they all clinked glasses.
“Oh,” Jimmy contributed to the conversation with a smile, “and when you stuff your mouth so full of food and chew on it in a certain way, you look like a cute bunny.”
Then a tentative and experimental flick of tongue makes Castiel thud his head back onto the mattress and close his eyes in pleasure. He feels Dean’s tongue licking along the length of his cock, then swirling around the head and its tip poking into his slit, making him yelp with unexpected delight.
“He tries,” Dean whispered, “Michael tries, he told me. It was a mistake and when he saw that I was bleeding, he stopped. I swear. He was truly sorry about hurting me but I didn’t even feel it. So it wasn’t his fault. It was mine. He’s always sorry afterward.”
His orgasm was so good, that black spots appeared in his vision that he had to blink away and his ears rung a bit. No wonder Dean passed out like this after enduring an entire evening of being teased and stimulated without being allowed to come.
“Cas,” he really hoped it was Cas now as he rubbed his eyes and sat up straight in bed, the sheets rumpling loudly. “You called.”
Placing his hand on his arm, Castiel asked, “Do you want to wear it for us?” His eyes were intense and locked on Dean’s.
“Oh, God…” Sam cries out and falls to the wooden floor, his knees hitting the ground, and buries his face in his hands to stifle the sound of his pain. And that’s just it for Castiel, who breaks down again, crying with Sam, even though the man has no idea who the hell he is. Castiel just stands there, chin on his chest and shoulders shaking as he lets go.
As soon as it came out of the oven, hot and smelling absolutely mouthwatering, Dean hummed and took his fork to lift some crust and filling to his mouth. He groaned as his eyes closed in bliss, completely unabashedly stunning – the way he was just sitting there in his bare skin and collar, enjoying such a small thing as pie with all of his self. Jimmy’s eyes instantly fell to Dean’s mouth and watched rapturously as his lips and throat worked around the oversized bite, succumbing to the moment and leaning forward to capture Dean’s mouth in a heated kiss, even though it was still filled with pie.
God, he loved this. Dean’s responses were like a balm to his soul, making him feel balanced and satiated.
Grasping Dean’s face with both of his hands, Castiel assured, “We love it, Dean. It’s so beautiful and thought-through. It means so much to us.”
Then Jimmy walked towards the restrooms and disappeared from his sight. He picked up his cue stick and chalked it before taking it in his right hand and positioning his left on the playfield. Bending down over the short rail and leaning his body slightly over the table, Dean examined from which angle he would have to take his shot to land the ball he was aiming for in one of the sockets. But before he could even move his right arm back to do exactly that, he felt a body being pressed against his rear – someone’s crotch pushing against his ass and a torso hovering over his back.
Scratching the back of his neck, Dean lowered his gaze and mumbled, “Still don’t think I’m pretty enough, though…” and Jimmy could feel his heart sinking at hearing those words.
“Dean, you went on your first date! How was it? Was he a gentleman?” Sammy’s enthusiasm was almost creepy if it wasn’t for the fact that Dean knew his brother was only looking out for him and simultaneously happy to hear Dean finally thought someone compatible enough to go on a date with.
He was ripped out of his reverie when Cas cleared his throat, and he lifted his head to meet his eyes with dark ones, breathing harshly. Just when Castiel opened his mouth to speak, the door that the two of them hadn’t even realized had been opened fell shut and they turned their heads to look at Jimmy, staring at them with dark eyes, looking weirdly askew. He was breathing a bit faster than was normal and his eyes flicked down to Dean’s foot still in Cas’ lap, and Dean knew what it was that had him so affected.
Leaning back, Castiel gave him the dirtiest of smirks, letting Dean take in a few breaths. “Fuck, what have you two been thinking about during the drive?”
Castiel’s and Jimmy’s cocks were perfect, long and thick, and they always stretched Dean better than anything he’d ever experienced before, no matter if it was his mouth or ass. And he fucking loved when his two holes were stuffed at the same time, split open by them, and kept him on the brink of pleasure. It was what he lived for.
The kiss caught Dean off-guard even though it shouldn’t have, what with his boyfriends acting like they haven’t been intimate with him in years the entire drive here. But Dean was very strict when it came to driving and he couldn’t concentrate with his boyfriends’ hands all over him, so he’d told them to stick their fingers to themselves because he didn’t wanna die in a car accident due to a hand sliding into his pants. This had let the twins to act like they hadn’t touched Dean in forever and right now, they were like feral animals.
As Jimmy started licking and kissing down the slope of Dean’s long and beautiful neck, skipping where his collar rested, Dean opened his eyes to stare directly into Castiel’s and held them as he went on, “You know every button to push, every switch to flip…” He leaned back into Jimmy as he began to suck a mark into the meat of his shoulder, the blanket sliding down his arms, but his unwavering eyes stayed glued to Cas’. “You put me together like a puzzle, read me like a fucking book. You know exactly how to hold me, stroke one of those large hands of yours down my spine so that I’m curling into it like a freaking cat… and it feels so damn good… being loved by you,” heat was pooling low in Castiel’s stomach at Dean’s deep and raspy voice, at the way his lips formed those words, and how his eyes seemed to burn into his soul, and with a lascivious smirk, Dean ended, “being fucked by you.”
In his hand was a silver, thin piece, about 7 inches long and textured with small beads along the entire shaft. Lifting his gaze to look at Castiel, Jimmy asked, “That’s a sound? This thing?”
“You’re always wanted, Dean,” Cas said, taking his hand and caressing its skin as he locked his eyes on Dean’s. “We will always want you.”
It felt like it was burning through the fabric of his trousers. “Really, it’s okay. I’ll tell you what, it’s about a two days’ drive and one night in a cheap motel away from here.”
Not long after that, Castiel began inserting the first finger along with his tongue to start tapping his prostate incessantly, bringing Dean impossibly close to the edge. Though he managed to hold it off even after Cas was four fingers and one tongue deep into him, still giving Dean the best rimming ever while simultaneously fingering him to tip him over the edge. And just when Dean began to feel the signs of his impending and inevitable orgasm, his body twitching and jolting with the bolts of pleasure being sent through him from the stimulation, the door to the bedroom opened as Jimmy interrupted them by loudly clearing his throat and saying, “I guess you’ve already seen the present then, huh?”
He took Dean to a place he had been to a lot before. Jimmy really liked the atmosphere there and it was never as crowded as the fancier places so he could enjoy his coffee or meal. Besides, it was right around the corner of his apartment so he usually went there on weekends in the morning to get himself some breakfast, and then he would go to the roadhouse to eat dinner or just order take-out because he was not at all good at making his own dinner and his fridge was only filled with beer and stuff that didn’t make a full meal. Jimmy had to admit that he was a terrible cook, Cas on the other hand, always liked to prepare nice meals and they were tasty every time, though a bit too healthy for Jimmy’s liking.
“We’re truly not, Dean,” Cas said, taking Dean’s hand carefully into his own and guiding him into an upright position. When the blonde stood, Castiel led him to the mirror and placed themselves in front of it. Jimmy followed, placing himself at Dean’s left side. “What do you see?”
“You think we’ll let you go swim in nothing but your bare skin all on your own, where people could see you, could want to join you?” Cas asked, a dark smile gracing his lips.
Squeezing Cas’ hands in his own, Dean said with a soft voice, “So you see, I’m not hurt, I’m not scared of you, nothing was wrong with me. You did
With the items in his hands, Castiel walked back towards the bed and smiled crookedly, placing them down on the mattress next to Dean. He leaned into his lover and grasped his chin between thumb and forefinger, angling his face the way he wanted and saying, “I do hope you have prepared yourself for the punishment that comes now, Dean. I’ll make sure that the next time you touch yourself without permission will sting, in the literal sense.” He lowered his voice for the last part of his sentence, watching a shudder run down Dean’s spine.
“You’ll be getting an extra hard treatment for speaking like that to your Dom,” Cas rasped dangerously low, his eyes dark with lust and a hint of threat, just enough to make Dean shudder with anticipation but not enough to actually scare him. He knew Dean loved when he showed the power he was holding over him just like he did right now. Looking at Jimmy, Castiel chastised, “Such a bratty little boy, kissing his Doms with that filthy mouth. We should teach him a lesson about how to use it correctly, shouldn’t we?”
Nodding in understanding, Sam asked, “Do you think he’d still react the same if he found out today?”
And then Benny is gripping his arms and starting to pull him away, putting distance between him and Dean while dragging him towards the medics.
Well, that was until the blonde suddenly sat up straight, making Castiel look up from the book where he just finished reading the second paragraph of a page and Jimmy grunted in displeasure since his head had been resting on Dean’s chest. With an apologetic smile, Dean leaned down to run his hand through Jimmy’s hair before turning towards Cas with an almost sheepish smile, which was weird, though adorable.
“I’ll be fine, Jimmy, don’t worry. If something should come up, though, I’ll still have my mouth to say as much,” Dean assured, his voice soft. “You guys worry too much about me all the time.”
Dean’s big, beautiful hand was resting on his thigh now, squeezing once, and it was so close to his crotch, that Castiel swore he could feel its warmth up until the tip of his cock. Or it was just his arousal…
Just when Jimmy thought he might get accustomed to this, Dean suddenly rolled his hips down on his groin in a dirty grind that hit Jimmy in all the right places, doing it again and again and going completely wild with the guitar solo of the song. He wished he could feel more of his body weight, more of his pressure against his own arousal, but he had to admit that Dean’s lap dance skills were truly jaw-dropping. Seemed like Dean was good in all things that had anything to do with his body because the man had an amazing amount of control over it, making everything seem like something he’d done a million times before.
Seeing it as his cue, Jimmy moved into the bed again and shuffled towards Dean on his hands and knees, stopping when he hovered above him. For a moment, all they did was stare at each other until Dean leaned forward and snagged his bottom lip with his teeth, the scrape against his sensitive flesh just enough to surprise, and Jimmy gasped.
And Dean just took it like the greedy bottom he was and allowed Jimmy to take his pleasure from his body after he had been so patient and sweet.
Laughing, Jimmy answered, “Yeah, I totally get that. Cas likes to cook a little healthier but there’s always some meat for me, you know, so it’s alright. And hey, I can’t really complain because I’m a lousy cook, I can’t even manage an omelet without burning it. But all those low carb meals just scare me.”
Once they had been done with their tour around, Dean couldn’t stop complimenting them and saying how “fucking awesome” this all was. He had told them that this place was the nicest thing he’d ever seen and had asked more than a dozen times if they could really effort this all since he felt like some rich guy moving into his new luxurious loft. But Jimmy and Cas had told him about the rental costs for it, even though Dean didn’t seem to believe them, and assured that it was still in their price range, even if it seemed otherwise. They had, to be perfectly honest, made a freaking awesome deal with this place because they would never find something this nice for the same price again.
“Oh!” Jimmy coughed in an attempt to distract from his newly invigorated arousal and turned around to search for a towel. When he found a fresh one, he grabbed it and placed it on top of Dean’s clothes, already walking back to the door and opening it. “I put it on top of your stuff, I’ll be out again.” And with that, Jimmy hurried out of the room before he managed to pop a boner in front of a wet and naked Dean after merely having seen his head. It was hilarious, really. But Jimmy didn’t have any time to muse about that because he still had to call Cas and tell him to come by.
Once they were done introducing themselves, Benny turned to look at Cas and a smirk graced his lips as he assumed, “Cas, I take it?”
“Hey, happy birthday, De,” Sam mumbled into Dean’s shoulder once his older brother was done hugging Jess, “it’s so good to see you.”
Dean’s skin is flushed, covered by a thin sheen of sweat, and he’s panting slightly, looking almost entirely wrecked. It’s a beautiful sight and Castiel lets himself bask in the sleepy, half-lidded gaze that Dean focuses on him and the content tiny quirk of one corner of his mouth, the crinkles around his eyes.
A moment of silence passed, then, “Thank you, Dean.” When Dean tilted his head like Castiel always did when confused, which was pretty adorable, Cas added, “For helping me with my drop. And Jimmy, thank you, too.”
At hearing his words, Dean turned to look at him and he looked wrecked, eyelids heavy and cheeks red and tear-streamed. He shook his head and mumbled “green” before hiding his face against his arm once more and grunting when Cas landed yet another hit.
She gave him a quick peck to the lips and said, “He’s resting now. But…” Her hesitation made Sam even more uneasy. Then she sighed and put her hand on his shoulder to coax him toward the couch and when they were seated, she admitted, “We have to talk.”
but the lump in his throat threatens to choke him and no words pass through, so he just stares at Benny with desperate eyes to clarify that he, indeed, doesn’t remember what he
Castiel snorts a laugh and it’s the first time that just the slightest positive expression passes his features; the muscles in his face feel stiff.
And while Castiel enjoyed how pliant and dazed Dean could be after a scene, he also loved this; the way their boyfriend subtly stuck out his ass, probably thinking it was a smooth and barely noticeable move, as he craved more even after the exhaustive scene they’ve just had. So, to give Dean what he wordlessly longed for, Cas made sure that his thumbs were still lubed and slid them down into the crease of Dean’s ass, sweeping over his sensitive and open hole and relishing the way his body shuddered at the teasing touch. After doing this a few more times, Cas decided to carefully start massaging Dean’s hole as well, which had him moaning beautifully and his hole fluttering around his thumbs.
But what was in front of him was still more than enough and Jimmy thanked whatever spirit was responsible for the fact that Dean’s ass taking his fat cock, his lean back stretched and bent forward showing off his rippling muscles underneath his soft and freckled skin while working them both over, accompanied by all the filthy noises – from squeaking wood to skin slapping against skin and the wet, obscene noises of Dean fucking his mouth down onto Cas’ cock – didn’t already push him over the edge too soon.
“For four weeks after that, I had super angry looking dark bruises around my neck, way worse than this,” he pointed at his neck and said, “When I first came back home to Sam, he was so shocked that he yelled at me and wanted me to explain myself. Sammy punched me half-heartedly in an attempt to get me back to sanity and there were tears in his eyes as he asked how I could do something so reckless. I’ll never forget the way he looked at me like he didn’t even recognize who I was. It was the worst feeling in the world. And while I felt fucking bad about how I made Sam feel, one feeling numbed out all the others…” After a small pause, Dean whispered, “Shame and disgust. I was so disgusted with myself for getting off on something so wrong and twisted like this, so much so, that I couldn’t even look into the mirror. I didn’t leave my room very often after that and I knew that Sam was worried, I knew, but I couldn’t concentrate on making Sam feel better, ‘cause all I
Sniffling once, Cas said, “That’s nice to hear.” He was smiling again now, and he realized that he would never have to be afraid of Dean leaving. Of course, he’d known that before, but it truly only now registered that Dean was as deep into this relationship as Jimmy and he were, and their boyfriend was the most loyal and loving person they knew, so they could practically go through anything with him and he’d still be there for them with all his heart.
And Dean was gorgeous like this. Of course, he was always gorgeous, but with his skin glowing, glistening with oil, breath panting and his rim stretched around one of his boyfriends’ thick cocks, he was breathtaking.
With a satisfied smile, Cas returned to his previous position, but not before pressing a kiss to the tip of Dean’s hard cock, and resumed tying knots. After that, Castiel started talking about the warning signs of nerve compression, explaining that, while he would do everything he could to reduce risks, Dean had to also be vigilant in listening to his body, telling him that Cas wanted to know about any tingling, numbness, or unusual sensation and that he should use the word yellow to express that something felt odd. He also told Dean to say if he’d start to feel any signs of fainting.
Even the way people looked at them – either curiously or suspiciously – couldn’t quell the man’s excitement, and it was truly heartwarming.
“You don’t have to make dinner for me, Sam. I think Jess has better things to do than fix me some meal.”
He hated it. He hated having so much time with himself because then Dean would be alone with his thoughts and they would have the chance to eat at him as they always did. He would have enough time to listen to the voice say that this was what he deserved, that he was a terrible person, and that he was doomed to be alone because no one would ever stand to be around him longer than absolutely necessary.
He slowly pulled his fingers back out and watched Dean’s chest heaving for a second before he grabbed his hips and helped him turn onto his back and lay down on the cushions. It was the first time Cas got to see Dean’s face during their act of passion and he was stunned into silence by it for a moment. Dean looked mesmerizing, his eyes were glistening and drooping, glazed over with bliss, his pupils blown and there was a tiny, satisfied grin on his lips. His face, ears and chest were flushed, accentuating his freckles, and there was a thin sheen of sweat covering his body. When Castiel locked his eyes onto Dean’s, the blonde blinked up at him lazily and it was so breathtaking, it literally took away Cas’ breath for a second until he gained enough control to calm himself.
As the waitress spoke, Jimmy noticed how long they’ve been sitting there without saying anything to each other and he realized he’s been smiling this whole time when he turned his head to look at her. “Oh, yes. Thank you, I’d like a coffee, black, and a piece of your pie of the day.”
Even though he knew Dean was fine, the scene was still very fresh and his lover’s cries and grunts kept on replaying in his mind, making him feel miserable. Dipping his head down, Jimmy latched his lips on to the crook of Dean’s neck underneath the collar and kissed him there, trying to calm down before he started to sob or hiccup.
The blonde knew exactly how much they loved when he talked dirty, how to turn them into wild animals driven by lust with merely his words, and Castiel felt a dark thrill of possessiveness at those words and how clear Dean was making it that no one had ever managed to give it to him as good as they have. So he burst forward and crushed his lips against Dean’s in an unforgiving and bruising kiss, ravishing his mouth with his tongue as it sought out Dean’s and every crevice of his hot wetness. Dean reciprocated as much as he could with the way Cas was ravaging his mouth and he moaned when Cas started kissing him earnestly, guiding his lips with his own, parting them, taking his bottom lip between his own, and sliding his tongue inside whenever he had a chance to. Once they parted to breathe and to let their lungs recover from this rather heavy make-out session, Jimmy placed one hand underneath Dean’s chin to guide his face towards his and kiss him as well, though a bit gentler than Castiel had. It was still rough, though, because Jimmy knew that Dean liked it this way whenever they found themselves in a situation quite like this one.
“So you’re saying you aren’t good looking?” In her desperation, Jessica tried humor but ended up being looked at with an unamused glare. “What do you mean?”
Castiel used the space to slot a leg between Dean’s thighs, rolling his knee up hard and drawing out a moan from Dean. Their bodies were now a solid line against his and he loved the attention he was given. By now, his dick was hard and insistent against Castiel's hip and when Jimmy gripped his chin to break the kiss between Cas and Dean to turn his face towards his own and crush their lips together in a bruising kiss, Dean thought that his knees were going to be weak. Now Cas’ lips were insistent and wet on his neck and after a while, Dean realized that he was placing kisses on top of the bruises at the same time as he rolled his hips into Dean and Jimmy slid his hand into his panties to take him into his hand.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed out, feeling his dick give a twitch and weep at its tip at Cas’ touch. He let his thumb swipe across the head, gathering pre-cum, and instead of continuing to stroke Dean, Castiel pulled his hand back out and popped his thumb into his mouth to taste him, smirking around his digit with a mischievous glint in his eyes.
Once they were all seated and comfortable, coffee in their hands and limbs tangled, they merely reveled in the closeness to each other and sat in comfortable silence, facing the very high glass railing, overlooking the city laid out below them. It was quiet since it was still fairly early for a Saturday morning and it looked almost peaceful from their point of view, glittering and harmonious in a way that it never truly was when Castiel stood down there.
Dean’s words, however soft they were spoken, had formed a lump in Castiel’s throat and he swallowed once, thickly, as his emotions threatened to overwhelm him once more. It was sad to hear that Dean’s brain still tried to play such games with him and that it seemed more likely to Dean that they were a part of his dreams, his imagination, rather than reality based on the fact that they were too good for him. They had tried to show him every day how precious and loved he was, how worthy of love he was, but it still didn’t settle in his brain and it was something that made Cas want to cry whenever he thought about it.
With merely the towel wrapped around his waist, Dean left the room and walked past his boyfriends on light feet, receiving a whistle from Jimmy and a fond smile from Cas, which wasn’t as innocent as it seemed once he saw those hungry eyes that belonged to the face. Smirking, he put some extra swift into his steps and made sure to capture their gazes with his swinging hips because he was
Castiel wanted to get to know him better, he just didn’t know if he’d ever get the chance to do so and that made him sad. He didn’t have any idea why he felt like this and it started to freak him out. He felt like losing control over his own feelings and he had always been good at monitoring them.
“At least I had when I was younger, I haven’t been out like this in years and it is possible that my skills have gotten a little rusty,” Cas said, sounding slightly timid about it, which would have been all kinds of cute if Dean wasn’t still so aroused by his previous threat.
, and when their child is born, we’ll spoil it like our own and I’ll be the favorite, way cooler uncle…
“Oh,” he merely whispered, staring down on Jimmy’s lips while his hand strayed from Jimmy’s waist up to his chest, placing it flat against the skin there. Then, Dean locked his gaze on to his again, his eyes vibrant and intense, and it was all Jimmy needed to lean in and kiss his boyfriend passionately.
Castiel’s question was soft and he smiled as he watched the two so closely together, breaking Jimmy out of the haze he’d gotten into. “Yeah,” he breathed out, nodding.
Letting out a frustrated and angry huff, Castiel said, “Then change it! Goddamnit! Let me be there for you! Let me,
Scooting even closer into Dean’s side so that his knee ended up pressing against Dean’s, Cas took a moment to just stare at him with a controlled expression that Dean was by now all too good at reading. It was Cas’ Dom making sure his submissive was fine while also wanting to test his boundaries and patience. It was also the look he always had right before he was about to tease the Hell out of Dean just for the fun of it, and he tried his best to prepare himself for what was to come but still choked on a moan in a desperate try to stifle it when Cas brought a hand down between his slightly parted legs to palm Dean’s cock through his pants.
And there it went… Of course, Dean wasn’t able to accept the fact that he was indeed giving them much more than they’ve ever anticipated for the mere reason that he was Dean. And, like so many other times before, Castiel couldn’t just let it go and insisted, “You do, Dean.”
Castiel swallowed thickly and his eyes glistened suspiciously now, as he sat up straight with his legs crossed and elbows propped on his knees, hands dangling. “I ruined things with Dean, Jimmy…” his voice was shaky and quiet, raw with emotion. “I-I may have ruined what we have with him and I-I…” He searched for words, his mouth opening and closing a few times, but came up with nothing.
A big, bright smile spread across Cas’ face and he placed a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips as he whispered, “You’re amazing, thank you.”
“I’m not sure myself where that came from… it’s just… Dean told me he was a sexual Submissive and unlike Cas, I don’t have any experience in that field but I’ve heard about professional Subs once and because Dean has those nice and elegant hands, I kinda assumed he’d… you know?” He cleared his throat once, drying off his hands in the towel to distract from his past mistake.
One of Dean’s hands remained on Cas’ shoulder, short nails digging into his flesh and certainly leaving crescent-shaped indents on his skin, which made Castiel’s lust and hunger inflame. The other hand was hanging from the couch, gripping the frame of the sofa tightly.
“Are we that ugly?” Jimmy joked, chuckling slightly as Dean peeked up at him through a slit of one eye, grinning.
“I mean,” Cas said, taking a step forward and placing his hand on Jimmy’s shoulder carefully, as if expecting him to slap it away, “when we were still downstairs and I calmed Dean down, he asked if you were okay. And when I asked him as to why he wanted to know that, Dean said he was worried you might experience a drop of sorts.”
Believe it or not, the guy had the guts to try yet another kiss with Dean, but this time he was mad enough to shove Michael away so hard, that he stumbled over the threshold. And this was the point where Dean went wrong. Because, instead of giving another punch right after the first one when Michael was still stunned and unprepared for it, he reached for the door again, wanting to slam it into his face, but before he could, a large and strong hand locked around his wrist as Michael rumbled, “No, you don’t get it!”
Smiling fondly, Jimmy nodded and said, “You’re right. And he’ll love them, I’m sure of it.” Cas merely nodded and gave him a small smile before turning back to the groceries. “Well, I’ll wake up Dean so he can see what you bought, come join us?”
“Very well,” he mused, grabbing the bullet vibrator and extending it to Jimmy before taking hold of the riding crop, sliding his fingers along the shaft and across the flexible leather tress. His decision to use the crop for this punishment had come easily since they’ve had plenty of spankings before and he wasn’t quite ready yet to use the cane on Dean. Of course, he could have chosen a flogger as well, but that would have been inconvenient because floggers were harder to control and not as precise and he didn’t want to strike Dean’s hole and risk hurting him, so he had grabbed the crop. He loved its weight in his hand, it made him feel strangely powerful, but with it also came a lot of responsibility and caution, and he knew how to work with that. “Now, as your punishment,” Castiel began, staring down at his submissive before meeting his twin’s gaze, “Jimmy is going to press a vibrator against your penis, make it leak and throb, but since you’ve come already, you won’t get to have another release until we say so.”
Sam closed the door after his brother entered the apartment and chuckled at Dean’s antics. He had already lost his jacket and kicked off his boots by the time Sam turned around and answered, “Missed this?” He pointed at the scattered clothes on the floor with an amused head-shake. “Right. Of course.” Dean caught the false annoyance in his look and smiled cockily, looking about the room he was standing in as if he’d never seen it before. “So, how’ve you been? Anything new happen during the days we didn’t call?”
Crossing the space between them, Jessica explained, “Your hair.” She ran her hands through the spiky dark, sandy blonde strands.
Dean wished he could slap and punch that ugly smile right off that motherfucker‘s face, but there was something way more important to ask, and he stuttered, “Ho-how do you know all that?”
Leaning in, Cas placed one more, this time, chaste kiss to his boyfriend’s mouth and smiled sweetly when he felt Dean’s grin against his lips. Parting from Dean’s mouth again, Cas said, “I can’t wait for the scene today.”
It was whispered but the regret with which it was said sent another stab of pain right into Castiel’s chest and he surged forward, grasping Dean’s face with both his hands and pressing a soft kiss to his lips. “Dean, it’s okay. I understand.” Then Castiel let one of his hands slip down his body until it found Dean’s hand and laced their fingers, bringing them up between them. “I understand.”
There were still bruises covering Dean’s asscheeks, some barely visible, others dark red and purple, and Castiel made sure that he didn’t accidentally hurt his boyfriend by digging his fingers too deep into them. Jimmy must have seen him working on Dean’s butt because he asked, “Does it still hurt?” in a soft and gentle voice.
Jimmy smiled because Dean blushed again and that explained why he did before. He was embarrassed to ask about this. “Actually, yes, I do. I have a very big tattoo that covers half of my back and my arms to the elbows.”
After that, they fell into an easy conversation and talked about the beach trips they used to have. Since Dean couldn’t really keep up with the conversation, he picked around in the fire with a stick to get it to burn brighter and then started to spear the sticks with the bread into the sand, so that they were partly over the fire without having to be held. When he was done with that, he told a story about how he and his brother had found that lake once and that he tried teaching a five-year-old Sammy how to swim in its disgusting water. Dean said that it had taken almost the entire afternoon until Sam had finally been able to swim six feet from where Dean was back to the shore and Sam bitterly informed that the main thing he remembered from that day was how much of that nasty brown lake water he had swallowed throughout it. The only reaction from his older brother to that was a hearty laugh and the reassurance that, even if he did swallow a ton of that water-feces-mixture, he hadn’t gotten sick because Winchesters are tough folks.
Stepping aside to let Dean in, Castiel watched as the blonde took a hesitant step into the apartment, probably remembering the last time they were in here together. He looked good –
After a while, Dean thought he felt the slightest ghost of breath on his belly and he was about to get his hopes up when the feeling was gone and he noticed that he had been fantasizing once more. This time, he couldn’t stop the uncomfortable squirm at being left behind like this and the soft rustling of the sheet underneath him broke the tortuous silence in the room. It was as if the two had left the room and Dean wasn’t sure if he could still feel their eyes on his body or if it was just his imagination. And when even more time seemed to pass by – it could have been minutes or hours – he started to think that they truly left the room, but then he felt the warmth of another body close to his chest and he sighed happily when that person decided to have tortured him enough and started teasing him with his breath against Dean’s skin.
When Dean calmed down again, the three of them went back into the bathroom to brush their teeth in somewhat tense silence – but a good kind of tense
Jimmy and Cas burst into laughter and Dean tried to hide his amused smile but failed miserably as he chuckled slightly. “Yeah, yeah,” he laughed, his eyes sparkling with amusement. “Keep laughing, but you’ve never seen a dong-zilla close up.”
“Whatever you need.” And like that, the blonde just let himself be held by Jimmy, curling against his body and closing his eyes with the side of his head resting on his shoulder while warm water still rained down on them, and gave Jimmy some time to sort out his thoughts.
Dean had managed to get rid of all his furniture over the course of three weeks, an old friend of his even gave him some cash for the couch and TV, which Dean was pretty happy about. His apartment was therefore completely empty safe for the fitted kitchen and a few blankets and pillows on the floor in the center of the living room that posed as his makeshift bed. Since the linoleum floor was hard and unforgiving, Dean’s back had been stiff for a few days now and it all just added up to his mood.
“If you’re gonna ask for my brother’s hand, I gotta tell ya I’m a bit disappointed that you have to ask the big question and not he, but you still got my blessing.” He sat down next to her and Jessica bit her lip to stop herself from laughing, though it was good to know that Dean would be happy with her being his sister-in-law.
“I missed this,” Dean sighed happily and Cas opened his eyes to gaze at his content smile. They both whispered a responding “me too,” and Castiel almost forgot about his worries, if it hadn’t been for his greedy eyes taking in the blonde’s body and catching sight of two already healed laceration marks on the skin where his fingers were stroking Dean’s lower back. At the sight of physical pain that had been inflicted on their boyfriend, Cas felt anger bubbling up inside him and he knew it was Michael’s doing. Right then, he wanted to spit in the man’s face before punching his face bloody and whipping him just as unskilled as he did Dean. Maybe that was what had Dean down today.
Cas’ forehead creased in confusion, his mind running a mile a minute to make sense of what he just heard, but he couldn’t come up with an explanation for those words, so he asked, “What?
Standing behind the patio window, Castiel gripped the handle to slide it open even further so that they could pass through while looking at their boyfriend where he sat curled up in a beige blanket on one of the sunbeds with a cup of coffee clutched in both hands, lightly blowing into it to cool it off. When Cas slid open the window and walked towards him, feeling the fresh air and sun hitting his bare skin, Dean turned around and met their worried gazes. Though, as soon as the blonde greeted them with a breathtaking smile, all wide and soft and happy, all worry that had been there since Cas woke up just melted away, along with his heart when he greeted, “Morning sunshines…”
Jimmy could see Cas fight with himself, trying to figure out what to do and how to do it right. Castiel had always been a very emotional person and Jimmy knew this must have been hard for him, so it wasn’t at all a surprise when he switched to Dom-mode and let his instincts take over.
Jimmy couldn’t wait to see Dean be double penetrated. He had only seen stuff like this in porn before, which was why he had been even more excited when they had planned the scene last week. And just the thought was enough to make him quicken his pace and chase his release.
And while it crested, Jimmy thrusting in and out, taking Dean’s breath away, Cas' lips met his own softly, belying their passion with a gentle tenderness that struck Dean to the core and
Jimmy slapped Dean’s chest playfully at his amused chuckle and warned, “Don’t tempt me, Winchester.” His breathing was still harsh and loud, though.
“But there was just so much going on with me ‘cause it was also the time that I realized I liked boys and it freaked me out. No one at our school was gay and whenever someone acted like that, they were punched into the hospital or bullied and I didn’t want this. But, God, there were a few guys in my classes that I just couldn’t stop checking out and it got so hard to hide it all the time, that I was constantly tired and moody. Well, and so I started skipping school more often to avoid trouble but also to avoid that Alastair. The guy started to creep me out. He was always there. Not following me but more like stalking. Wherever I went or when I turned a corner, Alastair was there. He wasn’t always staring at me, but he was always close and when he stared at me, I used to feel like my skin was crawling and I just wanted to run ‘cause there was this hunger in his eyes and I fucking knew what it meant. So I skipped school a lot but I would attempt it whenever Sam got suspicious, to avoid worrying him.”
Actually, they’ve never really loved any of them like they should’ve been able to, which was the reason why cutting them completely out of their lives three months ago hadn’t been hard at all. Soon after what had happened with Michael, Cas and Jimmy had figured out that Naomi had known all along that Michael’s last fiancé had left him because of domestic violence. In fact, Michael had had a reputation for sexually harassing about everyone he found attractive and their mother had never done anything about it, so they’d decided then and there to cut all ties with their ‘family’.
Dean merely nodded and purred again as Castiel moved his hands down from his waist to his hips and kneaded this part of his back. Cas’ fingers were so close to the hem of Dean’s pants that he brushed the fabric occasionally and after a while, he just couldn’t keep himself from trailing lower and lower until his fingers slid into his jeans and boxers and started kneading Dean’s buttocks. The sound Dean made for Cas then was just intoxicating and he watched, mesmerized, as Dean’s body slackened while he groaned loudly.
Spitting the words out angrily towards him, Dean lowered his voice and snarled, “Are you out of your damn mind?! Don’t you fucking try that again, you ba–” But before he could even finish his threat or register what was happening next, Michael was on him again, this time even more aggressive, and he made Dean stumble backward with the assault as the Dom gripped his biceps with both hands and kept him firmly against his body while trying to push his tongue down Dean’s throat.
Next to him, Jimmy’s teeth showed in an excited grin and he said, “Right. Have you ever heard of an erotic full body massage?”
“Well, then I get to wake up with your dick inside me, which must be nice…” Dean mused, tracing patterns along the skin of Jimmy’s arm.
Which was what he did next. Jimmy grabbed his cellphone that he had left behind in the hallway by the door and dialed Cas’ number, pressing call and waiting for him to pick up.
“I-I’m here to inform you… that,” Sam’s shoulders are shaking now, tears running freely and Castiel fights everything inside him to stop himself from breaking down in front of Dean’s brother. He tries again, voice more determined. “I’m here to inform you that Dean Winchester has fallen in war.”
Nodding, Dean said, “My temperature is going down again and I feel better now. Definitely good enough for some sexy time.”
When they left the restaurant, Cas walked with him for a while until their paths split and Dean really didn’t want it to be over then. This day had been great and Dean was so happy, he could annoy the hell out of his brother with all the energy. They stopped at the end of the street and just stood facing each other, doing that staring-thing they did. Cas’ eyes were a shade of deep, dark blue in the low lightening of the streets and they were almost hypnotizing as Dean found himself getting lost in the depths of it.
Though, Dean’s deep and slow breathing was what lulled him to a feeling of love and protection, combined with their current position, which, after all, managed to lull him to sleep.
When Jimmy lifted his head to look at his twin, Castiel nodded with a sympathetic smile on his lips and said, “Yes, I understand completely what you’re saying, Jimmy.” He was playing with a strand of dark, sandy blonde hair, gazing down at Dean with fond and admiring eyes. “That’s what I need, to be exact. As a Dom, I don’t need sex, it’s merely a nice bonus. What I need is for my Subs to need me. Sure, during a scene, they rely on me and trust me to do whatever we talked about beforehand to make them feel good, but the part of being a Dom that really satiates
“Nah, you’re pretty okay.” Castiel and Jimmy burst into heartfelt laughter at that and because of the vibrations coming from them and going through Dean’s body as well, the blonde soon turned his face to grin up at them cheekily. “How long have I been out?” he asked once they calmed down again.
Flashing him a triumphant smirk, Sam said, “I always am,” and Dean rolled his eyes at him, giving Sammy’s shoulder another shove and laughing when his long hair bounced funnily at the abrupt motion.
While showering, Castiel avoided touching himself as best as possible because he really didn’t want to start anything and risk dinner getting burnt, so it only took him a few minutes until he stepped out and wrapped and secured a towel around his hips, walking out of the room to check on the food. When he opened the oven, Cas was met with a delicious smell of steak and veggies as the steam hit his face. Closing it again, he decided he still had enough time to get dressed and set the table, which was exactly what he did then.
They were so close now, just breathing together as Castiel fingered Dean’s loose hole – Jimmy was 99 percent sure that this was exactly what his twin was doing – before Cas tilted his head back to look at Dean with big and dark eyes, whispering, “You’re slick.”
Dean fought for words to say but after a few tries, he just slumped his shoulders and gave up. Castiel didn’t let it go yet, though, because he caught Dean's chin between his thumb and forefinger and tilted his head up. When their eyes met, Castiel's breath hitched and Jimmy felt impossibly overwhelmed with emotions as he took in Dean’s red-rimmed eyes, tear-streamed cheeks, and trembling lips. He barely kept from crying at the sight and Castiel’s voice was thick with emotion when he realized, “You don’t think you deserve to be loved.”
“There’s another sandwich for you. Maybe you’d like to take my offer Cas so rudely declined…” he shot a glare at Cas with no real heat behind it, smirking when his pupils managed to dilate even further, and watched as Jimmy nodded his head eagerly without even knowing what the offer was.
With an admiring expression, Castiel keeps moving, holding Dean tightly against his body and kissing the top of his head; burying his nose in sweat-dampened hair. He loves the way their bodies fit so perfectly against one another – like they were meant to be together – and tries to chase his orgasm to keep Dean from overstimulating; his whimpers are getting louder.
This man fucking attempted to rape the love of his life and Castiel had never seen as red in his life as he did now – faced with this utter disgrace of a human being. He couldn’t even stop assaulting Michael if he wanted to.
Then, Jimmy positioned himself in front of Dean, standing above him and shielding him from Cas’ view, who could either try and see through Jimmy’s parted legs or watch his clothed back, so he decided to just rest his head back and relax. The new angle, though, made it possible for him to see Dean’s face between Jimmy’s legs and when he turned his head to the side and looked up, he had a clear view of what was going on, so he then decided to just watch.
on the fabric of his pants, “Who does that? To twins?! I don’t wanna ruin your relationship... I could never live with the fact that I destroyed it because I’m a brother, too, and without Sammy… I’d never be the same after that. I heard what you said but you…” There was a long pause and another tear dropped down onto his jeans, making Jimmy’s eyes sting with emotion. “You two need each other more than you need me. Because you’re family and–and family cares for each other. Family stays forever, I’ll just be another chapter of your life and as much as I’d like that, I would never want to hurt you like this. And to be honest, I don’t want to be just another chapter because that’s who I am – way too selfish for any of you.” Dean let his hands fall from his face and they dangled between his knees but Jimmy still wasn’t able to see his face because his head was bowed down too much. “So please, I'm sorry… but I can’t… this is not–”
The shower had washed away the long day and once Jimmy had calmed down enough, he had run his hands over every inch of Dean, from his bowed legs to his hard, rosy nubs and into his dark blonde hair, trying to make up for the pain he’d felt with the soft touches of his hands.
When Dean spoke again, his lips trembled and his eyes shone with unshed tears as he locked eyes with her. “I can’t, Jess. It’s my home and I work there.”
A part of him wonders how there’s even any voice left to his screams; his throat feels like it’s on fire, but then it feels like nothing at all compared to the bone-crushing, deafening sound of his own agony and the fist-sized gaping hole in his chest that used to be the place where his heart kept pounding life into his veins, but is now tearing at his soul and ripping him apart and destroying all there was that Castiel thought life was worth living for. There used to be a place where Castiel kept all the love for this particular man, and only ever him – always – locked up inside him and safe.
Jimmy’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts as he said, “I don’t know,” and Cas gave his twin a sad little smile, knowing exactly what he meant with that. “Why did you spend your night here?”
“Are you comfortable, Dean?” Cas asked, placing his hands above the bridge of his lover’s feet to cover them with his palms and dropping his chin to press a kiss onto one of his toes.
The best of all this, though, was that Dean was happier than Castiel had ever seen him, and he filled their daily lives with so much joy and fresh air, it was astounding. There was a lightness to him like a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders that had been there for years, and he shone as though from the inside, beautiful and good. And Castiel’s heart ached with it.
Dean took on his shirt after that and went to get his leather jacket to take it on as well, still smiling the same way.
It wasn’t the most satisfying and ideal answer, but Castiel knew that Dean needed to tell them now unless he couldn’t move on. And Cas wanted him to move on and be happy, so he nodded at the same time as Jimmy did, watching Dean with cautious eyes and giving him space to sort his thoughts.
But it wasn’t the fact that Dean was touched without permission or that this guy came on to him like this that had made Dean freeze. Cas was determined to make him forget about whatever it was for now, though.
“Not sad, just…” he trailed off, looking down on his hand where it fiddled with Cas’ cover. It took a moment for him to talk again, and when he did, Dean was looking at Jimmy once more, “Sometimes, I get the feeling you think you’ll hurt me or something…”
But then he remembered that Cas hadn’t allowed him to come yet and he was astounded by the sheer amount of control Dean held over his own body to be a good boy for him and comply. It was so hot, that Jimmy felt his cock twitch once more, spitting the last of his release into Dean and he sighed, stroking his lover’s sides and carefully pulling out.
Taking the list, Dean concentrated on the words written down on it and Cas watched as their boyfriend went through all of them once again before meeting their eyes and saying, “Okay, I’ll just list everything that isn’t a hard limit or something I don’t ever wanna do and afterward, I can tell you what’s most important for me and what I like to do.” At their mutual nodding, Dean listed, “Anal hooks, sex and plugs, asphyxiation, ball stretching, bathroom use control, soft beating, blindfolds, bondage, breast or chest bondage, breath control,” smiling cheekily, Dean continued, “Breeding, bruises, caning, chains, choking, chores, cock milking, rings, whipping and worship, collars, crops and riding crops, cuffs, dildos, discipline, double penetration – only with a toy as second dick – edging, enemas, face fucking and slapping, fellatio, flogging, following orders, forced masturbation and nudity, frottage, gags, genital sex, hair pulling – I fucking love that – hand jobs, harnessing, giving and receiving head, ice cubes, immobilization, impact play, intricate bondage, Japanese bondage, kneeling, leather restraints, lectures for misbehavior, lingerie wearing – only panties though – manacles or irons, massages, medical scenes, name change, nipple clamps, play or torture and weights, oral or anal play, orgasm control or denial, outdoor scenes and sex, Over-the-knee spanking, pain, power exchange, prostate massages and milking, public exposure, punishments, rope body harnesses, scratching, sensation play, sensory deprivation, serving and serving orally, shaving, spanking, speculums, spreader bars, suspension, swallowing semen, teasing, tickling, urethral play and sounds, wax play, whipping, and wooden paddles.”
“Very well, my dear,” he said, straightening up and walking towards the nightstand to grab the water and reach it out to Dean yet again. When he moved to sit up with his legs crossed, Dean realized that he was still impaled on the toy and hissed as the new angle stretched his rim even more. Taking the bottle, Dean downed the rest of it and was rewarded with a pleased-looking Dom once he reached it back out for him to deposit.
Afterward, they had showered together with Jimmy and then made Dean go into bed, naked. Cas had been so worn out and tired, that Jimmy had provided for aftercare last night. But he’d been very enthusiastic and gentle, which had warmed Cas’ heart in a different way than Dean’s beautiful compliance had done.
The blonde didn’t answer, didn’t even seem to acknowledge him, and the closer Jimmy came, the clearer it got what was happening. Dean’s breathes came harsh and fast, sounding alarmingly trembling – even though he obviously tried to tame it in – and his chest heaved dramatically, his body shaking. Seeing Dean panic like this never ceased to affect Jimmy, and he furiously blinked away the tears that were threatening to spill over at seeing his boyfriend in such a state.
It all happened at the same time. Castiel could feel Dean’s cock jerk underneath his tongue before he was taking as much of him into his mouth as he could and swallowing Dean’s cum as he came with a shout while running his hands over Dean’s body with reverence, stroking each muscle and feeling it move under him. With his body locking down around Jimmy, his twin was spurred on enough to adjust his hold around Dean to lift his hips and thrust into him a few times before that managed to tip him over the edge as well and Jimmy groaned as their boyfriend’s ass was probably milking him of everything he had to give since he was still coming himself.
Another moan was ripped out of him at the praise and he felt like he was going to melt into his boyfriends’ hands if they kept going on like this. “They want you, Dean. But only we can have you. And fuck, do you have any idea how powerful that makes me feel? How good?” Cas grunted into his ear, and yes, that was totally his hard dick poking Dean’s thigh and making him groan. He reached out his hands and searched for Cas’ zipper blindly, fumbling to get it open as soon as his finger made contact with it.
Nodding, Cas asked, “Anything you’d like to watch?” He wished for so much more to happen than just watching a movie together this night, but Castiel took everything he got and was grateful for that. Even though his bed was just a room away and his drawer was filled with condoms and lube and he wanted to spend it all on Dean.
When Castiel looked at Jimmy, he saw him gliding his oily hands up and down Dean’s arms before starting to massage them as well, also paying attention to his hands. Cas grabbed the bottle of oil and poured some more into his palm, then walked around the table to stand at its foot and gliding the back of his hands across the soles of Dean’s feet. He massaged them for a moment before going on with his legs and kneading the muscles of his calves. Then he put pressure into his arms and hands and slid them upwards, tracing Dean’s legs until Cas reached his thighs and started rubbing and kneading the tender flesh, always letting his fingers glide down between his legs to tease the blonde’s sensitive inner thighs.
While Castiel tried to calm his breathing and Dean nosed along the arch of his neck, trailing kisses along his clavicle and jugular and mouthing his throat, he reveled in the feel of his boyfriend’s weight on him, pressed chest to chest, stomach to stomach and crotch to crotch against each other, and kept him there with the hand still between his shoulders. The other one caressed the skin of Dean’s arm where it was propped up next to Castiel’s chest and traveled down to his elbow, then placed it on his back and slid it down the curve of his spine, not stopping until his fingers brushed the waistband of his boxers.
Together, they watched Dean fall asleep like that, looking so content and happy and sweet, that Cas had a hard time convincing himself to close his eyes and get some sleep as well, wanting to stay right here forever and be able to trace the pattern of Dean’s freckles with his gaze while letting his breathing follow the pattern that Dean had set.
Sam manages a small smile, still a sad one, and says, regretfully: “That sounds like something Dean would do. You had to be important to him as well, then.”
Dean laughed and grabbed the menu, tugging at his shirt with the other hand. “I wear a tee under that.”
and emptied himself for the last time inside of his submissive. The orgasm was so intense, that Castiel lost himself in it, his hips rolling of their own accord, body pressing down against Dean as he took his pleasure.
Giving him a disbelieving look, Dean realized, “You’re drunk. Go home, Michael. This is none of your business and I told you that I won’t stay. Outside of our arrangement, we didn’t have anything to do with each other. So leave.” He was about to close the door but Michael stopped it by taking a step into the apartment without permission and standing right in Dean’s personal space where he could smell the alcohol in Michael's breath. Dean took a cautious step back and met his glazed eyes again.
Cas smiled happily, his chest feeling heavy with warmth and love. This had so far been their best birthday yet and he couldn’t wait to spend more of them with Dean in the future, as his husband.
Jimmy didn’t answer but a guilty look did cross his features for a second and Cas said, “It sounds as if you’re sad about it.” He knew how much Dean liked lazy morning sex, although, it wasn’t yet too late for it…
, the food. Castiel had completely forgotten about that. “It’s uh,” he started walking into the kitchen, Dean following after him, “sheet pan steak with broccoli and tomatoes and ball peppers.” Then, he opened the oven and was relieved to see that the vegetables were just a little bit browner than usual but not black and inedible. Dean was hiding a smile when Cas turned around and he tilted his head and cocked a brow at him questioningly.
Without his say-so, he could feel a few new tears falling down his cheeks and he hurried to wipe them away with the back of his hand. But it was too late since Cas already saw them and was now staring at him with sympathetic, almost guilty, eyes. As if understanding what had Jimmy so rattled.
“No, it’s not– it’s nothing I bought or anything like that,” Dean hurried to assure, looking at Jimmy, then at Cas. “Can we sit?”
As he glanced at his twin, he could see the spark in his eyes and the loving expression with which he was staring at Dean and his neck. As he was staring at what was
“Not sure if it’s us he talks about, but we’re his boyfriends,” Jimmy answered when Cas could only stare at him curiously, searching for words.
And just as he made a move to take a step into Dean’s direction, a pair of arms from a person in the crowd locked around his chest and pulled him back, yanking him close by the collar of his shirt and growling, “Try that and you’ll lose a hand,” into his face. Before Michael could’ve even responded, a fist came flying to his face, the knuckles connecting loudly with his nose, which started bleeding mere seconds after that.
Now, Cas stroked his hands over Dean’s stretched belly because he couldn’t help but admire how lean it was in this position, his fingers trickling up and down in a feather-light touch as he started to worship it. He traced his hands along the length of it, gliding up and down very slowly and making sure that Dean understood that being allowed to touch him like this was a privilege to Castiel while relishing the feel of Dean’s hot and soft skin underneath his fingertips. “My beautiful boy,” he praised softly, running his fingers lightly over the muscles in his abdomen, and listened to Dean keen even as he started to squirm at the ticklish feeling of his touch. The submissive was already far into subspace by now and Cas’ touch only helped him drift deeper into it while turning him into putty. He still managed to hum and purr with contentment, though, and when Castiel flicked his gaze down on his face, he saw that Dean’s eyes were even a little bit open as he tried to gaze at them.
So he knew that it took a lot of work and time, and because his ass was already accustomed to their length and girth and easily opened for either Cas or Jimmy, it hadn’t been difficult to use the first three toys, but this one was huge and Dean swallowed thickly as he jerked his hand up and down its shaft to coat it with lube until it was dripping with it.
They all shared a moment of silence, merely their harsh breathing breaking it, until they heard the door of the exit opening and closing again. Dean took a step back at that but still kept his hand on Castiel’s shoulder to keep the contact between them, and when Cas felt him tense, he lifted his head and looked forward. Michael was slumped against the wall next to them, pressing a piece of cloth underneath his broken nose to stop the blood flow. He looked like shit but Cas’ imagination still came up with more satisfying conditions for his brother, especially when he saw the amused smile with which he was staring at their group.
He paused shortly to check in with Jimmy, who was following every word Cas said intently. “Dean’s hands are only one thing about his body that tell the truth. While concentrating on Dean’s breathing isn’t always an option, considering we’re not always in positions where we can see it, it is still a way to check in on him. Or during punishments, the way Dean holds himself is another indication of how he feels. It is perfectly normal for your body to go tense with pain and it’s just as normal to cry. I’ve had Subs that cried about half an hour after a spanking session only half this hard but they were alright. But I’ve also had sessions that didn’t go well, where the Sub didn’t cry out of relief but because they felt actual pain.”
Then, he bent over his boyfriend’s back and started placing wet and open-mouthed kisses along his spine, and his skin was so wonderfully warm under Castiel’s mouth, that he found it difficult to detach himself, preferring instead to drag and brush his lips and tongue along whatever skin he could reach.
It was something they both agreed on – if they wanted to give Dean control for once and make this all about him, then he should also choose his way to orgasm. So, of course, if he wanted their cocks, they were happy to oblige. And really, it wasn’t a surprise. Dean had always been their beautiful power bottom and he loved being taken just as much as they loved giving it to him.
Frowning, Dean did what he was told and lifted his legs upwards to then bring his knees to his chest, holding his feet in the air. Castiel hummed contently at that and wrapped his large hands around Dean’s ankles to gently rest his feet against his own chest, each foot on one pec, getting into the right position, still on his knees though, and leaning his upper body slightly over the blonde so that the tops of Dean’s thighs pressed into Dean’s chest entirely. After a moment, the Sub raised his hips a bit without having to be told to and lined up his entrance with Cas’ stiff cock.
Entering their bedroom to find his twin’s face pushed deep into Dean’s ass to give him a vigorous rim-job was by far nothing new to Jimmy. And truly, it shouldn’t have been such a surprise, seeing as it was Dean’s birthday and Castiel never missed an opportunity to make their boyfriend feel good. But it seemed like his unannounced showing up had caught all of them by surprise because Castiel was looking at him with wide and mischievous eyes and Dean’s whole body deflated as a whimper chimed through the room at Cas’ absence.
“Mouth,” Dean managed to mumble, his eyes didn’t want to open fully to look at Jimmy. He was drifting fast today.
Cas took the sterilizer and started to prepare the sound, smiling slightly. “Yes, that is correct.” He watched him clean and sterilize the shiny metal for a while until Castiel seemed to deem it ready, and then covered it with a healthy amount of lubricant.
“No,” Jimmy admitted quietly, making sure to meet Dean’s emerald eyes. “I get how you feel. Some days I just stop in my tracks and can’t help but wonder if you’ll still be there if I come home from work. Like… if I leave you now, you’ll be gone when I’m back ‘cause you were just a dream.” When Jimmy darted his eyes to Cas quickly, as if checking in, he could see that they were glassy and Dean leaned in to kiss Jimmy tenderly, showing him just how real he was.
But now that he was staring at the message, an uneasy and heavy feeling settled down into his stomach and his mind started making up various scenarios of what his twin could have ‘ruined’. He was sure that it had nothing to do with his work, maybe Cas had messed up some financial stuff or maybe it even was a joke and he ordered too many things for Dean again, though something deep inside Jimmy knew that that wouldn’t be the case either.
“Hm?” Dean hummed, closing his eyes and letting out a small breath as Cas leaned in to nose along his cheek.
“But isn’t…” Dean flicked his eyes between the two of them with a frown, picking at the hem of his shirt unconsciously, “isn’t that a sexual relationship?”
“Yeah, Gabe.” Chuckling, Jimmy said, “Who else would call his second home pied-à-terre in a terrible French accent?”
Castiel concentrated on staying still and just soaking up the sensations, taking in the gorgeous sight of Dean working himself up and down in his lap. He was absolutely breathtaking like this; sweating, breathing harshly, muscles working to make them both feel good. Beside his knees and feet working to get him to move up and down, Dean used his hips to roll his body back down on Cas, and he loved watching those beautiful muscles ripple right underneath the skin of Dean’s stomach. His cock was hard and leaking and Cas thought about touching him before deciding that he’d really like to see Dean come on his cock today. It bobbed up and down with each move of Dean, the motion drawing Cas’ attention for a while until he dragged his eyes up that gorgeous body in front of him. Dean’s nipples were hard and red, the clamps visibly digging into the nubs, and the chain swayed softly in the air before flapping back against Dean’s torso, making slight rattling noises. He reached his hand out to grip the chain, pulling on it just enough to make Dean feel the tug.
With a sly grin, Dean teased, “You always stay inside afterward?” His expression turned into a mischievous one then, and Castiel thought he’d clamp down around him as retort. What he didn’t expect Dean to do, though, was snake a hand between their bodies and feel where Cas rested inside of him. He let his finger trace his rim, stretched around Castiel’s cock, and smiled lazily at him, letting his hand fall back to its previous position.
As soon as the sound stopped and Dean met his eyes, Cas helped him get up again, whispering praises, and flushed the toilet for him, cleaning the few water droplets between his legs and pressing a kiss to his temple when Dean whispered a ‘thank you,’ before grabbing his wrists once more and guiding him back into the bedroom, where Jimmy was already laying in the right position.
Turning his head slowly, Dean let his eyes fall upon his own features, and then he shrugged, his gaze flicking from Cas to Jimmy. “Skin?”
“Now you do.” Jimmy’s smile got wider at Dean’s expression. His dimples showed when he smiled like that and it was breathtaking. He had never seen a more stunning face than his.
His smile widened and his eyes rounded with it. They were so unbelievably green and in the sunlight streaming in from outside, Castiel could see specks of gold all around his pupils and it was breathtaking. “Charmer.”
Jimmy’s hands sought out Dean’s sides and he brushed his fingers across the skin above his ribs as he said, “Love you, too,” and smiled happily.
So, he tightened his grip around his boyfriend, though not enough to hurt his tender flesh, and pulled him into their large shower, using Dean’s penis to tug him into it and making a low and pleased sound as their bodies collided.
Stopping for a moment to make sure Dean was fine, he asked, “You said that you’d let me practice felching on you, giving you a rim job is almost the same. Is that still okay?”
Cas frowned at first, looking at Dean with questioning eyes, before a slow grin spread his lips and he assumed, “Because I love bees.” When Dean nodded his head, he added, “That’s so sweet of you, Dean.”
With his fingers still buried inside himself, Dean tried to calm down and catch his breath again, and Jimmy used one hand to curl it around the base of his lover’s cock, licking along his shaft and cleaning it with his tongue. Dean’s skin was hot, and when he looked up at him, he saw how flushed he was, how glassy his eyes looked, and how his chest and belly rose and fell with each harsh breath as Cas circled his nipples with his thumb and kissed along his jaw.
Shrugging slightly, he said, “I dunno. Just standing there and letting you shave my most private parts… felt weird. Like my boyfriends shouldn’t do such things, you know?”
Next to him, Dean could hear Castiel swallow thickly, and when he turned his head to meet his eyes, he was shocked at how dark and intense they were. “Then, you push your cock inside of me along Jimmy’s and it’s so good, I lose my mind. For a moment, you just stay like this to soak up how tight I am around you two, but then you pull out and fuck me like the devil. Every time you push in, Jimmy pulls out and it’s making me float on air. And you fuck me so many times that I start to bulge with your cum... until I’m dry-orgasming and can’t go any longer.”
Then Cas withdrew from him and Dean felt him leave the bed, hearing footsteps. So he turned back around to watch his Dom walk towards their toy-supply and pull open the drawer, taking out the dildo he’d been talking about when they had planned the scene. It was a black silicon cock attached to a cockring, about seven inches long and five inches thick. Combined with Cas’ length and girth, it made for a super tight fit inside Dean, he already knew, and he swallowed thickly – if not hungrily – as the Dom walked back towards him only to stop in front of the bed and wrap his hand around the base of his cock, slowly sliding the cockring over his length and fitting it snugly around his shaft and balls. With the cockring in place, the silicon cock lay right above Cas’ own one and rested on his shaft, and when he stepped forward to get back into bed, both the real and the rubber cock bounced with each step.
Castiel isn’t able to bring that train of thought to an end – and even if he could, he’d rather not – because he hears the shots a millisecond before two hit his leg and shred his calf. He’s about to turn around when even more shots follow –
“First time I fell in love with a girl named Cassie, I was so freaked out, that I didn’t act on it or tried anything with her. Guess I was just already so fucked up that I didn’t want another responsibility in my life or another person I could fail.” The room was completely silent whenever Dean paused his story and Castiel was struggling to hold back his emotions at the things he told them. This was going to be worse than he thought.
Jimmy smiled sympathetically and squeezed his knee before withdrawing his hand and saying, “He’ll be happy about it, I know.”
Groaning, Jimmy collected a few pairs of boxer shorts from where they were laying around in the corner and threw them into the laundry basket. God, his apartment was a mess. “I swear, I will never tell you anything again!”
“If you’re really sorry,” Dean started, staring at Michael with emotionless and cold eyes, trying to put all his hate and anger and disgust into his gaze and voice when he demanded, “then leave.”
Warm enemas came with a big plus because warm water helped relax the anus and made it easier for Dean to take the full size of the nozzle-slash-plug while Jimmy worked his urethra up to wider sounds with beaded textures. Castiel had stopped stimulating him with the plug once it was inflated enough and just enjoyed watching Dean, watching his slit being teased and toyed with. He loved how keen their boyfriend was to have both his holes open and stuffed, and Cas saw that he was already close to the edge, his cock twitching and his pre-cum slicking the way as Jimmy guided the thickest rod they owned into his slit while holding him still with a hand wrapped around his base. The sight was absolutely stunning and Cas couldn’t have torn his eyes off of it if his life depended on it.
Honestly, sometimes, it could even be a bit intimidating to hear about the things Dean had tried and about his experiences – at least for Jimmy, who had close to zero experience when it came to kinks or BDSM stuff. And it wasn’t just what he had experienced thus far, but
“Actually, it doesn’t have to be the case. Subs may engage in that to free themselves from commitment, their responsibilities and all the stress and chaos they meet in their daily lives. They do it because it makes them let go of all that, makes them feel good for once. Doms may need this sense of control, they need someone to care for or just require someone else to depend on them to feel needed and useful. Some may let out their frustration and build-up anger in a positive way that brings others pleasure or makes them feel good without having to hurt someone and can even enjoy it themselves. It doesn’t always have to be because they like to be dominated or take away control from others, are masochists or sadists, or feel turned on by it, there are people out there who just need this to stay sane. Some might need to clean their entire house to clear their minds, Subs and Doms shed their baggage when they enter the playroom or the bed-chamber. It’s just like that.”
Next to him, Castiel seemed to ignore that altogether as he let out an angry huff and growled, “You take your hands off my boyfriend right now or you’ll find your testicles detached from your body, if you so desire.”
Jimmy was talking again, Dean felt the vibrations of it against his thigh once more, and he tried to listen, but it was hard so far gone already. “Do you like being our good boy, Dean? Our perfect submissive?”
Benny had been picked up from Sam to stay at his place for the night since he’d wanted to give them, especially Dean, some space. The younger Winchester had been understandably worried and scared for his brother when he’d arrived at the police station. But Dean had asked him to wait with his questions until he was ready to answer them and Sam had understood his wish, seeing how tired his older brother was.
Dean first met Jimmy’s eyes, then Cas’, and nodded in acceptance of their words before shifting slightly. The movement reminded Castiel that they were still connected to each other and that he was still hard and aroused, even though it had been forgotten about for a while. The blonde shot him a suggestive smirk before whispering, “I love you both, too.”
After a few minutes, Jimmy joined them in the tub as well, holding a washcloth in his hand while lowering his body into the water in front of them. Cas watched him get comfortable for a moment, then said, “He’s still very out of it,” as he stroked the soft skin of Dean’s belly.
Smiling softly, Cas said, “We’ll be tying your wrists and ankles to the spreader bar now so that we’ll have perfect access to the parts of your body that are relevant to the scene, okay?”
Receiving his blowjobs was heavenly, but watching him give them to other people was hot as fuck and Cas felt his own cock twitch at seeing Jimmy being brought to the edge by Dean’s skilled tongue and mouth. They have done this a lot with each other during sex already because they apparently shared a bedroom and their lives together, but Castiel had never really allowed himself to
By the time Jimmy could hear Castiel coming up the stairs in quick steps, Dean was merely lying limp in Jimmy’s arms, face buried in the crook of his neck and sniffling occasionally while Jimmy had his nose pushed into his damp hair and arms wrapped tightly around his boyfriend’s frame. The door to the bedroom opened as Cas walked inside the bathroom, and a moment later, Jimmy’s twin rounded the corner and came walking up to them hurriedly, looking worried and alert.
“Jimmy…” Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath, probably trying to stay calm. “So what? You don’t want me to call him? Is that it? You like him and decide that you want to get to know him, not me?”
His boyfriends let him suffer for another few minutes with only the memory of those lips on his skin before he finally felt something again. Though this time, it weren’t lips. The item used now was soft and it created a thrill that ran through his entire body as well as a tickling sensation across his skin as it was being brushed over his chest and up the insides of his arms. It was kind of downy and when it traced along the sides of his torso, he almost squealed, clenching his hands and teeth to keep from squirming, and realized that it was a feather.
There was a moment where none of them texted anything, Dean just staring at the screen and smiling at what Cas had written, until a new message popped up.
They’ve been planning for another public play ever since and it filled Jimmy with so much joy knowing that this made their boyfriend utterly happy as well as seeing Dean and Cas be excited about it.
Though, Benny had to admit that they deserved Dean, with how healthy and happy they’ve managed to get Dean; better than anyone had ever achieved in all the time Benny’d known him.
“Why this?” Dean asked, moving his shoulders and shaking his upper body to make the nipple chain jiggle slightly.
As Jimmy put back the machine and took care of the needle and ink cups, Dean sat up straight on the chair and stretched his arms out above his head, arching his back and craning his neck as he let out a satisfied sigh at letting go of the soreness. He grabbed his shirt and put his feet on the ground to stand upright.
While massaging the tips of his fingers into his skin where the silk had dug into on his thighs, Jimmy lifted his leg and angled his knee, leaning down to latch his lips onto his inner thigh and resting Dean’s foot on his shoulder. His arm wrapped around his thigh, hand right where it met his groin, and he started trailing open-mouthed kisses along the inside of it until he reached his crotch and then trailed back down. After he paid attention to his right thigh, he switched sides and did the same with his left, kissing it, stroking it, and he felt Dean place a hand on his arm, caressing his skin gently. Whenever he reached a drop or more of Dean’s cum that clung to his thighs, he licked it up and cleaned his skin just like Dean had done with him before.
Jimmy’s eyes bugged out and he said, “So you visit your brother every year for the holidays and you’ve never been to Long Beach?”
Just a few moments later, a beautiful tall woman with a bright smile and blonde curls opens the door, holding a baby in her arms and taking a step out of the house. It’s only then that her smile falters and she takes in the figure in front of her.
Once he stopped panting, Cas carefully lifted Dean off of his crotch and placed him down on the mattress between him and Jimmy. There was a content smile on his face and he felt wonderful. So good so, that he didn’t want it to be over yet.
turned Dean on so much, that he passed out after his orgasm. Deep down, he knew he should let Dean get some rest, but the other part reminded him of what Dean had said last night. Their boyfriend wanted to be used by him when he was asleep while Jimmy was still horny and this was such a situation. This was the perfect opportunity and Jimmy wanted it so much, he was leaking inside of his pants.
Castiel looks up from his lap and meets Benny’s stare and is momentarily surprised to see tears streaming down his face.
But that thought – admitting to himself that he was a greedy, self-absorbed egoist – made his mind come up with a myriad of reasons as to why he didn’t deserve Castiel at all. The raven-haired was caring and loving, he was honest and trustworthy and Dean could never be
much – if their sweet noises were anything to go by – so Dean didn’t worry about that all too much. He made sure to work the underside of Castiel’s cock as well, rubbing firm circles over the sensitive bundle of nerves beneath the head with the tip of his tongue whenever he pulled off during his bobbing while bringing Jimmy closer to his inevitable orgasm by moving his ass up and down on his cock, working him over with his tight channel.
Now, Castiel was stroking the side of Dean’s face while calling his name softly to pull him back out of subspace when Jimmy entered the room with the water and snacks. He smiled sweetly at them and slowly sat down on the bed, watching Dean’s lids flutter and eyes roll back into his skull every time he managed to open them in his fight to stay with them. But calling Dean’s name after such an intense scene was never enough to pull him back out, so Castiel resorted to the one thing that always worked and clamped his hand down around Dean’s thigh to ground him again. “Dean, baby, come on. You have to take in some nutrients,” Cas rasped, his lips brushing Dean’s cheek as he leaned in to press a kiss into his skin.
After a few minutes’ break to calm down, Dean sat up straight in bed and moaned, and when Jimmy looked down on him, he saw why; the cilice was digging a bit into the meat of his thigh from the changed position and caused discomfort that their boyfriend really seemed to enjoy.
Sam had told her that Dean had been having those since childhood, presumably ever since their mother died and their father started to show no real interest in taking care of them. It had been especially hard for Dean whenever John had left him alone with Sam and the younger Winchester had admitted to Jessica, that, sometimes, he would find his brother locked up in his room. Whenever this had happened, Dean would be frighteningly quiet after that, not speak except for when he had to and Sam would practically see how Dean’s mind was tearing him apart from the inside and suck his brother into them, how Dean was getting lost in them with no anchor to ground him.
Dean was the first to walk towards the couch with two plates in his hands, Jimmy had grabbed the third one as well as a bowl from Cas so that his twin was also carrying two bowls, and they followed right after, sitting down on their usual spots and grabbing the blanket that was thrown over the chaise lounge. But before Dean could cover them with it, Jimmy noticed that they didn’t have cutlery for the eggs and stood up, saying, “We forgot forks and knives,” over his shoulder as he hurried back into the kitchen and opened the drawer with their cutlery to grab three forks and three knives, before closing it again and returning to the couch.
“Eh, you like… pass me around during sex. I love it a lot, just like I do in reality. You fuck me first as I sit in your lap facing you, you’re gripping my thighs while you thrust into me and then, after a while of just watching and right before I come, Jimmy grabs me by my thighs as well, but from behind, and just pulls me off of you mid-sex. I hold on to his shoulders while he walks us back to the bed and when he sits down on it, he impales my ass on his dick while pushing me down so that I’m in his lap as well. Then it’s your turn to fuck me while Cas watches,” Dean said, looking at Jimmy’s lust-blown eyes. “You go on until I finally come and then continue to thrust into me, but slowly. After a moment, you just lean back until you’re lying on your back and you push me down as well so that Cas can crawl between my legs. And when you start to move again, Cas slicks up his fingers and pushes them into me along with your dick until he’s almost fisting me.”
“You know, for you two, I’m always there for the taking. Whenever, wherever. It’s my way of saying that I care for you.”
Cas was mumbling praises but Jimmy was too out of it from his orgasm and too mesmerized by Dean to hear any of it, merely staring at this beautiful, strong man in front of him while sinking down on his legs to sit almost cross-legged behind him. His fingers ghosted across the sensitive skin of Dean’s thighs, right underneath his ass, trying to make up for coming when he couldn’t and admiring his butt absentmindedly. But a few minutes after that, when the blonde had calmed down enough, he heard Castiel say something and then Dean popped off of his cock with a wet sound and carefully turned around, meeting Jimmy’s eyes as he scrambled backward on his knees until his legs bracketed Cas’ hips. Looking over his shoulder, Dean grasped Castiel’s still hard cock and kept it in place when he lowered himself on it, sitting down and straddling his Dom before leaning forward into Jimmy and propping his hands on his knees.
After he was fully dressed, he set his mind on getting to California to keep his thoughts away from what had happened and got the fuck out of that hospital.
Jimmy waited only a few more seconds before he coated his cock with lube and lined himself up, the head of his cock resting against Dean’s hole. He leaned down, almost blanketing Dean’s body with his own, and wrapped both hands around each of Dean’s ankles to use them as leverage but also to prop himself up like this. Then he snapped his hips forward and sank inside Dean’s hole, moaning in unison with him as he threw his head back into the mattress, feeling pleasure shooting up his spine like fire.
“Mmm, quite a lot,” Castiel growled, dropping his mouth to the bruise and sucking lightly on the flesh before standing up all the way and handing Dean his, presumably, intentionally dropped towel. At their boyfriend’s smug smirk, Cas said, “You’re a tease, Dean.”
“Well, with you looking at me like that, I might never wear clothes out here again…” There was a playful smirk on his lips and Jimmy chuckled.
It was as if he’d done this a million times before, giving someone a private dance in the bedroom. Everything about him showed just how comfortable he was right now and how much fun he was having. Dean’s smile was wide and cocky as he effortlessly swayed in front of them, beginning to intimately run his hands up and down his lithe body, his movements designed to arouse and anticipate. The blonde could almost have been taking a shower – a sexy and very teasing shower.
“I’d do…” Dean blinks once, then tries again and Castiel sees the blood in his mouth. “I’d do everything for you.” Dean’s eyes fill with tears and Castiel feels like he’s breaking apart and every word coming from Dean is his undoing. “You’re ev’ryth’n…” Castiel cries so hard that, when he tries to frame Dean’s face in his hands, he at first misses it completely, then manages to cup his cheeks with his bloody palms. “I love you, Cas.” The ‘C’ of his name wracks Dean’s whole frame and he tries to smile but he’s too week and all he does is twist his lips in a painful way, and then dark blood gushes out of his mouth, dripping down his chin and dropping onto his uniform.
They haven’t even started and Cas was already worried that this was too much for him. If he wasn’t trying so hard to be good right now, Dean would have rolled his eyes at Cas, but he schooled his expression and said, “Green, Castiel, it’s just the anticipation.”
Taking another sip of his too-sweet drink, Castiel wished he would be in the place of the redhead to take a better look at his face so that he could make out the color of his eyes – in the dim light of the hall, everyone’s eyes seemed dark. Castiel decided that, as long as he wasn’t able to do exactly this, he would just continue to stare at his face instead.
So, Cas started to playfully press his lips against Dean’s plump cheeks, testing their give with his nose, and slowly making his way to the crevice, only to nestle his way between them as he simultaneously grabbed both of his cheeks and pulled them apart to place a gentle kiss right to his hole without any warning. At that, Dean’s body went completely stiff to process the pair of lips pressing a kiss to his pucker before a slow shiver ran through him.
Dean’s tight, hot channel kept working him over again and again as Dean continued to move up and down and Castiel wanted more. When the blonde let his head fall back forward and his blazing, dark eyes met Cas’, he ordered, “Faster, darling,” and arched up under Dean as he started to fuck down onto Castiel with fast, wild strokes with complete abandon, using a symphony of muscles in his whole body to ride Cas’ lap like a man gone wild. The bed squeaked with the force of it, Dean used the bounce of the mattress for his advantage to go even faster and harder, the harsh slap of their skin loud in the silent room. Cas was sure other residents were able to hear them.
There was a moan and an indignant snort before Dean slurred, in a low, raspy, and quiet voice, “You fucking kidding m-me? This’s… the best fucking massa-
Then Castiel’s gaze flicked down to Dean’s equally soaked panties and wet his lips with his tongue as if the sight was making him hungry, and
When he looked back down at Dean, the blonde had his eyes closed once again and Cas chuckled. “Hey, hey. None of that now, you’re not getting around helping us with that, Dean.”
“Dean was right…” Cas mumbled, his voice soft and gentle, and he tilted his head to look at him. “You’re dropping, Jimmy. Dean’s perfectly fine even though he seems a little shaken. But that’s normal after such an intense session.”
As if knowing what Cas was thinking about, Jimmy suggested, “Why don’t we talk about that now? You told me that we’d need something like a checklist for Dean, we have nothing left to wait for.”
After a while, Dean frees himself from Castiel’s needy grip around him and breaks the kiss to pant for air; their foreheads touching and their breaths mingling.
It was okay, really. Jimmy and Castiel had everything they needed. They both had their lives and were fairly content with them. The only thing Castiel was missing was someone he could share it with.
was only for them. “You’re so good, Dean. So beautiful. I can’t wait to be inside you,” Cas rumbled as he stepped between Dean’s open legs, his hands sliding up his thighs where they were spread wide around Castiel’s hips.
With a soft smile, Cas breathed out, “Oh, dear… you could never mess this up, Dean. You’re wonderful and I know you can be good. And even if this turns out to be something you don’t ever want to try again, then that’s alright, Dean. I won’t be sad.”
“That’s what I’m about to do,” the blonde said with an amused smile and pecked Jimmy’s lips before turning his head to the side so that he could rest it on his chest, the tips of his hair tickling Jimmy’s chin.
Dean groaned, long and loud, and Cas repeated this action a few times to get his cock to stiffen even more, which Castiel had the perfect view of – where it lay between his parted legs, erected, and a bead of pre-cum that was leaking out of his slit smearing into the sheet underneath him. The head was flushed beautifully and the sight was enough to get his own cock to jump to life and it bobbed between his thighs as he gave Dean’s asscheeks one last loving stroke before stepping back and nodding at Jimmy, who also ended massaging Dean’s hands and fingers.
“Yeah, it was one of those silicon ones, so I was still able to move normally and stuff, just that it felt extra sexy.”
Dean chose a spot in a far corner of the place and took a seat, Jimmy sitting down right in front of him. Since they have only met a few minutes ago, it was still barely possible for Jimmy to take his eyes off of Dean because the man was sex on legs. Truly, he was Jimmy’s every wet-dream come true and how he was able to just sit there and not drool all over him, let alone not taking him home, tearing his clothes off and throwing him into his bed to ravish him, was a mystery to Jimmy. Again, he felt sympathy and understanding for Castiel.
Meeting Dean’s eyes after he had been staring too long at the blonde’s lips, which were dangerously close to his own, Castiel smiled and answered, “Actually, it’s not. While it’s not the most adventurous profession, it’s literally calculable and I like this sense of continuity. I know what I’m getting into and I have full control over numbers and such things.”
Until he snapped back out of his trance and used the thumb of his right hand to press firmly against Dean’s taint once more as he thrust his hips forward, sliding his cock up the cleft of Dean's ass and holding it there as the blonde moaned and spread his legs even wider.
He knew that it meant more than just that. It meant that he was grateful for their understanding and admiration for him but also for listening to him as much as giving him a chance to not feel alone anymore by moving in with him. When Jimmy leaned in to place a soft and lingering kiss against his temple, closing his eyes and simultaneously pressing a few tears down his cheeks, Castiel knew that his twin also knew what it meant.
The waitress returned his smile and made to walk away, leaving them alone again. Jimmy’s own smile widened into a grin and he raised his eyebrows. “Double beef?”
“Yeah? What did they say?” He was truly curious how people in the audience found their scene and if they enjoyed it or not. They didn’t go all hardcore on the stage, after all, and Dean was afraid that people thought it had been too boring, even though it had been everything but boring for him.
Taking this as a slight victory, knowing that this was all he was going to get, Cas merely nodded. There was a moment of utter silence before Dean broke it again to say, “You seem like an amazing Dom, like you’d care a lot about your Sub.” Hesitantly, Dean started to trace his fingertips along Castiel’s knuckles and a line up his arm. It tickled pleasantly and he smiled a content smile.
But he breathed through the sadness and locked his eyes on to Dean’s, placing his cup down on the tiles to turn his body further towards his boyfriend and seek out his hands and face. Stroking his cheek lovingly, Cas promised, “We are very much real, Dean.”
With his rope folded over in the middle, he started to tie an overhand knot in the bight of it and positioned the knot between Dean’s shoulder blades so that the two ends of the rope went over his shoulders, with which he did the same knot in the front at the same level, just below his clavicle. Cas added three more overhand knots, one at the top of Dean’s sternum, two more with the same distance the first knot had to the second one so that the fourth knot was resting just underneath Dean’s navel. Then, he took the two ends of the rope to guide them between Dean’s legs and ran them up his back to pull them through the loop he had created with the first knot between his shoulder blades. His boyfriend’s cock was standing proud between the rope now, which was currently pressing the nozzle deeper into him since it rested between his cheeks. If Cas wanted to tease him, he could just pull on the rope to make it dig into his pubic skin even firmer and push the plug even deeper inside, but he wanted his boyfriend to get accustomed to rope around his skin and not play with him like this.
This made Dean laugh even harder and Jimmy had to admit that, no matter how embarrassing this story was, he still couldn’t keep from smiling at hearing the sound of it.
To say things had gotten a bit out of control after Dean had offered the same thing to Jimmy once he’d placed down a plate with another sandwich in front of him, was an understatement. Somehow, Dean had ended up with his ass impaled on Jimmy’s cock instead of underneath the table with his cock in his mouth, and watching it had been quite entertaining, to say the least.
Adjusting his grip, Cas pulled the ends of the rope all the way through, under the wraps he just created and between Dean’s arms, coming back over to create a cinch and complete the anchor point for the rest of the tie. He picked a spot just below the insides of his elbows to start the ladder tie element, going right and holding the rope with a finger to stabilize it while feeding it under the stem and reversing direction. Wrapping the rope back around the arm, he pulled it through the reverse bight again and repeated this element until he reached Dean’s wrists.
“Oh, yeah, you told me about her once. She was that sweet deaf girl, right?” Jessica asked enthusiastically and Sam smiled, nodding.
When they also broke the kiss, they just lay down, cuddled to Dean, and placed their heads on either side of Dean’s face to just enjoy the rest of their post-orgasmic bliss and their boyfriend’s body heat so close to them. After a while of comfortable silence, the blonde turned his head just slightly to look at them and asked, “Did you enjoy it?”
Nodding, he whispered, “Yeah,” and began to turn on his hands and knees for Jimmy to present himself, but the man grabbed his hips during the process and turned him back around, brows furrowed as he stared at him.
He traced the silk around his wrists with a finger and Dean watched the motion, seemingly fascinated, although he did manage to get a nod from his lover and a quiet, “Everything’s perfect, Castiel. Feels good.”
Jimmy shook his head with a smile and assured, “I don’t, believe me. We could just order something in tonight…?”
“I don’t fit in!” He suddenly burst, adding, “Here live all the good looking, neat and smart people. That’s not me!”
Without further words, Castiel crawled down the bed until he was at the end of it and grabbed the blanket still covering Dean’s very much naked body before yanking it off of him just like that and leaving him cold and bared. His eyes raked over his form, taking in his chest and stomach, and Dean couldn’t help but feel another shiver running down his spine at his boyfriend’s scrutiny.
“And you know what the worst thing about this all was?” he asked, lifting his gaze but not meeting their eyes, “I fucking longed to be with Alastair again. All this time, all those fucking years, I have felt so lonely and cold and now Alastair was there and he wanted to touch me. And I
The best thing about a scene in the morning was that his body buzzed pleasantly with the new-found energy that the scene had provided him still running through his veins and keeping him stimulated.
But Dean, being his typical self, just shied away from his gaze and lowered his eyes, doubtfully mumbling, “Yeah, sure…”
“Yeah, a lot of people assume that, because we’re twins, we have to be the exact same. Like the same stuff, wear the same stuff, do the same stuff… But we’re truly not. We are two very different individuals with different orientations and lifestyles, although there are a lot of things we have in common, too.”
It was two days later when Dean seemed to truly realize that they were living together from now on and at first, he had been so happy that it had been hard to stop grinning all the time. But then he had gotten quiet – the exact opposite of how he’d been before. And it worried Cas as well as Jimmy. Whenever they had tried to talk to him about his feelings, though, Dean seemed to distance himself from them and so they talked about other stuff while all their minds were somewhere else.
“That’s true,” Castiel agreed, meeting Dean’s eyes and saying, “although I don’t understand why. I think it’s rather endearing.” His voice was deeper at the end and Jimmy grinned. His twin found so many things about their boyfriend endearing, that it was almost ridiculous but he knew just how much Cas loved Dean and he understood that he couldn’t help himself but make moon-eyes at almost everything Dean did.
Even with the lust swirling in his stomach at Dean’s hungry gaze, this time Cas’ voice was honest and steady as he confessed, “I need you.”
How could he have forgotten about his own twin? Cas just felt so good and free with Dean, that he let go of everything around him. He wanted this night to be only about Dean and him and after what happened last night, after he had Dean all to himself, Castiel didn’t want to think about Jimmy and the possibility that his twin might be luckier than him in the end. When Dean made a decision – when he chose one of them. And as much as Cas wished that they could work this out together and both keep Dean, he was being unrealistic and so the solution to just make this a polyamorous relationship was totally out of reach – the blonde would never agree to that, he was sure. So sue him for ignoring all these problems for one perfect night with Dean, what was he supposed to do?
Now Dean’s cheeks practically glowed bright red and he blinked a few times, quizzically. “Thanks…?” This had Jimmy laughing with his entire body and Dean looked at him, shyly and uncertainly. “I mean, yeah, you’ve been great, too. I just…” he gave Jimmy a playful smack against his shoulder, smiling. “God, you know I can put that mouth to better work. I’m not good with words. That’s why I messed things up with Cas so badly… he probably thinks I shamelessly used him for sex and let him down again. And now look at me – I’m laying in his twin’s bed.”
He fell asleep immediately with a content smile on his face and dreamed of the beautiful green-eyed, the topic he and Jimmy discussed before totally forgotten about.
He paused to make sure Cas understood and went on after a beat, “I trust you and Jimmy more than I do anyone. You two are the only ones who get to see me like this and have me this way. You’re the only ones I’d ever permit to do the things to me you did last night – not because I feel like I have to let you do those things, but because I love you both and you know exactly what makes me feel good and safe and loved and cared for. You know what frees me and what I need, and you always give that to me, Cas. You always give me so fucking much, just like last night.
“No, it’s fine… it’s just that… you could’ve told me we were having dinner, then I could’ve helped, you know.” Dean was rubbing the back of his neck nervously as he stared down at the food. “I feel useless if everything’s done for me.”
Resting his hands palm-down on his boyfriend’s chest, Jimmy spread his fingers widely and started to slide them down Dean’s lean torso in a barely-there touch. Fascinatingly, as Jimmy reached his lower abdomen, Dean lifted his hips instinctively just a little bit and Jimmy sighed, watching Dean’s abdominal muscles ripple underneath his skin at the slight movement. He hooked his thumbs underneath the waistband of his underwear as he kept sliding down his body, dragging the soft fabric down with his hands. He could feel Dean’s cock underneath and smiled, withdrawing his hands, watching as the fabric bounced free and got into its former position, and looking down on Dean once more.
When Jimmy lifted his head to look at Cas, his eyes were big and there was a tiny, hopeful smile on his face. “Oh.”
With a smile, Dean turned towards Jimmy once more and asked, “What? You gonna miss my eyes so much?”
Setting down his glass, Dean met his eyes and answered, “I do, but it affects my behavior even though I have a pretty high alcohol tolerance, and I want to be myself with you tonight. So… no drinking for me. And it makes my brother happy, so I indulge.”
Dean hummed once, grinning to himself, and said, “Yeah… he told me about his first tattoo and that it was a rebellious phase.” Castiel chuckled and watched as Dean turned around to face him fully, crossing his legs on the cushion. “And he told me about that Christmas dinner you flat out told your mom you were a Dom.”
. You’re ours, Dean. You belong to only Jimmy and me,” he hissed against Dean’s back while giving a particularly jarring thrust.
He knew he was smiling but at the twins’ mutual relieved and happy smiles, Dean knew he must have been practically beaming at them. Cas let out a soft chuckle at his excitement and confirmed, “Yes, we do. But it’s not just any massage.”
Jimmy’s love for what they were doing was obvious, his joy evident in his face, and he slid his hands closer to Dean’s genitals, letting his fingers glide across the very sensitive and soft skin of Dean’s cleanly shaved pubic. While Cas enjoyed seeing his boyfriend’s faint dusting of dark sandy-blonde pubic hair, especially when he wore low-hanging sweats with nothing underneath and his happy trail showed, he adored how smooth his skin was and that it showed Dean’s real size without any hair just as much. His cock was truly mesmerizing, long and big, his sac smooth and tight.
When he pulled on his jeans and shirt, which were completely ruined with blood, Dean noticed that Michael had at least been smart enough to stuff his keys into his pocket, and he hurried to take on his shoes even though his head seemed to explode as he bent down to do just that.
And truly, they had. When they had first taken Dean out for shopping and buying toys and other stuff for their love life, Jimmy and Cas had made sure to buy him enough lingerie to cover his beautiful ass and cock with. So now, Dean’s drawer was filled with lace and satin and it still made him blush every time he opened it to fish around for ‘normal’ underwear.
He closed his eyes, and for a moment, the room went completely still except for the rustling of sheets as Castiel got into a comfortable position at Dean’s other side until Cas stilled and kissed a spot on Dean’s chest – probably right above his nipple – and sighed, “You smell good.”
When he pressed a kiss into his damp hair, Dean smelled of sex and sweat and while that didn’t sound very attractive, Jimmy couldn’t get enough of it because it was an amazing scent on Dean.
Separating the two strands of the tail of the rope, Cas started to wrap them around Dean’s body, each strand to each side, then brought them to the front and ran them through their respective sides of the upper diamond. He pulled the strands back into the direction they were coming from to form a nice diamond shape, pulling some more so that the rope sat tightly around Dean’s chest but not too tight to hurt, and then brought the strands to his back again and crossed them to wrap them around his body and repeat the same at the front as he did before, creating the second diamond. He did this until he had four diamonds at Dean’s front, each one between each of the four knots except for the last one, which was between the last knot and Dean’s pubic area.
“Perfect,” Cas murmured, his lips and teeth insistent at his neck and jawline as his hands soothed Dean’s trembling stomach – he didn’t know that it was doing that until Castiel stopped it – and then down further to firmly grasp his dick again. Dean yelped at the stimulation and accidentally contracted around Jimmy so hard, that he let out a surprised gasp.
this much. He knew he had a problem with sharing – though he was proud of himself that he could just watch his twin take Dean without wanting to rip his throat out, but that was something else – and that he got possessive pretty fast, but it had never been this bad. And as weird as it might have been, Cas wasn’t one to get jealous fast but when it came to Dean…
“Fine.” He set the almost-empty glass back down and looked Castiel in the eyes. “My brother, Sammy, was on a three-day school trip over the weekend and fifteen-year-old me thought it would be amazing to steal my father’s booze and tell a few of my friends that we’d have access to alcohol. So they invited me over to their place, and, you have to know they were a bit older than me, had some more people come there. There had also been that girl from Spanish class and I was hanging out with her and talking about stuff that I can, for the love of God, not remember the slightest anymore. We ended up making out in some corner of the house and I was really drunk by the time she led me upstairs, like
“Nu-uh…” Dean chastised, wiggling his finger in front of him with a smirk. “I think I’ll go with only my fingers for today.”
“Of course, not. I’m simply saying that people would definitely not be opposed to seeing you like that.”
The small passage was dimly lit but honestly relaxing for Castiel’s eyes as they made their way through, passing one private room after the other until they reached the main area, which was illuminated by a few stage lights in varying shades of red but still only bright enough to see the other people in the room. The music there could be heard even from the private rooms but standing here in the center of it, Castiel was surprised to realize that it wasn’t in fact as loud as he thought. Would it have been louder, he wouldn’t have heard the commotion coming from the direction of the exit, which was where they were headed. But as soon as they saw the crowd that had gathered there, Jimmy and Cas paused, taking in the situation in front of them.
Doing what Dean asked for, Jimmy and Castiel slowly made their way out of the car without another word and waited for Dean to walk toward the elevator together. And just like it had been during the drive home, the silence that followed them was almost unbearable. He wanted Dean to be mad, to scream at them for not taking care of him enough, for not connecting the dots. He wanted him to be shocked, even, because any reaction would’ve been better than this utter silence.
a “big-ass” bathtub. Even the price was okay and with Jimmy’s income as a famous tattooist and his own income as a successful accountant, they already covered the rent with enough money left to live their lives as freely and comfortably as they did before.
The blonde laughed shakily. “Hell, I dunno. We’re not doing the extreme stuff, you know. There’s no suspension, nothing like that.”
When the two began to stir and Dean blinked open his eyes with a slight groan, stretching his legs, Castiel sat up straight and watched them reorient themselves. While the blonde couldn’t wait to get into an upright position and take a look at their new view – which Cas hadn't paid any attention to even once since he had woken up –  Jimmy seemed to be unable to let go and made a displeased noise as his arm slid down Dean’s torso, landing in his lap.
Then he decided to test his limits once more and give him a perineum massage, so he started to brush the skin just behind his balls in a whisper of a touch, making Dean shudder and sigh. Cas changed the touch after a few times of doing so and gently pressed two fingers to the spot, moving them back and forth across the skin, slowly making his way up towards the base of the penis. He knew that he could have licked the skin and made it feel as good for Dean as well, but they’ve had enough of oral action for right now and Cas knew that a perineum massage could result in an intense, full-body orgasm, which was exactly what he wanted for his Sub.
Dean took a few minutes to respond and when he did, he lifted his head just a bit to look him into the eyes. “Green, Castiel.”
“There’s our birthday boy!” Gabriel greeted loudly, pulling Dean into a tight hug and practically smothering him.
Castiel screams because he can feel that the warmth which usually radiates off of Dean is fading and leaving behind a cold corpse without its precious soul within.
The first thing that registered was smooching noises and after a moment to orient himself, Cas realized that someone was kissing. When he opened his eyes and reached out a hand to the middle of the bed where Dean was supposed to be, he saw that there was no one else with him. Just as he rubbed his eyes and sat up straight to take a look around the room, the bathroom door that had been half-closed opened completely and a naked Dean followed by an also naked Jimmy came striding out of it. There was a big, gummy smile gracing Dean’s lips as he tugged Jimmy along by a hand, and when the blonde saw that Cas was awake, his smile widened and he said, “Morning, sleepyhead.”
But it was Dean’s birthday and, if anything, they came here to cheer him up and enjoy being together, not to corner Dean and ask him questions about a topic that had seemingly been at the back of his mind for a while now. So, Castiel pushed past the worries and anger and buried it for later, closing his eyes and concentrating on Dean only.
When Dean started to talk, his voice was steady but quiet and he focused his eyes on his hands where they were tracing invisible patterns across the blue fabric of the couch. “I’ve always felt lonely, especially since John never showed up and I had to raise Sammy all on my own… as just a kid myself. I guess I was overwhelmed with this responsibility and having to grow up too soon, without having a childhood of my own. When John was home, it was never to stay. He always just wanted to grab some stuff and gave us some money that didn’t always cover everything. He wasn’t there on birthdays or Christmas and that made me feel pretty lonely and sad because John was once someone I had always looked up to. When I was younger, my dad had been my hero. Indestructible and caring. I always wanted to be just like him but when mom died, he changed. My hero was gone and what was left of him was a dead shell of the man I used to love, an alcoholic that was unable to care for his sons. But I still care for him, you know, even after… everything.” Cas nodded in understanding and watched as Dean sniffled. Their boyfriend had never told this much about John Winchester and he didn’t know if he should be surprised or sad about the fact that he was right in guessing he had played a main part in all of what led Dean to his depression, and that Dean still cared for a man unworthy of his devotion and loyalty.
Standing up as well, Sam hurried to pay for their drinks and grabbed their wallets to stuff them into his jacket, turning to look at his brother when he heard deep grunting. He was pleased to see that the guy was trying to wrench his arm free from Dean’s white-knuckled grip because the way his brother twisted it caused him pain, and Sam took in Dean’s pissed and furious expression when he growled, low and dangerous, “Don’t ever fucking touch me again, you son of a bitch.”
To distract him from those pictures, Jimmy took a bit of his pie himself and smiled. “It’s good, heh?”
Staring at the sound in Castiel’s hand, Jimmy asked, “So, does the urethra stay stretched afterward?”
He still had nightmares sometimes, but up until now, Castiel and Jimmy had always been able to calm them by cuddling up to him closer and cradling him in their arms.
“After that, I was so disgusted with myself for having sent those signals to Alastair, that I didn’t even wanna leave my room for a week whenever Sammy was around and I also drank a lot during that time and skipped school altogether. I was a shitty brother and I left Sam all alone, I still feel guilty about that today and I know there’s no way to make that up again…” He took a steadying breath and focused on telling his story again, “And maybe it was karma for being such an ass to Sammy, but once I had to get back to school ‘cause I couldn’t get away with that forever, of course, I was paranoid. I felt Alastair’s eyes on me all the time, just like before, but every time I turned around now, Alastair wasn’t visible. Generally, the guy was nowhere to be seen and that somehow creeped me out even more. But I kept attending school and after a while, it even felt good again. I felt good. Enough so, that I even wanted to visit another party. This time I didn’t have a clue who’s party it was, I just went there to have free booze and get hella drunk because we were running out of alcohol at home since I emptied a lot of bottles and no one was there to replace them with new ones.
“Yes. I wanna surrender to you. Take whatever you allow me to feel.” He leaned his upper body further into Castiel and smiled sweetly, fluttering his eyelashes at him seductively.
“Who do you think I have your ass on display for,” Cas quipped, his voice low and raspy, a mischievous smile gracing his lips.
Skipping his crotch, Jimmy began massaging down the length of Dean’s body again, using the same techniques as they did on his backside, and started to rub and knead and cup Dean’s thighs. Cas knew how much their beautiful boyfriend liked to be touched and gripped at his thighs and saw him smile in exhilaration at getting exactly what he loved. Every muscle and every part of Dean’s body told Cas that the man was completely relaxed and getting closer to be entirely at their mercy with each passing touch. Cas was even able to decipher a few content hums or noises that sounded suspiciously close to purrs and it made his heart swell with love and adoration.
Cas was just untying the last knot from around Dean’s waist when Jimmy came into his palm with a sigh, and he took only a moment to enjoy the feeling of calm after an orgasm before he stood up and walked into the bathroom to clean his hand. When he came back out, Castiel was about to stand up as well but Jimmy held out his hand and said, “Stay with him. I’m already up, I’m bringing you water and a snack,” then went downstairs, filling a glass with cold water from the fridge and grabbing a granola bar and some chocolate for Dean before jogging back upstairs. He hated being away from Dean after a scene but he knew that Cas despised it even more, so he was happy to help where he could, even it was just getting the items for aftercare.
, after what felt like ages, someone smacked their lips as if seeing something that had their mouth watering in anticipation and said, “Don’t you just look delectable, my love,” and Dean knew in an instant that it was Cas speaking. His lips twitched up in a quick smile and then Castiel and Jimmy seemed to close the rest of the space between them as he listened to soft shuffling and footfalls. A second later, a big hand grasped Dean’s chin gently and guided his head up to make him look at whoever was in front of him and he immediately knew it was Cas when he saw the fond admiration in those deep sapphire eyes and that he had no tattoos covering his upper body.
And Castiel enjoyed everything about this. Being this close to Dean, holding him in his arms, breathing in his scent. He memorized everything about this moment, held it dear and close to his heart while his thoughts trailed off to the conversation they’d had with Sam. Without wanting to, Cas wondered if Dean would ever tell them about what happened in his past and then he found himself going through various scenarios about what could’ve happened.
Smiling slightly, Cas explained, “While it might be a kink for some people, it’s a paraphilia called somnophilia or, as you might have heard before, sleeping princess syndrome, in which an individual becomes sexually aroused by someone who is unconscious, as we might know by now. The problem with it is that it is illegal because, even though a person has previously given the affected person consent to have sex with them while sleeping, they still aren’t able to give it right before it’s happening. But if someone like you, Dean, is enthusiastic to be at the receiving end and allows this to happen, – is even delighted about being woken like this – then it won’t be a problem for people like Jimmy.”
