Whilst I, as a soldier in Afghanistan, had gained some experience of a romantic and sexual nature with both sexes, Holmes had not. For reasons I do not fully comprehend, I have been the only one to ever pique his interest in that regard.
I was married  during this period, for appearances more so than anything. I was  a good and dutiful husband and Sherlock and I did less of the kissing while we solved crimes the length and breath of Europe while I was married.
That fateful adventure which culminated in Sherlock's disappearance and apparent death began a shift we had scarcely seen one another in several months. I was occupied with married life and he with dismantling Moriarty's criminal enterprise.
I don't recall exactly the point when our relationship passed beyond profound friendship. That, I suppose is the best foundation for a romantic relationship. I have never had a preference for either gender. In Afghanistan it was men and in Britain it was women because that seemed the done thing. I'd gained a reputation in the army for having a woman in every port, three continents Watson they called me. I has always been more to do with the person than the plumbing for me. that and convenience, the desire to feel something other than the sensation of being shot at or worse. We'd have all gone mad over there otherwise.
I don't recall the point when this transitioned to  a more conventional relationship. We spent all our time running around the countryside kissing and solving mysteries.
It all began in December of 1892. This, as the keen observer will be aware, falls in the time between Holmes' disappearance (and presumed death) at Richenbach and his return. During this time (unbeknown to everyone except his late elder brother Mycroft, including myself) Holmes was busy dismantling the criminal network left behind by Professor James Moriarty.
And so, loyal reader, this is where I leave you with the greatest adventure Holmes and I have ever been on together.
"My dear fellow, I will never be able to make  what you went through these last years up o you if we live another hundred years."
There has been much speculation over the years as to the precise nature of the relationship between myself and that shining star that is the incomparable Sherlock Holmes. My complete affection towards him has been evident since my missives first graced the pages of The Strand. What may not be as evident but is nonetheless the case is Holmes's reciprocation. We have, as the astute reader may have gathered by this point, been romantically attached for most of our acquaintance.
He came to me, as I have recounted before, one evening after an altercation with one of Moriarty's roughians. His knuckles were split and bloodied, as was his lip and eyebrow. He sat closer to me than was strictly necessary and allowed me to dab at his wounds as he caught me up on his recent exploits and then the plan going foreword. He leaned into my touch as I tended his wounds. It was as if he knew the events that were about to unfold. He claims to have thought up the plan in the time it took Moriarty to reach the water below. And I believe it of him, to a point but I also believe he was well aware of the possibility of his death.
I suppose it all happened in three acts.
As I write this, Holmes and I are as retired as we shall ever get. We seed most of our time in the countryside. I have opened a small medical practice, for which the local inhabitants are grateful. Holmes spends his days raising bees. We aren't a active as we used to be and, I fear all the honey is making me  little soft around the middle. We keep our rooms in Baker Street in case someone is in need of our services... or if there's something good on at the theatre. You have, no doubt read of some of our future adventures already.
I have been singularly privileged to know the heart of Sherlock Holmes.
Mycroft was of great comfort to me during this time, which I look back on as the worst years of my life, including my time in Afghanistan. It was amid this period of deep despair that I learned of the death in exile of our dear friend Oscar. It had been some years since I'd seen him myself but I later found out that Sherlock had seen him in his last days in Paris. We had dined at The Savoy together shortly before his arrest and incarceration.
It was in memory of Oscar and of Sherlock that I resolved to tell this, all together different, story. Here in the pages of The Strand I tell the story in death that I never could in life. Our family lines have reached their inevitable conclusions and there is nobody left for our story to disgrace. Nobody left for the scandal to harm.
I like kissing Sherlock. He'd probably berate me for being fanciful (and he often has) when I say it's like we have been designed to fit exactly together. He's reading this over my shoulder with a fond smile and a very specific look in his eye that only I can read. He agrees with me, though he'll never admit it.
John woke to the snap of a house elf appearing next to his bed. He was instantly nervous that Sherlock was calling on him to fix a splice, but the little elf just looked up at his groggy face and said "Headmaster Holmes would like to see Professor John Watson in his office at professor's earliest convenience."
And for the moment, John was going to get lunch and hope that Sherlock didn't do anything stupid between now and the next time he saw him. A nice treacle tart was safe, a bit of pumpkin juice was safe, the company of his fellow staff members was safe.
“You’ll wrinkle like that,” John said, setting himself on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock swallowed hard as John’s mouth found his throat and he sucked a spot below his ear, all the while rolling their bodies together in a slow tidal promise of what was to come. There was an instinct in him that was warring with another--one that wanted John to turn him over, push inside until he was buried slick and deep, and then dig his teeth into the back of his neck to stake his claim. But the other, more logical part of him wanted to speak up and remind John that this one heat didn’t spell permanence.
Sherlock had been in the shower while John was eating breakfast. There hadn’t been anything different about the morning--their routine was pretty regular when Sherlock wasn’t on a case (which he hadn’t been in almost three weeks, but that was fine, wasn’t it? He had research to distract him).
Which brought him to his third worry: Sherlock Holmes. After killing a man to save his new friend after meeting him only hours before, John had been certain his life was about to become a whirlwind of crime fighting that he had never actually signed on for.
The sudden clarity of his deduction covered John like ice water.
Cliffhanger? No regrets.
before, he knew instinctively that John would likely not move much farther away from him than this in the next few days.
Sherlock smiles against his lover’s mouth, pulling him closer until they’re embracing, slowly tipping back down onto the bed. The first time he’d given John this sort of news, there had been an undercurrent of panic throughout the holiday until they’d both sat down and decided they really
He had been coming down the hallway, wearing a blue silk dressing gown even though it was well passed mid day. John had just rounded a corner, halting just as quickly as the curly-haired man when he saw him stalking down the hall.
You're back in this castle for the first time in however many years, offered a job at Hogwarts doing almost the same thing you've been doing at St. Mungo's for most of your adult life. You could have been scrubbing floors in the Infirmary, but there isn't that particular sort of dust down there. No, you've paid a visit to your old common room--loyalty as much as curiosity to see what's changed. Your knees still have a bit of the dust from where you crawled in. It's been so long since you've been there, you're out of practice with having to do a simple cleaning spell the way the first years are taught on their first night."
John shook his head. The other man leaned back in his chair and regarded the Healer for a long moment.
intellect."
Fingers trailed up John's front before pulling the zipper down on John's jacket.
It made sense that she’d run off. He paid it no mind. A few years would let them grow up a bit.
John marked his calendar as if he had any control over whether or not the day would actually come.
“You’d be nervous, of course,” Sherlock said, undoing his shirt cuffs. “You’ve never hired a prostitute before. Maybe it’s been a while since you’ve been with a man. You choose me because of my eyes, though admittedly the cost of a night with me is outside your budget.”
And so his self-imposed guilt trip began.
When he had been pregnant, everyone felt obligated to remind Sherlock that his expectations were going to be too high and he was going to have to accept that Hamish would likely be “of average intelligence,” as if any Holmes child had ever been anything but blindingly brilliant. While Sherlock still wishes his son would put tot-sized chemist sets and microscopes and books sans illustrations on his list for Father Christmas, he realizes that there will be a time for that. But really, why can’t Hamish come up with even one request?
Particularly “old phone,” which is John’s not-a-bit subtle way of telling Sherlock he doesn’t appreciate the shiny new iPhone from his birthday and instead wants his old, obsolete phone back. Which makes absolutely no sense, since Sherlock spent nearly an hour teaching John how to text using just his voice, but apparently it makes him feel “awkward” to say things like “I’ll meet you at the crime scene in twenty” in the middle of Tesco.
The effort, the sacrifice, and the continued loss of control Sherlock was experiencing every time the test came back and told him he'd failed; and John knew it, knew Sherlock saw it as a failure every time, thought it was his own fault.
ceremony two weeks ago and the subsequent wearing of tell-tale gold rings, there had been no shortage of innuendo thrown at them while on cases down at the Yard. Of course Sherlock had started to pick up on it, and he’d been perfecting the improper craft. As such, he was rather impossible when the opportunity arose for him to flaunt his new humour at the same time as his new husband. It was like being married to a 36-year-old teenager when Sherlock had the chance.
"I'll toss out the Thai in the morning," Sherlock promised as they climbed back into bed.
He didn’t even greet his brother before the three words he didn’t want to hear came over the line: “You were right.”
So he did.
But they both wanted it--they'd talked so much about their hypothetical child in the last week that John was almost regretful that they hadn't already started trying.
John didn't want to make it seem like this was all on Sherlock, so he quickly added, "And I would, too. My age is getting out of favor and I'm not as in shape as I used to be."
“I think I could be convinced to stay the remainder of the weekend, should you wish to take advantage of the hotel’s generosity,” Sherlock said, rolling over and letting his head rest on the pillow next to John’s. “I normally loathe having repeat clients, but I may be willing to make an exception.”
John's hand stalled and he swallowed silently, kicking down the not-uncommon fluttering before drawing back and checking on the wound. "How does it feel?"
John held back the urge to tease; to say "Oh, baby, tell me more" to Sherlock's almost clinical words. He had a fear that sex was going to become mechanical, a means to an end that would leave them both feeling sour. He didn't like the idea of crawling into bed and immediately being turned into a fertile sex toy for Sherlock to use until he got his wish.
John rolled his eyes, and Sherlock tried to keep his breathing even.
The position was always a hard one to maintain while kissing, because it trapped Sherlock’s cock between them and also meant that John wasn’t able to get as deep inside him as was ideal, but it was always worth it for the added closeness.
His mind didn’t even register the cold water soaking his feet and knees as he knelt next to Sherlock. “Sherlock, can you hear me?”
"How the bloody hell...?" John turned, stunned, to see the lanky professor laying across his couch, feet propped up against the end. His robes had fallen open and were strewn every which way, revealing his carefully pressed shirt and dark trousers.
During heat, Sherlock understood alphas and omegas to be desperate. Insatiable. It was the natural reaction of the body to the pheromones produced by each mate. The sole purpose of the heat was to ensure the continuation of the species, after all. Breed in desperation. Outside of heat, the hormones were at bay, and the alpha tended to be protective of the omega, regardless of the cycle. Alphas and omegas would forever be slaves to chemicals and sentiment.
I think as I start to pump those two fingers, spreading my legs and arching my back for show,
"That's what people
He grabbed hold of the taller man's robes and pulled him down and forward, slotting their mouths together breathlessly. The sensation of it was like water; it filled every open part of him, flooded him so completely that he was sure he would never be whole again if the other man rejected him.
“I cannot let the room to you, sir. I apologize for any inconvenience. I believe there’s another hotel a few blocks from here that you may find more, ah, accommodating.” He looked toward the door, where another couple had just stumbled in rather drunkenly, tripping over each other on the way to the elevator.
I look up when he calls my name, crossing the threshold into the kitchen like he expects to find something corroding, and that’s when I see him for the first time today. It gives me pause, and time slows to allow me a moment of visual exploration.
John's fingers were withdrawn with a final slow pull, the pad of the middle finger  purposefully grazing over his prostate. Sherlock's body shuddered, gooseflesh popping along his thighs as his hips jumped forward.
My microscope and the blood sample I’m scrutinizing are proving to be equally uninteresting as the rest of this godforsaken afternoon when I finally hear the downstairs door open, followed by John’s dress-shoed feet on the stairs. The fancy shoes provide significantly less traction, so he always takes the steps slower than he would if he were in any other footwear.
because of peons like you who feel the need to degrade our relationship and offend our unborn children by implying that they are anything other than
Moriarty must’ve really struck a nerve.
The young man behind the desk went back to his clicking and typing and John turned his head, just for visual validation that Sherlock was still there. He had to be chilled to the core. It was snowing lightly outside at the moment and the man was wearing nothing more than black trousers and an aubergine button up that fit him snugly but certainly couldn’t have been warm. His trademark Belstaff was possibly one of the day’s losses, and John didn’t want to imagine the epic sulk that was currently pending that confirmation.
Well, except for the fact that no one remembered to bring a second “coming home” outfit.
"Isn't it always?" He nodded his goodbye, ignoring the small smirk that played on Molly's boyfriend's lips.
“I need to check your wrist,” she said, reaching out.
Drips and drops scatter across the table (including the heating bill) as I move my hand behind me, pressing with two fingers straightaway, just barely teasing myself with the fingertips at the entrance.
“John Watson,” I say as I cross back over to the couch, “you look absolutely filthy.”
John crept farther into the house, watching the floor for loose boards and praying that no one would hear him before he was ready to be discovered, if such a time came. He imagined that if this man was dangerous, it was best to maintain the element of surprise.
"Why would I need you?"
"So you understand why we aren't taking this lightly,” the Auror continued.  “Sherlock insists that the man is only interested in him right now, in coming up with puzzles and trying to make Sherlock play his game. But he's done too much already--and if Sherlock knows something, he's in a lot of trouble for holding it back from the Ministry."
children, John, and I thought if we were ever going to have another one, at least I’d have time to acclimate to one first.” He sat up quickly, disengaging John’s touch in the process. “Do you know what my first thought was when she told us--when she said there were two?”
Sherlock turned his head and stared at John tight-lipped for a moment. “And if we hate them?”
They would be each other’s, fully.
and not sleeping with half the Yard, they decide they want to spread that love.”
"I can't read your mind, John, but your thoughts are written on your face. You don't see how anyone could force three different people to take a deadly potion. Neither do I, but I'm going to figure it out."
The boy's skin had started leaking, a steady stream of water flowing out of every pore.
“But then how do we determine which child has which name? We’ll prefer the baby with the name we chose.” Sherlock was on his back with the baby name book held up over his face. John was next to him, resting his head on one hand, propped up on his elbow while the other hand turned pages in his copy of the book.
“Of course,” Sherlock answered, pulling away and heading for the laundry basket with his pyjamas. “Why would anything be less than okay?”
I draw back and he tries to pull me in, but I resist, slithering down the front of him and back onto my knees.
“But when you come out, either by being invalided, like me, or just because your time is up, they’re legally required to give you the sample back so you can dispose of it as you please. Because they can’t... keep it. I had other things on my mind, obviously, so I didn’t even call the office about it until six or seven months ago, but... they told me there had been some kind of computer error. They had me listed as deceased.”
Sherlock Holmes, who had birthed a child purely due to a mandate from the British Government, had never had a partner to get him through his heat. It had never seemed like the benefits outweighed the risks. The promise of brief pleasure from a knot did nothing to assuage the fear that an unbound Alpha would bite him in the heat of the moment, and then where would he be? Stuck at home with a brood of children and a mate who had taken advantage of his biology when he was at his most vulnerable.
As they were designed, there didn’t appear to be any room for a second cock to fit inside, but at least now he had something to move forward with.
He heard the voice again while he was filling out some paperwork by the nurses' station, and again, he had to bite his lip to keep himself from shouting for the man to wait when he heard him walking away.
It wasn’t John’s most coherent thought, by far, but he was going to put it into action. Without a second’s delay, John began to thrust ruthlessly, knowing it usually took a bit of rough to finish Sherlock if he was going for hands-free. It was a rare occurrence, but tonight was a rare night.
I oblige him, pressing a third finger in as my arse drops down, fucking myself on my long (but still inadequate) fingers. My cock hangs between my legs, neglected, throbbing, begging for friction, occasionally brushing the wood of the table. I briefly wonder if the clear-headed John of tomorrow will chastise me at breakfast for getting pre-come on his side of the table.
"Stop it," Sherlock said, inching ever closer.
John wouldn't regret killing him when he eventually got the chance.
The numbers on her wrist were gone now, replaced by a pigment-free band of skin around her finger to tell the world she was spoken for.
John gave himself another squeeze and looked at the girl on the screen, giving himself more fodder for his wank when she took the man's cock and slapped it twice against her cheek.
He waved him away with a clipped "Research" and was on his way.
was more posh than Sherlock. “You favor sexual partners who are taller than you, so that would have been an important factor and certainly would have narrowed it down. Most of the rent-boys would have been shorter, since the most common clients are men who need to feel more powerful than their sexual partner. So my height would put me at a disadvantage for most clients, but not for you.” He pulled the shirttails from his trousers and let the purple silk shirt hang open for a moment. “In fact, it made me ideal.”
As soon as his feet touched the ground, he was back to normal, bending fluidly to fetch his phone from his trouser pocket. He lit the screen, typed in his code--
John swallowed the moan that threatened to escape and let his head fall back for the briefest of moments before refocusing his attention. Sherlock's body continued to move above him, a slow, practiced movement meant to keep the doctor on the verge for as long as possible; to draw it out until the pair of them were nearly sobbing with need.
The Hufflepuff sighed. "I'm sorry, I just expected to have a quiet night--I wasn't expecting that you'd be here. I was up half the night last night with a bunch of Slytherins who'd gotten it in their brains that it'd be a good idea to take a midnight fly by the Whomping Willow."
Sherlock huffs. “He’s going to figure it all out sooner or later.”
“John--”
He was wrong.
John didn't answer, just pulled his hand away.
Sherlock began to breathe heavier as the fantasy played on in his mind. Pressing John up against the wall and assuming the part of the alpha inside, teeth digging into the sensitive flesh of his neck, now biting the jumper in his place. It was easy to bring the other alpha’s panting whimpers into his ear; to imagine hot breath trickling against his own neck. The short taste of that man’s skin now lingered on his tongue once more, getting stronger as he dove deeper into the headspace of the fantasy.
"Come now, John, it doesn't take a genius to tell that her measurements have gone up about the waist--"
“Did you leave your daughter alone in your flat to come down here?”
The sounds were enough to get him worked up. He pushed his hips toward his fist and pressed the tip of his thumb into his pubic hair when he bottomed out, imagining her small nose huffing out air as he thrust down her throat. He wished he'd thought enough to bring lube, but hindsight was 20/20. He didn't care much for the dry; he wished he had a bit less friction and a bit more glide.
The receptionist--who was now red to the tips of his ears--had been about to set their key card on the countertop, but he paused when the option of a new room was laid on the table.
“Bit of fun.” John shrugged. “Maybe if enough people read it, they’d come seek out the great Sherlock Holmes to solve their mysteries.”
It was a helpless feeling to watch Sherlock's body shake and retch. Sometimes John felt a sympathy stirring in his gut which would make him certain he was about to be sharing the bowl, but it always passed.
But this must have been something John enjoyed; the slow build of pressure, the stretch around his fingers. He had worked Sherlock to two and was pumping them in and out, avoiding the younger man's prostate, even when Sherlock tried to twist his pelvis to force the sensation. Each time he so much as moved, John would introduce his right hand to Sherlock's arse with a loud smack of skin to skin, one by one, surely leaving handprints that Sherlock would be able to trace in the light of day.
* * *
The fingers returned just as John unzipped his fly and John was tempted to shove his flaccid cock through the hole just to remind the man that it was useless to him in such a state.
“That’s funny,” John said with a smile, and for the briefest of seconds, Sherlock thought he was going to be ridiculed for being an
John knew firsthand; he had once been that inexperienced ponce who thought he could master a simple cure for boils on his first shot.
His porn was still playing, and combined with the girl's moans and the heat around his prick and the sounds of the suction coming up from the hole in the wall, John knew he wouldn't last long.
advantage to having identical twins.
He brought his own lewd thoughts to the front of his mind now, splayed out and naked as he was on top of the covers. His skin nearly itched from the need for heat and unfamiliar skin. It was a symptom he knew came over omegas when their cycle was upon them, but he’d never experienced anything similar to it until after that evening in the hall.
“So you have to pretend, and it requires quick thinking to get us in,” Sherlock said as he threw the jumper to one side. “More likely than not, you’re married and enjoying a single-night affair. You flash your wedding band and that’s the ticket. They buy it, apologize profusely, and you’re in. With a free stay, to boot.” A slow swirl of his slim hips had John falling back against the bed again, and he let his hands come up to rest on Sherlock’s waist, thumbs stroking his hip bones.
6. Pants
It was half five or somewhere thereabouts. The doctor padded to the kitchen to get a glass of water, returning to find that Sherlock was composed again, as if he hadn't just been hunched over the toilet.
Sherlock's eyes brightened and he stood, suddenly, drawing his robes around himself.
All it would take was a change on the wind for him to find them.
“Well, I... got around the bonding part,” Sherlock said sheepishly, letting his eyes linger on John’s skin.
John licked his lips, not quite sure of how to add anything other than the unadulterated lust his eyes had to reflect.
The receptionist’s eyes flicked over to Sherlock, who had started fingering violin chords against the small of John’s back to keep himself occupied.
reason for not putting a key card in my hand right now.”
Well, he said short-term. He didn't like "one night stands."
Almost in the clear.
John told him he needed sleep, doctor's orders.
There were several stops along the way to adjust Sherlock’s weight, switch sides, and untangle arms and elbows, but he got Sherlock onto the couch without either of them falling onto the kitchen table. Small victories.
John stabbed at the cake with his fork. “Do you feel like you’re going to be sick?”
"You don't think I would have done the necessary research before bringing it to the table?"
“Do you--d’you remember....” He paused and reached for Sherlock’s right hand, taking it in his own. He began to trace his finger along the palm in slow circles. “Round and round the garden,” he recited, “like a teddy bear. One step--” John walked his fingers one small step up onto Sherlock’s wrist. “--Two step...” Another. He paused before continuing--
John's teeth clamped down on his shoulder, almost hard enough to break the skin, definitely hard enough to leave a mark, and Sherlock thrust back against him. They were both so close, so ready. The man behind him thrust upwards and Sherlock threw his head back when the head of the cock inside him brutally pressed into his prostate. His entire body shuddered, making John pant in his ear, nipping at any skin he could graze. It was becoming frantic, carnal.
Oh God, he was in the hospital.
"How will you have me, John?" Sherlock whispered. His breath was hot against John's ear. The man had clearly mapped out John's erogenous zones the same way he'd figured out the rest of him.
Of all the words and phrases he knew, he never would’ve expected silence to be the answer.
“Hang on.” At the harsh tone, the young man’s attention snapped back to John. “You can’t seriously be trying to turn us away because we’re
Sherlock's hands were cold when John took them in his own a moment later, letting them settle into the downy softness between them with a gentle squeeze.
John smiled. “So you know the rhyme.”
This didn’t surprise John. He imagined it would’ve been something Mycroft would’ve briefed him on if he knew.
Of course, Sherlock would tell him he could do more. John could allow him to concoct home remedies. Unfortunately for Sherlock, the doctor had banned any and all experimentation concerning their baby shortly after he found his boyfriend doing an internet search on chemical exposure in the womb so he could determine which chemicals he could and couldn't work with.
Those hands raised the goblet to a few inches from his face and he inhaled, breathing in whatever was left of the potion's scent. When Sherlock looked back at him, face crumbling in a way John had never seen before, John worried.
He’d already triple-checked the poor piece of paper six times. He could barely read his own writing anymore from all the markings.
He pushed Sherlock's pajama bottoms down with one hand and sloppily lowered his own without actually untying them. It gave him limited mobility in terms of spreading his legs for balance, but it was all fine; he couldn't really widen his stance much without being too short for this, anyway.
The underside of his cock had a rather prominent vein and John was running his tongue along it while the head rubbed torturously against his soft palate. He could feel every ridge along the top of John's mouth against his glans and it lit a desire in him for so much more. He wanted to push up into that warmth, to learn the texture of John's mouth with his own, with his fingers, with his cock.
did Christmas become about more than their little flat?
The Nuisance Coupons are a bit worrisome to Sherlock, but we’ll get to those in a bit.
That mouth drew away and Sherlock's body protested at the loss, hips rising off the bed in search of what he wanted. Then John's finger slipped out of him with a teasing brush against his innermost gland before coming up to lightly wrap around his cock.
mouth without a condom.
Had he been an omega, it would have been easy to lie back and enjoy the harsh, wonderful reality of the stubble against his chin and the biting lips playing fiercely over his own. He would have been wriggling with want as his body prepared for the main attraction. Legs would spread willingly, body pinned to linens, and he’d be so thoroughly claimed that he wouldn’t want to emerge from the bedroom for days.
"I can't keep anything secret from you, can I?" John asked as he undid the knotted leather strap behind Sherlock's head.
He pushed himself to standing and held out his hand for hers.
John paused only a few feet from the entrance to the office Sherlock had entered. The sliver plate on the door announced it to be the office of: G. Lestrade, Head of Magical Law Enforcement.
John watched Sherlock sleeping, the gentle rise and fall of his belly with each breath, and let his fingers splay across the pale skin there, sleepily entwining with the hand he found and closing his eyes. As he slipped back into sleep, he mentally chided himself for daring to think....
"We were just going to have a bath before heading to breakfast," Jim said, and Molly blushed a bit and looked away from John's face toward the stone flooring. "I see you had the same idea."
, nearly dislodging himself in the process, and pulled Sherlock’s face back to his own. They panted against each other's parted lips quietly for a stolen moment before John muttered
Damn it all. He buries his face in Sherlock’s neck and breathes, open-mouthed. Lips against the skin just below his ear, nose pressed to curls. His imagination has outdone itself. The breath against his own ear is hot; panting. The invisible man in his arms is almost heavy.
John held out his hand in a daze, only really registering the hand shake when he felt something like an electric shock pulsing in his palm. A warmth spread through his fingers at the tight grasp of the other man’s hand and John jumped a bit, eyes darting to the touch. He couldn’t see the wrist opposite his own, but he didn’t need to.
It was certainly shaping up to be an interesting first day back at Hogwarts.
John swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry, and followed as Sherlock swept through the opened door like a bat. This had just been a quick checkup for the sake of making sure there wasn't anything wrong thus far, to make sure scheduling the first trimester ultrasound was a safe bet. They'd assumed they were close to twelve weeks from the barely-noticeable bump forming from Sherlock's formerly taut belly.
Even though it was barely eight, he stripped down to his pants and got into bed behind Sherlock, the test perched on the sink in the bathroom, a bit unimposing, but looming with possibility all the same.
He couldn't even hear breathing, not even with his senses heightened to figure out who his dreaming lover was.
Long minutes pass as I vary the pace, taking what I need and then grinding to a halt, finding the edge only to retreat. I’m reading him in the bruising grip of his fingers and the moans that slip from his throat.
“And this was what you wanted,” Sherlock said quietly, each word breathing life into John’s arousal. “The whole way here, you couldn’t stop thinking about my lips wrapped around this cock.”
John just needed to help Sherlock understand that he was capable of giving it.
You see, sometimes when two people love each other very much and are in a
No one had ever used those words to describe Sherlock and his eccentricities before.
I dip my tongue into the shadows below his collar, shameless in my admiration for his carefully crafted ensemble, from his shiny shoes to the black silk pocket square.
"Tell me your name," the voice in his ear commanded.
Sherlock knew and had known for a while that John had Alpha-Alpha tendencies--he’d seen the man flirt with Lestrade, whether John admitted to it or not. From what Sherlock could tell, he himself was the only one the doctor had considered entering into a relationship with, sexual or otherwise, and even then, it was a constant struggle for the man who was hesitant to admit to his bisexuality.
The fingers retreated and John dared to lean a bit closer to say "I don't have a condom" in a voice that he was proud to say did not shake with disappointment as he thought it might.
"Who are you?"  Sherlock's demand echoed across the water of the bath, off the stone walls.
And when John woke in the morning after a fitful night of restless sleep, his numbers were still there, ticking down from 10 years, 4 months, 19 days, 8 hours, 32 minutes, 49 seconds. 10:4:19:8:32:48, 47, 46, 45....
And not a lot of people like doing what I do! Doing experiments on dead carcasses of animals and the occasional prostitute, shooting guns in the house at walls, not eating nor sleeping for days. I mean, I believe that stuff is very enjoyable to do.
----------------------------------
FUCK.
"No, no, no. I'm fine. It happened last week. I cut, and I get over it. It's a better alternative than using drugs, you know. So I'm fine, Mycroft. Really."
Usually dancers pick erotically explicit songs to gyrate their bodies too, but I decided to take another route. "Infra 5" filled the room softly, and the room hushed as I came out.
Who the hell is this Hamish guy?
"I'll go out somewhere tonight, somewhere I would never go in the first place. If one person does not come up to me by the end of the night, you have to promise me you will never try to coerce me to going out ever again. Bet?"
"I...I, thank you John. You are absolutely incredible." My reply came in a croak, pleasure flashed before my eyes from love-bites being placed upon my neck and collarbone. He chuckled, and the vibration hummed through my bones. The arousal was absolutely blinding me, until I felt his hot breath on my groin. "You want this, Sherlock? You want me to suck this?"
I whimpered and nodded vigorously, looking down into his eyes as he grinned mischievously and slowly started to lick my length. I let out a long groan, biting my lip harshly. Blood dripped down onto John's tongue as he started bobbing up and down and rubbing my balls. I started shaking, moaning, my eyes clouded with lust.
“I’m sorry, how the fuck did you know that?” John croaked. “I never told Lestrade about Mary, and my parents, and…”
What was he thinking? What was I thinking?
--------------------------------------------
Unfortunately, the song had to end. I opened my eyes to see everyone just staring at me. A couple of gentlemen were shaking, one was actually crying. I stared at them back, and swallowed the tears that started to form a lump in my throat. I knew I shouldn't have done this. I was a complete fool.
"JOHN OH MY G-GOD!!!" I screamed. It felt absolutely extraordinary!  His nails dug into my hips and started fucking me faster, grunting my name and other obscenities with every other stroke.
He slowly took himself out of me, cleaning myself as well as himself off, and kissed me deeply. "You are absolutely extraordinary."
He pushed me onto his bed, climbing on top of me and sucking on my neck. By this time, we were both naked except for our pants.
God, I really hate them.
I turned around and there John Watson was. Visibly shaking and eyes puffed as mine were, I was speechless.
I had cried that night for the first time in about four or five, possibly six, years. I felt completely broken.
His voice cracked more and more on every word, and my heart sunk.
"YOU FUCKING PRICK, DON'T YOU EVER TOUCH HIM EVER AGAIN OR I WILL SLIT YOUR THROAT!!!" He growled maliciously at the man, who instantly ran away from him. John looked at me and helped me to the door.
"I... I think you should leave."
Sherlock has one question racing in his mind:
"Well, I can handle it on my own, thank you very much."
I stared at him for a moment, before saying it.
"Hey pretty boy, why don't you sit down by me?" A blonde-haired man that looked similar to Rocky from The Rocky Horror Picture Show said to me, smiling devilishly.
"Can I at least change back into my normal clothes before I go back out there?" I questioned.
"Sherlock Holmes."
Mycroft was screaming at my door to let him in so we could "discuss these matters and let his men handle the situation", but I kept telling him to shut up and go away. Alas, I grew tired of his insistent yapping and so I let him in.
"Thank you Samuel, for your kind words. What do I do now, exactly?" I replied, placing a hand on his shoulder and slightly smiling.
"I'm going to fuck you so hard, you won't be able to sit or walk correctly. And you're not going to cum until I say so. Got it?" John growled, nipping my neck and placing a finger inside me. I yipped as he moved it around, gently touching my prostate. "John, please... please fuck me." I moaned, burying my head into the pillow and bracing myself for t-
I quivered, he was so...dominant. A perfect specimen of manhood.
All of a sudden, he stopped sucking me and bent me over the bed. I was taken aback but more turned on than ever.
ALSO, "Infra 5" is by the wonderful Max Richter. I figured it's a song no male dancer would do, except Sherlock of course. It's very beautiful though, one of my favourites, I highly recommend it.
He had consumed me. I wanted him. I wanted him to destroy me. But once he did, I wanted to die.
They swarmed like ants around me, giving me praises that ranged from lovely ones such as "You are the most gorgeous man I have ever seen" to crude ones such as "I'd love to suck your cock, do you charge?"
"Wow. That was, uh, incredible. Fantastic. A-amazing." Samuel stuttered, avoiding eye-contact with me.
“Sherlock… what an incredibly sexy name. Hey, do you have any Doors shit you can play?” John slurred a bit, not giving himself a break with the marijuana. The shit was good, man. Sherlock chuckled, nodding.
I had the biggest empty and hollow feeling in my chest after seeing... him with another man. I gave him my everything that night. I never thought I would lose my virginity, let alone to someone I had just met, and for him to just use me like that was completely and utterly cruel.
I walked out of that club and promised myself never to return.
What the actual hell just happened to me?
My eyes widened. "How the HELL am I supposed to reply to that, Mycroft? Jesus!"
That was a terrible fucking idea.
Hola everyoooone, I suck at updating but here I am once again. Since johnlock didn't become "officially" canon like it was supposed to, hopefully all the beautiful fanfic that the brillant fans in the Sherlock fandom write will fill your heart.
My legs felt like jello and my head was pounding as I tried to compose myself. Slowly I got up and started my way towards the door, when I started to hear cheering coming from behind me.
I was not expecting all the wonderful feedback and compliments I've been getting from all of you lovely people, in all honesty. Thank you all so much, let's keep it going! (: *hugs*
I JUST WANT SCHOOL TO BE OVER LIKE HOLY S H I T.
Was it worth it?
Fuck.
I furrowed my eyebrows at his preposterous statement. "I don't have time to 'bullshit', Mr. Hunary. I'm an accomplished musician with a lot of talent, and you would be lucky to have someone like me work at this institution."
I ignored his rantings and such for as long as I could, but one day, I finally had enough of it.
He placed my penis into his mouth, and I cannot even explain what euphoria it was. Sucking, kissing, techniques that I was wondering how he even did that with his tongue.
I sniffed and rolled my eyes. "Mycroft, I don't understand why you have to care so much. Is it really necessary?"
Silence… John was about to leave when the door violently swung open, and the tenner was snatched from his hand. “Get in, tiny little man.” The werewolf monster sneered at him, beard covering everything but his eyeballs. He was pushed inside before any reaction could be mustered up.
"Cut the bullshit, John. Don't you have other men to kiss?" I sneered, pushing him out of my way and out the door. The air was bitterly cold, but anything was better than being in that god forsaken club. I waved down a taxi, when a piercing scream filled the air.
I politely declined and sat far away from him.
"Oh shut up Sherlock, it's true. I do care and I just want this... young man to not cause you any pain."
The place immediately filled my nostrils with smoke, whiskey, and desperation.
It all became a blur from the sensations. He hit my prostate over and over again, he pulled my hair and made me moan his name. I couldn't tell you how long intercourse was, if it was five minutes or five hours.
I just sat there looking back at him. How dare he.
I call myself a high functioning sociopath.
Maybe that's why I'm so lonely? No, not lonely. Just alone. I like being alone, though. At least I know I can always rely on myself.
I was sent to detention because I had called my Advanced Placement Chemistry teacher a complete imbecile and deduced his affairs with two of his best students of which were both genders in front of the head master.
"I feel like kissing you. Can I?" He asked.
"Shhhh, baby, you're gonna be okay."
"Shit Sherlock, shit shit shit you feel so fucking good!!!!"
I saw him, sitting there at the very table where I first laid eyes on him. My heart stopped, but I continued to ignore him and move my body to the sound of the violin. Suddenly, I reached the extremely cold metal pole and very s l o w l y climbed to the top of it, sliding my way down in a graceful manner just using my legs. I slid to the bottom and started to roll around, grabbing various parts of my body in a sensual motion, closing my eyes and slightly moaning.
! Was this his punishment for fucking his girlfriend? That was literally three years ago! He needed to get over it, but he apparently hadn’t.
In addition to wanting to John back, that man that touched me made me feel repulsive. The whole experience of being free by dancing was absolutely ruined by him. My teeth started chattering from how disgusted and angry I felt, and so I decided to count the money I had received from the tips. I counted £275, which was a surprisingly high amount as I had only grabbed a small handful from what was on the stage.
Grabbing the dull razor I had used all too often in my adolescence, I breathed heavily as I made quick lines across my wrists. The red liquid running down my arms looked strange against my ghostish pale skin. It made me smile, though. It was the one thing I could always rely on, pain, to convince myself that feelings are despicable and useless. Feelings are unnecessary to society and they should be illegal, in all honesty.
Why I decided this place I had no idea. The other places my brother thought of seemed too dull.
“Hello honey, do you happen to be John Watson?” Someone purred in his ear. He turned around and saw a beautiful woman.
The expression on his face was of anguish and pity for me, which I loathed.
I have to.
“What’s the word?” The mysterious man growled, sounding halfway like a fucking Scottish werewolf. “Ehm… Baskets?” John squeaked, suddenly very frightened.
“It’s my birthday, and my friend made the arrangements, and I don’t really know what I’m doing, and I-” The queen laughed and put a manicured nail to his lips. “Shhh, honey, it’s alright. Follow me.” She grabbed John’s hand and led him down a path to a room on the left side. CONSULTING DETECTIVE was splattered on the door, and John raised an eyebrow. “He’s one of our favourites here. A quiet man, and expensive, but can read you like a book… and then some. I hope you have a good time, and I’ll buy you a drink afterwards. The names Tracie.” She winked, kissing John on the cheek and sauntering away.
"He had consumed me, he had consumed my entire being. I wanted him. I wanted him to destroy me. But once he did, I wanted to die."
"I l-love you John, I'm gonna c-"
"You haven't been surrounded by people besides me and the...occasional dead prostitute in two years. You avoid people at all costs. How could you possibly know they wouldn't like you?"
But John... he brought out something different in me. He brought out feelings I had never felt before on that night we were together. After he had kissed me, lust had consumed both of our minds, and so he took me to his flat.
"No, Sherlock. Not until I fuck you."
“Awh, c’mon mate! It’s your birthday. You haven’t gotten laid in a bit, obviously, and this place seems right up your alley!” Greg smiled deviously, pushing John out of his car and handing him a tenner. “Enjoy yourself buddy, I’ll see you tomorrow. Hopefully you’re not too sore by then. And remember, the word to get in is Basket!” And on that delightful note, he screeched away, leaving his friend stranded in some strange and unknown land.
Fuck.
"How in the hell did you know that? That was... amazing." John stuttered.
"Your arse is so gorgeous. I'm going to fuck that arse until you cry."
I cannot believe that just happened.
I decided after about a week to go back to strip club and confront him.
Emotions are unnecessary.
"I fucking love you, you bastard. I don't fall that quickly but I fucking love you. And I'm so sorry."
No, I have to.
“Let me suck your dick, John. Let me do this for you. ” He nodded vigorously, or he at least thought he did. All he knew is that when Sherlock engulfed him with this wet heat, John felt himself transcend into something else, he didn’t know what the fuck it was.
I can.
"Are you okay?" He asked. Once again, I nodded.
A woman walked by me, wearing a black jumper and a purse to match. I deduced she was approximately thirty-three years old, a heavy drinker and has a gambling problem, recently left her husband to be with his cousin Martha, is from Manchester and moved to London in dreams of becoming an actress but is working secretly at a brothel instead, and-
Sherlock was pulling down John’s pants and trousers, blunt still in his mouth, eyes boring into his soul.
I can be cold, calculating, cruel, and a complete arsehole.
"I said leave. I'm done with you." He snapped, boring his eyes into my soul.
Flashbacks of the horrendous birthday party event entered my mind and I gently shuddered, which Mycroft noticed.
"Mycroft," I sighed, rubbing my temple. "People don't like me and I don't like them. Why should I even bother?"
"I, uhm, y-yeah, I'm okay. Thank you John." I croaked, avoiding eye-contact.
I decided to get the hell out of there, when all of a sudden, a man grabbed me aggressively and shoved his tongue down my throat. His hands roamed my body and grabbed me in my most intimate places, and that's when I started to whimper. I tried to push him off of me, but he was too strong. I felt him stroking my penis and I couldn't help but shake.
He beamed. "What a beautiful name. So what made you decide to come to a gay strip club?"
I hate them.
I can do it.
"Sherlock... Jesus Christ." He gasped, clutching his chest after having screamed so much.
And I did. John, feeling my body's reaction to the  orgasm, rippled right after me. Those moments together were the most intimate moments I've ever had.
Mr. Hunary bit his lip to keep himself from laughter, but he agreed on it, and I was on my way.
Also, Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year!!!!!
Nodding but embarrassed, I put my head down. Slowly, he gently grabbed my chin, tilted it up, and placed his lips upon mine.
Oh God this was a terrible idea.
Before he could reply, I pushed him out the door and locked it quickly. His insistent banging and begging me to let him in quite annoyed me so.
Out of nowhere, however, applause emerged. So much of it, with shoutings of "Oh my God" and "Encore!" mixed in there. I took a quick little bow while picking up some money and left the stage, taking a last look at John, who looked pale as a ghost.
My heart, my supposed robotic heart, stopped completely when I saw him. John was there, at the table I sat at when I first saw him. But he was sitting in someone's lap, his arms locked around their neck. He looked adoringly at them, the way he looked when first started talking to me.
All these thoughts were passing through my mind as I looked at the building I decided to go into.
I was absolutely heartbroken.
But Mycroft. Fucking Mycroft. Always tells me to go "Enjoy people", "Have some sex", "Experience some feelings besides misery." Can you believe the bastard?
Chucking darkly, he came closer to me until he was approximately three inches away from my face.
“Good. What a compliant little soldier. That’s what you want to do, isn’t it? Mmm, it’s not clear to me whether you’re going into the military because you truly want to, or because you want to become a doctor, and the military is the only way you could afford it. Never mind that, it’s obvious. You’re twenty years old, star athlete of your secondary school Rugby team, lost your virginity at the age of fifteen with a girl named… Mary? But you secretly didn’t enjoy it, because you were fantasizing about your teammate Michael. You come from an abusive household, your father died about four years ago from drunk driving, and your mother is currently institutionalized in-”
"You are so beautiful. The most beautiful creature I have ever met." John whispered in my ear, as he slowly shed off all of my clothes, until the only thing left was my bare soul.
He stared at me, eyes widening in surprise and shock. I smirked at his reaction and continued to puff on my cigarette.
"You are such a good boy. Your cock is all nice and hard for me, hmmm? You want me to suck this, Sherlock?"
Goddammit, I lost the bet already and it had only been two minutes.
"Of course, my dear. As awful as this shithole is, I do appreciate the fact that we take care of our dancers and don't parade them around like they're whores. Go ahead and change, and just walk through that door on the left to come out into the lobby."
"Fuck you," I spewed as I got my clothes and left. "FUCK YOU!"
"AND NOW GENTLEMEN!!! WE HAVE A BRAND NEW DANCER HERE TONIGHT, SO DON'T BE TOO AGGRESSIVE AND ROUGH WITH HIM, BUT MAKE HIM FEEL SPECIAL. WELCOME ABOARD, 'DIRTY LITTLE VIRGIN'!!!!!!"
Inhaling the smoke, John instantly felt lighter, happier. “This is so good… w-who are you?” He asked suddenly. The man had lit his own, exhaling the smoke right into John’s face. “Sherlock Holmes.”
Next thing I hear is opening of condoms wrappers and a bottle of lubricant being squeezed. I braced for this, John's penis was slightly above average (from what I've seen with certain realistic porn videos and walking in on Mycroft and another man accidently) and I had never experienced sex before.
Sandy-haired man, almost silver, with eyes as blue as the deep ocean. A smile that did something strange to my heart. Perhaps I needed a doctor?
Unfortunately the song ended, and Hamish smiled as he got up, bowed as he collected his money, and walked off.
"I'd like to be called Dirty Little Virgin."
In that moment, John would’ve done anything for that man. His porcelain skin appeared to be marble, blue (green? grey?) eyes that struck an ice pick through his heart, dark hair that was pulled back in a loose ponytail, long curls framing his face. This creature was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen, and it took John everything not to get on his knees and suck the soul out of him. He was so hard already, what the fuck? “Yes sir,” he complied, and sat in the seat.
A gay strip club, in fact.
And just letting you know, its okay to upset and sad and frustrated with the writers, okay? They led us on and messed with our feelings. I love you, okay? And we all deserve the best. So enjoy <3
He smiles a bit.
But then...
The fucking Rocky Horror Picture Show lookalike tried coming up to me again, but I pushed past him and muttered "Fuck off."
-----------------------------------------------------
The man finally got up and faced John. “I said, shut up and sit the fuck down.”
I've always known I was gay, since I had no attraction to women whatsoever. So this event definitely wouldn't be hurtful on the eyes.
He looked at me, and I saw a flash of concern pass by, but as quickly as it came, it went just as fast.
What if I go up there, and I just can't do it?
"Just looks a bit like those buttons are fighting more than they usually do," Lestrade said. Upon seeing John's "And your point is?" expression, he quickly added, "I just mean that I've known him for years and I've never seen him take a bite. He's always been a stick. A brilliant stick, but a stick."
He looked back up into clear blue-grey eyes that held a hint of surprise and a bit of mischief behind them.
This, of course, is the filthy kind of sex. The kind that makes you blush when it pops into your mind at a crime scene, or during a meeting at the Yard. The kind that gets you through a dry spell when you need a quick wank to clear your mind.
"I changed the password!" he protested, standing from his relaxing chair and crossing behind it to stand near the other man. He didn't know what he was achieving by standing like an angry mother with his hands on his hips, but it made him feel better, almost a little bit intimidating.
He should have known it wouldn't last long.
"It needed to be believable that I was a patron," Sherlock explained. "It worked out rather well that you were a doctor, so I didn't have to worry about any seedy diseases. And you weren't above coming back week after week while I worked. It was convenient."
Sherlock said “I don’t know if I can do this.”
Selfish hands sought down along that sumptuous curve, groping each cheek and spreading slowly, at the same time moving his hips upward and praying he didn't lose his footing, lest he be disengaged before his time.
Only a few upward pumps of his hips later, John could feel a cramp starting in his leg. He didn’t want to give up, wasn’t ready to give in without his prize.
John offered his hand without waiting for Sherlock to extend his, which was uncommon in Alphas. They typically preferred for the Omega to initiate the first physical contact--one of the first symptoms of submission, even in those who weren’t preparing to be bound to each other. There was simply no way John Watson had missed the fact that Sherlock was an Omega, so this was an interesting twist in cultural norms.
John broke away and sat back on his knees, resting on his calves and leaving Sherlock feeling desperately alone. “It’ll be more comfortable the first time if you turn over,” he said, motioning for Sherlock to reposition himself.
"Sex is your favorite part," Sherlock protested. His fingers dug into John's hips, pulling him down while simultaneously pressing upwards. Words were contrary, but his body was certainly telling John that he was agreeable to the situation.
They were laying in bed together, neither of them able to sleep. Another pair of weeks gone by, another ultrasound that didn’t give them even a hint at the sexes of their babies. But it was still nice to see the two of them tucked snuggly up against each other, slowly running out of room.
Sherlock leaned forward, breathing through an open mouth. He was so ready to continue his argument, his explanations--
Before John could question anything further, the man was pulling on a dark blue scarf that wasn't particularly in season in the late summer, but John didn't have time to say anything. He was being pulled by the sleeve of his robes out into the hall and down the corridor. Their footsteps echoed off stone, almost making it sound as if they were being followed.
"Of course not. I was attracted to you toward the end. Why else would I have approached you in the hall? I'd solved the case by then." Sherlock reached out for him again and John let himself be pulled up against the other man so their bodies were aligned once more. "I wasn't lying about wanting you inside me, John," that voice whispered in his ear. "I still want to ride your cock until you're screaming my name."
There wasn't a single body part, not even in the ice box. No toenails, no scorpions.  There were real, edible foods. Uncooked meats and fruits and yoghurt. The blender even looked like it had been used for something other than pureeing brain matter.
I hum around the head of his cock, circling it with my tongue, and then release him with a lewd
He left the toy perched at the bottom of the stairs and went back up to the sitting room, where Mrs. Hudson was entertaining his daughter in her lap. The telly was on in the background, playing something with talking ponies, but Annabelle was captivated by a puzzle cube Mycroft had gifted her at her birthday. He could hear the marble inside rolling around as she worked it through the maze.
"My knees?" John asked, his mouth quirking. "What can you tell from my knees?"
There will be time for him to get his, but I want this right now.
“And now you want a cuddle?” His arms snake around my back, and it finally occurs to me how ridiculous it is that we’ve just had rather athletic sex in the sitting room on a Tuesday afternoon. “How quaint.”
"The anonymity of our relationship turns you on," the man said. "Doesn't it?"
“Mr. Watson, I assure you that your entire stay with us will be on the house--”
"What did you eat last night?" John asked, crouching down, managing to sway only a bit in his effort to rub the back of Sherlock's neck without putting all his weight on his hand. "When you got up, what did you eat?"
God, he made it sound downright pornographic.
Sherlock couldn't think about that right now or the whole thing would be over far too soon.
Then again, none of that had been a waste.
John could imagine himself saying it to the other man someday--he didn't think it would be hard for the fellow in front of him to damage the sensibilities of those around him. If these short moments were anything to go by, John was certain he'd be working with someone fascinating.
Donovan grabbed John's arm when he moved to follow, holding him back.
John tried not to think about how that had been a bat wing not five minutes ago.
"So... Your family are pure-bloods, then?" John asked, just wanting to make polite conversation. Maybe Sherlock would be impressed that he'd made such a simple observation. People these days weren't quite as obsessed with blood status as they had been in the past, but it was still a relevant talking point.
John nodded without question and helped Sherlock up and out of the fortress of linens that had been built around him. Most of them fell to the floor without a care from the pair of men. They made their way to the bedroom, hand tightly squeezed in hand, holding on for dear life.
There was a hole in the wall.
Nothing would happen on Thursday.
“John,” Sherlock says again, a bit louder. As his lover hums into consciousness, Sherlock shakes his head to dispel his curls from his eyes, kisses John’s unmarked shoulder. “Good morning. Happy Christmas.”
It felt so good to take a few minutes to relax. He wasn't sure he'd taken any time for himself since coming to Hogwarts, not really. Moments sans Sherlock were rarer and rarer, though he hadn't paid it much mind. He enjoyed the other man's company; he liked being able to watch him work, even when Sherlock lost himself for days on end.
"Breakfast in bed?" John suggested without disengaging from his lover's body.
As he lingered in the background, he watched as the small boy's fingers flexed against her back. His appearance changed often enough, all dependent on how she was feeling about certain men in her life. For instance, on this particular Tuesday, Sherlock had accidentally set the refrigerator on fire and the woman was rather cross about it. But later that very day, Sherlock had made sure to make John take her a cup of tea.
"It's a game," the professor had told him several nights ago. "He's trying to make me dance, but I'm going to figure out how to lure him out. It's just a bit of fun to him, so I need to play his game."
In the end, he made no guarantees. But he said he would try.
He groans again, hands gripping at my bare arse and roaming up my back, seeming unsure of where they most want to be, which patch of naked skin they most want to caress. I gift him a little wiggle of my hips before sliding up and down one more time, just barely keeping the head of him inside me. And then he pulls me up, only slowing down to carefully disengage, distracting me with a kiss as he brings us both to standing. And then, with a restrained show of force, he guides me back onto the couch, on my knees facing away from him.
After another morbid goodbye from Mrs. Henricks ("If I'm even still alive in the morning," said the woman with nothing more ailing her than a broken hip), John collected his things and started home.
Sherlock didn't move. He knew he hadn't gotten it wrong because John hadn't thrown him out yet, hadn't moved to untie him.
There were some days when he wished he’d never woken up. Maybe she would have been better off with the scar than a broken soldier who could barely get from one end of his bedsit to the other.
He wasn’t above asking politely, but he could tell from the way John’s body was leaning toward him that he wasn’t going to have to ask again. John was barely a moment away from tossing the toy behind him and taking what he wanted.
John adjusted his own pajamas and looked at the ingredients Sherlock had set out.
Their daily lives hadn't changed at all. Sherlock couldn't acknowledge that he knew about the dreams, and John was as good at hiding his secret desires as anything. It still surprised Sherlock each time he'd come into his dream body and find himself being fucked so hard he'd feel it for days after waking.
“I’ve printed out the ‘top’ lists from five different baby name websites, each one citing the most popular baby names from the last several years,” Sherlock explained, working his way down his current list and drawing a thick, black line in permanent marker through entries in the books. “Our children cannot--
“The only names I want you thinking for the rest of the night are
John began to rock his hips forward and back, letting his fingers trace the line of Sherlock’s side before curving along his stomach. Before he could reach down to stroke his lover, long fingers caught his wrist.
After a brief moment, I put my hands on his arse and give him an unsubtle pull.
"And you couldn't?"
"Just lay with me a while," Sherlock said. "I have to work out the rest of the case."
1. Shiloh
A slow smile spread across both their mouths, only to be kissed away a moment later.
"But then I suppose, that was rather the point."
The "bugger off" was implied in the way Sherlock turned away and stalked off toward his desk. John would have been offended if he wasn't so used to it by now; by Sherlock's need to delve into his "mind palace" while working on a case.
"It might help," John said, tracing a finger over one of Sherlock's palms. He liked the idea of Sherlock thinking this through further in the next few weeks. It would give both of  them time to get serious. "Having a... common goal, or whatever, might help keep us on task."
"You are here six weeks after Madame Pomfrey's none-so-surprising retirement. That was one of the main positions open on staff that needed to be filled before start of term in six days. The other positions that were open would not have anything to do with me, however, if you are to take a place as a medical professional at Hogwarts, it is given that you will, at times, have to work closely with me. Thus, my dear brother saw it fit to introduce us immediately following your acceptance of the position in order to begin that working relationship."
John was temped to go downstairs and see if he was in the right flat or if he'd accidentally ventured into the married ones' happy home.
John was the mouse, Sherlock was the cat.
I want all of him against all of me.
“I was roughly the size of a juvenile Orca,” Sherlock said, remembering how distinctly unsexy pregnancy had felt; how he’d constantly been told how he was
He popped it open and poured the contents into his hand--a specially-designed guard for the rare Alpha who needed to take the temptation out of the equation. Worn in the heat of the moment, for lack of better phrasing, it would ensure an Alpha couldn’t place a bond bite. Of course, it wasn’t fool-proof--an Alpha could always remove it mid-coitus. But it couldn’t be spit out.
“Yeah, I suppose.”
He didn't recognize it at first, but when he turned his illuminated wand toward its source, he saw Molly's boyfriend. He certainly looked different from when John had last seen him. Gone were his threadbare slippers and comfortable night robes, exchanged for all-black, sleek robes that seemed to cling against his frame like liquid silk. His tie had little glints of silver thread in the wand light.
"Fuck me, John. Harder."
The way most childhood nicknames seem to, it stuck.
Sherlock swallowed, letting his throat bob just a bit harder than usual. There was no sound in the room and he wondered for a moment if he was alone. That was unusual; it wasn't as if a dreamer would need to leave to get condoms or to answer the phone or shut of the telly before continuing his sexual escapades. Distractions just weren't there in dreams.
John had no idea two fingers could have so much attitude.
Sherlock unbuttoned his trousers teasingly, undoing the zip at a snail’s speed, shimmying his hips almost imperceptibly, and John would’ve accused him of planning it all if the whole day hadn’t been so unpredictable.
Hamish’s pale blue eyes brighten in the fairy lights. Sherlock feels a swell of pride at the realization that Hamish remembers the wrapping from last year’s gifts from Father Christmas. He’s
Without saying anything to his well-meaning colleague, John stood and left the room. His shift was close enough to being over. They’d understand why he left, even if he didn’t tell them outright. There was no shame in the need to be
John held up his hand to stop the interrogation that had been about to pour from Sherlock’s lips, and it was probably for the best. It wasn’t fair for Sherlock to dive into a line of questioning when he wasn’t even willing to tell John Annabelle’s
There were too many sensations. It was quickly becoming more than Sherlock could comprehend in his state of mind. His cock, slipping in and out of John's mouth while being sucked with such enthusiasm; the light brush of wool against his thighs from John's jumper-clad person; the finger that was now thrusting slowly inside his arse, curving gently to ghost against his prostate; the burn in his shoulders and wrists from pulling against his restraints; the gentle sound of suction, a wet, obscene slurp each time his dreamer's mouth disengaged from his cock.
I have a child,” he said, sounding defensive and a mite petulant to his own ears, but: “I haven’t done this since long before the Mandate--I’ve never had to--”
“Squeeze me agai--
John's hips began to thrust against his face and Sherlock couldn't help the moan that bubbled up his throat when the hands in his hair pulled him forward just a little too forcefully. The thrusts started to become erratic, and Sherlock knew well enough to know that this dream had been going on long enough for John's sleeping body to be on the verge.
“Christ, that’s beautiful,” he mutters, pushing forward incrementally until he’s fully seated inside. Feeling his his trousers against my naked legs as he stands behind me, and the full knowledge of what we must look like right now, makes me groan and drop my forehead against the cool wallpaper. I can feel where his unbuttoned jacket drapes across my hips, enclosing me just slightly and tickling me with each thrust as he starts to move.
John clenched his fists involuntarily. Of course, wanting to lash out at someone for lashing out was a bit backwards, but anyone who could hit a child--their own child, a stranger’s child, hell, even a child as ornery as Sherlock had surely been--deserved to be hanged, drawn, and quartered.
John reached between them for the toy, and Sherlock held out his hand, bottle clasped in his suddenly sweaty palm. It was ridiculous that they truly didn’t have the patience to take off both pairs of trousers before moving on to the main attraction.
His beers, like the body parts, were also gone.
John chided himself toward the end of the day.
. It was only a matter of time before he’d be writhing on the sheets.
And like they'd promised, they were in this together, every step.
John decided he couldn't risk it. This man had killed three people. He was justified.
"Low grade fever, I think," John said. "Have you at least been keeping hydrated?"
“Just answer the question, John. If it were possible, would you?”
John Watson died during surgery.
“I’ve put away the shopping. Apparently your experiment wasn’t all that....” John trailed off, his eyes dropping to Sherlock’s fore and middle fingers, which had been absently moving in and out of the fleshy silicone hole he held in his lap. “Is that--”
to see more than anything.
His balls tightened and he purposefully clenched around John again on the man's next inward thrust, hoping to elicit more sounds from his dreamer's throat. He wanted it harder, he wanted to feel John's cock inside him for days after they woke up. He wanted to be walking sideways with a tell-tale limp that people would assume was from this very act of intimacy.
“Father Christmas brought us all an early gift, Hamish,” John explains, crouching down next to his son. The boy’s small frame buzzes with excitement and he pulls his towel closer around him, though Sherlock can tell he’s mostly dry now and the room is warm enough that he won’t be chilled. “Why don’t you find yours and open it for us?”
“I’ll send it out,” I say, taking a few steps toward him and relieving him of his tie.
The thing about sex with Sherlock was that the more impatient he was feeling at any given time of day, the more quickly he wanted the sex to be over. It was rare of him to want to drag it out, to make it last until they were begging each other simultaneously.
For instance, he still can’t be bothered with the shopping, and you’d be lucky to get him to eat two meals in a single day. It’s difficult to get him to read children’s stories to Hamish without changing the ends, and he loathes having to pick his son up from primary school (too many idiotic parents--honestly, why would Hamish need a “play date”?). When Sherlock had declared Hamish’s cries while he was teething two and a half years ago a “nuisance,” the Nuisance Coupons had been born.
His eyes drifted up Sherlock’s face, taking in the taut line of his jaw, the thin set of his normally full lips as he tried to clamp them together with his chattering teeth. Those eyes were moving beneath their tightly-shut lids and John couldn’t help feeling that there was an admonishment going on behind them, as if Sherlock were berating himself for his behavior.
His fingers unbuttoned his fly and he pushed his hips up off the seat to lower his jeans enough that he could fish his cock out of his pants and spread his legs a bit. He didn't wrap his fingers around himself the way he wanted to. Instead, he ran his open palm from tip to base, dipping down and fondling his balls when his on-screen lover's French manicured fingers did the same to the man she was sucking.
The man was delectable.
He moaned quietly and his hips rutted against the bedclothes, seeking the body of the man upstairs who was likely in a similar state. His cock was leaking now, knot throbbing at the base. Every inch of his body was ready to claim the other alpha, as impossible as the desire was.
But then those lips were dipping below his belly button, following the smattering of dark hair down to his groin with a slow, teasing lick. Sherlock's eyes closed behind his blindfold and he scrunched up his face and clenched his fists; anything to keep him from thrusting upwards into the face he imagined was only centimeters from his cock.
"Are you okay?" Sherlock asked, eyes briefly leaving Moriarty in order to flicker over John.
Slowly, sounds not unlike dreaming ghosts began to waver by his ears.
There was certainly
“My sincerest apologies, Mr. Watson, it seems there’s been a misunderstanding,” said the manager. He turned toward the receptionist, who was now refusing to meet any of their eyes. “Alexander, if you’d please assist Mr. Watson and his
The doctor crept up behind him (well, not actually, surely Sherlock knew he was there) and slid his arms around the other man from behind. He pressed his lips to the bit of skin just above the hem of Sherlock's neckline.
It would be so much easier if they were alpha and omega, the perfect bonding pair. No battles, no winner--just the give and take of flesh.
That didn't bode well with John at all. His eyes snapped open and he stared through the crack he'd made in the doorway, trying to figure out the positions of the men in the room. He wanted to shout; he wanted to make his presence known; he wanted to summon the Aurors and get them here before Sherlock did something colossally stupid.
Sherlock looked across the room. John was seated in his chair reading a medical text, though he looked as though he was falling asleep slowly. When he felt the consulting detective’s gaze on him, John’s eyes flicked up to him and held his gaze for a short moment, contemplative, before turning back down to the book in front of him.
There was always something, but it wasn’t usually something so
Uh-oh. That didn't bode well.
The kiss was an awkward tumble of lips made erotic by the thrust of John's cock into Sherlock's body. They couldn't keep their mouths together at that angle--not even in dreams were they contortionists--but that didn't stop John from running his tongue wetly along Sherlock's jawline, it didn't stop Sherlock from arching his neck in invitation.
But that was ridiculous. Sherlock was the only one who could read minds. And he couldn't even actually
"Mmm," Sherlock hummed, eyes still closed.
"You'll find this to be a very near replica of your previous wand," the Headmaster explained. "Should it reject you or feel uncomfortable to you, please do not hesitate to let me know and I shall get you a replacement."
Other times, they were used for less grand events, like wanting Sherlock to leave an experiment and go to the park or making him put down his violin in favor of keeping Hamish asleep. One was even presented to him on a Sunday morning when he tried to sneak out of bed before sunrise. John had simply tucked the little card into his hand and pulled him close.
Fueling the fantasy, Sherlock set the jumper down on his pillow and rolled onto his stomach, resting on one elbow as he balled up the jumper so he could nuzzle his face into the fabric. It was easy to close his eyes and recall the softness of John’s neck, the ease with which he nipped teasingly at the flesh.
“How about we try this--”
He expected fingers, a fist, expert hands to roll the condom onto his cock.
“In my defense...” Sherlock wiped his mouth and set down the fork, holding out the remaining three bites for John. “I--Well, there were three layers. And I wanted some, and it was only fair to share with each of the twins equally. Wouldn’t want to show favouritism.”
So he was sort of expecting the house elf when it appeared twenty minutes later.
A testament to John's preparedness: Sherlock's opening was already slippery with lubrication when that finger pressed inside him.
, pressing chest to chest momentarily until their mouths collided once more.
"Fair. But if it doesn't happen the first month, you're not allowed to masturbate at all."
"Professor Sherlock Holmes asked Miffy to remind Professor Watson that he has rounds tonight on the seventh floor, sirs."
"Tedious." Sherlock's lips formed the word coldly, as if he truly believed transfiguring a bat  wing into a quill for his own use would be a useless task.
"Did you honestly send for me just to fetch you a quill? And I haven't, by the way. Got one." John leaned against one of the work stations. Everything was still clean. In eight days, the place would be covered in slime and toad eyes from failed attempts at brews.
He didn't even know the man's name, but he'd taken it up the arse for him more in the last year than his husband had.
"He does that often, he does," Angelo said, looking at the door and resting a heavy hand on John's left shoulder. John winced a bit at the unsolicited pressure to his childhood injury. "You'll just have to get used to it if you're going to be hanging 'round Sherlock Holmes."
And then the door opened and if John hadn't already been immobilized, he would have frozen further. It wasn't just about him, it wasn't just about Sherlock.
He heard Sherlock inhale not far from his ear and reached back with one hand to touch his waist, silently letting him know that now certainly wasn’t the time. The heart-shaped mouth behind him closed audibly.
Interesting. Need more data.
"Honestly, John, changing the password from the already-unimaginative 'badger' to 'honey badger' should not actually count. It was insultingly easy to begin with, don't make it more so by tacking on identifiers." Sherlock sat up, robes righting themselves almost too fluidly, and tapped his fingers against the arm rest of the sofa.
John worked them into a steady rhythm, one that pushed Sherlock’s cock through the ring of his fist with each thrust. He was resting nearly all of his weight on Sherlock’s back, holding him close with his other arm wrapped around the Omega’s chest. This meant that Sherlock could feel every movement--every breath he took, every ripple of muscle beneath his overheated skin. John’s grunts of pleasure as he worked them both to their peak were muffled by the mouthguard.
And then he was pushed off into the spotlight, face to shell-shocked face, fifteen feet from his best friend and six steps from a psychopath.
She’d run away from him again, he was certain.
John didn't answer. He couldn't very well tell Sherlock he'd had a guilty wank about him the other morning.
Mrs. Hudson was one of the smartest people Sherlock knew, and he assumed that his distress over the whole situation was written on his face. She lifted Annabelle to place her on the couch, depositing her gently with a kiss to her golden curls.
“Yeah?”
Here.
Now all he was facing was the possibility of a shameful, lonely scar come morning or another decade of passing the time with various women who were doing the same with him.
Sherlock watched as John sighed and closed his laptop. All of his tells were there--yes, he would be agreeable to a sexual relationship if it were possible for it to stay on the safe side of the violent line. He’d go into intimacies that were aggressive, but not if there was a chance that they would injure each other. Sherlock could tell from the way his eyes lingered on his throat when he raised them. But there was also the tension in his shoulders, holding himself back from what he wanted.
Once John seemed convinced enough that this was entirely a Good Idea, he repeated what he'd done to Sherlock in that first dream, only much more tentatively. He'd unzipped his trousers and crawled onto the bed to straddle Sherlock's chest, and when Sherlock turned his head down and opened his mouth in an obvious invitation, John had groaned out loud and slipped the fingers of his left hand into Sherlock's hair, guiding his cock into welcoming lips with the other.
John's eyes focused, trying to make out the figures in the dim lighting, trying to force his mind to turn the hazy, drunken images it perceived into sharp, actual human beings. If he reached out to touch it, it was possible that he would break through it and that wouldn't be good for either him or Sherlock, if this man was dangerous--which was more and more likely as time went on.
He wraps one arm around my chest and pulls me up farther onto my knees, effectively impaling me on his prick as he begins to thrust harder. I lose the sensation of the pointed silk, but I gain something I hadn’t even dared to dream of—John, fully suited, pressed against my naked back. As he drags me closer, sucking a bruise into my shoulder, his fingernails dig into my collarbone and the buttons on his shirt threaten to fuse with my spine.
He needed to do something; he wanted to see Sherlock, to make sure that the potions had fixed him the way they were meant to.
The resistance was useless: there was a brief moment when the potion spilled against his bitten lips to drip along his chin, but then his mouth was open and it was up to his tongue and throat to work against the rest of him.
John reached for the bottle of water on the sink and twisted off the cap. "They were at the scene a few minutes ago, but I'm sure by the time we're ready to be anywhere, the body will have been cleared out. I could call Lestrade and have them hold it--"
, John thought. One hand slid down the wall to press against where his stranger's shoulder would be. He wanted to tangle his hands in the man's hair, wanted to pull that mouth closer, wanted that face pressed into his groin, hands on his balls.
Private chambers.... It couldn't possibly be right that this man had a direct line to Hogsmeade in his chambers. Then again, he was the Headmaster's younger brother. But should John already be risking so much trouble? It was his first day. He'd only met this madman four hours ago.
He gave up on sleep two hours later. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw a billow of deep blue disappearing over the edge of the roof.
"I know the keeper here," Sherlock said while John settled himself. "Order anything you fancy. It'll be on the house."
John had no control, but his mind was fully aware of the Unforgivable as it washed over him. How had he written off Molly's Jim as nonthreatening? What did he have to do with the Ministry man? Aside from helping with Sherlock's cases, John had always been ordinarily unassuming--
Objectively, Sherlock knew people occasionally found him attractive, but his stomach did something strange and flippity as the deduction flitted through his mind. This wasn’t just another Alpha who would inevitably ask him to dinner and then realize he’d made a terrible miscalculation once Sherlock showed off his intellect and deductive skills. The eyes that locked on Sherlock’s were Annabelle’s, the silver-streaked hair on the man’s head had once been light and golden. And Sherlock, in a surprising twist of fate, found that he wanted to run his hands through it to see if it was as soft as his daughter’s.
There was always a but. In this case, it was:
“I guess Father Christmas wants to make sure you sleep snugly tonight while he brings you your presents,” John offers. They’ve agreed on this--an early gift from the imaginary fat man in order to encourage Hamish to go to sleep at a decent hour. Lestrade has offered that this might also keep him from setting traps when he’s a bit older, but Sherlock knows that, realistically, the boy will try to capture Father Christmas at one point or another if he doesn’t discover the lies before age six.
"Harder, John," Sherlock whispered, and that was John's queue that he may have spent just a bit too long with the foreplay. Sherlock wasn't bossy any longer, but his body was on edge, waiting and wanting, and it was true of John that he wouldn't be able to wait too long, either.
I kiss him once more, sliding my tongue past his lips and over his front teeth, moving on to slowly fucking his mouth in small thrusts of my tongue against his, letting him taste himself. It’s a difficult kiss at this angle, but I manage to swallow his groan before pulling back.
“I’m still a little focused on the first half of this conversation, if you don’t mind.” His husband, a
"He thinks with regular meals, I could gain six pounds in the first month." Sherlock had switched back to textbook words, and he sounded almost monotone, as if he had lost that flare of excitement.
They were both holding their breath, one hand each on the cylindrical toy, slowly guiding their cocks closer. The crowns met with a soft, wet brush at the lips of the downturned toy. Sherlock was torn between wanting to close his eyes to revel in the sensation and drowning in regret at not ordering the clear version of the O-Masturbator. The image of what their their cocks would look like as they slipped inside together was likely well worth the cost of ordering another.
John just had to make sure he was there to catch him and, when he couldn't be, to pick up the pieces.
This whole thing was a new experience for Sherlock, even years later. At the end of the day, Annabelle was a fascinating and frustrating experiment that seemed blessedly unending. There was always something new for him to learn--not to mention the fact that
“Shall we finish getting you undressed, mm?”
“It’s barely ten.”
He knocked twice on Sarah's door. "Is it alright if I cut out for a bit? Sherlock needs me."
"Well, thank you. Unless I shouldn’t be?" John asked. The Headmaster looked up from his desk and gestured to the seat in front of him, which John took.
Unless the castle had had radiators installed in the last twenty years, he doubted he'd find the source of the warmth.
Sherlock can’t remember a time when he
John wondered if she knew her own father had been a victim of a stolen phial of the potion while he was in school. At least, that's what rumors had said.
“So did I.” Sherlock absentmindedly stirred his tea for something to do. Mrs. Hudson had already added the milk and sugar. He told her the story of catching John’s scent in Regent’s Park, of the file, of the mix-up with John’s sample and getting shot. “I--I met John a few days later, at Bart’s, and I knew it was him, but I needed to suss him out. I couldn’t just bring an Alpha to Baker Street.”
“It’s an O-Masturbator,” Sherlock said, quickly unfolding his legs from underneath himself. He pushed the box off the side of the bed, keeping the lubricant close. It took a moment of maneuvering, given that he had worked himself into an aroused state, but he got to his knees on the bed. “I found it while researching solutions to our problem--”
"I, uh... I suppose we could discuss it now. But...." John paused, treading carefully. "A child is a lot of responsibility, Sherlock. It's not something we could go back on if it didn't work."
John slowly slid back, pulling all the way up until his lips pressed a closed-mouth kiss to the head of the shaft, lightly teasing at the leaking slit before suddenly sliding back down with unmatched fervor.
"Mr. Watson?" A nurse opened the door and poked her head into the waiting room.
When he caught the last button in his teeth, he pulled the shirtfront from Sherlock’s trousers without a care that his chin had just brushed against the other alpha’s erection. There would be time for that soon enough. He licked the sparse trail of hair that decorated the detective’s naval, groaning at the taste of aroused skin. This was where he gave in to the temptation to bite, to sink his teeth into hot flesh. It was safe here--there was no bonding at the belly button, only tantalizing skin marked with his claim.
It took nearly half an hour for the knot to settle, and by the end of it, Sherlock had decided that being on top wasn’t the best position when one hadn’t had much sleep or rest in the beginning of heat. Best to get that one out of the way early on next time so his legs wouldn’t be quite so straining by the time the knot was ready to release him.
He just hoped he wasn't too plain in comparison.
Sherlock drew his wand and pointed it at the other man. It was then that John realized Jim didn't even have his wand out. "Both."
The feeling of his strong body beneath me, fully clothed and almost caged by his trousers, is a new sensation that I have to slowly catalogue as he breaches me. His bare cock stretches my rim, but I’m momentarily distracted by the feeling of the fabric from his trousers between my thighs, against my calves where I’m straddling him. The point of his tie teases my cockhead as he presses up into me and I simultaneously push down, drawing him in deeper. Where my hands clasp his shoulders there is soft, freshly-pressed fabric instead of his beautifully scarred skin.
I can taste his shudder.
* * *
is how I want to see you.” John removed his hand, brushing away the curls on Sherlock’s forehead so he could press his lips there.
He’d been set to walk through the doors--listening to the shouting from inside about the drug overdose of a 23-year-old--when he was stopped by one of the A&E nurses.
John nodded. He was just as curious, though for more selfish reasons than the Headmaster.
Every breath Sherlock took was something John could see, and when he slipped his fingers around from his lover's back to trail them up his chest, he could feel every quiver of Sherlock's body, inside and out.
The closer he was to John's fantasy, the less likely that John would simply untie him and stutter about indecency.
"Lestrade?" The Headmaster looked over his shoulder and into a shadowed alcove, where the Auror stepped from at the sound of his name.
This gave Sherlock pause. “Sure of what?”
A soft whimper passed Sherlock's lips and John whispered a quiet "Shhhh" against his partner's neck, knowing full well that a "Get on with it, John" was likely somewhere behind that sound.
Sherlock finally looked up, pale blue eyes holding John's firm. His mouth was set in a soft line.
“Is that a good idea?”
