chamber that led to the harem bathhouse. In the city, the large public bathhouses had separate sections for males and females, but since males were so rare in the prince's harem, there was not a separate section for them. "She's . . . bitter."
"I don't wish that, not really," Alfie returned, leading the other two omegas into the main room of Crowley's suite. Linda, who had already eaten a small breakfast while waiting for the boys to wake, nodded toward the table where tea was waiting. Mark, ever attentive in a chair by the door, closed the book he had been reading and headed to the door to call for food to be delivered. Normally, he would have it waiting, but Crowley had told the beta of his plan to sleep in, so he had waited.
Sam exchanged a charged glance with his brother, some silent communication passing between them as the taller brother took his place on the firing line. "You seem distracted, not tired. Did you speak with Gad last night, maybe hear something that disturbed you?"
Sam grinned and wrapped his arms around the omega, falling onto the bed with the Celestial stretched across his chest. "Gabe, I will court you, I will mate you, I will do anything you want. I'm just glad you're better."
The rest of the ride was quiet, the pups staring out the windows while Balthazar dug through his bag and Gabriel fiddled with the ragged edge of his shirt. They reached the school a few minutes later, the three older boys piling out of the car before Chuck drove away. Cas felt Gabriel stiffen beside him, the omega's usual reaction to being thrust into a situation where he could run into alphas and dominant betas, but the blonde froze in shock a moment later.
"Ha, yeah. That's John, my dad. My family has lived here for generations, and we always like to watch out for the town and everyone in it. I have to start small, with this school."
"There will be a lot of dominants at the party, Cas, so let me know if you feel uncomfortable at all, okay? And we can leave at any time."
"I would calm Alfie like that, when he was a baby," Cas murmured, reaching up to press his fingers against the scent glands at the base of his jaw.
Gerald opened his mouth to answer, a sharp growl from his left giving him pause. Don watched him with glowing purple eyes, power sparking from his fingers as he itched to teach this guard a lesson. "Do not lie to your Head Alpha," the witch warned softly, the alpha and betas by his side echoing his aggressive posture.
Sam shook his head. “I don’t even know if he would accept the vessel and help us. He really has no reason to like me or Dean.”
Gabriel smiled at the older archangel and took a step closer, stopping just outside the flames. “Lucifer, you may be a great big bag of dicks, but you are my brother and I love you.”
Ignoring his brother, Dean slammed open the door to Cas’s room, stopping dead at the sight that met his eyes. He wasn’t completely sure what he expected to find, but this was not it.
“No, not yet, but the demons that I set to guard the Cage said they hear whispers. It’s not just Lucifer who is trying to break free. They have heard Michael yelling, screaming, and banging against the seals. At least Lucifer doesn’t have a vessel down there and only Moose here is strong enough to hold him up top. He may burn out a few human vessels if he gets free, but we should have no problem containing him again.”
"Down in the swamps, we tell stories about finding our soulmate someday. Wilderness wolves believe the same thing, by the way."
Crowley looked up from his conversation with Abaddon as Linda entered his private study, not bothering to knock before taking a seat in front of his desk. "Linda, so good to see you."
The angel narrowed his eyes, the faintest flare of his muted grace behind those blue orbs. “What does Michael want from you? What did he tell you while I was unconscious?”
"He threw me out," Dean chuckled, finally removed enough from the incident that he could brush it off with a touch of humor. "He said he'd never be able to find me a mate."
"I know," Kevin purred, finding that comforting his brother let him gain control over his own mating instincts. He glanced up at Mshindi, who nodded encouragement. "Alfie, Mshindi says that omegas in his land don't hide away during their heat. If he can do it, you can do it."
Dean looked up as he moved into the chorus, his eyes finally meeting Cas’s at the table near the stage and offering him a faint smile.  The angel leaned forward, that reverent look in his eyes that Sam had seen so many times before, and he prayed that Dean would give the angel what he so desperately needed for once.  Some of the other patrons had caught sight of the raven-haired man in the blue flannel shirt staring desperately at the one on stage, many of them starting to work out the tension between them that this song might be trying to solve.
"I wasn't . . . I wasn't fighting to stay." Dean ran his fingers carefully over his folded clothes, shoving them into his pack and settling them before speaking. His mind flew back to that night, to the fight with the alphas and betas who had been harassing him for days. He thought back to his determination to climb that pole and
"Hush, you," the beta purred, stepping forward to hug the raven-haired omega. "I have a feeling we're going to be great friends."
"If you care about my pleasure, then would it be alright if you fucked me? I've been thinking about it for years, and I've never had an alpha before. I haven't had a heat in four years so it has to be coming soon, within the next month maybe, and I don't want to go through another one not knowing what it feels like to have you inside me instead of some dumb toy."
Dean grinned and reached out to ruffle Cas's dark hair, chuckling when the omega growled half-heartedly and pulled away. "You're in the Pack now, so your siblings will get in automatically. They might as well meet everyone now."
. It's a powerful feeling, one that any alpha wants to feel as often as possible. Cas seems to shy away from the spotlight, so those moments may be fewer for Dean, but I think he'll get enough."
"I lost the pup just before winter," Tasha whispered, dropping her eyes to the ground. "I wasn't in any condition to talk about it."
Dick finally smashed through the door at the bottom of the staircase, running into the hallway to find his prey. He turned a corner and found the omega soldier staring out a window, probably looking for an escape route, the boy dashing away quickly when he spotted the Hun. Dick swung his sword at the soldier and missed, breaking a wooden column with the force of the blow. The soldier ran and Dick gave chase, swinging again and bringing another column to the floor as the soldier scrambled up a third one. Not stopping to wonder how the young soldier could be so adept at climbing wooden columns, Dick swung his sword at the base of it and broke it, watching as the heavy piece of wood crashed through the thin walls and dangled its end over the crowd below.
Balthazar waved his hand at the brothers, offering to begin the explanation. "Mshindi told us that we didn't have to be locked away during our heats and that in his tribe the alphas and betas are the ones expected to control themselves, not the omegas. We wanted to see that in action, so . . . wait." He turned to gape at Mshindi, shaking his head almost imperceptibly. "You knew. Somehow, without me even realizing, you led us into meeting with Crowley."
Sam, who tracked their ill-gotten finances more closely than Dean, tilted his head at the dark-haired angel. “Cas, how did you max out that card so fast? I thought Dean just gave you that one a few weeks ago.”
The trip back to the city didn't take as long as Crowley had feared. Somehow, Balthazar's headlong flight had carried him north and west, closer to the city than his original rendezvous point had been. The omega ran by Crowley's side the entire time, Balthazar trusting the alpha to help keep him grounded and sane. As soon as they reached the castle gates, Crowley shifted back and gestured for the others to do so, as well. Kevin handed out everyone's clothes, pulling Balthazar's supply bag out and passing it over.
Hours later, his stomach doing cartwheels under his ribs, Dean was finally allowed to put his scrolls down and stand. Hester watched him critically as he stretched his aching back, scoffing as he half-limped after her to the covered doorway in the back of the main room. "Where are we going?" Dean didn't expect an answer, having already learned in his short time as a slave that the tall blonde wasn't fond of questions, but she surprised him.
"Hmm?" The blonde was already half-asleep, the long day of weapon practice exhausting him. "What is it, Sam?"
Castiel’s words from so many years ago filled Sam’s mind, echoing with the angel’s deep, gravelly voice. He watched Gabriel as the youngest of the four Archangels slipped between two of Michael’s followers, his blade slicing through each of them in turn with barely a flick of his wrist. They fell to the ground, their grace flaring as they died almost too suddenly to recognize the object of their demise. He glanced at Lucifer, a silent communication passing between them as the elder vanished from the field of battle, appearing three yards away in the middle of the cluster of Seraphs guarding the door to the dilapidated police station. With a malicious grin and a flare of red in his eyes, the fallen angel threw them back, laughing as his lithe partner destroyed them all.
The second alpha was taller, a sandy blonde with light blue eyes, his clothes less conservative than his brother's, though still typical alpha styles. He stood with his hands in his pockets as he cast a guarded gaze across the group, clearly deferring to the older alpha. Dean approached them first, catching warring scents of cedar, peppermint, longleaf pine, and spearmint as his own cinnamon and leather aroma strengthened in warning. He was an alpha protecting his pack, and so were they; he only hoped his first meeting with Cas's alpha brothers would end well.
Sam snapped his teeth, the long canines that marked him as an alpha flashing in the light. The display of dominance had never bothered Dean before, especially since he was as strong as his brother and his own sharp canines were unusually long for an omega, but this time the action silenced him. "You know what, Dean, I know my place, okay? I do. Maybe . . . maybe it's time you learned yours."
The omega smiled and stepped forward, burying his nose in the alpha's neck and inhaling his familiar scent. "How was your meeting?"
Dean laughed and grinned unabashedly, still holding Cas tightly against his chest. "Dude, that's perfect. Keep doing that, like, forever. I can never get that last word with this bastard." He and Crowley had actually been great friends for the past six years, but watching the omega squirm was one of his favorite pastimes.
"What, to see another Naming Ceremony? Five of Father's generals have pupped their mates this year, I don't care to see each brat produced."
Uriel rolled his eyes and sighed. "Wow, April, it's like I've never delivered a new concubine into your
and potentially lose any rights of the freeborn or citizen. Inias can only perform the role now because of our contract, which grants him the rights of a citizen upon its termination, after which he has said that he will gladly take a serving role in the palace."
Castiel laughed at that, one of those rare human-like laughs that Dean rarely got to hear. "I'm going to tell Sam that you said that. You'll never live it down." His face fell, just slightly, but it was enough for Dean to sense that something was wrong. He pushed deeper, and watched as an image of Anna passed through Cas's mind.
Rowena smiled and stepped forward, placing a hand on Gabriel's bowed head. She closed her eyes for a moment as she used her powers to diagnose the omega, expression unreadable as she pulled her hand away. "The damage to his mind is very severe. I've seen what Asmodeus's poisons can do, and this was one of the more virulent ones. It seems like Tasha was able to stop it before it stole any of his other senses, but it easily could have left him blind or deaf, as well."
The raven-haired omega bit his lip and looked away, clearly uncomfortable. "I wanted to ask how Max is doing. If he . . . if he has someone to help him through this."
Cas would normally enjoy a military parade through the City, especially in celebration of such a major victory, but his heart wasn't in it. Cas was sullen and withdrawn, a dark mood shared by most of his men, and he felt like an imposter getting credit for Dean's spectacular strategy of dropping a mountain's worth of snow on top of the Hun army. He would never have thought of it, but that boy had the ability to be a brilliant military tactician if he were ever given the chance. No hope of that now.
Crowley sat up straighter in his chair, puffing out his chest with pride. "Good, glad to hear it. Do we have any more petitioners today?"
"What?!" Cas had no idea why Sam was surprised. He had teleported the boys many place before that, usually to protect them, and he had just saved their lives.
Sam swallowed a scream as Gabriel slipped the first blade free, the other hunters and Lucifer gathering around them. The fallen archangel moved to check on the other hunters while Gabriel cared for their leader, though all of them were watching the healing anxiously. The blonde’s hand was shaking as it began to glow with the blue/gold of his grace, carefully sealing the deep puncture wound and clearing the blood from Sam’s injured lung. Sam’s skin was already pale from blood loss, but he struggled to cling to consciousness as the bright light flowed from Gabriel’s hand into him, healing his wounds and strengthening him as best it could.
Gabriel tilted his head, glancing over his shoulder where his twin had walked back into the compound, nodding slowly. He understood that Cas couldn't have gone, not as long as he was still holding the position of alpha of his omega brothers, and Gadreel would be reluctant to leave his twin alone, even to go on a mission to save him. Balthazar had been the obvious choice.
Mary shook his head. "No. His scent is a bit off, but he didn't have a fever or any symptoms of the flu. It's probably just the winter."
"No, she's spending the day helping Amara weave a new dress." Hannah was the only one of Cas's concubines who enjoyed spending time with his spinster aunt, always eager to help her with any projects. Cas worried that the girl was lonely, and he had offered to help her find a mate, but she had politely refused.
Ruby and Meg were understandably impatient when Crowley and Balthazar finally met them at the gate. It was an hour past dawn, exactly the time they had asked to meet, but both females were eager to get on the road and return to Rowena's side. Staying in the city without her for most of the winter had been hard on them, and they were ready to return to the wild forests with their witches. Mshindi waited beside them patiently, with Linda, her pups, and Don and Maggie rounding out the group. Everyone had come to bid Balthazar farewell, only Abaddon absent since she was running morning court to give Crowley time to calm himself after his omega vanished over the hills.
The tent flap flew open again as Metatron entered the small space, taking a single sniff and glaring at the boy on the mat. "So it's true."
Dean ran his fingers through Cas's dark hair, the faintest purr vibrating his chest. "I'll leave it to you, love. Whatever you pick will be perfect."
Alfie nodded and took Balthazar's arm, Kevin taking the other one as they led the taller omega away. Crowley pulled Linda to one side, waiting until the three witches left before speaking. "I think he should."
Anna drained her orange juice and frowned sadly at the empty cup, smiling gratefully as Ash grabbed the pitcher and refilled it for her. Cas watched them curiously, not sure how his only sister had managed to snag the beta boy, but happy that she seemed to be enjoying herself. He would have to keep an eye on them when they were together after school and see how this developed.
"Yes," Balthazar whined, stepping forward and baring his neck. Maggie reached for the collar and turned it until she could see the lock, a tiny zap of her purple magic snapping it open. The omega sighed as he felt his wolf return, the itch to shift dancing under his skin. "Thank you," he breathed, rubbing his bruised neck.
The omega took a deep, calming breath, hoping to keep any of his fears from leaking into his scent. "I might not, Adam, but what kind of future will I have if both of you die? I wouldn't survive it; I'm not strong enough for that. And my other option is to stay here and grow old as the omega that no alpha will have. At least if I die at war, I will bring some honor to our family. It the least I can do after failing so miserably at the Matchmaker's hut."
Dean's head started to fall as he pulled away sadly, clearly used to the criticism from the head concubine, but Cas reached out and gripped the boy's left shoulder, halting his escape. "Not everyone responds to your version of training positively," Cas snapped, eyes flashing red as he glanced down at the blonde woman. April had the good sense to shut her mouth and look away, an apology in her scent. "Dean is fine, and certainly ready for a simple trip to the market. Meg, Dean, let's go."
The older archangel sighed and dropped his head. Part of him was thrilled to have a brother to talk to again, one who wasn't insane and trying to kill him, but being a
"Why do you think I wanted you to switch into Sam's Social Studies class? He showed me your schedule and I knew that we could have a class together this way. We aren't taking the same languages or core classes, but I wanted to find an hour we could be together."
Balthazar, who had been standing behind Gabe for moral support, pulled his omega brother to his feet and offered him a quick hug. "The ambulance is here, Gabe, and I'd guess the police won't be far behind. You're the only one who knows what happened, so you'll need to talk to them. Do you want me to stay with you while Dean rides with Cas to the hospital?" Gabe nodded, leaning against his brother. He often acted like he didn't need his dominant brothers for anything, but right now he needed Balthazar to be the strong one.
Dean nodded and reached out to adjust Cas's wings, smiling as the omega sighed gratefully. "You're right. They use a lot of weird fruits in their punch here, like mango and pomegranate and other exotic fruits that Sam would love. I'm glad you like it, though."
"I am. My name is Mshindi, and I am one of the sons of the great Chief Masinde of the Plains Walker Tribe. Your mother visited my father decades ago and became great friends."
"Also not here," Maggie replied. "She may be second in the Coven, but she and Rowena rarely get along. She stayed in the south with our new recruits and will be leading her own ceremony there. Clea won't do it, and I'm rusty."
“Cas, not that I’m complaining,” Dean began between bites of his chicken, “but you never get food for us. What’s wrong?”
Cas's sixth period was Honors Biology, a class that he found fascinating but he didn't have any friends to share his joy with. Meg was working on switching into the class, but it would be another couple of days before she was able to. Mostly he sat by himself against the window and hoped that none of the alphas would bother him. Ever since Dean had walked him to class the week before, though, he hadn't had a single problem, and he knew that having Meg around would make everything even easier. He was already becoming accustomed to looking for his Pack mates when he walked into a classroom.
"Well, according to these pictures and applications, you're the best damn mentor we've ever had. I can't wait to see how many applications we have by Friday."
Cas smiled before tilting his head curiously. "Dean told me that they prefer that family members don't mentor each other."
"Don't hope for it in your lifetime," Ruby replied acridly. Her voice was stronger and sharper at all times, her words more precise, but the quasi-musical quality to her speech pattern was similar to Meg's. He wondered if all Spellbound wolves spoke so oddly. "John, Michael, and Crowley are committed to this war and hate each other more than three wolves have a right to. Crowley's father is rumored to have been a Celestial wolf from one of the splinter packs who was killed by his own pack for impregnating a Spellbound. John's father Henry tried to sue for peace sixty or so years ago and was killed by Cain and Abaddon. Crowley led a raid into Spellbound territory and slaughtered a hundred of their wolves, including a female that Michael was fond of, stealing a young pup and bringing him back here. There is so much bad blood recently between the three Head Alphas that no peace can ever be had."
"Vinegar does not belong on French fries," Dean countered, swallowing both of his deviled eggs quickly and moving onto his pasta salad. "Fries should be eaten with ketchup and that is all."
Tasha stared at Dean for a long moment, purple eyes flicking to the two huge red deer on the kitchen floor before returning to the alpha's face. "It's the middle of winter."
"Well, it's too bad we got to angel-proof in the first place, isn't it?" Dean pushed himself to his feet, determined to look the seraph in the eye. "Why are you here?"
Cas shrugged at Dean's question. "I try to, everyone except April. They're all here because my mother wants them here or because someone wants to buy favor with Dad; they deserve a better life than being a slave to someone like me who isn't all that interested in sleeping with them."
Jody spun the angel blade in her hand, grinning as both of her adopted daughters stepped forward to stand with her and Donna. “Well, you know we’re in. Those boys are family, and we’ll do whatever it takes to get them back.”
Dick's face fell as shock chased the red from his eyes. "The soldier from the mountains." How had he not recognized this warrior underneath the omega robes; the boy even smelled like one. Still, there was no mistaking that steely gaze as belonging to the blond who had used a cannon to drop an avalanche on his army, killing nearly all of them. He dropped the army captain, raising his sword as he advanced on the omega warrior, determined that this time he would not fail to end his quarry. Someone was going to die for his inability to defeat China, and it might as well be the boy who destroyed his army. Dean slipped his shoe back on and bolted, knowing that Cas would be able to get out on his own if he could just keep Dick occupied.
"Shh, Zar," Crowley purred, holding the omega tightly against his chest. "You will be my mate, I can promise you that. I don't care if I do have to fight Michael and John and all of their damn armies, I will have you. Okay?"
Balthazar and Samandriel both rolled their eyes at that, knowing that Kevin didn't truly believe his words but understanding the sentiment. Now that he had a choice in who he would mate, the blue-eyed Celestial found that he also had little urge to choose. "Wait, Alfie?"
"Yes, Alpha," Abaddon whispered, knowing better than to move before her leader left the room. He was still high-strung enough to attack.
Arlene handed Anna a cup of juice and sent her to a table filled mostly with alpha pups and the stray beta, already knowing that she preferred the company of other dominant children. It had taken her some time to understand the redheaded girl, but they were getting along pretty well now. Anna's younger brother was the exact opposite of his sister; he was a steady, level-headed boy who listened to orders and strove to please the adults around him. She had sent him to sit at the table where Adam was watching over most of the calm omega pups and the younger betas, knowing that her cousin could handle the youngest Novak boy.
Cas took a seat nearby, Dean settling on the log next to him. They tore into their meals but the conversation didn't stop. "What about you, Steve? Don't you want to have your own war horse? Khan's getting into his late teens; it would be better if you had a young stallion or mare of your own. Have you thought about that?"
"I told him that it was better that I didn't know where he went," Dean added, "in case an angel asked me."
"You were greatly missed, Excellency." John subtly adjusted the dark green cloth draped over his son's left side, the color evoking wealth and nobility. Until he presented, Sam would not have been allowed to wear anything other than common white linen, but now that he was a man he would be expected to dress to his station. The other son, the tall omega waiting silently behind his father, was still dressed in a simple white tunic with no embroidery, the mark of a slave. As a male omega, he did not have the full rights of a Roman citizen, though as he had been born inside the empire he could not be sold as a slave to anyone other than a Roman. In that, at least, the blood of Rome was protected.
Sam purred under Gabe's cheek, his scent enveloping his blonde partner. "I missed you, Gabe. I know it's customary for omegas to be separated when they are in heat, but that is the only time I want to be apart from you ever again."
"Alright son, it's your pack after all. Just do me a favor, okay? If you ever get that restless urge and feel like you need to fight with me to gain some sort of status or freedom, don't do it in front of the omegas. It's bad for their emotional health."
"They shouldn't have to worry about that in their family pack," John agreed. "I'm sure I can arrange to meet Chuck, have a talk with him about the consequences to his family when he fights with the older two."
Cas furrowed his brows in thought as the car pulled back onto the road. "I don't know how the licensing laws work here, Dean. When can you drive multiple unrelated passengers?"
Sam and Gabe curled up on the couch to watch movies, mostly campy ones as Sam wasn't a fan of truly scary ones. They promised to hand out candy, since Mary and John were headed to their own party at the Mayor's office. Darth Adam and a reluctant police officer Ash took Jedi Alfie and vampire Anna Trick-or-Treating into the neighborhood with the rest of the children, huge bags in their hands as they prepared to gather as much candy as possible.
sensation. Whoever he had seen by the lake earlier was gone now, but he didn't feel like joining the other omegas in their embroidery practice.
Anna was similarly pleased with her room, having shared one with her baby brother for most of her life. She headed for the second bathroom with her supplies while Sam and Dean led the older omegas further down the hall. Sam pulled the blond to one side of the hall while Dean opened the door on the other side, each brother silently agreeing to handle their own trainees.
"Perfect! Alright, I'll go over the basics, most of which I'm sure you know, and then you will be free to ask me all of your questions. I do want to ensure that we have a solid foundation for this discussion, so please politely refrain from speaking until I open the floor." The wolves nodded, Charlie reaching across the table and passing Jo one of the sweet pastries the servants had brought with the tea. The blonde blushed but took it gratefully, turning to face Rowena as the witch began to speak.
," Rowena repeated, cutting the younger omega off. "I did leave out a few things, yes, but I had to. I saw so many paths in front of me when Cas asked how far they could go, so many possible futures, so I had to point them toward the best possible ones. If I had told them anything else, then we would be looking at Path Number Two from the prophecy."
Dean, kneeling on the ground with only the thin blanket protecting him from the freezing air, looked up at Cas, mentally begging the alpha to turn around and look at him. "My name is Dean. I did it to save my brother." Cas, remembering his own brothers dead on the battlefield near that small village, turned his head slightly, knowing that John did have an alpha son but no one had ever heard anything about him. If that was true, he certainly couldn't be a warrior but Dean was as fine a fighter as his illustrious sire had ever been.
“Yes, they were. They were golden brown at the base and a dark walnut shade at the tips. He was very proud of them, despite having the smallest wings of the four archangels. Gabriel—”
"Mom's got scars, Dean, and she was never really submissive. I'm sure Dad wants you to be happy, no matter what his personal opinions are."
Crowley nodded. "Find a creative and painful way to kill the first four, and do make sure it involves the control collars. Demote the other two from palace duty for six months until you are sure that they will not cause any issues in the future. Have you started questioning the staff?"
"Ok, well I'm glad to meet you. I admit I was a bit shocked when I heard that Dean was taking a trainee this year." She didn't sound upset at the choice, merely curious.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yes, doofus, I mean sex. You don't want your first time to be while you or your partner is in breeding mode. It's not safe or wise. Honestly, things can get very intense and it could cause psychological damage if you aren't prepared. Alphas won't accept assistance from someone they haven't been with a couple of times before, and omegas shouldn't either. No one is really in breeding mode their first time; what I remember of my first rut was anger that there was another, more dominant alpha around and I wanted him gone."
A pair of Sophomores rose gracefully from the ground, sharing the same light brown skin and hair, though they were opposite genders and subgenders. The male omega headed toward a short Asian alpha, while his alpha twin sister joined the blonde Jo.
Crowley made an X over his heart with one finger, grinning at the taller brother. “I’ll drop by later tonight, Moose, with all the information I have.” He finished his drink and dropped a pile of bills on the table, heading outside where he could disappear in private.
Gabriel and Lucifer ignored the five hunters as they vanished into the back of the police station, each one holding an angel blade out toward their oldest brother, Eileen standing behind and between them. The other thirteen hunters found positions in a rough circle around Michael, though the archangel completely ignored the humans since they weren't really a threat.
"Where the hell did you go?" Dean stepped to the side as Sam and Gabriel entered the bunker. "We saw the lights flicker, then Cas felt a surge of power and we went to your room. Your bed was gone, you weren't there, and there were handprints scorched into your ceiling."
Cas and Gabe were curled together on the couch, the younger omega soothing his brother as they watched some documentary on the tablet. "That's a lot of lionesses," Gabe murmured.
Sam leaned over and smiled at the picture, his entire face softening as something gentle and happy filled his scent. "He asked me to do that, the neck thing. He said it would make both of us feel better."
Sam sighed, somehow holding onto his composure. “Well, we got the poison cured really fast, and we think that this could be a temporary side-effect. Tasha will be here just after dawn, and we’ll let her look you over, okay?” Gabriel slowly nodded, fighting against the tears he could feel welling up in his eyes. He had always been the most outspoken of his brothers, always been their voice, and now he was silenced. He thought back to that fight with Asmodeus, at that dark desire in his yellow eyes, and he knew that he should have been faster, somehow. He should have avoided that attack or trained more before they ran away.
Akobel frowned and ran his fingers through his long, blonde hair. "I don't know. Not now, but maybe sooner than I can send expeditions into the mountains. I can send Hannah to Wilderness pack; she's had dealings with them in the past and they'll let her through the border. I don't have any wolves who can go to Spellbound."
"Don' wanna," the older omega growled, burrowing deeper into his nest. He had started nesting as soon as he neared his first heat, stealing blankets, pillows, and clothes and shoving them into his bed until there was barely any room for him. The others had taken their bed stuff back, but Chuck had gone to a thrift store and brought back as many soft, fluffy blankets and pillows as he could afford. Cas guessed that he would start wanting to nest soon, normally the first warning that an omega was headed for his first heat, but for now he just had a single pillow, a comforter, and a blanket his grandmother had crocheted for him before she died.
Wrapped in his blanket, Dean watched the fire burn lower, sighing softly. "I'll have to face my father sooner or later. Let's go home." He stood and kicked snow over the remains of the fire, watching for the smoke to vanish before gathering his extra bags of supplies and tying them to Khan's harness. His saddle had been in one of the other carts, but Dean had been riding this horse bareback his entire life and wasn't worried about the journey. They did at least have one heavy saddle blanket, so it should be enough.
"And it got harder last year when Michael started college," Lucifer admitted, his alpha pride almost preventing him from acknowledging his own hardships in protecting his brothers. He reached out and rested his hand on Michael's arm, smiling gently at the older alpha. "This school is ten times the size of the one we came from, Mike. There's got to be seven, eight hundred alphas and who knows how many dominant betas. You know the teachers try, but the easiest way for an omega to get through the day without being molested is to have some sort of protection. In big cities like this, they need more."
Alfie, unaware of the tension in the room, sauntered into the kitchen, freezing when his eyes met Adam's. The young alpha stepped forward, clearly aiming for the young omega no matter how much John was ordering him to back down. The boy lunged, John missed, and Dean stepped in front of Alfie and Mary who had joined him in the doorway to the dining room.
Charlie shrugged, running her fingers through Rowena's hair as the witch purred contentedly. "I guess we'll have to travel to Celestial lands after we return home. Apparently I'll know him when I meet him."
Bart snorted, clutching at his side as the movement aggravated his ribs. "I am, but I'll heal. I'd like you to show me that move, the rib cracker one, that you used, and that throw. I don't remember using that in training, or seeing you use it."
First off, this chapter is way longer than I planned, but I got kinda into the fight scene with Dean's pack and I needed this to end with the rising of the prophet. Hence, super long chapter. Generally, when I start a chapter, I know what scene I want it to end on, so the length varies greatly depending on how long it takes to get there (like Gabe getting his voice back in 4 or Castiel revealing his identity in 1).
"That you did," the blonde agreed, refilling Cas's drained cup before letting his younger brother even think of speaking. "Though I'm not sure how safe it is to ride a flying wolf without some sort of harness or saddle. We'll have to look into that."
Gadreel tilted his head to the side and closed his eyes briefly in response. "He helped me as much as we helped him. I hope I helped him find acceptance and joy in his omeganess."
The older Winchester threw his hand into the air, exasperated. "Don't you think Dad has plans for me? Haven't you been watching over the past ten years as he threw omega after omega at me? I have never, even for a second, been tempted by one, but he kept trying. The law says that he can't pressure an omega into mating, but nothing protects the alphas from coercion. I tell Cas that his brother's idea of a 'perfect omega' doesn't matter, but the thing is, Dad's got a pretty similar mindset. He'll like Gabriel; your omega is small, submissive, and doesn't like to fight. Castiel is six feet tall, well-muscled, as aggressive as an alpha, and has almost as many scars as we do. Dad's going to hate him."
A quick tap on the door caught his attention, and Balthazar took a moment to revel in the fact that someone was asking permission to enter his space. He called out a welcome, smiling as Linda slid into the room. "Balthazar, I do have a question for you, but it's kind of personal and I didn't want to ask around a bunch of alphas and betas."
Cas walked closer to Dean, resting his side against the larger wolf and nuzzling him under the chin. The alpha knew that Gadreel and Benny were watching, but as that honeysuckle and clover scent filled his nostrils, he found that he really didn't care.
"We'll need to ask Father," Cas replied, even though he knew that Michael would probably make the final decision. Dean moved to the raven-haired omega's side and nodded toward the car, watching as two tall alphas stepped out. The first one was dark-haired and lean, maybe a few inches shorter than Dean though clearly a few years older. His eyes were more turquoise than Cas's, but the resemblance was there.
"Alright, here are the rules for this year. The Council has decided to try for a balance of subgenders today, with a small preference to omegas. That means we are taking on five alphas, five betas, and six omegas. We do not ever accept Seniors for Full Membership, but anyone who is interested can apply for Auxiliary Membership next week, which will allow you to apply for Full Membership if you attend KU. This year we also did not consider any alphas or betas who are already Juniors, but they will also be eligible for Auxiliary Membership." She paused for a moment, watching as ten of the applicants wandered away, murmuring to each other but not bothered by the rejection at all.
Dean leaned forward and trapped Cas under his body, one arm holding him off the bed while the other stayed tangled in the angel's feathers. He placed his legs on either side of Cas's, grinning as the angel arched up again, azure eyes opening in shock as he ground against Dean, the hunter offering a small moan in return. Cas stared at the hunter, panting as he struggled to control his body's reactions. "Dean?"
"Yeah, go ahead and do that." Benny slipped out of his clothes and shifted forms, raising his nose to the sky and howling into the forest. He didn't have the deepest voice of the three, but it carried further than Dean's or Sam's, so he was usually chosen for long-distance communication. He tilted his head to the side, black ears perked forward as he tracked the response, nodding north before shifting back. "They'll meet us at the edge of the trees just north of here in twenty minutes."
"Maybe you weren't specific enough," Anna offered. "You have to go to the Matchmaker with a list, usually one that your dam or sire helped you put together. Me, I want someone tall but not overbearing. I'm Imperial, so he has to be a noble, but I prefer that he not have gone to war. Also, the further away from the Imperial City that he lives, the better. I don't mind moving in with him and his family if it means I can get some distance from mine."
Mary nodded her approval, leaning against the back of the couch as she watched the teens settle in to watch the movie without ending their game. "As far as I know, you're all staying over tonight, so you have plenty of time to educate these guys on the wonder of the Dragon movies. Gadreel, sweetie, do you mind helping me get some rooms ready for the Novaks? I'm sure Benny will play your turns while you're gone."
The blonde shook his head, having seen the instant that the alpha caught his scent. “Just coming out of it,” he whispered back. “It’s why we had to run. It’s the biggest reason, anyway.”
Benny rolled on his side in the water, getting his legs under him so he could face his partner. Normally, Gadreel stood a few inches taller than his beta, but Benny was slightly closer to shore and had an advantage for the moment. "Do you believe in soulmates, Gad?"
Most wolves craved the security of a pack and the safety of a permanent home, but there were rare exceptions who chose to live among nature, traveling between an unending number of long-term hunting posts and spending most of their time as wolves. They were often called
"Not for years, at this rate," Hester answered absently, reading one of her favorite books and barely paying attention to the new concubine. "He doesn't like when a slave talks back, and talk is all you seem to do. You want to meet him, learn to keep silent."
Cas chuckled as his boyfriend jumped into the water, followed quickly by Sam and Benny. Jo, Charlie, and Rowena reclined against the large basket that apparently contained their lunch, while Cas's two brothers stripped down to their own shorts obediently. "Shouldn't we work on our training? We've been 'relaxing' for days."
Cas shook his head and pulled against the hands on his arms, not remembering when their hands had moved there. It suddenly seemed very important that he stay in the chair where Dean had left him. "I don't want to go anywhere. I want to stay here."
The King of Hell grinned, resting his hand on a long box nearby that contained the collar he had asked Sam to fetch for him. “The last time we met, you forced Castiel to kill me, and I must admit that I am fonder of that angel than I am of you. I felt that a little persuasion might be required in this case. Besides, I sent the Archangel Gabriel after you, not some common angel; certainly that shows how much I care?”
He rolled Dean onto his side, azure eyes searching for any injuries as his grace probed the man's soul for a trace of the intruding Archangel's grace. Michael was completely gone, having fled at last, and only the hunter's brilliant soul shone from his body now. Groaning, Dean struggled back to consciousness, in control of himself for the first time since he killed Lucifer.
"One of them has golden eyes, like two shades darker than omega gold. The poor guy was being harassed by half the alphas in school, and he can't help his eye color. The younger one isn't even presented yet, but because he's a Lure . . ." Dean trailed off, hoping that his dad's friend would be able to fill in the blanks.
Benny shrugged, closing his eyes for a moment and taking a quick whiff. "The leftovers of Dean's cinnamon, which I'm sure is always present in his back yard, a faint hint of Gadreel's aroma, and the honeysuckles on the fence. Maybe clover, too."
Dean chuckled, turning to rinse out his cup before drying it and storing it in his bag. "It doesn't taste great, I'll grant you that, but my dad swears by it for long campaigns. He says it helps with sore muscles and feet. I don't know if it works, but I'm not willing to stop."
Sam apparently had "Fanfiction" in paperback, so he ran to the library and found it, bringing it back to his brother proudly. Dean sighed, took the book, and returned to the kitchen, determined to have some breakfast before he tackled the story.
Gabriel nodded against his chest, the movement weak and uncoordinated. “I’m trying. It’s so hard. I just wish I had been stronger, that I could have defeated Asmodeus on my own.”
"You can potty-train a damn bird?" Dean's eyes flicked from the bird on his shoulder to the angel, shock in his suddenly tense posture.
Balthazar leaned back against the wall of the living room, comfortably settled on one of the largest seat cushions with Kevin curled against him on one side and Alfie stretched out on the other. He was rubbing their backs in the slow, soothing strokes he and his brothers traded when they were gripped in the waves of their heats. Alfie was much closer to needing a release than his brother, but neither of them wanted to leave until Mshindi returned from his meeting with Crowley. Kevin clenched his fists tightly in Balthazar's tunic, holding his breath as a shudder wracked his slender frame, but he refused to moan or in any way acknowledge his body's
Dean glanced over at his brother, raising one eyebrow and seeing his confusion mirrored in Sam's hazel eyes. This was not what they had been taught.
"And the Council won't take that long," Maggie assured the boys. "We can arrange a ride home for all three of you, regardless of what is decided."
"You can choose your own mate, Cas," Meg murmured, patting his shoulder comfortingly. "I know that it would be a scandal, but . . . maybe it's just the shakeup your family needs."
"We used tarter fruit this time," Gordon piped up, sipping from his beer. "We thought it was a bit too sweet before. It's very popular."
Castiel reached out a hand and touched Benny's shoulder, pausing the burly alpha in his planned leap. "One moment. You seem to be missing something." Metatron, who had been unusually silent since Castiel appeared, joined the captain with two large, thick bronze disks in his arms, clearly struggling under the weight. Castiel took one of them and hooked the thick strap that ran through the middle over Benny's right wrist, holding the man's arm up for a moment. "This represents discipline." As soon as he released Benny's wrist, the man's arm dropped toward the ground as he realized just how heavy thick plates of bronze could be. Castiel grabbed his left arm and repeated the procedure with the other weight, his face impassive as he continued. "And this represents strength. You'll need both to reach the arrow."
"I'm fine," the omega growled, fingers digging into Balthazar's arm as the older man tried to get him to rise. "Gods, I hate this."
Anna snorted, flipping her dark red hair over her shoulder. "We've offered your pack a dozen omegas, Zachariah, and none of them have been willing to put up with your bullshit. Castiel was certainly not going to be the first."
“Gabriel, are you going into heat?” He kept his voice low enough that even his own brother couldn’t hear, and thankfully the other three omegas were absorbed with formation instructions and didn’t notice.
Dean snorted. "What don't I know about that kid?" He paused for a moment, staring out across the lake as he let the memories of his childhood wash over him. "Dad was gone a lot when we were little. This war has consumed him, ever since his dad died trying to make peace with the former leader of the Spellbound pack, Abaddon. Mom was trained as a warrior from the day she could first shift, and she always went with him on his campaigns. I was left to raise myself, Sammy, and little Adam alone, with just some nursemaids and servants to keep us company."
"Ok, cool." Gabe waved his brothers away, returning to his homework. "See you tomorrow after school?"
"Well, you do have to worry about your walk." Kevin poked his tiny claws into the back of Dean's neck, Cri-Kee chirping something encouraging. "Alphas don't walk all hunched over and meek or whatever you're doing right now. They don't bow to anyone, they don't submit to anyone, and they don't invite a challenge to their authority. Throw your shoulders back, puff out your chest, and walk with your legs further apart. They look a bit bowed, so that should be easy for you." Kevin leaned forward and glanced down, nodding in approval as Dean tried to follow his suggestions. "Good. And don't look down, ever. Like, don't make eye contact with any alphas here who actually outrank you, but don't shy away from their scrutiny, either."
him. He looked up from his private room, stretching out to touch senses he hadn't bothered with in a while, and he heard when his phone rang. Lucifer had been speaking with Crowley, the demon having been beaten into almost-submission, though the Devil know that the demon was not truly cowed.
"Just outta curiosity, who recommended Bobby to you?" Rufus took his partner's list but never dropped his eyes from the prince as he questioned the origin of this particular journey.
When Dean caught sight of him in the mirror and spun around, Cas said the first thing that came to mind. "Hello, Dean."
"Hello, Dean," he greeted, his voice clear and steady but somehow lighter than it had been before. Sam shifted at the greeting, shocked to see the angel coherent and happy to have him back. Dean couldn't do anything but stare as Cas glanced over toward his younger brother and offered him a greeting. "Sam."
Balthazar nodded at Alfie, the younger omega watching with an entranced expression on his face. He had heard tales of Asmodeus and Cain's other pups since he was a baby, all of them warnings from his mother, so hearing a first-hand account of a group of wolves who fought with those outcasts that he had learned to fear was exciting. "Yeah, they did. We were holding our own, barely, but even Cas was running out of steam. I don't know what prompted Dean to bring his band into the forbidden lands with nothing but the scent of blood to go on, but he really did save us that day."
The thoughts passed through Dean's mind in an instant, the sharp pinprick of claws in his neck reminding him that an alpha wouldn't feel the urge to submit to this powerful rival, though none of the ones in the field would meet his eyes. Dean just hoped his eye drops worked as described and were preventing his eyes from turning gold as the raven-haired alpha finally looked his way.
"Benny is bulkier," Gadreel pointed out. "And you are the biggest of us. It has to be you and Dean, brother, and you know it."
the alpha chuckled. He took a few steps closer to the younger wolf, his fur shifting to reveal a dark gray undercoat that added a strange charcoal feeling to his fur. It matched his scent, which evoked the image of a fire burned down to coals.
Steve shrugged. "Not really, no. And I've never really felt like that before. You know, where I wanted to . . . well, do what I want to do during my, uh, rut."
"Take the one that Cas, Balthy, and I have been using between hospital shifts," Gadreel offered. "You remember where it is?"
"Yes, Dean, I do find it pleasant." Castiel backed away from the omega, bowing his head slightly in approval. "I would like for you to join my harem."
"Do you?" Gabriel cursed the waver in his voice, struggling to push back his tears and gain some control of his emotions. "I'm not going to be upset if you say no, but it's what I was bred for. Omegas are raised to think about breeding and pups more than alphas, I think, and I did try to be the 'right' kind of omega."
"Dammit," Sam growled, carefully shifting Gabriel from his lap to the ground as he pushed himself to his feet. "Jo!"
"They're fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen. Victor, I know the rules, I promise, but I wouldn't do this if it wasn't important. They only live two miles from school, and a seven minute ride isn't the same as driving around town, partying, listening to loud music, and being distracted enough to kill someone."
The boy placed his bowl on the ground and wiped his eyes, adjusting the dark green cloth over his shoulder as children did when they were used to being scolded by their parents for neglecting their appearance. "I'm sorry, sir, I don't mean to cry," he murmured, bright hazel flicking up to meet Gabriel's warm gold. "I just . . . I miss my brother."
Chuck leaned forward, the faintest ring of red around his irises as he offered his own growl in return. "It is the way things have always been done, Michael! Don't pretend like you never wondered if things would have been better if your mother had lived."
The tall, dark-haired alpha, his turquoise eyes somehow conveying compassion and derision at the same time, glared at his younger brothers. The older and shorter of the pair, a blonde omega who talked back a great deal more than was considered proper for his subgender, glared at the alpha, resisting the urge to growl through his teeth. His younger brother, who actually matched the alpha in height and strength, watched the exchange silently, his azure eyes calculating and remarkably free of the omega-gold that swirled through his brother's whiskey-colored irises.
Dean smiled, bowing as much as he could with a dragon tucked into the back of his armor. He was grateful that he had thought of an alias and backstory already, having practiced the name on the ride over so that he could say it convincingly. He wasn't sure if anyone from the Imperial City would recognize his real name, but his father had sent out announcements to a hundred noble and high ranked families when he presented, so it was possible. "I'm Steve. It's, uh, nice to meet all of you."
"Not yet. I have a list of names that I like from your noble family trees, but I don't want to pick something before I see our pup. I think I'll just know."
Rowena stared at the beta for a moment, turning to her apprentice in shock as the green-eyes witch answered the question. "Twins."
"Pretty much," Charlie answered, leaning against her mentor's side. "It's supposed to make it easier for the pups in a pack to stick together, always having one strong omega scent to follow. I guess it was more useful when we lived in the forests, but the result is the same. When you have pups—I mean, if you want to have them of course; I would never assume—they'll be able to learn your scent much faster and find it much more easily than another omega's pups."
Cas reached for a rolled set of scrolls and placed them on a low table nearby, glaring at April. "I read your reports while I was gone. Some of this has the tone of my brother's words. What are you playing at?"
"For most of the rooms, we can have it done in a week, if there is already a bathroom next door. We'll just make a new door and close off the one that's there. The two at the end, the rooms that rarely get used, we're only doing half-baths there so we can leave one in the hall. Cas and Gabe, there will be very little disruption for you, but Anna and Alfie's rooms will take longer so we'll just have them use different ones until we're finished. After that, those rooms will pretty much be yours permanently, for as long as you're members of the Pack and want to visit us. Mary and I wanted to make sure that this place felt like home for you."
Dean nodded, pulling Cas onto the blanket beside him as he leaned back against the largest picnic basket. "It was almost blinding, all that sand, but I felt almost a pull. I felt like . . ."
was what a pack was supposed to be. He turned his head slightly to catch Gabe's bright eyes across the table, truly
Cas shrugged, clearly dismissing the conversation. "Come on, Claire took some of the girls to the river to catch some fish for supper. You must be as tired of rations as the rest of us, so I wanted to make sure you got some."
"Arranged marriages or not, Gad, Gabe, and Alfie deserve to have compatible mates who will treat them as kindly as Cas, Anna, and I do," Balthazar added. "You want the same thing for your brother, and we can respect that."
"Holy shit it speaks!" Dean jumped back and stared at the tiny creature, his eyes wide as he tried to decide how to respond.
"Dean, you can't just pick up stray omegas and choose to bring them into the Pack! You said last year that you didn't have time for any trainees."
"They did. Sam found Gabe as soon as your mother led us in here, and I think they're already outside. Balthy, though he would deny it, went looking for Crowley to prove to his new friend that he
The twelfth time it was all him again. He and Dean were closer after the whole Amara thing, but he had still needed to find a way to be useful. Teaming up with Crowley to hunt hadn't been his first plan, but he found himself sitting at a bar with the demon when he found news on Lucifer that the boys needed to hear. Pulling out his phone, he dialed the first name in his contacts list, almost-smiling as the hunter answered almost immediately.
Linda had warned the Celestial about her sons, about how they always insisted on ignoring the biological demands of their subgender until it became unbearable. His own twin hated the loss of control that heat brought on, so Balthazar was not unused to forcing an omega to take care of himself. He opened his mouth to send Alfie away as the brunette actually did moan, but Mshindi returned at that moment and caught his attention.
Gabriel was one of the most celebrated generals in the history of Rome. He had subdued the rowdy German tribes along the northern border, pushed back barbarians attempting to block the trade route to the Norse lands, crushed the three largest Gaelic tribes to bring the rest under his father's rule, and "negotiated" a treaty with Britannia at the point of a sword. He was known as the Messenger of Rome, carrying his father's law to the farthest reaches of the land and bringing back wealth without measure from the kingdoms that were too much trouble to conquer at the time. He had even taken a band of soldiers across the Silk Road to meet with the leaders of some of the Mongoloid tribes who were threatening the integrity of their trade routes. His soldiers would follow him to death without question, and the new recruits lucky enough to be assigned to his band worshipped him as a god.
Cas turned toward the bed, smiling gently at his boyfriend. "And that alpha thing makes you not want to let me out of your sight?"
"Never," Cas replied, grabbing Gad's wrist in one hand and reaching out for Gabe with the other. The blonde smiled and took his brother's hand, joining him on the bed at last. He leaned against Gadreel's shoulder and reached up to run his fingers through Cas's hair. "I made sure that they always had food, even when Michael refused to give us enough."
Benny led the huge group into the kitchen, having accepted the role of "responsible adult" while the Winchester parents were at their ball game. He headed for the pantry and grabbed a couple loaves of bread while Gadreel pulled sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mustard, and mayonnaise out of the fridge and lined them up on the counter. He also plopped a pack of bacon by the stove as Dean dug around for the griddle and Ruby reached past him for the eggs. "Grab me a frying pan, Winchester."
Four wolves met him on the forest side of the lake, the calico-colored omega female in the lead carrying a bulky medical bag which she slipped out of as soon as she reached the brown alpha. Sam shifted back into human form and took Gabe from Benny, worried hazel eyes meeting calm, professional purple. The slender, dark-skinned omega exuded a calming jasmine-lavender scent, her entire demeanor encouraging tranquility. “What happened?”
"I don't have a twin, but Sam and I spent every waking moment together until my first rut. I went off with Dad, but Sam had to stay home until he presented. I went home as often as I could and we spent every winter in town, but other than that I barely saw him. As soon as he was old enough to leave home, the two of us were finally able to form our own small pack and have been inseparable for the last six years."
Sam chuckled and leaned down, giving Gabe a proper kiss before gently pushing him toward his brothers. "Go on, get out of here. I need to go relieve Benny on the north watchtower before dawn so the poor man can get some sleep." He glanced over at Gadreel, who had already started stripping out of his clothes and folding them neatly so Cas could tuck them into the supply bag. "Uh, Gad, do you need me to take any messages to him?"
"I have no idea. There is an entire coven back home of older, more experienced, and generally more powerful witches who could be speaker, but none of us have any control over who is chosen. When you see the prophet, when you touch him or her for the first time, you will have your answers in that bond. And, when that happens, I will lose the last of the connection I have to mine."
The Devil chuckled and grinned at the younger archangel, closing his eyes briefly and lowering his head in an approximation of a bow. “In that case, let’s go find Michael.”
Gabriel had dragged his youngest brother over to the snack table and was showing him some of the tiny sandwiches he had made and the cheese tray that he had helped arrange. Alfie grinned and tasted the snacks, agreeing that they were very good, though he was waiting for cake like everyone else. A few of the Pack teens were taking the chance to get acquainted with the young pups, knowing that they would be accepted as members when they reached High School, and Benny let Michael and Lucifer know that they were welcome to join up at KU since the middle three Novaks were members already.
Gabe shrugged. "I never said he was good at it. I tried to teach him what I could, but he is not the smoothest. How did he finally manage to catch himself a hunter?"
Dean watched as the beta woman deflated somewhat, rolling out her ball of dough to prepare it for the oven. "Most of it, yes. And I tanned his hide good, you can be sure of that. He'll never drop a bag again."
Balthazar was taller than the Head Alpha, and large for an omega in both forms, but Crowley knew exactly what to say to make his partner feel
"No, but going into starvation mode will. What happens to a pregnant omega when his body goes into starvation mode?"
He could tell that the omega had pulled away from the door, probably looking up from his seat on the floor at the handle above his head. Wondering if Dean could break through, perhaps? "I didn't mean to upset you, Dean."
"I don't know," Balthazar answered honestly. "We need to talk to Crowley or Rowena about it; they know a lot more than I do. My brothers and I are part of the prophecy, but I don't think you are. I guess you're just the two messengers meant to be born this generation."
“He’s so beautiful,” Castiel murmured, his brows furrowing sadly. “My . . . friend is allergic to cats so I do not think I can have one. I do not want him to become sick.”
Benny approached the prone omega, crooning tenderly as he rested a hand on Gabriel’s cheek, gentle support in his pale blue eyes. Gabriel whined softly, slowly calming as the beta rubbed his cheek. Despite his size and battle prowess, the beta had a soothing scent and presence, and even this omega who had known him less that two days slowly relaxed. He reached up and grabbed Benny’s shoulder, golden eyes pale. “I’m cold,” he whispered.
Humans couldn’t hear wolves in form, not unless they were very close like brothers or mates. Whatever the black male said in reply, only his own pack could hear, but Gadreel turned in shock and tilted his head. “Brother, we don’t have a choice.” The black snapped again, offering the start of a growl before Balthazar leaned into him. “They helped us. If we stay here, Michael will find us and Gabriel will be lost. And I will be, as well. You know I cannot leave him. Just as you could not leave Balthazar when the Spellbounds attacked.”
The gathered soldiers snickered at that, even though a few of the more injured ones nodded in agreement. Certainly they hadn't started the day with the intention of getting into a brawl, so some of what had happened could be explained away by alpha tempers. None of them were quite sure what had triggered them, however, and were perfectly willing to let Dean be their scapegoat and keep the captain's fury from landing on them.
Dean smiled, reaching up to hold Cas's shoulders, trying to gain control of his breathing. He had thought about this moment for years, ever since he first spoke with the prince, and his furious purr was indication that patience wasn't his strong suit. "I was taught a lot of things, Cas, that I'm supposed to do for you. I want to do this right."
"Yeah, he wants to try to run this pack more like Celestial and Wilderness lands where alpha pups of the Head Alpha will inherit the throne. I can't wait to give him that."
The raven-haired seraph flared his grace again and rushed toward Michael, slashing at his oldest brother and forcing him back a step. He hoped that he could keep the archangel occupied long enough for the hunters to escape, banking on the fact that Michael probably hated him more than Dean or Sam. Michael reached out and grabbed Cas’s shoulder, shoving him to his knees and forcing him to bury his grace or risk being burned out. “I’m going to rip you to shreds,” Michael growled, sending a shock of grace through the younger angel and grinning as he screamed.
that he was as good as any alpha. "I wanted to be seen," he whispered. "Omegas are meant to blend into the background, invisible and silent, and I couldn't leave here and go back to that. I wanted to come out of the shadows."
The seventh time was very soon after that, the night after his terrible secret was revealed. His deal with Crowley was breaking down, but Cas was still determined to destroy Raphael and save the boys from becoming pawns in a second apocalypse. Bobby had angel-proofed the house, but not well, and the seraph had been able to slip in through a crack. He appeared beside the old couch Dean had fallen asleep on, watching as the hunter wiped his eyes and sat up.
"I like going to clubs, being around all that music and excitement," Ruby offered. "It'll be more fun when I'm old enough to drink."
It only took a moment for the slender, powerful redhead to take a step forward, purple eyes sparkling with power and amusement. "My, my; they sure do grow them big here. What's your name, green-eyes?"
For a few days, the brothers were gone on a hunt in Oklahoma, leaving Castiel alone in the bunker. He pulled out his cat breeds book and slipped a flyer free, staring at the picture of a spotted cat on the front, framed by a snake, a spiny lizard, two colorful birds, and something labeled a
Cas looked down at his suit and trench coat, pretty much the only thing he had ever worn on Earth excluding the brief time he spent as a human.  “What is wrong with my outfit?”
All three of them returned less than an hour later, bundling up in the blankets they were offered and enjoying the heat of the fire. Crowley reached out and ran his fingers through Balthazar's spiked, damp hair, smiling as the blonde strands refused to be tamed. "How was your swim?"
Mary headed into a section on consent and legality, pointing out that it was illegal to have sexual contact with an unpresented child or to partner with an alpha or omega during their first rut or heat. She also recommended that her students not have their first sexual experience during their cycle; they would want to be clear-headed and in control, two things that they generally wouldn't be during a heat or rut. "There's a common misconception among unpresented pups that they will completely lose control during their first rut or heat. It isn't true, but you may feel like that when it hits. There are many small indicators that your first heat or rut is coming, including an increase in your sense of smell, a strengthening of your own personal scent, an urge to fight or nest depending on your subgender, decreased appetite, and an increase in temperature, but most people miss those small signs. The day an alpha goes into rut, the moment of that first rush of hormones, they will suddenly feel threatened by other alphas and intense jealousy if they have a partner. They'll want nothing more than to mark their territory, push away any other dominant betas and alphas.
"I'm sorry," Dean whispered, watching Kevin duck behind his arm as two other soldiers walked by. Cas had gotten distracted by Bartholomew at the food table, watching as the other alpha pulled a couple of fish off of the fire for the milling soldiers looking for seconds. "I got caught up in my role a bit there. If I was an alpha, I think I would really like to stay in the army."
Charlie placed the food on the table, grabbing Cas's chin and tilting his head down so their eyes could meet. "When was the last time you ate?"
Bartholomew, the tall alpha who had thrown the first punch the day before, sauntered over to Steve, throwing his shoulders back in a clear challenge. Steve looked away, not a touch of red in his eyes or anger in his scent, his entire stance asking not to fight. He wasn't submitting, exactly, but it was unusual for an alpha to avoid conflict in that manner. Benny leaned forward, intrigued by this young alpha who had single-handedly destroyed half of the camp the day before, but it was clear that Bartholomew was irritated that his advance was being ignored. He growled and grabbed Steve's short brown hair, eyes flashing alpha red as he demanded a fight.
A commotion near the door caught Dean's attention, and he almost dropped his drink in shock. Castiel slowly walked out the back door, his voluminous skirts in one hand as the other held onto the door frame for balance. His scent swelled to fill the yard, all conversations stuttering to a halt as they took in his lovely pink dress, the silver sparkling in his raven hair, and the matching tiara sitting on his head. He looked every bit the happy birthday boy.
Dean couldn't help his instinctive reaction to that suggestive tone, his scent darkening as he pulled the omega closer. "
Dean looked up as Charlie sauntered into the small dining room, waving an invitation for her to join them as they finished their food. Charlie took the seat next to Jo and across from Dean and Sam, grinning as she handed the head alpha his shirt back. "Thanks for that. Going to tell me what you needed it for?" He tossed the shirt over the back of his chair, having already procured another one from his room.
Charlie turned around to face her mentor, hands clenched together in front of her chest. "You never saw this?"
Sam raised one eyebrow. “What do you mean, a normal angel blade can’t kill you? When you went up against your brother, you seemed pretty determined that your life was in danger.”
Sam grinned and brandished his angel blade, stepping into the center of the circle of hunters and archangels. “Well, then, let’s get this party on the road. Gabriel, Lucifer; if you don’t mind?”
"Speaking of your illustrious lieutenant, where is she this morning?" Maggie glanced around, clearly counting heads as she realized who had been missing the whole time.
Balthazar joined Kevin and Alfie on the bed, all three of them facing Mshindi who had claimed the one chair in the room and was waiting patiently for the final omega to join them. The blonde glanced over at his companions, all of them clearly waiting for someone else to start, but their Nomad companion ended the argument with a simple chuckle. "Since none of you can decide who will speak, I will ask the question myself. How can you walk freely during your heats?"
The shop where Dean had prepared for his meeting with the Matchmaker was on the other side of town, but thankfully the Lord's house and town meeting hall were much closer. The two reached it in a matter of minutes, joining the crowd gathered loosely around a tall, aristocratic snow-white gelding carrying a diminutive, graying, slightly overweight Imperial functionary. Dean grinned at the way the horse pranced, ignoring his rider's demands to still and stand quietly while the old man spoke with Lord Daniel.
Crowley moved to stand behind the omega, wrapping his arms around the slender man's waist. "He won't take you, love. He wouldn't risk the might of my armies and my half-witches, and he certainly knows that the Coven
"Of course I do! The color brings out your eyes and with that crown you look like one of those fairytale omega princes, like Sleeping Beauty."
Gabriel twitched his left leg, groaning at the pain that lanced through his body. “I can handle a few stitches, big boy. As long as you don’t leave any ugly scars.”
Castiel had an odd fishing method that he wanted the recruits to learn, one that must be more popular near the Imperial City than in Dean's landlocked village. He would stand in the river behind camp and wait for a fish to swim near, then throw his hand into the water and grab one by its tail. It looked ridiculous, but the alpha was fast, and none of the soldiers could manage the feat. Even Claire, who had seen most of her father's training methods before, was stumped. The captain also had an exercise where the recruits would cross the river by jumping from one tall post to the other, something that Charlie, who so far hadn't joined in the alphas harassing Dean, was actively terrible at. She had managed to make most of the recruits fall in the water by the middle of the second week, losing her balance or her nerve usually halfway across. Dean learned from Claire that the beta's parents had died in some fishing accident, but Castiel was never going to care that the girl was afraid of water. He tried to encourage her once, but Benny and Balthazar chased Dean away from their friend and he didn't feel like fighting with them.
filled the room, and Crowley chuckled slightly as he ran his fingers through his boyfriend's shining fur. Turning around for a moment to disrobe, the alpha also shifted forms, taking a seat beside Balthazar as the smaller wolf folded his wings against his body without tucking them away. Crowley turned his head and nuzzled the omega gently, a smile in his mental voice.
Sam returned to the room as Dean emerged from the bathroom, the former nodding in approval of the angel’s outfit while the latter froze for a moment, a slow smile spreading across his face.  “You look good, Cas.”  Cas ducked his head, an almost human reaction to the compliment, and Dean reached out to mess up his hair.  “There you go, all relaxed.  Ready to go?”
The younger omega finally broke down at that, crying into his brother's shoulder as Gabriel cuddled against his back. Charlie smiled, knowing that the tears would help Cas heal, gently extracting Dean's shirt from his tight grasp. "Let him cry until he feels better, then let him stay in here until supper. Make sure he eats before he cuddles up with the rest of the omegas tonight. He's not going to want breakfast, but you have to help him fight through that, then make him spend the whole day with Damian or Jordan. The more he is exposed to omega scent, the easier it will be for him to fight his body's expectation of starvation. I'll come back on the last day around lunch time and check on his progress, okay?"
Mshindi and Balthazar joined the brothers and stared at the floor, no one willing to meet the fury in the beta's dark eyes. As expected, Linda broke the tense silence. "What do you think you are doing? Sneaking out in the middle of the night while two of you are in heat?"
"Besides," Balthazar continued, "I get tired of the conversation with these guys. We're not all Imperials, but we are all from the capital, and I can't say our lives have been very eventful. I figure you must have some interesting stories from your town."
The petite woman beside him, a pale omega with wavy, dark chestnut hair and light blue eyes, shrugged, checking the weapons on her belt as she kicked at the snow underfoot. "Yeah, I can get through that. It'll be better when I get to the southern slopes and into Wilderness lands since there should be less leftover snow in the lowlands. Do you want me to leave today?"
"Of course I will." Dean kissed Cas's forehead gently before pulling the omega to his feet and gesturing for him to undress. "Take your clothes off so we can get some sleep." Cas raised one eyebrow before pulling his shirt off. "Just sleep," Dean assured him, removing his own shirt and tossing it on a nearby chair. Cas's omega instincts bristled at the untidiness, but his eyes settled on the four jagged scars across Dean's upper left bicep and those thoughts vanished.
"You cheated! You took Dean and Akobel in the same year, even though half the Council voted against it. The only reason it was allowed was because Akobel had joined as an Aux earlier that year and we were very impressed with how he mentored and protected omegas in his own grade without being a full member, let alone a mentor."
"I won't reveal your secret," Dean promised. "If I wasn't lucky enough to have a father in favor with Caesar, your story could easily be mine. Maybe, one day, you can travel to Britannia; Meg says that male omegas have more rights there, more freedoms."
Cas gritted his teeth and turned his head to hide his reaction, struggling to keep his alpha under control. He wanted to destroy whoever had killed his family, whoever had destroyed the entire Chinese Army, but Dick Roman was nowhere to be found. Somehow the Huns had managed to overwhelm the main army, so his trainees might be all that stood between the remaining Huns and the Emperor. He had to maintain control. "Hester, Uriel, and Raphael? All of them?"
Dean rarely used his Alpha Voice, preferring not to command others unless he truly had to, but he needed to know why his entire pack had run into the woods with seemingly no provocation. Sam didn't react to the Voice at all, just wrapping Gabriel tightly in his arms and nuzzling his head, but Jo and Benny flinched back a bit, the two Celestial omegas moving closer to the alphas they were bonding with for the protection that their instincts demanded they find. Tasha stood taller, having dealt with alphas for too long to be phased, but the taller of the two new redheads moved behind her, Elvis and Bucky moving closer to Tasha and trying their best not to look at the tall Winchester alpha. The smaller redheaded witch just stared up at Dean, a slow smile spreading across her face.
Gabriel nodded, leaning back against his pillow. He could make Sam understand simple things, but that story was way beyond nonverbal communication. Gabriel's eyes glazed over as he thought back to his time in his brother's palace, the times Michael had deprived them of food, the times when Michael had thrown them out into the wilderness for days at a time to punish them for not acting like "proper omegas", and the time when Michael had taken all of their wolf fur undergarments and ordered the spinners not to help them make any more. Their brother had thought he could shame the four of them into submission or prevent them from shifting, but they had simply made a pact not to ever be embarrassed to be seen naked after shifting out of wolf form. Eventually, it had worked.
The raven-haired omega carefully extricated himself from the pile, heading for the carafe of water on the table and pouring himself a cup. His stomach rumbled in protest at the lukewarm liquid, clenching quickly to demand more suitable nourishment. He chuckled and rubbed his belly, finally properly hungry for the first time in four days.
Damian shrugged, shifting uncomfortably on his cushion. "You'll be mated before your next heat, and everything will be easier then. You'll desire your mate, and you'll call out to him, but you won't be attracted to any other alphas or betas." He watched Cas sip his tea one more time before abandoning the cup on their small table, his own breakfast still untouched. "You aren't eating anything?"
Clearly, Crowley did remember, Rowena waving Cas over to her side. The grateful omega touched his fingers beside hers on the glowing tattoo, closing his eyes as he listened for his brother's voice.
“I never wanted this,” Gabriel replied softly, and Sam suddenly felt like he was intruding on something that should be private. “Luci, I hated it when you and Michael fought. I hated it when Dad yelled at you and you refused to go along with his plan. I was happy when we were younger, when we were a family, before Dad made all of the lesser angels and long before humanity was a sparkle in His eye.” His voice softened, and there were tears in his eyes as he tried to reach his brother. “I want our family back; I want to go home.”
Patience rarely spoke up in council meetings. As the granddaughter of a powerful psychic who lived as a rogue and the daughter of a Celestial mother who had long ago abandoned her, she often struggled with her gift, brown eyes seeing past people even as she tried to hold normal conversations. Her closest friends, the three youngsters nearest her age, never minded the dark-skinned girl's distant looks, but most of the other pack females and all of the males avoided her like the plague.
"This part is not for us, Asa," Tasha announced, rising to her feet and holding a hand out to her mate. Asa, his mother, his children, and his pack mates followed her out of the room, leaving Rowena and Charlie alone with Dean's extended pack.
Cas shook his head as the blue bird on his shoulder reached up and started chewing on his stubble. "I love them all. I wouldn't give any of them back. I got three because I thought that we could all use someone to look after. A little creature to come home to."
The soldiers let their training take over as they obeyed the command, Dean jumping from the cart and pulling Khan forward toward whatever safety the nearby low ridge to the south could offer. The other soldiers were not much faster, hampered by the deeper snow of the pass, but thankfully none of the arrows found targets. A seasoned warhorse, Khan was frantic to be rid of the cart and free to fight, jerking his head as he rushed forward and tried to reach the rest of the soldiers. The Hun archers, apparently positioned on the upper flanks of the mountains they had just passed, switched to fire arrows for the next volley, most of them fizzling out in the snow but a handful hit their mark.
"Yeah, alright. But next time we get to prepare the meal; I need more than rabbit food after a long day not catching anything."
"I don't believe in slavery, Dean," Cas whispered, reaching out to run gentle fingers over the omega's freckles. "As future Caesar, I have to accept it, but I do what I can to ease the injustice of it. I can't do that for you, but I promise that you will always be safe, and happy, and loved for as long as you live in my court."
Jordan nodded slowly and reached up to take the older omega's hand, following him meekly into the bedroom. The two female omegas, Ally and Raina, grinned at each other before curling back up with the last omega, an older male named Damian. He was the only one of them with a mate, but his alpha had spent the winter in the main city on an important trading mission, so he had asked to share his heat with Max and Jordan.
Sam nodded and walked around the picnic table, sitting a foot away from Gabriel and smiling at the older omega. "Hi, I'm Sam." He held out his hand, watching as Gabe leaned down and took a quick sniff, eyes widening as he returned for a second one.
The smaller omega curled up against his side, resting his head on Sam's chest as the alpha's arm wrapped around him. "I'm honestly revisiting the suicide watch conversation in my mind. I know that Cas has already thought that everything would be better if we returned to our own lands and let Michael kill us."
Mary grinned at Sam's shocked reaction, heading toward the omega wing to gather up the stragglers. "Sam, grab Ash, Kevin, and Ruby from the alpha wing, would you?" She heard an affirmative response as she reached the first closed door in the omega wing, the one that had been assigned to Anna Novak.
Dean hummed softly, reaching up with his free hand to run his fingers gently through Cas's hair, offering a slight tug on the raven strands that he knew would coax a purr from the young omega. "I think I am the lucky one that your dad's job moved your family here. I've never had a serious, long-term type of relationship before, but everything about you just . . . fits."
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, I can't wait to see, either." They started to walk away from the lockers, Dean's arm comfortably around Cas's shoulders. "What are you doing after school today?"
"You want some time to clear your head, gain control of your sudden addiction to me and that omega space you seem to love so much?"
"No, we don't," Dean replied, his voice wavering uncertainly. "We could just close our eyes and swim around."
way they liked to greet each other. Kevin's new trainee, Max, plopped onto the bench next to Balthazar, his twin sister squeezing into what little room was left on the end of the wooden beam.
, and Cas was all too happy to say yes. He raised his hand to Dean's cheek, pulling him in for a repeat of the first kiss, trying to keep it gentle and pour all of his pent-up love into that simple action. He had told Dean, once, that he loved him, but the hunter hadn't believed it at the time. Now, clearly, he did.
Michael and Lucifer exchanged a charged look, clearly communicating something in that silent moment. "It's an interesting theory," the older alpha finally managed. "How does it work in practice? Are the omegas who joined years ago still happy members?"
Dean sighed and shifted the edges of the cape as he looked up, thinking back to his motivations for leaving his home all those weeks ago. "Maybe I didn't go for my brother. Maybe what I really wanted was to prove I could do things right, so when I looked in the mirror," he picked up a discarded Hun helmet and stared into the reflection, "I'd see someone worthwhile." He stared into his own eyes for a moment and looked away at the first hint of a tear, his voice shaky. "But I was wrong. I see nothing." He tossed the helmet away, fighting back his tears as he pulled the cloak tight again.
“Dammit, I smelled this. I knew something was off with Gabe’s scent all day, but I would never have suspected poison.”
Dean nodded. "Right. Well, what we didn't tell anyone is that, on the way back, we made a detour to a secluded clearing in the mountains where a bunch of young alphas were holding a tournament. Jo really wanted to enter, but as an unmated omega I would have been in danger there. So she talked to her merchant friends and they gave her some ointments, tea, and oils that I could use to hide my subgender. I, uh, posed as an alpha and won the tournament."
Crowley stood from his desk as Linda entered with her guest, Mshindi wearing the same bright red clothing and intricate beaded jewelry from the day before. He carried a simple canvas bag over one shoulder and a carved mahogany box in the other. The omega offered an alpha's bow to Crowley, common for a visitor to a strange pack to use as a sign of respect toward the alpha. Crowley reached out his arms, palms down, and Mshindi stood close enough to the desk for the shorter alpha to scent-mark his wrists. "Mshindi of the Plains Walkers, I officially welcome you to Spellbound lands and offer my protection for as long as you are among us."
"You would have no rights to them. You were there when I had to send Kate away; I was fond of her, and I thought she was good for you, but her presence caused your mother distress and I felt it through our bond. Adam stayed with us, and Kate went to the Imperial City. Do you want to live your life under the threat of being sent away if your alpha's mate grows tired of you? Do you want to risk never seeing your pups again?"
"Damn right I am," Sam breathed, blowing across the still-wet bite marks on the archangels' inner thigh. "You're at my mercy,
The Celestial chuckled as Alfie's voice sounded through the suite again, the notes shriller and more desperate than they had been the first day. "I can't help but pity the beta who lands that boy; he'll go deaf the first heat they spend together."
Sam chuckled and packed up the lunch supplies, always the neatest of the three Winchester brothers. "High praise from our demon king."
Sam shrugged. "I think it's his alpha brothers. He's been feeling disconnected since Michael and Lucifer started planning their move, especially since Balthazar is spending so much time with Crowley. He said being out here, away from the emptiness in his home, has been helping. I'm not sure what else I can do for him."
"Yes. Her wolf convinced itself that it was bonded to Asa's alpha, and when she returned she didn't complete the mating. Three days later, it almost drove her insane."
"It'll be at least a day before they're usable again," Max added, helping the sleepy youngest omega into a sitting position before rising to his feet and stretching. "Alicia may not return for two or three nights, but she generally finds a male beta in town to spend the time with."
Gabriel pouted until Sam relented and tucked the blonde against his side, kissing his forehead. Cas and Gad exchanged an amused glance before reaching out to clean up the meal, but Dean kept staring at his brother with wide, excited green eyes. "Samoose?"
"Sure, ever since that rice incident. I didn't see it, but I've been hearing about it for weeks. Alphas hold grudges, and they have been waiting for a chance to fight that out with you. You won, so they'll accept you now. Welcome to the army."
Balthazar buried his face in Crowley's neck to avoid bursting into laughter at his sister's actions. She hated when anyone referred to her as a child or used her primary or secondary genders to discriminate against her in any way. Ash had his hands full with the girl. A few minutes later, when Anna said she was ready, the four of them queued up for another multiplayer game.
Cas tilted his head to one side. "It was enjoyable, but I have no basis for comparison. I was an angel for billions of years, and not a hedonistic one like Balthazar and Gabriel." He smiled at the hunter, his eyes sparkling with amusement. "But, you know, I've only ever tried sex with a woman. Maybe I need to try a man and see the difference."
"Which is unusual enough for you," Mary observed. "I've never seen you spend time with any alpha or beta while visiting my house."
Sam sniffed the air, eyeing his leader as he leaned against the wall beside him. "What were you doing for so many days? You smell . . . different."
Dark jade eyes met shocked blue, the boy's scent controlled but still clearly omega. He hadn't bothered to use all of those oils and herbs he must have brought with him to the Crystal Lake Camp so many weeks ago in order to hide as an alpha, and Cas was distracted by that gentle scent for longer than he was willing to admit. "The Huns are alive! They're in the city!"
Malachi grinned. "Yeah, she did. It was pretty awesome." He glanced over his shoulder as a servant stuck her head into the room, the girl nodding toward the main wing of the palace. "I have to go; Inias wants to officially ask for my permission to court Sophia."
Benjamin, who was a slender, dark-skinned man and the youngest full brother of Uriel and Raphael, stretched out in the middle of the circle, grinning as he waved his arms at Dean, beckoning him closer. He was shorter than most of his siblings, so when Dean stretched out beside him Benjamin took the smaller spoon position automatically, head tucked neatly under Dean's chin. He was clearly used to a large cuddle buddy, and his scent was pleasant enough that Dean started to relax almost immediately. Hannah stretched out beside Benjamin, facing him with Claire at her back, the young alpha grinning as Anna and Balthazar filled out that side of the circle. She liked sleeping next to Anna; the redhead wouldn't move all night, so she never woke her niece.
When Balthazar pulled away a minute later, his eyes were back to their normal light blue, the omega grinning broadly. "Wow, that was better than sex."
"I'm not interested in anyone on the staff. I mean, I think Benny would help me out if I asked him and truly had no other option, but I don't want the harem servants or the guards or even your half-brothers. Trust me, Hester recommended most of that my first day. She also said you'd never had omegas and that they weren't used to tracking heats, so I guess this issue has never really come up before."
"An incomplete mating bond," Dean whispered. "Just from omega space? I didn't think it was that dangerous."
"Cars are expensive," Chuck answered almost reflexively. "I'll see what I can do on that front, however. I have a friend at work who may be of assistance."
Cas nodded slowly, his azure eyes brightening in understanding. Dean watched them change color, wondering how many different shades of blue he could find in this omega's eyes. "So a Lure is the omega equivalent?"
"Ah, wonderful. If we run out of cinnamon again we might have a riot." Anna glanced over at Dean, taking a quick sniff of the boy's scent, and grinned. "I guess we could bottle the aroma that your new concubine is giving off. Smells just like it."
"Hey, look what we have here," the leader oozed, leaning against the locker next to Cas's and flashing his fangs at the omega, five of his companions coming to a stop with him. "It's the new boy, from Illinois."
Cas chuckled, the last of his tension finally fading. He knew Dean was right, but he was so eager to mate and have pups that he had been willing to neglect his own health to get there. His alpha would never let that happen. "I was thinking about names over the past couple of days, actually. I don't want our pups to have Celestial type names; they're all so long and complicated that most of us have a nickname. I want our pups to have more Wilderness-y names, ones that can't be shortened at all, like yours."
Gabe grinned and ducked his head. "I used to be more outgoing before we moved, and I must have flirted with half the presented alphas in my old school, some of them before I had my first heat. After that . . . well, the eyes combined with my more
"That is a primary aspect of your personality," Cas joked, wanting the hunter to know that he accepted his explanation. Dean smiled and nodded, taking Cas's hand and twining their fingers.
Dean, tucked against the wall just outside the door where he wouldn't be seen, watched his brother exhibit the moves, his motions smooth and sure. The omega felt a flutter of hope in his chest that his brother had learned enough from their father to thrive in the army camp, to push back the Huns and bring honor to the family in the only way an alpha could, but that fragile faith shattered an instant later as Sam misjudged his steps and faltered, dropping the sword to the floor. He reached down to pick it up, withering under John's harsh, red-tinged glare.
But Cas was different. Their bond was deeper, stronger, forged in battle and death, and he knew how very much the seraph needed him to be the strong one for once. All Cas wanted was to be held, and to know that he was loved, especially after the awful things that Michael had said to him. He leaned down and touched Cas’s forehead in a gentle kiss, hoping that the gesture would be some kind of comfort to the angel. “I love you,” he breathed, not sure where those words had come from but knowing that they needed to be said. He could count on one hand the number of times he had said that phrase in his life, and he had always thought it would be harder to ever tell Cas how he felt. After what they had just gone through with Michael, though, it just seemed
Gabriel cackled like a hyperactive child, waving his hand and causing confetti to fall from the ceiling. "I win! I win, I win!"
"No, of course not. We will roll all of the cages into one room, stock them up with a few weeks' worth of food and water, and leave the television on so they have something to watch. They each have two food bowls that will hold up to a month of food, and their water bottles will last almost two weeks. I intend to go get three more bottles so that they will not have any issues while we are gone. I have planned for this, as well."
Kevin paused in his folding, tilting his head curiously. "I don't understand, Dean. I promised you that I was going to get you into battle, save your honor, and get you home. If you were so relieved when Castiel tried to boot you out, why did you fight so hard to stay?"
He reached Gabriel's guest room and knocked politely on the door, frowning at the lack of response as he tried again. He opened the door and softly called Gabe's name, grinning as the omega growled something unpleasant back and burrowed deeper into his makeshift nest. "Gabe, it's time for breakfast. Dad's making bacon, eggs, and pancakes."
The tallest alpha stepped forward, sniffing the air before raising a hand toward Gabriel's face. The omega growled, but he refused to step away or back down, having already learned that showing weakness to the alphas at this school never prevented their harassment. "Look at those eyes, Narfi. Isn't he a pretty little thing?"
The four men reached the bottom of the stairs, Gabriel moving to Sam's side as the hunter's arm slipped around his shoulders. "Yeah, Dean, we are. What about you?"
The trio headed toward the great landing overlooking the gathered crowd, moving to stand with the other Imperials as they waited for the General and his mate to emerge. As a full son of the Emperor, Castiel stood with his siblings, thirteen-year-old Michael the heir, twelve-year-old Lucifer, seven-year-old Balthazar, and four-year-old Anna. The girl grabbed Cas's hand as they waited, as always uncomfortable at big events. They had a baby brother, too, but Gadreel was only a toddler and stayed with his nannies in the palace.
Less than two hours later, Benny felt Gabriel’s arms fall away from his shoulders, the omega whining softly. “Benny, I can’t . . . my head hurts and I can’t . . . it’s so dark. I’m so tired.”
Gabriel watched his brothers fly in tight circles overhead, whining softly as he concentrated on resting his wings. Barely an hour into flight practice, he had pulled a muscle in his left wing, crashing to the ground in an undignified heap of golden fur. Sam had been frantic, checking him for injuries, but thankfully his landing had been soft. However, the cramp in his wing still hadn't faded, twinges shooting up through his shoulders every now and then.
"Cas is dying," Dean whispered, aware of his brother kneeling in front of him as he kept his essence firmly anchored inside the angel's mind. Reaching out, he wrapped whatever passed for his hands around the flickering flame, wincing as each
"It was my broken car that put you in that position. I said a few months ago that I would get Balthazar a car to help with the load at home, and I should have put more effort into that."
"All three male subgenders have the same external features, other than the knot on alphas and the slightly narrower waist and wider hips on omegas. Male alphas and betas both produce sperm and generally can for their entire lives after presentation, making them capable of impregnating a female or omega. For an alpha, that's his first rut, and for a beta it happens sometime during early adolescence, a period that we refer to as puberty. The same basic physical changes happen to all males, including the maturation of the sexual and reproductive systems, emotional changes due to increased hormones, and the development of sexual and romantic feelings. I can guess that many of you have gone through most of these changes." A chorus of affirmative murmurs answered her, and the omega smiled.
He froze in shock at the tow-headed man sitting in front of his computer, his hair curling just at his shoulders and his golden eyes scanning the screen. He saw something that disagreed with him, and he wrinkled his nose before snorting and looking away. "There's no way I would say something like that."
"Not in the slightest," Balthazar replied, glancing at the clawed gloves Kevin had produced from his dresser.
The leader’s black fur shone blue in the light, his bright blue eyes flicking to Dean as he tried to determine how much of a threat these four large wolves posed. His companion’s golden fur shone brilliantly in the sunlight, his golden eyes opening once to observe the newcomers before closing against the pain from his wounds. The iridescent blue male with golden eyes laid down beside his injured friend, whining as the slender iridescent white male joined them. The white’s fur alternated between blue and gold as the angle of the light changed, though he had the same bright blue eyes as the larger black male.
Edgar and Gaines carried the Emperor through another set of doors and up a flight of stairs to the room where Dick would be waiting for them, having memorized the floorplan months ago in preparation for this attack. Valente and Chet, who had opened the doors, headed back into the palace proper to guard against intrusion by any of the leftover Chinese army. Edgar and Gaines took the Emperor to a balcony that overlooked the courtyard below, standing behind him as the gathered people murmured from the ground and watched anxiously. Dick Roman swung down from the roof overhead, grinning maliciously at the Emperor as he offered a greeting of "Boo." He stepped onto the wide balcony and crouched in front of Emperor Chuck, their eyes level for the moment before he turned to Edgar. "Guard the door," he ordered, waiting for both of his men to run back down the stairs before stepping off the balcony and standing in front of his enemy. He had hated the Emperor of China for twenty long years and now at last he could destroy this man.
He scribbled in his notebook while the teacher droned on in the front of the class. His mind was wandering, but it continued to return to the thought of the Pack's newest Auxiliary member, that tall, blonde beta with icy blue eyes. What was it about Balthazar that had caught his attention? Crowley generally hated alphas and any kind of dominance behavior, so any overbearing betas tended to piss him off. The lean beta hadn't exhibited any overtly dominant behaviors, but something about him had made the omega want to
The Matchmaker sneered at the disgraced omega, glancing at the other gathered boys, none of whom had dared to move a muscle during the confrontation, before turning back to his hut and vanishing inside. He would clean up and fix his makeup before continuing with the omega tests, but Dean would never again be allowed to present himself as a potential mate.
Alfie grinned and followed Adam out of the room, Mary leading both of them to the car as she passed a baseball cap to the young omega. John hung back, waving at Dean across the room and summoning his oldest son to his side.
Dean raised one eyebrow and shook his head. "No, Cas, I'm not going to let you guys do that. If it's a thirty minute walk, it can't be more than a six, seven minute drive. Right?"
"John Winchester? I know that name." The concubine who spoke, a small woman with dark brown hair and eyes, reached out and just barely brushed Dean's bare arm with her fingertips, catching a hint of his scent and leaving some of hers behind. She seemed nice enough, though her speaking pattern was strange, and her scent wasn't muddy like April's. "Your father fought in the Gallic Wars. I thought you joined the army."
since he had been intimate with anyone, and here was this hyperactive bundle of sexual energy just begging to be fucked. How could Sam have hoped to resist? He could hear every teasing word, every flirtatious phrase that the archangel had offered him over the past few years during their secret friendship, and he found himself incredibly curious if the blonde was as good as he implied. Gabriel shifted his legs slightly, grinding his erection against Sam's thigh, and the hunter pulled back.
Chuck sighed and walked around the table, running his fingers over the wood grain. "It's hard to explain, to be honest. I wasn't going to return. I planned to write an autobiography and just fade away, but Metatron convinced me that I am still needed here."
The alpha sighed and dropped his head onto the table, letting the silence stretch between them. "You are kidding me."
“Oh, look, how cozy.” Dean and Cas shot to their feet, each of them holding a metal slat as they fell into a fighting stance. Michael chuckled and tilted his head slightly, that flare of insanity still shining from behind his blue eyes. “Dean, have you thought about what I said to you?”
The hunters who lived nearby, like Jody and Claire, arrived at the bunker on their own. Donna was with them, a portion of her impressive arsenal in the back of Jody’s SUV. Alex had opted to join them, wanting to help save the hunter who saved her life. Tasha Banes, by all reports an impressively powerful natural witch, arrived an hour later with her twins, Max and Alicia. Sam had never run in hunter circles, but apparently the three of them were famous up north.
Cas nodded, verbalizing his answer when he realized that his brother couldn't see him. "Yeah, they were. But we can't go any further until Dean's father formally accepts us into his pack." He could feel Dean's hand on the small of his back, offering comfort and support if he needed it. Tasha was able to keep her consciousness out of the call, her eyes closed as she struggled to maintain the connection without being part of it.
Dean didn't speak during the entire ride home, staring at Khan's neck as the big black stallion plodded slowly down the road. Mary shifted the reins to one hand and ran her other one down her eldest son's arm, but the omega didn't respond. She hoped that her mate would have more luck with the boy.
"Yes, Auntie Ellen," he murmured, dropping his eyes to the ground and bowing his head in a passable imitation of a cowed omega. His sandy-blonde hair, which he kept shoulder-length in a traditional omega style, was tied back from his face with a single strip of leather, though a few strands wiggled free to cover his face when he looked down. Garth stepped forward and grabbed Dean's hands, forcing them to his side and pulling his shoulders into a hunched position.
When she set her sights on Dean and Sam, Cas had yanked them halfway across the world to a dark forest in Russia. They were startled by the teleport, but Dean caught his eye at once, a shock of relief passing through the hunter. "Cas!"
want you, Castiel," Charlie replied, joining the omega cuddle and resting her forehead on the back of Cas's neck. "He loves you and he wants you, trust me."
"One of the gifts that a Lure has is a thread to their scent that can calm the fussiest pups. It will be a great asset to you if you choose to have pups of your own."
"You live in the mayoral mansion," Cas whispered, biting his lip as he struggled to speak past the knot in his throat. "We live in a trailer, Dean. Eight of us, four bedrooms, which is two more than we had back in Illinois. I don't . . . I don't want you to see . . . we aren't rich, or even well off. Father struggles to pay bills sometimes. I don't want you to see that."
Sam whined low in his throat, his own scent spiking with fear. He had seen the victims of Spellbound poisons, especially the ones that Asmodeus used, and he was terrified that he was going to lose the blonde omega. Cas’s scent darkened with fear in response, bright blue eyes meeting Dean’s emerald green in supplication. “I can’t lose my brother,” he whispered.
"Yeah? Well I think you're doing alright, too. Being a single parent can't be easy, especially not in a new town. We'll get Balthazar a car and that should help you out a lot."
The four soldiers stared at Dean after his answer, which had certainly been more impassioned at the end than he had intended. "You really love your brother, don't you?"
"I do," Benny agreed, relaxing slightly. "I think I'm going to go volunteer to guard the omega wing tonight, see if it calms me."
Crowley touched his fingers to Balthazar's purple tattoo, watching as the symbols he had added faded to white, only leaving Tasha's original lines intact. "I would, you know. I would reach out to you every hour, I would want to hear your voice as often as possible. I would touch your mind to check up on you, and I would worry if your emotions were anything but calm and peaceful. I would urge you to return, even knowing that your journey is vital, decreed by my mother, Speaker of the Prophet. I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough to offer this myself. I didn't want to let you go."
“I want to be the one who does it,” Gabriel whispered. He shivered and tried to pull himself closer to the beta, but he was losing strength by the minute and he couldn’t manage to do it. “I want him to know what it feels like to be helpless.”
"I did when I was younger, but most High Schools won't allow presented omegas to play with other subgenders."
"Let me see your conscription notice." Dean fumbled in the front of his armor for the rolled scroll, passing it over quickly and watching as Castiel skimmed through it and Metatron leaned close enough to read it, too. He was suddenly very glad that the old scribe was an ass and had little regard for anyone other than himself. Clearly, the beta didn't recognize him, and it was unlikely that he remembered the tall, blonde omega who had spoken back to him the day before. Such things were probably beneath Metatron's notice.
"Yes, because the shamans told us that you both do not prefer alphas." He reached into his bag again and passed a pouch to Balthazar, smiling at the mix of shock and wonder in the Celestial's pale blue eyes. "This one is modeled after an alpha, since you are fated for Crowley."
"I know it is, but that doesn't make this any easier." Dean watched Sam's reactions to the conversation from across the table, noting his brother's white-knuckled grip on his cup and the paleness of his normally-vibrant hazel eyes. His training session had not improved over the course of the afternoon, and John's displeasure was still acutely obvious in his stiff posture and refusal to glance at the teen sitting to his left.
Chuck paused for a moment as he looked down at his son. "I know what this means to you, Captain Novak. Your brother would have been very proud." Chuck knew that Castiel had been very close with Zachariah, certainly closer than he was to his father, so the young captain would be feeling that loss acutely. Castiel looked up at the praise, gratitude in his sapphire eyes as his father reached for the sword.
"The Council will hear your case, Gabriel." Her words were warm but formal, Maggie's gaze including Castiel. She already knew that Balthazar would not be applying for membership, but she nodded toward him anyway. "Is he coming?"
"Hell, no. She's awesome and all, but I think of her as a little sister. Anyway, she only dates females, with a strong preference for alphas, and I think she may be in a relationship with one of Benny's friends at the University. Dorothy I think."
Balthazar chuckled, nuzzling Crowley and reveling at the scratch of the alpha's beard on his cheek. "This experiment will be a lot more interesting in three months." The omega pulled back and caught Crowley's eye, glancing around the clearing before pointing toward the bag at the alpha's feet. "Why are you even out here?"
Well, that was a disaster. If his first day of training could have gone worse, Dean couldn't imagine it. Kevin and Cri-Kee, that lucky cricket who apparently thought he owed the omega a life debt, had stayed behind in the tent, though he was sure that they would come to help him train as soon as they realized how hopeless he was. He knew the moves, and generally he had a great sense of balance, but the hostility he scented from the alphas and betas around him kept throwing him off, and the herbs he had to take made him a little lightheaded at times. Dean was sure he could adjust to these small problems, but he really wasn't as strong or fast as a true alpha, and that would become apparent the longer he trained with them. If desertion wasn't more dishonorable than getting kicked out of the Chinese Army, he would consider it.
His ears perked up as the Great Ancestor's voice thundered down the hill, inaudible to human ears but far too loud to the small dragon. "Great Stone Dragon! Have you awakened?"
, didn't look at his chest. "I've dated dozens of men and women in my time: alphas, betas, and omegas depending on my mood. I've always been the most comfortable around men who treat me as an equal." Crowley nodded in understanding. Alphas, especially males, tended to treat male betas worse than omegas, just whores with nothing to offer, no chance of pups in the future, no exciting heats to rile their own urges. And most omegas, of both genders, treated male betas as they would alphas, deferring to them in most sexual situations or using them to get through a heat without the aggression that rutting alphas often displayed.
"Dad thought we would both be alphas," Dean replied. John would have been willing to pay for tutors for alpha sons, but probably stopped Dean's education when he presented as an omega.
"Damn straight." Crowley leaned forward, tilting his head up slightly to capture the omega's lips. Balthazar groaned and pushed into the contact, surprised when the alpha stepped forward and growled slightly. Balthazar pulled away, panting, as every omega instinct in his lean body demanded that he drop to the ground and submit to this alpha, a feeling he had never experienced before in his life. Crowley could see the shift, knew the instant that the omega's wolf reared its head, so he quickly changed from a growl to a purr, cupping Balthazar's face in his hand. "Shhh, calm down, Zar. Come back to me."
Alfie grinned. "Yeah, he only tells the version where he won. Mother was irate at Crowley when he refused to fight again. A few months later, one of her close friends was . . . she was an unmated omega and she refused Asmodeus's advances."
. Intrigued, he dropped his broom and headed out of the front gate of his father's estate, Jo on his heels.
"Rowena sensed that she would be needed here, so she and Ruby are only a half day away. They'll arrive by noon tomorrow, and she has requested that her blue-eyed petitioner provide some fish for lunch."
Cas nodded. "I figured not. My aunt's grandmother was a Lure, and she taught her all about our 'special nature', as she called it. As an alpha, Dad never cared about any of that, but my aunt was very intrigued by the special kind of overpowered omega that used to be central to pack government hundreds of years ago. She showed me translations of some ancient Greek stories that told of wars ended by the presence of a Lure and entire City-States relying on one to keep the more dominant alphas from tearing each other apart. Aphrodite, the goddess, was said to be a Lure, actually. She said that I have urges that frighten me, so I suppress them, but that could be harmful in the long term. She said that I should express myself more, even if I think it's maybe too risqué while I'm unpresented." Cas reached out to grab Dean's hand, twining their fingers together. "I thought about you, while you were in rut. I was . . . curious and I thought that it wasn't right for me to be."
The Lawrence Mayoral Mansion was exquisite, larger by far than any house Cas had ever lived in, with colorful flowerbeds in the front and a tall fountain in the center of the circle at the top of the driveway. Michael glanced over his shoulder at the two young omegas in the middle seat as he waited for the car in front of him to discharge its passengers and move into the dedicated parking spots around the side of the building. "Anna, Alfie; you guys need to behave for your brothers today. You are guests here, and I expect you to act as such."
Dean laughed and selected his own avatar, a blond Viking character. "That's what she named the avatar. It looks like you gained your own Meg-approved nickname, Cas."
"We had a run in with your northern subjects," Balthazar replied, stepping closer to Crowley as Ruby and Meg moved to the side. "Dean and his pack saved us. And now your mother has saved my brother from the injuries Asmodeus inflicted on him."
Sam glanced back and forth between his brother and his future brother-in-law, hazel eyes wide as the gravity of the situation became clear. "Dude, you two need to mate soon. I can't handle this sexual tension much longer."
"Apparently not. Dean, I'm thinking of summoning the full Council tomorrow after school to discuss these new applicants. Will you be there?"
against Crowley's neck, smiling contentedly as the first hint of omega space tugged at him. He knew that he couldn't give in, not in the middle of the woods with his two friends in heat, but he desperately wanted to. "I haven't tried it yet," he admitted. "Kevin and Alfie were locked in their rooms and I didn't want to leave Mshindi alone. I was going to pull it out tonight, though."
"Short term memory may be unreliable for a little while," Nurse Mosely soothed, glancing over her shoulder at the sound of an ambulance in the distance. Louisiana St had become a parking lot, a mass of drivers standing near their cars and watching silently as Sam led a group of teens back to the school grounds, dragging their captives between them. The parents in the carpool lane who had been dropping off their kids were all on their phones, calling relatives, friends, and probably news stations about the incident. Lawrence might not be a one-horse kind of country town, but it was by no means big, so this was certainly going to be the topic of conversation on every news show tonight and the local paper in the morning. Things like this didn't happen here.
"If they're Dean's pups, Cas is going to need that ability," Sam teased, eliciting a few laughs from his friends and a quick growl from his brother. Cas made a note in his book about Dean being a fussy pup, and he wondered if their babies would be troublemakers.
"Max is in heat," Dean replied carefully, stepping forward to take Cas's hands, stopping him from picking nervously at the edge of his robe. He caught the omega under his chin, forcing him to look up and meet his eyes. "Talk to me, Cas."
The mother was a strong beta with similar sun-kissed skin, though her laugh lines were a bit sterner and her temples were starting to gray. Still, everyone moved away when she approached, fish feeling the jaws of a hungry shark. Dean remembered that she had come from Britannia with Meg, and she seemed happy with her place here. "Who is this waif? He looks underfed."
Anna passed the gift to Alfie, who turned and handed it to Cas, reading the name tag. "This one is from Dean."
"You're from the Southern Continent," Balthazar realized, rising to his feet to face their guest, Kevin standing slightly behind him. The half-Celestial was worried about his newly white eyes frightening the dark-skinned omega.
He could that the omega was already close, and he had planned to stretch this out a bit longer, but something about Cas's sudden submissiveness concerned him. Kissing Cas just behind his ear, Dean stroked a little faster, using his free hand to hold the raven-haired man in place. The omega whined and struggled against Dean's arm, not hard enough to escape but enough for the alpha to growl sharply at him. Cas stilled instantly, his entire body trembling with the need to
a close relative. He's what we call an Anchor Alpha, one with too much scent and way too much testosterone."
"You are not worthy of this spot," the Great Ancestor snapped, grabbing Kevin around his waist and forcibly removing him from the shelf and throwing him out the door of the shrine. "Now, awaken the Great Stone Dragon!" His gong and mallet followed a moment later.
A snicker from the tents to the left caught his attention as Benny and Balthazar emerged into the rising moonlight. "You're the worst excuse for an alpha that I have ever seen," the bigger man jeered, pointing at the scroll on the ground. Bartholomew, Ishim, Inias, and Isaac joined Benny on one side of the omega, while Balthazar and his three half-siblings hovered on the other side. As betas, the three of them were more interested in watching the troublemaker get chased out of the camp, but the alphas all had eyes ringed with varying levels of red and they were spoiling for a fight. Dean's first instinct, his omega instinct, was to submit to this horde of alphas, to avoid the fight that had been building for two weeks, but Cri-Kee's suggestion,
"Well, if he's dating Dean Winchester, I'll imagine that he'll get what he wants. We heard a lot of stories about him while we were traveling through Wilderness lands. He has slept with a lot of betas, male and female, and there was a rumor that he bottomed for an alpha once."
Mary shrugged and glanced back toward the house. "Sometimes I think that I should have let Kate stay and train Dean. I know it's hard for an omega to be raised without some sort of guide. He wasn't ready for the Matchmaker today."
The omega looked up, spreading his hand out on Crowley's chest and pushing down. "You're really tense this morning. What's wrong?"
Cas shook his head as he sat up and looked around, blue eyes settling on the ancient mattresses on the bunks in Dean’s cell. They were discolored and probably broken, but they would be a lot warmer than sitting directly on the floor. Green eyes followed the angel’s steady gaze, the hunter grinning as he realized what Cas had found. “Great idea, man.” He pointed toward the mattresses in Cas’s cell, gesturing for the angel to grab one for himself.
