“You’re sure?” John pressed. “Because you had a pretty vivid vision a little while ago, and even now the ghosts of Christmas past or some shit, are standing on my back stoop according to you.  And if there’s a real flesh and blood human being on my back porch who has intentions to harm us, I need you firmly in reality. Understand?”
he couldn't deny.
"I wish you hadn't thrown away your anti-depressants," Sherlock said. "If they were prescribed to you, you have a valid reason to take them."
"I will."
And so it became
But she didn't pursue them. Molly stopped just short of  the door, slamming it hard, shaking the wall and rattling the  countertops.
John  never apologized for it, even in the morning when he was nursing his  spectacular hang-over and Sherlock made John tea as a peace-offering.
"I'm not an  ass!"
John said, "Can I hazard a guess? Was it when you offered to ask Mycroft for a favor in expediting an adoption?"
"Also, I want to return this." Sherlock produced John’s gun from his coat pocket.
He went to incredible places.
"This is…," John waved his hand back and forth between them. "This is how you treat suspects and witnesses. When you're trying to coax a confession or bleed information. I
."  In a moment, Sherlock dared to climb up to the step John was standing  on. "It's okay to feel uncomfortable. It's okay to struggle. I'm  struggling, too. But the truth is better than silent understandings and  dirty secrets. So let's talk it out. Please say something. John."  Sherlock's trembling hand found John's, his fingers curling into John's  palms. "
"Laws are laws!"
Lestrade held up a photo. It was an old photo and, according to Ella and Harry, John had lost weight since it was taken. "He's a vet…,"
John, you
"She's more than just strange. She's a manipulative, pathological liar," John declared.
Sherlock said bluntly, "John, it's illegal."
In rapid succession, something pounded on the back kitchen door. The door jumped, the lock rattled.
, apparently it was what John had been thinking all along.
Sherlock stilled. He looked down at a serrated knife laying next to his thigh, with its sharp, sharp tip that could very easily have been lodged in his body somewhere. He picked it up gingerly and looked at it.
Lestrade opened the doors more fully and let himself in. He sat down in the seat across from Sherlock's and watched him empty the coffee filter into the trash and then rinse it in the sink. "What are you working on?" Lestrade asked with interest. "Taking up a case?"
John  grit his teeth. Mycroft Holmes knew exactly how to exact the cruelest  revenge. John was an untouchable now, a leper of the modern world. Even  Lestrade had looked uncomfortable giving John some comforting parting  words. Who wants to be associated with a gay basher?
to be tolerated, especially after he had begrudgingly offered her his  thanks. Well. Not in so many words. The implication was clear. "Nobody  likes you either," Sherlock bristled with a vile sneer. "They're just
to do, see John…I'm not going to let sentiment cloud my judgment." He rose his head proudly. "So…I didn't come for John, even though I desire to see him more than anything else. I came for
"Ruined for life," Mycroft  said curtly.
–and a play bath was just how it sounded, with floaty toys and bath chalk, while a business bath meant shampoo and soap.
know.
“I was reading. About adoption.”
“John?” Sherlock gently whispered from down the hall.
“Joooohhhhn,” Sherlock groaned out loud to nothing. He looked over at the skull to complain, then realized he’d hurled it out the window. He bristled. He’d had that skull for years. “Goddamn it, John. Look what you made me do.”
Suddenly, someone was grabbing him. Multiple someones. They dragged Sherlock out of the boot and dropped him on the wet grass. They dragged him by his ankles for a distance. Not too far.
"Did that make you uncomfortable?" Sherlock demanded. "It's a very personal and graphic image to suddenly be thrust into the forefront of your thoughts. Now. Try to imagine that from a different perspective. I'm a gay man. So
He had two cigarettes in his mouth simultaneously. He sucked on them like he needed them to breathe.
John waited.
John was looking pointedly at the ground. “Thank you for giving a damn about me.”
, Sherlock," John said, "You don't have to announce what you infer. God." He ruffled his hair. "Yes. You
“John, if it’s
John grew quiet again.
Sherlock was  exactly as he had always been: a tense, miserable elitist and  intellectual snob who took too much glee in the misfortune of other  people so long as it provided him with a crime scene to lovingly
decision. This is years of self-hate and shame driving what is nothing less than a revenge killing. You want to murder
“Go ahead.” Harry gestured. “Go.”
," the mother spat back, "because he had
what do you mean 'You don't know'? You don't know
ever again, though rest assure I'll have
Neither man was a habitual drinker. John because he had seen what havoc it had wrecked on Harry's life, and Sherlock because his personal poisons were more exotic and beer offended his palette. But tonight was a night for celebration and drinks were in order. And so the laughing began. Hearty, merry laughing.
He dug his phone out of his pocket and dialed Lestrade’s number.
Lestrade  added, "We all read it. And. I. They all
"Goddamn it," he huffed. "Goddamn it." He dropped a match and it didn't smolder out immediately. He watched with interest as the flame lazily burned the wood. Then it fizzled and died and Sherlock curled his lip in disgust. "Goddamn it, John Watson. Fuck you. Fuck you." He lit another match and dropped it with the rest. Then he took both cigarettes out of his mouth and crushed them in the pile on the floor and stood up, kicking the pile of ash with his bare foot and watching it scatter in every direction. He shouted angrily at the empty sitting room, "I wouldn't stab myself for you over anything, you ungrateful prick!" He saw the skull on the mantel. Savagely, he lunged for it and picked it up like a bowling ball, his fingers curling into the eye sockets, and he turned in one swift motion and hurled it at one of the windows. The skull shattered the glass easily and went flying and disappeared. Outside, he heard the loud "crunch" of the impact on the street and a car horn and screeching tires.
"Sherlock…." John croaked. "I didn't mean…not like  that."
"Now I'm going to explain how time travel
What a nice day it had been.
"Sherlock…"
John's hurried footsteps came rushing down the second floor.
John nodded vigorously right back at her. "I bet you think he's there to see you
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock asked, "Will you pity-fuck me?"
John asked directly, “Could you love a handicapped child? A
"We'd all like that."
Sherlock looked  down at his feet, feeling heat rise in his cheeks. He didn't have a  thought in his head.
“It didn’t work,” Sherlock complained, or rather rasped.
“Can you describe it to me, John? ” Monica leaned forward seductively. “Was the scent something you would describe as spicy or sensual?” She let the words flow from her lips in invitation. “There are so many…varieties…”
“Just what?”
“Did he?” John asked in annoyance. “Maybe he just wanted to finish up his experiment. You know how bored he gets. How he latches onto an idea.” John snorted. “It wouldn’t be the first time he’d used me in one of his mad projects.” But the ramifications of this particular experiment was
Sherlock threw his head back and howled as he came, his cock pulsing and drenching them both with his semen. Sherlock’s climax was so bloody marvelous, John took only a moment to look back down and see their hands covered, chanting, “Oh god oh god oh god” then coming with a curse and Sherlock’s name on his lips. John fell on his knees and took Sherlock’s softening erection into his mouth, sucking the come onto his tongue and Sherlock wailed, convulsing and thrusting his hips forward helplessly until John had mercy and focused his attentions on the dripping fluid still clinging between Sherlock’s thighs. And Sherlock
“Fuck, Sherlock, you have no idea how long I’ve wanted to be inside you,” John murmured against his friend’s dimpled cheek. For several minutes John was captivated watching his fingers sliding in and out of his best friend, whose hips undulated with every thrust, his leaking cock nudging against the cotton between John’s legs seeking friction.
John was permitted a moment’s satisfaction before a light brightened Sherlock’s features. “Oh!”
” He nudged his chin forward and placed a chaste kiss against John’s lips, then pulled back to gauge John’s reaction, like a child taking a biscuit out of a cookie jar waiting for approval. He wanted?
“Jessuuussss…” John gasped and helplessly pumped his hips. The velvety texture and color of Sherlock’s cock was exquisite. Rosy and long and lovely sliding along John’s thicker, darker prick. John leveraged himself against the wall and wrapped his other hand over Sherlock’s, leaning forward for another searing kiss. It was all too much and not enough. Sherlock panting and arching against him was a scene of fantasy. Surreal and breakable.
Sherlock’s eyes went utterly black, with only the faintest sliver of verdigris surrounding his pupils. He complied with a haste that would have been comical had John not been so eager. Sherlock’s cock was swollen and leaking and John felt his mouth water.
Hours later John exited the cab and Sherlock grasped his wrist to pull him into Harrods department store. “Come along, John!” Sherlock ordered as he led John through the crowd. When they reached the escalator Sherlock allowed John to free his hand. He sorely wished a hand sanitizer station would be readily available once they’d reached their destination. Sherlock looked only slightly better—he wasn’t swaying on his feet, but the discoloration under his eyes and reddened nostrils of his chaffed patrician nose were clear indicators he will still very sick. Sherlock was practically vibrating his excitement however, and John welcomed the sympathetic rush of adrenaline in his own blood.
more suggestion and take a shower. John hoped it was hot enough to clear up some of the congestion in his friend’s chest and considered going downstairs to knock on the door to the loo to remind him of the temperature before dismissing the idea on account Sherlock might be too knackered to remember a flannel if he opened the door to bark at John for his coddling. John had to wave off the mental image of a semi-helpless Sherlock toddling about starkers and requiring physical assistance to get back to bed and listened instead for the water to shut off. He heard Sherlock’s door shut, and John rolled over to close his eyes. This was going to be a long week.
on Sherlock’s face. It was practically maniacal with glee, and John decided why the hell not. Let the man have his fun. Sherlock might not do sex, and this might not have the excitement of a case, but his expression was a very near thing to the one he wore when the two of them chased an armed serial killer through particularly sordid back alleys.
“Not anymore,” Sherlock rumbled, crawling back between John’s legs. Whether that was before of after Sherlock rubbed himself all over John’s room was anyone’s guess. If Mycroft had been anyone else, the doctor might have had pity on Sherlock’s older brother.
the girl. I’m after a suspect that has a penchant for wielding screwdrivers into men in ballerina tutus.” Sherlock’s voice had dropped into dangerous territory but John couldn’t stop himself.
Greg frowned, took a deep gulp and turned to John. “Listen,” John went to open his mouth, but Greg held up his hand. “Let me finish. Don’t be a twat. You and Sherlock are...meant for each other.” The D.I. grinned. “And His Highness has to know it. He’s just shite at dealing with emotions.” John snorted. “Ok, really,
“Makes sense.” John breathed in exasperation.
“Ta, well, I am not doing that again. It was stifling up there.”
“No apologies necessary, John. You had every right to be angry,” Sherlock managed and swallowed thickly. The incident with Culverton was still a bit fresh for both men. Though Eurus had provided a more than adequate distraction, it had only been six months since the nightmare at Sherrinford following Mary’s death. Both men were still in the process of healing, and John hoped their joyride might be just what they needed for some levity. As it was, Rosie was with Mrs. Hudson at the moment being doted on and probably filled with an unadvisable number of biscuits. Most surprising to John was the way Sherlock doted on Rosie. While the great git had been too distracted to pay any attention at her christening, Mycroft had sniffed about Sherlock’s insistence his brother should look at her photo
?” John chuckled a bit and admitted, “yeah, ok, it’s a little amusing to see the most brilliant man on the planet have his arse handed to him by the common cold. Though I do want you to rest up and get better.”
But Sherlock quelled the D.I.’s objections with a withering glare and motioned for John to follow him, even rushing past Donovan and Anderson without so much as a casual taunt, the billowing of his Belstaff the only indication of the speed with which he departed the night club. The location was at best a spot for young ravers to drop X and dance their cares away in the outskirts of London, and at worst a drug den waiting for something like this to happen given the appearance of some of the clientele.
sated with food before dragging him off to solve another mystery, but John had only managed to eat around a quarter of the dinner before sprinting after Sherlock. Although this case was at best a 6, as far as John could see. But then how could John know what constituted a 4 or an 8—as Sherlock seemed to keep his numeric system of interest under a tight cloak of intrigue.
“Fuck, John...Your cock…” Sherlock panted as he bounced against John’s thighs and bit his lip. John’s head lolled back and his muscles strained to go deeper.
John giggled and Sherlock offered the openly genuine smile that was for John alone, before he too descended into giddy laughter.
John sent the next text quickly, feeling that a change in topic was expeditious. He didn’t want Sherlock to think of his flatmate keeping track of his physical ...symptoms any more than necessary. And John didn’t want to think about why Sherlock would care so much about what he smelled like. Surely.
“Would you like that, sucking me?” John wanted to hear more. Sherlock’s voice was pure sex and John was beyond desperate to find out what other filthy things Sherlock might let him do.
That drew Sherlock’s ire and John regretted it for a moment before collapsing into another fit of giggles.
“God, John,” Sherlock pleaded, “Yes. God yes.”
“Hmmm…” he started off slowly and waited to see Sherlock’s head tilt ever so slightly away from his feigned project. “That’s really strange.”
, John thought desperately.
him. Sherlock Holmes was standing before John fully aroused, hesitating in his desire to initiate a sexual relationship with John Watson. A flare of heat burned at John with the realization he was in control of this experiment, and Sherlock was at his mercy.
“Not true, John,” Sherlock asserted casually. “The human nose has the best memory of all the senses.”
Sherlock’s eyes momentarily widened. “Of course.”
Oh this bastard. “So she didn’t ask about me. And she’s going to help you with this experiment. Why didn’t she just ask me to help then, yeah? After all, I’m the one shopping for my
Sherlock bloody Holmes was getting hard driving a sports car. It was by sheer force of will John managed not to whimper and look at the detective’s face, which was currently facing John instead of the road.
him. The man looked like he might die if he didn’t come soon. John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neck to pull him forward, their mouths only an inch apart. Sherlock closed his eyes and John pressed his lips to his friend’s. Sherlock’s lips were warm and pliant, just lovely and plush, and John licked into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock breathed a needy whine into the kiss and John moaned in approval.
“Ahhh….Erin Daniels.” John made sure to give Sherlock his most lascivious grin. “She was a peach.”
“Well at least I’m still trying.” Sherlock sniffed haughtily. “And it’s not as though you’ve been back to Harrods to see Megan.”
John hummed in appreciation and circled his thumbs over the detective’s shoulder.
An obscene sort of whine issued from Sherlock’s mouth as he bit down on his lower lip hard.
...over and over again until his body pulled taught and he came apart with a silent scream. Sherlock’s cock pulsed thick white spurts, striping John’s chest, and John felt a crescendo of electricity unspool in his belly.
After several minutes of arguing who should get the flannel John acquiesced, padding back into the room and sinking down next to a luxuriating cat of a man. John snickered and Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him inquisitively. “What?” He asked defensively.
John wasn’t sure if he felt admiration or pity for the saleswoman as she schooled her features as well. “Good evening gentlemen. What can I do for you?” Her tone was light and passive. Professional.
“Oh, no reason.” John could play this game too. He turned to start the kettle. Sherlock would cave soon, he always did if John took his time with his own meager deductions.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. I haven’t got any experience with perfume.” John protested, suddenly taking in the sheer number of bottles littering the counters in the salon. This was ridiculous.
This time John was careful not to invade Sherlock’s space. Which was somewhat more difficult as Sherlock had scooted the stool closer to the counter and turned to face away from the table. John stepped in, feeling the weight of the counter behind his arse, attempting to keep as much distance from his partner. Sherlock held his wrist out to John expectantly, though this time he seemed to be more attentive to John’s reaction than usual. Perhaps he was more confident he’d located the scent of the murderer? John leaned forward and smelled Sherlock’s wrist, barely grazing his pulse point with the tip of his nose. It was warm and inviting and it smelled nice. But it was also too faint.
Chapter 5
ever eluded him? Usually he rambled on about “obvious” clues amid various jibes about his disappointment in the general lack of competency of the NSY by now, pausing for John’s “brilliant!” and “amazing!” praises. But the grim set of Sherlock’s mouth and the tension in his jaw made it clear his customary deductions were not forthcoming any time soon. At least not verbally. That in and of itself was disturbing.
“You told her this was for a case?” John snickered incredulously as he plopped unceremoniously in the passenger seat. “You can’t tell me she seriously bought that.”
“Ready for your inspection, Sherlock?” John called, then cursed himself for his choice of language. In fact, he’d been thinking of inspecting his friend all day at the surgery and had a hard (pun intended) time waiting to get home. It wasn’t his fault Sherlock had chosen to anoint himself with attractive smells normally reserved for women. It was a natural response.
, John.” He leaned forward and painted a lick against John’s lips and John’s lower half was flooded with heat again.
“A friend?” John perked up at that. Sherlock executing perfect control over a rare specimen of any car was not surprising--Sherlock was a fast learner about, well everything--but the idea of him having a friend at Uni, one close enough to do anything so mundane as driving a fast car was unimaginable.
“Beautiful,” John murmured against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth when they finally broke apart for air. John ran the ridge of his fingernail up Sherlock’s thigh and his friend gasped.
Fuck me like that…”
Sherlock kept his back to his friend as John made his way into the loo to take his shower. Once the door was closed--not locked--Sherlock had already disassembled every lock in the flat within weeks of the doctor’s arrival--Sherlock padded towards the bathroom and waited. Time for part 2 of the expanded experiment. After a sufficient amount of steam filtered through the crack in the door Sherlock entered the bathroom and pulled down his pyjama bottoms. The sound of John moaning stopped Sherlock in his tracks momentarily, as he heard the slaps and grunts of his flatmate masturbating under the spray. Fuck. He would give nearly anything to simply slide the curtain aside and join his flatmate, but the Seduce John Experiment
“You put on too much, Sherlock! Open a window for Christ's Sake. Or take a shower.” John was going to add more insults but he saw the horror stricken expression in Sherlock’s eyes and grew quiet. He was only teasing, and Sherlock was, well, Sherlock. He wasn’t normally so sensitive. John drew in a startled breath as a blush tinted Sherlock’s neck and ears crimson.
“I wasn’t prepared for the results to come to fruition so soon. My calculations did not account for such an immediate response of the… the subject.” Sherlock rocked towards John in a placid trance and his eyelashes fluttered. Sherlock’s pearly white skin was overheated and glowed with a sheen of sweat as he swallowed.
. Do you want to feel me inside you?”
. That had earned Sherlock major brownie points with John as it was, but then he’d caught Sherlock with Rosie unawares. The detective had taken to instructing Rosie on the necessity of observing rather than guessing, and shared his excitement about her upcoming milestone of understanding the concept of object permanence. This while he gleefully demonstrated her lack thereof by playing peekaboo. When he noticed John gaping in the doorway Sherlock feigned mock irritation at her lack of comprehension, but John caught the fond smile on his friend’s face. Yes, even with Mary gone, Rosie would be alright.
“Boys,” she began and they raised their heads. She held out her hand and Sherlock bashfully deposited the keys to the Aston Martin in her palm. “Rosie is already asleep, so you two should go up and get some rest.” Her eyes glittered with mischief and pleasure. Perhaps they weren’t to hear of their punishment just yet, but then again perhaps she knew what they’d really been up to. John’s ears burned and he knew he was blushing then.
Sherlock looked utterly shocked at the very concept of defeat and rolled over on the sofa to face the wall.
“No. The shower. The fluids. The paracetamol,” Sherlock groused with a wave of his hand.
John took a bite and moaned at the delicious flavor of the dish. When he looked up, Sherlock’s eyes were dark and he licked his lips. “What?” John asked with an apprehensive laugh. “Did she ask about me?”
Sherlock sniffed in disdain, which only exacerbated the whooping sneeze that followed. Monica cringed away. Even she was tiring of the hunt for the world’s most intriguing scent with the detective nearby. She slid John a slip of paper and John was truly relieved to discover she’d written her number on it. “I do hope you will come back to try again soon,” Monica chimed from behind the counter as Sherlock twirled away towards the escalator. John thanked her and fell in behind his friend.
“Not a problem, John.
“You didn’t tell her. You didn’t tell her we are taking a
“Right,” John said simply and unzipped his flies, hearing the sharp intake of breath from the driver. The cool air on John’s skin made him hiss and he gave his prick a long pull.
? John raises a hand. "Not really your area, remember?" He smirks, but Sherlock still feels... bad. "Don’t dwell on that. It was pretty well covered with my getting over the bullet wound and over my psychosomatic limp." – "So you met in the army?" – "In Afghanistan, yes." Dangerous environment. Perfect for John to fall in love. "How much time between his death and your bullet wound?" – "Hours?"  – "Hmmm."
Closing his fingers around John’s member is most marvellous. It is hot and pulsing and the skin is incredulously smooth. He indulges in the feeling, in the sound of John’s breath getting more and more ragged and all of a sudden, while he glides his hand up and down, lubricated by precome, he gets impatient again. How will it feel, when John penetrates him? Penetrates him with that strong, thick muscle, that now twitches equally impatiently beneath his fingertips?
Sherlock is thoroughly confused, but glad, that John leaves the room. He is terribly out of his depths. The act has been more than enjoyable, so there is no reason for the current miserable feeling. Anger kicks in. He feels exposed and vulnerable and wonders how he couldn’t have foreseen it and stop the whole nonsense before he confessed having a crush on John. Even though he’s angry now, the tears continue to leave his eyes and wet his curls. He perceives of the water running in the loo. The doctor must be washing himself and Sherlock really, really hopes that he’ll go upstairs afterwards and let’s him be.
In lack of any better idea, Sherlock finally enters his Mind Palace.
Oh. That wasn’t meant to be said out loud. Sherlock freezes. How can he get out of this? A quick glance at John’s face tells him that his friend is still processing the information. From the confused expression he knows that John got it right, but that he doesn’t believe to have interpreted it correctly. Sherlock’s torn between hoping for John to dismiss the idea and wishing him to pursue it.
While indulging in the sensation of relaxation, the detective starts to have difficulty in breathing, as if his lungs refused to inflate properly. There is a pain in his chest, that gets nastier with every breath he takes. Tears form at the corner of his eyes and roll down his temples where they get lost in the curly mess of his hair. He flings his left arm over his eyes and tries a deep breath once again. It ends in a quivering sob, that alerts John. He lifts himself up from the detective’s body. "Oh", he says, getting up. "Hold on."
, John thinks, being glad not to meet his friend’s gaze, because that also, he finds totally endearing.
Maybe, John’s right.
You might be a tad slow at times, but you’re no imbecile, brother dear. MH
When John joins him with their mugs, he finds the consulting detective with his hands stapled under his chin in silent thinking pose. Even though he doesn’t seem to be aware of John, he takes his mug from him with a curt nod. John settles down in his own chair, taking a sip of the earl grey. He clears his throat, which startles the other man. "Oh, John, you’re here." John chuckles. "I am. Watch your lap." Sherlock looks down and acknowledges with surprise the tea his hands are holding. "Thank you." – "Wow." – "What?" – "You thanked me." – "Don’t I always do that?" John purses his lips. Better not to press the issue.
. To make matters worse, real life John has started to give him curious looks he can’t decipher. Apparently, sitting it out is no solution.
Endless seconds later he drops onto the sofa in the living room, panting loudly.
John stands and closes the gap between them. He comes to a halt in front of his flatmate, cards his fingers through his dark curls and whispers: "You deserve to be treated affectionately, Sherlock. You’re wonderful." Sherlock’s head drops to the backrest of the chair, where it is cradled by Johns hands. He looks at John from under half closed eyelids, breathing heavily, the slightly parted lips and the exposed, pale neck an unspoken invitation. John traces his lower lip with the thumb of his right hand, then places a kiss on it, light like falling autumn leaves. Sherlock grabs him by the jumper and pulls him closer, lips crashing together in a heated kiss.
Just tell me what you want. SH
"How do we proceed?" – "By going to bed", the doctor answers, while grabbing Sherlock’s wrists and pulling him up from his chair. "Dull", the taller man retorts, but follows suit. "Never mind. I’m going to show you some very not dull things in this dull bed of yours", John announces, dragging his friend to his room across the kitchen. Heat washes over Sherlock. "Nice to meet you, John Three Continents Watson", he rumbles in his lowest voice. John pinches the bridge of his nose. "Of course you’ve learned about that, too."
is going on?
Mind Palace John’s words echo in his mind. Again and again. His elbows on his thighs he rubs at his forehead. His breaths become more even, but his hands start to shake. Badly. When his phone chimes, he nearly jumps. His brow furrows. A text from Mycroft.
At the entrance to the kitchen he stops. John has emptied the shelves. For an instant his heart plummets to the ground. Is John moving out? Without even knowing that he has a crush on him? Has he finally behaved too strangely? Has he finally become too much of a nuisance? Then he realizes, that John is scrubbing the shelves. In his
kitchen? If John left and he would be alone with their kitchen, which therefore would no longer be
I want for you to be happy. MH
Better? MH
. Most of them are dull, some are even
When the front door bangs shut downstairs, Sherlock lets out a frustrated cry. "Why are you so unhelpful, John?" He vigorously shuffles his mess of hair and jumps to his feet. He spins, dressing gown swaying around his legs. He takes the few steps to the couch and throws himself onto it. After a moment of angry ceiling staring, he decidedly closes his eyes again.
feelings
Sherlock wakes abruptly on the couch in 221B Baker Street. He lifts himself up into a sitting position, ruffling his hair, feeling confused. He rubs over his face. He feels soft and relaxed. What happened in his Mind Palace today is unprecedented. He thinks of returning to bed, to John. The tightness the embarrassment caused this morning doesn’t return. Sherlock huffs. Odd. He waits for several minutes sitting on the couch, immobile. Nothing changes. He stands gracefully and turns to the door of the loo.
"May I ask as how you came to stop the dating? There must still be plenty of women you didn’t ask out yet", Sherlock resumes his inquiry, still sounding disinterested. John doesn’t reply immediately, choosing his words carefully, obviously. "The dating was to ... distract me. But I have come to the conclusion that it is pointless... so I stopped." Heat rises to Sherlock‘s face. What did Mind Palace John say?
"Sherlock? Sherlock! D’you need anything from the stores?"
John is attentive and mindful and Sherlock acknowledges with delight, that Mister Three Continents Watson has exquisite deductional skills. Reserved to please his lovers in bed, but who was he to complain about that restraint? The doctor instantly knows when he wants to be touched somewhere and whether it is hands, tongue or teeth. He immediately memorizes what pleasures him most and gets back to that whenever there is a new touch Sherlock wished for but turned out to dislike. He also lets Sherlock touch him and when the detective is unsure whether he is allowed something or not, John simply takes his hand and guides it to where he wanted it to go.
"That... conversation has turned rather depressing", John states thoughtfully. Sherlock shrugs. "Scotch?" The doctor asks and stands to get his finest bottle. Sherlock hasn’t answered yet, but he still fetches two glasses and pours the golden liquor into them. "Here." – "Mhm", is all Sherlock replies. John holds up his glass. Sherlock mirrors the gesture, then downs half of his.
Back in real life, Sherlock doesn’t know what to think or do, so he just stays in bed and listens to John’s distant rummaging in their kitchen.
Better what? SH
John turns his head, smiling at him. "Hey", he mutters, greeting his flatmate. "You planning to take one of your dates to the kitchen?" The question sounds morose, which makes Sherlock flinch slightly. John shoots him one of these curious glances that have become more and more frequent in the past few weeks. An intense discomfort spreads in the detective. He stiffens, waiting for an answer. John averts his gaze and sighs. "No", is all he says, in a strangely contented manner, while he resumes cleaning. Sherlock frowns. "Then why the jumper?" This time, he manages his usual disinterested voice. The doctor stops again, looking at the cloth in his hand. His expression confused, he returns to scrubbing. "What do you mean?"
considered gay." His tone is even, as if he is discussing a case with John and not some highly personal issue. John curtly smiles, then answers: "Because I’m not. I’m bi, and I don’t even know if that is the accurate term." Sherlock’s eyebrows raise. "Explain." John blushes and nestles with his hands. Should he? The explanation is rather emotional of sorts. Something Sherlock normally yells
The internet, Sherlock? MH
Sherlock opens his eyes. Newton’s third law.
"Hoohoo", she calls cheerily, stopping dead as soon as her gaze catches his rumpled appearance. She places the silver tray on the coffee table, tea nearly spilling over. "What’s wrong dear?", she asks, already patting his hand before she even sits next to him on the leather couch. Sherlock only gapes at her, eyes blank. "Oh, Sherlock, I thought you’d finally... took the next step. I mean, it seemed so last night." The detective blinks slowly, incomprehensive. Mrs. Hudson blushes slightly and waves her hand in no specific direction. "Thin walls", she remarks meaningfully. He squeezes his eyes shut, unsure how to react. The old landlady starts to giggle and looks at him fondly. "Like a rabbit caught in the headlights", she murmurs, more to herself than the lanky man beside her. "Standing yourself in the way, aren’t you?", she says next. Sherlock opens his mouth, closes it again when it dawns at him that he cannot think of anything to reply. "Don’t you think you’ve had enough of the rough times? Maybe it’s time for a little bit of self love." She gives him another fond smile, pats his hand again and leaves, tray forgotten.
When John finally reaches for the condom and tears the packet open with his teeth, Sherlock can barely cope with his impatience. It feels like an eternity, when John rolls on the condom and positions himself above Sherlock. John nudges against him and the detective’s breath catches. "I know you’re impatient, but... try to relax, yeah?" John smiles. When he presses again, he glides inside smoothly.
"Do you need anything from the stores? I’m heading to the shops. Do you want me to get you anything?"
When they’re both more moaning than breathing, Sherlock withdraws a bit, looking John in the eye. "What about sex now?", he asks dead serious. John laughs. "Sure, if you want to rush things." – "I’m impatient by nature. Of course I want to rush things", the detective states breathlessly. John smirks in silent agreement.
Well that wasn’t surprising exactly.
remind me.” John couldn’t help but notice the way the color had risen to Sherlock’s cheeks and wondered if another conversation wasn’t being had entirely.
occurred to me.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, as though he hadn’t deleted the entire solar system once but determined the definition of bisexuality was worth keeping. “But you never dated any men.”
would like?” John shook his head weakly and Monica seemed to hide her dejection well. The poor lass hadn’t caught on she wasn’t going to be getting a sale from either of them this evening. Nevertheless, Sherlock had John smell 10 more fragrances before John held up his arms in aggravation.
“Have you ever
“Because I, John Watson, drove her first.”
Now that they weren’t within city limits John could relax and enjoy the ride.
“Right then. Why are we here, Sherlock?” John glanced around them warily. Sherlock had the tendency to forget mentioning inevitable altercations when they cornered a suspect and the seething mass of people surrounding them was going to make a chase difficult.
“It’s an exclusive here at Harrods. Only 425 pounds.” Monica chirped happily.
Chapter 11
Sherlock waited until John approached and held out his wrist obediently.
Hypothesis: Increase in physical intimacy had triggered something in his “not gay” flatmate. Natural response to stimuli.
to sell men perfume for other women. Any expectations to the contrary were ridiculous. Supporting evidence: John
John awoke to the sound of glass breaking downstairs and groaned. If he lived anywhere else, perhaps he would have shot out of bed to investigate. But as he lived with a maniacal scientist he knew Sherlock had likely destroyed something in his makeshift lab on the breakfast table.
“Well, it
“Not a problem. Did you smell anything you liked?” She bit her lip awaiting his response, squirming her legs together behind the counter. Christ, what he would do to get her somewhere more private and tell her everything he
it. Why people anthropomorphize animals is already bizarre.”
. John continued to suckle as Sherlock panted above him until he knew Sherlock was about to become oversensitive. Regretfully John pulled away and sat up. Sherlock looked deeply into his friend’s eyes before pulling John forward for a bruising kiss. Sherlock hummed against John’s lips and it was John’s turn to whimper. Jesus, he loved this man. This perfect, brilliant madman. Like no other. John had loved Mary, but his affection for Sherlock was bone deep. The man practically had a tattoo on John’s heart.
John pulled Sherlock forward and pressed their foreheads together. “Now you listen to me. I have been in love with you from the moment we met.” Sherlock started to open his mouth but John interrupted him. “Shut it. From the moment we met, I knew I’d met the most amazing, brilliant man I would ever hope to meet and I
Sherlock looked at him in awe and fascinated astonishment. Then, in a voice so small John wondered if Sherlock really meant it to be heard, he said, “everything.”
John backed away and Sherlock whined at the loss of heat. “Give it to me, Sherlock. Give me your come.” John growled and Sherlock balled his hands into fists at his sides. John grabbed a wrist and guided Sherlock’s fingers into his hair. Sherlock nodded minutely and John descended on his friend’s cock again, hollowing his cheeks and moaning in pleasure. John managed to run his fingers up Sherlock’s chest and squeezed a hardened nipple. Sherlock cried out, and John felt another gush of pre-come on his tongue.
“What...things, John?”
“Oh God...
“And you are comfortable now because…?” Sherlock queried. John detected a hesitant, soft tone to his friend’s tone.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock nearly sobbed and that sent another wave of heat straight to John’s cock.
“Do you not want me to watch?” Sherlock asked and swallowed nervously. Ah, how the tables had turned. The man was apprehensive now.
and then a shout, as Sherlock’s eyes would widen in shock as he convulsed into ecstasy, filling John with hot, throbbing spurts. The image of Sherlock coming down his throat sent John over the edge, and he screamed his release in his pillow.
, Sherlock.” He scrubbed his own at the memory. “If I hadn’t been so angry I would have felt sorry--” John stopped when he saw the taut line of Sherlock’s jaw. “Sorry,” John offered weakly.
. And oh, how he’d been interested that first night at Angelo’s. John could barely contain his joy when Angelo had brought them a candle, and yet Sherlock had given him the “married to my work” speech. John was a good man. A good friend. And Sherlock was too brilliant a star to be hindered by the lust of an old army doctor. He sighed and rolled over to find a flannel and clean himself up. Now that he had allowed sex with Sherlock to become part of his fantasy there was no going back. He’d definitely do it again. John’s cock twitched with interest. Soon.
“I rubbed my scent all over your sheets, John. Surely you noticed.” Sherlock mouthed at John’s nipple, continuing his ministrations with newfound voracity.
“You didn’t buy that perfume from Monica did you?” John blurted out before he could stop himself.
“Yeah, alright mate. But it’s just that if Sherlock had already solved the case, he had to know what he was doing to you.”
John waited several minutes staring at his phone. He didn’t know why it mattered so much to console Sherlock. The detective had done countless experiments on him--without his permission thank you very much--so it only seemed fair John should get in a little ribbing when one wasn’t successful. But Sherlock’s expression held something more than simple embarrassment. Something unnamed. Something like hurt.
“Yes, John! For godssake. Are we talking floral or earthy? What? What did you smell?” Sherlock sneezed and the spell was broken. Both Monica and John turned their heads away from the spray. “Apologies.”
“The thing is,” John croaked, “That bloody idiot has been dousing himself with perfume every morning and night, trying to trigger my memory for the scent of the murderer.”
“Only the best for my girl,” John added with a wink and Monica blushed. Her eyes glittered under her lashes and John had to resist giving the whole charade up. Case or not, she was stunning. She licked her lush lips and looked down, giving John an opportunity to admire her pert breasts on the counter. With a side glance he caught Sherlock rolling his eyes and tilting his head in his most
Sherlock chuckled darkly behind him. “Well, John, anything your
“Not. My. Area,” Sherlock enunciated. “As you so
in his field of vision. “You know what Mario Andretti said about such things,” he added offhandedly as he turned back to survey the road.
“God, yes,” John choked out and pulled at Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms. Of course the berk wasn’t wearing pants, and Sherlock’s cock sprung free, leaking with its foreskin fully retracted. John divested himself of his bottoms and pants in one fluid motion. John’s prick bobbed against his stomach, twitching and aching for another release already. With a sharp intake of breath, Sherlock grasped John’s cock and pulled, before slotting their members together and wrapping his absurdly long fingers around their shafts. Both men groaned with the contact--the thick heat and musk of them filling the air. Sherlock flicked his thumb over their slits and rounded the tips with the glistening fluid.
Sherlock’s body bowed with apprehension on the stool, but the detective still pretended to be focused on his task. “What’s strange, John?”
when his friend leaned in to scent him. The tray of chemicals nearby adequately supported his story of not applying perfume to Sherlock’s wrists, but he hadn’t imagined John would be so blatant to come forward and smell Sherlock’s neck without asking him to turn around. He had hoped John would take the initiative, but even in his wildest dreams he hadn’t thought John would be so obviously stimulated by the experience. Conclusion: John wanted to fuck him, no matter how often Sherlock’s “not gay” flatmate continued to correct friends and colleagues.
“Was it then?” Sherlock quipped and shoved his hands into John’s pocket to retrieve Monica’s number. “Then you won’t be needing this.” He crunched the paper between his fingers and tossed it in a bin before John could stop him.
John fucked his fist in earnest and moaned as his vision went gray. “On second thought you should probably pull over now. You want to watch me come, don’t you?”
.  He wanted to hand her a dictionary and ask her to recite it.
Lestrade answered uncomfortably, "Well, the police found his phone in a park rubbish bin in July, but the last time he was spotted on a CCTV was in June."
smile was noticeably more appealing than the
To whatever end. For however long.
"If I were desperate for money," Sherlock said, "I'd be tempted to pawn a lung or a kidney if there were a ready buyer. Once you start thinking about your body, or other people's bodies, as 'goods', it's only a matter of time before you start selling your children to feed yourself. Obviously there's a willing woman in America who thought of it before you."
, as excited to see
The hum of the window motor made John  look up.
Molly continued, "I can be your friend if you want. I can listen and I can share my thoughts with you. We can even do things together, go places. I'm sure we have something in common we could enjoy. But just an hour ago, you were planning to kill yourself. I've watched your emotions go up and down all afternoon. Just a minute ago, you were laughing and smiling and teasing me. Then you were sad again. Now you want….God. I want to help you and I don't know how. I'm not gay and I can't give you any advice. But I hope you don't go back to hiding who you are. Coming out was very brave thing to do and you shouldn't give up. I think an honest-to-God counseling session might do you some good…"
he spat. “To please me and my
.”  His pulse was hammering in his ears.
Most of the time, Sherlock was okay. A little quiet. He still liked his violin and his chemistry set and his crime scenes. He liked his coffee black with two sugars. He was also fond of Mrs. Hudson. He was very fond of London and would take long walks through Regents Park between cases.
When she was gone, Sherlock huddled over John's remains, cradling them, sorting them. He still had the leather gloves, John's green Woolrich parka with the fur-lined hood, the oatmeal jumper, the black shooting jacket. The camel brogue shoes. The mug. Shaving kit. Pocket knife. Laptop. Good things. John things.
"Why?!" John shouted again, giving another forceful kick, dislodging a third leg and toppling over the table. "Why did he have to be gay?!" One more kick destroyed it completely, and he picked it up and flung it across the room. The other patients, in their chairs around the television, scrambled and ran off. "What am I supposed to say when he comes out here?! 'Hey, sorry I made you feel bad. We can be friends again, but I'm going to live with my girlfriend and not with you and we'll have different jobs and probably never see each other. How's that sound?'" John flung himself against a wall and pounded his fists against it. "Why did I have to say 'faggot'?!
The flat's lights flickered as a distant bolt of lightning crossed the sky. The thunderclap that followed was loud and sharp.
The younger Sherlock's eyes darted quickly around the flat, searching for any evidence of a struggle.
possible," Willis said.
"Sod off," Sherlock snarled on the phone. "I stupidly texted John to let him know where I am. Now he's on his way here to see me. I don't want to see him. I don't want to see him. I tried to dissuade him from coming, but he's insistent. How can I convince him not to come?"
Both men were quiet for a long time.
related to the baby and
Billy returned to the table with a coffee pot and a glass of milk for Harry. He was about to pour Sherlock a second cup of coffee when Sherlock put his hand up. “No thank you, Billy. I’m done here. And please give me the bill.”
"I haven't been medicated,"  Sherlock said resentfully, pacing back and forth before the glass  encased workstation. "I'm not being treated. I'm bored."
John  frowned at that response. His fingers flew across the screen:
“Much!” John said, smiling. He was showered and dressed. He’d shaved. But he wasn’t wearing shoes or socks. It drew Sherlock’s attention immediately. John nearly always wore shoes, even indoors, even in the heat. John asked, “Did you have a good breakfast?”
He wanted to know what happened to Irene Adler.
John snorted, “Sherlock, you don’t care about any of that.”
Sherlock walked in circles around the butcher block. “What about crimes that
“Likely,” Sherlock answered. He knew she was, from a hundred little observations and deductions, but this conversation was going to be rhetorical, so he suspected.
Sherlock steepled his fingers and pressed them to his mouth. "Would I," he mused quietly, "want to go back and see my friend John and enjoy his company and his laugh, knowing that he was going to be horribly murdered and there was nothing I could do to stop it?"
"John, I’m just trying to alert you to the potential…”
Molly sighed. "I didn't have a valid reason, though. I knew I was going to lose my job. I heard the rumors. My boss kept dropping passive-aggressive hints. I was miserable. But I should have known a bunch of pills weren't going to make it better."
But Sherlock was not very fond of himself. He would stare at himself in the mirror above the fireplace, unbelieving, like he didn’t know the person looking back at him. He would touch his face sometimes, then let his hand drop and go about his business.
Which was fine. He'd gone to every place he'd wanted to go, except one.
"Because I'm happy with you just as you are!" Sherlock stepped forward boldly and took John by the shoulders. "And because I want you to be safe. If you're gay, then there's people out there who think you are
"Take care, Greg."
"I didn't think you had it in you, Sherlock."
Really, truly gone.
Lestrade was smiling again, too. "Hey, don't tell  Sherlock. I don't want him feel bad. Actually, he won't feel bad. I  don't want him to know his access to crimes scenes has been cut off.
Sherlock pretended to remain attentive to his task  and tried not to react as she passed behind him. He couldn't help but  shrink a little, then once she breezed by he watched intently out of the  corner of his eye, in rapt attention, his mind rapidly considering the  possibility that two of Lestrade's team were about to be horribly  murdered.
Sherlock sat up, feeling determined. “You should seek a second opinion. And a third and a fourth and truly exhaust all avenues. And then, if all else fails, we can adopt. You aren’t
“Lestrade,” came the rushed answer.
Sherlock stammered on, “Just…before I suggested it to you and get your hopes up, I wanted to test her temperature about it.” Sherlock tried to wrench away from John and spun around to look at him. “Um. I guess you’re pretty mad. I mean…surrogacy with your sister…that’s a really personal thing and…I didn’t ask your permission or anything…”
For a while, they just worked side by side, Sherlock washing, John drying.
Harry took the other seat across from him. She was smiling. Her smile wasn’t real. It was polite. She was used to being friendly as a requirement of her job. This ‘friendly-customer-service’ face was second nature to her.  “I’m glad to finally meet you. The
Harry, true to her word about maintaining eye contact, stared right at Sherlock.
father, and I'm not interested in having another father around to
Sherlock was quiet for a few seconds. It
Sherlock was whipping himself into a furious froth. "You were willing to dupe me into a doomed relationship. Did it ever occur to you what might have happened if I were receptive to your advances? How many years do you suppose you could faked it before you
."  John allowed himself to smile. "He's…on the mend!" His smile grew  wider. "Sherlock Holmes went to a hospital. He went to a  hospital!
can go home to my empty house with my ruined body so I can sleep in my bed, all by myself, hugging my now-empty belly?”
,” John continued forcefully on, “because you need to understand; You are not yourself. You’re having a nervous break-down. And we may be in real danger. Or not! Who the fuck knows? So I need facts. I need to know, right now, what Mycroft told you. Exactly.”
John really meant to say something else. But  then the other word hit him just as his mouth was opening and
an appropriate  answer."
"Sherlock is preoccupied…," Mycroft began.
It was John.
Sherlock's cold blue eyes did not soften as he examined the pill. "Did he…suffer?"
Mycroft raised his eye brow. "He didn't tell me that."
The footsteps reversed course and John appeared at the doorway again, looking…bemused. In the dim candle light, with the deep shadows hugging his face, his expression was exaggerated. "Sherlock. When did it become 'our' baby again? I thought I made it clear that
Sighing, John  wanted to tell Sarah that he understood. But he didn't know how.  Instead he said, "I forgive you if you don't love me anymore."
…couldn’t…couldn't you just ask your brother to take care of it for us?"
"Oh, for God's sake. You
decent," John defended. "I'm a helluva nice guy. I'm too goddamn nice. I  let people walk all over me. I've had enough. I've especially had  enough of Sherlock Holmes."
She somehow heard the  comment from two rooms away behind a closed office door, which suddenly  flew open.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"How many seconds, then?"
"Why shouldn't I?" John said glibly. "I might be standing in front of the love of my life. And I'm standing here, the wrong sexual orientation. You won't even give me a chance." He flopped his hands at his side in helplessness. "For all I know…just one little experiment and I'll find I really
"And I don't just mean in the flat," John said firmly. "I don't want it stinking up your clothes, nicotine stains on your fingers…"
It was beyond John's capacity  to imagine Sherlock could really commit suicide. But he'd read  Sherlock's notes on his laptop over and over again. It couldn't be real.  Sherlock couldn't have written
John moved before he thought.
Sherlock rocked uneasily, feeling trapped.
Sherlock took down two coffee mugs and began to fix the drinks. “And one time I fantasized we moved back in together, re-kindled our fading friendship and solved crimes together and raised your daughter.” Sherlock turned around with he coffees in hand. “As we got older, we moved to Sussex and bought a cottage. You started a modest practice in town and I tutored chemistry. We had a bee hive.”
Sherlock slinked towards the kitchen sink, looking anxiously over his shoulder, but not at John. “They’re all…um. They all just looked at me.”
Sherlock deflected immediately; “Don’t…ask about the hat. Please.” He pitched his voice to sound a little exasperated, a little pathetic.
He sealed the flat, shoving rags under the door, taping plastic to the windows.
John held out his arms, feeling  the color draining from his face. "Oh God. Oh my God, no. No. Mrs.  Hudson, please put that away."
At three in the morning, Sherlock sat up, courage gathered, and nudged John awake so he could introduce himself. John sat up and listened intently without interrupting. When he was done, John shook his hand like they were meeting for the first time, and it was a firm, welcoming handshake that caught Sherlock by surprise. The consulting detective, who hadn't let one tear escape for years, now wept so hard that nervous laugher erupted from him. The relief was tangible.
Sherlock was stunned. Then he started laughing. “Jesus Christ.
she sang, an exaggerated, lilting croon, "
He went into the sitting room and stood before John, who didn’t acknowledge him. “John,” Sherlock said. He held out his coffee cups. “I got coffee. For you.”
John withdrew his toothbrush from his mouth. "Sherlock," he said, again tensely. "What do you mean,
As he looked out, he reached down for the door knob and turned it for good measure.
Sherlock noticed the twinge of interest in Billy’s eyes, but the young waiter was off and gone before Sherlock could defend himself. Not that Sherlock needed to defend anything, but he was fully aware of the assumptions and rumors about John and himself. For the most part, Sherlock didn’t care what people thought. It was irritating enough to correct the whole of Scotland Yard on a regular basis. If he spent his days correcting people he met in everyday life, he’d never get farther than the front door. However, since Sherlock considered infidelity one of the lowest and most vulgar expressions of human weakness (lower and more vulgar than murder even, which he could begrudgingly understand) he
John folded his arms across his chest. “Tell me the truth. Are you using?”
in a sheer butter cream.
Harry laughed.
"Fine. I assure you I can carry on  better without you distracting me." Sherlock's hands fidgeted in  his scarf tails. "I promise not to contact you again outside a true  emergency, whatever that might be." With that, he briskly turned away  and fled into the crime scene.
, because you feel pressure to align and conform to some kind of archetype you can recognize and identify." He threw the towel across the kitchen, just missing the other counter, but he didn't go to pick it up. "It feels safer. It's more socially acceptable to be in a gay relationship with children than to be in a sexless relationship with children."
John's blood was still warm and Sherlock was covered with it and this was
And God did
Sherlock said, "No. I feel leery about going to Harry's. If John's avoiding me, I may not be welcome. We didn't part under the best of terms, if you remember. I don't want to provoke the wrong reaction if he's still feeling bitter."
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
It felt like fire against Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock dug his thumbnails into John’s wrists to stop him. “Stop it right now! Stop it!!”
John gave Sherlock a reproachful looked. "Will you stop goofing off?" John demanded amiably, and Sherlock thought he was going to die, hearing John's voice after all this time. John checked his watch. "I'm going to miss dinner, you know. Sarah’s waiting for me.”
John understood. He found himself unable to add anything else. He was acutely aware of the absence of a titan. A world without Mycroft Holmes in it, given all what John understood Mycroft did, was incomprehensible.  John asked “When did you find out about all this?”
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
child could meet your expectations. That’s just it, Sherlock.
"Why not?"
“He’s got his issues. We all do. I have more to be angry about than him, but I believe in forgiving and letting go.”
“I think so,” Harry agreed. “But I’m not angry at John for the reasons you think. Yes, my coming out as a lesbian wasn’t welcome news to our ultra conservative parents. But John was always supportive in that regard. He was…unusually…sexually liberated. Kind of had a wild side there, even from a young age. A sexual opportunist. A real
"After I sat with you through all those cold sweats and bought you all those nicotine patches? And listened to your incessant bitching and suffered your violent mood swings and…?"
, and his cheek was pressed hard against John's chest and there was a gun pressed against his opposite ear and this was okay,
Lestrade took it and sipped. "That's good. Thanks."
time," the older Sherlock said. "What about the
just leave this one to the police. And Sherlock had laughed at John and dragged him along, protests and all. Oh God. There would never be suffering ever again. Oh God. John. John.
family. I understand I don't enter into the equation. I understand that I'm…" he struggled for words a moment, "…you know, not invited in your family."
John  recoiled. "What?"
He flung open the front door, trotted down the stairs without shutting the door behind him and went out into the pouring rain.
One night, after much going back and forth with  himself, Sherlock sent a simple text message:
Molly gave Sherlock a dubious look.
John dished out another helping of cavatellis and red sauce onto his plate.
John held Sherlock's gaze, shocked.
. Oh, fucking hell. You could literally do whatever you want and either your trust fund or your brother would come and save you. I couldn’t spend
"Can I have privacy?" John asked. "I'm doing what you asked…"
“It almost sounds like someone at the back door,” John said.
Sherlock pursed his lips at John's response. He  really wasn't mentally ready to see John face-to-face. He typed:
was quite needy. All valuable experiences. All contributed in some way to the adult that I am, all passed down from my mum and dad from their mums and dads, just as intricate and unique as DNA. I'd much rather see my values and my personal culture passed on than my complexion or bone structure." Sherlock cocked his head. "But I'm odd. Not everyone feels that way."
for you both.” Her smile had become a snicker.
Most  people did not notice, but a few other detectives paused and looked  over. Anderson looked for an uncomfortable length of time. Donovan  cleared her throat and Lestrade looked away politely.
“I keep doing that,” Sherlock said, shaking his hands. “And then I…shut out the traumatizing information entirely into a little space in my mind palace and I…"
Sherlock sputtered in frustration, “Every time I think of a place to start, I realize I have to go further and further back. As far back as when we first met. Even before that. Back to when I was a kid. That’s why my Mind Palace is falling apart. It effects every memory I have…”
A lump formed in Sherlock’s throat.
. And John starts crying. Because nobody is, or has
John looked horrified.
John was sitting at the sofa, looking lost and alone. “No. That’s not necessary. I…I decline any further examinations. Thank you.” Then John closed his phone with finality.
“Yes,” Sherlock said genuinely. “Thank you. Thank you.”
.” He patted John’s arm.
He leaned forward and picked up the phone and scrolled until he found Harry Watson’s phone number. When he found it, he stared at her name.
"Um."
experienced was supposed to happen to
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John's heart sank. They weren't going to be together by the  end of the night. And why should he expect any different? He'd just  been released from jail, arrested for a
Sherlock frowned. "Don't do what to you?"
"For what?" Sherlock asked, texting.
After ten years of pretending he never knew John, Sherlock tried something else: he tried very, very, very hard to remember John.
In his mind, a vivid picture was forming. A picture of Sherlock and Molly: Molly, with the revealing and poorly fitted black dress at the Christmas party with the pathetic little gift. Molly Hooper. Odd and dull and boring and endearing and loyal and too eager to please, like John.
The events needed to play out, now, and they couldn't be interrupted, even though Sherlock wanted his younger self to experience as much aguish and fear as possible. And be acutely alone through it all. But maybe it was just as well that John should see it, too, and see Sherlock's soul bared.
Sherlock's  eyes went wide when John gripped his hand. His carefully chosen words  stumbled to a halt.
"A very good brother," Sherlock praised. "I think I would very much like to have you for a brother."
She ignored his interruption. "…and their consuming obsession with the opposite sex, which you didn't feel."
“Sherlock?” John asked, struggling to fill his lungs. “Do you see anything? Anyone? In your mind palace?”
He walked over to a  work station with intent purposelessness and sat down in front of a  microscope and a sleeping monitor. He nudged the mouse to rouse the  computer. He'd check his email. Update the blog. No. Take down the blog.  Update. Leave Mycroft a message where to find his body.
John thought, unable to decide.
all are."
He just laid there, hooked up to a respirator, lips cracked and dry and his eyes glazed and unseeing.
“Oh. Um.” He took a step into the sitting room. “Little…explosion. Nothing life threatening.” He turned left and right to show John, hoping to elicit a laugh or a smile. “How bad is it?”
No, he still had the poison in his pocket.
Sherlock studied John's face very carefully. "What…kind of lies?"
Sherlock turned back around to look at his friend. There was a spark in his eyes. "We're going to need a bigger flat, John."
"Let go," John said threateningly.
At least, that's what I told myself as I walked forward, leaving my principals behind me. And so I searched for the words to say how I felt:
"What?"
"John," Sherlock beckoned reluctantly. "There's another reason I haven’t mentioned."
, I don't want
“Yesss,” Harry insisted.
won't let me have one unless it's
," John pressed.
"I don't have to look at him," Mycroft said. "I grew up in the same house with the same parents and the same values. Hire all the witch doctors you want. It's not going to undo the years of hearing about how our bodies are sinful, that sex is dirty and that
appropriate to say  such a nasty, nasty word because, really, Sherlock was a nasty, nasty  soul. So cruel, so impatient, so hurtful and brilliant and for God's  sake nobody
"Hang on," John urged, dialing his phone. "Sir, I'm going to get you to a hospital."
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
."  There was a hint of resentment in Mycroft's voice. "I think back on all  the times I tried to get Sherlock into rehab and he refused to go."
They found nothing, though they stopped every person they met until dusk. When it became too dark to accomplish anything meaningful, they waited on a street corner, trying to flag down a cab.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
about being gay?"
Sherlock said nothing.
Sherlock objected, "But you said…"
Even though this was a violation of his space, it felt okay right now. This was a special moment. And no one else would know. So Sherlock leaned forward too and gently nudged John’s forehead with his own. He hoped John wouldn’t find that too threatening. He paused just as he did it. He studied John’s reaction. There barely was one. Other than John’s smile became bigger, against the laws of nature and physics, so Sherlock relaxed against him and allowed himself this moment. “John, you are really precious. But, God, yes. I’m happy, too.” He sighed. “I…I’ve never felt like this before.”
. I was
Sherlock’s face lit up. “With what? With what?”
Mycroft was hissing right back at her now, too: "… from jokes and rumors that your husband left you, and rather than shrink into the shadows and hide from your friends, you paraded me and Sherlock around during those
He was between cases. He was bored. He didn't know  where John was. He hadn't been back to the flat in a few days. He'd  woken up in a bus station this morning and he was wearing the same  clothes since yesterday. His phone battery was dead and he didn't care.  He was slightly delirious and his moods were wildly fluctuating. He'd  wept in a men's public washroom at one point and screamed at nothing and  laughed at nothing, then grew quiet again.
"Hmph."
Squinting through the glass doors,  John was surprised to see Sally Donovan and several other members of the  homicide team milling about at the end of the hallway. Most of the  officers were talking amongst themselves, but Donovan in particular was  standing apart from the rest, her arms folded, her posture stiff. She  stared at them with anticipation, her face unreadable.
Mycroft's anger was ratcheting; "There's
The string of gibberish that  followed from there on could have been words, but they were  unintelligible. Only John understood: Sherlock deserves privacy now. His  vulnerable body ought to be somewhere safe and quiet, where his most  shocking injuries can be covered, his eyes closed, his hands placed over  his chest, fingers laced, his hair combed out of his sightless eyes,  blood wiped away, jacket straightened. If there are broken bones, they  can never be healed but his limbs can be untangled, laid straight. If  his brilliant mind is spilled on the pavement, fragments of his skull  embedded in his brains plastered on an ally wall, then the pieces ought  to be gathered, never to be made whole but at least reunited in grief  and solidarity. The body belongs back in the good earth, kept safe until  Judgment.
, we're going to need a larger flat, a
"I won't smoke anymore," Sherlock vowed, coming into the kitchen. He felt his way. He reached out and found John's shoulder. "Keep the lighter."
ask her to be our surrogate mother," Sherlock defended. "I've had multiple conversations with her. What of it?"
It  startled John. He took a step back.
The woman was silent, shocked.
“Do it yourself if you don’t want my help,” Sherlock dismissed, not stopping. He took a deep drag of his cigarette.
John watched Sherlock go, feeling a bit guilty. He shut the bathroom door and resumed getting ready for the day. As he showered, as he lathered his hair and felt water sluicing over his shoulders, he closed his eyes. He remembered his father bathing him when he was a little boy. He remembered a brown plastic tug boat he'd splash in the water. He remembered the phrases
"No. I deny it. I deny all allegations of corruption."
Harry held up her arms, as if presenting herself. "I'm divorced, baby. I've had those thoughts. They're real. And if you don't do something
. I’m a much smaller man by comparison.”
“I mean it, get off!” Sherlock shouted, angry and hurt. “You aren’t gay and this isn’t going to turn out the way you want. Stop it,
what.”
No. Find a CCTV camera and stand there until Mycroft found him. Forgive Mycroft for rejecting him. Forgive Mycroft for being gay, too. Start his life over. Tell mother. Tell father. Get therapy.
was also not a word Sherlock used. Ever.  No matter how perfect this moment felt, he knew in the back of his mind  that he was more than a little drunk and John was more than a little  drunk. A drunken confession was not what he wanted. And it left open the  possibility that John might not remember in the morning, or pretend he  didn't remember.
Sherlock pursed his lips.
"That blog hasn’t updated in over a year. Let it go."
Sherlock was quiet. He stared at John a moment.
John's  resolved started to crumble. "I'm sorry for everything that happened!  I'm sorry for what I did! Wait! Please!" He was slowly dislodged from  the seat and dragged away. "Tell Sherlock I'm sorry…tell him he's a good  bloke, tell him he's
John was gone forever. And Sherlock never really knew him. They ate breakfast every morning, brushed their teeth side by side and shared egg foo young and sometimes gave each other first aide. They laughed. They solved crimes. They were strangers. Sherlock had kept so many secrets. And apparently John believed in heaven and thought he would go there with Sherlock someday.
“I don’t know the exact number of hours. Like I said, I didn’t want to be imprecise.” He lowered his head, a miserable expression escaping his stoic façade. “I’ve missed you
like you do now?"
“It’s not uncommon anymore, John.”
"I don't want to do that tonight. Mycroft will spoil my good mood." Sherlock sighed. "I just want…to bathe in how…gloriously magnificent you are right now. You said it wasn't your proudest moment. I can't imagine why. Oh, well. I know why. You feel guilty that it took you ten seconds rather than five seconds to do the right thing. You should be proud and you're not, and that's the fantastic thing about you. You're incredible. Quietly. All the time. It must be exhausting."
The ill-assorted pair departed into the pleasure grounds. Harriet could not but admire her ladyship’s strategic choice of terrain. It was far more difficult to contrive to overhear a conversation carried on out of doors, and being intercepted in the attempt would put one so decisively in the wrong. Fortunately, she could see her ladyship’s waiting-woman within the carriage and whisked up to have a word in Mrs Hill’s ear, to request her housekeeper offer Lady Catherine’s attendant the comforts of her parlour, and the finest gunpowder or Bohea Longbourn’s pantries could afford.
“Come on!”
Giulio shook his head. “I can tell you nothing about that.”
“It seems unlikely. Nonetheless, you underestimate what a very great lady she is. She is sister to the current Earl of Ula. Her youngest sister, Elaine, married Crown Prince Gerald.” He added, very deliberately, “You may also not be aware that the middle sister, Lady Anne, married a gentleman of considerable estate in the North of Gondal. That estate was Pemberley, and the gentleman the elder Mr Darcy. Lady Catherine, therefore, is aunt both to the present Mr Darcy and to our newly crowned King.”
“I believe your cousin, Miss Molly Hooper, said something to like effect. About intelligence and its failings, I mean.”
In his Will, the elder Mr Darcy bequeathed Wickham an annual competence of 600 thalers per annum, to be paid in twice-yearly instalments once Wickham reached his majority. However, by contrast to Wickham’s own account, the approach to Mr Darcy and the proposal for converting this annuity into a lump sum had come from Wickham. There was a profitable business opportunity which would assuredly make him wealthy for life, Wickham asserted, could he only find the capital to buy his share. Despite numerous remonstrances from Mr Darcy and from his man of business as to the imprudence of committing one’s entire resources to a single speculation, Wickham had carried his point. He had compromised his entire expectations for a lump sum of ten thousand thalers.
daughters. And no fortune.”
Miserably, his cousin nodded.
Frances repressed her urge to snarl. “I do wish you people would
She could have strangled John: yes, and dismembered him on her own account.
What rouses him is Georgiana’s laugh. “So, if basil is to convey either ‘the king’ or ‘a deadly secret’, depending on context, how can our code possibly manage to convey, ‘a deep and deadly secret, concerning the King’? By two bunches of basil, perhaps, separated only by some noxious plant or another?”
The skin between Elizabeth’s shoulder-blades prickled. Wickham had said something about her resemblance to the Princess. But since she had read and re-read Mr Darcy’s letter, she knew not which, if any, of Wickham’s professions could be trusted. In this, though, it seemed he had spoken truth.
She returned a wobbly smile and, once the signal was given, headed upstairs two paces behind the Countess to the dressing chambers.
Peter drew himself up straight. “We dare not lose another day, and yet the sergeant is visibly unfit to travel. Vaughan, consider this a brevet promotion to acting-sergeant.”
“I do not see what right Mr. Darcy had to decide on the propriety of his friend’s inclination, or why, upon his own judgement alone, he was to determine and direct in what manner his friend was to be happy.“ She paused, and drew a deep breath. ”But, as we know none of the particulars, it is not fair to condemn him. It is not to be supposed that there was much affection in the case.”
Too many officers, deceived by his broad North Gondalian accent and occasional lack of respect for the niceties, were inclined to dismiss Captain Lennox as an uncultured bumpkin. The colonel knew that his wit was sharper than his sword and few who came within range of either escaped unharmed.
How could she be so blind to a truth which, for weeks now, had been as much a part of him as his skin?
Her revelation, whatever it might be, was perforce interrupted: first, by the sounds of a furious battering on the main door and, while the three of them were still dumb-founded, by the Earl’s most trusted secretary entering and, in a low voice, saying, “My lord? There is an officer here, sent by your son in the Borders. Colonel Fitzwilliam is well, be assured of that, but the news the officer brought requires your earliest attention.”
“Escort my sister? Escort her where?”
“Thank you. So. Do you think the person in question is in truth what he asserted himself to be: the legitimate successor to the Dukedom of Malham?”
. Another correspondent has spent much ink on the topic of Miss Duplessis. I rather think he cherishes a
Elizabeth shook her head, as if to rid herself of a persistent, buzzing insect.
“Your health, and that of your family,” she said formally and handed it back to Harriet. Harriet raised it to her lips, and swallowed heartily.
Charlotte’s face was equally enraptured, though with a tinge of melancholy which reminded Elizabeth of angels in paintings of the Last Judgment.
But what of Charlotte herself? She had neither pride nor inbuilt virtue protecting her honour, just the cold pragmatism of knowing that it would not answer. Not for a plain woman well past her first flush of youth with an ineffectual father and no connections of credit. One only had to recall what happened to Miss Bates with her “merchant sea captain” who turned out to be merely a master’s mate, and married already, to boot.
If only dear Jane were a little more forthcoming in her efforts to secure such an eligible prospect. If only Mr Bingley were not so beset with gatekeepers, hostile to the very idea and far more alert than Harriet might wish.
Molly nodded, impatient to be off and about packing – but then, surely a woman suddenly come into the possession of a massive dowry must be in want of an entire new wardrobe? How many fields could be reaped while a fashionable lady hummed and hawed about this or that trimming on a mantua? A slow smile began to spread across her face; she dropped a formal curtsey to the Crown Prince.
“Papa tried.”
“But?” Elizabeth enquired. There was most assuredly a ‘but’ coming.
Her husband came forward and caught her in her arms.
Unexpectedly, she saw Lady Anthea’s lips curl with amusement.
Recklessly, the guards broke formation and ran towards the shout. Two more went down to arrows shot out of the dark.
“But surely – a lot of women – why would the people at the villa –?” Sudden embarrassment about the whole business overwhelmed her, and she stuttered to a stop. Jonathan eyed her sidelong.
The silence grew overwhelming. It was almost a relief when Mr Darcy entered, wearing dark conventional clothes and an awkward expression, which rapidly became more than awkward as the Crown Prince (who had, it seemed, not lost his habit of meddling over the intervening decades) outlined his plan to resolve their dilemma.
a great lady, she cannot have ears in a town so small and remote from Court as this.”
Thanks to the dowager’s gratitude, that summer the Watsons moved in a society better than they had ever known before, mingling on equal terms with the officers of the regiment encamped in summer quarters on the river meadows below the castle, and with their families. Harriet met with Ruth on the shores of Aspin water, and found her world, her very sense of self, forever changed in consequence.
“You do? Then, have it. He is a fribble, albeit one with a keen eye to the main chance, and certain connections which may either kill or cure his prospects. My youngest daughter is most perfectly matched to him in every respect: sense, taste and judgment. But none of that matters. Lydia gave him her maidenhead; he thought to take it cheaply and now the price turns out to be higher than he intended. But he will pay it, all the same. Send a messenger to compel your husband to send the express. Now. And after you have done so, we can have a comfortable coze together, cousin Penelope. But send the messenger first.”
“Impossible! Mr Darcy has such influence over his friend he would never allow Mr Bingley to sully himself by venturing into the mercantile quarters of town, even if he knew where to find them.”
And also Mama’s boasts to Lady Lucas about ‘Dear Mr Bingley, what a pleasure it will be to welcome him as a son.’ Holy Mother, did my entire family have a sweepstake on how badly each of them could behave last night? What must the district have thought of us?”
? Depend on it,
Charlotte cast her eyes down at the grassy path. “Lizzie, promise never to breathe a word of this? At home, I mean. Either of our homes.”
She gaped. In truth, it was a ghost she was seeing: her older sister Olivia as she had dreamt of her so many times since she had died of the measles when Charlotte herself was only five years old, making the younger children Charlotte’s responsibility, then and forever.
Her brother was the first to reach the chapel. He lit a candle and stood five yards away, head bowed in prayer. He wore the garb of a sober professional man of Gondal. His portrayal seemed more authentic, now Harriet knew him to be acting a part. To have always been acting a part.
In another woman, her mocking expression might have been flirtatious. This one, he judged, was too complex. He knew only one man who could have decoded her.
The matter unrolled all at once, like a proof in mathematics. “Oh – unless she were seen as doing it as a favour to someone who was the very reverse of fashionable. Like speaking kitchen Greek to the servants.”
He took a charcoal stick from the kidskin pouch inside his jerkin.
The intended groom sounded equally bemused if (reassuringly) less horrified.
With difficulty, Elizabeth resisted the temptation to enquire whether Lady Catherine’s views on female succession extended to her late
Jonathan sighed. “Our garrulous Arthur, I take it.”
“What message? Who are you? No, don’t strain yourself. Take it slowly.”
“I could never suppose any of the Malhams – not his Grace, nor Crispian, nor Julian turned traitor. A king who could think them so would be a king most sorely misled. Or –” Georgiana paused and took a deep, shuddering breath. ”Or a king given over to evil."
“Everything which may please his sister, is sure to be done in a moment,” the housekeeper said. “I look forward very much to seeing her face, when she enters this room tomorrow and sees what he has contrived here.”
of her daughters would be safe, whatever else happened.
He reached inside his jacket, extracted a small black velvet pouch, and tipped its contents onto the low table in front of her. The ear-bobs rolled and sparkled in the sunlight that slanted through the high windows. The courtiers ‘oohed’ and gasped.
For the first time his uncle allowed a wintry smile to cross his features.
Uncle John never came back to Longbourn. Mama took the news of his return to Court so badly, with tears, recriminations and thrown objects, that even his letters had dwindled to matters of form: at Christmas, Easter and on each of their birthdays.
It was difficult to keep from punching him. How
half?” He had not intended it to come out aloud.
“Georgiana is too modest about her abilities. I often try to convince her that she is the best artist in the family, but she will not hear it.”
One relief: that harsh, proud Mr Darcy had taken himself off to town. Whether or not he returned in time for tonight’s event was a matter of sublime indifference to Harriet, who had from the outset excluded him from her calculations save as regards his influence over Mr Bingley. In any event, none of her daughters had conceived any feeling towards him warmer than a cordial dislike during his se’nnight’s stay at Longbourn so she deemed it unnecessary to warn them away from him as a comet blazing too high above their ken. Some alliance to consolidate the power and glory of the ruling family was doubtless already in train for Mr Darcy. It might even be what had taken him to town.
“You are, I confide, in sore need of that sacrament.”
He nodded, not sure if he could trust his voice, and the Gaaldinian saluted, and went. Julian downed the wine and turned to face the small, makeshift shrine in the corner of the cave.
She nodded.
part of her brain told her mechanically, and then
"Without Pemberley, without my estates here, I would be a poor man – comparatively poor, at least. But I do have investments outside the three kingdoms, should I lose my lands within. Not much, admittedly, on which to support a wife and family: some few deposits in
She admonished herself to maintain control, hard as this might be before the armoured self-possession of the woman Court rumour claimed was the King’s discarded mistress.
The Betrothal Necklace wasn’t stolen by brute force or dexterous picking of locks. It was taken by manipulating those who had it in their charge to bring it to a particular place at a particular time, all the while believing each step on the road had been made of their own free will. How such a schemer operates, how to protect oneself against their machinations –
“That being?” Charles was not sure he wanted to know. The bleakness in Darcy’s voice could have scoured the fertile wheat-plains of Grunador to bare, barren rock.
family. However, nothing in that lady’s demeanour since the party’s arrival at Rosings suggested levity on any subject, least of all her great connections, would be either welcome or understood.
A couple of the bolder men essayed a mock-groan, and the sergeant glared at them. Most, though, untied their leather jacks from their belts, and queued to have them filled, loudly calling blessings on the lodge-keeper’s wife, and somewhat exaggerating both the hardships of the journey and the length of time they had been travelling. According to the most up-to-date Army maps, the distance from their quarters at Deadholm Barracks to Pemberley was barely twenty leagues and they had covered less than half that distance today. If things went smoothly at the house they could be on their way back to camp by nightfall. By the day after tomorrow, perhaps, this would all be over, his charge consigned to someone else for the remaining journey to Gondal Town, and the welcome tedium of his normal duties would resume.
Below Elizabeth unrolled fold upon fold of lesser hills, carpeted with trees: a swathe of green baize lying, carelessly opulent, across the landscape. Eventually, when the green ran out, came a hazy, infinite azure expanse, stretching to the horizon.
Horatio nodded. “You must have observed him at close quarters, my friend.”
To his infinite relief, Vaughan’s voice contained not the smallest shade of equivocation.
“If there are
He bit his lip, discerning the voice of Frances amid the clamour above. At least now she was mangling the tongue of Gaaldine, avoiding her native English. The dressing-down he’d delivered on the quayside must have had some effect.
“Could you accompany me on a walk into Elbe port over the headland, while the morning is still cool? We could dress quickly, I think, and be back before breakfast.”
Her stomach heaved; she clapped her handkerchief over her mouth and smothered a dry retch.
Rather shakily, she got to her feet. However outré the circumstances, she remained the hostess and it behooved her to check on her guests, who were distributed around the forecourt on an assortment of hastily rescued chairs, sophas, stools and benches. The Countess took in her daughter-in-law, wrapped in Molly’s blue and rabbit fur cloak, sitting on the edge of the raised parapet and whimpering quietly to herself. Deciding that was a problem she could safely leave for someone else to sort out, she crossed the forecourt to her niece who was now, she noted with amusement, wearing Captain Lennox’s dress uniform jacket around her shoulders.
But away where? The old objections surfaced with redoubled force. Had the Crown Prince been in favour she might have thrown herself on his mercy, but Mycroft II was an unknown quantity and she had no illusions as to how valuable a hostage he might think her.
“Listen to her. She does well.”
do not go into wineshops.”
He gestured towards the table, which bore a sword (plain, but with a first-class blade) a clumsy pistol, and a wicked little Italian-made poniard.
“The first girl? Born in the same week as Charis. The second, six months later.”
Mindful of his valet’s strictures against wanton creasing, Darcy swept up the skirts of his coat and sank into the chair opposite his monarch. His height told against him; he was abruptly conscious the low seat thrust his knees up closer to his ears than decorum warranted. His cousin, six inches shorter, smiled across with a sunny nonchalance more terrifying than a naked blade. When the servitor brought out a tray holding an elegant, chased-silver swan-necked jug and glasses, his cousin dismissed him and served them both himself, twisting the blade in the wound.
A clout from some blunt instrument early in the struggle knocked him insensible. After a long, blurry, nauseous interval, he woke properly to find himself in bed; a proper bed, albeit one located in a white-washed room with a small barred window and a solid iron-bound door. A store-room, recently repurposed into a holding cell, he guessed. He rather thought it might have last been used to store apples.
“There,” Jeanette said, deftly unlacing Molly’s dinner gown. “I have a tisane for you, and lavender oil for your temples. Take it slowly, ma’am. The Palace should wait for you, not you hurry for the Palace.”
“Of course, my dear. Nothing could be more healthful than a long walk. Make sure that you wear hats against the sun, and I recommend that you set out early in the morning, so as to have the benefit of the cool of the day.”
falsehood and between the King and the Prince of Gaaldine but so much of truth as to make one honest man. But with which of them does it lie?”
Odd, how even so far back she had been thinking of escape. Yet, on the quayside in Elbe, when it had been close enough to touch, she had ducked her chance. Had she only asked, she could have been away on the
He caught a flicker of surprise cross the Prince’s face. He sounded a shade less arrogant when he responded.
He was vaguely conscious of Darcy riding beside him, pacing him stride for stride, but most of his attention was concentrated on Miss Duplessis. How close should he come before addressing her? Thirty strides was an ungenteel distance, one would have to bellow. But he needed to acknowledge their presence and shorten rein before they took him for some rash hobbledehoy trying to scare them into leaping for safety. Already the officer with the little group was looking up, watching their approach with visible concern.
“Oh, how provoking.” Caroline turned away from the window. “Before he could acknowledge me, he was accosted by one of those dreadful Duplessis girls. They have turned off together towards that wretched sort of arbour thing.”
Elizabeth opened her mouth but Molly raised a hand to forestall her. “If you are worried about the servants, please don’t be. I sent my maid home a few days after we arrived here: she was long overdue some leave. Both Jeanette and Giulio have known me since childhood. When I told them of what I planned, Giulio said, ‘Trust us. We are good, faithful hounds, who run silent.’ As for the carriage, this one does not bear my aunt’s arms, but only her livery, which is interchangeable with that of several others. At this time of the year, you know, people come to Elbe from all over Gondal.”
Both men were gone, and the firefighters only just now turning away from the blaze to take in what had happened.
“–Was in the days of Crown Prince Gerald,” Darcy concluded. “Traquair stood to the Crown Prince then as Moran stands now to his son. Now do you see?”
“We need to take this to Mama.”
A massive form stood outlined in the opening to the carriage for a moment. Then he jumped down to the valley floor with unexpected agility.
At that last question she got what she had been looking for; the slightest sideways movement of his head. She had played chess with him for years. Only after their return from Gaaldine, when she had come to know him better, had she been careful to lose a fraction more frequently than she won.
She smiled. “You’re over-late with your advice, sir. You forget: while I never attended court during the lifetime of King Ambrosine, my cousins did. But even the good doctor would give place to the man I speak of. Moreover, that man is away from Court at present. Indeed, he has been absent for over a month. In and of itself that would not be suspicious. He is the colonel of a regiment stationed in the Borders. But I have heard from an impeccable source that he has not been observed with his regiment, either.”
was what Charlotte had sensed. Authority. Yes.
“The Countess of Alwent? I have always supposed my cousin’s wife believes charity begins at home and stirs abroad not at all. Husband and wife should always have one point on which they are in perfect accord, should they not?”
“Until several companies of soldiery turned up out of nowhere and started beating the downstream river banks, on both sides. That at once took the matter out of the sphere of local feud and, whether by accident or by design on the part of one or more of the factions whose interest must have been bound up in procuring such a meeting, sufficient information was dropped for the local people to get a pretty clear idea of who the parties must have been.”
The letter was handed over, the die was cast, and Elizabeth watched the carriage rattle away round the bend of the south-bound road.
Put that way, it did seem a prudent course of action. “So Miss Georgiana and Mrs Apsley – no, Annersley – were captured?”
“Netherfield Park? Are you completely mad, and blind to boot?”
Harriet raised her eyes heavenwards, though her sentiments were considerably less elevated. “I trust I know you better than to believe all you hear.”
Wickham’s eyes passed restlessly over the dance-floor, as if looking for someone. “Your cousin’s patroness is Lady Catherine de Bourgh, is she not?”
She gestured, feebly, with the hand holding the paper. “A – a moment. A moment of dizziness. I bent to pick this up, and must have stood up too sharply.”
She made her expression bright, open and engaging. It had been so easy to do that back when she had been Lizzie’s age and at Court.
“Sir, by the oath of my calling and by the dedicated blood of my heart, I shall not disparage those set in office over me, and in all cases the dignity of rank will be preserved. Sir!”
favourite relative. After all,
“Fourthly, whoever the Pretender may suspect, the one closest to him and therefore most vulnerable to his wrath is Miss Molly Hooper. On this, the Queen’s order is absolute. Her kinswoman
And then, having collected them, he had taken them to the house with the walnut tree and handed them over and received in return more money than he had ever seen in one place before.
Mr Perry motioned for him to move his shoulder. The effort was excruciating. The little apothecary poked, peered, tapped, made little “tsk” sounds through his teeth and asked a series of questions so frankly personal that Charles was relieved the two of them were alone. At length he nodded permission for Charles to sink back exhausted amid his pillows.
Colonel Fitzwilliam looked at his subordinate in trepidation.
“One final thing, Mrs Reynolds. I learn some of the estate workers have been coming into the chapel to say prayers for Georgiana’s safety. Please let them know I am most touched by their sympathy. Matters are at such a delicate stage I dare not give them any news, but if you could arrange the chapel flowers to be a little less sombre, it may convey a sense that there is cause for hope. I thought perhaps gorse. It smells sweet, and the blooms are warm.”
Dark grainy spots swirled at the edge of her vision; she was at once too hot and shivering.
Many hours later, in a tumbled bothy somewhere out of his reckoning, Julian collapsed exhausted into a heap of foul-smelling straw and tried to make sense of the thing his life seemed to have become.
“I do not doubt you can listen. And I trust you, too and that is a blessing beyond price. I have few people whom I can trust.”
Not for the first time, Harriet wished Kitty had spent some time on the study of human nature. From the outset Clarence had handicapped her in educating the girls. He laughed at her in front of them, making words trip awkwardly off her tongue, rendering the products of hard-won experience “Mama’s absurdities.”
“There was a fair; they’ll have told you as much. The Crown Prince was disguised as a travelling fiddler. The two of them met; they were close enough to touch. His grace took something from Hebron, flipped it over the parapet. It glinted as it fell. A knife or something of that sort, I reckon.”
“The King will be angry about a great many things in the near future.” He caught her hands, and drew her into his embrace. “He is already furious with Molly for losing the Betrothal Necklace.”
he had kept his reaction to himself.
– had been the Earl’s sister, and the Countess had, smilingly, referenced “his Grace, my brother” in their conversation. And she, scrupulous not to encroach upon a family’s still-fresh grief, had taken that assertion at face value. What an idiot she had been. Vultures and shrikes the lot of them, and her beloved their prey.
A little stir around the door was all the warning that Elizabeth received before the master of Pemberley entered the room. He had apparently abandoned fishing on learning from her uncle that she and Mrs Gardiner planned to call on Miss Darcy. To her embarrassment, Elizabeth found the eyes of all the others sliding from him to her and back again, ill-concealed speculation detectable on their expressions. Miss Bingley, now there was someone in the room whom she considered worthy of attention, thrust herself back into the centre of things.
Elizabeth’s knees trembled under her and she felt how little would be gained by her attempting to pursue her aunt and uncle. She stammered some barely coherent instructions to the servant, he vanished, and her knees gave way. She barely managed to reach a couch before collapsing, unable to support herself.
They had caught each other at it and exchanged the shaky smiles of soldiers who have beaten off one assault, but have no notion when or from which quarter the next will erupt.
“James Moriarty does not think that way.”
“That was his father. The manufactories were all sold up before Charles was born. He had completely the upbringing and education of a gentleman.”
Her aunt either did not hear, or chose to ignore the subtlety.
Molly made her voice gentle, but very firm.
Once again, Charles found himself feeling that a little less reserve on his friend’s part might conduce towards fewer complications all round.
The Crown Prince gestured with the glowing bowl of his pipe. “‘Great-aunt’? That has the right ring. Indeed, as matters stand in Gondal, you might class her the
Darcy drew a deep breath, like a man nerving himself to have a tooth drawn.
“Fire! Fire!”
“–was Mr Darcy’s connexion. Oh, how odious the man is! And how unfair that the King’s kin should be favoured in such a way and the King’s justice so subverted.”
Much cheered by the day, she ordered a carafe of ratafia and retired to her study to finish the letter to Lydia she had started that morning. None of her previous ones had yet received an answer, but she calculated that the festivities of which Wickham had spoken, the funeral games for Colonel Abruzzi, must now have happened, or would have done so by the time her letter arrived, at least, and Lydia was not one to miss the chance to talk over the shade of a departed party, not even by letter.
“You give it so long, sir?”
“Miss Elizabeth, my thanks for receiving me. You will, of course, have noted the very cold way in which Mr Darcy deigned to acknowledge me when we met in Meryton the other day. I thought you deserved an explanation. It is a painful subject, but since Mr Darcy must have given you his own views on our relationship while you were dancing, for my own credit I must endeavour to set the record straight.”
. If only he can –”
They did not taste the sweets of Elbe port that evening. Barely had they drunk their lemonade, eaten and praised the almond biscuits which accompanied it, unpacked their bags and seen their clothes safely consigned to the heavy, old-fashioned, cedar-wood presses than clouds were looming, dark and ominous, over the seaward horizon.
"But I – ma’am –”
“Any particular house?” The other woman’s effort to sound nonchalant was a lamentable failure. Harriet leant across the rough boards of the wineshop table, scarcely noting that her sleeve dipped into a spilled puddle of Angrian red from the shared flask.
“Answer?” he croaked.
“Mostly, I feel dreadful,” Charis said with precision. "Nauseous, exhausted and irritable. However, there are some intervals which when I feel
“At once, ma’am.” He poured three cups. “Take whichever you fancy: we don’t deal in poisons here but I know it won’t be what you’re used to.”
“There, look there. The officer on that magnificent black horse. Surely he must be the colonel?”
What a triumph for him, she often thought, could he know that the proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago, would now have been most gladly and gratefully received. Why only now could she understand he was exactly the man who would most suit her? And why, after giving her mercifully little trouble about Mr Darcy when he had been living less than a league and a half away, had Mama now got this bee into her bonnet about match-making him to her?
Sensing she had been cast as
“And will you, ma’am?”
Frances cast a quick look up and down the Cathedral transept. There was no-one within earshot. “Ma’am, if you would do me a great favour – I find myself in need of advice and – and a friend told me that there was no lady at Court whose advice was better worth hearing.”
Clarence wrinkled his nose.
Charlotte blinked a mute appeal across the dining table.
“Might you pass down my parasol, please, and my sketching bag? We cannot stay in this stuffy coach, not if we are not moving for turns. And I am sure Coachman John will wish to unhitch and bate our horses, to prepare them against the journey ahead, since we cannot proceed at present.”
“There is indeed, Trooper Potts.” Sarge popped up besides them, with the shiny red face and screwed up eyes which they had all come to know as danger signs. "The trouble being, as he’s fishing, he’s not in his cottage, being as there aren’t no fish there, until he catches them, on account as they are still in the river. And the local fishing beats happen to be about five leagues long and wander all over the place splitting off bastard branches like an alley cat what’s been taking lessons from Lord Lestrade. So I need to send some of you useless layabouts to find the sawbones and bring him back to Pemberley because that’s the King’s own cousin on her sickbed in the house up there and it’ll be on us if we don’t deliver her safe and healthy to her loving family in the capital. So, Trooper Potts, you’re going upstream along that branch there. Trooper Musgrave, downstream along the main flood. Trooper Crosier, upstream along the other branch. Trooper Ferris –”
It had been on the journey back from Netherfield, she recalled with a sharp pang, that she had started to miscarry. A son, the midwife had told her later, as if by way of consolation. Her one and only miscarriage; her one and only son. Five girls had followed, their robust health perpetual reproach to her. She would not have
Gracefully, Lady Anthea inclined her head. “How unexpected to see you here. His Grace – we all supposed you to be still in the country. How may I assist you?”
Taking this for the pointed hint it clearly was, Peter allowed himself to be shepherded into a small closet where a bowl of steaming, scented water, towels and soap were already laid out. An appalled glance in the looking glass which had also been provided showed him how wise the butler had been. He could hardly uphold the might of the King’s commission covered in white dust and with his hair sticking to his head with sweat. He took rather longer than he had intended but felt much the better for it, almost up to the task before him.
Jonathan regained control over his voice with an effort. “I can walk by myself, thank you. No need of shoving.”
stuck in her throat. For the life of her, she could not utter them. She swallowed, hard. ”And the cousin of the Crown Princess of Gaaldine."
“Papa and Mr Collins have breakfasted already. The morning was so fine and dry, and Mr Collins was anxious to show Rosings Park to Papa. We enjoy the greatest freedom to roam the park, you know. He wanted me to wake you and Maria so we could all go together, but Maria was so done up from travelling yesterday that I did not have the heart. Also, as I pointed out, the gentlemen will be able to see so much more without having to slow their steps to match ours.”
“Miss Elizabeth. Would you – might I have the honour of the next dance?”
Destiny, then, was little more than three leagues away, rolling down the road to meet him on cumberous, iron-tyred wheels. He nodded, dry-mouthed.
“And may God have mercy on your souls, for you can expect none from me if you fail in this of all missions,” the c/o had finished, crisply.
“I may consider that, later this evening. Thank you again, Mrs Reynolds.”
The Earl gaped like a landed salmon. Darcy repressed an inconvenient urge to giggle.
To the Countess’ alarm, her niece took two decisive steps towards the giant and his prisoner.
“Oh, yes. Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy. Say that urgent business calls us home immediately. Conceal the unhappy truth as long as it is possible. I know it cannot be long.”
The very air thickened in his nostrils, like the smoke of battle. The choice opening before him – that sort of decision was for the King’s Council, the Crown Prince, the King himself –
The tarnishing of Miss Hooper’s reputation by the news that she had been playing high and forced to pawn some less important jewels was all that was needed to put the capstone on the scandal, since it enabled everyone to concur
“Do they have one, this far out in the wilderness?” Trooper Ferris, who had been forced to enlist following what he genteelly referred to as “unfortunate confusion” surrounding the accounts of a bookseller in Gondal Town, had adopted an impossibly refined urbanity as the only way for him to survive in the army. Trooper Musgrave found Ferris amusing, informative and generally harmless, but avoided engaging in games of chance where he was a participant.
“I shall be sure to let her know,” Elizabeth promised, and made her escape upstairs. Jane’s prolonged absence in Gondal Town made their shared bedroom chill and forlorn. No wonder Uncle John’s letters been such a beacon. She had only meant to write once, in a vague spirit of defiance, to show in some way she did not even understand herself that she was on the side of Mr Wickham against Mr Darcy. To strike a blow for Jane. She had not expected to find her uncle so understanding. He was older than Mama and divided from her not just by age but by masculine preoccupations in which Elizabeth could play no part. His letters, though, had proved quite the reverse. Sometimes, it felt like writing to Jane, albeit a Jane informed by knowledge of the wider world. Such a one, no doubt, as Jane could have become, had she only married Mr Bingley and taken her rightful place among the cream of Gondal’s society.
“Mama! Not so quickly! Or you’ll go off again. Oh, I thought we were going up Belmont too fast, but you
me, in such circumstances?”
While all the other arguments that Lady Catherine deployed had struck her as weak and frivolous, the news that Miss Molly Hooper had surrendered so great a sum as 150,000 thaler from her dowry to ransom Georgiana had been a thunderbolt. Such a singular act of generosity might be supposed to deserve an equally singular response. Lady Catherine had waxed eloquent on the probable damage to her nephew’s public credit were he known to have jilted (as she termed it) her adopted daughter in such circumstances. As Elizabeth knew the horror Mr Darcy had of exposing his inner self to the world’s scrutiny, in approaching him in this manner Lady Catherine must be approaching him on his weakest side.
“What, is he coming home, and without poor Lydia? Sure he will not leave Gondal Town before he has found them. Who is to fight Wickham, and make him marry her, if he comes away?”
“Did you learn much about the household where she’s been staying?”
“It would hardly do the Church credit were I to be unaware of an event of such moment.”
That came out more testy than he had planned. Perhaps the nagging pain in his shoulder
that those prim, decorous girls were always the worst when they got the opportunity and
Nor did she have the comfort of her aunt and uncle. Mr Gardiner declared that, knowing Gondal Town better than her father, he needed his assistance in seeking Jane, and his wife said Jane looked worn out with care and the least she could do was to take themselves and the children off her shoulders. Their carriage left Longbourn within a scant ten hours of entering it, leaving Elizabeth and Jane in charge of the house.
“Then I am trebly glad I heeded her warning. And that – on her suggestion – I gave my winnings from that evening to alleviate the sufferings of the poor of Gondal Town.”
The stranger waited, courteously silent, until at length Julian raised his head from his hands.
“And would you also say they speak truth if I said I had heard they also hate those of southern Gondal, those of the Court most of all; that their loyalty, hard won as it is, is equally hard lost and that they detest change?”
“But where do I come in?”
“Mrs Duplessis trusts you are in health. She asked me specifically to tell you so. But leaving that aside, Molly,
) in his capacity as almoner to the shrine. He will forward it to you, of course. Get word to me instantly. We shall be staying
“Fight? How can we fight
And, understood, be able to detect any potential eavesdropper before they got within earshot.
“Misfortunes of your infliction. You have reduced him to his present state of poverty—comparative poverty. You have withheld the advantages which you must know to have been designed for him. You have deprived the best years of his life of that independence which had been not merely promised to him, but which he deserved. You have done all this, and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortune with contempt and ridicule.”
She shrugged. “Call it an advance on my dowry. I told you my family’s credit passes good throughout the three kingdoms, didn’t I?”
She wrung her hands.
Cold chill struck at her heart. “Colonel Fitzwilliam is ordered south? Is it – has war with Gaaldine come so soon?”
betrayed his new patron, the Pretender. A man who then has run from the consequences to reach the only person whose detestation of the Pretender might cause her to take him in, rather than shun him as a double-traitor, a scorpion who cannot but sting whoever comes within reach.”
By the time she was up and around again following her lying in, Sir Vernon himself had entered a sharp decline. Not long after it was bruited about the district that Sir Vernon was unwell, Sir Vernon was laid to rest. His daughter was packed off to stay with her mother’s relatives: relatives so great and proud they had never taken the smallest particle of interest in the girl during her father’s lifetime. Netherfield Park remained empty, save for occasional short-term lettings to tenants who arrived in the district in a little flurry of importance and departed with no fanfare six months or a year later.
“We’ll take you there. I am Georgiana’s brother. No, don’t waste your strength. Trust us: you are with friends now. Sergeant! Give me your six strongest men. The rest of you keep searching for the remains of the coach. As for me, I shall return to Pemberley.”
were the reason no courier had come. But no, the death of a Duke of Malham was like a great tree falling, whose wreck brings half the hillside down in ruin. Some intimation of so great a disaster must have reached Zalona, courier or no courier. Crispian would have seen Julian received the first news of any faltering in Papa’s health, let alone allowing such a catastrophe to sweep over him unannounced.
He nodded. “Trust me, your secret is safe, and I hope things may have been misrepresented and everything will soon look brighter for you and your family shortly. Give my very best wishes to your aunt and uncle, and to your sister Jane. God bless!”
Mr Darcy almost essayed a smile.
Curious: it seemed Molly was
Elizabeth sprang from her seat, anxious to follow her uncle and enlist his help as soon as possible. As she reached the door it was opened by a servant, and Mr. Darcy appeared.
“To Julian d’Ancona, twelfth duke of Malham.”
“Miss Darcy? I am honoured to meet you. We all admired your drawings yesterday, when we visited Pemberley. I wish I had your skill with paper and crayons.”
That produced a yelp of sheer horror.
“You are quite sure about this?” Darcy asked again.
Molly’s mouth was a set line. “Because the proponents of prudence and of recklessness are both in alignment on this one point: if war with Gaaldine
His sister leant across the harpsichord, thereby displaying, in her brother’s unbiased opinion, a quite unwonted expanse of cleavage for the benefit of the gentlemen by the fire.
“Belated, those condolences. He must have had that news a month.”
had heard of such a plan. She avoided his eyes.
Her entire life became abruptly proscribed. She might not eat cheese or sit in the sun but neither might she sit too long in the shade. Under the oppression of these conflicting proscriptions she felt she might run mad (except that too, it seemed, would harm the infant life her body shielded and was therefore also proscribed.)
“Ah, yes. This. I have told Mrs Hill we shall have a guest for dinner and to prepare a room for him. I cannot say whether he will attend the ball but we have a spare ticket, in any event.”
Elizabeth half-wondered whether the emphasis he placed upon “entertainments” was born out of astonishment that the word might ever take a respectable position in a sentence which also included “Rosings.”
Had James Moriarty been privy to the opinions expressed in the sewing lofts and workshops of Gondal Town in the week leading up to the long-delayed State Ball, it is likely that the numbers of severed heads crowning the gates of the city for the crime of misspeaking the King would have trebled. The seamstresses of Gondal were a tight-knit sisterhood, however. Freely as they spoke among themselves, no word leaked to the King’s agents.
, I have the right to be angry until the
The phone rang again.
fan. Damn it, I’ve never gotten a date from groupie, but this? This is disappointing…"
John  flinched. He craned his neck to look. He
Except that John
Mrs. Hudson sat up and looked lovingly at John.
Sherlock said, "No. We'll take some cases. I think it will be good for us to get back in a routine."
"You mean as….parents." John's face was incredulous. "Like. Co-parents."
“I don’t exactly go carousing every night like some kid,” John muttered, not even opening his eyes.
and tried to shoot himself." He paused. "He  wanted
John waited expectantly, tense.
“Sherlock, I’m not a travel agent. I can’t
But Sherlock was not face-down on the floor  in a pool of his own blood. He was not slumped against the wall with a  needle in his arm. The bathroom was empty.
John backed up only a hair. “Of course you’re gay,” he said matter-of-factly. “You never wanted kids until I said something.”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
, wasn't it? Better than being blown up in an armored vehicle in Afghanistan, yes? Better than the floor of a squalid dive flat with a needle stuck in his arm? Better than in a nursing home, pissing and shitting themselves helplessly, at the mercy of impatient hospice staff, dying one at a time and leaving the other to suffer in misery and dementia fifty years from now, their careers over, their victories forgotten?
I can’t…put it into words. You ‘solved’ my problem as effortlessly as a case. I should have known. I never should have let myself despair. When have you ever let me down?”
“Don’t open the door,” Sherlock warned.
Sherlock hated the look of John drinking alone. It was miserable. His angry, hate-filled expression aged him ten years. And Sherlock had the sudden sense if did nothing to intervene now, right now, this
Sherlock said, “So…he called your home, looking for you? And he got Clara instead?”
Sherlock tossed his head dramatically, letting his curls bounce. He puffed out his chest. “Ah, yes. I thought…I thought it was clever. I really hoped you’d like it.”
Something hit the back door with such force that the window rattled and the door jams jumped. John saw the wood in the door
"The gentleman asked for privacy," the nurse answered in a tone that suggested the conversation was over.
"No,  mate, it isn't." Lestrade's face was deeply regretful. "I've felt rotten  about it ever since. I'm sorry. I've been thinking long and hard about  how I had a part in all this and I could have done something but I  didn't." He jammed his hands in his pockets. "Everybody in my team's  been making jokes about Sherlock. I didn't correct it. I never stepped  in and said, 'Hey, be a professional' or 'Shut up or I'll break your  face,' like I should have. I didn't think he was gay, but you know, they  all think he's a ponce and they've been calling him nasty shit to his  face."
Sherlock sat up, scowling, face growing red. "I was not!"
John hesitated. "You may continue to assume that."
“No,” Sherlock said, resting his chin on the crown of John’s head, practically purring in contentment. “What were you doing?”
"I'll  put coffee on." When John returned to his chair, he had two steaming  mugs. He silently offered one to Sherlock.
No. End it tonight.
, our child is brilliant. He is
Sherlock was still up. He had  filled the notebook with his new name. "You're stomping," Sherlock  observed dryly from the sofa, laptop perched on his thighs. "Did Sarah  ask you to leave? Were you belligerent?" He sniffed, smelling alcohol.  "God. Are you drunk?"
John didn’t remember climbing out of bed, but he was already hiking up yesterday’s trousers he’d left on the floor, wrinkled and cold from the chilly air. “W-what happened?"
"Do you want a boy?" Sherlock asked off-hand. "You keep saying 'him' all the time."
"John, you were my best friend," Sherlock wheezed, despondent and grieved and thankful. He realized he'd spent half of his life in the service of John Watson, and it had been so much worthwhile than when he'd lived for himself. "I've missed you so much."
John sat up straight. He waited. Listened. Listened long enough to start to relax back into his arm chair.
He furiously took every case that caught his scent. He almost never turned away a client. He even took cases that…really, were not 'cases' at all, not things a private detective would tackle. But Sherlock Holmes developed a reputation as a man who could solve problems.
There were two ways in, one where they'd just entered, and another that led into a corridor at the other end of the center, leading to the patients' rooms. A large sign over head read "No Visitors Past this Point." Sounds of muffled crying and dull thuds echoed up that hallway. John thought about the misery neatly tucked away in those rooms. Undoubtedly, Sherlock was there, somewhere.
Lestrade asked, "So why is it okay today? Why are you okay right now but not then?"
John nodded slowly.
"You tell me."  Mycroft stepped out of the flat and began down the stairs. "Despite  Sherlock's poor social skills, the two of you got along just fine before  he told you he was gay."
. That's the hardest thing. There's so many ways a person can go wrong. And if they're decent, you're a saint for bringing them into the world. You blessed the whole human race. If I could have a kid and have him or her grow up into a respectable human being, I'd be over the moon. If they were a little slow…if they were a
"Um. No. Just. Reading up on the old ones."
Sherlock squirmed and pushed. “I forgot all about that already! My world doesn’t revolve around your sentimental whims!”
John slowly thirded the wave.
John approached Sherlock from behind. He eyed the dish rack and a hand towel crumpled on the counter. He picked up the towel and plucked up one dripping, clean plate and began to dry it. "There's nothing routine about our lives when we have cases," John pointed out.
Sherlock shut his phone indignantly. “Goddamn it.” He folded his arms over his head. He paced and thought. He spotted John’s laptop on the leather arm chair. Sherlock practically dove for it. He opened it and powered it on, coaxing it anxiously, “Come on, come on.” In a few minutes, he had loaded
Harry just smiled.
with. He remained untidy, demanding and obsessive. He was still a  pleasure to be with and his impulsive adventures remained John's most  relished delight. Gay, not gay, none of that changed. Their daily  routines didn't change. And now that the truth was known (only between  the two of them, Sherlock had impressed firmly upon John his wish for  privacy on the subject as he navigated coming out at his own pace)  Sherlock acted as if nothing had happened.
provide a child with a disability?"
of heartbroken teenagers." She glanced up at Sherlock. "And a lot of  young, gay men." She paused. "Everybody commits suicide for the same  reason. They think they don't have any alternative. They think they're  going to suffer for the rest of their lives, just like the people who  jumped from that office building. Can't people see that most problems,  while real and serious, are temporary? How can they get so overwhelmed  by a fleeting situation that all they see is
Sherlock  continued; "Let's forget this ugliness. I forgive you. I hope you  forgive me." He reached out a nudged John's elbow. "Turn around and  shake my hand and let's agree to not be angry anymore." He held out his  hand expectantly.
John outside in the dirt, in a box,
how long they waited before jumping,  all burned and terrible. They must have been so scared." She sighed. "I  don't begrudge those poor people for jumping. They were going to die  anyway. So for the remainder of their lives, they would suffer,  languishing in unbearable pain, never to be relieved. Logical end,  really."
Sherlock said, “You
He wanted to think about Harry. He wanted to carefully reflect upon their encounter.
why I don’t want to adopt. You said to me that your preference was for us to adopt because if
“You!” Chatterjee thundered from the kitchen, darting up to the counter. “How could you show your scheming face down here again?!”
Sherlock ignored her. He continued to fiddle. A minute later, he "thumped" the phone back into her chest. "There," he huffed. "You're welcome."
In the dark, Sherlock was just a faint outline;  shoulders, hair.
male specimen. This isn’t a reflection of your manhood.”
John offered, slowly, "You know. I don't have to be  your brother to keep your confidence. You can tell me anything."
Sherlock mopped up the sauce on his plate with his roll, popped it in his mouth. All while quite purposely staring at John.
John went still.
who were
John looked at Lestrade, then to Mrs. Hudson, his bravado wilting under their hot, stern gazes. He looked at Molly and she was giving him the same look. "Sorry. I…I know that," he admitted. "I didn't mean it." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't know where that came from."
John paced  anxiously in the behavioral science unit lobby, face grim, mouth taut.  He compulsively looked at the clock with every turn, making time crawl.  Nine am couldn't come fast enough.
“No, more of a precaution rather than a practicality,” Sherlock assured him.
As Sherlock climbed up the stairs, “Just a little privacy for now.” He crested the landing, feeling a little numb. He saw their door was ajar. He nudged it open with his elbow, careful not the spill the coffee. “John?” he called cautiously “John?”
try and solve your problems. It's like pre-divorce. Me and Clara went through it."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
for a minute. I bet I could laugh like this all the time if you  were my brother. I bet it would always feel as good as it does right  now."
Sherlock jumped because he thought he'd been alone in  the morgue. The light had been off in Molly's office. The diminutive  brunette in the rumpled lab coat breezed through the morgue swiftly, the  rushing air in her wake causing caught Sherlock's coat, and it billowed  as she passed.
John took a cautious step forward and reached out tentatively and placed his hand on Sherlock’s elbow. His expression was perplexed and sad.
When  Sarah's living room grew dim, John was startled awake by the chime on  his phone. He'd left it on the arm of the sofa, very close to his ear.  When he went off, he sat up like a shot. "God." Grumbling, he took up  the phone. He rubbed his eyes. Then he read the text.
"Because she's a
Molly's small, awkward mouth twitched. "You…you tried to warn me about Jim. You said that to hurt me, too."
, like maybe God didn't know who Sherlock was, or maybe John just wanted to make sure God didn't confuse him with all the other Sherlocks in the world and inadvertently save the wrong one.
Wordlessly, the older Sherlock fished something from out of his pocket. "Here. You'll remember this." He produced a bottle with one pill inside it. "I went back to the school after you and John and the police cleared out and I found the missing pill that you dropped."
Sherlock wrenched his hand away. “No.”
But seeing the rusty iron tables and chairs in front of Speedy's, Sherlock came to a sudden stop. He walked over slowly and put his hands on the back of one of the chairs and leaned there. After a moment, he sat down. He turned his face up and felt the warm sunshine against his haggard cheeks. He thought of all the breakfasts, lunches and dinners with John shared here. He thought of all the times with Mrs. Hudson as she aged, as she grew frail. The coffee with Lestrade as the graying D.I. tried to keep in touch with Sherlock even as they drifted apart. Molly, a few times, even after she married.
“Enjoy,” Billy said, stepping away.
Harry waited.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "I'm not sure," he said after a beat.
important to me, regardless of whatever logical argument you can make."
you, too, you faggot."
, boy?"
Sherlock said, his voice impossibly small, “When I recognized your face, lit up by the glow of the swimming pool, I remember all my adrenaline melting from my limbs."
“In…danger from whom?”
out and asks for
“Seriously?”
Sherlock turned off the coffee pot. He looked out the kitchen window.
. You just said it!"
John said anxiously,  "Just…Jesus, navigate the conversation like an adult and try not to be  completely offensive! And if he
But he could see his future now. Clearly. All laid out in front of him, and all he needed to do was rise from his seat and meet it. And it was comforting, because it was the right thing to do. Because it was the most sincere and loving thing he was capable of. Because he still loved Sherlock. He loved Sherlock very much and he wanted Sherlock to have a happy life. John's hang-ups were his own and nothing for Sherlock to sort out. Sherlock had his own challenges ahead. This was for the best.
Mycroft walked forward slowly. "What happened?"
John's vision  swam.
"Charles Dickens."
John set down the platter and settled to continue his meal.
"No.  This solution brings me a deep sense of satisfaction. I have not struggled with this since I first thought of it."
at you,” Sherlock hissed, hiding behind the door frame of the sitting room.
Sherlock shook his head. "A complete and total fucking idiot."
John stood firm, one fist clenched, one holding tightly to his gun pointing at the floor. He set his jaw and rotated his shoulder, squaring up for a fight, or least letting anyone on the other side of the door know he was ready for a fight.
“John mentioned about that hat, how much you hate it.”  Harry paused. “I didn’t…realize we were meeting alone. I expected that John would be here, too.”
Lestrade said, "So…what? It's all forgiven, then? Just like that."
, we'll have to save for university!"
John's smile drooped. He felt like he was missing something.
The illusion of intimacy was shattered instantly. “Woah!” Sherlock drew back violently, wide-eyed. He scrambled off the couch and banged his knee against the coffee table, sending papers and books toppling over, but Sherlock continued to limp away in a panic until he had fled halfway across the room. “What are you doing?!” he demanded.
Sherlock exclaimed gleefully, "Harry, you're brilliant! Or a witch! You've done in twenty minutes what our therapist hasn't been able to do in a dozen sessions and I haven't been able to do in my whole life; put into words
rather than on Sherlock’s foot. The boiling, rank, oily–yellow experiment splattered all over Sherlock’s face.
John asked, "You wouldn't mind a little thing crawling around, making a racket?"
"The adoption process is messy these days. And expensive." John sighed. "But surrogacy is far more expensive. It's a small fortune. It's all pie in the sky. I couldn't afford any of it, even during our most lucrative cases. I'm just day-dreaming."
Sherlock said pointedly, "Promising him my unconditional friendship, telling him he was my brother, all while taking advantage of his feelings for me, attacking his dignity, and undermining his happiness and mocking his future." Sherlock began to type slowly. "I agree. Inexcusable."
Sherlock soothed. “Mrs. Hudson will have a new boyfriend by the end of the year, and by that time she’ll forget all about kicking you out.”  Sherlock hooked his pinky playfully around Chatterjee’s accusing finger. “But I’ll tell you what: you let me talk to her. I bet I can smooth it all over.”
"Why?"
"But your deductions are not
Suddenly, John’s bedroom door opened upstairs. “You okay? Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
John absorbed it. He tried to remember his last  venture to Baker Street. He'd just gone straight up to his room, didn't  even greet Sherlock who'd been sitting quietly at the kitchen table in  front of his chemistry set. He'd just assumed Sherlock was deep into a  case. If Sherlock wanted him for something, he would have shouted to  him. But Sherlock just ignored John like he always did. John ignored  Sherlock in return. But now John thought about how Sherlock hadn't even  turned around to look at him, how he had just sat quietly without saying  or doing anything. John wondered how long he'd been sitting there and  if he'd actually been
...who was this man?  Anything else, John reasoned. Anything else would have been okay.  Make-up, lingerie, ridiculous outright sassy behavior, anonymous  hook-ups, flirting, any number of embarrassing behaviors…John would have  been okay with that. But not this.
Sherlock sat quiet. "If that's true, why are you happy that she's agreed to be our surrogate mother?"
"Mycroft Holmes," he reminded her. "Sherlock's elder brother."
“Okay, okay,” John said, feeling breathless. “Just…”
"I didn't go seeking him out," Molly said over Lestrade's shoulder at John. "He came to
221b Baker Street, London NW1.
John howled, the  driver's arm snaking around his neck. "Mycroft! Mycroft! You can't keep  me away!"
John blurted, "We haven't had a case in long while. How are we doing for money?"
Sherlock was practically chasing after her, but he was losing enthusiasm now as he caught sight of his friends, his strides shrinking.
," under his breath.
Sherlock said fervently,  "You got a lot of free time on your hands now, right? Do this for me."  He shrugged off his coat and shoved it into her hands. "My key is in the  pocket. Come in the morning to my flat. I'll be in the bathroom. I'll  leave the door cracked. When you find me, call the police and say I left  the coat here tonight and you were returning it to me and that's how  you found me. No one will question it." He straightened himself up.  "Cry. Pretend to be distraught. Maybe it will shame the hospital into  letting you keep your job."
?  For
"Yes, I'll get it." He went to the desk. The drawer  opened easily, unlocked. John sighed. Yes, Sherlock had picked the lock,  an easy feat. But the gun was still inside. "He…he picked the lock,"  John said, "but he….put the gun
…into our lives?” Sherlock asked forlornly.
"What?" Lestrade said. "Why would someone do that?"
Sherlock said defensively, "I'm not treating you with aggression or hostility…"
"Well,
Sunlight warmed Sherlock's back. He waited.
"I  don't know what that means." Sherlock turned the laptop back around and  read until he found his place. "I wrote in my notes if you said  anything I didn't understand, I shouldn't nod or make any false gestures  to placate you but instead be honest about my short comings and  limitations..."
"What's five minutes of  waiting?" she replied. "He's not going anywhere."
recovery, my own coping mechanisms for the PTSD and the survivor's guilt. But all I felt was an overwhelming sense of normalcy. Punctuated by moments of déjà vu. I wasn't
“Sherlock? You said you’d clear the dishes in the morning…what’s that
"It did."
“Sherlock.
“What?”
Harry cocked her head. "Wake up every morning? 'Morning sweet heart.' Give each other pecks on the cheek? Fake the sex, smile for the photos, and wait for him to die?"
John lifted his head from the toilet, his pajama shirt drenched in sweat. “Please go away.”
is what I can't stand about you. Your mood swings and your general disregard for tidiness and hygiene and your inability to understand why body parts shouldn't share the same shelf space as the food we eat, your inability to compromise, your entitled attitude, your laziness. You're not a good man and you don't what it takes to be a good father or a good role model, so,
“John goes on and on about you,” Harry finished.
“You haven’t had your breakfast!” Harry cried.
be John in ten years; drunk and alone and aching from regret, feeling cheated by life.
When the gunshot rang out, Sherlock held his breath. The only sound that followed was a horrible gurgling sound. Then nothing. John had been shot in the chest, or the throat, and now there was no more suffering. There would never be any more suffering ever again.
relationship."
Sherlock exhaled audibly in disbelief, "Yes. That's…that's
"I don't feel like holding hands with you right now,"  Sarah said directly and firmly, facing back the way she was moving.
…and  crippling guilt for...
Hesitantly, Lestrade answered, "Yes…"
Sherlock paused. “Maybe that door.” He was quiet for a few moments. His eyes opened abruptly.
and his
"He posted that…on his
be fine."
Molly just stared at John.
.  You've always been sweet to people." She made a big, sweeping,  meaningless gesture with her hands, cupping the air, as if the whole of  their relationship was a tangible thing she could grasp. "I need  to…evaluate all
intervened and  encouraged Sherlock to see a doctor and, in a lucid moment, he
Sherlock understood the important of experiments. He pointed ahead of himself  "I saw my friend standing at the end of the hallway," he volunteered cautiously. "There."
much white smoke curling around the bottom of the pot, he thought it might
Sherlock put his arms down uncomfortably. He already knew where this conversation was headed and he didn’t like it one bit.
don't want to be alone with the insufferable, small-minded opinions of my acquaintances." He sighed. "I'm here," he offered with uncertainty, "because…I am hopelessly out of my depth.  And I know, rather to forge on ahead, unwilling to admit my ignorance, that I should be able to swallow my pride and do what even my most irritable, ignorant clients can do: seek help from an experienced consultant."
When Mrs. Hudson started ramming a broom handle against their floor and threatened to kick them out, Sherlock and John went still.
“Sure.”
"It's
) which now pooched above his belt, seeping and dribbling through the fabric, soaking his apron, trousers and pants, all the way down to his socks.
Oh God. John had just been murdered. And by the sounds of it, being tossed into a shallow grave.
"I'm not sorry!" John spat.
Sherlock was lead down the hall, past Awesome Black Nurse's station. As she buzzed the door open, she muttered in disinterest: "Fiduciary."
, so you could finally feel vindicated, knowing you at least lived openly as a lesbian while
. And it was so common that nobody cared about it except the involved parties. And it was thankless, miserable work. If Sherlock solved the “mystery” it generally left his clients disappointed and heartbroken. Nobody won. And people were really reluctant to pay to have their lives destroyed, no matter how anxious they seemed to want the truth in the beginning.
Startled, Sherlock felt himself pinned. He didn’t know what to do. John’s mouth was persistent. His kiss was close-mouthed, but very aggressive. Bruising. He wanted it to stop. He hated it. Sherlock was uncomfortable and miserable, and he was also aware he was going to remember this forever, and what a horrible, embarrassing thing to have to carry for the rest of his life. He was angry at John and also sad for him.
Willis waited.
“Non-obstructive azoospermia,” John said simply, emotionlessly.
Sherlock said, "John."
crime scenes."
John looked completely crushed.
Sherlock lost his nerve and didn't say it then.
John just blinked at Sherlock, toast still between his teeth.
Sherlock wiped his face with his shaking hands. He hadn't been called 'boy' in thirty years. "What kind of experiment…?"
but you don't
Harry's kitchen was painted an disquieting shade of red with a rooster motif peppered throughout. Cheery ceramic game birds stood watch on every flat surface, as well as chicken napkin holders, a chicken clock and black-and-white, checkered, chicken curtains. They ranged from realistic to exaggerated and should have looked merry but they glared at Sherlock and judged him.
Sherlock looked up at John in bewilderment, still holding the knife in his hand. "I fell," he said simply, dumbly. "It almost cut me."
He knew a bridge.
Ella put John on medication and John became more at home. The medicine didn't make John any happier, but it made him feel okay about not being happy. So he stopped searching for a job and didn't mind it that his pants were dirty and that there was a hole in his sleeve. No one judged him and no one had any expectations of him. He didn't disappoint anyone. And that was nice. He didn't write in his blog because he left his computer with Harry, so there weren't people constantly commenting about what he was doing with his life, which was fine because he wasn't doing anything.
was  the
Harry looked up at Billy sweetly and said, “Two plates of pancakes, please. And milk for me, when you get a chance, dear, and a refill of coffee for my new friend.” She beamed at Sherlock.
John unexpectedly leaned into Sherlock’s arm and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder, hooking an arm around Sherlock’s waist and giving a soft squeeze.
John said, “I won’t be angry. I know I overreacted the last time you relapsed. But you can trust me this time. Its totally understandable, with Mycroft dying like this, that you might slip up. I can help you.”
"Again," Mycroft suggested pleasantly, his  boiling anger neatly tucked away again, "I'm not interested." He gave  John's shoulder, the shoulder where he'd been shot, a firm and brotherly
" Just then John  lost his grip completely and he and the driver both fell onto the  sidewalk. Before the door could slam shut, John grabbed it to keep it  open. "They can't help but like him! Even though he's a selfish prick,  people like him anyway, people can't help but cheer for him and champion  him because he's smart and talented and he's
"It was alright,” Sherlock said dismissively, patting his chin with a napkin.
Mycroft's lips twitched. He steepled his hands, his  index fingers pressing pensively to his mouth. He didn't reply.
Sherlock looked at John blankly.
Sherlock sat up furiously. His face had blood smeared across it. He made an inhuman noise that sounded remarkably like a snarl. "You can't go! I won't let you!" He tried to gather his long legs under him, but he was dizzy and he reached up to grasp the butcher's block for support. "John! Don't you dare go out that door!" He touched his bottom lip softly and when he pulled his hand away, he was livid to find it bloody. "
"Well, fuck if
Sherlock's whole face scrunched up.
“John, I…I honestly hadn’t considered…”
"You're welcome. Please continue." Sherlock noted where his older self had set the hand gun down next to him. He thought about lunging for it, but he made no move for it. He eyed it for a long time.
"Can't  you just let me be mad at you? Can't I just be angry for a few hours  without having to decide if I want to break up with you?" She dug in her  pocket for her car keys as they crossed the street. "I think I have the  right to be disappointed. I thought….I dunno, that you were
"Sherlock, maybe…”
, despite his promises and despite  the evidence that justice and humanity could triumph over darker human  impulses like bigotry and intolerance. John didn't want to believe he  could harbor such ugly feelings. He loved Sherlock. He
, Sherlock's heel dragged into John's  toe and he lost his balance. His leg buckled and he fell, though as he  flew down he grabbed the hand rail, which broke his fall, then his grip  slipped and he crumbled a few steps down. The impact was less  spectacular than it potential could have and Sherlock was injury free,  not even a scrape or a bump on the head. Nonetheless, his pulse hammered  in his throat, his eyes wide.
John took one step down the stairs towards Sherlock,  nose-to-nose with the other man. "What you said. Shameless, mindless,  rutting animals. Like. We. All. Are. Like
Donovan stared at Lestrade, wide-eyed.
You want
"John," Sherlock said insistently.
“As far as I know.”
Instead,  Sherlock nudged John awake at three in the morning.
Their second therapy session went nowhere.
Finally, Sherlock stopped typing. "He
They didn’t let go of one another, but they didn’t continue fighting either. They breathed raggedly until they were calm. Neither made a move to get up.
John said, "I'm sorry. Tell Sherlock I'm sorry. I'm not the friend he needs. I'm nothing. Except this. I could have died in service of my country and been someone, been a hero." He began to walk towards the exit. "I have to go."
John nearly wheezed, wondering momentarily if he would be charged for smelling the damn stuff.
John smiled tentatively and thanked Mrs. Hudson with a nod and took Sherlock’s hand. They walked in silence up the stairs and went through their former nightly routine of preparing for bed in the loo. The Fall had been so long ago, and John had missed this bit of easy companionship with his best friend. John took a moment to peek in at Rosie sleeping in her crib in his old room. He touched her face tenderly before retreating back downstairs. Sherlock was waiting for him in the kitchen, fidgeting in place. After a couple moments he took a deep breath and met John’s gaze in question. He extended his hand again and John took it without hesitation. Sherlock led John into his bedroom, where they snuggled under the covers. Sherlock draped himself possessively over John’s chest and John ran his fingers through the nest of curls on Sherlock’s head, feeling content for perhaps the first time in his life. He was home.
should have been the end of the matter in question.
, making you scream my name, filling you…”
and struggled not to close his eyes.
“Greedy one, aren’t you? Can’t say I’m surprised,” John admonished, before Sherlock wrapped those sinfully long fingers around John’s prick and pulled at his raging erection. “Chist!”
Supporting data: Masturbatory Schedule increased to 3 times per week, using John’s cheap shampoo. Legs spread involuntarily when John seized arm and sexual invitation was made: tilt of neck, dilated pupils, increased heart rate, heated skin.
.” The man actually gripped the shift with serious force and jammed on the gas. The Aston Martin lurched forward and John hoped his brain would receive the message he still required oxygen. All his blood seemed to have taken a direct route to his prick and there was no way, none at all now, that Sherlock wasn’t aware of the effect this experience was having on John. He found himself squirming in his seat.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder and grinned darkly, his eyes glittering black in the sunlight from the window. “Just...making sure you’re ready for me.” He squeezed John’s cock and it was everything for John not to come right then. The sight of Sherlock’s wanton sexuality was not a sight he’d ever imagined, but one he would surely give his life to witness.
“Who?” John squeaked and shook his head. “Wait, the racecar driver?”
And so it went on for nearly a week since he and Sherlock had their little domestic over tikka masala. Each morning Sherlock would hold up his wrist for John’s inspection and John would name off another of his conquests ending with the phrase “not the murderer’s”. Each evening Sherlock would don another perfume and the scenario would repeat itself. The rancor between them calmed down a bit after the first few days, and John wasn’t mad--well not too mad--anymore. He’d rather enjoyed having a reason to touch Sherlock’s slender wrists and smell the scents he’d procured, nearly forgetting his annoyance they’d been acquired in the poor Monica’s seduction. It was a silly game really, and John realized to his chagrin that if he did ever happen to catch the murderer’s scent it would be over. Sherlock was still Sherlock, and barely looked up from what he was doing when he proffered his wrist for inspection, waiting only for John’s commentary before delving back into whatever sordid task he had in front of him. In a couple attempts to annoy Sherlock John would go into more detail about his former lovers, mentioning the color of the women’s hair, or perhaps their cup size. But on those occasions Sherlock jerked his hand back as though John intended to perform the sex acts on him. John shouldn’t have been surprised because Sherlock didn’t
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to whimper and John continued, “Wouldn’t--ah!--give you my come then though. Not the first time. You're going to beg for it.” Sherlock took a turn and John slowed his hand to grip his shaft as he fondled his bollocks with the other.
John scrubbed his face as the elderly Mrs. Fitz, having bravely received her flu shot, made her way out of the examination room. It had been a long day at the clinic, but not exhausting. John knew Sherlock would be in no condition to run amok through London’s alleyways chasing leads, so he consigned his expectations to a quiet evening at 221B Baker Street. Perhaps he could catch up some reading, or persuade Sherlock to watch some crap telly. John was a fantastic sick nurse. He retrieved his phone from the desk, intending to send Sherlock a text to determine if the can of chicken soup still remained uneaten before noting he’d received a text from his flatmate.
Sherlock’s body went rigid as he stood up from his chair and approached John warily. His body seemed closed off, as though covered in armor. “And, what results would you surmise I’ve gleaned from my studies?”
“2.5 kids and a white picket fence. I can’t be that for you, John,” came the muffled reply. A shudder ran through the man’s back and John could barely believe what he was seeing.
“The subject, eh? And what results were you expecting at the conclusion of your
Sherlock seemed to have found a proper “course” for his Aston Martin Experiment, and he turned to John and grinned before jamming his foot on the pedal. The sportscar roared to life and seemed happy for the exercise.
“Sorry,” John huffed. “Uh, Melissa Finiss. Not the ...not the murderer’s” He dipped his head and backed away from Sherlock, who watched him leave in silence.
John stepped out of the shower to retrieve his towel, fully sated and ready to have a rational, adult conversation with Sherlock over breakfast. Or, at least, he thought he was, until he smelled the strong musk of his flatmate on his towel. That bloody twat was still experimenting on him. This had gone on long enough.
Later that evening after work John returned to find Sherlock sitting at the kitchen counter again. “Got anything new on, Sherlock? Or will you be playing coy this evening?” The detective frowned and held out his wrist. John smelled it and licked his lips. “Patty Wilson, junior year. Not the murderer’s.”
At the crime scene John waited patiently for Sherlock to regale him with an explanation regarding how the murder happened, and where Lestrade could find the screwdriver assailant.
John felt his cheeks flush warm as Monica’s face lit, now clearly enjoying Sherlock’s proximity. Even sick Sherlock was a gorgeous specimen of a man. She twisted a fingertip around a lock of auburn curls on her neck and leaned in closer, seemingly enchanted by the detective. Sherlock knew his flatmate had a predilection for red-haired women so John cleared his throat and stepped forward competitively. “Yes, I’m afraid I wasn’t able to determine what it was, but it. Was. Enchanting.” John enunciated the last few words with a tap on the glass, meeting Monica’s eyes roguishly. She tittered her approval.
It had certainly triggered something in Sherlock. Being touched was grossly discouraged for all who knew him. With the exception of John of course. But John was his doctor. And his friend.
“Good evening,” Sherlock began and looked at the lady’s name tag, “Monica. My friend John here is looking for some perfume for his girlfriend.” He broke into a sheepishly delightful grin and added conspiratorially, “You see, he smelled the most exquisite fragrance the other day at a soiree but was unable to locate the wearer to ask the name of the scent.”
But then Sherlock shifted gears and John looked down and sucked in a breath. Sherlock wasn’t gripping the knob of the gearshift from the top. No, he just had to be gripping the...shaft. Sherlock released it and spun the wheel with practiced motion.
has given me every indication she’s willing to be more than helpful in this area. She’s already given me her number to contact her when I run out of samples.”
“In part, perhaps. But it was the Crown Princess I had in mind. I think of her often; more since I came to Meryton. Did you know, in some lights you almost have a look of her? Though she was but a child when I saw her last, she, too, showed promise of having uncommonly fine eyes.”
To conceal her expression, she looked down at the floor. The polished wood was as familiar as her own skin. There was the never-smoothed dent where Kitty had managed to overset a stone urn and nearly crushed her foot in the process. That darker patch was from an unsuccessful experiment in walnut-oil polish. The Duplessis family had mapped its history onto the house, yet when Papa died, she and her sisters would no longer have any right to enter it. Footnotes, indeed. Had the Crown Princess taken her last look at the Palace in Gondal Town in a similar spirit?
A sudden pricking of tears told Elizabeth – if she even had any doubt – her true answer; she only hoped her duck of the head had sufficed to conceal her thoughts.
“It seems like a profitable line of business.”
Julian paused for a second. Then he nodded again. “That, too, is true.”
“Molly, please. After all, had but Providence allowed, we would have grown up together, as equals. Are we not all the daughters of gentlemen of Meryton?”
At the unfamiliar, brittle tone in Mrs Annesley’s voice, Georgiana’s eyes flew wide open. There was nothing strange about her companion’s expression: she was the same calm, gentle personas ever. Yet — this was what justice demanded, after all, and it turned out it was no easier to say to one woman in a deserted summerhouse than it had been to declare to the serried ranks of Gondal, as she had been forced in her dreams.
Harriet found herself hard-pressed not to giggle. In her terror at the thought of leaving her girls unprovided for, in her utter despair at Clarence, who
“The law? Madam, the law is administered by the King’s justices and his late Grace –” He left the sentence delicately hanging, but Elizabeth completed it.
“For the moment.” That half-admission offended his soldier’s soul; he felt the need to amplify. “The Abruzzi affair cut deep. The man was well-liked. I have heard it said he never spent a life needlessly, nor one unmourned.”
His account of Wickham’s early life and connections with the Pemberley family differed from Wickham’s own only in that Wickham had, if anything, understated the degree of interest the late Mr Darcy had taken in his young protégé. He had indeed treated Wickham as a second son, sending him to the University in white-steepled Zalona where, free from the constraints of home, Wickham had somehow ingratiated himself into a fast, aristocratic set, who inclined towards Prince James as the promise of all that was novel and fashionable.
you were. No, ma’am. Direct is best. I’ve information that’s to your advantage and it’s my job to see you hear it.”
Giulio nodded. “For all I can say different. That same day, the day before the ball, I collected and delivered the counterfeits to Miss Hooper. That done, I left town. The Earl was due to leave for his country estates the morning after the State Ball. Miss Hooper was invited but detests shooting parties, so she asked me to go down to Elbe and ensure the seaside villa was able to receive her. I reached Elbe late on the night of the Ball, and having put all in hand there, left it by midday the day after. I was to stay overnight at Charlescut Halt.”
“It is not merely this affair on which my dislike is founded. Long before it had taken place, my opinion of you was decided. Many months ago Mr Wickham revealed the kind of man you are. On this subject, what can you have to say? In what imaginary act of friendship can you defend yourself on that point?”
“Sir, perhaps it might be advisable if we took a tour of the battlements? We can assess the situation as it develops from there.”
The promised diversion came a day and a half later. Peter was still a bit wobbly on his feet, but had been allowed out to sit in the sunshine in the courtyard, under the relaxed supervision of one of the Duke’s men who, while keeping an eye on Peter, was occupying himself in sorting through old bits of horse tack, and deciding which bits to set aside for mending, and which were beyond repair. Deciding that this was neither beneath his dignity as an officer nor contrary to Army Regulations on assisting the enemy, Peter volunteered to join him and found the experience unexpectedly congenial.
For every puissant prince must be in want of a wife.
“That’s no way to talk about your intended. ’Specially when it’s not true. You lost Castle Lestrade, all by yourself. I told you to send for reinforcements, not go out after the reivers yourself.”
sharpened his tone.
Horace’s eyes twinkled. “Little one, if you live among warriors, you will earn nicknames. And there are worse things to be called. How would anyone provision a garrison without its quarter-masters?”
Bile rose in Charlotte’s throat. She recalled modest ‘Mary Arba’, sketching on the quayside at Elbe, one of three gentlewoman of Elbe enjoying a holiday by the sea. She recalled a warm, friendly voice, marred by a persistent dry cough. She thought of a necklace she had never seen, pictured huge square-cut stones in archaic settings. Pictured old blood turned black in each crevice of those settings.
“Good God! what is the matter?” He caught her elbow. “I will not detain you a minute; but let me, or let the servant go after Mr and Mrs Gardiner. You are not well enough; you cannot go yourself.”
The servants directed him to the chapel. It was in darkness save for the pool of candlelight in the sanctuary, from which rose the low mutter of the priest saying Mass. He half-expected to hear the Requiem. As he rode, his mind had repeatedly returned to
Mr Collins’ letter built to a crescendo which Elizabeth, albeit reading with mounting anger at his presumption, could not but admit to be more true than it was kind:
The Earl had even commanded a regiment in his youth: had, indeed, formed part of the military escort for Princess Felicia when with one decisive stroke she had stopped an incipient civil war in its tracks by riding across two opposing battle lines to propose marriage to her royal cousin Ambrosine. He had shot with the late Duke of Malham and with Darcy’s father. If anyone knew Malham lands and the military conundrum they presented, that man was the Earl.
A grey-clothed woman – no, he corrected, a grey-clothed lady – looked up from her embroidery as he entered, rose, and dropped him a curtsey. He boggled; she had to be at least in her thirties, if not her forties. An older sister of Mr Darcy of Pemberley – a half-sister, perhaps? But his orders – he resisted the temptation to feel for them inside his uniform jacket, though it was a struggle – had surely emphasised the
He took a deep breath, and told her everything, as he had heard it: the cardinal with the bee in his bonnet about illegitimacy, the opinion that mere propinquity of the reputed parents during the relevant time was not determinative of legitimacy in the offspring, the accident which had happened to that opinion aboard ship, up to and including the reconstitution – forgery, indeed – of the Papal seal, with a highly unorthodox addition to make up the bulk of the wax.
“We manage tolerably. Meryton is a quiet district, and so we have learnt to make the most of such little sensations as come our way and not to fret overmuch when they go. By this time next year, the regiment’s visit will have passed into local legend; of
“Who the devil are you?”
Her aunt took this as a civil hint the housekeeper had duties she must be about. They gave their thanks, and were handed into the care of the gardener, to be shown the pleasure-grounds. They had, though, barely crossed the paved area in front of the house (her uncle had just turned to admire the front elevation, and speculate about the date of the building) when its master himself turned the corner from the stables, barely twenty paces in front of Elizabeth.
Holy Mother, the impudence of the man! She curbed her impulse to spit.
deny me.”
With a quick thrumming of hooves, a second black-clad masked man rode into the forecourt, towing another horse behind him. In the same swift movement, the giant swept up the two cases, bowed mockingly to Molly, and leapt astride the second mount.
Fireflies began to re-appear in the throat of the gorge.
She favoured him with her most dazzling smile. It almost, Harriet thought, out-dazzled the sapphires in her ears. No man, no normal man, at any rate, no matter how much pain he might be in, was capable of withstanding
are we to answer?”
“James Moran is dead. I did not kill him, though if it protects the one who did I am happy to be blamed.” He paused. “I can, however, take the credit of returning him to his native land. And to his King. In a manner befitting both men.”
The earrings slid into Jane’s ears and lay along the cream-coloured skin of her neck as though they had been crafted for her, and her alone. Clarence’s courting gift, Harriet thought, and in those days she had been as fair as Jane and her eyes bluer –
“You take an eager interest in that gentleman’s concerns.”
Darcy’s voice shook a little, and small wonder. The Crown Prince of Gondal, dead these thirty years, had been by repute a monster. Who could say what truths underlying the lurid legends were known to the Royal family and their connexions? Charles’ wealth had gained him the entrée into polite society but the higher reaches of Court still eluded him, much to Caroline’s frustration.
A sheet from Papa’s portfolio of maps unrolled before the eye of her imagination. At the bottom was a hand-tinted scene of men and women in the dress of thirty years ago, who stood on a riverbank and marvelled at the single span crossing the gorge above their heads. She knew exactly where that small town was.
But he was not a bad man, nor a stupid man, nor an insensitive man.
Their carriage had been forced to thrust its way through the mob at the Palace gates. Some of the things shouted at Mama still rang in her ears. She had not meant to allude to them, though.
Now both were tied to a Longbourn where their mother’s simmering resentment over her multiple disappointments all too often erupted into lachrymose outbreaks of self-pity, met with cutting sarcasm or speaking silence from their father. It was like walking through a powder magazine.
The staircase’s shallow treads had been shaped for men in pantofles and women in chopines.
“Deadholm Barracks is the best part of two days journey south-east of Pemberley.”
This was no time for time-wasting civility.
A ragged thought restrained his fist. The Prince, insufferable as he was, had saved his life ten times over that day. And (he glimpsed a tell-tale corner of binding) also saved his Boccacio incunabulum. And his jewels. Holy Virgin, what a weight of obligation to a man he could barely tolerate.
He took one step towards the light – and froze, the cold bite of steel at his neck.
"Well. The first evening we dined at Netherfield, Lady Catherine chanced to mention her niece, then away at Court –”
She took the backstairs down to the ground floor, and evaded the servants with practised ease. Then she was out in the grounds, walking swiftly while under the gaze of the great, silent windows and then, when she reached the cover of the woods, running.
“My Lord! Forgive me!”
“– and it caused a degree of scandal when my poor Aunt Elaine should, so soon after being rendered a widow, consent to become a wife once more. Especially when her choice was – who he was.”
She rose to her feet.
Jonathan fell into abashed silence. She caught a fleeting blink of “Women. Who’d have ’em?” travelling above her head between him and Giulio and fought to repress authentic anger, no matter that she had devised the strategy herself.
“Sir.” There was a repressive note in Captain Lennox’s voice which the Colonel had learnt it was as well to heed.
“Thank you, my dear. Sometimes, you remind me so much of your dear mother. I recall when when she had her coming-out ball the Duke was there. He was
Caroline’s head went up like a pointer scenting game. She left with unseemly haste. Doubtless, Charles thought with a rare tincture of sourness, she planned to interrogate their hostess about her less-than-genteel antecedents. As if Caroline couldn’t remember coming home in tears from dancing class and being comforted by Father after some slight or other from the aristocratic daughters of Gondal. The Bingleys came of mercantile stock. A physician with a quality professional connection would doubtless have disdained an introduction to their grandparents.
Elizabeth’s hand went to her mouth. “No easy task.”
lived.
and that you should come as a hussar.” Her eyes flicked up to the bedroom floor. “I don’t suppose we can convince him those ridiculous gowns were consumed in the blaze? No; he’d be bound to send someone to check. Molly? Are you all right?”
Rumours of the Ogre of Belmont had swirled about Gondal Town for decades. Nursemaids quieted rambunctious children by telling them the Ogre was coming for them and only absolute silence could prevent his stealing them away, never to be seen again.
The green leaves of Rosings park waved above them. In the circumstances, Elizabeth found it difficult to feel too much sympathy for Lady Catherine.
His uncle scowled repressively down at him. Darcy gulped and pressed on.
The mention of the King blunted even Aunt Catherine’s intrusiveness. She confined herself to a sniff. “Then be sure you do not catch a chill or overtire yourself. I shall see you later. If you are to return to Court, there will be much planning to be done.”
Lady Agnes cowered; the maid’s grasp on her arm almost slipped. "I am sorry if I have displeased you, your grace. No-one said – that is, I did not think anyone – your grace – averse to high play – that is, my husband told me that in your father the Crown Prince’s day –”
Mama smiled; a close-lipped, contained smile which neither reached her eyes nor reassured Elizabeth in the smallest particular.
“Indeed, ma’am. But I sense the young lady maybe has started to wonder about him herself, judging by the tone of her last. But I’ve got a letter, not from her uncle, he’s away from Court at present and who knows when he’ll be back? We tried to have it delivered to Hunsford, but we were told she was not at home. But if you could see it into her hands our minds would be easier.”
“Very, if your taste runs to hot-house flowers. Ambitious, also.”
“Such things have indeed been known in the Army,” Charlotte said, playing along. “I recall Mrs Long saying once there was a Surgeon-General took up his post when he was no more than three-and-twenty. Surely that must have gone by favour of someone, so why
Peter drew a deep breath.
At that point, the officer fell at his feet.
as Acting-Sergeant Vaughan informed him, when his requests for an opportunity to assess the state of his captured subordinates were finally answered, they had all got off very lightly. Brenzaida’s own concussion and Trooper Ferris’ broken arm were, indeed, the entire extent of the butcher’s bill.
“A testimony worth much, indeed. Tell me, Lieutenant, did you see the commander of these insurgents at all?”
Damask roses. Yarrow. Basil. Deadly nightshade. A civil hint as to the direction of his walk this evening. Julian could, indeed, hardly have contrived this meeting without the help of Mrs Reynolds. In which case –
Even double-timing up the steep hill with the sun at its zenith, Frances had enough breath to spare for idiotic questions. Inwardly, Jonathan commended her energy and deplored her timing. He jerked his head in the direction of their objective, the discreet gates some fifty paces ahead.
At Hunsford, far from the bustle of the capital, Charlotte’s health was indifferent and her spirits worse. Her husband’s delight after the physician recommended by Lady Catherine confirmed her own month-long suspicions as to her condition
. A wave of relief washed over him. “And travelling?”
“My dear, I am sure his grace has more claims on his time than to squander it on paying off decades-old scores against minor country gentry.”
friends”) ever suspect.
“Come,” she said. “I suspect you have suffered a good deal. Let us find a wineshop and pledge the health of your daughters.”
Elizabeth suppressed a sigh. Since achieving the distinction of being the only woman Mr Darcy had danced with at the Meryton Ball, Elizabeth had found herself on the wrong end of constant demands to know what she and the King’s own cousin could possibly have discussed. She had found by experiment that informing people Mr Darcy had only uttered the commonplaces expected of a dancing partner merely produced accusations of dissembling. She had been driven to contemplate extremes: telling her interlocutors that he had proclaimed himself the Angel of Revelation, that he had been summoned back to Gondal Town for a council of war, that Netherfield would play host to the King himself in the springtime.
Had he turned this greatest of coups into a damp squib or placed a petard below the throne of Gondal, with the slow match handed to her who might best ignite it?
For a moment Elizabeth’s thoughts whirled towards Wickham and the dark suspicions Mr Darcy’s letter had raised in her mind. Then they cleared. Of course the King’s half sister would know the royal physician had accompanied Princess Charis to Gaaldine. Further, as a neighbour at Netherfield, back in the old days, perhaps she had even seen Uncle John as he really was: the tired, lovable family man Elizabeth had missed so much over recent years.
Low gasps broke out among the assembled courtiers. Molly crossed herself.
Miss Vittoria rang a bell and a maid-servant brought pastries and a choice of white wine or lemonade, both admirably chilled. Elizabeth chose lemonade and saw, with surprise, that Mama did, also.
His eyes dropped to the diamond necklace in his wife’s lap. “The Mezentian Coronet and that little choke-chain are the merest baubles compared to the twin jewels which are the Pickering women. And Frances Pickering, you found for yourself. Treasure her, please, for both your sakes.”
“Indeed, ma’am, I hope – aargh!”
“She’s home, she’s home and you didn’t
That was unexpected. Very carefully, he said,
“Oh, lord! I don’t know. Not these two or three years, perhaps.”
“Do it, Jeanette.”
“What is it?” Georgiana called to the nearest soldier. He picked his way close to the coach before responding, looking rather like a startled rabbit. Still, when he spoke, it was in a surprisingly cultivated accent, sounding, in her limited experience, more like the better class of clerk than a trooper.
“You’d counted on that, I take it? If that’s your cousin the colonel, ma’am, he’s got a better tactical brain than many I’ve come across holding that rank.”
“I shall indeed assist you, your grace.”
. Sit down here and we can be
The emphasis he put on her age must be significant. Frances thought for a moment.
. Worse, I had nothing more than a vague feeling of unease and the recollection of the late Queen’s hints, which no-one but I had heard, and which I could so easily have misinterpreted. I was saved by unlooked for chivalry on the part of one of my cousins. Seeing my distress, he – ah – came to me and proposed a subterfuge. He pretended to his father and to my guardians that he had fallen most hopelessly in love with me. His father forbade the match as a matter of course. Indeed, since my cousin was then only 15, with his studies to finish and his mind as yet unformed by contact with the wider world,
she have got the money?”
“As to when you’re planning to put into practice that proposal of marriage you made to me before we left Italy. You
“I daresay Mr Gardiner had some business worries and felt he needed to be on the spot to deal with them. It’s a very uncertain time for merchants, especially with all this brigandage going on, and everything having to be sent round by sea and so forth.”
Julian extracted his handkerchief from a pocket, grasped its corner between finger and thumb, extended his hand behind his back and flapped once, twice with the handkerchief. Dark, silent shapes poured past, downslope.
“But I –”
Darcy glanced down at the paper. “I gather the various soldiers captured with my sister are to be released as proof of good faith against the advance payment of ten per cent of the ransom. That is all he offers. But we need to consider Peter Brenzaida’s testimony.”
“I have just had a letter from Jane, with such news. It cannot be concealed from anyone. My younger sister has left all her friends—has eloped; has thrown herself into the power of—of Mr. Wickham. They are gone off together from Lake Elderno. You know him too well to doubt the rest. She has no money, no connections, nothing that can tempt him to—she is lost for ever.”
“Yes, ma’am. She is my youngest girl but one. My youngest of all is lately married, and my eldest is somewhere about the grounds, walking with a young man who, I believe, will soon become a part of the family.”
“Madam, even so early in the season the sun is getting hot. Should we retire into the shade?”
“My brother sent the cream of the capital’s crop to my bedside earlier this year. They muttered in Latin, bled me and made me drink foul draughts. I felt worse when they had finished than when they had started.”
The stranger – barely affected, it seemed, by the hardships of the day – tended a carefully banked fire, and contrived something between a stew and a soup from strips of dried meat, green onions and river water, with hard bread crumbled in. When passed a mug, Julian shook his head but, under the stranger’s glare, he assayed a sip and, after the first mouthful, found he was ravenous, and finished it.
Somewhere over to Julian’s right an owl called: a single sharp, sweet, note, repeated endlessly. His father had hated that call, he recalled with a sharp stab of unexpected pain.
“Mama would not. You heard her last night, when you were reading aloud.
Darcy made an impatient “tsk” sound. “Not
“We tried
For a moment, Darcy paused, considering. Then, he turned to his groom.
Hill, though, had much more to impart. The waiting-woman had been primed to say nothing about her mistress’ purpose in visiting Meryton and Hill was too old a hand at the game to push on a locked door. However, the attendant on a woman of such supreme self-regard must be possessed of no little self-consequence herself, and flattery must be the surest way to find the weak points in her armour.
Harriet exhaled. She had not expected Clarence to express her fear aloud.
The corporal shook his head. “Have you eaten the food of the Borders? There’s a dish there they make from a sheep’s pluck, stuffed with oatmeal mixed with chopped offal – liver and lights and so forth – and heavily peppered.”
“A couple of courtiers have a smattering. But you are correct in your assumption. It is not the most obvious language to learn and knowing it conveys little status.” He waited.
, white with the dust of the road, stood before the table. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a drooping, exhausted mule being led off by the inn’s ostler.
The little priest handed her a glass of lemonade. “My child, drink this.”
“Not a suspicion of it, sir. The ladies behaved with great grace –Miss Darcy took pains to promise ransoms for all when we surrendered – and, to my mind, the Duke’s men would have been ashamed to show themselves lesser in the face of such dignity. And the Duke sent two women servants to attend them wherever he was taking them.”
"My father, like your Uncle Phillips, began as a country attorney. In my father’s case this was in Lambton, a market town in the north. There he came to the favourable notice of Mr Darcy’s father, who in due course appointed him to be steward of Pemberley. I was born in the steward’s house on the Pemberley estate and the present Mr Darcy and I grew up as boys together. Old Mr Darcy treated me as another son; he could not have been more generous.
The pause threatened to become prolonged. It was Miss Hooper who broke it.
“Darcy, my boy, I suggest you take the chance to put your proposals into a form suitable to lay before the King, whenever he may be at leisure to peruse them. But I cannot undertake that this will be today. This news brought by Captain Lennox is likely to displace the King’s attention from all else for the time being.”
If only that commanding officer still walked the earth, rather than being represented only by his relict: a hollowed shell, a walking ghost.
,” she murmured and was gratified to see a puzzled expression on the Crown Prince’s face. She tapped the paper on her lap.
Alone. For a moment he could hardly comprehend it. But no one was watching him and the the little gate at the far corner was ajar.
“Let me call your maid. A glass of wine; shall I get you one? You are very ill.”
Once they reached the house, a magnificent butler effortlessly despatched the men and the sergeant (not without a dubious backward glance) to the rear of the house. Then, he turned to Peter.
“But what
Worst of all was her uncle’s postscript: they might expect to see their father at home on the following day, since he had been rendered spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours and, as her uncle tactfully put it, had yielded to his entreaty that he would return to his family and leave it to Mr Gardiner to do whatever might be advisable.
Something stirred queasily in Elizabeth’s guts. A letter from Netherfield could hardly have taken more than minutes to read and she had heard the stable clock strike three quarters while she had been slumped on this bench in the walled garden, drowning beneath Lydia’s mindless prattle. From their cradles, she and Jane had always shared. A piece of news so great and she would have been told it already.
