Cas was there, dressed as some obscure book character (probably...Dean couldn’t actually tell). He was smiling, laughing, pressing kisses to cheeks and accepting handshakes.
never seen you like that.”
Castiel shook his head, his own smile fond. If their roles were reversed, and Castiel were waiting to meet up with his unknown online love...hell, Castiel got flutters waiting to meet up with Dean. He couldn't even begin to imagine how it would feel, knowing Dean and his wonderful personality but not knowing if he was real or not. Charlie was very brave.
"Goodnight, darling."
“I know you're waiting to make sure I know that this actually means something, and I want you to know that I do...I do realize it.”
"I'm great," he said, pressing closer. He would talk to Crowley later. He was content right now.
Castiel shook his head. "Only your first day of school, and you're already hanging out in the sex stall? That's impressive."
There, at the back of the deep closet, sat the omega, and curled up on the floor with his head in the omega’s lap, lay the alpha.
Castiel lost it. He crawled into Crowley's bed and burst into tears, hiding his face against his neck.
“It’s beautiful,” Estelle breathed, her eyes tracing over the swirls and squares. “The woman’s face...so captivating!”
“Now,” Benny mumbled in his normal voice as Cas slipped into the chair beside Dean, his face once again his own. “Tell us what’s going on here.”
“I carry
When they finished singing, he turned to a young boy. “See, Tyler? It’s normal to lose teeth.”
“Because—and I was about to get to this if you hadn’t interrupted me—I’m on another watch list. Some low-level IRS pencil pusher,” the disparagement dripping from his tone was almost comical, “has tagged me for some drinks I brought in from—actually, it’s not important where from. What is important is that everything I’m importing is being monitored.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “So essentially you’re a younger version of Ana.”
Dean arched a brow, so she hurried on.
Castiel giggled as he leaned up to brush a kiss against Dean's mouth. "I think I may insist on beds with all my conquests from now on, actually."
Now that Dean was in the picture, however, they seemed determined to drag the couple into any and all family functions. Luckily, that meant that Castiel only ever saw his family with Dean at his side.
“Ana!” a man stood. “You cannot—“
The door swung open to reveal Crowley sitting on his bed, smoking a cigarette. He was speaking on the phone, no doubt doing something that Castiel had no desire to know about. When he noticed Castiel in the doorway, Crowley barked a time and location into the speaker and hung up.
He sat in the back corner, alone, glancing through a newspaper. If he was expecting someone else to join him, he didn’t act like it. A quick glance at his left hand confirmed that he didn’t wear a wedding ring. Castiel’s gaze skimmed back over his face, those cheekbones, that jawline. Sharp, crisp, clean-shaven: you could damn near cut yourself if you weren’t careful.
He didn’t immediately answer, but at her panicked “Castiel!” her supreme finally spoke.
Castiel smiled genuinely for a moment before he tried to turn it to one of seduction.
Jess interrupted. “I know why!”
Cas offered Dean a coquettish smile before turning away and skipping after Sam, leaving his boyfriend to catch up.
“Imagine a room,” Section Chief Harvelle murmured, her words flowing smoothly, her tone almost conversational. Her entire demeanor seemed relaxed, nonchalant; it was so at odds with the chipped cement walls and sturdy steel door with bars in its tiny window.
His eyes, which had been focused on Dean's mouth, flashed up to green eyes.
Finally, Dean pushed himself off of Cas and helped him sit up.
Castiel giggled. "Oh, I certainly hope not everything."
brother.”
No wonder Dean hadn’t pushed the sex thing. He was probably getting it from somewhere else. And here Cas had thought…Well, that didn’t matter so much, not anymore.
Cas had been so determined to ignore the pull of the omega’s scent until he could be certain of their bonding. The scent, which was mesmerizing under normal circumstances, had been different. It had been so much sweeter than usual. Sweet and spicy, like heat rising from—
Charlie's eyebrows shot straight up. "You had sex on a stick, in your home, and you chased him off. Very bitchily, I might add."
“No,” Dean interrupted tiredly. “No more of that. They can think whatever the hell they want.”
“I know that was hard for you,” Dean started. Cas didn’t respond, instead shoving past him to the hall.
, before the heat started proper. He knew that if he was anywhere near Castiel when it fully hit, his omega would try to chase the alpha down. It would be a new level of pathetic for Dean, who’d been in some pretty low places before.
It didn’t matter that his stepsister was now princess of the kingdom—a well-beloved future queen. It didn’t matter that Hanna had cleared Castiel’s name, told everyone that he'd had done what little he could to help her in that hell of a house...
From then on, she and Cas were close, nearly inseparable...when Sammy and Dean weren’t around, of course. Actually, no, even then they hung out with the brothers by their sides. They still had their alone time, sure, but Sam was excited about how much time he got to spend with Dean now.
“Yes?” Dean whispered.
“Really?”
“I wouldn’t have said it if I didn’t.” He looked to Meg as he buttoned his jacket. “You’re going to do the drop. Please don’t shoot him.”
“You seemed in a hurry to get me up here,” Dean observed, staring directly at the older man.
Dean nodded. “She practically raised me and Sammy.”
“I’m still Castiel,” he interrupted.
Castiel nodded, even though it was obvious he wasn't. "Of course, Mother. I just..." He trailed off.
Landing the jet was easy, and slipping into the forest under cover of darkness was all good. Even crossing the border into Belarus was uneventful. But, within twenty minutes of crossing, things took a sharp downward curve.
“I didn’t realize it would be so difficult for you, with the press. If I’d known, I would’ve done
He fully intended to pass Bobby’s thanks along to the informant, but first he needed to find him. And based on what Meg had said at the restaurant, he now had less than five weeks.
What the public, along with those scientists, hadn’t considered was how the secondary genders would further divide society. Things had been bad enough with primary genders and race and sexuality. Now, with alphas and betas and omegas, suppressed peoples found themselves even more so.
He poked his head into a few more doorways, sometimes smiling at the joy he found, other times frowning at the fear and pain. Some memories were clearer, sharper...others blurrier.
“Did you get married?” he burst out, apparently just as shocked as she was.
“But brown is the color of shit! Literal
“And you don’t?” Sam countered. Dean didn’t argue, couldn’t argue, because whatever he had with Cas, it was more than passing, and even Sam knew it. “You’re my family too, Dean.”
“To you, he’s gonna be mean as shit,” Ash promised. He punched Brady in the bicep then climbed back into his car and drove away.
Once the explanations were finished and the parchments neatly restacked, Castiel nodded to Dean. “This puts my mind at ease…”
Later, when Castiel was using the porta-potty, Dean shot off the quick text.
Dean's eyes narrowed. "Cas..."
“Doesn’t surprise me,” Castiel admitted. “She didn’t get what she wanted.”
“Oh no, Cassie…” Balth murmured.
"You up for the challenge?" Crowley asked, his tone hesitant.
Castiel shook his head. "I just...I finally recognize myself again."
Dean, sitting where the cat had been the night before, cocked his head at an angle and smiled.
The omega scrambled to the furthest corner of the bed and curled in on himself. God, he wished he had something to cover up with.
The three brothers shared glances, but no one said anything. They all knew how difficult this must be for Raphael, to see the woman he obviously loved being readied to meet, and possibly mate with, a different alpha.
“Would you like to see a result of the product?”
M. Winchester seemed surprised at his voice, but then smiled. “I’ve always been good at growing things.”
Casting a nervous glance toward the sleeping form on the bed, he crept into the bedroom.
Hannah didn’t understand the word Castiel spit out, but the pain in his voice was clear enough. Several long moments passed, both Hannah and Castiel concentrating on the captive, when he called her name. Despite all the noise surrounding them, she easily heard the call.
“Really?” Dean cried in surprise.
,she texted.
Cas lifted his gaze to meet Lucifer’s head on. “Because I’m pretty sure that the same higher-up is the one who sent the agent to seduce me… and not just any agent. He sent the agent who
Sam stared at the rings, his mouth opening and closing, then opening again.
Still her magic remained linked to his, her face a mask of indecision. She watched as Castiel drew in a deep breath then spoke again, his voice softer.
As Dean fought side by side with him, watched his blue magic dart and weave through the air, he found that they actually worked together very well. Somehow his blade and Castiel’s power seemed perfectly blended, the ancient magics communicating across ages and civilizations of the past.
“Sounds damn fantastic, Sir,” Benny enthused, his voice set in a heavy southern twang. But Dean saw how his fists clenched in his lap, unseen by the man behind the desk.
“Tell me, is the deep cover going to involve throwing yourself under some new alpha, just for the sake of—“
else in mind.
“In a couple of hours, I will be,” he assured him.
Cas laughed, already nodding in agreement.
each other. Dean gently took Cas apart, Cas roughly put Dean back together. Somehow, they rediscovered their balance…but Cas had to wonder if it had ever really been gone at all.
Dean would give anything to have his blade in hand, but he didn’t. He could do little more than watch as these nightmarish foes crept toward Cas from the encroaching darkness.
“Hey, Castiel,” one of the girls cooed. “It’s been so long since we’ve seen you!”
A different world floated above, a dark room that echoed with chanting and sobbing.
And this boy...Castiel could already tell that he would fill that void quite nicely.
“The back’s a lot roomier,” Dean promised between their next kisses.
over her gifts, grinned at the camera when Sam took a picture, flipped the bird to Jo for her sarcastic commentary.
“Hey!” Sam yelled at Ana, who was probably just a distant lump to him. “Get the hell away from her!”
“I meant to!” Cas defended. “But you looked a little busy with all that paperwork spread out, and I knew you’d want to focus on Sam’s problem before anything else.”
“So you and Dean are just taking off, then?”
And as life pressed on, their scents settled into the same warmth of deep happiness, perfectly matched for the years to come.
: don’t talk to me again.”
“It’s me, isn’t it?” Castiel suddenly asked. “I’m the one you fell for.”
He finally stopped talking, and Castiel could only stare bug-eyed. “How long did it take you to come up with that?”
Dean flushed. "I wouldn't exactly use the word beautiful..."
The flight to Cefalu was quick, and Benny was able to arrive from London shortly after. It only took a few questions from Gia, the first witch who’d volunteered, to learn that the mother and son had been seen coming into town from the east and then returning that way.
As soon as she was around the corner, out of sight of the car, she pulled out her phone to call Sam.
“I didn’t notice him very much,” Cas admitted. “I was too distracted with...well, with you.”
“Sounds perfect!” Charlie enthused before smacking Castiel on the arm and skipping off.
“How did you defeat it?” she asked softly.
"Dean?"
"I will. Thank you, Crowley," Castiel murmured. "I'm, uh...I'm glad we're friends."
“Rebuilt? Was there something wrong with the design?”
“Why?”
Meg and Benny were chosen to go undercover, since they both had experience with flying under the radar. Dean, on the other hand, was about as subtle as a bald eagle draped in a flag, screeching through the air as fireworks exploded around it. And yet, at the last moment, he convinced the team to send him with Benny instead, because “What purpose would a beta even need the machine for? Two alphas is more believable.”
“I’m still so mad at you,” Cas whispered into his ear.
This time, though, it seemed there would be no hunger at all, not even a night’s worth. Another basket arrived the day before Cas’s food supply depleted, again with a single stalk of Castilleja tied atop. Now it was the same basket
Dean was suddenly so glad that he hadn’t told anyone about his plans.
"I promised you a bed, Cas, and I keep my promises, dammit."
Dean wouldn’t be making that mistake again. This time, if Cas took him back—if he ever gave Dean a second chance—there was no way in hell Dean would
“You got it?” Ash asked.
Castiel glanced away, he had to, and wiped roughly at his eyes. Anna laid a hand on his arm, her smile soft.
. I pushed my own hurt down, because I knew from what Jess had said that he was hurting too.
“Good,” the omega whispered. He looked back down at his alpha, down to where his blood-soaked fingers stroked through dark hair. “Michael was worried I might not make it, if they were still around.”
So when Victor told him, in no uncertain terms, to speed things along with Castiel’s family, he wasn’t worried. He knew he’d figure it out, a way into the family...but he hadn’t expected it to come so damn easily. In fact, of all the options and scenarios he had planned for, he wasn’t ready for what actually happened.
Benny headed around the east side of the property while Dean took the opposite. They were going to circle around to the shed at the back, the one Cas had simply called the cage.
He didn’t back down though. Instead, he pulled Cas even closer and guided him toward another table, away from his controlling family, away from Hester.
Dean settled into one of the plush leather chairs in front of the desk, nonchalantly crossing one leg over the other.
He looked back to Dean. “Did you come to a decision about the machine?”
Cas arched a brow and reached for the boxers, but instead pulled them up his own legs.
Cas hated that even more than the damn rain. That and the way he’d had to leave almost everything behind, even his VW. Now he had to catch the bus around town, rain or shine.
Dean nodded again. “Well put, Sir.”
"They are. And I like it."
Castiel flushed, his smile rising. He should have contradicted Dean, assured him he didn't need to worry about hurting Cas, that Crowley was just overreacting. He meant to, at least, but before he could, Dean reached across to press a quick kiss to Castiel's lips, a seal to their promise. Any thoughts of contradicting Dean washed away as he sighed into the contact.
With a shrug, Henriksen settled down onto the bench across from Dean. “I don’t know. His message was short, incredibly cryptic. But it sounds like something to do with secondary genders.”
Dean’s breath halted.
“No, not that silly little group tossed together by Odin and Kali,” Castiel murmured with a faint smile. “Not by a few millennia, at least.” He slowly shook his head. “No, these are ancient creatures, hidden in plain sight. Standing taller than the mountains, rooted deeper than trees, stretching further than the sky...”
"No shit! You'd looked like you'd drunk a friggin liquor store."
“I think you’ll find a good many people never meet each other,” Cas pointed out. “Because they’re never meant to meet each other.”
"I don't want to get married," Castiel said, doodling on his notebook.
Dean spun from the nightstand where he’d been scooping up some toiletries. “Yes, but I’m leaving now. If I’m here when this gets bad…”
”My name is Tatsiana, but you can call me Ana.”
That primary fear assuaged, Dean grabbed her arm. “Cas...”
Another laugh erupted from across the shop, but still Cas kept his gaze fixed on the baker woman wrapping up the loaves.
“The Old Gods?” he prompted.
Estelle’s smile grew. “So you’re the one making Castiel so happy.”
“What did she say?” Dean grumbled. “She was supposed to make sure that he knew I was really in love with him!”
Uriel
After several long minutes of petting, Cas pushed the cat from his lap and stood with a stretch. It trotted out the parlor door, toward the staircase that would take them up to his bedroom, as it had so many other nights.
Castiel stormed down the stairs, his eyes damp. He kept trying to remind himself that this wasn't anything new, that he'd never been anyone's one and only before. And they had agreed that this wouldn't be exclusive, right?  But Castiel had thought... He shook his head; he'd been wrong.
Dean ground his teeth together. “I’ve got it under control.”
Dean can't figure out where he went wrong this time, but he's gonna try and make it right.
If Gordon hadn’t been down in the tunnel, there was only one place he could be...
Cas rolled to cover him completely, dipping to take his mouth in a hungry kiss. “Always,” he gasped when he broke away. “
He finally had to ask Charlie about it. “Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me?”
"Yes, mother," he called back, headed for the stairs.
Cas wandered the crowded streets of the market, past the cacophony of colorfully overflowing stands, through the narrow aisles thronged with townspeople. He’d occasionally pause to squeeze a ripened tomato or eye a slab of meat, but he never spoke. He never made direct eye contact.
"Nothing," Castiel replied automatically, more out of habit than anything else.
Castiel’s alpha suddenly snarled, snapping at the thought of some bastard named Dick touching Dean,
Dean scoffed. "Dude, I can communicate just fine." He gestured toward Cas. "I'm communicating with you now."
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t know anything?”The alpha chuckled at the tremble in his voice, and Castiel knew with absolute certainty that there would be no mercy. This alpha...he enjoyed the scent of an omega when it was afraid.
Cas shook his head. “I’m not...”
Dean pressed his face into the curve of Cas’s neck, trying to hide his own tears in the sweat-damp skin. Cas knew what he was doing, but didn’t call him out for it.
“Well here,” Dean jumped up. “Have a seat, I’ll grab your food.”
Meg had told him about the meeting with Dean, but other than that, there’d been no mention nor trace of him.
So yes, it was excruciating, that fresh rip down the center of his heart, his very soul, but he wasn’t here for himself or that alpha. He was here for Sammy, and he still had a job to do.
“Shut up, bitch!” Dean demanded.
Dean frowned at him. "Why do you care so much about what I do with my future?"
. So the salutatorian, some nerd from Brady’s math class, gave the speech instead.
“Oh, my bad” Dean said, then let the subject drop naturally as an elderly woman stepped up to greet Cas.
“I stole it.”
Cas pulled her into a quick hug. “You’re the most amazing best friend ever.” Then he was running toward the nearest door. At the last minute he turned and called back to her, “Sign me to off-campus lunch!”
“Castiel,” Lucifer soothed, overlooking the disrespect he’d just shown. “He didn’t love you, okay? As much as you want to save him, maybe in hopes that you’ll get some kind of, I don’t know, future with him… It just won’t happen.”
He offered Dean a timid smile. “Please be safe?”
That one had been a little trickier to hide from Cas’s parents, but Crowley was more than willing to help cover things up…especially since Cas had agreed to cover for him too. If rumors ever leaked out that Crowley and Lillith were still fucking on the DL (with Brady footing the bills now) Castiel would provide the alibi. He really had no problem with it, cause Brady had been on his shit list ever since that whole 3-a.m.-phone-call debacle.
Cas is about to go into his senior year, still top of his class. And because he’s just so fucking smart, he’s already gotten two job offers. Both of them are pretty good, but he wants to hold out on a definite answer, cause he’ll probably get some that are even better this year.
Cas smiled sadly. “And here I was, running away from you.”
man slid from the bed. He was completely bare, apart from a bloody bandage on his ankle. He walked toward Cas, the slightest limp marring his gait.
The next morning, Cas woke with a gasp, a heavy weight in his chest. No, actually, it was
“Aunt Hester, I was not expecting you,” Castiel mumbled absently, almost in an attempt to buy himself time to school his features. He rounded the desk slowly, and by the time he settled himself into his chair, his false smile was firmly in place.
The cat seemed to be studying him. It tried one final time, but Cas finally took its head in his hands and met its gaze. “It won’t be long now until I just, I just... And, I mean, your master shines so brightly. Someone that bright should never be with someone who’s already fading away.”
Crowley chuckled. "No shit. Text if you need me, Love."
“Supplies trip!” The tall beta explained. “He’ll be back in a couple days.” He smiled kindly. “Did you need something?”
After a moment of silence, filled only with the crunch of cookies, Dean spoke again. “Do you mind... if I ask about how you came to work with someone like Henriksen?”
"Why?" Dean murmured, batting his hand away so he could start stroking instead.
“Alpha!”
Dean froze with one boot in hand. “Really?”
“What kind of emergency?” Castiel heard his own voice ask.
Point of View is a crazy thing, huh???
“I’m right here.” It was Cassie. “I haven’t left your side once!”
With his decision made, he steeled his mind for the impending argument, because there was always an argument when it came to Hester and Meg, and focused his attention solely on those at his table, completely blocking out the rest of the restaurant. He tuned back into the conversation at his table just in time to hear Meg plead, “only five thousand dollars! I’ve run into a couple little problems.”
Just then, a loud cry of greeting erupted by the door, and both omegas turned to find a tall, dark-haired alpha in a sharp suit strutting in. Dean immediately recognized the man from pictures alone, and he could not stifle the gasp that had everyone turning his way.
“I know,” Dean growled. “It’s my stupid body trying to…” His voice trailed off as he ran into his room. He emerged a moment later, shoving some belongings into a small bag. “...so you’ll need to take the rest of my stuff when you leave.”
Of course there was no mention of what Dean had done to Cas. Dean knew him well enough to know that there never would be.
“No.” Cas strode back into the other room.
Dean chuckled. "You mean to tell me that you, sex fiend extraordinaire, manage to keep your extra-curricular activities hidden from mommy-dearest?"
“I’m always fine,” Dean promised with a smirk. “You know that.”
“I’m sorry, but that’s just the way it is, Dean.” The alpha frowned. “I know you’re still young, but I’ve seen it all too many times.”
Cas arched a brow.
That’s why Dean had gotten into dealing, because no way in hell was John setting aside anything. And the way Dean saw it, people were going to find some way to get their drugs anyway, so why not jump into the business, earn as much as he could? He himself never used, and he kept that part of his life far away from Sammy and, subsequently, now Jess.
“Why didn’t you?” Castiel countered, only half teasing.
good.”
“I’m sure everything’s going well,” Anna assured Castiel as she patted his hand under the table. Hester had lumbered off to the bathroom, leaving Castiel, Anna, and Meg waiting for her.
The next couple weeks, Cas fell into an easy schedule. Wake up, bathe, get the kids ready if it was his day, breakfast. Once he was in the playroom with Rachel and Hanna, his schedule was just as it had been before, complete with snack time and group naps. After, he’d help his six wash up then herd them all down to dinner where he’d eat with Dean and a few others, like Dean’s brother Sam and his mate Eileen, or sometimes Jo and Ruby.
“Look, I’ll get my phone back, okay?” Dean bit out. “You just focus on getting Frank his money.” He spun away and hailed down a passing cab, climbing inside before they could say anything more.
So Bela had been the one to spread the rumors about Castiel, and now Dean had fucked her... Shit, Castiel wasn't gonna forgive him for this one easily.
“That a god-killing knife?” Sam asked.
“You hear that?” He asked Benny.
Dean and Sam tread carefully through the dark, yelling for Gordon and the others. They’d been walking for five minutes when Sam just stopped.
Wait, that’s what the dinner with Ketch had been about? He remembered Dean’s explanation from the night before, about
“Yep, just got in a few minutes ago,” Dean hedged. “How are the kiddos?”
Cas’s eyes flicked up to his, bright blue and angry. “Dean, the next time I see you, I’m arresting you, and Sam and Bobby and anyone else who I know is working with you.”
Dean watched as Castiel formed a blue cloud that carried him upward, rushing toward the dark, crackling cloud.
"Castiel, is that you?"
Yes, that must be it. Castiel was just worried about what Gordon might do when Dean had left again. That’s why he was so upset.
Gordon laughed menacingly. "No? No?!" He dragged Castiel over to the last stall, the one where those awful words were written, and pointed right at them. "You see this here? You see this shit?! This means that you don't get to say no, Whore!"
"Cas," Dean murmured, his tone apologetic. "Cas, I'm sorry. I meant to come find you right away, but I didn't know what to say...so I've been sitting out here in my car, trying to figure it out," he explained. He brushed a tentative hand over Castiel's bruised cheek. "What happened to you?"
He waved her off with a fond smile. “Nah, that’s more cause of Cas’s parents. They’re super conservative, you know?”
"Dean," the boy murmured as he climbed up onto the couch. He loomed over Castiel, his hands resting on the back of the couch, his knees straddling Castiel's slim hips.
Dean smiled slowly, and damn that smile for still making Cas’s heart stutter. “Had a little help from some friends.”
“That’s a lot of money, Babe.”
“Awesome. So I’ll see you in a bit?”
Dean’s brows furrowed as he did the math, four years before him and Benny came back. “That means you were working for him when I was brought back.”
“Talk to me about what?” Dean barked as he stomped toward the fridge.
“Good to have you back, Agent,” Victor greeted as he held out a stiff hand towards Dean. Never known for controlling his temper well, the supervisory agent seemed to be already rearing for a fight.
“That right there?”
Castiel settled down on the floor as well, only the grid of papers and books separating him from the omega, and glanced through the stack. “I somewhat know
Another witch stepped forward. “You expect us to believe that you hold the forest, the very source of our power, in yourself?”
“I’m Dean, I’m from the sanctuary,” he tried again, staying clear of the closet door, just in case whoever was inside decided to shoot.
Michael frowned. “They didn’t.”
Castiel frowned in confusion. "But I didn't want Victor." His eyes widened like something had just clicked, and he let out a short laugh. "Look, now we've switched places! She wanted Victor, and he still fucked me. Now I want you, but you're fucking her!" He threw his arms up and shouted, "Karma!"
She shook her head. “It is your time now. You have made me so proud.”
“Something doesn’t feel right about this.”
“If Anna says it, then I must have something for you,” Castiel assured her.
“Because you might need it to tie up some loose ends.”
Castiel tried to chew quickly so he could answer, but Ellen spoke up first. “I’d say just over 4 months?”
"Look, last year when I was still dating Victor, he'd sneak off to fuck that whore all the time. They thought I didn't know, but..." she shrugged, her smile malicious. "I knew. And I made sure that everyone else knew what a whore he was, too."
Castiel shook his head. “No, but many witches can complete some of the tasks. What makes a witch the supreme is finishing all seven.”
He seemed truly upset for Cas, a veritable stranger. A heart so kind deserved so much more than an ugly-stepbrother, even if just as a neighbor.
So on the seventh day, he decided to put a stop to this. Obviously M. Winchester was misinformed about his circumstances. That was probably Cas’s own fault; he never wore any of his fine clothes anymore, hadn’t since his mother had left. Today though, he donned a blue waistcoat that brought out his eyes and brightened his complexion.
He chuckled delightedly. “I wondered! I mean, he only brings him up every other day.”
“My car’s over here,” Dean announced unnecessarily then spun to begin walking toward his car with Cas right behind.
Dean yanked out his blade, ready to run after Benny and Sam, when a pink bolt of magic caught him square in the chest. He flew backward, crashing into the wall behind him.
About a week before the graduation, Jess asked Cas about his valedictorian speech. “Can I see it?”
We made another stop on the way home, this time to a drive-in burger joint. We grabbed a couple burgers for dinner then parked at the very back of the lot and talked for almost two hours.
Dean groaned. “Fuck!”
Castiel thought for a moment before continuing. “I know your main concern is Sam, as it should be, but I
With a snarl, he spun on his heel and stormed away.
"It's nice to meet you," Dean offered. Crowley muttered a response.
Castiel smiled and leaned into Dean's side. He looked up just in time to see Crowley leave the room and sighed.
“He’s locking himself in here with it?” Dean studied Hannah’s broken expression for several long moments. “Fine, you go, call the Council. Tell Sam and the others to help you track down the bodies. I’ll stay here with Ca—“
“Good,” Cas muttered as his smile finally slid back into its place. “Because I am
"I certainly hope not," Castiel murmured at the same time the Dean replied, "Definitely not!"
Dean didn’t need any further prompting; he ran faster toward the base of the mountain, leaving Hannah to follow. He’d just passed the last cross-street when a deep shout rose from behind. He turned just in time to see a large man flying through the air toward him.
Dean could tell how nervous he was about this, his anxiety broadcasted with every movement. He squeezed Cas’s hand, pulling his attention back. His smile was confident. “I don’t want to brag, but my handicap is pretty damn good.”
“What are you doing here?” he asked after we’d kissed hello.
Castiel shook his head. He licked at the drop of pre-come that beaded on the tip. Dean groaned, his head falling back against the sheets.
Dean could only gape, his mind struggling to catch up with what had just happened. Had he just...had he just been
The only plausible option that lay in the east were the ruins of an old pagan temple.
“But he is!” Castiel hissed. “He has to. That was the deal I made with him so he’d give you the chip and...and let you live! I can’t go back on that without putting us
He suddenly felt Dean’s hand curling around his jaw, holding him in place as the bigger boy leaned forward to whisper in his ear.
“Just tell him I’ll work out his little problem with Crowley if he plays nice.”
Cas smiled bashfully. “I just—I don’t care about it? As harsh as that sounds.”
As if he could hear his rebellious thoughts, Victor added, “Thank you for letting me know. We’re only doing this for your own protection.”
"Castiel, darling. Why does it bother you so much?" Crowley asked.
Cas slipped his hand into the front of Dean’s pants, giving a squeeze to the bulge he found there as he whispered, “I think that gives us plenty of time, don’t you?”
"We got a big break in the Bulgary case,” Cas called, his tone smug and self-satisfied.
“The way you make me feel, just being here beside me.” Dean kissed Cas’s cheek. “Every time you laugh,” Another kiss to his temple. “Smile.” A kiss to that one spot behind his ear. “Whenever you just fuckin’
Cas smiled a soft smile, so like the smiles he used to share with Hannah herself. “He protects me, yes.”
Dean nodded. “It wouldn’t be pretty.” He thought for a moment before asking, “Any further hints than a country?”
“I’m serious! I mean, we’re out there fighting our asses off for scraps while you’re getting the whole buffet in pillow talk alone.” He laughed quietly. “Get ‘em between the sheets, get ‘em talking, right?”
“He just what?”
He’d always been told that his propensity for staring wasn’t normal, but in that moment, staring at that gorgeous man, he couldn’t bring himself to care. And then the man had looked up, his bright green eyes latching onto Cas’s, a flirtatious smirk pulling at his mouth.
He shoved the phone back in his pocket, not bothering to wait for Victor’s response. He was already beginning to hate himself as it was, even without Victor’s damning praise and affirmation.
Dean grinned unrepentantly. “Just don’t call me easy.”
“I hope they do!” Castiel admitted. Dean arched an eyebrow at him. Cas blushed. “It'll certainly make holiday plans so much easier.”
“Oh, like you never pretended to be a superhero!”
He never actually greeted anyone, just got straight to the point.
“Yes,” Ana conceded. “But the magic there was not his.”
“Look, guys, I know this wasn’t the…” Caleb tried, but Jo cut him off.
Immediately his thoughts flew to another grand carriage with golden wheels that glinted in the sunlight as it drove away...
Dean never would’ve guessed that any of Cas’s family would be involved in an establishment like this, much less own it. Obviously, given the family’s connection to Lucifer, he knew somewhere in the back of his mind that someone in the family had to be involved in a place like this. But to see it firsthand...
But even as his mouth contradicted the words, his heart latched onto them. He didn't believe a word Dean had said, of course not, but they were pretty words. Words he could hang onto when he was bent over a counter as some other guy, someone who had no problem calling him
She frowned, opened her mouth to argue, but Castiel cut her off. “It’s done, Meg. Please, just do this for me.”
"I've never had a boyfriend, Charlie," Castiel pointed out.
Cas felt like this all meant something, it had to. He was about 80% sure that this thing with Dean was solid.
The boy willingly followed, but even following, he gave the impression of strength, like he was just biding his time until the perfect moment presented itself. He was a hunter, just like Victor had been, just like all guys like him were; Castiel could see it in his eyes.
Castiel’s mind reeled, but one point became evidently clear. Even if what Gordon said was true, Castiel needed to get him out of the room, away from the children.
Victor responded almost immediately.
"Dean," Castiel whispered, voice hoarse from sobbing. More tears slipped down his cheeks when he thought of the other boy.
Ana spun on him. “My child, whom I’ve raised since infancy, has sacrificed himself to keep that evil locked away for as long as he possibly can, Gadreel. Both him and his alpha are trapped—possibly even dead by now. They’ve given us enough time to find the corpse and do what we should’ve done the first time”
“I’ve got you,” Dean whispered, his lips brushing Cas’s hairline even as his eyes remained locked with Benny’s, daring his judgment.
"So close, Dean! So close!" He groaned. "Touch me! Touch my cock!" He pleaded.
“You thought what?”
“Your feet bugging you?” Dean wondered. “Because I have it on good authority that I know how to give one hell of a foot rub.”
“So he says,” Cas muttered.
Cas had recently begun to realize that he looked forward to those warm smiles and bright eyes a little too much. When Dean went out on patrols with others, it was Dean that Cas worried about the most. And he always felt a little too giddy when Dean stopped by the playroom to check in.
Anna agreed to keep Dean a secret from the rest of the family, at least for as long as she could. Because, as she warned him on her way out, “You know that Hester will find out about this. She always does, somehow.”
His eyes opened, and there Cas was, slowly descending the grand staircase right in front of them.
How would Dean even find him? And that’s if the man felt inclined to do so… Lucifer had been right: Cas was now just a successful mission to Agent Winchester, nothing more. And even then, there was still Cas’s deal with Lucifer, and through him Crowley. If Cas went back on either of them, especially given their shared history...he was a dead man for sure.
Dean studied him for a long moment before finally nodding. “Just tell me what you need.”
The child gratefully pushed his plate toward Castiel and watched as the omega broke the food down into manageable bites.
"Ow!" Castiel cried, rubbing at the spot.
Cas nodded. “The magic I felt from him today...it was dark, powerful. He’s been dabbling in things he ought not. I must go warn Ana. The council must take immediate action to seal his fate and lock him down there.”
“Do you want to return to your home and pursue a traditional courtship?” Castiel’s smile was teasing, because he knew the answer even before Dean shook his head in annoyance.
“Good afternoon, Castiel,” Anna greeted. She indicated the lady standing next to her, “This is Mrs. Estelle Worthington, one of my newer clients. Estelle, this is Castiel Shurley, the chief curator.”
“Finally!” A warm female voice called. “Bring him on back to the kitchen!”
Both Meg and Castiel frowned.
“I’m sure I appreciate it,” Castiel replied flatly, his tone the closest he’d come to rebellion in years.
if you’re on his bad side, but when it comes to…” he eyed Brady for a moment then continued, “You ever heard that whole ‘teddy bear on the inside’ or ‘wrapped around the little finger’? That’s Dean-o.”
him, for an entire game, not with so many people there subtly watching them, as if waiting for the drama. It ended up not mattering, because Cas wasn’t even around when the game started.
"Do you have anything to drink?"
After the barber, they stopped off at the mall to buy some actual wearable clothes. For years, Castiel's closet had been split into halves, one side with the button-ups and khakis that his mother bought him, the other with the skin-tight shirts and jeans he wore underneath them when he sneaked out. Neither really fit his personality...or him, for that matter.
About a week before, he came over to cook dinner with me while Sam and Jess worked on their trig at the kitchen table.
Dean held his hands out. “And yet here I am.”
"Yeah, that," Castiel murmured.
He looked at me like I’d hung the fucking moon itself, and I knew that I would do
“I don’t know,” Castiel admitted, but he repeated his earlier promise: “Dean will take care of it.”
But only if the omega wasn’t claimed by its alpha…
,” Cas urged as he resumed his trek back toward the empty estate.
“I asked Garth to look up the Omega gene,” he said. “He says it was from a temple dig in Sumeria, the
Castiel laughed breathlessly as Dean ground his hips against Castiel's ass. "I told you, I was getting ready for a whole hour."
Cas’s gaze shot to his. How the hell was it that everyone knew his business these days?
“I know that we’ve only known each other for a few months, and you’re still grieving for Michael...and that’s good, you need time.” He swiped at the tears that coated Cas’s cheek. “But I’m ready to wait. For you, I’ll wait as long as it takes.”
the right to want more than that.”
Finally he agreed that moving away was the best way to make that happen. So we’d made the call on the flight home from St. Bart’s: we’d move to Arizona together, get an apartment somewhere near campus, and then someday get married when we were ready. And then he’d spent the rest of the flight staring up at me with those star-struck eyes, the same ones he’d given me on my basement couch way back at our beginning.
“Killing him wouldn’t have helped anything,” Dean countered.
“Have a seat, Castiel,” she commanded, and even though they were in his office, in his gallery, Castiel obeyed.
“What do you wish?” he asked softly.
Dean drew in one final deep breath, then turned to follow his brother inside, but he halted when Castiel stepped forward.
“I had it the second I saw those containers,” Dean answered. “I have to see everything, it’s my job to fit it all together.”
He began to scrub at the wall, desperate for the words to be erased, but they wouldn't come off. Fresh tears of frustration began to pour down Castiel's cheeks as he scrubbed harder, his knuckles turning raw with the effort. But the words still remained.
Sam frowned, opened his mouth to argue, but Hannah shook her head and pushed on. “Just for now, just until...”
He’d just stepped out onto his floor when his secretary came hurrying up.
“Nothing. I just let him know that the college of his choice has a zero tolerance policy for the kind of behavior he displayed this morning.”
"Never? Never ever?" Dean teased. Castiel shrugged.
“Naomi and Chuck are going out of town for Thanksgiving,” he finally whispered. “She didn’t even ask me to go. I mean, kinda but not really.”
When Dean had three fingers in Cas’s hole, when he knew he wouldn’t last another second of that talented mouth sucking on his shaft or nibbling at his balls, he whispered roughly, “You want me inside you?”
Charlie let out of a sigh of relief. "Whew! For a second there I thought you'd been taken by body snatchers!"
he mouthed.
“Hannah!” His voice lashed out. “You will leave, you will take Dean with you, you will seal the spell, and you will go to the Council with my instructions!”
Cas stared up at Dean, his expression awestruck. “You did that for me?”
No sooner had they stepped inside, Gabe was running off to find Charlie, the host, and Cas was left alone. He wandered through to the kitchen, hoping to nab a soda, but stopped short. Dean was there, his arm flung around some girl in that Princess Leia bikini costume, laughing and smiling so openly at the others with them.
“I could sense it, from the start. You’d give me exactly what I needed.” Dean shifted back just enough to meet Cas’s steady gaze as he admitted, “At first I was worried, though.”
“Was there anything else?” Dean tried.
“In the only way that counts.”
Then there’d been the football game, when Cas had snuck away from Anna and Balth to find Dean under the bleachers.
“Who is free?” Hannah asked, frightened by the blatant fear, the trembling in his voice. She could feel the fluctuations in his magic, and each time she could sense something malicious and powerful struggling to break free. She knew instinctively that if Castiel was not here, if his magic wasn’t wrapped around hers, strengthening it...whatever being was actually inside that orb would immediately break free and brutally kill her.
A retelling of the previous chapter, this time from our dear Cas's POV.
"Nice to meetcha!" she greeted, waving cheerfully. “We definitely were
“For this, we all must go,” Ana replied.
“Who the hell are you?” Dean spit back.
Pierre guided them to their usual table by the front bay window, the one with the marvelous view of the lake that Castiel never actually got to enjoy. Pierre pulled out the seat across from the window for Hester, leaving Castiel to face the restaurant and diners. Not that he minded; it would provide sufficient distraction from Hester’s predictable criticisms of life.
“Cas!” he yelled, running toward the plane.
The plan worked flawlessly, Dean had to admit. The factory and its warehouse were taken in minutes, even with the heavily armed workers. Cas had sent along word beforehand to spare the scientists—unwilling hostages with very strong incentive to cooperate, nothing more.
“What about me?” He chased my lips, but I ducked away.
"And?" She hissed when he didn't offer any more details.
Castiel's cheeks heated.
, he reached them on the couch. Sam stood and pulled him into a hug, and then those blue eyes were on Dean.
The woman smirked...actually
Down in the basement, Dean stood at the back wall—or rather, where the back wall used to be—as Victor explained what had happened just after dinner.
“Goddamn, Cas,” Dean breathed. His head fell back with a soft thud as his eyes slid shut. Cas shoved one of his thick thighs between Dean’s to grind against him. Dean’s hands fell to his hips, guiding him as they rolled against each other hungrily. “Just like that, Baby.”
Cas’s heart swelled at the sight of Dean, wonderful and handsome and unattainable as ever, being so kind and genuine with the children.
When he got home, the threw himself on his bed and stared at the glow in dark stars on his ceiling, thinking about what to do. He ignored his phone as it vibrated with text after text, until it rang. He picked up and sighed.
The only thing I could figure that kept him coming back was the sex, even though we hadn’t gone “all the way” yet. I
But really, the more he thought about it, the more he realized that the message
What? Where had that...yet a chill ran up Dean’s spine.
Dean looked as if he might reply, no doubt with something that wouldn't be anywhere near appropriate in front of their families, but Mary cut him off.
Castiel nodded. "Sure. Charlie and Crowley. Charlie spends her evenings online playing some game, and Crowley...well..."
“And yours,” Henriksen called back.
are going to find him,” Hannah explained.
The baker who told them about the ruins sent his son along as a guide. It was a hike up, but they still reached the dilapidated building with its broken arches and crumbling walls well before nightfall.
“So many questions!” she scolded lightly, but her voice was still kind. “I believe you have seen something similar before.”
It was heaven, the way his alpha tugged him close, close enough that Dean could feel Cas’s hammering heart. That meant the alpha could probably feel Dean’s heart too, the way it fluttered and skipped around in his chest, so happy to have Castiel this near.
"You have a beautiful cock, Dean," he smiled, taking it into his hand and stroking lightly.
“How long are you gonna keep sitting beside him and smiling as he gives credit for your work to some out-of-touch idiot?”
, came the immediate reply.
There were about five bedraggled omegas running around in the midst of the children, but it was clear they were outnumbered. He wondered if any of them had ever worked with so many kids before.
We might be able to catch up with them in the fall when Cas starts at ASU, where he’ll be living in a nice apartment with Dean, who’s already gotten a job at the nearby auto shop. He doesn’t really need to sell anymore, not since Sammy earned a full-ride to two of his top three...not since Cas started looking at Dean like he hung the moon itself.
The others seemed to grow aware of the danger as well. With little prompting, the bedraggled group shuffled back through to the room with the mural. Dean scooped Ana up in his arms and followed Cas and the others up to the stairs beneath the altar, back out to the fading light of the Italian sunset.
“Well, I’ve been pretty busy since I got into town, so…” Dean hedged.
He indicated the seat across from him. “Care to join me?”
"I copied some of my brother's old quizzes for you to take. You can use the book, then use them as study guides."
She shook her head. “He wants you to have it.”
“He’s stronger than anybody, even Ana,” Hannah explained as she ran beside him. “But Kazimir…” she paused for breath. “Cas is fighting against an old god
“Necessary for who?” Dean challenged. “For the bureau? Or for you?”
“So you know about the drugs?”
They were met at the private air strip by a black town car that drove them high into the mountains to the target’s mansion. There, they met their host, Crowley—a beefy, balding man who wore all black and spoke sardonically about the process he’d perfected.
"I was who Victor wanted me to be, and then I was who Bela accused me of being, mostly out of spite, mind you. And then I was who the other boys wanted me to be."
Gordon bared his teeth in a savage grin. “He was asking for it.”
Brady stared at him pensively for a long moment, then nodded and slid the wad of bills through the narrow gap in his window.
As Ellen passed the pieces of cake, Dean’s mind jumped back to Ash’s birthday party, over three years ago now, the first time he’d seen Cas. Before that night, Dean never would’ve labeled himself anywhere near the LGBTQ spectrum. Sure, he’d had a couple passing thoughts about it—most guys did (or so he’d assured himself)—but never had he suddenly realized how tangible the possibility was.
Dean grinned, taking his hand as he yelled out, “I'm home…” He only hesitated for a moment before adding, “and I got Castiel with me.”
“You, a young witch, barely past the Seven Wonders...you really think you can challenge me, an old god?”
“Donna!” Castiel flung himself into her arms. “It’s Dean! He hurt Dean.”
The man again placed a gentle hand on Cas’s forearm, just as he had in the bakery. “Won’t you please call me Dean?”
Dean smirked. "Wow, that sounds so..."
“It okay, Mom,” he lied. “I mean, he’s here with that guy Jacob.”
“She must have!” Cas reasoned. “She’s the only one who would…” he looked up at the man, tears brimming in his eyes. “I promise, I was never going to do anything about it,” he rambled. “I tried to stay away, but you just—“
Cas smirked. “You wanna do me a favor this weekend, at Alfie’s party?”
Jess and Sam exchanged a look. Dean never sat with them.
“As much as I’d love to just take your word for it,” Castiel bit back sharply, finally tearing his gaze from the machine, “I was given a task by my Supreme, and I intend to see it through.”
When the match finally ended, with Dean as the clear winner, the four men returned to the clubhouse for supper. As he strode toward the dining room, Dean could see Castiel sitting there with his aunt and cousins, his expression uncertain, his posture stiff. He glanced up when the men approached, eyes immediately locking on Dean, anxious and already hurting, prepared for the worst.
Oh...so it wasn’t really a change of subject. It was a clarification: he’d been inside of Cas’s mind.
“But how do you know Joshua is a supplier with us?” The alpha gestured at the stacks between them. “These are all too old to have any information like that.”
When Brady called me that Friday afternoon and I agreed to meet him in the usual abandoned lot, I had no idea how my life would change. But then I was stepping under that bus stop, soaked from the rain, and everything slowed, because all I could see was
Around 7, Naomi bustled into the kitchen to pack up her cookies. "I’m headed out. How much longer is your friend gonna be here?"
“Yeah,” came Sam’s equally soft reply. “Move back towards me.”
Castiel nodded. “They’re kept in the place you know as hell, yet they still fight to escape.”
Dean couldn’t quite figure out if he was pissed or proud. He kept wavering between the two, one second filled with incredulous anger, the next with a helpless sort of pride for the gorgeous asshole.
Brady screeched up to the curb and threw his BMW into park. He leaned forward to peer out the windshield, but even with his wipers going at full, he could only see dim shapes through the downpour.
“I hadn’t heard from him since,” Henriksen shrugged. “Figured something had happened...until two days ago.”
As she said those words, he could see the truth of it in her eyes. This whole time he’d been with Castiel, he’d known about the family, seen the results of its violence in the streets. But he’d never actually understood. Now, with the fear stark on Anna’s face, Dean fully realized what Castiel’s family--the very ones Cas had been trying to escape--were like.
----------------------------
"Victor Henriksen," he admitted breathily.
The next Tuesday evening, Sam was over at Jess’s place for dinner with her family, so it was me and Cas, laid out on the couch in the basement. The TV was going in the background, but neither of us were watching. How could I watch some dumb show with him settled so perfect on top of me, moving his hips like that?
Castiel walked into the familiar house he’d visited so many times, his stomach twisting anxiously. He had no idea what he was going to say. He’d thought about it the whole time he was driving, but he still had no words.
But he didn’t need Dean. He’d gotten over him.
“Who?” Benny asked.
How long it took before they collapsed together, their uneven breaths fanning out on overheated skin, their lips catching briefly, Castiel would never know. All he knew was Dean, still above him, inside of him, surrounding him so completely...a warm steadying weight that kept him from floating away. Castiel pressed another quick, breathless kiss to Dean’s lips.
“Do you gentlemen require an interpreter?” the doorman called in his own heavy Russian accent.
Cas ignored him, tugging off his jacket to hang by the door.
He smiled nervously. “I’m so sorry, your majesty. There was an emergency, and he had to return home.”
“Need it, huh?” Dean teased as one of his hands reached down between them to unbutton the tight jeans, allowing the other slid into the back, down his crack to his hole. “Need me filling up that slutty hole of yours?”
The boy’s cock, even through the blue boxer-briefs, looked delectable—just long enough and thick enough and straining against the cotton. Castiel moaned, teeth clamping down into his lower lip. This was gonna be so fucking worth it.
No, Castiel would do well to remember his situation and just keep those pesky feelings far away beneath the surface.
Dean sat in the arboretum, giant stacks of aged parchment spread out over the table in front of him. To the left, the old trade contracts; to the right, maps with different borders in chronological order. In front of him, certificates of import/export payments. Other stacks littered the table, like birth certificates for a certain village, tax receipts for a neighboring county.
Dean’s phone was back in his hand as he wandered out of the kitchen.
He was so close, so close already. He didn’t think he would be able to control it, the need that consumed him so wholly. When Dean finally, finally, pushed in, Castiel was near sobs, begging shamelessly.
“And what are you going to do?” Sam asked. “Take the old lady out for a spin?”
“Alpha?” Dean whimpered.
Saturday, Dean showed up shortly after lunch, his grin huge. “Ready for our study date?” he teased when Castiel opened the door.
The green-eyed boy smiled at him. "Old family secret," he murmured, reaching up for another kiss. "If I told you, I'd probably have to tie you up and gag you, just to make sure it never got out."
He shook his head. “I’ve never felt that way, not fighting alongside anyone else. Just you.”
The omega gene, on the other hand, had been created using a variety of sources. The primary design had been patterned after the oldest sample the scientists could get their hands on: a relic that had been dug up in an ancient temple for some goddess. As the scientists had spun it, the omega gene had been stolen from “the beginnings of time itself.”
“That’s great,“ he praised, despite the dread that pooled in his gut. Cas wasn’t the fastest-rising officer in his unit for no reason…he’d figure it out eventually.
Dean shrugged. "I was up there hanging out in the stall, and I saw your number and thought, 'Why the hell not?'"
So, uh, I'm pretty much done with the fic. I have all ten chapters typed out, I just need to edit 8-10, so you'll prob have the full fic by tomorrow, if not Friday (we just found out that our "extra week" of spring break got converted to an in-service week, so now I have more work to do, but I definitely want to have this all finished up before we go back.) So, um... thanks for your comments on the previous chapter, and thanks to anyone still reading.
Hannah nodded. “And the fact that he had a forest and a field and a mountain here since before you bonded shows how strong he was then. But now, I think that most of his energy goes toward maintaining the wall.”
Not that he and Dean had ever promised monogamy. But for some reason, Castiel’s mind had latched onto Dean’s promise, onto his words. Castiel was worth something, and he deserved better than a bathroom stall. And so, even though Castiel may not have ever admitted it to himself, he was waiting for Dean. Because if he—Castiel Novak, slut extraordinaire—deserved more than a bathroom stall, then Dean deserved more than a slut who let himself get fucked in one. And Castiel was willing to be better than that for him.
“Better than, you know…” I couldn’t look at him. “I mean, I’m a dealer, not really going nowhere.”
“Indeed, you should have.” Cas glared at them. “The next time your supreme gives a warning, you will know to listen.”
Cas returned the smile and accepted the handshake. “Cas Novak.”
Dean watched his mom blow out the candles on the chocolate cake. He sat there clapping and smiling, forcing a laugh as Sam reached across the table to swipe a finger through the frosting. Ellen began cutting the slices.
“It’s been a while,” he called over his shoulder. As he began to unbind his knuckles, he turned to face the man standing silently just inside the gym door.
“What?”
I knew I wasn’t playing fair when I straddled him like that, but I needed him to listen to me, to look right into my eyes as I murmured, “I feel like...I feel like you’re it for me.”
“Supreme,” a voice called. Cas turned his head to look at the council members shuffling nervously behind him. “We must apologize.”
I rolled my eyes. “Good for her.”
Why wouldn’t M. Winchester just let Cas fade away? He had to know from the others in town how deplorable a human being Cas was. Cas knew M. Winchester talked to them all frequently, for he was always in town, or at least he had been whenever Cas was there.
After working methodically to clear the first floor, Dean and Benny climbed the stairs quietly, pausing to listen every few steps.
His light mood immediately plummeted. Hester sat at his desk, her posture too relaxed, her hands folded primly over her bulging stomach. Castiel glanced back down the hall toward where Anna stood in her office doorway, her expression apologetic. Castiel simply shrugged to show there were no hard feelings.
He led the group down the hall, listened to the children’s inane chatter and occasionally supplied a response, but his senses remained alert on the silent omega beside him.
But the entertainment never came, because Novak—or
?” Dean asked.
He hadn’t meant to moan when Dean nipped at his neck, and he knew Dean probably hadn’t meant to be so loud with his rough, “You like that, Sweetheart?”
Despite the newness of their relationship, there had been something about Dean, something that Cas had easily opened up to. Soon, there wasn’t a part of him that Dean didn’t know. Cas found himself sharing things, things that he’d never thought he would share, things about himself, his past, his father. And Dean…Dean had understood.
“What?” Hannah murmured.
Dean sat at the kitchen bar with an open pack of Oreos, waiting for Cas to return. Meg had passed through a few minutes before, reporting that she’d convinced him to stay and recuperate for a few days, then had slipped away to her own room. He stared down at the countertop, occasionally reaching for another cookie, until a soft noise drew his attention.
Cas felt fresh tears slipping down his cheeks, but these weren’t pained or sorrowful. He finally allowed himself to slump back against Dean, to give the alpha his weight.
He nodded tightly then pointed at the mountain. “Let’s go.”
Crowley smirked. "Ah, I see. I mean, you've known Cassie all of...what, a week? Yes, that definitely overrides years of friendship."
"Don't want you to come too early. Where's the fun in that?"
“This machine creates bonds between alphas and omegas. It does not require any emotional, spiritual, or physical connection. It simply...creates those connections with a fresh bond.” Castiel sighed and muttered, “Even as he tore souls apart, Zeus could only dream of the chaos mankind has created.”
“A warlock,” Dean supplied.
Sam stiffened, and Ana whacked her brother on the arm.
Castiel smiled and started to reply when the phone buzzed again with an unknown number.
"Me, too," Castiel said before he could stop himself. But he found that he didn't regret the words; he couldn't, not when they caused Dean to smile so warmly like that. They smiled at each other for a moment before a waitress came to their table. Castiel recognized her from school and  ducked his head.
,” he blurted, and that froze me in place.
When the dance with Crowley ended, he excused himself to the balcony, needing some fresh air to clear his mind.
“He has your phone?” Sam cried. Dean just smiled abashedly and ran a hand over the back of his neck.
Just like then, and every time since, he could feel it flutter around his heart and tug at his soul.
Dean reached for Castiel’s hand again, this time intertwining their fingers. “Will you please listen to me?” he murmured. “I know about the deal you made with Luci, and I know about the deal he made with Crowley. That’s all over now.”
if you meet up with me now.”
Castiel grabbed his phone and replied to Crowley's text.
By the time the alpha rounded the front of the table where Dean sat, the omega’s expression was calm, with a placid smile plastered firmly in its place. He wasn’t going to give a single damn thing away, not when he was so close to the finish line now.
“Like I’ve now said multiple times,” Victor replied lowly, “that was for your own good. We had to keep tabs on you after that last mission.”
“You were my alpha, for a brief moment, in case you’d forgotten,” Cas turned to whisper over his shoulder. “There’s no telling how your biology might react to seeing me with someone else.”
Cas’s mouth turned up in a small smile. “I guess I can see the logic in that.”
But now Cas had his answer. Dean. Dean would take care of him, just like he would take care of Dean, even after their own graduation, even if it did have to be long distance for a few years. It was worth it, knowing that Dean would be in college earning his degree in mechanical engineering.
”No! Don’t cry, sweetheart,” Dean whispered, and damn him for still making Cas’s stomach flip with the familiar endearment. “Don’t think that! It’s not…” he sighed and leaned his forehead against Cas’s temple. “It’s not like that anymore.”
“That’s not the case at all,” Cas countered. “I meant that I didn’t want you to be stuck with
“I guess he tried to make a move on him after dinner the other night...luckily Kevin came along, stopped him from doing anything.”
“It’s Valentine’s, man!” Ash reminded him.
The car slowed to a stop beside them as the driver's window rolled down.
“But I still love you…” Cas pulled away just enough to press up for a kiss. Dean slid his arms up Cas’s back, pulling him in even closer. Cas broke away and pressed his forehead to Dean’s. “I love you, so fucking much. And even with all that bullshit...I can’t see my future without you.”
“And you think that’s not enough?” Dean cried. “For me, that’s
“Only a witch can bring them back to earth.” Castiel seemed to hesitate. Dean realized Castiel was studying him out of the corner of his eye. He continued on again. “It’s one of the tests the supreme must pass during the Seven Wonders, to gain her title: go to hell and return.”
Dean plastered a false smile, his tone equally false as he responded, “Of course, Sir. Whatever you think is best.”
“Lisa,” Dean answered with a roll of his eyes. “God, it’s a good thing you’re pretty.”
“Soooo,” she drew out the word, “you should take some of that money you’ve been hoarding away for Sam’s tuition and do something with Cas for spring break!”
I shook my head. “It’s that I’m trying to date
“Let’s go, Gordon,” Castiel tried again, no longer able to hide the tears that thickened his voice. “Just you and me. I’ll go with you anywhere.”
I fumed, my fingers flying over the screen.
“What?”
a wizard of the dark magics. They have unnatural power stolen from death itself.”
When neither woman appeared ready to acquiesce, Castiel prepared to step in. But before he could, Hester hurled her final blow.
In that first year that she and Sam dated exclusively, she had to guess that Dean had anywhere between twenty to forty girls in and out of his room. She wasn’t judging him, of course. If that’s what made him happy, then that’s what made him happy. It seemed to be what he was looking for in life...until the next fall, the start of her and Sam’s junior year.
"Yep!" Castiel agreed as he took one last sip of soda.
Dean’s brows furrowed. Ellen was supposed to keep Cas here until Dean could talk to him, but Ellen and Jo were nowhere to be seen. He would have called out to Cas, but between one breath and the next, the detective was gone.
“I was scared too,” the supreme replied. “I couldn’t guess how painful it would be for me, if you returned to your home.”
Before he could do anything stupid, like stalk over and kiss Dean until the omega completely forgot about that idiot Ketch—forget about anything and anyone that wasn’t
“I’m so sorry,” Cas murmured.
“Well, at least we won’t have to find him a job.”
Dean took one step forward, then another. He considered lying, because to tell the truth here would not only expose his failure…it’d expose his heart. He licked his lips then answered. “I tried an auto shop.” He leaned against the doorframe. “I’m better at this.
“He told you about the race?” Cas muttered, and Dean nodded.
"Oh, I like it," Dean assured him. "A little too much."
He hoped.
He poked his head out the bathroom door, looking both ways before he ventured out into the silent hall. He slowly climbed down the stairs, pausing every couple of steps to regain his balance, and toward the gym. He'd sneak out the locker room door and make a dash for the student parking lot from there.
He continued, “Find a way to shut down the production of the machine and a way to counter the bonding. If it was as simple as destroying it, I could have done that in Belarus without getting you involved.”
“Hello, Dean. I hope your day is going well. Can we change our plans for tonight? My cousin wants to see us.”
Dean glanced over at Castiel to find him staring down at the table top.
“How was AP lit today?” Sam asked. Jess had managed to nab a spot in the senior AP lit class so she could clear her schedule for the internship option next year.
Dean slid his nose once again through Cas’s hair, down his temple, and pulled him back in. “Relax, Castiel.”
This weekend was all about Cas, about spending every possible second worshipping him with my mouth on his, my fingers on his skin, my name on his lips. But it wasn’t just about him, I realized, because I found myself crying out his name just as loudly, feeling his fingers dig in just as deeply, riding him to orgasm just as frantically.
“I’m glad you’re so happy to monopolize my time, but I need to get up to the house for my dinner. And you should probably go home too.”
“Did he seem upset or in pain or...” Dean trailed off, again overwhelmed by the damage he might have caused the young man.
Before Dean could say anything else, like maybe suggest they sneak into a bathroom somewhere, a loud cry from the other end of the room interrupted them.
As they walked through the fog, Dean somehow implicitly trusting her to show him the way, he finally found his voice. “Who are you?”
Meg shrugged. “It was like a black goo spreading up through his arm.”
“Are you going to to see him?” Balthazar asked ever so casually.
“You’re bonded with him?” Dean hissed, pointing after Crowley.
“I thought it was hilarious,” he replied, more gasps than words. I bit low on his neck, low enough for him to hide, and he keened loudly. His hips seemed to move on their own as he bucked into my hand. “Is this my punishment then? I really was expecting more, since I did just give Brady a free look at your dick.”
"There's nothing little about me, baby," Dean smirked, thrusting into his hand.
“Castiel?” Dean whispered, his fingers timidly curling into the front of the alpha’s button-up shirt.
Dean’s head dropped ever so slightly as he started on his other hand. “Yeah, since the funeral.” He looked back up at his former boss. “What brings you back?”
Why was he speaking to Cas? He’d done the same before—several times before, actually—and it was still just as confusing.
“I’m requisitioning more men and equipment to make successful arrests of at least…” he counted up the number of Dean’s associates he had seen through surveillance, “seven known criminals.”
As the weather grew colder and the windows began to steam up more during their after-school sessions, Cas found himself growing desperate for Dean again. Every kiss was a singe against his skin, a brand marking him as Dean’s.
Standing a few feet apart, Dean couldn’t help his smile as his detective—no,
"For what?"
“Where is he?” he asked.
They'd arrived early at Charlie's urging; actually,
“It’s too late. I didn’t...I couldn’t...I fucked it all up.”
Dean drew a deep breath, then began.
She mentioned Cas’s name
-heat circumstances, considered trying to hold his breath, but that was stupid. He’d have to breathe eventually. But, if he moved as little as possible...that combined with the potent, leafy smell of the greenhouse should mask his heat-laced scent from the alpha.
, barely in passing, and everything in me jerked to attention. I knew I should play it cool, just walk away and text one of my usuals, but I couldn’t...not when I could learn more about
“Thank you,” he said. That same soft flush from before crept up his neck, but this time Dean kept his gaze firmly on Cas’s.
“Like we were before?” Cas asked, and Dean could see the way those blue eyes seemed to shutter with the words.
Ana glanced at her, lips quirked. “Very astute of you, Love.”
When Dean looked back at him, he found Castiel’s mouth had clamped shut again, his newly golden eyes shining brightly. He would only meet Dean’s gaze for a moment before he spun away.
“No, Benny,” he finally admitted. “You saw it all...you saw how bad I was to him.”
"I've been thinking about this all day," Dean admitted. "Since we were making out in Baby earlier."
Hannah’s voice pulled him from the memory. He stepped from the shop, more determined than ever to find Cas and make this right.
Castiel rolled his eyes dramatically, the winced at the pain the action provoked. "Why the hell would she be jealous of me?"
“So, I’d love to do this again,” his voice was low, so low that Castiel would have missed it, had it not been just the two of them in the silence of an abandoned parking lot.
"I'll be right back with that," she winked at Dean before walking away.
Now, Dean wasn’t even sure how to talk to the other man.
With Charlie's help (when she wasn't trying on ridiculous outfits of her own), he managed to pick out some new clothes that he actually liked. And when he went back to the fitting room to try them on, he actually froze at the sight of himself in the mirror.
She spread her arms wide, an invitation for her father’s inevitable wrath. “Guess now I know...
Then Sam met Jess, this cute girl in one of his classes, and that was it. For weeks he mooned over her, constantly talking about how smart she was, how funny, how kind. Her blonde hair, her dimple, her laugh.
“You sure about this?” Dean asked one final time. “I mean, it’d only be a couple hours wait to hit the road.”
The couple had discovered early on that his family was less likely to make demeaning remarks to Castiel if Dean was there with him, mostly because Dean wouldn’t let them. The one time Raphael had tried to say something disparaging about their relationship, Dean had cut him to shreds with just a few sentences.
“But before the elections even happen, I’ll be able to approach Joshua, who hopefully now feels warm fuzzies for me because of my help to Marcus, and make him an offer with lower taxes and shipping prices on goods he wants to run through our harbor. That’ll encourage a major supplier to divert some of his cash flow into our economy, maybe even build a factory that brings jobs.
This time, Cas didn’t even make plans for if Naomi and Chuck discovered he was missing. Balth would know what to do.
Dean dipped down for another kiss, this time dropping down to mark up his pale neck.
"You like?" Castiel teased.
yet.”
Jess pulled him into a hug, running a hand down his back. “I can promise you that is not the case
Dean’s brow furrowed as a confused frown tugged his mouth downward. “Anna? Who said anything ab—?”
He sauntered away whistling.
stopped the elevator.”
Castiel gaped at him, his ire rising. English was his favorite subject. "We all do! First of all, you don't get a diploma if you don't pass, so there's that. Second of all, English teaches us how to communicate!"
Dropping the gun to her side, Amara grinned. “You always were a crafty one,
"Okay, sweetheart. I have church until late tonight. Will you be alright by yourself?"
"Do you want me to come over?"
“But don’t worry, I beat him for you on the next go-around, so that knocked him down a peg or two.”
He startled, looking over toward the couch. Naomi sat there, a glass of red wine in hand, her devotional book in the other. "Castiel, are you alright?"
Yeah, it would’ve gotten attention from some tabloid or other—those damn reporters were everywhere. This tour though, he’d done a pretty good job of staying out of their sights. It’s not that he minded the tabloids, they gave him free advertising. He just hadn’t once felt like
“Maybe.”
The silence felt heavy around them until Dean broke it once more with a whisper. “I’m not the one you need to convince.”
Cas nodded. “Yes, but I was in Myanmar at the time.”
Cas smiled. “That was an awful joke, I know.”
“We know,” Meg said. “Castiel explained it after he, you know...”
Even Meg threw Cas a bitch-face on that one. “I’m with Father. Just kill him! Make him disappear.”
“You seem to really like him,” she murmured, almost awed. She never, in a million years, would’ve pictured Dean in a steady relationship with anyone, much less a guy. But there was no denying his lovestruck look as he began gushing about how amazing Cas was, how funny, how smart.
----------------
Castiel's cheeks flushed as he recalled Dean's exact promise from earlier that week. Dean smiled across at him. "I meant it."
He found a large common room where dozens of children and tiny little pups played, cried, laughed, all running or crawling around. It was the kind of mayhem that Castiel was well accustomed to.
A burst of laughter drifted from down the hall, breaking the tension that had risen. Castiel’s eyes widened, and, as if the fog had cleared from his mind, he immediately took a step back.
Hester drew herself upright. “Yes, because they were worth the sum, my dear. You, on the other hand...” she let the thought trail off. As they glared at each other, Castiel slipped his phone from his pocket beneath the table, his fingers discreetly flying over the screen.
“What protocol?” Dean’s eyes narrowed.
“My junior year.” I shrugged, but blushed. “Well...I guess there’s some experimentation.”
“I am what I am,” he murmured. “And that will not change.”
For that entire weekend, Dean tugged Cas apart piece by piece, learning new things about him and his body that Castiel himself hadn’t known. Like how sensitive the inside of Cas’s thigh was, or how loud he got when Dean hit his prostate perfectly with every thrust.
“Didn’t seem…didn’t…” Sam stuttered. “Didn’t seem that important?"
Cas stared into the fire grate, watching the flames crackle and burn, leaving nothing but ash.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s mind replayed Cas’s voice from the nightmare.
Estelle turned to him. “I see you know what I mean.”
Cas turned his head to meet Dean’s gaze. He stared into the blue-lit eyes as the omega continued chanting.
Ellen was the omega in charge of the kitchens, which was where Donna bustled Castiel off to after his shower. Ellen sat him down at one of the tables near her workstation and watched as he gobbled down three plates of rations.
me, and I can’t think of a single thing that could make me happier than having the man I love see me.”
When he finally reached the edge of his panties, he snapped the waistband against his flushed skin. He hooked a pinky under the waistband and began to tug the fabric back and forth, moaning softly at the friction the action provided.
“I know,” Dean admitted. “I just like to hear it!”
Castiel’s eyes widened at the photo, and he could practically feel his pupils dilate as he stared at it. The picture was...holy shit, it was fantastic.
"You do?" Castiel wondered, and Dean nodded.
within a couple of minutes. Despite his rush, Castiel still beat him there. The smaller boy sat on the bathroom counter, naked save for a tiny red lace thong, one long leg crossed over the other.
Tears brimmed in his eyes, threatened to spill, but then the damn cat was there, flicking at his cheek with its tail.
“What predicament?”
“Dean,” the man interrupted, his voice suddenly hoarse with something Cas couldn’t identify. “My name is Dean.”
Dean turned to look at him, trying to gage his reaction to being so unceremoniously thrown into the team, but Castiel’s gaze remained on Hannah as he nodded. “We are connected now, beyond just blood and birth. Of course I will help your friends, yes.”
“What?” Cas squeaked as Dean, still naked, took another step closer.
“Gabe texted and said he’d pay me twenty bucks to get a picture of you right now.”
Hannah must have gone on ahead without him, since he couldn’t see her anywhere. He slipped down a side street, searching for some path that would lead him to the mountain.
The device sent audio straight to his phone to be recorded, so he didn’t actually have to listen to the conversation while they were having it. Still, he slipped out a back door to “make a phone call” while Cas and Gabe escaped to Gabe’s office to “catch up.”
Dean jerked away from Cas to throw his arms out. “Of course! She's an actual princess! Someday she’ll be the queen, and I’m just some…you know, and she, she—“
A playful smirk tugged at Dean’s mouth. “That sounds familiar.”
Ironically, because it was a duplicate of their own blood, the Winchesters had never undergone the treatment, so Dean held no secondary gender. Before Sam had gone missing, he’d also held no secondary gender, but when he’d returned from his years-long disappearance, he’d been an alpha.
“He lifted the
Dean’s eyes shot up to meet his. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
"Cas?" Dean whispered as one of Castiel's hands slid up his chest to cup the back of his neck. He began to tug Dean's head down toward him.
When they pulled up in front of Dean’s house, Castiel stared out the window, his eyes wide, his lips little more than a thin line. Why the hell had he thought this was a good idea? He startled when he felt a gentle brush against his arm. He glanced over to find Dean smiling encouragingly.
Dean had to admit that he’d been worried at the way Castiel had closed up, unwilling or unable to talk when they’d arrived back. Now, to see him taking lead and guiding the kids through a game...it was night and day.
“We talked about the proposal for your father. Is that the emergency?”
Dean had left town only a few days later, headed to Europe for the first leg of his tour. He hadn’t reached out to Cas. Hadn’t tried to apologize, to beg forgiveness, to explain.
The rest of the tour seemed to drag on for Dean. He’d considered canceling a stop so he could run back to Cas, swoop him off his feet, but he knew that wouldn’t be fair to the fans. Besides, Cas might still be with Jacob, or possibly even another new person. So Dean’s tour went on as scheduled for more long, lonely weeks.
“But...but...” Amy let out a long, defeated breath. “Okay.”
Dean shrugged. “But that wasn’t really me. I didn’t have any say in it.” He paused, then started, “Have y—” He couldn’t bring himself to finish that question.
"If that's how you want to put it, yes."
“Yes, I’m well aware,” Cas said softly and took a step back.
Dean arched a brow, asking the silent question. Castiel sighed and glanced away, studying some trees across the field.
As he drove back towards the gallery, his mind raced with the possibilities. It may have started out like any other day, but now, with the promise of more time with Dean heavy in his thoughts... he allowed his smile to grow. It had ended up a day unlike any other.
“Wait, what?!” Sam cried out, but at his girlfriend’s pleading expression, he just rolled his eyes. “Fine, I’ll think about it.”
Cas shook his head. “No, I’m sure. I want to spend every second possible with you.”
He turned to Sam and Dean. “We must go. Now!” And then he was running away through the forest, light and swift. Dean took a moment to tug Hannah into a final hug and offer a whispered farewell before running after Castiel, trusting Sam to eventually catch up.
“You know,” Dean murmured as Cas finally broke for air, “it might be better to actually go inside the cabin, since it is ours for the weekend.”
“Look, the boy’s got himself a guy, I don’t care. But he can’t be endangering…” Bobby began, but Dean waved him off.
Dean could feel the muscle ticking in his jaw, the thin press of his lips. But still he nodded.
Castiel stared at him for a long moment, then finally nodded. Dean reached for the alpha’s body, gently pulling it from the omega’s grasp and laying it prone on the floor, then offered a hand.
“Seven,” Cas confirmed, his voice blessedly even.
“You weren’t supposed to,” Cas admitted.
“What?” Detective Bianchi asked, breaking into Cas’s thoughts. Cas glanced at him, annoyance evident in his expression. “Have you ever heard of Max Schumann?”
"Your house is really nice," the boy observed. "Do you usually bring people here?"
“But I haven’t felt anything,” he argued.
"Monotonous," Castiel sighed. "You said you wanted to talk?"
I finally dropped him off close to 7 then drove myself home...only to find Sammy sitting in the living room, his expression uncomfortable.
“My oh my, Cassie!”
“Ready to head to lunch?” John asked brightly.
Dean nodded his gratitude. “And I can see that you’re the same with all your siblings.”
Victor stood, towering over Dean, who remained calmly in place. “If Ash hadn’t gone snooping where he didn’t belong, I can guarantee you he would be alive today. None of this would’ve been necessary!”
Castiel shrugged.
“Sammy…” Dean murmured. Sam finally stopped yelling long enough to finally look at his brother, to see the slight blush and shiny eyes.
The tears finally escaped as Cas collapsed against him, burying his face in Dean’s shirt as soft sobs shook his frame. Dean ran gentle hands over his back, toyed with the short hair at his neck, leaned down to nuzzle his temple, until Cas finally pulled back enough to look up at him.
“Dean,” he greeted, dipping his head once in acknowledgment.
A young woman with tears of blood streaming down her face and dripping from her chin screeched, “Something is wrong with the baby. She’s...she’s a monster!” While a young man with his pistol aimed straight at Cas laughed cruelly. “You’re expendable, just like the rest of us. You really think your gifts give you importance?”
Dean flipped on the radio, ACDC blasting as the Impala roared down the street toward their future.
"Come on!" Castiel moaned petulantly. "I was so close!"
“Ah, that’s one of my personal favorites,” Cas murmured. It was a picture of Dean licking at some gelato. “I call it Thief a la Mode.”
It wasn’t fair that Michael was bleeding out on the floor of a dark closet in an abandoned house, wasn’t fair that Raphael had been damn near gutted by a horde of mindless monsters just last week. Wasn’t fair that, as far as Castiel knew, all of his friends and family were dead, as good as devoured by that same bloodthirsty mob.
Even after Gordon left, Castiel laughed on; he suddenly found he couldn't stop. He laughed until his head hurt, until his side hurt, until his throat was hoarse. And then, once he'd laughed it all out, he began to cry instead. He didn't know when it happened, when the hiccups turned to sobs, but when he came to, he lay sobbing on the dirty bathroom floor, the bathroom floor his knees knew so well. Every time he opened his eyes, Victor's words were right in his face, only hurting him more. He wanted to turn away, to look at anything else, but he hurt too much to move.
Instead, Cas had Dean flat on his back, naked in the middle of the living room as he sucked him down in one swift movement. Dean honest to God keened as Cas began bobbing up and down, coating him with his spit. Dean’s hips bucked, but Cas just kept his mouth tight, absorbing the movements with each bob.
Dean smirked.
The monster quirked its head, and then the woman began to scream in pain as blood burst from her skin like sweat.
His attention was arrested on the gasping woman, just like the demon’s. Neither saw Cas step forward, his loose hair swirling in the wind that seemed to whip from everywhere at once. His eyes glowed a brighter blue, his skin—battered and bruised from the long battle with the demon—healed over like new.
Charles stepped forward. “Dean, this is my son, Castiel.”
Dean laid in the narrow bed beside Cas, both of them staring down at the bundle in the omega’s arms.
“Hey, take it easy,” Sam advised. “Your voice is probably gone after last night.”
He knelt beside her, gathering her into his arms.
"You really think I don't know my own son, Castiel?"
“I’ll pay you double!” Brady offered.
Castiel reached down to undo Dean’s belt and fly, then waited for Dean to kick out of his jeans.
“I can talk to him!” Sam tried. “Dean, you don't…”
Castiel stared at him for a long breath of silence, then smiled gently. “I knew you’d understand.”
He opened the top drawer and plucked his silky red panties from the top of the stack, grinning wickedly as he slid the soft material up his legs and let it settle over his hips. The material stretched over his cock just right.
“Now Dean’s the boss ‘round here. Used to be special forces back in the day, so he’s got all sorts of survival skills. Sammy, that’s his younger brother, is his right-hand man. Benny too, I guess.”
Dean stepped up to the wall to trail his fingers over the rough bricks. He’d thought that he would have to punch his way through or kick it in like he would a door, but the second he ran his hand over the surface, the bricks began shifting, crumbling. In the end, he barely needed to push.
The only times he’d come close to feeling anything there in that vast pit had been those few moments when he’d been with Dean.
Slowly he became aware of eyes on him, and he glanced up to find Castiel studying him. He locked the phone and tucked it away.
“Better me than him, right?”
Castiel wanted to question him, demand to know why he was being so nice, but he kept his mouth shut. If Dean want to play nice,Castiel could play nice.
Dean stared at him for about two seconds, then burst into laughter. “Oh my god! That paperwork was just some old stuff about land disputes between two families.”
“Do you mind if I...?” He gestured into the room, and Dean nodded.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, okay."
“You’re more than welcome.”
Meg straightened in her chair. “What?”
“And you want…” Cas’s eyes locked onto Dean’s.
For a moment, it seemed like Gordon was going to step forward and try to start an altercation, but then something morphed in his expression. He looked angry as ever, hateful even, but there was something else there as well; there was fear. Without so much as a word, Gordon spun away and stalked the opposite way down the hall.
“At least you acknowledge it.”
It was, for those couple days, just us. The rest of the world didn’t seem to exist anymore. It was me and Cas, completely caught up together, and that was fucking perfect.
“Of course, Castiel,” Gadreel agreed. “But Ana never left…”
He pulled out his phone and typed in a quick text with one hand while he steered with the other.
True Mate, his alpha whined.
Kazimir’s body cackled. “You hold no power over me, witch.”
“Whoever can bring me the key around its neck will escort me to the festival.”
where he was going.
Stepping forward, Castiel lifted a hand toward Hannah, almost touched her as Ana had, but stopped himself. “I can feel that, yes.” His face resumed its flat expression, but his demeanor seemed softer as he explained, “The Supreme is our leader, the strongest and best of our coven. She connects us all to each other.“
"I did, thank you."
“What?” Sam couldn’t get his thoughts to settle, to understand. “What do you mean when
And now it was his turn to straddle me, forcing me to look into his eyes.
“What the hell is with these damn blogs!” Meg moaned. She leaned across the table to show Castiel her screen. “Apparently we’re getting back together again. Now it’s going to take me another three weeks, at least, to get that idiot to ask me out.”
He still couldn’t forget the way Cas’s eyes had glowed with so much power, his body practically thrumming with it. His thoughts skipped back further to the first visit, to the worshipful way Cas had gazed at Crowley while descending those stairs, but when he’d sat with Dean, he’d tucked his face away in his neck and kept his eyes hidden from Dean.
Cas reached up to trace Dean’s cheek, his mouth. “Wherever you are, Alpha, that’s my reality.”
Castiel smirked and mouthed back "Dean."
“The pain must be felt,” Hannah murmured.
“No,” Castiel tossed out before Dean could even turn to him. He shot Anna a glare around Dean.
Dean blinked away the heavy thoughts. Instead he smiled at his mom, trying so desperately to be part of this moment for her. He could sense Sam’s gaze on him from time to time, but his brother had the decency to pretend right along with him.
Dean spun to face Brady fully. “Don’t you dare breathe a word of this! And who the hell is Karla, I’ve never even met her.”
“Amara must have told him,” Cas whispered through his tears. “I can’t believe she...after she promised.”
Sam rolled his eyes as he stood and lumbered toward his own bedroom. “It’s literally a t-shirt and jeans. You can’t go wrong.”
The alpha’s head jerked up, and he glanced over his shoulder. “Dean,” he replied hoarsely.
“We should go paintballing soon,” Sam suggested. “We haven’t been since before…” he trailed off for a moment, then pushed on, “since before.”
“Hey, baby,” he murmured, bending down to press a quick kiss against those plush pink lips. His hands slid up to toy with the strap of the pretty red teddy.
“They already trust me.”
Castiel shoved him out of way and walked out out of the parking lot, ignoring Dean's calls. He was surprisingly clear headed as he made his way down the street. He walked to his house and went inside.
The bell rang and Crowley disappeared into a swarm of students rushing to first period.
“Because...because…” Cas struggled to find the words.
She looked up at him, her eyes damp. “There’s been some kind of emergency with Gabe. Hester called saying Cas and Meg both had to go now.”
Dean must have sensed that, because he tilted his head to the side, studying the alpha. “Do you really want to know?”
Ana nodded to the figure’s hand, which pointed toward the next room. She paused before the door, drew a deep breath, and spun to look at Hannah, Sam, and Benny.
Dean stroked a lazy hand down Cas’s spine, savoring the shiver it pulled from the other man. “Thank you,” he whispered as he pressed a gentle kiss to Cas’s forehead.
“What’s up?” I asked.
“Yes, well, better safe than sorry.” Maybe-Kevin shrugged unapologetically then trekked from the lab to wash down.
you’re asking the right questions.” Slowly, she pulled a large manila envelope from her bag and set it down on the table beside the case. “This,” she pointed to the envelope, “is for you. After I leave, you’ll want to look through it.”
“This is pointless!” Meg snarled as Garth wrapped the gash in her arm. “There will always be more dead people for him to bring to life!”
And suddenly, he realized why Castiel was so hesitant. Why he seemed to still hold part of himself away, protective and secret. It was simple self-preservation, preparation for later this evening when Dean would say, “Your family is awful; thanks, but no thanks.”
Dean turned his head to the side and caught Castiel’s mouth with his. As the pulled apart, he offered a small smile.
Castiel was shocked at how straightforward he was about it. Castiel was even more shocked at how little the accusation affected him. Dean hadn't even been that straightforward and it had somehow hurt more. Maybe it was because he'd known Crowley longer?
“Thank goodness!”
Sam was there, talking into his phone. “Yeah, he’s here, Meg.” A pause, then, “No, I don’t know how, but he’s here.”
“Please stop trying so hard,” he whispered.
A small frown settled on Dean’s features, and Cas sighed heavily. “Come on, don't even try to act like you've never snuck around on one of your parents’ rules.”
“Heya, Frank! How’s it going?” Dean asked, clapping him on the back.
He could feel his family and their guests gaping at him. He didn’t care; his mate needed him.
"I know. I'm just... I may have overreacted a little bit...with this other person..."
“I’m glad you like it,” Dean murmured.
He frowned even as he turned to run ahead. “I thought Cas was stronger?”
He'd finally given himself the chance to change, to start anew. He needed to give Dean the same chance.
She nodded. “I’ve been there. I’ve felt it.”
“So let’s hope nothing fantastical happens over dinner,” Sam joked.
Even though Dean’s greeting was familiar now, Castiel still tensed for the briefest of seconds before he recognized the voice. Even though it had been weeks since Gordon had cornered him, he still flinched at every unexpected noise.
But above all that, his practical side won out every time. How would Dean even find him? And that’s if the man felt inclined to do so… Lucifer had been right: Cas was now just a successful mission to Agent Winchester, nothing more. And even then, there was still Cas’s deal with Lucifer, and through him Crowley. If Cas went back on either of them, especially given their shared history...he was a dead man for sure.
“Castiel!” she leaned forward to press an air-kiss to either cheek. “This gala is magnificent.”
“What way?” Cas had to ask, even though he still couldn’t bear to look at Dean.
Castiel watched as the last of the children wandered away hand-in-hand with her mother, enthusiastically relating the games she’d played and the stories she’d heard.
“Mom!” Dean groaned, embarrassed but smiling as Cas pulled him back in for another round of pictures.
Dean’s mouth turned down at the edges. “Of course I’m gonna worry about it! I promised you a safe space, and instead...”
Another burst of light flared from the mountaintop.
Sam studied the machine for a moment more before shaking his head. “We have to consult the others before making any final decisions here.” He glanced at Dean, “I’ll go get them.”
Castiel slumped down onto Dean's chest, his entire body going lax against the older boy's. Dean's arms seemed to wrap themselves around him automatically, holding him as close as possible.
“Really?” Sam’s expression brightened.
But that’s what Castiel wanted, right? All week he’d been telling himself that, counting the days until Dean’s departure to remind himself how temporary this was. But now, hearing it from Dean’s mouth, that countdown shifted, instead turning panicked and frantic. This wasn’t temporary, wasn’t something to be conquered like some foe in battle.
“Oh, I don't know...maybe something extra special? Seeing how it is our last day. Maybe something that really encapsulates all of our shared experiences in this esteemed place?”
She sped her running, trying to hurry past without drawing any attention from Dean or whoever else was with him, but at the last moment, another head popped up. It was Cas…
Benny nodded. “That was a little rough at the end, yes.”
"You look amazing!" She enthused, plucking at his sweater. "Very nerdy chic. They're not gonna know what hit them!"
Castiel finally looked over to her, his blue eyes trapping hers. “I am not asking you... your supreme is commanding you.”
Castiel chuckled. “Most botanists would say so, yes.”
“You’re back!”
“Yes.” He sighed heavily, regretfully, then looked down at the chip. “I have to say...I’m a little surprised you were able to obtain this. I’d heard that Lucifer was going to use it for some kind of deal with Crowley.”
“It’s all a bit odd, but yes...I think I can see it,” Cas agreed. “You were a very persistent little thing.”
He'd almost made it out of the house when he heard the soft, "Castiel?"
As Castiel stepped up beside Crowley, the alpha slid a beefy arm around his slimmer frame and pulled Castiel tight against his side. Dean saw the back of the top Cas wore was open, leaving acres of tan skin on view.
Dean sighed and tossed the phone away. So tomorrow night, he’d hint at the idea of meeting Cas’s family. Because, as much as he was enjoying this, what would be the point of maintaining the relationship otherwise?
Silence fell, until Cas looked back up at Gabriel, whose gaze had gone distant. “He barely even flinched. It’s like he took exactly two seconds to feel that pain, and then he was back to being professional.”
“Well, she uh...she saw something today…” he hedged.
"I don't know. I may have to help my dad with some stuff."
The pain was leeching away slowly, so slowly, allowing him to fully understand the frantic whispering.
The tears that had been brimming spilled over as Cas threw his arms around Dean, pulling him in tight. Dean’s arms immediately slipped around Cas’s waist, holding him there just as tightly.
Ah, so that was the incident. Dean remembered Meg having to run and recreate herself from scratch. Maybe this man—Castiel, according to Henriksen—had to do the same.
Cas glared at him. “You and Sam, the epitome alphas?” He shook his head. “No, absolutely not.”
Dean’s head popped up at the sound of the gunshot.
. There was no way I could just ignore this.
“I should think so; it’s not every day one finds a Rothko just sitting in some back alley shop,” she muttered, her tone derisive. “The way we treat our masters...unacceptable.”
In America, if they were born a white male alpha, they were ensured a life of ease and privilege. If they were born as anything else, it was condemnation to a life with some level of discrimination or suppression..usually both.
“What’s your call, Sam?” he spoke into the earpiece.
And that was the truth. Earlier that day, when he’d gone into town, no one had even
“I need a favor.”
“And that’s it right there,” Dean responded. “I need to help Sammy, give him a future he can be happy with. And I happen to be pretty damn good at what I do, too.”
Castiel giggled and nipped at his lower lip. "Not that I don't love the mouth to mouth, but we are on a limited time-frame here..."
Cas turned his tear-stained face toward Dean, his gaze now golden and bright with emotion. “My mother…”
“Let’s go check it out,” he grunted. Benny nodded, imperturbable as ever as he wiped off his machete then fell into step behind Dean.
Again two rings. This time, a deep voice filtered through the speakers. “Good afternoon, Agent. Status?”
That next morning, Castiel walked into school with his head held high. He felt a twinge of anxiety as different people did double-takes, but he mentally recited Charlie's words of wisdom with each step.
He spoke until his throat felt hoarse, but still he pressed on. He described the scene as he had last seen it, with the grass brown and withered, and the town destroyed and burning, and the new wall—tall and strong, except for that one broken gap.
With a muttered “
“Cas!”
Castiel pulled back, but not too far as Dean’s arm slid around his waist. “What are you doing here?”
"You should have been there for a lot of stuff. But you were too busy fucking someone else."
“Okay, I guess I can win, too,” Cas conceded as he pressed in for another kiss.
Dean smiled. "I can see it now; veteran reporter Castiel Novak and his bestselling novels based on his real-life adventures." Castiel blushed, and Dean's smile grew. "I'll be the fan that shows up to all of your book signings and cries tears of joy when I get the restraining order, because I actually got your autograph."
He just had to make through the week, and then the visit would be over, and he’d be leaving. Maybe in the familiarity of his home with some distance from the alpha, his wounded omega wouldn’t hurt so much.
“She did?” Castiel encouraged.
He’d been so near this entire time...but what did it matter? To him, Cas wasn’t even someone to pity. No, to him, Cas was but a neighbor to thank.
The bell rang, and everyone shifted to look at Ms. Mills. The few times Jess managed to glance at Cas, her heart broke all over again. She wanted to hug him, to assure him that whatever Ruby and Crowley had said, that was the old Dean, the before-Cas Dean. But when class ended, Cas was out the door before she’d even managed to pack up her books.
“You know I’m still older than you,” Dean called after him.
I’d been expecting some idiot, mostly because Brady had told me so—don’t ask me why I believed the one person that I knew was
He placed a hand on Cas’s arm. “Please tell me.”
Castiel’s glare hardened at the implication of his statement.
“Ok,” Cas murmured in understanding, nodding for Dean to continue.
“Where was that break in the wall?” Hannah asked.
Four days later, Dean walked into the kitchen, only to stop short. Castiel was sitting at the kitchen bar, sipping from a giant mug.
Later, when they had drawn out their time for as long as possible, when the restaurant had emptied of all but them, when it became obvious that the evening had to come to an end, Dean walked Castiel back to his car. Neither seemed keen to rush, turning the short walk through the parking lot into a leisurely stroll.
"Hey, ketchup is what makes this stuff delicious! And you didn't answer me."
He pulled out his phone and shot of a simple text.
I never brought the guys to our house, never even told Sammy about them. Not that he’d care, but I didn’t want Dad to find out if he ever managed to actually stumble home. If John ever found out...he’d kick me out in a heartbeat, and then it’d be even tougher for me to look out for Sam.
When the group of bedraggled men stumbled into the compound after another three days—a full week after they’d left—Castiel almost burst into tears. Dean was back, alive and safe. It was Benny whose leg had gotten hurt, holding up the group’s return, but even he seemed fine, aside from needing to be supported between two other men for his leg.
But then that was the last time he ever mentioned his mom, her betrayal. At some point over that trip, he'd finally realized, fully accepted even, that he had something,
leave? You’re leaving too, right?”
Cas nodded. “I’m so sorry I didn’t ask you about it. I just...I assumed it’d hurt less if I just let it end now. And then I saw you in the kitchen with that girl.”
The moment he’d left the room, Dean spun back to Cas. “What the hell?”
Dean flopped back against the sheets, his entire body loose and pliant. But it felt wrong. The soft body that curled up against him was so different from the body the night before, and it just...it was off. All of it.
He turned on the sink, making sure that the water was as cold as possible, then bent down to splash some on his face. When he stood straight again, he studied his reflection, noting the bruises and swelling with an almost clinical eye.
“Who are you?” it screamed. “Reveal to me your true name!”
“None of it was,” Hannah murmured.
“Thank you,” Cas murmured.
“Right now, I suppose,” Castiel replied.
"Fine," Dean growled. He tugged his clothes on and left.
“And now, not only is he going to see Dean with another alpha...he’s going to see him with fucking
“Really,” Cas murmured. “We found a boot print at the scene…a really good one! The left heel was worn way down.”
“No, it's not that…” Dean hurried to assure him. Cas arched a brow, waiting for further explanation.
So then why did Castiel still feel so...bleh? He'd never felt this way right after sex before. Sure, the emptiness eventually came on, demanding to be filled again, but never right off the bat like this. He was still coming down, and he already knew it had been a poor substitute. But for what?
Ginny nodded mutely and moved to retrieve the whimpering pup from his crib. As soon as she had him within reach of Castiel, the baby made a desperate lunge for the omega.
Dean shook his head to clear it. Cas hated him now, that much was clear. Or, if he didn’t hate him, he wished he did. Deep inside, Dean kinda wished they could hate each other too.
He watched from below as Castiel sent beam after beam of blue at the cloud and blocked the responding purple trails. It was obvious that the fight would be short, and within minutes, Castiel had single-handedly defeated the wizard that Dean’s entire team hadn’t managed to get a scratch on for days. The hordes of dead soldiers fell to the ground, once again lifeless and unmoving.
Cas’s head slumped forward into Dean’s neck, his mouth hot and wet against the warm skin there as he moaned loudly. He rolled his hips, caught between the delicious friction of their cocks grinding together through their jeans and that finger teasing at him.
“Yeah, it’s pretty good. But now…now that I have all of this freedom, I’m realizing…” Dean drew a deep breath, “I’m realizing that I want more. I want someone to share that freedom with.”
“I’m fine,” Cas muttered, finally lowering his weapon. He turned and shoved it back into the hutch drawer. “You?”
Oh, shit.
He’d hidden out here, unable to watch Dean flirt with anyone and everyone, from married to single, young to old, men to women. He just couldn’t stand it, but he was firm in his resolution: nothing would happen between him and the omega.
“Why? Do you think anyone is going to believe you, even if you did go public?” Cas reasoned. “I know you’re struggling with your imports; Gabe told me so just a few weeks ago. You’ve lost a lot of credibility.”
“Hey, um…” He trailed off for a moment before regaining his courage and smiling hesitantly. “thank you. For this.”
“Then it’s settled, you’re coming home with me.” Castiel dipped to run his nose up Dean’s throat, smiling at the goosebumps it raised along the omega’s skin. “I know Father and Michael will be thrilled to have someone with your expertise filling a seat among their advisors.”
"Kiss me? You can do that and more whenever you want."
“Oh, stop with that!” Dean interrupted. “I’m no such thing. I'm arrogant, impatient, sarcastic...as you can probably attest to.”
Dean finally pulled away, but only to begin kissing a trail of hot kisses down Castiel's throat. Castiel's head fell back, allowing him better access as he licked and nipped at the taut skin. Dean groaned. Castiel was so responsive, trembling under his mouth.
Short, to the point, but Victor would know what it meant. Dean would call in tomorrow to give the full report, but this should satisfy the senior agent’s need for constant check-ins.
Dean smiled at his enthusiasm and gestured toward it, “Why don’t you give it a spin?”
Dean frowned at her. “What does he know ab--”
what the boy would do when he could have him here, actually doing those things?
Dean turned to Victor and the few remaining men. “Wait here, on your guard. If we’re not back in fifteen, shut it.”
"Shut up, dumbass. Stop trying to change the subject," Crowley muttered, sounding flustered.
“Thank you.”
“Of course I am,” Castiel responded, his voice firm even as his posture stiffened. “It’s just been a long couple of days, as I’m sure you can understand.”
“Assbutt,” Castiel added. Both Sam and Dean arched a brow at him as Mary walked in from the kitchen, steaming casserole dish in hand.
That drew Castiel up short.
“And that’s what makes these men so effective,” Cas explained to the assembled officers and detectives, confidence evident in his tone. “Their ability to blend in. They’ll have wives, children. They’ll spend their evenings at home, surrounded by their loving families. But, don’t be fooled; underneath that family-friendly exterior, they are cold-blooded criminals.”
At first this was definitely just a one-chapter, outsider POV fic, but this morning I woke up with Cas's side in my mind. There are several shared scenes from chapter 1, but all are completely re-written from Cas's side (ie: I didn't just copy and paste those parts), but there are also a few new scenes that Brady would have never known about.
No one forgot the embarrassment that Raphael earned at Dean’s sharp tongue, and no one wanted it repeated, especially not if that sharp tongue was directed at them. But, inevitably, Dean would have to miss something—he had a business trip scheduled for the weekend of Hester’s big birthday celebration.
“Ummmm….well, I kinda like this one, so I'm thinking we shouldn't scare him away…”Castiel murmured.
Castiel hated waiting for the bus on the best of days, but today, with the rain dumping down, sluicing over the top of the bus stop and splashing all over him...he really hated it.
Dean laid on the floor, tense and unmoving, with Hannah kneeling at his head. Sam had already pointed out how much it looked like what Cas had done during Dean’s nightmare.
“A little while, yes,” Henriksen responded. He stepped forward, hands clasped tightly behind his back. “Since the funeral.”
“I need to get to the airport,” Dean muttered.
Cas could only ask the empty air one question: “Why?”
Castiel's gaze narrowed. "Jealous? Why?"
He squirted some more lube onto Dean's cock, smiling flirtatiously as he lined himself up and sunk down, taking him all the way to the base.
"I know, but I need to get back home. I promised Sammy I’d help him with his math homework."
“I always like talking about the good things in my life,” Castiel explained. Dean seemed to freeze for a moment, surprise clear on his face, but then his smile was back.
“You can't make me...” she tried.
Several long hours later, Cas was propped up on his pillows, Dean curled into his side.
Cas sighed heavily. “Why can’t he just get Crowley to do it?”
Dean grimaced, but tried to pass it as a smile. “Just doing my job, Sir.”
“Yeah, I think that’s why it’s so easy for me to move on.” I reached down to nudge his nose with mine. “What about you?”
Dean and Sam exchanged glances, and Dean shook his head, a smirk on his face. “She’s still pissed cause it got called Winchester Eleven.”
"You ready, baby?" Castiel murmured.
“Would it be appropriate?” he finally mumbled. M. Winchester’s brow furrowed in confusion, and Castiel hurried to explain. “Given that you’re courting Amara?”
Before he could start running toward the shed, Meg’s voice jumped back on. “Wait, I think they’re in Crowley’s office upstairs, the private one.”
God, everything was still so easy for these guys: no real field experience under their belt yet, no scars, no nightmares. No blood of their best friends on their hands. He didn’t chastise the man, as he might have once. Instead he simply gathered his wallet and keys and strode toward the elevator. He wasn’t here to deal with any punk security guard, anyways.
After two rings, a smooth female voice filled the car. “Smiley Dental Works. How may I help you?”
“How did…” Castiel floundered for a moment. “How did you find me?”
The phone wasn’t there.
Castiel frowned down at his cardigan. "Cardigans are classy."
“Castiel...” she tried, but he shook his head.
We parked in the employee lot behind the abandoned Kmart and dug into our burgers as we talked about our mornings, me at Bobby’s, him at school. But when we’d finished eating, I pulled him into my lap and let him snuggle close.
“Yes, sorry,” Castiel apologized, mentally shaking himself. He stood upright. “Let’s finish that walk-through.”
“I didn’t know if you’d ever get over her.”
Minutes passed, long and tedious, perhaps the first of an eternity.
Dean turned back to the man, already reaching out, but quite suddenly the alpha, Castiel, spun on his heel and strode back into the palace.
“Best boyfriend ever,” Dean declared. Cas couldn't help his smile, despite the nagging voice in the back of his head.
Dean stared after her, a shocked expression on his face. “Is she always…?”
Castiel floundered. He’d expected anger. He’d expected Crowley to lecture for being so stupid as to let Dean back in after he’d slept with Bela. He’d expected a lot of things, but disinterest was not one of them. Crowley sensed this and sighed.
As Castiel settled in beside Leah, he smiled across at Anna. “How were things in the infirmary today?”
Sam, who’d usually roll his eyes and say something about dramatics, now nodded tersely. “I’ll take care of them.”
Castiel hummed and nodded, then paused to glare up at the alpha. “But this is the only good reason to wake me!”
Castiel answered with his own question. “What are you doing here?”
Cas stared at him for a long moment, trying to gage if there was malicious intent behind the offer.
Sam stepped forward and offered a handshake. “I’m Prince Samuel Winchester, and this is my brother Dean.”
Cas giggled and sat up. “Carpet burn?”
“He seems pretty crafty,” Castiel admitted.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed. “Some punks were causing trouble for this latest group we got.”
