sat down, as he held a piece of toast with marmalade in his hand, which he’d prepared before waking John up, and the Omega was munching his way through his own, more laden plate of toast. Very laden, in fact.
“Yes, I thought so, too,” John replied, not rising to it. He leaned in so their noses were touching, and he had trouble making his eyes see a face rather than blobs of colour.
“I have,” the doctor said and was simultaneously astonished and not surprised at all to find that he meant it, too. But he had, hadn’t he? Several times over, really, and not just through this, either.
They kept chatting on an on-and-off basis, dependent on what else they had to do, through the weekend, so that when Monday rolled around, it felt like a natural extension to be meeting up after school to practise.
But it wouldn’t. Even as he watched it tremble and shiver across the surface of the foot, he knew that it would hold. There were no cracks, no indicators that anything would break, even under the pressure.
Something moved. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted it then it was gone. Each time he turned to fix upon it, it moved out of visual range. He could feel its presence, though, and what was more, he recognised it.
At the same time, Sherlock wasn’t exactly keen on him moving, it seemed, not if it seemed like he was moving away. What to do?
Those contradictory actions had been odd but then, when he’d seen the man, sauntering quietly towards him, they paled in comparison.
Even with the pull of the scent bond, he could’ve decided to merely have it dissolved, however that would work. Or he could’ve kept it at that, refusing to bond with John further. Insisted the Omega had an abort-
Oh, it looked new, at first glance. Second and third glance, too, if you were quick and undiscerning about it. Look just a little bit closer, a little bit more perceptively, and you would find that only the outer layer was brand new, to the point that had it been paint there would’ve been a sign, which corresponded well with the feeling that had crystallised, somewhat literally, at the constant mention of Mycroft.
I'm trying but I've edited and rewritten more than once and this...this is what I can give you. Sorry.
“Uh-huh. Pull the other one, it’s got bells on.” He decided not to push him further on the real reason, though. “They won’t move yet, it’s far too early.”
However, he kept hold of the hand in his own the whole time, making sure that he had him right here. That he wasn’t going away.
Perhaps even the instincts of his secondary gender were something he played at rather than genuinely feeling them, being ruled or merely influenced by them as most other people were. It wasn’t something that had been done a lot of research into, as far as the brunet knew, but it seemed quite plausible, really.
Then there was a part of him, small but growing persistently despite his best efforts, like a weed, that forgave John, and its argument was that it wasn’t John’s fault that he was busy with something to do afterwards or that Sherlock might’ve expected something else when he saw him.
Once he thought about it, though, he was surprised and even then, probably not as much as he ought to be, to learn that yes, actually, it was alright.
for Moriarty to bother with, even as a money maker, then they would only know when and into which account they put the money.
No, not odd. Uncomfortable. Yes, it made sense that he would be more at ease if he’d slept for thirty-six or even forty-eight hours but was that enough to explain it? Was there something else at play here, something that explained it far better? He certainly had the distinct feeling that however well he slept, this was too strong to be explained by that.
“Because you’re far from boring, at least for now. But then, very few things aren’t boring for long.”
“I get that, love,” John said. “I do and I’m not – I’m not blaming you for your solution to the problem. It’s not that. Never that. It’s just that…that I don’t want to lose you, either. There cannot only be one solution or the other.”
That in turn allowed ‘John’ to pull him away, moments before the jaws of the dragon snapped closed around him. Instead, they closed around empty air.
That brought a smile out on Sherlock’s own lips; he could easily imagine the look on his brother’s face if he did indeed show up with that. But he didn’t much care for the implications of it and so his smile disappeared almost as soon as it had appeared.
The voice on the other end of the phone hesitated for a moment. “There are quite a few details omitted or blacked out, but I have people working on – “
That it wasn’t a little girl that stood in the door was to be expected. After all, she was only four, an age where a lot of children have developed a shy nature. And she might have even been taught that she shouldn’t open the door on her own, either, in case there were anyone who wished her harm on the other side.
Well, perhaps that was a bit fanciful. John would probably have called it hyperbolic instead but that was just silly.
But he hadn’t counted on becoming pregnant this time. He didn’t get Heats anymore, not even broken ones like the one that had produced Tessa. As far as he’d known, he was infertile. There’d been nothing to worry about when he’d dealt with Sherlock’s Rut. How was he to know that he’d scent bond with the man, much less actually be impregnated by him? It was a fluke.
John tensed more noticeably at that but otherwise, his expression didn’t seem to change. Very studiously didn’t, in fact.
John firmly ignored the slightly acerbic comments in his mind and got in line. There were three people in front of him. At least, there started out being three.
He had been out before after he had escaped the harem and been released from hospital, that was true enough. But that had been together with Sherlock and what was more, it had been with a specific purpose in mind – and even then, he hadn’t entirely escaped that strange sensation of being out among people.
Yes. It was. As was the fact that John, well aware of what Sherlock was doing – he had to be, at this point, it was fairly blaring it all out – hadn’t pulled away, protested or otherwise tried to halt proceedings. His expression didn’t indicate shock, either, or having frozen up.
he was only carrying the one. Gods, the thought of carrying twins, or more, plus his little daughter when they found her – he refused to think of other possible outcomes – that was…not that he didn’t want them, of course he did, but going from none to three while getting to know each other, apart from everything else, might be a little much for them.
That snapped the doctor’s gaze back up, a flare of anger overtaking the embarrassment to a degree. “You are not stopping me from that. I won’t be your keep-at-home Omega, Sherlock.”
A few emotions flickered across the other man’s face at that, fast as the frames of a movie, too fast to catch. What he settled on wasn’t what John would expect, though possibly, he should learn not to expect anything.
“Don’t make me wish that were the case. I love them already even though I haven’t met them yet, and I wouldn’t want to only have the one now that I know we’re having two, but they’re going to kill me long before I get to birth them if they keep going at this rate.”
With his free hand, he took the doctor’s hand, which wasn’t pulled away, and placed the watch in the palm, closing the fingers around it gently, relishing the contact just a little. Again, John let him.
“But, he’s the one who works from home, which allows him to pick her up from school as early as possible, and it’s a bit…there’s something of one-upping each other with affection, isn’t there?”
"I can’t know how I would interpret it if you don’t tell me,” he said, as gently as possible as he placed his cheek on top of the other’s head. “That said, I will neither demand nor even ask that you tell me. You know I trust you.”
Before he knew quite what he was doing, he was down on his knees, though still with a straight back and positioned so that he shielded both John and Tessa as best he could. He didn’t try to grab her or otherwise reach for or push her into some place.
“I believe that’s the first thing you’ve told me about your family. It’s definitely the first positive one.”
In a strange but not unpleasant or uncomfortable way, that felt to the admittedly entirely inexperienced in such areas younger Holmes as a wedding vow, especially with the solemnity of the voice and the way it was phrased. Which, of course, in a way was what they were doing, were intending to do once they’d…well, not in so many words and there wouldn’t be a cake to cut, but –
“Really?” The disbelief was back in full force. “Then tell me what the fuck it is that you’re playing at because from where I’m standing, it sure as hell looks like you couldn’t wait to be shot of me!”
“As I have not yet found a method which will allow me shut off my ears and thereby finally block your nasal screech from my ear canal entirely, then yes, speaking purely technically, I am. It still falls a long way short of being actual speech, but you can’t have everything, I suppose.”
Sherlock looked mildly annoyed, though whether it was for being called out or not being able to feel them yet, John wasn’t sure.
Without pausing to think about what he was doing, which was possibly for the best, really, Sherlock stood up, his arms still wrapped around the small girl in his arms as tightly as possible so as to keep her secure and as shielded from potential traumatic images as he could.
The instincts of the soldier, however, saw it much differently, and while they too told him to stay put, it was for completely different reasons. For one thing, they registered that the stance of the Alpha, for all of the crossed arms, was that a soldier, one that’d been in the military long enough to have the posture ingrained in him but had also been out of the military long enough for it to have lost some of its rigidness. Why would someone like that no longer be a soldier? There seemed no obvious reason but then again, neither was there anything visible in John, was there.
Bonding in the sense of two human beings sharing an emotion and a moment together and growing just that little bit closer because of it. Nothing to do with glands or instincts.
idea that I would change my mind, not to mention after everything I’ve bloody well said?” John snapped.
It was more or less just spilling from him at that point, with little control over what came out, thoughts given voice without much filter. It felt cathartic even as it felt string-cutting.
He looked up from where he had buried his head, which turned out to be a little girl’s hair. Well, her hair and her shoulder.
The consulting detective nodded, took a deep breath and looked down on his finger. John followed his gaze, and, unlike earlier, didn’t have to wait long.
Basically, while they’d gathered as much intelligence about the place and the girl that they’d been at all able to, it was still trying to hit a target that moved at constantly changing speeds, if not an outright shot in the dark.
A small subsection of that part was busy collecting as much data about John’s hand as possible, to store away for future remembrance and use. There was little chance of forgetting John, he knew that by this point, so he might as well take as much as he could get.
It was alright to have misgivings and fears, about his dragon nature and his relationship with John. Especially with the two of them overlapping. That was natural and he wasn’t going to escape that, no matter how hard he’d try or how vehemently he might attempt to persuade himself he was above such emotions. Which the things he’d held and had around him right now, not to mention the wing itself, amply proved he was not.
Should he not have done it all? No, he didn’t think so…he’d wanted to do it this way, quite apart from everything else, and it had seemed the most fitting for getting across what he wanted.
“I wouldn’t,” he repeated instead.  Involuntarily, he grabbed tighter onto the hand he was still holding. Willing him to believe him. “They’re not interesting to me because they’re dead people or because I can add them to my pile. They’re interesting because they allow me to use my brain instead of letting it rot. You know that, John.”
It then occurred to him that he had forgotten something very important; the explosives that his blogger was decked out in was still a factor and could still cause serious damage, to him, and, of course, death to John.
John grinned at that. It was only for a moment, but the consulting detective would take what he could get.
Up this close, he could scent her, too. Not quite as strongly as if he’d nosed at where the prepubescent version of her scent gland was, of course, and in general, her scent would be mild compared to what it’d be once she’d hit puberty, but it was still there, clear like a small bell.
After all, he was nearing home, and he would have to act inconspicuous. For all that he liked to pretend John didn’t notice, his partner had always been fairly observant and had only flourished in the time they’d known each other.
That pleading, that naked vulnerability that was too lost and flickering to be anything but genuine got through to the doctor, and not just because it was that of the lost creature pleading for help.
Knowing his partner, however, he might be sending him somewhere…well, it could as well be through seven more shops for something stupid to running through an abandoned tube line – discovering that someone had wanted to…have the Necropolis line fulfil its function again and was killing people to accomplish it had been…an interesting case, to say the least – to attending a high society Christmas do.
“It’s merely that such behaviour, the desire for a mate rather than an object to covet, as it were, that doesn’t…Mycroft has never heard of it happening with anyone other than another…”
Someone tapped him on the shoulder, hard enough to get his attention. His eyes narrowed as he turned to face them, but the sharp reply died on his tongue.
The point was that he could’ve easily done such a thing for the reason that Mycroft claimed without being aware of it. Some things did run deep, after all, and though he had never ever felt a smidgeon of romantic feelings and maybe only just some lustful possessiveness towards people before now, hence why he’d deleted it in the first place, it would make sense that it would be John.
“Why? I mean, we weren’t supposed to move out of the harem, how interesting could it possibly be for her to know where the phone was within the same building?”
“Hardly efficient, as you well know, nor does it require the use of an airport. No, you will be going by plane.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, reaching out to lay a hand against a stubbled jaw. “Even if you had, I know it’s more complicated than just…well, than I gave it credit for.”
What would be more accurate was to call it tethered. He could reach out into the stream with his rope, knowing that something was keeping him from being swept away in the current, something immovable.
But of course. It was unreasonable to expect him not to go to his room at any point without Sherlock following him just because he was scared of what might happen. Just as it was unreasonable of him to…and that was too long a list to even begin to contemplate, now or in the foreseeable future.
Thankfully, no comments along the lines of ‘it’s all going fine’ or ‘there’s nothing to worry about’ fell from Sherlock’s mouth. If they had, John would probably have bitten right back, overdoing it significantly.
“No. He hasn’t been here,” John said but the answer came a little too quickly. Not enough to suggest that he was lying, just that it was a truth covering over something else that he was happy enough not to say.
He had done enough dawdling and it hadn’t resolved anything. That wasn’t to say that everything that had happened or that he’d thought about was something he’d categorise as ‘dawdling’ or something similar.
Now wasn’t the time for the speculations, though, and so he managed to push them away and focus on, first, John singing the verse again, and then, playing the refrain together for the final time, this time doing his best to look out at the audience rather than the other teen.
in the world nor any other mythical creatures. They were a physical impossibility through and through, only feasible within the imagination.
“You didn’t realise that you are carrying twins,” he said instead, raising an eyebrow. “In fact, you were adamant that you’re only carrying one.” He caressed the expanse for emphasis.
“So, when Mycroft comes around and tells us to leave it be, you can say ‘but he started it’? Yeah, ta for that.” The smile was growing, though.
John’s jaw worked for a moment. “Sherlock, could you…please just drop it. I didn’t mean for you to sleep propped up against the bed, I just wanted some way for us both to sleep comfortably, without my bloody instincts waking me up in the middle of the night and thumping the hell out of you because you’re inadvertently triggering something.”
Thankfully, it seemed that John felt the same way. At least, he couldn’t help his own giggle, not that the brunet was sure he even tried. He couldn’t blame him either, honestly.
Sherlock nodded mutely, as much focused on getting the jumble in his mind under control as dealing with the other teen. That and not embarrass himself, further than he already had, at least.
Sherlock didn’t answer. If it didn’t know already, he saw no reason to enlighten it. Not because he was afraid that it would thereby have a way in, to break the rope but because he had better things to be doing with his time.
The doctor stopped, his hands clenching slightly against his sides. He didn’t look up from the countertop.
The Baker Street couple discover some odd movements on John's bank account, which might reveal something important, and Mycroft gets a delivery that's both helpful and very unwelcome.
Normally, John would’ve felt exposed by that gaze, in a way that had nothing to do with how much he had on, and a slight bit uncomfortable with it, even after as much exposure to it as he’d had. Normally, it would also have been a downright deduction and while there were elements of that, most definitely, it didn’t feel flaying in the way it usually did.
at him that he should. That that was his very purpose in life, to protect his bond mate and their children. Their
It was the tension of a predator getting within striking distance of its intended prey, but the prey was not without defensive measures and needed to be accommodated for as they struck. Especially since those defensive measures were as much offensive measures as anything.
“Please don’t do anything foolish, Sherlock. There will be plenty of issues to smooth over as is without you gallivanting about and making a mess of things.”
The doctor took a step back at that. Sherlock didn’t try to hold onto the hand, much as he wanted to. To be honest, it was proving hard for him to hold still at all and not press his hands against his head or pull at his horns. They suddenly hurt. Why did they hurt? His head hurt, too. Why?
“Forgive me for correcting your priorities, Sherlock,” John ground out between his teeth, his eyes darting around the room as he spoke, “but right now,
The word slipped out so quickly, so easily, that Sherlock almost didn’t register it as anything out of the ordinary. Then it hit home and started to crumble his heart.
A feeling of regret, of thinking he had made the worst possible mistake he ever possibly could’ve made in his life, flared inside of Sherlock at that. Just as quickly as it had grown, however, it died back down.
John, finding that his legs were suddenly, finally cooperative once more, darted over to the front door to close and lock it. Trying not to think about the fact that in the process he was also locking himself in with two dangerous creatures, for all that he knew them, he looked around the living room.
He kept his promise about not going anywhere as he sat himself down with his back pressed against the doorframe, facing the room and the bed as best he was able to from the position.
One might argue that there would be no need for him to wear one at all, once all of this was over, and that the hunting knife would do its job until then and while that was technically true, John would prefer something that, if nothing else, had a scabbard. Quite apart from being found out, as it were, he would quite like it if he could mitigate the risk of the tip stabbing into his thigh, especially if it were a vein or even an artery. However remote, it was a risk that he could do without.
In reality, of course, it took at least a little longer than that, as what had happened had to have registered. If Sherlock had to be honest, it took a moment for him to compute just what had occurred and what it meant, and he was right next to it.
“Finally!” The Alpha looked slightly triumphant at that, which was ridiculous but also more than a little endearing, if it was what John suspected it was; it wasn’t his money and yet, it mattered to him.
It didn’t take a lot to work out what the ellipsis was covering over but it was slightly puzzling that John felt the need to change it.
That thought was both irrelevant and rather minor, though. The majority of John’s thoughts were taking up with sympathy for Sherlock. It might of course be more than that, in fact it was unquestionably much more complicated than that, but it was hard not to hear about such experiences and relate it to his reticence and resentment of relationships to at least some degree.
He then remembered that the comment had in fact been a question but realised at the same time that he didn’t know how to answer it.
Especially when Sherlock’s claim of his brother being the British Government didn’t seem as farfetched an idea as it once had, which meant far longer hours even than normal civil servants, far greater things to juggle and a lot more stress than anyone else.
He had to get out of here; he wasn’t yet out of danger. Just because this felt calmer and safer didn’t mean that it was.
As though I would be influenced by something as pathetic and dependent as that. Look at how he’s needed you for his life, for something to give it meaning and purpose. For you to provide him with excitement and thrill, all that he had been missing in his life since he came home a cripple, while at the same time providing him with something to fuss over and take care of.
Then, honestly, without being melodramatic, the gun, the real or mental one, was the better option. That way, they would at least only lose one of them.
What had he done? It had to be possible to work backwards from what he’d done and apply that to this situation. Of course it was, he merely hadn’t found the way. So, all he needed to do was think, and that was something he was good at, wasn’t it? Supposed to be, at any rate.
“Which brings me right back to my earlier point. Why, if you don’t have any need of a way in, or out, to act as a gateway, have you waited until now? It’s not as though you haven’t had plenty of opportunities for it over the years. As I believed was pointed out to you before, too.”
Which was why John, if he possibly could, stepped in to help and be the counterweight and the voice of reason. The helping hand and the primary knot in the support network.
They wouldn’t be performing a school play this year. That wasn’t what was bad. In fact, he didn’t care about the school play, except to plan how not to be part of it.
“I could’ve walked away when I did, couldn’t I? Even with the scent bond and all its issues, I could’ve walked away.”
The collar hid some of them, but a lot had been exposed by Tessa’s touches and there was no doubting their presence; a row of indents as clear and as unequivocal as any someone had ever left in a bond mate.
“I will kill you,” he said into the phone, his voice deadly calm. “Whatever I’ll have to do to stay alive long enough to find you and kill you thrice over, I will do it.”
However, they’d come up with a solution to that the night before, after their mostly silent but nevertheless companionable dinner, when they’d discussed just how much Moriarty would have access to and whether John wasn’t still effectively destitute, as that whole bank account was…well, compromised, for lack of a less overly dramatic term.
John was worried that shouting or similar outbursts might be enough to trigger something in Sherlock, that much was obvious, and it didn’t exactly take a lot to work out what he thought that something was.
“No, you can usually manage that without, that’s true. Look, I’m just saying, there are things about being a dragon that people would give their arm for.”
“Ideally, I would have liked to have brought her with me to choose herself but as that is rather a wish for the future and not the present, given the…situation in question, this will have to suffice. I was assured by the assistant that it was something that a girl of four would adore.”
Snatches of conversation. That was, snatches of conversation that was one-sided, in the sense that he could only hear the one side. Snatches that were…too fragmented to make sense of but were definitely from John.
The one who had stalked the Omega when he’d been out on his own, merely to further disquiet John and set all of his alarms bell ringing.
It wasn’t until they reached France that they were likely to have issues and therefore needed to be alert.
Sherlock opened his mouth to…either to say something snarky and unhelpful, mostly likely, or instead to ask a question of his own, or possibly several, about the state of John himself. Not to answer the question posed, that was for certain.
What he got wasn’t what he expected; John looked at him, warmth, incredulity, worry, sympathy, empathy and love dancing in those blue eyes, but he hardly got time to examine all those emotions before a quick, hard, and unexpected whack of hand and arm to the back of his knees caught him by surprise and sent him off-balance.
Mycroft had been right; in between the headache he’d had when he’d been sitting on the sofa, trying to explain to John just what the whole hoarding and claiming was about – had there been something in there about him not wanting to claim the doctor, too? He couldn’t recall, though he tried hard – and when he’d resurfaced with John halfway out the window, there was nothing.
Looking closer at the other’s face again, though he’d in fact rather not, Sherlock saw a tightness to the full-on grin he now had on, one that spoke of something only capable of stretching so far before snapping, and the most minute of twitches under an eye.
He sighed. “I can smell you, you know. Well, yeah, you do know. You ought to, anyway, you’re able to scent my moods.”
Which put John in even more of a conundrum over what he ought to believe. Was Sherlock really that tired or was there something else at play?
There was unquestionably pleading in the last sentence. John had to know that, at least. It wasn’t even that he could collect cases. That was too insubstantial, too much of a concept rather than a physical thing for him to grab onto, and so the closest he could get was through the more meaning-packed mementos he snatched from points in the most interesting cases.
The identity of harem keeper wasn’t one he was particularly keen on remembering, even if he had no intention to pretend it hadn’t happened. He wasn’t ashamed of it but nor was he particularly proud and yet, he was proud of his charges but at the same time, he felt incredibly guilty about how he’d assisted in their fate and…it was a mess, and that was putting it mildly.
Had he shot himself in the foot with that? There was significance to what John had collected, and Sherlock had thought he’d appreciate it, but would he? Had it instead been too much? The proverbial straw?
Something moved at the nearest window, which of course was rather large. Despite himself, Sherlock looked in that direction and was more startled than he wanted to admit to see a familiar icy-pale eye with slitted pupil stare in at him through it. It was a whole lot larger than he would’ve imagined, had he allowed himself to imagine that kind of thing.
Its hand slithered further up and either became or revealed itself to be more cephalopodan as it did so, twisting itself around, its suckers digging into him. He tried to wrest his arm free all through that movement, while still pushing forward, the others closing in on him. It didn’t work, though, even as he twisted and pulled harder at his own arm. It smiled at him, a wide and toothless gap.
The arms alone were enough to make that impression but the scent coming off her, the purer, cleaner scent of a child that had not yet reached the added layers and hormones that puberty would bring, made the sale, as it were.
There was also the risk that they couldn’t ignore; Moriarty was out there and without some kind of claim on him, John was not merely fair game, he had an active target on him that was honing in. It had been made clear that he would become game, the phone call had cemented that, metaphorically hung on the wall when the chase was over. Or perhaps not necessarily all that metaphorically, considering the person in question.
John gave him a look at that, but the beaming smile broke through almost the moment the look manifested. There were no doubt about the tears now, but as they were tears of joy, evidently, that was alright. More than alright.
Such dragons were unstable, to put it mildly, and while he highly doubted that was the reason for Moriarty’s behaviour – for one thing, it would be incredibly pat and dull, two words that didn’t stick with Moriarty at all – it made his interest in John even more undesirable.
“Yes, now. Why not now? It’s hardly as though you’ve got a lot of other places to be right now. The case has wrapped up.”
“Because I’m…” He seemed to hesitate as his brow furrowed in thought. Then it cleared and he continued, “I want to try again.”
Well…might as well get some rest. It wasn’t going to be a long flight, and they hadn’t been running a marathon since they’d got up or anything, but they could both do with the rest, nevertheless. Any kind of rest, really.
But that wasn’t how it came out. It came out quiet and, though not exactly small…defeated, somehow. It was the vocal equivalent of shoulders sagging down suddenly and heavily.
Only, the thin, young person didn’t continue moving past as would’ve been expected. Instead, they stopped and turned, for all intents and purposes supplanting John’s place in line.
Before he could voice anything, however, he was thoroughly halted by something unexpected; Moriarty leaned forward further, right up so his face was inches from John’s, and then he inhaled. A deep, slow pull, as though he was sampling the scents on the air like one would the bouquet of a wine.
He sent a silent prayer upwards to whatever deity or thing that might be lurking in the Heavens, to say thank you for letting him be the bond mate of an Alpha such as Sherlock, with the addition that he knew what he had and he was going to look after it.
It might be that he was being tricked, of course, with the nature of dragons and everything that had happened, but it didn’t feel that way. If that had been within the vocabulary, as it were, it felt likely that he’d have employed it much sooner, feral reaction or not.
His silence evidently aggravated the dragon, which rumbled somewhere in the depths, the eye’s pupil contracting. It shouldn’t be possible to contract further but it did.
“Not fully, not since we rang the doorbell to the house. But you’re still, to a varying extent depending on what’s happened, locked into a practical mindset that doesn’t allow for much emotion to slip through. Not in general and certainly not on your face.”
pay Sherlock back but, not wanting to rock the boat further after what had just happened, he kept that to himself.
No, but somehow, the thought of Sherlock being a vampire seemed more logical than him being a bloody dragon. It would fit with the general aesthetic of his appearance, that was for sure, what with the lean body and the pale skin and the alluring eyes and –
Even the thought of that felt monumental and horrifying at the same time, as though to consider it was something sacrilegious.
Mycroft seemed to have had time to gather himself, or at least retreat to safety behind a mask. “Ah. The famous Watson anger. Has it ever proven even remotely beneficial to anyone in your family? I seem to recall your sister faring quite – “
Tessa continued to look back and forth, her frown deepening. She cast a quick glance at Sherlock again, as if he could help, but all he could do was –
John’s lips quirked in an odd imitation of a smile. “You are still Mr. Married-to-my-Work, aren’t you?” he said, his voice warm but…sadly wistful? Just slightly? “The one who has always had nothing but scorn and haughty dismissal to utter about the defects of the human brain, including that of love? Hell, in that context, you being a dragon is…to be honest, I don’t even know whether it explains a lot or just makes it more confusing. But in any case, it doesn’t exactly take a genius to work out that you might not want to hear somebody else express those sentiments to you.”
The thing was, however, that the anger was no longer the main emotion inside or even at the forefront, and that, he thought, was at least partially because he now understood why. Not the exact ins and outs of dragons and their behaviour, obviously, but the reasons for them happening, he now got, at least to an extent.
Sherlock’s minute flinch at that wasn’t feigned, whether the doctor believed it or not. There wasn’t much doubt that he saw it.
Another crash and finally it registered in John’s mind what it had been he’d heard crashing. It wasn’t items in the room – now knowing what he was and what that entailed, the room seemed oddly spartan in its decoration – smashing to the ground because the two dragons were fighting and knocking things over.
He hastened to correct himself, not least because he didn’t want John to stop touching him altogether. “What I meant was – “
The possibility that he might not get here at all was one that Sherlock tried not to think of but which he couldn’t shake in its entirety. Enough so that he’d gone over possible reasons why he might not make it here, including that he just didn’t want to. That latter one he’d pushed away with everything he had. It was unnecessary and unrealistic.
He took a brief breath before ploughing on. ”The experience has altered you sufficiently that you cannot step back into your old life, the known world you chose to turn your back on – “ and John couldn’t help the tiny wince at that, even though he knew that there was no judgement there and no reason to react to what he’d done in vastly different circumstances with very limited options, especially as it couldn’t change them – “for reasons that I don’t know but don’t doubt their legitimacy whatsoever. You have lived isolated from the world, mostly, only seen the dregs of society, and not the interesting dregs, and now you have returned, without even the tiniest of tethers to what you had, deliberately so.
‘Monday is fine. And honestly, it’d be an improvement over what I’m forced to deal with here. At least they are interesting from time to time. – SH’
He was tempted to open said shirt but resisted, as that wasn’t the point of this exercise. Instead, he opened only the jacket and kissed on top of the shirt, above the point where the scar of the entrance wound from the bullet that ended the doctor’s military career.
“I know,” he said, “and I’m sorry for getting defensive over it. To be honest, I’m mostly worried that what we’ll be putting them through for the foreseeable future or what I’ve already put them through.”
“I meant your apologising, John. There was no need to apologise, then or before, and therefore, I’m not hearing it.”
He wasn’t quite quick enough, though; the kettle was only just coming to a boil when he heard the padding of bare feet against the floor. They were oddly quiet, however, which didn’t tally.
Shuddering himself at the thought, it was another one that he had to push aside for later consideration, and he couldn’t say whether he was reluctant or grateful.
“Please don’t, John,” he whispered, voice strangled, very aware of his body and the fact that John was just behind him. Close enough to lean into. Close enough to easily hurt.
Would you listen to him? He was sounding disgustingly mediocre, to say the least. Was that what being in a relationship did to you? Dull your senses and your brain, your entire being brought down to mediocrity? To some simpleton that would try to justify not spotting the most obvious clues that was brought to him, something which even Anderson –
The point was that he wasn’t a possession, either in the dragon or the human sense of the term, and Sherlock would make certain that he never treated him as such. Whatever that would take.
The mouth opened further, the teeth shifting to resemble those of aforementioned alligator as they moved closer, the body underneath him shifting as well, in what was, presumably, judging by the changes he could see, the same way as before.
What felt like an excruciatingly long time passed during which nothing seemed to happen, apart from the mirage-like image of the dragon fluctuating in solidity. Then suddenly, in one swift movement, with a pained, but repressed noise akin to the screech of a barn owl mixed with the rumble of earth moving, he turned his hand around and pressed the box into John’s still outstretched one, closing his hand around it for just a fraction of a second before he yanked his hand back.
Which, of course, could be something they just did – except there was something a bit too…furtive about them in general for that to be remotely believable.
Their nature was also partly responsible for why she’d only woken up now, though in reality, they might as well have kept her in the clutches of unconsciousness for the rest of her life, at the mercy of her body, which would still go into Heat, while her mind was suffering non-participatory deterioration.
“I hope you won’t consider this me not fulfilling the agreement,” was all he chose to say, after another moment.
Squeezing the hand of ‘John’ even tighter, feeling the presence of the real John right beside him back in his body, lending him his strength, even if he didn’t quite know it, Sherlock began to try to claw his way out of the grip it had.
If anyone asked, Sherlock was perfectly alright with waiting for John to get here. Even if it might take a while for him to reach this place, it wasn’t as though it was particularly cold or even uncomfortable. This was a place that was intended for lounging about on, after all, though normally, it was for warm summer nights. Or, given that this was London, anything that vaguely approached warm summer nights. Hot was a concept in a magazine.
How could he tell? After all, their sibling rivalry was heavily entangled with the instincts and behaviour of dragons, for very obvious reasons, and it would be difficult to know which stemmed from being siblings and which from their dragon heritage, especially without others to use for reference.
But they weren’t, were they? He’d removed all the dust that he could, which had eased the suffering if nothing else, and Mycroft had headed out for a cure, which he would bring back soon, and they’d apply it.
“Oh, but you don’t trust me, Johnny-boy. The only reason you’re asking me is because you have no other choice. You’re not scared of me, either, though, which is interesting.”
But John, wonderful, clever John, understood and didn’t get angry at him for it. Shaken though he unquestionably was, and worried and scared, he also had enough thought to ask for that which would help, for both him and his mate.
For all of those reasons, and probably a lot more besides that he didn’t have the time to contemplate, no matter how fast his brain, or wasn’t, right now, Sherlock was sure that he was to find the other points somewhere in the vicinity of this first one. This was the newest part of his mind, in a sense, and –
“It’s hardly going to happen from this once, and it’s much better than you not sleeping in a proper bed, with your leg.”
Not all the bullets that had more than grazed him had hit him there but as a good portion had, it was as good a place to start as any.
“Might be – wait, no, hold up. Not going there right now. This has already been far too much to take in for one day, night, period, whatever. I’m not going to ask about dragon reproduction because I think that might actually make my head explode.”
The brunet blinked again, rapidly, but his eyes stayed the same after he’d done so and his teeth when he briefly grimaced also looked decidedly human. Now if only the claws would disappear, too, John could rest far more assured that he wasn’t still on the precipice of going dragon again.
Of course, that all depended on how this…trip turned out. Not because he thought that his newfound homelife was going to be ripped from under him through it – Sherlock’s words and his actions had spoken abundantly clearly on that score, repeatedly – or it would crumple underneath them.
Moriarty had been rather pleasant as he stood there, behaving as though he hadn’t just barged into a home without invitation and assaulted strangers, even talking quite amiably. His focus hadn’t been on the Beta, however, but on the bundle in his arms.
He was going to finish that with something along the lines of punching him, again, but Sherlock interrupted, and he apparently took it in a different way.
Much to his dismay, Sherlock had been somewhat forced to eat more regularly in the last year. Like it or not, to grow and develop, which included his brain, needed fuel and plenty of it. Furthermore, he’d learned to his cost what happened if he ignored it entirely; he collapsed and was out for the count for some considerable time afterwards.
He was surprised and delighted to learn that they shared some of the same interests, for example in biology, even though they approached it from two different angles, as it were, one being personal and compassionate and the other purely scientific.
Oh, not when it came to him being a criminal mastermind. Granted, that was something, too, and the sheer
Wait, what? What the hell was he saying? That wasn’t what he had intended, much less wanted to say. It was still true, but that wasn’t how he was supposed to start it off. If anything, this was going to undermine it.
Sherlock blinked again, then closed his eyes tight. That was only for a moment, though, thankfully, and he then opened them wide. The doctor was also incredibly relieved to no longer hear even a trace of a keen.
“I don’t know for certain,” Mycroft sighed. He was getting to his feet, frustratingly elegantly. “It could be a few different things, I’m afraid. The fact that Moriarty is apparently another dragon could be a help in narrowing it down, as he knows what is harmful to us. At the same time, he is not exactly the most stable of people, so – “
She asked what it was. John explained, as best and as succinctly as he could, and Sherlock watched her face light up while at the same time, she frowned in continued confusion.
The wings had, along with the rest of the appendages, shrunk away, at last, a sight which even half an hour earlier would’ve filled him with absolute joy, but there was no indication that they couldn’t come back. That Sherlock was no longer not in control of them and he had merely done away with them for the moment.
Even taking that into account, though, there were no bodily signs that he was struggling to carry what Sherlock had made him bring.
What she had experienced during those four years might not be something that was good – this new set of information about the other parents was not definitive one way or the other for how her childhood so far had been – but it was still part of her history. They owed it to her to respect that and let her know that history.
Judging by his bond mate’s face and scent, then, along with his own observations, the Beta was at least not lying about being traumatised.
For a purpose, it turned out, and not to say goodbye. Instead, he’d unearthed a pen which he was pulling the cap off with his teeth. Then he started to write.
No, John continued on his way quite oblivious to the effect he had. The most he knew was a sense of guilt at what he’d done that slowly grew as he walked. After all, the idiot was only behaving like every media told him a young Omega ought to act, with perhaps a bit more flair than most managed. Nobody had told him why such behaviours were encouraged or what the consequences would be.
Sherlock frowned in incomprehension and worry but only for a moment. Then, as he understood, he grinned.
“I know I don’t need to, and I do not do it because of any instinct or obligation. I do it because you are my mate and I would help you in any way that I possibly can. Especially with something like this.”
The ginger man sighed. “It means, Doctor Watson, that if it is the case that he has claimed you, but not as a possession, and you are genuinely unaware of it, it might explain at least part of his reaction.”
Curiously, though, the thing that he’d prodded earlier, which was a part of him that he hadn’t noticed, that did not feel tied to this area at all, and it hadn’t given him any input, as it were. It just stayed there, soft and pliable and part of him, without asking for anything else. That concept might sound odd but given his current surroundings, it was almost mundane.
It took a long, suspended moment for him to register that someone had spoken and another still for him to realise it was John. Which was stupid, as it could only be the doctor – unless Moriarty had somehow managed not only to get in but had mastered shapeshifting into different human guises – though to be fair to him, Sherlock was a little distracted.
It usually ended up with the younger Holmes walking right back out, after he’d been dragged in there in the first place, of the headmaster’s office without so much as a blemish on his record, which of course only made it worse.
“That I’ve had some time to think while I’ve watched you sleep. No, don’t – don’t interrupt me, Sherlock, please.” John held up a hand as he gave the brunet a look that brooked no argument. “It was what you were worried about before we went to sleep, after all. Part of it. That you couldn’t be trusted.”
The blond pursed his lips for a moment as he shook it off. “I know. I just…not the right phrasing right now. I’ll make it up to you with the coat, though, I promise.”
It was tempting to just cart him back to bed and let that be that. After all, it was sleep he needed.
. It was about…them. Solving crimes together. Running across rooftops, chasing criminals, punching them and outwitting them. About John making him tea, getting him to eat ‘just this bloody once, Sherlock, you stick-figure’, grumbling over something or other, buying takeaway, yelling at him for putting body parts in the fridge. Laughing with him. Being with him. Staying with him. Being his friend. Being…more.
So he closed his eyes and sank down into his own mind, keeping a tight hold of the hand still in his as he did so.
How could his heart still beat fit to dance the devil’s jig at this point? Sherlock didn’t know, but since it was a dance of joy and relief and love, he couldn’t find it in him to care, either.
Had he lost the grip on the dragon while he had been asleep, as he had sought to avoid by intending to dose instead of full-on sleeping, and had…had done what he had promised himself and John he wouldn’t?
Or maybe John was reaching or making conjecture. Who knew, really, what went on inside that massive brain, after all, besides Sherlock? To be perfectly honest, he wasn’t even entirely sure Sherlock knew, though he probably wouldn’t ever admit to that.
Not only was that jarring, to see him have that much of a reaction to what had to be the words rather than Moriarty’s presence, which he knew about, but it confirmed something that he really could have done without ever knowing for certain.
He was just about to close the door again and continue to look for his boyfriend elsewhere in the flat, in the hope that he was still in the flat and just having got himself tied up in something, probably in his brain, when he spotted something.
This time, though, John didn’t sound or feel particularly angry. Well, he was still angry that dragons used humans that way, saw them like that but then again, it wasn’t as though he could claim humans didn’t do the exact same thing, was it? They didn’t even have the excuse of a biological imperative. There might be some imperative, of course, but a depressing number of people couldn’t claim even that.
“Does that answer your question?” he asked, his voice remaining quiet but with a smidgeon of amusement and a wider streak of hope in it.
However, none came. Even though he waited a moment for it, then another, there was no comments of that ilk, from either of them.
Given that Sherlock didn’t have to rely on his instincts or his muscles, there was no need to allow them to call the shots. He might be able to win in a purely physical fight, if it were him against Moriarty, of course, but it would either not be a purely physical fight or he would have Moran to deal with, instead.
“I don’t blame you for not recognising it,” the Omega said once he’d managed to stop laughing, which thankfully hadn’t seemed to offend the Alpha in any way, even though he was still frowning. “It’s a very odd thing, isn’t it?”
“Of course,” the ginger said, without saying anything else. Sherlock gave his hand another squeeze, still staying silent.
That – that unquestionably happened. Even groggy as he was, there was no doubt that the wing moved and not as a mere result of it being shifted by something or someone else.
Silence. He waited again, the unpleasant thing behind his ribs growing ever so slightly as it sunk lower.
It wasn’t a big noise by any stretch and yet, that seemed to be what finally attracted Moriarty’s attention, for whatever reason. Or, more likely, it was a conscious decision on his part to look up then.
“It doesn’t really matter,” John said. “His colleagues couldn’t hear, anyway. He had a headset on, only he could hear us. But it did the trick, so thank you.”
The elder Holmes stopped at the doctor’s silent request, hovering just out of range with an indiscernible expression that John was still willing to bet meant concern for his brother.
His anger and hurt, which had, though he wouldn’t admit it, burned inside of him since Monday, flickered and faded in the light of the evidence before his eyes.
He didn’t. At all. It had felt good, to be included in something that evidently came so naturally to John, just a casual, friendly touch. It was just that it never happened to him that had foxed him.
Sure? Of course I’m – you don’t think I’d do this, all of this, if I were still weighing the options?” Alright, so perhaps his tone was the minutest bit snappy. Could he be blamed for that? Well, possibly, but… “That I would – “
“Sherlock! You need to leave!” John was shouting now, yanking at his arm as he tried to pivot him back the way he had come.
If they got into trouble, then he was only a call away – he was as interested in getting a niece as Sherlock was in being her adoptive father, which was a little bit strange, all things considered, but mainly, it was terribly sweet – but someone needed to stay and make sure things worked.
That he had tried to return it later, that was something different, though. Or perhaps the desire to keep John there, to not anger him, further, and have him move out, had clashed with the courting claim? He had no solid idea. It needed further research, like so much of what had happened since the kidnapping.
“Help. Him. Now.” If the words said previously had felt hissed or forced out, these now sounded as though they were dragged out screaming and kicking. “Please!”
On the fear, he knew it to be fear even before he’d got it out to see, that was a marble egg, unusually large and black and streaked. It struck him as odd, even more so than the gun and in particular the jade statue, because it seemed not only useless but exceeding boring, too.
He almost added, somewhat snarky, ‘on holiday?’, but the image of being on an actual vacation, hotel and all, with not just three kids, but
“Then we will have to…ensure your safety for the time being until such a time where we have devised another solution.”
As the music died away, silence descended. Sherlock wasn’t bothered, though. This had never been about performing for an audience, whether his family was there or not.
“No, you’re not,” John interrupted, his voice deceptively calm. He still didn’t move. “You’re never sorry. Not really. Not for things like that, for trampling all over me.”
This had definitely turned out more eventful a trip than he ever would’ve imagined and not purely for good reasons, either.
He thought about pointing out that if he was going to fall, then they’d give out whether John was there, or he was on his own but decided against it. It would hardly go down well.
Closing his eyes again, both to concentrate and so as not to see potential evidence of what he’d wrought, Sherlock looked within himself. He had to be careful he didn’t slip further down into his Mind Palace and then even further down.
Making up his mind to just be right behind John for when he was needed, Sherlock nudged his partner, who was watching the city pass by him, literally but also somewhat metaphorically.
You are amazing and sweet readers, one and all of you, and I'm grateful for all of you! I'm sorry this is a day late, RL stuff has been...somewhat rough. But it's longer than usual, so there's that.
There is a portion of blank space at the bottom of the paper. It has been filled with handwriting as have the margins. The handwriting in both places is in the same hand but the one in the margins is a far faster scrawl and roughly contemporary with the document’s printing.” He didn’t elaborate on the kinds of comments in said margins. “The one at the bottom is in English and added far more recently.”
That and through all of this, he’d gotten a far greater appreciation and respect for the man, not only as a genuinely caring brother but as a person, flawed as he was.
Even if he was right, it didn’t mean that he ought to run after him, knife or not. Probably especially not then, because then he had not even the tiniest hint of an excuse of ignorance.
It took Sherlock a disorientating moment to realise that it hadn’t come from him. Nor from Tessa, which would’ve been his next guess, had he the mind to guess right then, and John’s lips were pulled back in a snarl.
No, there was a difference between that and this. He’d been in control of that…somewhat in control…and that had been of his own volition. Anyway, he’d stopped a long time ago, hadn’t he? He’d been
Like all the other parts that went into making up John H. Watson, as is the case with anyone. It had just taken him a little while to see that himself, though coming to terms with it was still a work in progress. He did have a lot of other things on his mind, too, it had to be said.
Never mind the teensy, tiny fact that losing himself had almost resulted in him losing John as well. He felt his heart clench.
it mattered because it would tell him or at least give him a hint as to how to proceed. Or, if it turned out the kiss had been entirely on Sherlock’s part, as he was beginning to suspect, and John had said what he had for ulterior, though not negative, reasons, if he ought to proceed at all.
As he could feel the dragon lurking underneath, sinking progressively but still worryingly slowly further and further down in his mind, ready to rise back up if he should lose control, his determination to keep it held together was significantly strengthened.
Sherlock winced at the words, something which, again, didn’t seem right for him to do. He tugged at his hands again, this time with enough force to get them out of the doctor’s hands. That meant his claws bit into soft skin before they disengaged, not quite drawing blood but certainly rising welts.
“Coming – oh. Yeah, of course I am, you tit,” John said fondly. “You really think I’m going to miss that now that I’ve been given the go-ahead? Honestly, and they said you were smart.”
John stayed in the kitchen, though, even after the door had closed, making himself, and only himself, a cuppa. He contemplated making himself something to eat, too, as he’d only bought himself a toastie while out but decided against it, on the grounds that there likely wouldn’t be much to make anything from, and he wanted to be out of the room soon.
Though many lacked what could be called an actual face, there was nevertheless no doubt that they were making noise nor that a good few of them were grinning at him.
Tears were underselling it, too; sobs were the more appropriate term to describe the way his whole body seemed to heave and shake, the wailing issuing from him only subdued because it all happened in the back of his throat, like a distressed whale imitator.
“I know,” John interrupted, breaking through what the brunet was saying, or possibly rambling about, even with the quiet calmness of his voice. His evidently carefully calm and quiet voice.
Even Sherlock’s brain, vast and curly enough to resemble a collaboration between M.C. Escher and Rube Goldberg, with the caveat that it actually worked, shied away from the implication of that.
He wanted something more than what they’ve had. Or perhaps it was more accurate to say that he wanted a formalisation of what they had, not so much the next level as the inevitable next chapter of a book. That wasn’t to say it didn’t feel like a big step, because it did, but at the same time, it felt like turning to each other and shrugging at the same time because of course that just happened.
This time, the taller man did topple onto the mattress though he did so gently, not bouncing when he landed.
He knew, too, that though he had declined that assistance, he was bound to find Mycroft’s attempts at helping, nevertheless. That it had never been on the cards for him to respect that Sherlock had said no, however emphatic, that was, overly dramatic, he’d been about it.
It was only when the sense of calm in both body and mind hit him that he realised the clamour there’d been in his mind, and that he’d gone tense, on edge.
“I’d rather you wake me if there’s something bothering you rather than having to find out through scent. You know, tell me what’s wrong, that sort of thing. Which I know, yes, pot and kettle, but…” He paused, looking up at the standing, almost looming, man.
The realisation was that though he clearly still struggled, the times he most successfully managed to do it was when he was working together with John.
“Understandable,” Mycroft eventually replied, slightly clipped but only slightly. “As I said, however, we do take – “
“That your instincts aren’t exclusively something to loathe, battle and resist.” He gestured at the way Sherlock was practically curled around him, the width of the arms and back of the chair assisting him in staying in place along with his closeness to John and his lanky but wiry body. “Just like that there, for instance.”
Except…there was no movement. No attempt to get the teeth to connect with his throat again. Nothing. Just the white eyes continuing to stare at him, unblinking. He thought he saw them flicker and become that more familiar pale kaleidoscope for just a moment more than once as they stared but he wasn’t at all sure. It could as well be nothing more than wishful thinking on his part.
This was not a defeat. Not in the slightest. They would have her back with them, whatever it would take.
“If we need to spend time dealing with every single issue I have, whether large or small – and jealousy isn’t one of them, at any rate – then we are going to be here until you have grown a beard you can hide a hand in.”
The elder brother didn’t make any attempt to draw attention to himself, either, though. Instead he chose to watch what was playing out in front of him with bated breath, hoping that his brother had finally managed to find enough of a tether to break all the way through and take over again. That what had happened in the bedroom after the blond had scarpered had been enough to make the difference.
“I’m sorry, that was – that was fucking thoughtless and horrible of me. As if you aren’t aware of all that already, you don’t need me to – “
If he expected John to wrap himself around him, though, he was to be disappointed. Nor did he get pulled down to get snogged for all he was worth.
That thought filled him with warmth and did, indeed, defuse a good portion of his anger and agitation. Not so much it vanished altogether but enough so that it was once again within his control.
It was funny, in a way, how much easier they seemed to find dealing with something that would send most other people into a state of utter panic and terror, relatively speaking. Well, perhaps ‘much easier’ was overselling it, but there was the sense that they were in it together and it was the rest of the world that was horrifying and difficult to deal with.
He felt the chin move, the stubble of two days scratching across his bare skin before lips pressed against the skin, the juxtaposition of soft, warm lips and the scratchy softness of the stubble creating a lovely sensation.
Sherlock didn’t answer, just pressed his face against John’s chest, his lips against skin while his fingers dug in deeper.
The scent on him would give him away or rather, it would have if he had much scent to speak of. Even if he had, though, they would’ve had to be relatively close to him to notice, out in the fresh air with the scent of everybody else wafting through it, too.
He pressed his nose into her hair for a moment, hoping that he wasn’t overstepping somewhere, and tried to focus.
“Just be glad I wasn’t actually an Alpha or a Beta with an overinflated sense of entitlement or a wish to be seen as an Alpha. Because that might’ve led you somewhere you aren’t prepared for and really don’t want to go, and you know what? Then there’s no way back out, no matter how you flutter those eyelashes, or how smart your mouth is. In fact, those might even land you in deeper trouble.”
Sherlock could feel the energy, which had snapped, yes, but hadn’t dissipated, trying to pull the rope apart as it ran along it, testing and challenging his willpower with that of the dragon’s, trying to push him out and make it snap.
But since he himself had woken up, a little bit less jerkily but not much so, he had taken a few minutes to check in on John with regular intervals as he’d got things ready.
In any case, to have John come right out and say it like that, with the emphasis on meaning it, that at least somewhat negated the idea that he had ulterior motives, didn’t it?
Further highlighted when the question that came then couldn’t quite manage to sound haughty and unaffected. Instead, it was demanding.
“Can keep the dragon in check, you mean?” John asked, and his smile sliced through Sherlock’s heart even as it warmed it, not helped by what he said next. “Yes. Precisely.”
“I thought they knew you were already happily married to the country, though I suppose extra-marital affairs are de rigueur among the upper echelons of society.”
Once he was certain, or as certain as he could be given the circumstances, that they would be able to carry his and John’s weight, at least the distance between here and Baker Street, he stretched them out further, all the while keeping his ears open for any indicators that people were arriving rather than leaving.
Not furtively and not as though he was a scared Omega frightened of what he might see or otherwise be confronted with when he looked. More like the soldier he’d once been and still was in his bones.
It really was an important distinction, not least for his own headspace. If he were going to make headway with forming a new identity, he needed a much clearer idea of what was in the past and would stay there and what might be brought with him going forward.
“That’s making me nauseous, you mean?” A nod. “Could be. It’s not only that kind of – it felt like the thing actually
For a moment, the dragon seemed startled; the eye drew back a little as it widened, and the reptilian lids, for lack of a better word, closed over it several times in rapid succession. Then it was gone, as quickly as a lightning you only halfway registered, and the eye shifted back into its previous position. However, it kept on being wider, the pupil thin.
Hah. Idiots, the lot of them. Those things were John, but it was only the surface level of him and very little of what actually made him interesting. More importantly, what made him
Then again, he did have quite the extensive, apart from expensive, wardrobe, didn’t he? And those were not off-the-rack clothes, either, far from it. To fit as they did – though the Omega couldn’t say he was complaining, quite the opposite – they would have to be tailored or at the very least bespoke and however you sliced it, that took time. So, he would
“John?” he asked. There was no answer. “John, what do you need to – I gave that back to you. I…I did, didn’t I?”
The thought that there might be something, anything, on the dress that could assist his Alpha in finding out more about her, even if it wouldn’t be her location, was what finally made him capable of prying the fabric away from his nose and stop clutching it so tightly.
He checked and while it for a moment looked as though he had found it at last, not in the sofa or his own chair but that of Sherlock’s, it turned out to be the sad remains of a belt that had been used for…something before his time, as far as he knew. Bearing the whip in mind, he carried it over to the waste bin, which was overflowing with paper to say the least, and dumped it in.
“Ludicrous, I imagine, yes,” Mycroft interrupted. The smallest of smile flitted across his lips at that, however.
“She will need something she’s familiar with,” John said by way of explanation, which really wasn’t much of one.
It took some work but after a minute or two of wrestling it into submission, he felt he had it enough under control that he at least could risk getting out of the car without them taking the helm, as it were.
Somewhat warily, the Omega moved closer, shifting and moving his hand forward a little so that he was ready in case there was…any problems.
“You didn’t.” Sherlock had had a chance to look at the contracts. Not obviously all of them but the ones with significant differences, and of course, he’d looked at John’s. “Not then.”
I have been rushing somewhat to get this out and I apologise if that shows. You do get a long chapter, though, but I don't know whether that's a good thing.
The fact that he was this open in his blackmail actually counted in his favour, in the teen’s opinion. At least he wasn’t trying to be clever about it, that was something.
But why hadn’t the hypnotic effects been immediate? Oh, but neither had Moriarty’s and he’d had time to prep John, as it were, so maybe…
not!” John snapped then seemed to gather himself, at least to some degree. He didn’t remove his hands from his eyes. “I know how ridiculous it is! I know I did the best in the situation that I could, that they had all the leverage they needed while we had none, that they prey on vulnerability and the social construct that Omegas are taught, and that without outside help, like yours, it’d have been a fool’s hope, at
to the occurrence of scent bonds and their general affect on the bonded couple, relation to pregnancy or not.
“But…if it was a cure on its own, it can hardly be expected that it will work within such a short widow of time,” John argued back. “Things take time to recover – as you just said yourself, too.”
This would always be the case, obviously; his past didn’t just disappear, but until he had established himself fully and properly as a person of society again, one who people would find so ordinary that they didn’t even think to look closer, he would have to be extra careful.
Moriarty. Was it him calling? Not Moriarty. No. Fuck no, not that bloody wanker of a creep again, he’d had
The fact that it was the elder Holmes did a lot for the point of how many legal documents there were. It wasn’t ‘that are available’, which would have been the expected phrasing from everyone else. Everyone else would’ve had to content themselves with the official documents, after all.
He knew that it was precious little, but it was more than nothing and that was what they’d had to go on.
“You wouldn’t. Know how I know? You have come a long way in all this, and you just proved that by recognising and arguing that you would do such a thing.”
He then got a look at what clothes they, or rather Sherlock, had gathered for him and immediately balked.
But he couldn’t change that. Couldn’t protect those as well, and the knowledge tore him apart. His heart hammered and yet stopped as he thought of John, right behind him and up close with the person that had haunted them for so long.
That wasn’t what stole most of his attention, however. That was reserved for the expression on his friend’s face. Or at least, it was for the split second he got to register it before his head was pulled forward swiftly and Sherlock’s lips almost crashed into his, kissing him as though his life depended upon it.
Sherlock felt something claw its way painfully but quickly and determinedly up his throat at that. He had no idea whether it was a laugh, a sob or possibly a scream. It might well be all three at once.
“This isn’t exactly designed for twins but it’s quite the roomy, practical nappy bag that can either be worn as a backpack or be turned and clip onto the handle of the stroller,” they said as they picked it up and turned to him. “The changing mat isn’t the thickest available, but it should be more than sufficient for most needs on the go.”
No…that distinction wasn’t quite fair on his secondary gender, though. His Omega instincts weren’t telling him to sit by meekly and let the Alpha do what it wanted with him. Yes, he fought his inherent instincts and cursed them often enough, too, he could admit that. However, he also made good use of them.
There was no comment and no raised eyebrow. If he did know what the ‘joke’ referred to, then he didn’t show it. Or perhaps things were finally starting to shut down on him. His eyes had closed, for one.
The small part of Sherlock that wished he might just do it a little bit to show off for him was firmly, soundly ignored. Hopes were fine but there was no reason to get them too high or unrealistic. Not yet.
“Ensure their safety? John had a series of images of just how Mycroft might ‘ensure their safety’, none of which he liked.
“I…no. I don’t. If he does, it will be to get to you and nothing more, and there are several other effective ways to do that. That he wrote a comment on a piece of paper with details on what could be her and nothing more is….” He trailed off for a moment. “He will get the same effect from you by just alluding to it rather than following through.”
The best they could hope for was that the person who bought them was a nice person and that really was wishing on a star. Theoretically, it could happen, but you had better not make plans around it.
He was not a rock, not to his bond mate. The one person, apart from his children, that he owed to be as much of a rock to as possible.
He picked up the bottle of wine he’d brought for emphasis. Sherlock didn’t say anything. There was a logic to it, and he was just a tiny bit saddened that John hadn’t picked up on that.
They weren’t due to go down to her until tomorrow, either, but she might’ve called him in. Only, she hadn’t…he’d have to go and check, just to be sure.
Then it had gone quiet. So very quiet. Which had been followed by a muffled noise that might have been a scream accompanied by a dull, thudding one.
If he had a problem with that, then he shouldn’t have pursued the man in the first place. He could’ve refrained from his further research, he could’ve ignored John’s asking for help, or merely passed it onto Mycroft, who would’ve had his opportunity to bring the harem down, without Sherlock’s further input.
Of course, it was that, purely for the fact that Heats, Ruts and bonds, scent bonds or not, originated from the instincts, that very base level, but it was more than that and this rather proved that. That they fitted together, complimented each other and made the other better.
It ought to have sounded boring, with its relatively simple melody. Yet there was something interesting, almost compelling about it, possibly aided by that very simplicity.
Sherlock’s legs jerked as they tried to follow through on that; move him forward and grab hold of the girl, drag her back or pick her up, if need be. Whatever it took to get her back to them if John wasn’t going to do it himself.
It might be cheesy, it might be fanciful and flowery, but at that moment, John’s eyes sparkled and shone, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
You really are too sweet and wonderful, guys. Thank you, it really makes the world of difference. And thank you so much for your patience!
The blond giggled at that, then, remembering they weren’t alone and might disturb her, immediately looked over at the bed’s occupant.
“This…is difficult, Sherlock, don’t make it harder. Please.” He looked towards the ceiling, taking a deep, audible breath through his nose. “I want to understand. I want to because I still trust you. God help me, I do, but…fuck, it’s just such a bleeding mess and I…”
Despite that, there was the distinct sense that not only were there people who were home, they were keeping an eye on what went on. Not to do anything about it, mind, or if they were, it wasn’t with the intention of helping.
Sherlock couldn’t help his sniff, even though he tried. A little, anyway. “You ought to know that is about as difficult an achievement as predicting that there’ll be rain due soon in England.”
There was some sort of system in place, though exactly how elaborate and extensive it was, or wasn’t, remained to be uncovered, for dealing with this exact transaction. But if you could keep it something that was whispered about among the childless population, in rumours and half-truths and in private, something that nobody dared talk about in the open and was fearful about sharing it with someone or asking, in case they had somehow miscalculated…
“Ehm…yeah. Think you can, actually. I saw the nursing pillow,” he said, waving a hand at the window in indication, “and I can’t find it here when I look around.”
He wasn’t so lucky this time; the egg was as whole and…marbly as it had been when he’d picked it up, with not even a dent or other indications it’d begun to disintegrate on itself nor anything to suggest it was about to do that any time soon, or ever for that matter.
This wasn’t about him, was it? It had stopped being purely – well, it never really had been purely about him, had it? But it had ceased being primarily about him the moment he’d become pregnant. Even if that didn’t count, as he hadn’t known and there was the risk that he’d lose them, it was certainly the case now.
His tongue felt awkward and difficult to control, which was a novel but not welcome experience. Nevertheless, he persevered. “I will never not be proud of that. Please believe me. That is not what the problem is. But I’m afraid that…that I will fail you, that you place your trust in an unknown quantity, a gamble you cannot afford to lose.”
“Isn’t surveillance of the entirety of England your milieu, including the dragons therein?” He didn’t get an answer. “I don’t. Sorry. The best I’ve got is that he called me while you were…stalling Sherlock. Don’t know the time frame or whether it was a pay-as-you-go but…”
The doctor gave him a thoughtful, frowning look. “You mean that your reaction was entirely your own, without anything else bleeding through in any way?”
“I say that because you’re not the only one who can recognise behaviour and such. You’ve never been in a relationship, much less a sexual one, and now, here, you’re not just about to embark on one, you’re likely going to be stuck with the person you’ve chosen for the rest of his natural life. And I’m guessing that divorce isn’t an option, all things considered, which makes the importance of getting it right even greater.”
He held out his hand, palm up, asking rather than demanding. Hoping that though it was a legitimate craving and therefore not his choice, he could, at least for a crucial moment, overcome that craving and give the box to the doctor. It wasn’t how you were supposed to handle drug addicts, he knew, but though addicts were far from harmless, they couldn’t rip him to shreds with their nails or incinerate the entire bloody street because they felt threatened. At least, he’d never heard tell of it, but then again, incinerated people were unlikely to publish their memoirs afterwards.
He couldn’t think what that something might be, but it didn’t matter. What mattered was whether this was a one-off or he could use it on the other negative feelings. The ones that the dragon would be most likely to use.
“In fact, here, let me get that for you. I bet you like sweet things. Yes, hello. I’d like an americano medio and a croissant with ham and cheese, oh and a lemon curd tart.” He hadn’t had one of those in
He’d known, too, that she was no longer there, either. Not that he had it all deduced right then and there. Even he couldn’t do that, not with that little to go on. Whatever his detractors might think of him, or Mycroft might remark in a fit of snippiness, he didn’t deal in guesswork.
He’d pulled Sherlock’s phone from his pocket to hit the number that could only be Mycroft’s, given the interesting moniker the owner had been given, as soon as Sherlock’s eyes had slipped shut and refused to open again.
That wasn’t for…no, he truly didn’t remember. Or at least, he hadn’t when it had first happened. In fact, he was utterly certain that he hadn’t been aware of it until after Mycroft had mentioned it, the nearness of the dragon allowing some information, which he honestly thought he’d deleted, to be dredged up at the mention. It wasn’t a lot, but it was a few of the fundamentals, as far as he could recall.
A look passed between the two brothers then, one that lingered as though it was in fact a conversation and evidently communicated something very important that John wasn’t privy to. That rankled somewhat, to be left out like that, but he’d already sussed that if he was to ask what that was about, he’d be given a pat answer, at best, and so he let it be. For the time being, anyway.
But that wasn’t quite right, was it? Sherlock had been adamant, when he’d been confronted with it, that he didn’t see John as a possession nor would he ever want him to be, and while it could very well be argued that of course he would say that, to keep John here, manipulate him into staying, when he replayed it back in his head now, he couldn’t make that fit.
For the dragon, however, that pride had never been tempered but had, along with the rest of it, been allowed to grow and fester, for lack of a better word, for most of his life…
Come to think of it, none of the things Sherlock stole were ever put anywhere that might damage them. They were rarely sitting in pride of place, but they were all carefully placed all around the flat. They obviously meant something to the consulting detective, even if he wouldn’t admit it.
But with such a limited cash flow as he currently had, he should’ve been smart enough to know to stick with window shopping.
Well, at least the coffee was…pretty good, actually, which surprised him more than a little. The croissant was a bit dry, for all the grease, and splintered in his mouth but the lemon curd tart was rather good, the creamy, buttery tang of the curd just right.
What was more, as he ran, he could hear not just the escalating thrashing but the things that it crashed against, the pillars and walls of the surrounding area, which resembled both the deepest cellar and a naturally occurring cave. The thrashing shook the surrounding area, which might in turn bend or even break restraints that had been placed on the other things down here.
So, calling Mycroft it was. Not only for that, obviously – and good grief, he was genuinely about to call his best friend and boyfriend’s older brother to learn, among other things, how best to facilitate their first time together, which still was weird even after everything – but for that, too.
Frozen to the spot for the moment, Sherlock saw out of the corner of his eye Moran stumbling backwards. Only for a step or two but that was enough to show that he’d lost control of the situation.
any of this to happen? To be kidnapped, attempted claimed, cut, bruised, pulled and fought over, shot at, almost bitten, cut again, threatened, scared half to death, worried the other half, nearly, chased and all the rest?
He watched Sherlock’s pupils grow significantly at the unexpected comment and could smell the change in his scent as well, at least before he reined it back in, with a will that was wobbly and took more moments than he likely would have anticipated or liked but was unquestionably strong normally. It was merely somewhat…hampered at that moment.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder. Annoyed with who felt it was okay to disturb him just like that – and attempting to crush the tiny hopeful thought that it might be John, after all – he turned on the chair he’d managed to commandeer for himself, ready to deliver a scathing remark to the interloper.
He blinked, unaware that he’d been absent for a moment until he felt the heat of the other’s body next to him.
So, the real explanation was likely that he’d been right, in terms of acquiring it. Once they did have in their grasp, however, that was a different matter entirely.
Well, yes, that, too, obviously. But why? He still couldn’t find any clear, definitive reason as to how he’d managed to resurface and take back control when he had or why, and that genuinely scared him.
Instead, he told the general gist of what had happened at the pool. Then Mycroft, having finally turned around enough to look properly at him, commanded him to fill in the details and he did, as best he could. There was still a lot of things he didn’t understand but the elder Holmes listened to everything he said.
“Why use the bones of some other dragon, though, to – oh, wait. Of course. Stupid of me. Like giving a patient blood with the wrong antigen, isn’t it? The host body will react to it negatively, to put it mildly. If it’s already causing this much pain now, however, what difference does it make to remove the bone dust? It must have gone into the bloodstream already, but his keening has subsided quite a lot.”
A trawl of kitchen cabinets turned up some stale but alright toast, some biscuits, some jam and for some reason a pot of smoked salmon pate.
expenditure rather than in spite of it. It just…fitted, that this was the kind of place that Sherlock would’ve chosen for them to go.
“Of course,” he breathed, frowning in what might have been annoyance with his own momentary stupidity or could just as well have been concentration. Or a mixture of both.
He drew it to him and unfolded it carefully. With how much he remembered, which was honestly a miracle, he might not need it, but he wasn’t about to take any chances. Not with something as important as this.
“Who would send you money?” Sherlock asked, mumbling ever so slightly. “It wouldn’t be your sister, as she wouldn’t have the means, even if you were on speaking terms, your parents are no longer alive, and there are no relatives still living or recently deceased that you’ve been close enough to that they’d leave you that kind of money, either as a present, monetary aid or inheritance.”
It hid underneath a table, small and almost entirely invisible. One hand clenched tight, he let go of the gun for the moment it took to reach down and under then quickly grabbed hold of it again on the way out. He heard a distinct hiss and a scraping.
As for the younger Holmes himself, he leaned over where he sat and pressed a kiss to John’s cheek, one that lingered. Then he pressed another to John’s temple, just as lingering and just as loving as the first.
Now, with no specific thing that he had to do, he had ample time to feel and contemplate what he was feeling, and to be honest, he wasn’t sure he liked it.
Still feeling rather apprehensive of the true meaning behind and the eventual outcome of it all, John nevertheless reached out to take Sherlock’s hands. The consulting detective let him do it without fight or comment, and he tugged them down and away from his face, gently.
But for a real-life equivalent for storybook monsters, madman consulting criminal was an eerily good candidate, wasn’t it? About the best you could hope for, really.
His knees were bracketing slim hips and the top of long thighs while his hands were planted on the mattress just above the shoulders, which gave him a relatively good grounding.
If he’d thought about it, he would’ve expected, especially after being draped in explosives, that Moriarty would play it out not unlike, at the very least, the previous bombing victims. Of course, it seemed highly unlikely that he’d revealed his dragon side, as it were, to the other victims, but even so, why else would he do this?
Sherlock didn’t care what his brother thought about John, and he wasn’t about to be either shamed for it or intimidated into giving up. He knew perfectly well what kind of person John was. That was the entire reason he was interested in him to begin with!
Not yet. Not ever if he could’ve helped that but since he knew that couldn’t be the case, then certainly not yet.
“Because I understand why you might think that was my motive, too, seeing you’d just faced Moriarty, your experiences with him being the first ones of a dragon, of course you’d draw parallels between the two of us. Quite apart from the other aspects of similarity between me and him. In the circumstances, it would be odder for you not to.”
They would be dealing with this, one way or another, soon enough. He would just have to hope that the reality wouldn’t turn out to be that all he was to his friend was a possession, treasured or not.
It didn’t matter what he told himself or even how the old part of his brain, as you might call it, berated him for his useless, cloying, detrimental feelings, the fear was real, it was visceral, and there was nothing he could do about it.
“Of course. Less immediately traceable, too, if they had the minds to think that far or, far more plausible, someone else thought for them. But you’re right, and that does leave us with very few immediately obvious paths to explore.”
When they parted, John rested their foreheads together for a moment, too. Then he pulled back. Sherlock jerked to follow him but as that would probably be counterproductive right now, he made himself stay put.
“I am still dangerous,” he said instead, “and we’ve had proof that I do wish to claim you, even if it’s not my conscious self. But that doesn’t mean your value to me is that of a possession. That’s part of why I’ve never wanted to claim you. I…I didn’t want to lose what we had, which I would, will, if I ever claim you. I never wanted to lose
It seemed, insofar as that was possibly to ascertain, that Sherlock took it as such as he smiled, with his eyes rather than his mouth but that didn’t diminish it.
Well, how hard could it be? He put up with the rest of the bleeding school body, what difference did one more make? It’d only be for a limited time.
He took a breath and continued, “But aside from all that, he wouldn’t let me examine him, and the flight might’ve exacerbated the matter, I don’t know. Just…help me? Please?”
Almost nobody liked to be deduced, either, but the details of how he worked out something always got the same varyingly disgusted reaction, and he didn’t want to see that expression on John’s face.
In other words, he looked wonderful. Real and solid, flawed and straight out perfect, and he didn’t care a bit just how much it proved he was besotted because there was nothing inherently wonderful about any of it, really, if you looked at it with any kind of objectivity.
“Why – because I accused you of wanting to do something dangerous and harmful, with no grounding and no excuse!”
He looked at John, who’d returned to looking out of the window, but with the same loaded-spring tension in his body that the information about Ruby had brought out. Looking down, one hand had found his midsection and was drawing circles and patterns on it, in a soothing manner.
No, probably not. So? The kidnapping hadn’t been fair. The way in which Moriarty had handled his reveal hadn’t been fair nor had the utter amount of bullshit and terror he’d put them through at the pool. Not just at the pool, either.
He didn’t notice that this was another case where he was giving slack to John that he wasn’t affording himself.
If he didn’t want to hear it spread about his own secondary gender, then he ought to rise above such assumptions the other way, too, especially considering how he’d behaved previously.
Another dragging of the hand, this time across the entirety of his face and with a bit more force than the first one had used.
Deliberately so? He couldn’t help but wonder, now. Nor could he shake the gnawing worry at the pit of his stomach that, as had been a previous point of worry and contention, the care Sherlock had shown for him now, so out of the blue and so intense, along with the protective behaviour, had nothing to do with John as a human being, as a person, but as the possession he had almost lost to another dragon.
Before he went up to the upstairs bedroom, and he wasn’t stalling because of memories that hung around that room, he gave himself a once-over check.
“Please don’t be…sorry, John, I know you…did what you could,” she managed to say. Her eyelids fluttered. “I…”
would be the person to speak up on his behalf like this, outright berating his brother for his assumptions and behaviour. It was a little heart-warming. No, actually, it was a lot heart-warming, especially considering the state Mycroft was in, dragon healing or not.
Sherlock didn’t have much of an answer to that, which sort of proved John’s point. That said, the fact that he hadn’t immediately denied it counted for something.
“Well, then, bloody well tell me! Tell me because all I know is that my friend is in pain, I don’t know why, and I cannot do anything about it!”
John felt his hand start to clench around the paper and closed his eyes, willing his hand to open again. Luckily, he was unlikely to have done more damage to the paper than he had by sleeping on it. Taking a deep, slow breath, he then decided to take a moment to…
Another was that Sherlock was the one who was hurting and wrongfooted. The one who evidently needed John to be the strong one right now. He might not be able to admit it to himself, trying to force himself to ‘get over’ whatever it was that had spooked him and be useful, but that didn’t alter the facts of the matter.
a manifestation, wasn’t he? As long as Sherlock himself wasn’t hurt, in one way or the other, then ‘John’ couldn’t be, either, however real, how tangible he might appear down here.
Even so, he felt certain that if the unthinkable should happen, Sherlock would dive after him and would pick him up before he came near the ground.
“Of course, you are, you idiot,” John replied, fondness in his voice. “As much as you like. That wasn’t what I meant.”
He stretched slowly and then registered that he was on his side and Sherlock was no longer resting on top of him. Instead, he was lying on his side, too, and was…effectively, he was the large spoon.
He’d taken his work home tonight because that promise now had a tangible, if extremely frail thread to hang from.
The burning steel that was the core of John Watson flared up and pushed the clouds out of his head by sheer force of will. Human he might be, with no mythical powers or inhuman strength to assist him, but on the other hand, he was a human being. The indomitable species.
That said, the ‘obviously’ that was left out of the end of that sentence was clearly heard, regardless.
John swallowed a sudden and large lump in his throat. He had, hadn’t he? “He...I don’t think he knew it would actually hurt him. Not like that, at least.” That wasn’t a good excuse, and they both knew it. “It was his decision, though, Mycroft. Completely. I wouldn’t put him in harm’s way. Yes, he’s a wanker and yes, I was beyond angry with him, but regardless of all of this, I wouldn’t ever – “
There was one other important question that pushed itself to the forefront of his mind – why had they only decided to fire then? They could easily have done so at any point while John was outside Sherlock’s grip and his protection.
“Not particularly, no,” he said, closing the small distance between them. However, he left it at that. “There’s nothing inherently stupid about wanting to have your autonomy but also feel like you have a say in matters.”
He hadn’t been out shopping for clothes yet, too caught up with other things, and Sherlock being just part of it. Well, that was one reason as to why.
The words came very quietly, and John could hear the faint tread of footsteps in the background. This had nothing to do with the affairs of the realm but something altogether more…personal and scaley in nature.
“John, please….” How should he phrase it? “Could you look into my eyes?” That would convince him that he was still in control rather than the dragon, surely.
But then, working on his own expertise, the staff were evidently professional and what was more, they had been treated very kindly, though not condescendingly sweet, ever since they’d walked in.
John realised that lurking outside the front door was not only in the category of ‘a bit not good’, they would’ve heard him coming up the stairs – both of them had surprisingly good hearing, which had proved useful once or twice and been a lesson in silence when he’d wanked – and would consequently know that he was there, recognising his tread, and that he had stopped without entering the flat.
his entire face brightening in further relief and delight as John, wonderful, clever John, caught what he meant almost instantly. “Yes, exactly that!”
Without the help of the elder Holmes, he’d either have been dead thrice over or he’d be left with a catatonic and slowly dying friend, neither of them a prospect he particularly relished.
John turned over to face the other and rested on his elbow, having propped his head up on his hand, almost completely mirroring the position Sherlock was in. His intention was to better be able to discuss things, facing each other and everything.
For his part, Sherlock didn’t feel there was really much to say about his family, and what there was to say, he really didn’t want John to know, for fear that he’d be creeped out by Mycroft and what he actually did for a living, though honestly, who wouldn’t be?
Or that he felt the most basic of instinctive reactions to something honest and true, such as possessiveness, but that they then had to be processed through the rest of his brain, where they got…twisted.
Sherlock did use that fact to his advantage in his work, that people saw but didn’t observe, or in this case, inhaled but didn’t scent, which gave him a bit of an advantage. Not that he employed it exclusively, of course. It was a tool in his arsenal, that was all.
“You tensed up when she mentioned the number of appointments,” he began to explain, “you were shifting slightly while we sat in the waiting room, uncomfortable at the understated to enhance the money. That, together with the fact that you’ve refrained from eating very much so as not to take what isn’t yours and that you’ve not as much as mentioned going shopping for new clothes, a phone or anything else…” he trailed off when he took a proper look at his partner.
No, he wasn’t scared of the other boy or felt any particular need to obey. He just wanted to return to writing with John as soon as possible, and that would be expediated by having the prefect think he followed orders.
All his parents would say about the subject when he’d asked was that the shift was magical in nature and thus physical barriers wasn’t such an issue.
The word seemed to hang over him, calm as an undisturbed lake surface but all the more powerful in its threat for that. Trying his best to keep calm himself, which was aided by the feeling, far-off and real, of the hand in his, he picked up the gun. The seething anger that their friendship engendered, by the looks of it, and the confusion and fear that lay behind it.
are? If Mycroft is known to the people in question, won’t that be calling unnecessary attention to both us and Mrs. Hudson, not to mention himself?”
There was a brief pause at that before an answer came. “Perhaps. The point still stands, however. We’re going home.”
Because John didn’t just smile at him, he let him buy the cigarettes that he wasn’t supposed to get. More than that, he made sure that there was always at least one packet of Sherlock’s brand available for him to buy. And if he knew his name, he must’ve heard more about Sherlock, too, positive and negative, and yet he hadn’t backed away. He’d been the one who’d sought the younger Holmes out for this assignment.
Her hair, though, was different. Instead of the ashen blond with patches and strands of silver and brown that John had – one day Sherlock was going to work out the exact combination and proportion of each part – her hair, caught in a soft pony tail that let the soft but thick waves of it bounce, looked more as though someone had tinted warm blond with strawberry or grape juice.
He didn’t wipe the number off, though, and he remembered to write it in his phone before he left the roof, so that he wouldn’t accidentally wash it off. That it took more than one hand wash to get it off was another matter.
A quick glance out of the corner of his eye confirmed the suspicion; the mask from before, the soldier mask, was back in place as though it had never left.
But perhaps it could be used as a peace-offering and a start-off on the explanations. It was worth a try. So he convinced himself.
The way he looked thoroughly sleep-tousled and disoriented, in the way that only Sherlock could, and a freshly woken Sherlock at that, helped cement it and consequently, helped set John’s mind at rest. Not so much because of the berk listening in on the doctor’s conversation with his brother as the fact that he needed the sleep even more than John himself did.
Welcome to Talking: The Fanfic. Fuck's sake, I'm so sorry, I did mean to get this to move along and instead...I've promised to finish this and so I will, but it's...I don't want to disappoint you, either, so it's tempting to, to give up.
Nevertheless, he found that he wanted to discuss it with Mycroft – and besides, he owed his brother, didn’t he? After all, he’d been the one to put Sherlock onto the fact that John was planning something a bit bigger than your average present and that he might just like to do something in return. In a way, he was at least partly responsible for Sherlock’s current happiness, something which was left unsaid but felt between them.
He expected Mycroft to argue back but instead he got silence. In fact, he got it for long enough that he genuinely thought the other had hung up on them.
Which was a completely ludicrous, fanciful thought. Madman though he may be, Moriarty wasn’t exactly a fairy tale monster. They didn’t exist, after all.
“Yes. I did.” He stepped up real close to the other Omega and even if his scent wasn’t strong, to say the least, he thought the other might just pick up on it somewhat. He might at least pick up on the pregnancy notes and fainter whiffs of normal Omega markers that followed, and from that deduce the rest.
Further confirmation of that he got when pale eyes shifted from looking at the Irishman to looking at him again, and the look in them rather clearly said that he hadn’t meant to slip and certainly hadn’t meant for John to see it. The wild look was joined by a slowly dawning horror as the implications seemed to sink in.
This…well, he knew he and Harry wouldn’t have kept it at something as mild as that, however much they’d worked towards a new status quo between them. Something healthier.
“I’m not the only one who’s a bit preoccupied, eh?” John said before he took another bite that was just a bit too large to fit comfortably in his mouth.
But that did mean the elder Holmes had a team on that, too, and that the harem owners were actively being pursued. It just didn’t mean that nothing could happen to them in the intervening time, and –
,” Sherlock said, a little snappishly, “my point is that Moriarty would be using an Alpha employee like that, someone trusted, on other things if he thought he wasn’t needed to do this right, which in turn means that the method he used when he got here wasn’t just him spouting things for the sake of it. He was doing as he had been very carefully told.”
“You really think,” John began, his voice gentle but with a small crease between his eyebrows, “that I wouldn’t want to spend time with you after all this was over?”
“At the same time, you know you are not a normal person, in the sense that someone is after you, even if they haven’t physically harmed you yet. There is no immediate means of getting in touch with you or vice versa should something happen, you might be too far from the flat to just run for it, public transport wouldn’t necessarily do the trick, either, and you might be unlucky enough that people will not come to the aid of an Omega against an Alpha.” He made a gesture. “Hence, the knife.”
Again, I do apologise for the wait and I hope that there aren't too many glaring errors in this as a result. I am trying really hard to juggle everything that I have going, but it's difficult, especially these longer stories (with lore and changes and everything), for a multitude of reasons I shan't bore you with.
With the thought that John might not be interested in, or capable of, becoming pregnant again, the Alpha filed away the thought that he needed to store as many memories about John’s stages of pregnancy as possible, aided by all the photographs that he could get away with – and there he went again.
“Or what? You’ll attack me? Why the delay, then? That’s not very efficient, is it, officer? Or should that be ex-officer?”
He wanted to nudge at the other. To be honest, he wanted to grab him and tell him it was alright, that it was going to be okay, because that mixtu’re of emotions on his face was making his heart hurt terribly.
However genuine this all appeared, however much he seemed to care for the little girl, and for her in particular rather than the idea of it, as it were. How ‘into it’ he was in terms of looking after her right now, it was all still a game. A potentially deadly one, if they played their cards wrong or the game changed all of a sudden, which was a likely possibility with but still a game.
The thought of being a toy fought over by children unused to sharing anything flitted through John’s head and, while the mental image was likely inappropriate in the circumstances, it was probably mostly true.
“– of getting a passport sorted for you at the same time as the other legal documents were finalised. It seemed prudent to ensure, and not just in light of the current circumstances.”
And yet, Sherlock found himself looking at everything he possibly could, even faster than he normally did, to try and get a gauge on whether something was amiss, putting his other senses to use as well.
With his free hand, John grabbed hold of one of Sherlock’s bonier, broader ones and brought it up between them.
Sherlock wanted to pull him in, wrap himself back around him and tell him that it was okay, that he’d make it okay, whatever it’d take, if he’d just continue to believe in him.
Only a month this time, which is back to normal upload pace for this monster. Yay? But it's here and we're progressing, so...
“Even if you could’ve gotten it off, you might not have been able to get much further. Though your idea of garlic or silver is preposterous, I suspect that there may indeed have been something to agitate the wound in the bullets, effective regardless of their ability to penetrate, or lack thereof.”
Instead of dwelling on that, more than he already had, that was, he said, “I wasn’t aware that my action of…taking the watch meant that I’d initialised any courtship.”
“Yes, they would,” he snapped again, “and I don’t see why I shouldn’t employ whatever means I have at my disposal, regardless of your disdain for them, if it means keeping something treasured safe.”
John was trembling, the vibrations of it barely noticeable only because it was clear, in particular through the hand still in his bond mate’s, that he was suppressing it as hard as he possibly could.
It was important for what was about to happen between the other Alpha, the Omega and her, though, which in turn would influence the success of his own endeavour.
The thread had either spread over a significantly larger part of the dragon than he had anticipated it would, or the dragon itself had gotten angrier and more explosive in its thrashing despite the rope continuing to spread.
Getting that to happen, that was another matter. He tried but just because you want something doesn’t always mean your body is capable of fulfilling that command.
Admittedly, that was mainly guesswork and assumptions, but John would think they’d have an easier time blending in or at least not attracting attention.
“I’m not, that’s true, and I’m not saying that I know better than midwives do or that there can’t be problems. I’m not that stupid or that arrogant. At least, I don’t think I am. I’m saying that I have some medical knowledge, I did pay attention to the doctors we saw while I was admitted to hospital, and that what I felt was more peculiar than it was painful.”
A clear trail might appeal to the instincts of the dragon even if the person behind would wrinkle his nose at something so easy.
He expected her to come in with some additional papers of greater importance and then leave, as was her norm. So, when she instead remained standing beside his desk, he paused and looked up again.
Could he ever hope to do that? John couldn’t see his dragon side, would have no proper idea of what had occurred inside the taller man’s mind. He would have to rely on Sherlock’s word that he was trustworthy and truly no longer a threat to him or the rest of the world, and wasn’t that a rather large ask?
Mycroft seemed to have gotten around the problem to some extent, by acquiring people slowly and gradually, both in terms of the entire group and each individual, and even then, he’d found a secondary outlet for his craving by collecting umbrellas, swordsticks and other novelty canes.
Once there were enough things stacked in front of the door to form a proper little barricade, he stopped. There were still no definitive sounds coming from either end but that didn’t fill him with anything but further tension.
Moreover, he realised as he focused on it, it had been written addressed to someone specific, namely him.
But that didn’t…why would those come out now? Was it some sort of indicator of emotion that they had trouble controlling? No, why would that be? It wasn’t as though you could’ve pinned any particular mood on Moriarty, as he passed through them like someone skimming a menu without picking anything, and Sherlock wasn’t one to have that much excess of emotion.
Of course, there were other madmen running around the world, doing their level best to screw things up and spread chaos in one form or another, and France probably wasn’t behind in that regard, even if the madmen weren’t all very interesting when it came down to it. More unhinged than anything, and often not clever at all.
There he stopped. It wasn’t to catch his breath, and he knew perfectly well that there was very little, if any, sense in looking behind you to try and gauge what was going on. He knew what would be chasing him already, and that his best bet to escape was to run and keep running. To put as much distance between himself and the dragons while Mycroft kept the other at bay.
Watching John’s face, it seemed as though it did. After the initial, split-second reaction of not knowing what was happening and therefore trying to prepare for the worst, that familiar, beloved, guarded yet so wonderfully expressive face lit up, almost despite itself. The eyes widened a little and the mouth opened in first an ‘oh’ and then a slowly spreading smile.
All of his thoughts, even the coherent ones, was thankfully flying by at his usual quicksilver speed. He could do with lightning, though.
Ignoring it, he made himself look at Sherlock, to see if he’d picked up on the reference. It would be an odd thing for Sherlock to know, all things considered, but at the same time, he often had knowledge of the most seemingly irrelevant things.
Sherlock wouldn’t leave him out of this if he found out John was actually burdened by his cargo, rather than just moaning about it because everyone does that. The doctor knew that he wouldn’t. But at the same time, there was no need to worry the consulting detective unduly, not on top of everything else.
“You cannot blame him for being cautious around another facility that has a huge impact on his life in which he only has a say, this time, because you have allowed him one.” Sherlock’s snap was that of a branch keeping you from plummeting to the ground. “Especially not when it has been compromised.”
So, what he would do was continue home to Baker Street, just like he’d planned. He’d just keep his wits about him and be…prepared for whatever might happen.
“You need clothes. In fact, you need a whole wardrobe, whether you want to admit it or not. Quality, and this is quality not just branding, will ensure that the clothes will be hardwearing and outlast several cheaper items, thus rendering the price of an item comparatively cheap.”
He resolutely turned his thoughts away from that path. Not only were they completely fruitless, he was well aware of that, this wasn’t the time, and not only because the tight grip also meant that they were rather close body-wise, and he wouldn’t trust Sherlock not to pick up on indicators other than a tell-tale bulge in his jeans.
After a long moment of anguished thought, she made that noise again as she looked between her mothers, not once, not twice, but four times, each growing more conflicted and pained.
Exhausted, feeling even more guilty than before and suddenly craving contact, Sherlock used the hand he was still holding onto to pull John in the rest of the way. Not to kiss him or otherwise do anything, but just to wrap himself around him.
Then again, he realised, there was no saying this was the end of it, was there? It could just be the start of the ball rolling, and he was in for something much worse later, possibly at the concert itself.
The fact that he was now technically free wasn’t much of a point; before he had a chance to jump up, lash out or even just move, he was grabbed by the arm by Moriarty, the grip incongruously strong for a body like that, until you remembered that it was a dragon in disguise.
“I think it turned out well,” the younger Holmes said, earnestly and still quiet. “No, I mean it. Quite seriously.”
“No. You did the right thing.” Sherlock smiled, and as he did so he hoped that it didn’t come out as strained as it felt to him.
He was meant to protect Sherlock. Hell, he’d promised to, hadn’t he, even if not in so many words, when he’d been effectively keeping vigil over the unconscious body earlier?
It didn’t squeeze or do anything else, but it touched him, intentionally, on one of those very places he’d thought about, the hand.
Should he have? After all, it could no longer come as a surprise that Moriarty had some sort of interest in John. Not after everything he had done.
Make it right, then. He wanted to make it right for her, the pain, confusion and all the rest of it pulling at his heartstrings hard enough for them to twang pitifully and risk bursting.
Evidence of that came to the fore now as he moved forward towards the distressed man as automatically as he had spread his hands to show he meant no harm.
First of all, therefore, to know whether he could and should proceed at, he needed to ask the question he’d actually meant to ask before.
Sherlock was rather pleased with that ring, too. It was the one thing that he so far hadn’t second-, third- and fourth-guessed in relation to all this proposal business. Mostly, that was because he had known the minute that he saw it that it would have to be that ring.
He took a breath but ploughed on before Sherlock could start talking. “I know, too, that it’s been for a reason but that doesn’t really make much of a difference.”
Despite the teasing tone, John evidently thought about it. “Honestly? No. Not because I don’t want them to know, mind. I just don’t want anyone to ruin this moment for me in any way.”
He considered another kiss, this time instigated by him rather than Sherlock, to show that it really was okay, but he wasn’t sure how that would be received, though he suspected it wouldn’t be well.
“I’m here, Ruby,” he repeated, taking her hand gently, hoping that she could at least feel it. “I’m sorry, I should’ve…I’m so sorry.”
He wouldn’t even make an interesting case for the consulting detective. The thought flashed through his mind, wild and irrelevant but unstoppable, and it was true. It’d be an open and shut case. Probably not even a two.
Sherlock wished he could disprove that or at least mentally dismiss it, as though it wasn’t true or at least not enough so to matter.
Apparently not enough for him to wok out this was what Sherlock had been planning, though, thankfully. Then again, to call it coming from left field for the younger Holmes was an understatement, to say the least, much as he didn’t like to admit it.
It wasn’t merely the change in relationship status that was a factor. It was that, obviously and primarily, but the fact that John was still in danger was at the forefront of Sherlock’s mind and part of him was reluctant, to say the least, to let John go, to let him sleep in his own room.
His gaze flicked down to John, who was still in a crouch but was clearly prepared to protect Tessa whatever that took, should the need arise, even if involved punching Moriarty’s daylights out. The blond didn’t say anything, nor did his body language, as calm as when the soldier mask had slid into place, and perhaps that was what had happened.
He had no idea where he intended to go; he could hardly go back to Baker Street, could he? He didn’t have anywhere else to go, either. In reality, this was rather a stupid idea and he knew it, but he felt an urge to get away from…not from Sherlock especially, but the reminder that he was broke and massively indebted to his partner before they’d even started.
A stray thought in John’s mind piped up to wonder at the idiot, coming there unarmed, when he knew what kind of person Moriarty was, and that was even ignoring the part about being a dragon. Then he thought he saw the outline of his gun in a trouser pocket as Sherlock moved and the coat slid aside but he wasn’t sure.
But in the end, he’d never gotten further than a few kisses and half a hand job before he’d felt the need to claim them, to sink his teeth in and make them part of his treasure for good. It had turned out that rather than circumventing the needy hunger, he’d actually only managed to stoke it and focus it on the more carnal aspects, which in turn only served to fuel said lust.
“Never mind. What do I do, Mycroft? How do we bond without doing it wrong, ruining it or tearing our relationship apart in the process?”
Said git had located what he’d been after, somehow without impaling or slicing up his fingers in the process, and held it up, almost triumphantly.
Almost feeling it within his grasp, as it were. Feel her within his arms. After so long, it didn’t seem possible that it was now, that it was here.
A shot rang out in the aftermath of that scream. Hard on the heels, in fact, so much so that it almost entirely obscured the noise of the gun, which was a feat in itself.
Fingers smoothed over the scales as they searched for injuries. Sherlock couldn’t help a minute shiver.
Sherlock replied, grimacing. “Everything is either a blank or possibly a blur, with an occasional sharp, horrible spike of…something in there for spice. I just know that if I was that desperate to claim you earlier, then it makes no sense I shouldn’t feel any of that now. I don’t, however.”
For his part, Sherlock told John about some of the more interesting experiments he’d conducted which the blond repaid by regaling him with stories about injuries sustained in rugby and the ways he’d found to treat his own scrapes and bruises back in primary school.
Sherlock blinked, committing the moment to his Mind Palace. Whatever happened, this had been a good moment and he wanted to preserve it.
On the other hand, this really wasn’t the right situation for that sort of thing, either. If they indeed would be sleeping together in the euphemistic sense, then yes, it would fit but as it were, the purpose was to get some kip, and for that, this method was better. Even if Sherlock’s lizard brain, aha, was protesting.
“But you wouldn’t be happy with that, would you?” he asked, a look of scrutiny on his face. “No, not that you wouldn’t be happy, really, but you would have to struggle with your instincts…right? That’s what would make them flare up, yeah?”
Though he couldn’t put his finger on where or when, John had the distinct impression that the man in front of him was someone he’d seen before. It would’ve been a long time ago, and seeing as he was ex-military, it wouldn’t be a far stretch for them to have crossed paths at some point before John’s discharge. Even so, there was something about it, about him that rankled in the back of the blond’s mind, and it wasn’t purely if at all because he’d just effectively broken into the flat.
He’d been the one who’d kidnapped John in the first place, the one who’d made a show of wanting to claim the doctor, whether that was genuinely the case or merely because it wound Sherlock up – which had worked, too – and had further worsened the situation by both pushing the two residents of 221B into their dilemma with the snipers and the subsequent issue with the wounds.
He couldn’t do this. It would have to stop, somehow. There had been put stoppers in along the way so that he could back out of it at a moment’s notice if he should need to and right now, it felt more than needed. It felt crucial in order for him not to lose what he had.
He sat up, somehow managing to squeeze himself into a seat beside the blond, pale eyes fixed on blue, imploringly. “John, that wasn’t…I didn’t…I don’t want to go back there. Back to where and what I was, without you. But it’s…” He trailed off.
He then realised that he’d felt the movement as they’d carried the younger Holmes, but it had been so faint in comparison with the slight jostling that was unavoidable that he hadn’t taken conscious notice until now.
John felt his heart clench at the thought, so hard that he for a moment was certain that he was about to have a heart attack or similar. That it was purely a reaction to effectively losing Sherlock rather than his body failing wasn’t as much of a comfort as one might’ve thought it would be.
He passed down, walking the steps down to the cellars of the palace and then deeper, ignoring the thoughts and other debris he had left to fester down here as he went. The things that he hadn’t deleted but didn’t have any wish to see surface.
For all its inherent cunning, it was as much a slave to its nature as anything else, letting it power it and drive it rather than the other way around. Even more so, in a way.
Which brought him back to the note he had written. Somehow managing to unfold it with one hand, he paused to bend down and press a soft kiss to the other’s temple. There was a snuffling mumble and a wiggle.
He mentioned being sorry twice, with the further modifiers of first ‘so’, which sent it a bit beyond the standard apology, and, now that he knew John better, sounded like something he’d say with genuine remorse, further enforced by the second time and its modifier.
It had far more to do with arrogance. The arrogance of the dragon that was almost built in, in a way, which blinded it to the possibility that he could actually try something like that.
The corner of the upper lip curled for a brief moment, as though the man was trying to suppress the instinct of the Alpha, the hackles raised at the direct challenge.
It was the same arguments as had floated around his mind before, with nothing new added, but it didn’t come from him, from the part of him that he thought of as Sherlock. Instead, it came from the dragon, and he suddenly realised that it hadn’t been quite as dormant as he’d thought.
, Sherlock thought but didn’t voice out loud. It wasn’t as though they didn’t both already know that.
He was still very close to the head of the wyvern, dangerously so, and though this was still only within the confines of his mind, he knew that if he, what constituted his person outside of the dragon, was swallowed here, then the dragon would win and could take control of the entirety of his mind, not to mention his body. Their body.
A voice whispered that with that in mind, it really did go to show Mycroft’s devotion to his brother, that he was willing to take time out of a schedule filled with so many important things. John had to admit to himself, with considerable shame, that he wasn’t a hundred percent certain he’d do that for Harry, if it came down to it. Not a full hundred.
Even with his instincts spiking on that score, a good portion of Sherlock actually relaxed just slightly at that.
Then Sherlock felt lips press against his own, gently, almost sweetly. They were slightly moist, a result of John having licked them earlier, as he was wont to do, and they were surprisingly soft. Or perhaps that was just because Sherlock had no basis for comparison. But they were soft, with a small bit of dry skin on the corner and –
It was a promise. A promise and an oath, to be with the person you’d chosen. To say that you cared enough to tie yourself to them in front of a lot of people. Of course, divorce statistics told their own story, and it wasn’t as though people didn’t live perfectly happy lives without a piece of paper saying that they were wedded.
Then again, as brilliant as the man was when it came to logic and deductive reasoning, he was often as equally inept and ignorant when it came to social clues, at least when it came to his own life and the people therein.
I will try to not let there be such a long gap to the next chapter and I'll do my best to finish the story, even if it's only for me.
It almost derailed his speech, in fact, and though he managed to recover, he’d got a look of what had to be puzzlement as well as slight concern from Lestrade at the stumble.
Breathing deeply, he tried to steel himself for what came next as best he could. He would not close his eyes. At least, not before the choice was no longer his.
“Because I – I’ve been an outright berk these last few days, quite frankly, and have leaned on you to do and take care of far too many things that I should’ve taken care of myself.”
Then, as he continued to listen, John realised something else, almost right on the heel of that first realisation; it was trying to get a gauge on Moriarty. Whether he had shown his face here.
Further trawls of the world wide web left him with more dubious studies and suspect wisdom, titbits and half-formed theories. Page after page scrolled past his eyes, all of them useless. Useless!
That didn’t mean he would give it back to Sherlock. It was still his watch, which the wanker had taken without permission and…well, not quite without remorse, was it? He had sounded and looked genuinely contrite when he’d handed it back, hadn’t he? And there was something else at play with taking it, too.
You didn’t need to look a whole lot closer, however, before that image started to unravel at the seams. The ropes, thin though they were around her wrist, were a dead giveaway on their own, of course. But even before that, the way she sat, bolt upright and rigid even though her leg was clearly at an odd angle and troubling her, not to mention the dishevelled and bruised look she had told their own, clear stories.
“That is not true.” He dared to pull at the hand he still held in his up, so its knuckles pressed against his chest. The left side of his chest, where his heart, large even in human body, resided and could easily be felt.
that was the case but that didn’t alter the fact that he needed to deal with it, and with any other such potential distractions that might crop up in the immediate future.
There were implications in that that Sherlock wasn’t expecting and which made him turn his head to look at the other in surprise.
A noise cut through the tense silence, slightly menacing in its unexpectedness and shrill clarity. Then it registered what it was; the ringtone from Moriarty’s phone, garish in its choice.
“Moriarty,” he said, his voice completely calm, perhaps even cordial, the acid in his throat kept entirely contained.
“What I meant was – “he tried again but stopped at John’s smile. What was he smiling for? There was nothing to smile for.
“I know it won’t help to say that I know you won’t be a terrible father, but I’ll say it anyway. You won’t be a neglectful father or a resentful father or in any other way a father they won’t be immensely proud of. Yeah, you’ll screw up and so will I, and there’ll be times where you’ll want to strangle them with your own bare hands or put them up for adoption. But there’ll also be times where you won’t have a heart as it’s lying in a puddle because of something they said or did and there’ll be times where you’ll marvel that so much curiosity and intelligence can reside in such a small body. That’s just the joy of seeing kids grow up.”
However, the Beta nodded a quick and smiling acquiescence to whatever he had been shown. John helped him upright, with a bit of difficulty on the way, suggesting that he should probably go and have a bit of a lie down after all of this.
“Most certainly,” Sherlock agreed. He placed a hand on John’s stomach, rubbing softly. “Among other areas.”
“Yes,” John agreed and there was more than a hint of tightness there. However, it was gone when he continued, “but none of those things have been ‘yours’, have they? They’ve been objects to use, not objects to own.”
“Well, yes. But I need to understand what’s going on first for that. I need to know, too, that we have time to find a solution and implement it. That we aren’t interrupted in the process.”
“Tessa.” John made a ‘huh’ sound. “You know, I’ve never considered Tess. It’s always been Tessa, in my head, ever since I knew it was a girl.” He didn’t specify whether that was when she was born or earlier, but then again, did it matter?
Why did it feel odd, though? Weren’t that what friends were supposed to do, laugh and share things and have fun together? That was what he’d always assumed and what he seemed to see others do.
“Let me finish, would you?” Blue eyes glared ever so slightly as they looked up. They softened again almost immediately. “I
“Excuse me for being…so uncouth,” he managed to hiss, trying to keep his jaw from moving too much, as the thumb hadn’t moved. “I wasn’t taught the right etiquette…for meeting murderous psychopaths in…ridiculously expensive suits. Please…enlighten me, so I will know…in the future.”
Another one was that no matter how hard he looked, he couldn’t make the tableau on the floor in front of him make anything other than one person.
That was certainly the case for the man in front of him right now. The man who’d had people kidnap him off the street after he’d stormed out, had had him bound so well he couldn’t move, let alone escape and had then seated him in the most comfortable chair John could remember sitting in.
Even if he had allowed his mind to drift yet again, without his conscious consent, either, which only made it more pronounced. When he squeezed the hand in his again in apology, he got a squeeze in turn but also a gentle caress of his hand with the thumb.
He inhaled long and deep, basking in the still utterly delicious scent that had only gotten better with the upper notes of pregnancy and the soupcon of his own scent mingling with the base notes.
That…wasn’t how that worked but did that really matter? Sherlock had a point, and in any case, this did go somewhat deeper than normal wedding vows.
He tried to ignore the echoing thought from somewhere down below him that in order to do that, he needed only turn the muzzle of the gun and press for a moment a little further down.
John didn’t have the kind of money for that. Hell, he’d be lucky if he still had access to what little money he did have.
Speaking of his sister, did she – no. She didn’t need to be informed of the recent developments in his life. This was his, something unequivocally good, and he didn’t need her to mess about in it and ruin it.
It wasn’t exactly difficult to deduce who he was talking about from just that, even though the Frenchman was being rather coy about it all.
It was more than likely unfair, as he hadn’t had that many – and so what if Sherlock had been counting while feigning uninterest? – and it wasn’t something he probably should bring up. Right now, however, it got him to shut up and freeze for a moment.
What he hadn’t expected was the undisguised look of surprise he got, as though that possibility had never occurred to Sherlock, and he was thrown by it.
After all, Sherlock had a brilliant memory, when he wanted to remember something, so to have him go over the same spot twice, when it wasn’t a chemical experiment, was more than a little strange to the blond.
It probably would’ve worked a bit better had he actually been dressed in more than his underwear, but it got the desired result, so he wasn’t complaining.
“What on earth would I be plotting?” Sherlock tried to look innocent but then ruined it himself by sniffing. “I wouldn’t be plotting with him, in any case. Not even for a ten of a case.”
When the person he was paid to assassinate turned out to be a general, on behalf of a major who’d already knocked up the general’s Omega, then that seemed to be the point where the higher-ups could no longer turn a blind eye and threw him out.
For instance, though he was baiting him and there was a risk that he’d react violently, he wouldn’t have come here merely with the intent to intimidate or threaten, not when he was employed by either the harem owners or Moriarty. The owners weren’t as clever as they thought they were, but they clever enough and were certainly far from stupid enough to hire someone like that for a job like this.
He paused for a moment. Perhaps another direction was needed to make the Alpha talk, to at least provide something useful, even if it did mean that he had to think about what he really didn’t want to.
No, but this could change it, couldn’t it? It might be a chance to show him that he, Sherlock, was worth getting to know.
This was John, though. He had to remember that. It wasn’t just anybody, it was John Watson, soldier, doctor, rock. John, who had stood by him, not just in general but in this situation in particular, helped him in any way possible, who didn’t judge him.
Except he didn’t get far, and certainly not through the door. A hand reached out and grabbed him, preventing him from moving.
Alright, so perhaps that was neither very eloquent or very helpful. He could admit that, at least afterwards when he could think. But the answer, the one he’d been so fervently hoping for and never quite able to believe that he would get, came when he was already feeling wrong-footed and off-balance, emotionally and metaphorically speaking.
Mostly, he was thoroughly relieved that she had recognised something familiar, however deeply rooted and buried it was, about John’s scent, enough so that she’d investigated. Enough that she sought it out and knew, instinctively, what she was searching for and what she had found.
And the cases, of course, but there was no need to make mention of those. In truth, John had learned, though he had yet to experience it first-hand, that whatever rules they set up were likely to at the very least get bent, if not outright circumnavigated during a case, and there was a part of him that dreaded that day.
Right now wasn’t the time to bristle over the total disregard of normal rules. That didn’t mean he wasn’t aware he was taking advantage of something that he would’ve bristled at like a veritable hedgehog at any other time.
“That’s a yes, in case you were wondering,” John said, trying to sound as matter of fact and nonchalant about it as he could.
Even as his heart sank a little at the thought that he’d been that close to forcefully claim John and physically hurt him, it also swelled with the fact that John could understand what he meant that easily, could work it out without any real prompting.
Regardless, he wasn’t going to risk ruining his first ever proper friendship, with a pre-set termination date, by leaving anything open for his brother to exploit and spoil. It meant too much for him to risk it.
“Then don’t try to take advantage of me or piss me off, knotweed,” John growled back. “I will fight you, if I need to, and if you think I’m weak because I’m an Omega or even that I’ve been out of the army a while, well…” He smiled himself at that, one entirely without humour.
The taller boy raised both an eyebrow and the corner of his lip. “What else do you think they teach us here? Bread and butter to us, innit?”
But he wanted to prove John right, didn’t he? Show him as well as himself that he could be safe to be around, that John didn’t need to be worried, be scared of him. Show that he was worthy of his trust.
The thought could’ve come back to him at just about any other moment and it would’ve been a better time.
The pale eyes widened a little at that and not in the way they had earlier. This wasn’t arousal, this was mild fear.
Looking around him, he more or less lunged at the next one, the jade dripping down over his fingers. At first, he reached with his free hand, that was, the one that wasn’t holding onto the statue. Something which only occurred to him at the last second, just as the thread of the leash began to tighten and yet wobble and jerk.
“Like I’d miss a rotting tooth,” John answered and though he didn’t outright smile, he keep a pleasant tone of voice.
“You are dragons!” he snapped. “If there is one thing that defines dragon personality, it’s the lust for and craving of possessions. That’s something every child knows, so don’t you even start with me!”
Which it did, of course, in its way, and not merely because it was of personal, sentimental value to the doctor. In its own way, it had if not kicked off this entire thing then at least been a major contributing factor.
“You didn’t turn it off.” It wasn’t phrased as question but nevertheless, John made an expansive gesture, presumably to include all the dragon appendages.
“No, but normally you don’t see anything wrong with it and so there’d be no need to ‘warn’ me of such an outcome, would there?”
“You need time on your own, to feel yourself for the first time in ages rather than a part of something or other. Time where I am not beside you – and no, I do not think that you are attempting to run or are having second thoughts, that’s tedious – and you can get to process what has happened and see normal people going about their humdrum lives, just like you. Be at ease within yourself, if only for a short while.”
He held the hand as if to give the watch back, only the younger Holmes recognised it as mimicking him pushing the watch into the other’s hand regardless of what he’d said.
Things have happened and, more importantly, progressed. Feels like finally, I know. I hope I've delivered somewhat, though. I liked writing them all in this but I hope John doesn't come across as weak or anything like that. Sigh...me and my worries.
Hell, if Sherlock could improve and better himself at his age, over a relatively short period of time, then it should be…not easy, such things were never easy, even he knew that. But it ought to be doable, at least, and with relatively little issue afterwards.
“Can I get back to you on that?” Even as he said it, he was leaning forward for a kiss. It was a soft, gentle kiss that honestly was a peck but regardless, it felt…yes, it felt anchoring.
John had shown him that together wasn’t dangerous and unsafe, or if it was, then the benefits more than made up for it. Together had further benefits than what cancelled out alone, benefits that he would struggle to be without going forward.
What struck him as more peculiar – interesting wasn’t the right word, as that would imply it was something positive – was the fact that John refused to as much as mention his own family. Almost demonstratively so, he’d say.
They might be a weight on his middle right now, but they were going to be a small boulder on it before he got to give birth. Not forty weeks, either, because multiples had, as far as he knew, never gone full term.
Sherlock isn't alone in his Mind Palace, not even now, and the other occupant has no intention of sleeping or otherwise lying dormant.
Why was he suddenly feeling self-conscious about it? It wasn’t as though he didn’t have quite a lot of details about John taking up space in his brain, details which he had no intention of deleting. He had even aired some of them to his flatmate at times, without so much as a blink or a care, even when John hadn’t taken to the revelation favourably, to put it mildly.
He would’ve expected to get a raised eyebrow or maybe an indignant expression. What he most definitely wasn’t expecting was the look of surprised confusion and especially the hurt.
One thing he did not get, though, was any further touching. Which was slightly frustrating but the main point was that it seemed Sherlock was still scared of what happened when they went further.
Why would that ever be something to be interested in, though, much less make him smile? It was just a silly anecdote that didn’t really anything much, and certainly not something with any kind of importance or relevance for anyone but John.
Especially Alphas, with their starker scent. At least this one hadn’t thought to enhance his natural output with enhancing perfumes, as was the trend among a certain subset.
“You are, John,” Sherlock reiterated, with more confidence and no doubt about the relief this time. He still didn’t look quite put-together and alright, as one might expect from him.
Keeping an eye on the sleeping figure for as long as he could while doing his very best to remain as quiet as humanly possible, John made his way out of the room and then down the hallway.
“Makes a lot of sense, sir. Now, I don’t think we have the one on display in a twins-option, sadly, but if you’ll follow me over here, sir, there’s a selection of items specifically designed for twins.”
“You’re not going to lose me,” the doctor said, voice quiet but firm. “I think that boat sailed long ago.”
John hadn’t known that. How could he know it hadn’t been easy? Well, now, he more than likely would know, considering, but at the time? No. At the time he couldn’t have known, just as he couldn’t be expected not to be angry at Sherlock for it, not to mention the rest of it.
“I am,” he admitted. “Mostly worried but yes, also scared. There are so many things that are up in the air, so many variables and unknowns that is impossible to calculate and counter yet can turn out to have devastating effects on not just me but the people I care about. I know that’s a factor in all life, but regardless, this – “
For crying out loud, the murder weapon was lying right beside him, as though someone had thought to make an edgy, gory version of Cluedo.
John smiled, thankful. “Of course not, you plonker – and you won’t be a horrible father. You’ll likely screw up but so will I. That’s just being parents. Being human.”
It was undoubtedly because he was the one there more than anything else if not exclusively that, but she could still have pushed him away. She did not lack autonomy or gut instincts, and those both made her hold onto him.
They said that children didn’t give off scent until they reached far enough into puberty – that some people called it ‘maturity’ was laughable, as they were still more kids than they were adults – to present. As far as the outside world was concerned, that was true enough. But scent wasn’t a biological concept evolved purely for sexual purposes.
thought beyond that. “The hell else does it mean, then, and how was I to know? It’s not as though either of you have exactly been brimming over with titbits on dragon lore, is it?”
Sherlock blinked, visibly more than a little thrown. A frown started to appear, the corners of his mouth drew down, and his scent changed slightly, though not with notes that one would’ve expected from the expression.
“Just say no, if need be,” he said. He had the distinct feeling that it was an important call, and not because they rang again immediately afterwards. Telemarketers did that, and they were about as quintessentially unimportant as they came.
In any case, his mind was soon focused on something else entirely as John finally managed to pull what he had been struggling to get out of his pocket out into the open.
He pushed back against it, employing the strength that he was receiving through John as well as his own sheer willpower. The energy rippled and shook but held. He pushed harder, then harder again, fuelling it with all the anger and guilt and terror he’d felt since he’d resurfaced, until the energy, with the odd sound of a sheet of metal being shook, burst and allowed him through.
Another crash sounded from the bedroom and the erroneous thought of ‘there shouldn’t really be more to crash in there’ flitted through his mind. However, it also brought his focus back more fully on what was possibly unfolding in there and the fact that at any minute, it could spill out into the passage and further, put the danger closer to him.
Of course. That was the exact region they’d stayed in, chosen for its distance yet proximity to old Blighty, which appealed to the users located in Britain, when the harem had last been situated in France, which was the time when he’d been pregnant with his little girl.
That he was effectively one-handed and without a weapon wouldn’t ordinarily matter to him, except for the fact that he’d been overpowered earlier and could be so again, more easily than before, and with perhaps far more serious an outcome than the first time.
A shiver ran through the brunet, from the back of his neck all the way down his spine, leaving tingling warmth in its wake.
Secondly, they’d gotten a new English teacher after Mr. Locke had retired, one whose enthusiasm screamed that he was not just fresh blood but green, too. That meant he took an
But it was evident that they did need those appointments, if they were to make sure two babies growing in a body that’d been through the ringer and suffered bond deterioration made it to arrival, and despite the posh appearance, he found himself trusting the midwife almost completely, only the wariness, cultivated through sheer need, he always carried with him marring that, and even then, only a little.
“Sherlock, you only just admitted to…to loving me. You’ve been adamant in your derision of sentiment up to this point. It’s not that I don’t believe that you love me, I do, because it’s not something
Some people might air the opinion that John being a former soldier, not to mention a harem keeper, he ought to have a higher tolerance and resilience in such situations but to that, Sherlock had only scorn. To be honest, he probably would have far more than that for whoever dared to voice it in his presence, but scorn was a start.
Part of it, more than likely a great part, was in a probable effort to cope with…all of this, to be honest. Bring a bit of normalcy about it – which was the other part, wasn’t it? If you could call it that when it was weaved in with the first. Reverting to behavioural patterns previously established between two people, especially if they were ones between siblings, was pretty common, after all, and probably, though John was no expert in such things, even more so in stressful situations.
Apparently, the security officer in question wasn’t used to teddy bears that were weighted like that and so they thought the bear carried contraband in its innards.
“I’m sorry,” John said after a moment or two, “there must be something to at least the part with the hormonal imbalance being linked to the scent bond, after all, because I think I might be rubbing off on you.”
The Alpha had argued back that given the fact that the last time John’s body had been pregnant, it had been in the harem, there might be associations that it wasn’t necessary to conjure. Besides, he’d said in a quieter moment, he liked taking their time in the morning and showing John and his body that both were appreciated in and of themselves.
“It’s just a theory.” It sounded oddly hesitant, as though he would rather not say until he was certain. “A very loose one.”
She didn’t take it immediately, but she did sniff at it after a moment where it looked as though she was going to run or at least back off. That seemed to only further confuse her, so she turned around swiftly to where she could sniff at John’s wrist.
Something else clicked into place in his mind at that. Something that Mycroft had said. Or rather, had demanded an answer to, one which John was unable to give, and then clarified on what he’d meant.
The blond gave him a long look then sighed. “Good question. I wish I had a good answer to it, other than you were distracting, which isn’t a good answer at all.”
Or maybe not. Looking closer at Sherlock’s expression, though the sulk was set pretty well into the features in general, there was something in his eyes that was…pleading? Was that right?
He tried not to let the vouching incident get to him, aware that Sherlock hadn’t wanted to do so and had been up until then purely a silent, supportive presence beside him, apart from the click of tapping computer keys. The issue was that the monkey at the front desk had been stickler-insistent he couldn’t possibly be the Doctor John H. Watson the account belonged to.
Much as he couldn’t lose John…he could, and he shouldn’t be a weight around his neck. An albatross, some useless part of his brain informed him.
“I’m…dammit, I’m an enormous berk, is what I am,” he said, keeping his voice as low as Sherlock had, so as not to alert the store staff that something was amiss, “and I’m sorry, love. You’re right. Thank you.”
That certainly didn’t sound or otherwise resemble the dragon, not what John had seen of it, but that in itself wasn’t really any kind of clue, was it? It most definitely wasn’t any kind of clincher.
The brunet drew in a breath that was shaky but determined at the same time, as though he’d come to decision then and there. “No. I can’t…that’s
“Your skill at stating the blindingly obvious yet completely useless is yet unmatched. Perhaps you should ask your parents to bottle it for you? You need to make a living somehow, after all.”
“For many of the same reasons I want to be your friend, Sherlock, all of them to do with you. That doesn’t mean I don’t want to be your friend and if that’s all you want us to be, then that’s fine. More than fine. I just…I promised myself that after all this was done, if we pulled it off, I’d grow a pair and…well, kiss you. Didn’t think it’d be sitting here like this, me with a massive shiner that hurts every time I talk and you with tearstains down your cheeks, but…”
Not only would it be the man’s word against his that John had been acting in self-defence, the blond had no intention to unnecessarily risk the health of his unborn children. He’d put them under enough strain as it was and while there was some truth in the notion that a part of him desperately craved challenge and danger, the adrenaline that such things brought, he wasn’t quite that stupid.
There he was again! Just out of the corner of his eye, standing behind a car, no, walking behind a Ford Transit van now, gone.
Sherlock’s first reaction was to ignore it. There was something here that was more important…well, at any rate, there was something he needed to deal with in his mind before he could bear to…
“But it’s not the same, then, apart from the gold? You said your mother collects porcelain, but Mycroft collects people, and that it’s not really a choice. What then determines it?”
. “And for the young man here, perhaps a – yes, a caramel cortado with almond milk, medio, and a triple chocolate muffin. Make that two, seeing as he’s so skinny and all.”
“For their age, they’re doing rather well, yes,” she said. “When you take into consideration the issues you’ve mentioned,” which were redacted and modified for general consumption, “they are in fact doing tremendously well. You’re sure you weren’t aware there are two?”
“Undoubtedly accurate even if likely also somewhat…crass. My point, however, is that where I hoped he would have known what to do or would have remembered based on my earlier conversation with him, it seems that he has not retained anything, after all.
He kicked again, harder and wilder than before, just trying to inflict enough damage or cause enough shock that he could pull the ankle free and get out. But he didn’t have the element of surprise on his side this time and instead of impacting with a part of the other’s face again, he had his other ankle grabbed, too, the grip just as strong as the other.
to end up in the clutches of, James Moriarty was one of the very worst and the idea that he could have any claim whatsoever on John’s little girl – their little girl – was horrifying and, yes, nauseating.
Both their voices had risen during the argument, going up into the range of shouting. Even so, a voice managed to cut through their cacophony.
John should never be in a position where he doubted Sherlock’s commitment or his feelings ever again.
John settled himself on one of the empty seats next to Sherlock, only halfway turned towards him. “Be honest with you, didn’t think you’d agree to this.”
He’d gotten out of the building and quite a long way down the street by this point but not so far that he couldn’t still see the windows of 221. Glancing back at them only briefly, he decided to keep walking, lack of destination and still damp hair be damned.
than their usual bickering. Not arguing at all ever again would…it would probably be the single best indicator that their friendship had died or was in the process of dying.
In an odd sort of way, it would be easier to assume that becoming a dragon was something you caught or, if it was hereditary, it’d be a recessive gene that Mycroft hadn’t inherited.
So, he’d dragged them out to what had been the old groundskeeper’s shed but was now just storage. It wasn’t the place he preferred to be when he was by himself, that he didn’t want to divulge, but it was rare enough that it got visitors and so would work for the purpose.
When they stopped and pulled away, Sherlock stayed close enough that their foreheads and noses touched, and their lips would touch as well if he spoke.
They could ill afford to leave a backdoor, especially one so insidious and yet so glaring, open for the dragon to slip through the moment Sherlock let go of the leash. It might be that he didn’t feel jealous and had rather scoffed at the notion, but that wasn’t the same as not being jealous, was it? John made a valid point.
, specifically. She doesn’t know me, and I don’t know which punter she is. I...I got someone else to sweettalk her and provide them with the phone, which they then passed onto me.”
Something to do with his family? Not unlikely, and easy to link, mostly due to the shared clear reluctance to broach the subject. But still…he knew he could trust Sherlock, didn’t he? Or did he really not consider him as one to call when help was needed?
As he advanced, he could feel John’s essence, for lack of a less clichéd term, still trapped beneath the shielding but fighting it instinctively with all his might and the icy tendrils that had wormed their way around his heart melted a little. If he was still fighting, then he was still alive, and if that was the case, then everything would be fine.
“Don’t piss around, Moriarty. If you wanted to kill either of us, why the bloody buggering fuck didn’t you just do that at the pool?
John wasn’t backing down, though. “Then why not do it while I was trying to patch you up? Why only do it when almost every shred of your humanity, for lack of a better term, was…well, not gone, per se, but certainly very, very deeply buried? That does not make any sort of sense. There’d be far better times to do it – before I ever knew you were a dragon, for a start. It’s not as though you haven’t exactly been close to my neck before now.”
Then Sherlock reached out a hand and, gently, took the phone from the doctor, who didn’t attempt to hold on to it. The speaker was switched back off, presumably to spare John, and the brunet held it up to his ear, already frowning, though whether in concentration, irritation, sleepiness, or a combination thereof wasn’t evident.
The doctor blinked at that, once slowly and then in rapid succession, in the process letting several tears fall at once. When he then focused on Sherlock, a look of realisation and regret slipped across his features. Then he looked down and away, grimacing.
The flat in the basement, it had turned out, which Mrs. Hudson was still hoping to rent out. So far, she hadn’t had any luck and it was claimed it was the damp. Damp was such a solvable issue, though, even if it wasn’t necessarily a cheap one – the rent she could get for flat here was, well, ridiculous high, even for a basement one, and ought to be plenty of motivation in itself – that the Omega strongly suspected the actual reason was a curly-haired whirlwind of an Alpha git.
He wished he could’ve gone to physically see her before they’d left rather than having to do so through a video call and was only comforted a little by the fact that she looked a bit better than the last time he’d seen her.
Hell, he had gone out like this precisely to get some distance, both physically and mentally, to what they were up against. So why was his mind creating constructs for him to fight when there were plenty of real threats to his life and his sanity as it was?
"We are,” he agreed, “and I trust that you’re going to tell me when and if you can. I do, Sherlock, truly. But if you’ll force yourself to do when you’re not ready for it, then…”
Then the little toe rag, wannabe bohemian and far wealthier than he wanted his friends to know, judging by the retro rather than vintage items he was sporting, had the temerity, the
It would help, of course, that both of them spoke at least passable French. In fact, Sherlock spoke rather good French, from what relatively little John had heard, which was just…of course he bloody well did.
It wasn’t even just that he needed to think of their development and the normal pitfalls in pregnancy. The first few months of their existence had been a toll, to put it mildly, on both him and them, and those were quite critical months. That they seemed fine was nothing short of a miracle, and even then, it was one with the caveat of what couldn’t be seen through an ultrasound, which was more than he cared to contemplate.
The fact that he did have a Mind Palace, was used to wandering the hallways and odd rooms of his mind on a regular basis made it slightly easier, as he already had paths that he knew how to traverse. The trick wouldn’t be going down there itself, then, nor would it be to keep his eyes open while he did so. That he did often enough while just off in his Mind Palace, after all, much to John’s initial frustration when they had started living together.
He got no immediate answer for that but got the distinct feeling that he’d managed to amuse the man again rather than anger him, which served to anger John.
“She’s a regular ‘user’, which means she is trusted by the owners to allow her to return, but not an owner herself, or you wouldn’t have risked it. That she has given you something, through another or not, is a risk factor, if for no other reason that she is sure to have put tracers on the phone.”
Mycroft was a lot more forthcoming. “On a holiday when he was five. We spent the whole day searching for it, as I recall, with no luck. He was inconsolable for about a fortnight. Then he never spoke of it again.”
He let go of the other’s hand, quickly so he couldn’t change his mind, and turned around, ready, or as ready as he’d ever be, to walk away. He’d prefer being able to go straight to the roof for some time alone, to get his head and heart back in order, but he knew he’d be expected to go and talk to his parents and endure the comments from Mycroft.
Sherlock hadn’t made a noise, at least none that John had heard, during that entire incident. Encouragingly, though, the tail had moved a little more and the torso was tilted further towards the doctor.
it seemed that John didn’t merely see it but was receptive, still, as he smiled back equally gently.
Despite all John had thought, despite what he’d said about loving Sherlock, to hear the word ‘mating’ come out of Mycroft’s mouth, in particular in relation to Sherlock and him, that…was jarring, too, even if it wasn’t in the same way as the other instances.
“I honestly can’t. I would if I could. I tried before we…left and again here, more than once, but for a reason I do not know and can’t reason out, I cannot shift either one way or the other.”
“Something like that. But he wouldn’t have bothered sending one of his most trusted minions out to deliver those things to you if he thought you could – “
The dragon that was his friend noticed the abrupt move away from him, of course he did, and was far from pleased with that, the audible snarl rising to include a note of screeching as the head whirled around again to where John was now getting up off the floor, the movement started the moment he’d hit the ground.
“Well, see you,” he said as he hefted his backpack better onto his shoulder and changed his grip on the guitar still in his hand. Was there an awkward tone to his voice? No, surely not.
A decision apparently having been made in his head he began to unceremoniously divest himself of his clothing.
Nothing this good happened to Sherlock, and much as he tried to stay in the moment and just enjoy what he could, the part of him that knew how things went for him kept whispering and he couldn’t shut it out.
it, with no intention of returning it, and it only assuaged the anger partially to know that the dragon nature had been at play there. That taking it had been what Mycroft had termed the first step in the courting…
In that light, whether or not he was spooked, whether he didn’t want to feel hemmed in and controlled, didn’t matter quite so much.
“I know I’m not exactly impartial and that that colours what I see, but…” He trailed off, looking out over the clutter one more time, something wistful and complicated on his face.
The military had been close living with no chance of more private spaces, at least within barracks and for more than half an hour, at most. But while it had been close, for many closer than they ever got emotionally to their own family, it hadn’t been…at the very least, he could say that they hadn’t all been emotionally close or intimate. There were things you just didn’t talk about or show and as importantly, they had been able to
Of course, they could hardly make a habit of it, as that would attract attention from the bank, but as a temporary measure, it worked great.
He had, however, been surprisingly interested in it, even if only mildly. Oh, not in the weapons themselves, apart from a slight childish glint in his eye. It was in the way John handled them, or so he’d claimed, anyway. The difference of expertise in comparison to all the amateurs the consulting detective had seen in his career so far.
John drew in a sharp breath at that. He felt Sherlock grab his hand, which was a comfort and an anchor. “Do you know where she is? Have you got her?”
She wouldn’t do it on purpose, that was true, and she wasn’t as dotty as she liked to give the impression of, either. But that didn’t alter the fact that she did sometimes, especially when she was excited in terms of their relationship, which she was a very staunch supporter of, let something slip.
What else could you call it when you’d deleted something so…crucial, no matter its perceived importance, that would be affecting your life, your future in such an essential way.
“No, I wasn’t actually expecting you to say you keep it under the bed or something. But it still exists?”
Sherlock cut himself off at that, though that was main because John had distracted him by reaching into the bag in question and pulling out the item.
“I know,” the brunet replied, keeping his voice soft. “But you can’t stay awake indefinitely, nor should you. You need a good, long sleep.”
Sherlock hadn’t found the answer, apart from keeping that fear with him at all times, like a dog on a tight leash that would otherwise bolt, causing destruction in its wake. That and the mental image of John lighting up when he saw the ring. Possibly when Sherlock asked the question.
The fact that he’d been carrying before, he didn’t put much confidence in, not on its own, at least. He wasn’t far enough along to feel clear kicking and weight or other factors that people used as clues often turned out to be as reliable as the ‘sure-fire ways’ people had of ensuring one gender or another, primary or secondary. Or the way you could supposedly tell the number and the gender by the changing scent notes.
Again, the thought of just where he would go with a dragon intent on claiming him on his tail flashed through his mind, and again, he had no answer, even if it seemed that Mycroft wasn’t intending on aiding his little brother in claiming John after all. Not that it likely mattered much but it was the thought that counted, wasn’t it?
Though it felt somewhat silly, if not downright stupid in the circumstances, John couldn’t help the small sense of relief at having finally said it to Sherlock’s face, regardless of his ability to understand him and react, one way or the other.
