They break apart and look into each other’s eyes, searching for meaning there. Whatever they see, it’s enough. Lips reacquaint with lips and tongues meet. Their movements disrupt the settled, fine dust, awakening whorls in dances around them, painfully serenading their slow movements.
John falls silent, suddenly not really wanting to continue playing. He stares at the couple, trying to find any similarities between the woman’s behavior and Sherlock’s. Is that it, then? Is Sherlock trying to tell him he doesn’t love him? But then, the letter. He wouldn’t have written it if he hadn’t meant— Oh. Of course. He said so himself, didn’t he, on the first day John got here? He had been writing down all the things he needed to store away. All the things he needed to move on from.
I wanted to say… that is… thank you. For your help. You didn’t have to come, and yet… It was good to see you. And Rosie. Tell her hello from me. I hope I’ll see you both soon.
They’re still in bed, the sun having just risen, and the flat still quiet. Sherlock considers the question a moment, slowly stroking John’s back up and down.
And Sherlock, I love you so much. I can’t imagine what it must be like in 221B. I wasn’t able to stay there while you were gone, and I’m not sure I could do it now more than ever. What you’re doing for me, love, is beyond words. I love you, please never forget that I do. I love you, and I miss you, and I want nothing more than to be with you. I know you’re saying weekends are not an option, but if you ever change your mind, I’ll be there every Friday night to snuggle close against you and let our bodies find each other in many ways.
John licks his lips, his tongue tasting Sherlock’s at the same time, “Yes, because I love you, every single part of you.”
Sherlock had smiled into his next sip or coffee, considering. He couldn’t imagine such fulfilment finding him before then - something he never hoped for and certainly hadn’t dared to expect. He had loved John so deeply and for so long, but it was something he thought he’d have to take to his grave (the real one this time). Nowhere in his Mind Palace was there ever a scenario where John could love him back in the same way, and there was definitely no scenario where he’d be a part of both of his and Rosie’s lives on a permanent basis.
John! Don’t be alarmed, but I’ve just figured out that this may or may not be a gay bar. I’m by the loos. Meet me here. I’ll get you out of here, John Watson, don’t you think I won’t -
Sherlock crawls to the empty space next to him and links hands with him, leaning his head on his shoulder.
Sherlock also knows that a fire can’t start without a spark, so he forges ahead, into those uncharted waters he has been fearing all along.
Making you angry was never my intention. I was merely trying to make you realise what you’re doing to yourself, but as you repeatedly explained, you’re an adult and therefore free to live your life the way you want. Just as I am free to express my opinion and concern. It never felt to me as if I was trying to be your
I miss you. Terribly. And it’s only been two days - how ridiculous is that? I knew love turned people into blithering, sentimental fools but you, John Watson, have done quite the number on me. I used to think myself a rational, sensible sort. I miss you.
Sherlock pauses, a deep crevice forming where his eyebrows crease. John wants to reach out and placate it. He wants to do more than that.
When it all began, he collected samples every hour - of the dirt itself, of the soil, of the air and plants and rain and ruin. He was relentless in his single-minded search. Surely this, he could solve. He toyed with the idea of a destiny, a calling that culminated in the cure. Every case, every experiment, every research paper - all his quantifiable efforts leading on a golden string to a single point where he could tease this - the final mystery - to its conclusion. It was as though purpose had happened upon him and every other moment of his miserable, senseless existence had simply been a means to this one end.
It feels as though all the air has been sucked out of the room upon his departure. The tension is still electrifying the atmosphere, and Sherlock’s stomach is in little knots. He knows he crossed a line, but he isn’t quite sure where. It isn’t always easy for him to gauge where in social situations he’s gone wrong, but that’s what John has always helped him with.
“Right. Everything else, all the stuff that came before, is meaningless. We can’t give it any more importance than it’s already had. It’s what had to happen to make
John laughs this time, a joyful sound that he had no idea he could make, “I can see that. But I was hoping you’d miss me a bit more, kiss me a bit more.”
“Why don’t you go get ready first,” he says, out of breath. “I’ll take care of all this and then join you.”
John dozes on and off while Sherlock lies on his shoulder and abstractedly strokes his fingers through his fair chest hair. He thinks about all the bodies they’ve stepped over in their effort to be here, especially the ones from before the world began to crumble. He wonders if John feels as sorry about this as he does. He wonders if John feels it more because he has more to lose or if never having anything to lose is pain enough.
“Then you know,” John breathes. “You don’t need any more proof than just that. Just like I don’t need any more proof than the way your entire face suddenly lights up when I tell you, or the way your breath catches when I kiss you, or the way you looked just hours ago, sitting in your chair and telling me it’s not too late.”
Sherlock’s eyes are roaming all over his face, studying him closely and John hopes more than anything than he can read what he just said. “I love you, John, and as much as I hate the idea of you going, I know you have to.”
Of course there’s a bloody “we” when it comes to your mental or physical health! If I remember correctly,
Sherlock smiles back before they kiss again. Like they’re both in on it; this little world they’ve finally created for themselves which is a slice of pure heaven, unsullied by anything else, not even the past.
His entire body tenses as he waits for Sherlock’s reply, only to break down when a “Yes” comes out. He shuts everything down at this, locking himself in his own head. He doesn’t need to know where and when and how. He can’t listen to more. He has no right to. Just as he has no right to get angry. It isn’t his place or right to be jealous. Sherlock is a grown man, someone he’s not sure he knows anymore. Who's to say this isn’t the first time he’s been asked out like this. Who’s to say he hasn’t said yes before, too.
Before long, he notices that they’re standing in front of the door of the room that he stayed in the last time they were here. It was ostensibly for a case, but John knows - knew then - that Sherlock brought him here because he sensed the need to escape. When tragedy blew through his life, Sherlock blew back, comforting him solely with gestures and silent reassurances.
“Anyway,” John says after they’ve been walking for some time. “I know I’ve said it a million times and you’ve emphatically asked me to stop saying it, but I just want you to know -
Sherlock folds his coat over his arm and ruffles his hair in frustration. “You can’t stop me from going.”
and he can’t help but fall asleep with the same smile still lingering on well past the time when his heart rate and body temperature register that it’s time to be sleeping.
“John,” he says, with that voice John knows all too well. “You don’t have to worry about them. All mummy kept asking was if you were coming, too.”
John can’t remember the last time he had such a good night’s sleep. He has no doubt it has everything to do with the fact that Sherlock is currently still fast asleep next to him, or that the events of yesterday put some of his worries at bay. Sherlock’s parents had been nothing but kind and open with him, welcoming him back as if his ex murderous wife hadn’t put a bullet in their son, and John had never felt so relieved. He knows he still has a lot to apologise for, and that Sherlock and him have a lot more to talk about, but it’s starting to feel as if they found the right way to safely go there.
“You know you are too, right?” Sherlock asks after a moment, beginning to turn inside his arms until they’re facing.
. John barely comes out of the bedroom, except to shower or get food which he doesn’t even eat at the table but back in the bloody room. Sherlock tries different tactics, uses various excuses and even once waits for John completely naked in the morning. This only results in listening to John pleasuring himself in the shower afterwards, which, while pleasant, is definitely not what Sherlock had planned for.
He opens every window and sliding door that he can, stepping out onto the balcony that overlooks the bushy landscape. The hot, thick air hits him in waves. He stands there for long moments, breathing deeply, allowing the sun to beat down on his skin through the wooden slats sheltering the area.
“I almost didn’t,” John replies. “I get why you decided to leave. But I couldn’t just let you go without…”
It would make the most sense for me to just pick up the phone and call you, I know, but speaking to you on the phone is almost unbearable. Almost as unbearable as the thought of seeing you on weekends. I know this perplexes you a little bit, but having a little bit of you and not being allowed to have it all is… very difficult for me. You know I’m an all or nothing man. Little nibbles of you, I know, would make it even harder to breathe the rest of the time.
They climb in, still not exchanging a word, but John can already feel the excitement of the case growing. He knows Sherlock is probably going to solve it quickly, but John is going to take advantage of this time together.
John, I. I realise I shouldn’t have just… kind of turned up that way, I. I apologise. For everything.
“From time to time, yes,” John says. “I’m also getting something for Lestrade and Mrs Hudson. Maybe Mike, too.”
John starts to look worried. He rubs the back of his neck in self-conscious self-awareness. “I - er, hope that was ok? I didn’t mean to misinterpret or rush you, I just -”
He smiles, picturing the two of them in this new facet of their relationship. There will be dates, like the one they had the day before, unable to stop grinning at each other. There will be more holidays, somewhere warm or deadly cold, but together. There will be fights, probably terrible ones once in a while, but there will also be makeups afterward. There will be cases to drive them mad or sleep deprived. There will be…
hunt for the truth. Maybe he doesn’t appreciate it when it’s directed at him, sure, but he’s never outright refused him like this before. Which only serves to heighten Sherlock’s already-intense curiosity.
“I didn’t mean - What I meant to say is that whatever happens, however it happens, I’m ok with it. As long as I’ve still got you, in one way or another. I’m clearly not in this for a short haul, and I never intend to lose you again. Not ever,” John says softly as he strokes Sherlock’s hand with his index finger. Sherlock huffs out a long sigh he wasn’t aware he’d been holding in.
John watches closely, pushing in and out slowly at first and then faster and deeper with each encouraging moan from Sherlock.
As soon as Sherlock arrives at the crime scene, all thoughts of John go out the window as he dashes from outdoor muddy footprints to indoor blood splatter. Unfortunately, thoughts of John never stay buried for long and he can’t exactly ignore them when the man himself shows up fifteen minutes later with two cups of takeaway coffee - one of them ostensibly for Sherlock.
“One fear: to disappoint you, that my lack of experience concerning all sexual matters will be a problem to you. One doubt: I’m not one hundred percent certain you won’t leave again. Everytime I dare to imagine a future with you, I find myself doubting it is even possible that you’ll remain with me here. One question: will I ever be able to prove to you just how much I love you?”
Please, you have to believe me, I never thought it would make you feel this way. You said it yourself: you managed just fine before I burst into your life, and with what… with what I've done to you, I was certain that going away could only help you move on. I felt like a complete idiot, sending you that message and not even coming to meet you for lunch. But the truth is, I was a coward. I couldn’t face you because you would have read all this on my face, and you wouldn’t have let me go without getting the words out of me.
Sherlock turns to face him very slowly, rolling onto his side. His eyes find John’s immediately, piercing even in the dim light. John focuses on his breathing, knowing this could go in two directions only.
“No, I do,” Sherlock sighs. “I panicked, and I don’t want you to think that I don’t trust you, because I do, I swear I do, but I couldn’t stop thinking and then there were all these pictures in my head and-”
“Sorry,” John says softly, almost tenderly, lingering for a brief moment with his face mere centimetres from Sherlock’s. Hot, stale breath mingles with hot, stale breath as the charged moment continues. A word, a whisper, a breath could charge it ever more. But then, as though snapped out of a charm: “It’s Wednesday.” Stated plainly, flourishments left behind them, in the Old World.
What he doesn’t say is that that very night and the memory of it was one of those he took with him in his time away, pulling it out to examine it from all edges like a faded photograph from a time past. He feels a clutch against his heart and allows it before discarding it. Dwelling on what would have and could have and didn’t may have become somewhat of a forte for him, but he isn’t going to let that ruin their evening together.
John kisses his way down Sherlock’s collarbone, stopping to look up into his eyes and murmur, “You know… Technically, I haven’t exactly ever done this, either.”
I bet you’re probably sick of cases for a while now. Last one was a bit of a doozy. Heh. Lestrade just rang with one, though. Probably a seven, more likely a six. Let me know if you’re in.
“That’s ridiculous,” Sherlock blurts out, lifting himself up onto his elbow to look down into John’s eyes. “That doesn’t make any sense. We’ve both got baggage and, quite frankly, I know every bit of baggage you carry and I carry it, too. It’s
Sherlock stands up, already going for his coat without an answer. John finishes his soup as quickly as possible, grabbing his phone and jacket and rushing downstairs to find Sherlock already waving for a cab.
“Oh, fuck. Yeah, alright. Yeah,” John responds, kissing his way down Sherlock’s jaw and neck, rubbing his hands down his sides.
“I guess I was, yes. But the thing is, and I hate that it sounds so… mean, but I never felt this urge to kiss her constantly.” He stares back at Sherlock. “Whereas you…”
And it’s stupid because he could just stay. He could just refuse this job that sounds too good to be true and find something here, even if it takes months, even if it means he’ll be useless and just good at… well, not much actually.
Hi! Long time, no speak. Just wondering if you’re around. Might stop by later for a cuppa if you’re available. Let me know.
“God, I don’t think I’ll ever get used to hearing that,” John replies, pecking him on his mouth. “I love you.”
Sherlock nods slowly, apparently hesitating to say something and so John waits until he finally breathes out a tentative, “I have a theory about why you come to 221B each time.”
Involving Mycroft in my occasional drug use won’t get you anywhere - when has it ever? Don’t you think I can work around that? Hasn’t past experience taught you that? Your threats really mean nothing at this point, and only serve to anger me further.
If time is what Sherlock needs, then he’s going to make sure he has all the time in the world to get used to everything. For now, another glass of water might help to calm him back down, and surely sleep will come at some point. Or else, he can just think of the way Sherlock’s mouth felt moving against his own.
“Wait,” he replies, pulling John down for a kiss that he urgently, desperately needs, to which John is only too happy to oblige. He digs his heels into John’s arse then, with a commanding, “Now,” and John just smiles and pushes in slightly, allowing Sherlock to stretch around him once more.
“Just so you know,” he says, already out of breath, “we might not get to the penetrative part this morning.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, blushing lightly and looking to his feet as they continue to hit the grey block paving.
Yes, I’ll always be there for you, and I’ll always be in your life, even in a small way, but I can no longer be the man that I was for you. Especially because you never asked me to be. I inserted myself into your life in such a pivotal way without your consent, let alone your request. I made up a fiction in my head where I was crucial in some way; that, without me, you’d still be or return to being the same lost soul I came to know all those years ago.
“I don’t want you to come back, John,” Sherlock insists. “If you did that, I’d never forgive myself. I’d never be okay with it, not ever.”
John feels the knot in his chest tighten, and he places two fingers under Sherlock’s chin, forcing him to look back at him. “I mean that Sherlock. I love you, more than anything. You are what’s important, what matters.”
“But in the meantime,” John says, walking back towards him, “we’ll have to respect social distancing.”
We need milk. And seventeen fingernails, varying sizes. Let me know when you’ve procured both, or either.
John grins back and, pretty soon, the laughter comes from somewhere deep and private, bellyfulls of something that looks like joy but definitely isn’t.
Sherlock looks intrigued. John gestures towards the sofa, going there first to make room for the both of them to sit down. Sherlock keeps his distance, which is entirely understandable, but John is glad the earlier awkwardness is gone. He places both hands on his lap, staring at the open window in front of them. He can hear the ocean from here, and he wonders if he should have suggested they take a walk outside instead.
Sherlock exhales loudly next to him, as if releasing a breath held too long. John doesn’t dare to glance at him.
The feeling of lips on his nape stirs John out of his sleep. He sighs, smiling as he stretches lazily. Sherlock’s body is warm, very warm, against his back. So that’s how it feels then, being ridiculously happy. He could get used to the feeling, really quick. Actually, he might already have.
“It’s not about payment or repayment. It’s about the reciprocal nature of relationships. It’s about the fact that I’d do anything for you -
“Sherlock.” John puts his glass down, sliding forward on his chair and letting his free hand cup Sherlock’s face, too. They’re close. Suddenly John is brought back, a lifetime ago, to a fence separating them and metal hurting their flesh. “Look at me.” Shades of bright warmth lights their faces. “I understand. I do.”
The air between them feels electrified as they undress slowly. A homecoming. A relief. When they’re both fully naked, they collapse onto the bed together in a heap, writhing and kissing and biting and sucking in desperate measure. It feels as though every ounce of concentration needs to be wrapped up in these activities. It’s desperate and a little bit messy, but soon it slows down as their kisses grow more languid and longing. The tiring events of the day and the gratitude they feel for one another all melt into one as they kiss each other’s eyes and lips and chests as though they’re telling each other little secrets in the confines of their private, safe space.
“I think we both know what it means. Let’s not drag this out further than needed.” He crosses his arms, punctuating his point, and Sherlock wants to wipe the smug look right off his thin lips.
Because it’s them and Sherlock wouldn’t want them any other way, the slow and soft turns back to heat and passion the second John is inside him, neither of them able to control any of it. Sherlock moans and cries out John’s name until he’s so close that it almost aches not to be coming. But John, wonderful, breathtaking John kisses him while pushing once more into him and they’re both finally finding their release.
“Well?” Sherlock demanded between fits of giggles. John wasn’t letting up. Ever since he had accidentally discovered that Sherlock was extremely ticklish one eventful night, Sherlock had been waiting for him to use it to his advantage.
“Sometimes it feels as if we already are,” Sherlock murmurs, pressing his lips to John’s temple as if to breathe to words there.
Sherlock remains there for a long moment, breathing against his mouth and John waits for the words that he’s surely been holding back all this time: “I... “
None of John’s parents or grandparents’ names match the possible initials, though. He also has no mysterious siblings Sherlock doesn’t know about (he checked - one can never be too sure these days) and, as far as he knows, none of his exes match either. Unless…
“Yes,” Sherlock hisses, his hips stuttering off the bed of their own accord. He feels as though every one of their experiences together have only lent themselves to this very moment.
He regrets it instantly when John’s hand just stops where it is and he stares Sherlock right in the face as though he’s had a shock.
taken any interest in making the bed since they’ve started being together, and even less when he used to sleep alone in his bed. John is fairly certain Mrs Hudson did it for him every morning, and John had had to explain why she couldn’t continue making
John just has the time to clean the table and go back upstairs before Sherlock finds him again. Looking absolutely gorgeous, John can’t help but let both hands wander over his back and arse as he kisses him goodbye, and the look Sherlock casts him is full of promise. Rosie babbles to herself as Sherlock leaves, waving to the room, and John assures her Sherlock will be back as soon as possible. He’s just about to pick her up when his phone rings and he hurries to leave her with some of her toys before answering.
, he thinks, watching as Rosie tries to catch Sherlock’s attention with one of her toys. Vainly trying apparently. Sherlock hasn’t moved from the sofa since they’ve been back, staring at the ceiling and replying with groans and hums only. John smiles as Rosie turns towards him, frowning before crawling to her other toys, probably thinking she can find one that will interest Sherlock.
John sighs, steeling himself. “I do want to apologise, though. I never - I know I was keeping you at arm’s length, as you said, but I didn’t even realise that I was doing it. It started as a force of habit that I formed during my army days. There were a lot of things that went on during that time that I didn’t feel comfortable sharing with anybody, the least of all my… sexual history. When I met you, the habit kind of continued. And then. And then, as we grew closer and more intimate with each other, the habit seemed to stick. Not because I didn’t trust you - God knows I trust you more than anybody. Never doubt that. No, it stuck because… I was holding back. I didn’t want you to know - anything, really. Because if you knew one thing, you’d know it all. You’d figure out
“We should think of a way for you to continue your experiments, since Rosie is going to walk soon,” John says, knowing just how dangerous it can all get once she does.
Sherlock dives in for another burning kiss, and even though everything in this situation is screaming for some amazing morning sex, John finds that he is more inclined to simply cuddle with Sherlock in what is now their bed all day. He kisses him a bit harder, hoping to pour out all of the feelings currently mixed up inside his head. One of his fingers finds the largest scar on Sherlock’s back, starting around his hips all the way to his shoulder, and he follows it for a long moment, up and down until their kisses turn into something much more soft and lazy.
It takes another two hours before Sherlock comes back to them, and then Rosie is fast asleep upstairs. John just finished lunch, saving some for Sherlock just in case, and had settled in his chair with a notebook. He had been trying to write down the pros and cons, trying to make sense of all this, and until now, failing to do so. He doesn’t hear Sherlock until he’s practically letting himself fall onto his lap. John suppresses a cry of surprise and welcomes a rather clingy Sherlock with a smile and a “Hey.” Sherlock nuzzles his nose against his neck, breathing out loudly. “Feeling better?”
Sherlock squeezes his hand under the table, and John smiles, silently thanking him. He knows he needs to relax but, for now, he is just waiting for the inevitable questions that are about to come. And yet, it isn’t until dessert that the conversation turns serious, Violet falling silent for a long moment before inhaling deeply.
Sherlock shakes his head, already back to reading his journal. John takes his time going from shop to shop, lingering in front of some souvenirs, wondering whether he should take something back for Mrs Hudson. She is probably going to be thrilled about him moving back in to Baker Street, but John still has a lot to apologize for. He decides on a magnet, very much aware that just the act of bringing something back will do the trick. He also gets a sandwich and some chips, plus some biscuits for Sherlock just in case.
Sherlock looks sharply to John. He hadn’t been expecting those words at all. That conversation - ages ago yet so recent - feels like it belongs to another them in another time. “John,” he says soothingly, running his free hand up and down John’s arm that’s linked through his. “John, never doubt what we are. I’m doing this today so that neither of us ever has to again.”
The toast pops out of the toaster, as though on cue. Neither of them flinches, both leaning into the confrontation with some heat, allowing the tension to mount. They’re both stubborn men. This could be a while.
‘M at the pub with Lesstrade. He says hi. I say, “The charter of thy worth gives thee releasing.” See you around, Johnnn.
They continue eating for a while in affable silence until John meekly begins: “When you say never… what about… Irene Adler?”
“Well, I do care,” John replies, sitting in his chair. “A lot. We have no idea what this virus can do to either of us, and we have to be careful.”
A long minute passes, spent in complete silence. Mrs Hudson’s face changes from concerned to surprised to delighted until tears are pearling in her eyes.
Sherlock hums and holds him closer, finding it hard to talk just now. He needs a bit more of this, right there, and maybe later he’ll tell John just how much he loves him back.
They come to a halt, John sitting down on the sand, facing the ocean. It only takes a second for Sherlock to sit next to him, the same aching distance between them.
When there’s a lull in the conversation, though, John turns serious, asks, “How long?” and Sherlock doesn’t dare ask
Alright, I forgive you for the moustache, but only if you call me back. If you’re amenable, that is. Mycroft thinks the fate of Great Britain is in danger. I’d love a second pair of eyes. You know me - I’m lost without my blogger.
“I’ll pick you up tomorrow then? Seven o’clock?” John says, eyes hooding, and Sherlock knows exactly where his thoughts are going to, because his are going there too.
John studies him silently, wanting to tell him that women have moaned and whispered just how gorgeous, how strong, how manly he is, but that it never mattered. Not really. He wants to tell him that his heart might explode right now because of how happy he feels, of how lucky he feels in this very moment. But his lips remain sealed and he leans in to press their mouths together, the touch almost too gentle and Sherlock smiles against his lips. A lazy smile that John wants to make his own, over and over again.
Sherlock hums his agreement, going into Mark’s office and aiming for the chair immediately. John waits by the door, looking around the room and taking it all in. That’s one of the first things Sherlock taught him actually, looking for clues in the details. He walks to the bookcase, looking closely at the different pictures of Mark all around the world. He’s just about to ask about what seems to be Nepal, turning around and stopping dead in his tracks.
Sherlock sighs, deciding he’ll convince John at one point or the other anyway. He comes up with a dozen new points in his favour while John showers but, by the time he comes out, it looks as if John’s worry has only grown while being alone in there. Lost in his own thoughts, he pours himself a cup of tea only to let it get cold while getting sheets and a pillow for Sherlock.
John shakes his head, moaning. Sherlock’s lips find his neck, kissing over his pulse point over and over again. John can’t help the whimper that escapes him, shifting just so Sherlock’s thigh is pressed directly against his erection.
“I’m not sure now,” John replies honestly. “I came here with the clear intention of saying it all to you. But now, even though it looks like there isn’t much left to save, I don’t know if can risk it.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and finds John looking down at him, smiling fondly. It’s all Sherlock can do not to burst into sobs. The utter emotion and relief he feels is answered in John’s expression and it’s like coming home after years and years or wandering through the desert.
One part of his attraction to John that he’s been more open with - if only to himself - is the physical side. There’s no harm in admitting you find your friend and flatmate handsome, after all. And if that attraction led to him rediscovering certain parts of himself in the still of the night under the covers of his bed, well, that’s nobody’s business but his own.
Sherlock doesn’t look him in the eyes, keeping his gaze fixed on the carpet between them, meaning he knows that what he’s doing is something he shouldn’t be doing. Infuriatingly, that isn’t stopping him from trying to do it, however.
The day we spent together, every second is engraved in my memory. I don't need any mind palace to do so. I don't want to ever forget, any of it. I want to remember the way you looked, smiling and trusting and (truly) radiating with all those feelings you kept from me during all this time. I couldn't keep my hands off you, I had to touch you, feel you so very alive against me. And I know we probably should have talked first, told each other what last Saturday was all about, but I find now that I don't regret any of it.
“Before you say anything,” Sherlock stops him, “I’ve thought about this. I am going to eat my breakfast right here, and you can sit in the kitchen. No contact, much more than one meter away and I’ll clean everything afterwards. It’ll work.”
A pair of lips crash against his as Sherlock pushes him back against the now closed door, and John doesn’t think once about complaining. He lets his lips part slowly, Sherlock’s tongue tracing both of them hungrily, and moans softly. God, he missed this. It’s quite incredible, just how much he’s become addicted to Sherlock’s kisses, to the feeling of him pressed against his body, of his hands around his neck and his breath hot against his face.
“Will you drive or shall I?” Sherlock asks as they approach John’s car, having to almost shout over the cacophony of wind.
When John readjusts Rosie’s diaper bag on his shoulder with Rosie in his arms, though, he’s suddenly saying, “Well. We’d best be off, then,” and Sherlock can’t quite believe it. His stomach drops in disappointment and something close to shame.
The dust leaves almost as quickly as it came. Some experts claim that they knew it was just another, bigger Dust Bowl all along, while others warn that it will return, worse next time.
They’re just inside the door when John stops, cups Sherlock’s face in both his hands and says, “Hey. You’re so beautiful, I’m always in awe,” and Sherlock wants to cry and scream, something akin to elation bubbling over inside of him. He looks away, feeling exposed, but John catches him by the chin again: “I mean it. You’re bloody gorgeous.”
Then came the cleaning, which Sherlock knew John would appreciate considering the numerous sighs he’s been letting out the past few days at the sight of the flat. In complete honesty, it was the part Sherlock had liked less in this whole process, but after a couple hours the flat looked much better, and Sherlock was sure that John’s mood would improve the second he set foot inside.
Oh, I have to go. Can you believe Rosie always starts to cry when we’re texting! I don't even want to imagine what it’ll be like when we're home!
Fuck, Sherlock, I’m blushing like a bloody teenager just imagining you saying penetrative sex. What are you doing to me?
“I know exactly what you mean. ‘One half of me is yours, the other half yours - mine own, I would say. But if mine, then yours, and so all yours.’”
His phone wakes him up. It’s close to seven thirty. He had been dreaming and he’s sweaty and breathless. Serbia or John? They blur together these days, both equal in intensity and the abject misery produced from thinking about either with too much scrutiny. In his waking hours, he tries (and inevitably fails, if he’s being honest) not to inspect either topic too closely. His subconscious, however, is a different story, the ghosts of his Mind Palace coming out to refresh his memory again, and again, and again, reopening every scar he thought he had patched over, albeit shoddily.
His phone chimes again, and he hurries down the street. He knows he should have cancelled when Sherlock called - cases always come first, as he used to think, once upon a lifetime. And now, he needs to get to Bart’s as quickly as possible. Mike had made sure to read over his draft that weekend, and now he was the one making him wait. Still, as he made his way into Bart’s and up the stairs, John can’t help but wonder if he’ll one day be able to walk in here without feeling empty.
John nods, licking his lips and tasting him one last time. “I’ll bring Rosie up and change her.  Drop by to say goodbye before going, alright?”
I’m going to level with you. If you’re out there, if my miracle came true, now would be a fucking good time.
It is always the same these past few weeks. People worrying over every little symptom, some leaving relieved when proven wrong, others going home with bad news to share. Sherlock knows perfectly well just how all of this is affecting John everytime he has a shift, and so he doesn’t ask for more, simply watches as John notices the changes inside the flat.
Sorry! No, it wasn’t too far. It’s just. I’m not. I don’t know. I don’t know about this stuff. Not like you. SH
Unable to stop a bright chuckle from getting out, John slowly shifts closer, rubbing their noses together. “Better?”
John hesitates for a moment, wondering if he should tell him about the book. Maybe Sherlock would want to read it, ask him to come over even.
A playful smile blooms on Sherlock’s lips and it seems that he’s about to say something but the moment passes, and soon he’s closing off again. John doesn’t say anything, too afraid he’ll make things worse. They find the restaurant Sherlock was talking about quickly, finding it closer than expected. They are seated in front of a majestic view, John barely able to concentrate on his menu for a long moment. But Sherlock’s stomach soon reminds him with another rumble the reason they’re here. They order shortly after, John leaning back into his chair, looking around.
“Listen to me carefully, Sherlock,” John says, dark and low, “And listen well. I’m not discussing this. Not with you. And especially not now.”
“About your tattoo, yes. About your family. About your childhood. Your army days. All of it. Any of it, really.”
“Are we really supposed to believe a squirrel is to blame? Just because he wanted to hide some nuts?”
Sherlock gathers his legs against his chest, resting his chin on his knees. He looks so vulnerable, so far from his natural element, that John is afraid he could simply vanish, disappear into the rising sun and cease to be Sherlock Holmes.
“Yeah, of course. Of course I did. All the bloody time, in fact. Used to drive me half ‘round the bend for years.”
Standing at the entry of the doorway, Sherlock waits and fidgets while John wraps his blue scarf around his neck for him, rolling his eyes. He normally likes it when John does up his scarf for him but today, he’s in a hurry and feeling restless. He just wants to get going already. It’s like waiting for the rest of his life to fully begin.
“Sorry to disappoint you, mate, but if you pick such a small design, it’s not going to take very long. Maybe next time I can design something more ornate for you and we can have you in this chair for longer.”
John reaches for his curls, stroking slowly. God, how he loves him. “I just… I need…” He starts, searching for words. He knows he can ask anything, that Sherlock would be there and understand, but still, it all suddenly feels so heavy.
“I saw you coming down the street,” Sherlock pants against his lips when he pulls away, resting their foreheads together.
John can’t finish his sentence, his face suddenly covered in flour while Sherlock stares at him, a wide smile on his lips.
Sherlock is breathing heavily in his ear, still rocking against him and both of his hands now on John’s arse. This is only the third time they’ve tried shower sex, and if it’s not the most practical place to taste and touch all of each other, John finds that he really, really likes it. He loves the feeling of Sherlock shaking in his arms, so very warm and wanting. He loves the way their bodies slide together, so easily, making it harder to take it slow.
Two weeks later, they’re sat on the red carpet of the living room of 221B surrounded by boxes and bags and the setting sun’s light coming in weakly through the windows and Sherlock hasn’t felt this tired in a very long time. He might even manage a full eight hours tonight, he thinks. There isn’t a part of him that doesn’t ache right now, including his mind, if that’s possible. Even though they had the help of professional movers and Molly, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson (Mycroft had dropped by for an hour or so, but had mostly supervised and been a generally controlling prat so Sherlock had told him to piss off eventually), they’ve done the brunt of the heavy lifting themselves in their eagerness to get it over with and not waste a second more not living with one another. They’ve spent the previous couple of days planning for the move, but couldn’t really do much while John was at work.
John knows what he would have done years ago in such a situation, leading Sherlock to the sofa and rubbing his scalp slowly until he fell asleep. But now… now just the mere thought of putting his hands on Sherlock makes his whole body ache.
In two long strides, he goes to stand next to him, immediately seeking warmth by pressing himself against his side. He doesn’t say anything about the cigarette, nor the sudden trip to the rooftop in the middle of the night. In fact, John doesn’t say anything at all. He simply remains there, close enough to be able to follow Sherlock’s breathing. Silence stretches around them, like a comfortable blanket on both their shoulders.
“A sordid combination of all three,” Sherlock murmurs, voice creaky with disuse and strain. “They - you were… you...”
Sherlock pulls back to look at him, looking so very soft and vulnerable that John has to kiss him again.
Breathing out slowly, John properly wakes up. He gets to his feet, putting on some pants and allowing himself another second or so before opening the door. Sherlock looks up from the sofa immediately, eyes going from John’s feet to his face before looking back at his book. Not letting that get to him, John moves towards him and leans in for a small kiss on his temple.
They enter the supermarket through the little back door, the only one that can close when opened. The automatic glass doors in the front haven’t been unlocked in months, a hastily printed sign reading
Sherlock stares at him for a long second, something strange in his eyes, and John finds himself turning his back to him. Suddenly very much aware of his own state of undress, his old pair of boxers feeling much shorter than usual, he’s glad to have a way to hide his embarrassment.
When you showed up on my doorstep, drunk and sentimental again, I knew I couldn’t continue the way we have been anymore. I hate having half of you and half of me meeting up in the middle to make half a relationship. I hate that you can only really want me when you’re drunk or in need of a danger fix. That, or jealous.
So, by the time the second week begins, Sherlock decides to try a different approach. He waits until he hears John wake up in the other room and goes sit in his chair. As expected, John stops on his way to the sink, eyeing him.
I don’t want you to keep trying to delete me... us. It might be selfish, but I don’t care. I want to be able to explain why I left, I really do. Maybe another letter, if you allow me to.
“That’s all I wanted to say, really. That’s almost all of it, I reckon. I have to go now,” he chokes out on a whisper, voice too unsteady to trust.
“Used to work here, doesn’t know what to do with his life now. He comes every day for lunch; the restaurant never makes him pay. He’s thinking of asking for his old job back but he’s too ashamed to ask.”
Having sat down and ordered their drinks, though, it’s suddenly exactly as Sherlock feared - awkward. The uncharted territory doesn’t make for an easy course and, even though a part of him knew that this might happen, he still doesn’t know what to do about it. He hardly ever feels awkward around anybody else in his life, mostly because he doesn’t give a toss what they think of his actions or words. With John, though, it’s different. Everything with John is different.
It had only been the beginning. What followed was kisses in the pool (and also in the jacuzzi) after brunch, John making sure to keep a safe distance so as to not overwhelm Sherlock. Then, some more kissing while taking another walk, longer this time, spent talking and holding hands. They had stopped in the coffee shop, sharing smiles over their coffee mugs, feet in the sand. Sherlock had waited until they were outside before pulling him close and kissing him breathless for a long moment. John never thought once about complaining.
Once he’s done, he takes John’s jacket off its hook and tosses it at him, practically squirming where he stands with impatience. That he could be so wise and yet so childlike some moments never ceases to endear John to him.
Sherlock shakes his head, taking a plate and sitting back a bit closer to him this time. John gets his own food, finding a documentary channel and settling back. He closes his eyes for a moment, breathing in the domesticity of this moment. For just a second, he imagines this very same scene but back in 221B. Home.
As Elaine gets to work, Sherlock is grateful for her lack of questions about the little holde adorning the center of his chest and notes that the pain isn’t unbearable, but it is extremely uncomfortable. It feels like a blade slicing through the skin, which is a sensation he’s all-too-familiar with thanks to his time in Serbia. It’s not as painful as, say, a severe chemical burn or a hooked chain to the spine or a gunshot wound to the abdomen. He can endure this.
He stands in the doorway to his old room, watching John with Rosie, illuminated only by her little twinkly lights. She’s almost asleep, so John’s singing is getting softer and softer:
s, John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes through his blonde lashes and Sherlock almost finishes right then and there. Instead, he cradles John’s biceps with his hands and lifts him up and off, pulling him on top of him for a kiss, the taste of John mixed with himself making him lightheaded with desire and affection.
“Do you, now?” John asks, smiling even more while turning in Sherlock’s arms. He pushes back the hair on Sherlock’s forehead, leaning in for a lazy kiss. “What am I thinking about?”
Suddenly, John pulls slightly back, far enough that he can look into Sherlock’s eyes but staying close enough that they’re still locked in their embrace.
“Alright, come here,” John says, stopping next to the doorstep of a sweet shop. “I can’t not be kissing you anymore.”
“I have a friend who quite recently got ‘inked’, as you call it, and I’d like to find out if the design means anything to you.”
“Well, because I met some mad bugger in a lab one day and he completely changed my life and I had more and more fantasies about shagging him senseless through this very mattress, that’s why,” John smiles, and he cups Sherlock’s face in his hand, his eyes full of fondness. “What about you? When did you have your big sexuality crisis?”
John laughs softly, “I’m not sure I’m making any, but I’m serious when I say that I’m not going if it means I’m putting us at risk.”
“South Africa. The coast. I need to be somewhere warm. Preferably with an ocean view, but that’s negotiable, I suppose,” Sherlock says, making the final decision right in that moment.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows in something like surprise, but it’s gone a second later, replaced by his usual cool.
Sherlock looks back at him. “I love you, John, and I’m going to hate every second that you’re gone.”
John wakes up with a startle, heart pounding and breath short. He waits for the usual pain in his leg or shoulder following a nightmare, but nothing comes. In fact, he can’t remember exactly what he was dreaming about. He looks around the room, taking in the familiar furniture and scent, his eyes dropping to the empty space next to him. Oh. That’s it, then.
She waits, patient as ever, looking right into his eyes. He looks at the rug instead, steadily avoiding being exposed.
“I don’t - I’m not good. At this sort of thing. You know that. We - We’re not those people. I’m sorry if it’s all a bit too much for you. This is why I never said anything. I didn’t want you to feel pressured or awkward around me. Never that. I always wanted - I always knew that, no matter what happened, you’d be my friend and I was never willing to give that up. Not for anything” John is barely choking out the words, as though the weight of them is too much for him. Sherlock wishes he could reach across and carry some of them for him; lighten the load a little bit.
It gives all of this - all of the things we write to each other - so much more meaning. Who knows if we would have ever talked about any of them otherwise.
“I have a feeling they’re going to be excellent,” John says, one finger gathering what’s left in the bowl.
A couple of points run through Sherlock’s mind. Points he should be making. Instead, what he says is, “I’m tired, John.”
Right. This is ridiculous, but what isn’t ridiculous about you and me? I just called to say… I’ve met someone. She’s very pretty and very clever and I think you might’ve actually liked her, which is the ironic part. You might’ve just approved of this one. So, there’s that. Not saying I’ve moved on or something. Well, you can’t move on from… whatever it is we were. Just wanted to let you know. And get your blessing, I suppose, in a way.
. It’s almost as though we took the best parts of ourselves and fused them together into something even better. I know I must sound like the romantic fool you always accuse me of being, but I truly believe that we’re so... brilliant together.”
John is silent, thoughtful, for a moment before he speaks. “You know,” he says, fingers now in Sherlock’s hair, rubbing little spirals into his scalp in the most mesmerising way possible. “I understand your apprehension and that you’d think a simple man like me would only care for simple pleasures such as sex, but did it ever occur to you that your lack of experience could be something of a turn on?”
Sherlock looks up, studying him for a long moment. John doesn’t hide a thing, letting show just how eager he is to properly kiss him, eyes falling to Sherlock’s lips.
no point. Until now,” Sherlock is speaking more to his pasta than to John at this point, but John gives his leg an encouraging squeeze nonetheless.
Sherlock nods, not moving yet but seeking another kiss instead. John obliges him happily, sliding both hands up his back and into his hair, letting their tongues meet and part for a long moment before pulling apart for air. He can see the arousal so clearly in Sherlock’s eyes then that it makes his entire body shudder.
“Anyway,” he continues, not wanting to delve too deep into it right then, “It does help, having someone to wake up next to.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean, exactly?” John asks, folding his arms, looking entirely unamused by this point.
“How…” He pushes on, suddenly very much aware this could be the last time he’s talking to Sherlock. “How are you?”
“Hey,” John whispers softly, concerned. He looks into Sherlock’s eyes, kisses the tears from the corners. “Everything okay in there?” he asks, planting a kiss on his temple.
“Oh love,” John sighs, wanting to kiss all the worries out of him. “Of course I don’t. Just thinking about falling asleep without you is making it hard to breathe properly.”
Sherlock looks down at his feet at the words, putting both hands in his pockets and walking away quickly. John hurries to catch up, heart pounding. He glances at Sherlock, face hidden from him, just as his hands are. John suppresses a sigh. He can’t really explain, but holding Sherlock’s hand has been one of his first fantasies. Whether it was in the street or at home, just lacing their fingers together has been haunting his days and nights for years. And now, with his dirty ones and Sherlock’s safely tucked in his shorts, John feels just a bit disappointed.
“I’m right here,” he whispers fiercely, stroking Sherlock’s back, up onto his neck and into his curls. “I’ll always be right here. Nobody has a say in that.”
He realises it has been a little while and he hasn’t said anything in response, but he somehow forgot how to speak.
Another day of long presentations and ridiculous speed-dating-esque networking games. God, I hate these things. Remind me never to come to one of them again. That, and I miss you both too much. Love you.
“It’s alright,” John smiles. “We better get used to this; lots of people are going to react the same way.”
“This happiness, love,” he breathes directly against Sherlock’s lips. “You deserve it. More than you know.”
“You’ll get bored, love. As much as I want you to come with us, I don’t want to do that to you,” John says, hating the words as they come out of his mouth. “We both know it. What we are, what we’re becoming, Sherlock, it is so very fragile. And if I fear I could ruin everything by going, I know for sure we’ll ruin it if you come.”
Sherlock studies him for a long moment. John can see the moment he gives up, his body melting against his until John can no longer see his face.
John is starting to think they might just keep kissing on this beach forever when a drunken voice calls behind them,
Sherlock blushes. John is barely able to resist the urge to kiss him right there, right now. They haven’t talked much about what they told each other the night before. John would have liked to ask about Sherlock’s half confession, not having stopped wondering what it meant exactly. But he doesn’t want to ruin what’s building between them. Sherlock looks comfortable here, at ease, and John wants nothing more than for this date to be absolutely perfect.
John tightens his embrace, snaking his leg over Sherlock’s so that there’s no part of them that isn’t wrapped up in the other.
“That I added in at the last minute,” John laughs softly, humorlessly. “I sat in that chair in the tattoo parlour and worked together with the artist to come up with an appropriate design that would encompass…” he chokes on his words then, tears coming to his eyes. “That would adequately encompass the way I felt about you.”
Right now, the man in question is lifting up John’s t-shirt and placing his cold hands on his stomach. John sucks in a sharp breath at the sudden contact, surprisingly enjoying the contrast of Sherlock’s freezing digits.
“I hope…” John starts. “Before... you said that our relationship has never been entirely reciprocal and I just hope that that’s changed. I hope I’ve been able to express just how much...”
Thank you for last night. It was. Good. And the thing you said. The thing about you… me… that was… also good. Very good… I… you too. Very much.
He’s still dressed, his shirt hanging out of his trousers and traces of his pillow on his cheek. Lying in bed fully awake then, just like him. John forgets entirely about his hurt toes and asks,
He climbs the stairs in a daze, thinking about how this is somehow only fractionally better than the 8% would-be disasters and he didn’t see it coming at all. He sits in his chair and fidgets with his phone, hitting each end against the armrest in between spinning it around. He contemplates sending a text, but wouldn’t even know where to begin.
I want to write poetry, like the terrible ones you used to email to your numerous girlfriends. I want to receive poetry and laugh about it and tear it up and regret it and tape the pieces back together again.
No matter what happened or how Sherlock had acted the day before, he is going to make sure today is different. And for starters, no staying at the Airbnb all day. They need to go out, to do what people usually do on holiday, distract themselves to better find each other when coming home. Sherlock hadn’t said much about the places he wanted to visit but in South Africa, a sarafi has to be on the list.
Sherlock looks over at John, who happens to be looking at him, too. It used to be like this, before. They’d think the same thing at the same time and meet each other’s eyes, grins barely covered.
It’s time to let go of the illusion that I’m an ingredient essential to your happiness or well-being. It may have been slightly true in times past, but we’ve -
Perhaps I managed okay without drugs when we lived together because I had help. Somebody to bounce off of. A conductor of light, so to speak. Now that I don’t have that, drugs help, in the right dose and the right combination. If I can improve my mind or transport in even the slightest way possible, why shouldn’t I take that opportunity? I’m not an addict, as you well know. I am an excellent chemist, after all. I know what I’m doing. Can’t you at least trust me on this one point?
“Really, John, I expected more from you. Making me promise such things when I’m clearly not thinking straight.”
Mycroft did tell Sherlock, around the same time Mrs Hudson left, that some squatters had taken refuge in it, but he never bothered to relay the message to John.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but doesn’t take his eyes off of him. In the end, it is the silent staring, not quite an encouragement but almost, that allows the knot in John’s throat to loosen just enough.
“No, I want to. I think it’s important. I was so angry with you. When you came back, I thought I’d forgiven you, but on my wedding night, right after you deduced that Mary was pregnant, I realised that I’d made a terrible mistake and I lay in bed that night wondering what it had all been for. It was my stupid, pathetic anger, driving me into her arms and further away from you.”
John snaps back to attention and they continue down the aisle, helplessly picking out a bunch of things they’re now certain they’ll never even begin to consume.
Sherlock nods, going for the door, and John follows, bracing himself for whatever might happen next. They don’t exchange a word until they reach the beach, walking in silence for another ten minutes or so before Sherlock finally asks, “So?”
Of course you’re not, but you’re special. Precious. This is precious to me. Don’t want to screw it up with my usual untoward behaviour ;)
John climbs into the covers and pulls Sherlock closer, until their bodies are almost flush against one another. He wipes Sherlock’s fringe off of his face and cradles his jaw, kissing him tenderly, sweetly. Pretty soon, it turns more heated, and Sherlock climbs half on top of him, both of them groaning in something like relief. This has been a long time coming - forever and ever all converging into this one tiny moment that may seem insignificant to anybody outside, but to Sherlock means more than any words he could ever articulate.
Sherlock nods and John hurries to type a quick email. He puts his phone on the table between them, not exactly sure if he should wish for a rapid reply or not. Sherlock is still more playing with his food than eating it, but John takes a few more sips of his soup before asking, “So, how’s everyone?”
Sherlock has moved to his side of the bed, still asleep it seems. John still moves silently around the room, making space in Sherlock’s closet for his own shirts, trousers and underwear. He leaves the socks aside, knowing Sherlock will kill him if he messes everything up. He’s in the middle of hanging his shirts when Sherlock suddenly stirs awake behind him.
done is let you down and blame you and - and beat you!” John raises his voice, punctuating his point by punching his left fist on the already-worn armrest of his chair.
“No! That’s the last thing I want! For you to have to come back because of me. Because I’m this way!” Sherlock hates himself, hates that he has no control over this part of him. The part where sentiment looks an awful lot like peril.
They kiss for another minute or maybe hours, John can’t know for sure, but when Rosie’s bambling makes its way from upstairs and Sherlock pulls away, John sighs in protest.
PS: I have a mentor now - Julian. He’s quite clever and a very good listener, and I can say without a doubt that he’s helping me in a way I didn’t expect. I wouldn’t have been able to write this letter without him, that much is certain.
And it is. It’s John. The same John that has helped him on innumerable cases. The one he has fought with and laughed with and done mundane, silly things like eaten and done grocery shopping with. It’s the very same John.
John waits for another few seconds in case Sherlock has more to say before putting his phone back inside his pocket. He fidgets with the rim of his jacket, wondering if he should call Angelo’s and reserve a table, but he’s certain the man is always keeping Sherlock’s table ready, just in case. John finds himself thinking back to that first dinner, of the candle on the table and Sherlock’s profile as he kept a careful eye on what was happening outside. It could have been so easy, reaching out for him and kissing him, right there. So easy, and yet the distance between them had felt infinite. Had continued to feel that way for all the years after that.
Without a word, John gets into bed too, lying down directly. Sherlock imitates him, sliding down until his head is resting on the pillow. John turns to face him, but Sherlock continues to stare at the ceiling. With everything they already shared the day before, it shouldn’t still be this strange to be in the same bed. And yet, John can’t help but wonder if it isn’t always going to be. After years of fantasising about it, of imagining different scenarios where they found themselves in the same bed, of course the reality of it all is going to feel weird. Surely Sherlock must feel it too. Surely he also imagined— Oh. Yes. Of course.
You say that in the scheme of my life, you’re nothing. I, once again, have to say I disagree. One day, Sherlock, I’ll explain just how you’re the one person who’s designing this scheme.
But I should make it clear now: caring for you was never, and will never be, a way to give my life a purpose.
Sherlock moans softly, snuggling closer to him even in his sleep, and John closes his eyes. He's not sure how long he remains there, awake and trying to engrave this very moment into his memory, but when he falls asleep too, it's to Sherlock's familiar scent surrounding him.
He slides both arms around Sherlock’s waist, his lips finding Sherlock’s temple, “Morning, love.” Sherlock’s eyes are roaming over his face, hurried and still just a bit worried, and John gives him the time to realise he’s actually there. “Sleep well?”
Once home, he takes out his luggage bag and places it on the bed. He folds his trousers and shirts and pants and socks, neatly, methodically, and places them inside. He packs his toiletries in a designer toiletry bag and zips it up with precision. He’s a surgeon at work, excising the tumour called love with exact motions.
They get inside, somehow. Sherlock backs him up against the nearest wall immediately, mouth attacking his hungrily. John kisses back, tasting rosé and chocolate on Sherlock’s tongue. He moans at the feeling of Sherlock’s hand roaming up and down his sides, and then much lower.
“I can never be what she doesn’t have, though. I can never be that for her,” Sherlock said quietly, the familiar guilt twisting in his guts.
“Not at all,” John smiles, leaving a trail of kisses down his neck and chest. “In fact, I’m loving it more and more.”
He lets Sherlock pull him on top of him, kissing mad, wet patterns all over his clavicle, his chest, his shoulders. Sherlock’s cock lies untouched against his stomach and John grabs it by the base, pumping it a few times before Sherlock stops him. He wants the real thing tonight. He needs to come with John inside of him. When he says so, John pauses for a second in breathless amazement and whispers, “Okay. Yeah. I know what you mean,” and slides his hand lower, circling Sherlock’s entrance and teasing him until he relaxes a little bit. With the other hand, he reaches into the bedside drawer, grinning with relief when he finds what he’s looking for there, and dribbles some of the cold liquid on his fingers. With that hand, he takes over, teasing Sherlock more, opening him up slowly, lovingly, piece by piece, until Sherlock is writhing against the bed, every thought lost and every emotion concentrated into the present, the way it should be, the way he never knew it
Better get used to the idea that this is now his life, with no home, with no best friend, with no chance.
,” he adds with an exaggerated eye-roll. “The most I’ve ever done is… kissing and… well, mainly just that.”
“Come for me, love,” he says, and, apparently, that’s all it takes to completely undo Sherlock Holmes. He spurts over their stomachs, spurring on John’s own orgasm, which follows, just as messy, just as satisfying.
Sherlock seems taken aback by this, frowning at him, and John focuses back on the endless beach in front of them. Sherlock can’t read his body posture or the wrinkle around his eyes - not yet.
I felt it very early on, and figured it out not too long after. I made you believe that I didn’t feel things that way and, God, how I wish that were true. How I wish I didn’t long for you like the man in the desert for an oasis. How I wish I could wake up in the morning and have another thought that isn’t you, you,
She welcomes the news with more bright bambling but John’s mind is already elsewhere. Now that he knows for a fact, without a single doubt, really, that he is going to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock, maybe they need to have a talk about Rosie’s upbringing. Sherlock is going to be her parent too. Even if they haven’t properly talked about it, he knows Sherlock is mad about Rosie, the experiment he’s writing up right now being proof enough.
“There is something you’ll want to see first,” Sherlock says, this time his voice breaking just a little. “Promise me you won’t angry.”
I’ve just gone out to get us something to eat. It looks like you haven’t been doing much shopping since I’ve left, and I want to cook us something nice for lunch (yes, it’ll be time for lunch once I’m back and you wake up).
. People get married and generally move on with their lives - it’s what they do. He’s just a stepping stone of the path to all of that. Part of the journey, not the desired end product.
“No. It isn’t. Molly can send you pictures, and you can help from here. From home, where we’re meant to be staying.” John is firm, crossing his arms to punctuate his words.
And he has learnt to accept that; of course he has. No choice, really. He has his work, still, even after everything. Most days, he doesn’t mind. Most days, it’s just the norm. Some days, however, it thrums through his veins like the steady beat of a drum - the fact of it. The fact of
There is so much shared history between the two of them that it burns a hole in his heart whenever he thinks about it. Every moment where they ought to have but didn’t, every smile they shared and flirtatious exchange they suppressed. A death, a wedding, a baby. The distance seems to stretch on as Sherlock tries to reconcile who they were with who they now are. He wonders if it’s too late for them to become what they should have been all along. He wonders if
I’m writing this letter after coming home, having just posted the previous and finding myself regretting it. I’m not sure I should have sent it to you, not when I barely took the time to read it a second time before putting it in the envelope. I was angry, and I’m sorry if I said anything that’ll hurt you. It wasn’t my intention. But at the same time, I do hope it will make you react. Because I meant it. We can’t let one day ruin everything. We said we were going to fight for each other, and that’s what I’m doing right now.
I see. I’m sorry about that. It’s not always easy to know the right step to take. I should’ve just asked, I suppose, but I assumed you’d want to go slow.
Sherlock doesn’t go further than that. John realises he doesn’t need to. A simple sentence saying it all.
“I can assure you,” Sherlock says distractedly as he stands to look in the full-length mirror on the wall, “there won’t be a next time.”
At that point, John stands up from the table with his plate and almost throws it into the sink. The resulting clash makes Sherlock jump. John stands with his back to Sherlock, facing the sink. He leans on the counter slowly, breathing out steadily. Sherlock knows this particular John. Not well, but well enough to know that he shouldn’t push him any further. Not right now, at least.
“Uh, just the bill,” John says with an apologetic smile and then, to Sherlock, “I thought you’d at least want to order dessert.”
He looks down at the small, neat, half-permanent outline and can’t help but feel a swelling sense of pride at the fact that he’s somehow marking John onto himself. They do it almost all the time, unconsciously, with kisses and touches and words and bedroom exchanges, and he supposes that this is simply another way to do it. For everyone, including himself, to see it; visible and irrefutable.
“But that’s behind us now, yeah? If you’d like?” John quickly, surreptitiously wipes the side of his eye with his middle finger.
But I can’t begin with that. I really, really can’t because there’s a lot you’ve asked to know, and therefore a lot I need to answer. So, I’m going to try and reply to each of your questions, and if my sentences or train of thoughts are off, please forgive me.
“Mine too,” Sherlock replies, taking John’s hand back in his as they enter the little Italian restaurant. He remembers that night very well. Before he left. John was in a good mood, despite not having eaten since the day before. When they finally solved the case close to eleven o’clock that evening, John insisted they stop into this restaurant, and Sherlock hadn’t refused. The little fairy lights adorning the venue twinkled just so in John’s eyes, and that’s what he remembers most, not the dessert, not anything else, really.
John is sitting in his chair, watching telly when he finds himself with an armful of consulting detective. Sherlock
I haven’t told you how many times I came close to telling you I love you. It feels as if the words were always stuck in my throat, ready to come out at the first occasion. And they almost did, so many times. Some days I told myself I could do this forever, if it meant keeping you by my side. I could, after all, live a lie, even this huge, breathtaking one. You were there and so was I, orbiting around you.
They stay indoors as much as possible, leaving only for provisions. They wear on each other, nerves stretched thin with everything said and unsaid. They are each other’s only company, Mrs Hudson having left sixteen weeks ago to accompany her sister and brother-in-law to America, where the dust hadn’t reached (
There’s also something more - and just writing this down is making my entire body ache - but I need to get it out.
Sherlock bursts into bright giggles despite the tears in his eyes, taking John by surprise. He presses his lips together, refusing to let another word out.
“I just hate the idea that… that this isn’t your room anymore. That you’re going to go home - probably tonight, in fact - and I’m going to be here, empty. It - it feels as though I’m losing something I only just figured out. I know it’s stupid, but it feels so big.”
“Do you think he’ll agree to Papa? Or Dad? Could just be Sherlock, too.” Rosie points to the door at the name, looking at him. “Yes, let’s go downstairs. I’m sure he’s already making your breakfast.”
After much fruitless searching and self-negotiation, Sherlock knows what he has to do, but he doesn’t like it. Sometimes, there’s only one person who can help and, most of the time, it’s the person he leasts want to go to for help in the world. It’s kind of like selling his soul to the devil every time he asks for a favour, knowing there will be an unsavoury exchange made in future.
“Manage to surprise me every single time. I don’t think I’ve ever experienced a sex life this exciting before.”
“Yes,” he barks out again. This time, he reaches for John’s hand as Elaine shows him the sterilised needle. John smiles and takes the petitioning hand, allowing Sherlock to squeeze tight even though the pain hasn’t begun yet.
Sherlock nods, apparently too lost for words already. John doesn’t waste any time lubing himself, and pushes in as slowly as he can, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s wide open ones. They don’t break eye contact for the first few thrusts, but the moment John finds his prostate, Sherlock’s entire body arches on the bed, pushing John even further inside him. After that, all control is a lost cause. John can only push in and out, focusing on every sound coming out of Sherlock’s mouth, desperately trying to hold back his orgasm.
Sherlock passes by him without replying, but John catches him by the arm. He lets go quickly, Sherlock’s eyes focused on him now.
Sherlock nods. He is shivering under John’s touch, and so John moves closer, using his body heat to try and warm him up. He closes his eyes, letting his hands learn the shapes of each scar on Sherlock’s skin, wondering if one day he’ll know them all by heart. He kisses Sherlock’s shoulder softly, the both of them letting out a shaky breath. Taking him by surprise, Sherlock rolls over in John’s arms, kissing him soundly. John can’t do anything but kiss him back, their bodies now attached to each other. The feeling is both exhilarating and scary, but John holds on as tightly as he can.
John wants to smile, wants to reach for Sherlock’s hand again and place it on his heart this time, maybe,
Violet Holmes greats him with warm hugs as soon as they’re out of the car, Sherlock’s father not far behind.
The day I called Bill, it broke me, asking for his help. I listened to myself, asking if I could come because I was slowly destroying my best friend and I needed to put some distance between us before it was too late, and I realised just how pathetic I sounded. I was the shadow of a man when you pulled me back to life, Sherlock, and by the time I made that call, I had fallen even lower.
John waits two whole days before truly panicking. In complete honesty, it started right after he left Sherlock’s flat, his head filled with Sherlock’s scent and his fingers tickling with the memory of Sherlock’s hair. He doesn’t recognize the first sign of panic right away, and it’s only when he wakes up hard and panting in the middle of the night that he realise what he did exactly.
Sherlock brings John down for another kiss, hungrier than the last. When they’re almost breathless, Sherlock pulls away again, anticipating John’s response.
Elaine seats him in her chair and shows him the stencil. That something so small and fine could mean so much is a marvel. He nods once and she asks him to remove his shirt and get comfortable.
They are seated at a table very near the back corner of the restaurant. There’s a booth and a seat opposite, and when Sherlock sits in the booth, John slides in next to him, all of which Sherlock is grateful for. He just wants to be alone with John, soaked up in him. Before the waiter has a chance to leave them alone, Sherlock stops him and asks that he bring a candle for the table. John giggles under his breath and reaches for his hand immediately, as though he can’t stand to not be touching him for a second longer. Sherlock feels much the same.
John licks his lower lips, wondering where to start. There are so many fantasies he could tell Sherlock about, so many situations he played out inside his head over the past few years. So many of them he tried to forget, to erase from his mind once and for all.
“I know,” John replies. “I’m responsible for our downfall. I’m perfectly aware of that part. I made bad choices all along the way, forcing you to follow me and fix it all for me after. I’m the reason you got hurt, much too many times. Of course you are my trigger.”
“Every night, I leave the space for you and every morning, before I’ve fully opened my eyes, a part of me, this small part that refuses to learn from negative reinforcement, expects to find you there when I wake up. And when I don’t, it feels as though my stomach has dropped and my throat is closing up and there isn’t enough air in all the world. It’s pathetic, really, because I’m having very similar reactions of grief as though you’re gone forever, when, really, you’re only on the other side of the same country and only for a couple of months. And therein lies the issue: there’s this side of me - the all-or-nothing side; the side i’ve been attempting to hide from you from the beginning, or at least to subdue - that is utterly consumed by you and by the absence of you. There have even been two separate occasions in which I’ve been physically sick because of this. And I’m not saying it to get you to rush home or to feel sorry for me; I just want to be honest with you. I know you’re there for a reason - your dad or whatever it is that I haven’t fully deduced because you keep it under lock and key. For whatever reason, though, once I say yes to something, I can’t turn it off. It’s not like a switch, not really, but it’s kind of like a faulty mechanism where everything gets turned up to high and it becomes overwhelming eventually. And that’s how I feel about you, especially now that you’re not here. I feel it so much - too much - and I don’t know how not to. I never wanted to be this clingy, needy stereotype, but I find myself unable to prevent it. It’s just… deep down, right at the heart of it, I’m so terrified of losing you that I can think of not much else. I imagine scenario upon scenario where you don’t come home or you fall in love with someone else over there - Julian, mostly - or simply fall out of love with me and it makes even breathing undoable. Believe me, I know this is not an attractive admission, and I’d understand if you saw me quite differently after this, but I just needed to get it out, because we promised to be honest and I didn’t want to go back on that promise just because you aren’t here. I still want this to work, hard as it may be. Which is why… which is why I’ve been thinking… that maybe we should have a break. From us. Just for a little while; maybe for the duration of your training. I don’t know, maybe it will make it easier for me to be able to breathe…” Something in Sherlock snaps, just then, at the confession of not being okay and the reminder of that horrible feeling, and his voice cracks, eyes welling up lightly. “I just want to be able to breathe again, John, to remember how…”
I thought about all the things you said about Mary, but I’m keeping my answer for a future letter. There is too much to explain, and it shouldn’t be done in a hurry.
Sherlock tugs on John’s hair, urging him to do what, neither could say, but both understand. He turns his body, exerts the extent of his height to make John subject to his attention, needing above all else to claim and write his name as if to ensure that it can not be taken from him. He kisses as though he could tattoo himself on the inside of John’s skin. He kisses as though his oxygen depends on it.
The air in the flat seems to have stopped circulating. Either that, or Sherlock can’t really breathe properly anymore, and it’s all due to John’s admission.
I refuse this solution that really isn’t one at all. Yes, it hurts, and you’re right, there are still so many things I have yet to tell you. But I want to be able to, love. I want to tell you everything, and I want to whisper all of them to you, in our bed.
The blow, as silent as it is, hits John directly in the stomach, taking all the air out of him and making his knees tremble. One hand coming to steady himself on the chair nearby, he inhales deeply, swallowing around the lump in his throat.
“I worked on the case Lestrade gave us the other day. I am getting close to getting the exact location they’re looking for, but I need Molly’s help and she wasn’t working today. She promised to call tomorrow.”
The tattoo parlour is only a short cab ride away and soon, he’s pushing open the heavy glass door to a low bzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Stupid thing, tattoos. Sherlock has always found them pointless. A waste of time, really. The fact that John has one has not only surprised him due to his lack of knowledge about it, but it has also somehow shifted the idea he has had of John. Utilitarian, neat, old-school. None of these things fit with the concept of permanently marking his body. The tinge of betrayal threatens to make itself known, so Sherlock decides rather to focus on the matter at hand.
Sherlock finishes his coffee quickly. “I’ve talked about it with Mrs. Hudson. She thinks we can use 221C, but nothing’s certain yet.”
They clumsily climb the stairs to their room together, stopping for kisses along the way, bumping into the bannister and each other. It takes almost double the time to reach their bedroom but, once they do, the kissing begins again in earnest, all wetness and warmth, no room for anything like uncertainty or sorrow; not even for regret.
The gush that greets them on the other side of the door is unexpected, even after all this time. One never grows used to devastation, after all. Umbrellas, packets, dirt, all float up, up, up with the dust, little pockets of dirty tornadoes twisting and lining the streets. They squint their eyes and pinch their lips shut, breathing the bare minimum through their nostrils, which are lined with brown already.
Sherlock presses his body against the back of the couch, leaving ample room for John to lie down next to him. He pulls Sherlock close, leaving barely any space between the two of them, guiding his head down into John’s neck.
Sherlock is the one to roll him around after all, hands manoeuvring him as he wants, John following with the same trust he always has. The smile starting on Sherlock’s lips all the way to his eyes makes John’s heart beat a little faster. Words don’t come, dying in his throat before forming, but John doesn’t care. It is all written on Sherlock’s face, everything that unfolded between them and all there is left to discover. John wonders if, by some mysterious chance, he could be falling in love all over again.
He spends a moment hesitating over whether or not to take an old sleeping shirt that used to be John’s, but ultimately decides to leave it behind, in the back of his cupboard with the rest of his disguises and hoarded bric-a-brac. He shuts the door with a careful
“Thank you so much, I was certain I wouldn’t get the job,” John smiles. “I didn’t know you had a clinic in London.”
John smiles, leans down for another kiss, which Sherlock welcomes with literal open arms, encircling John in his embrace.
“You know what, why don’t you tell me where you’d want to run off to.” John kisses his head. “Come on, you must have some ideas.”
“I’d definitely like that.” Sherlock is more than happy to put their ridiculously tangled past behind them.
They get ready fast. John does his best to keep his eyes to himself, knowing he’ll jump on Sherlock if he lets them linger on his naked body for too long. It doesn’t stop him from catching Sherlock’s stare on him, and by the time they’re both dressed, John can’t help but feel ridiculously happy. Sherlock takes his hand as soon as they’re outside, pushing Rosie’s trolley with the other hand. They fall silent, neither of them saying a word all the way to the park, and even then, John watches in silences as Sherlock puts Rosie down on the grass before sitting on a bench. John waits another second before going to sit next to him.
to give it - will he take it? They seem always to be pushing towards each other, but is it possible for this last push to be the one that counts? Sherlock doesn’t know if he can figure it out by himself, but he knows he needs to maybe try. The last thing he wants is to make a mistake with something as big as this.
A long time ago, two lost souls met each other. They eased each other’s journeys and made life a little bit kinder on the other. Along the way, though, one of these people fell in love. They didn’t mean to - quite the opposite, in fact - but they fell hard, the only way they know how, and they were never able to pick themselves back up.
Of all the places John had believed never to belong again, the quiet, ever so familiar sitting room of Baker Street had been first on the list. Too much had happened between those four walls, too much had failed to happen, too. This is the place where he had once thought he’d watched the years go by, listening to a piece on a too-quiet violin, his eyes closed and heart beating with each note filling the air. It sometimes amazes him to think back on that time, how easy it could have been to simply ask if they could have this forever. He wonders what Sherlock would have said, maybe just nodding or shrugging his agreement, the two of them never breaking this unspoken arrangement never to use words when it comes to such sentiments.
“Right,” John replies tightly, turning his body slightly away, as if the mere thought of being in such close proximity to Sherlock is abhorrent to him.
John withdraws his hand suddenly with a murmured “Sorry,” and goes back to his meal. Sherlock grabs it and settles it back where it was, on his thigh.
“That’s the real reason, you know,” Sherlock says, avoiding John’s stare. “I jumped because I was in love with you and the only thing that mattered was saving you.” He inhales deeply, forcing himself to look back at John. “But if I had known the nature of your feelings, if I had even suspected that you might have felt the same, I honestly think I would have found a way to take you with me.”
They remain close and kissing for as long as possible, and when John finally rolls over to get up, he can feel Sherlock’s eyes fixed on him. Smiling, he goes to put on a dressing gown and winks at him on his way out of the room. Rosie is already awake, playing with one of her toys and she reaches for him immediately. John takes the time to change her nappy her before going back downstairs, finding Sherlock already at the kitchen table. He hands him Rosie’s bottle and she drinks happily in his arms. The intimacy of it all hits John all of a sudden. It feels like they’ve been doing this for years, not having to exchange a single word to understand each other.
I thought you - we - were past that, Sherlock. I thought you understood what it all meant. After our last case, after this whole mess, I thought...
John threads his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, smiling, “What do you see when I tell you I love you?”
John smiles, cuping Sherlock’s face with one hand and stroking his cheek softly. “Because here is where we can be us, where we can truly be
Sherlock’s breath catches against his lips as he pulls away, eyes searching his face and John’s smile grows wider. “I can’t wait, you know.”
At first he feels calm, peaceful in his decision. Then, he feels numb. Finally, he feels nothing at all.
“Alright, yes. I’m sure we can figure something out,” Sherlock goads, trying to get a rise out of John.
John closes his eyes, sighing, “I…” He stops, leaning into Sherlock’s touch and hating the knot in his chest. “The clinic from yesterday called me earlier, they have a job for me.”
John doesn’t respond, just gathers him up in both arms and cradles him, as though he’s fragile, as though he means something when, really, hasn’t he just revealed the exact opposite?
Sherlock, still on the chair, seems engrossed in the emails. Just like Mark apparently, considering how closely he’s leaning against Sherlock’s back. John takes a deep breath in, desperate to calm down the part of him already burning low in his abdomen. He’s been in situations as such before, so he’s already learnt how to control his own temper and he is not about to ruin it all even more by being jealous.
“What’s the fun in that?” Sherlock asks, a sneaking foot slowly rubbing up and down John’s leg under the table.
“All I do know,” Sherlock starts, sobering for a moment, “Is that I couldn’t do this if… I wouldn’t be able to stand it if…”
“You’re beautiful,” John murmurs against his bare skin, meaning it with all his heart. Sherlock shivers in his arms, and John smiles as he kisses his way up his back and nape, pressing them back together. “You’re absolutely beautiful, Sherlock.”
“I asked the owner while you were getting us the cinema tickets,” John explains. “He had more in a box in the back, so I took them all.”
“So, let me start by saying that I’m lying in bed - our bed - and I’ve left a space for you on your side even though I know that you’re not coming. I don’t know whether it’s some kind of warped optimism or just plain habit or a sadistic sentiment. I do it every night.”
He turns on his side, looking at Sherlock for as long as he dares to. He has no idea if feeling this desperate to kiss him awake is normal after almost a week of being
Not needing to hear more than that, John closes his own hand around Sherlock’s erection, making him cry out rather loudly. After that, it’s only a matter of a few more firm strokes before they’re both coming with each other’s names on their lips. Sherlock is still staring at him as John comes down from his orgasm, a look of absolute wonder across his face.
“I wouldn’t lie to you,” Sherlock replies, pulling away just enough to look at him almost defensively.
John shrugs, “I don’t now. I mean, it’s a very good job and I really need one, but you… God, Sherlock, I don’t want to leave you.”
“It was strange, to be completely honest,” he finally decides on saying. “All my life, I fantasised about getting into people’s bed to have sex, a stranger at a bar or a potential girlfriend. But during those first few weeks at Baker Street, all I wanted was to slide under the covers with you so that you could look at me; just that. I hated going upstairs every night because suddenly I wasn’t around you anymore. I couldn’t feel your eyes on me anymore.”
It happens when they’re busy with a suspect, who clearly had nothing to do with it and is, in fact, a complete and utter moron.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asks, one hand making its way under his shirt. “You are way too overdressed.”
“Don’t fall,” he smiles against his lips, marveling at the realisation that sex with Sherlock involves so much joy.
,” he whispers urgently and John nods once, understanding what he needs. “Ink yourself on me forever.”
The waiter comes to take their orders. John waits until he’s gone before leaning closer over the table.
“I’ve always wanted to do that,” he says and his smile could make the sun rise again, of this Sherlock is sure.
“I know,” he breathes once more, the softness of Sherlock’s lower lips against his finger his only focus. Has it always been this soft? If he had kissed him that very first night, would it have felt exactly like this, so uncertain, so fragile, so natural?
to have tried. I just never saw the point or found the time, really. The work has always taken precedence, almost to a fault - you of all people should understand that. So I never… It just never seemed to matter. It’s not as though there was a queue ‘round the block of people who were gasping for it. I also shut that part of my brain off a very long time ago. There’s no point in wasting valuable resources on such entanglements. Was. There
I’m aware that you did all that for me. May I just remind you that I never - not once - asked you to. I understand that looking after me in the manner that you did must have been a tremendous burden on you and I know that you did it because you felt you had to - some misplaced sense of duty after the army left you without purpose, I suppose, but I’m not a child. More specifically, I’m not your child. I don’t need to be minded. I’ve never asked you to take on the role of my mother or of Mycroft (since he, for some inane reason, seems to think I’m his responsibility), and I’m not asking you to do that now. I’ve managed quite alright without you in the past. I can manage quite alright without you now, too.
John runs his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and Sherlock’s eyes drift half-closed, half-focused on the old episode of
I’m terrified of everything, it seems. But most of all, I’m terrified of losing you, in any way possible. I thought I was stronger than this, but it’s starting to look like I’m weaker than either one of us imagined. And, at 3 o’clock in the morning when everybody else in this godforsaken city seems to be in a restful sleep except me, the mind takes over. I thought London was meant to be bustling and vibrant at all hours - isn’t that what the tour books say? Why, then, do I find myself with my thoughts alone?
Sherlock goes willingly when John pushes him down the bed. He pulls the cover away, not needing them anyway.
I realise now, thanks to Julian and the evenings we’ve spent trying to understand what’s happening inside my head, that there is nothing I can do about any of it anymore. That what belongs in the past can’t be fixed, and that I can only go forwards now. That I can learn to control this rage inside me and find ways to let it out. It’s only been a few weeks, and I already feel as if this mix of anger, guilt and self-hatred is starting to slowly melt into something more accepting. I’m not saying I’m better, because there is still so much work to do, but I’m saying that I’m getting there. That I’m taking another step towards you, towards us, each day.
They stand on the inside of the door, bracing themselves for whatever lays in wait outside. Their eyes meet, John nods once, Sherlock nods back, turns the handle.
He had sworn to himself that he would never touch Sherlock again, never embarrass him again. He had worked so hard to make him forget about it all, and now he was massaging his head as if it were the most natural thing to do in such situations.
I wish I wouldn’t have to, just like I know you wish it too. I wish I could whisper what I’m about to write against your lips, against your neck. Now even more than ever. I know I’ve made the choice to go, and I know you’re supporting me in that choice because you think of me before thinking about yourself. I’m not sure what to think about all this for now, and I wish I could find the words to explain how lucky it makes me feel, but at the same time, how worried too. I read your email so many times now (Julian made fun of me for hours after I received it), and I’m certain I could recite every word you wrote.
Now that I’ve learnt how to love (thanks, in no small part to you - something I would like to thank and simultaneously blame you for), I want to explore it. I want to be free to love and lose and love all over again. I want, for the first time, what other people have. What
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just turns around to storm off but John grabs him by the arm lightly, forcing him to turn back around.
The other things were barely consequential, John. Touching. Sucking. Stuff you might get up to in a dorm room with limited privacy. SH
John swallows slowly, Sherlock’s eyes seeming suddenly more determined. Where last night had been all about closeness and reassurance that the other was truly
Sherlock is hit suddenly with the gravity of it all. John is right - he knows this. He would never do something that permanent if he didn’t mean it. He may be many things, but John is definitely not foolishly impulsive. Sherlock can’t believe that from one moment to the next, his life is irrevocably changed. With a few beats and fewer words.
“Well,” he replies, “I actually know what you mean. It’s been a long time coming, really, and I’d been thinking about it a lot even before… before
“I mustn't hold you back any longer,” Mrs Hudson declares at the end of the story. “Finding the right rings can be so difficult, you’re going to need time to properly choose.”
John looks up quickly, but Sherlock is simply calling from the bedroom. Probably still in bed, wondering what is taking so long. John hurries to pour them both their mugs of coffee and brings a tray to the bedroom. He makes sure to regain some composure before coming in. Sherlock looks up from his book, frowning immediately.
I wasn’t supposed to tell you this, but he had a sniper on you. You were in danger. If I didn’t jump, I was risking your life, and Mrs Hudson’s, and Lestrade’s. I couldn’t do that. You have to believe me. It was the only way…
He immediately seeks Sherlock’s eyes, not exactly sure what has gotten into him. For God’s sake, it feels as if he’s been snapping at him for a bloody week now, and surely Sherlock isn’t gonna take it much longer. It’s already quite a miracle he hasn’t snapped back already. But no, Sherlock stands there, watching him with infinite patience in his eyes, and John feels like a complete idiot.
He seemed worried then and Sherlock wanted more than anything to appease that. He wanted to smooth out the little lines forming between John’s brows. He wanted to make sure that John never felt worried again, that he never had to feel fear or uncertainty or anguish. All he had to do, for now, was tell the truth.
Sherlock nods, walking around the table and kissing Rosie’s foreheads softly. “That’s what I told her, yes.”
Sherlock’s entire body shivers as he shakes his head, “I don’t think I could stand it, John. Having you for two days and letting you go each time.”
That leaves N. Sherlock uses the same technique to look for the mysterious N, but comes up empty. Infuriating. Unacceptable.
When they reach the top of the sitting room, before Sherlock even has a chance to settle in, John turns to him, looks him head on and asks, “So you’re still sore about the other day?”
Useless adrenaline courses through his veins as he considers what could be. As badly as he wants it, he doesn’t know if he can even have it. The years and months and weeks and days and hours that span from then to now seem to forbid it. There’s so much that has gone wrong - more than what has gone right. There is so much to forgive and move over and move towards. There have been times, especially recently, when they haven’t even been friends, let alone anything more. There have been words that can never be unsaid and fists that can never be put down and apologies that only glossed over what stung more than anything. There has been
I can’t stop thinking about your nightmare. It says so much and yet so little at the same time. As I write this letter, I’m thinking it makes perfect sense. I don’t come to save you, Sherlock, and it speaks volumes about what you think of our relationship now. I understand. I truly do. How could you ever trust me after what I did? Even your subconscious knows you can’t. Maybe, like you said yourself, it’s trying to tell you what you can’t bring yourself to accept. I have to say, it was a relief to read your letter and see that you’re starting to see just how wrong what I did to you is. I don’t think either of us can move on from this point - right here - if we don’t try to fight our own struggles first.
You my have noticed that the rating changed. Maybe there'll be a bonus chapter about their first time, but we're not sure yet!
Sherlock brings his fingers up to his mouth again as he considers the word as John grabs their coats and leads them down the stairs.
“I want to be inside you,” John pants, leaning over just enough to kiss him. “But watching you like this is also so perfect.”
There’s a bit of traffic, which Sherlock appreciates because it means more time with John’s hand on his thigh, which seems to settle higher and higher each time it comes back from changing a gear. By the time they arrive at their destination, Sherlock’s breath has hitched in his throat and he’s more than a little bit aroused. He notices the restaurant in front of them for the first time.
They remain still for another moment, lips meeting and parting slowly until they can no longer ignore the noises coming from upstairs. Sherlock grabs his hand and holds onto it as they climb the stairs together. Rosie greets them both with a huge smile and grabby hands, laughing the moment John takes her in his arms.
One of Mycroft’s minions pulls up outside exactly as he steps out the front door with his luggage. He has just said goodbye to a semi-hysterical Mrs Hudson (“You’ll call, won’t you dear?”) and fired off a quick text to Lestrade.
They relax into something more easy after that, although a bit of tension remains underneath, threatening always to rear its head and become either something uncomfortable or something very much the opposite. Sherlock finds that he quite likes it. It’s like a little dance; push and pull, give and take, lead and follow. They’re flirting easily and laughing through their main course before long and it’s like slipping into his favourite nightgown, this ease with which they can tease and joke and chat.
Sherlock is shocked. It isn’t like John to be so abrupt. He normally encourages Sherlock’s little explorations. Sherlock thought that’s one of the things John liked about him - his insatiable curiosity and his willingness to always, always,
“The answer is pretty obvious if you think about it,” John begins, waiting for Sherlock to look at him before continuing. “Because you are.”
Even if her strategy has now changed, I won’t be giving you this letter near Baker Street this time. You left. You put as much distance as you could between you and me, and left. The thing is, I am not blaming you. In fact, I understand why you did this more and more. I wouldn’t have wanted to stay around me either. I should apologize, should tell you how sorry I am for how I’ve behaved and all that I’ve said and done, but it feels as if I’ve already done so many times without ever really succeeding. I don’t want this letter to be about apologies.
Thank you for your comments and kudos and, above all, for following this story. It was quite a challenge, but definitely one we're glad to have undertaken. You can follow us on tumblr for more fics, ficlets and updates (johnwatso at
I’ve imagined so many scenarios in which certains things go wrong. I know, if you were here, you’d let me curl up into your lap and hold me while the thoughts settled down, but, for now, I just have to learn to deal with them. Horrible, intrusive thoughts. I’d like to tell you about them, but I don’t think it’d be very appropriate. All I can say is that it’s cold and lonely for me without you here, and I can’t stop myself from imagining you, there, not so cold and not so alone. I can’t stop my mind from taking over and reminding me that, while I’m here, on my own, you’re
They make quick work of getting dressed, each keeping their hands to themselves. John places the cupcakes on a plate while Sherlock grabs a bottle of milk. They go down to Mrs Hudson’s, knocking.
“A hour,” Sherlock replies, his voice barely a whisper, and John marvels at the feeling of his breath against his lips. “My nose was itchy.”
John reaches out for the bedside drawer, crawling back up Sherlock’s body to kiss him at the same time. He lubes his fingers quickly, already teasing Sherlock’s entrance with one, all of their whimpers getting lost into yet another kiss. Sherlock digs his fingers into his shoulders, John getting the message quite clearly and pushing one finger in easily.
Sherlock draws the tattoo that is now seared into his memory onto a blank page on his notebook and turns it over for her to look at.
You know, I almost laughed when I read your letter for the first time. I would have never thought you’d think I’m worth being put on a pedestal. When I’m next to you, I always feel like I’m the luckiest man, being able to just stand there, to be part of your world. You’re right, I really am an idiot sometimes, especially compared to you, and I always felt like you’d grow bored of my presence. I used to wonder, the weeks after I moved in, how long it would take for you to realise just how ordinary I am, but you never said anything. I understand now, and if for a second I felt proud, reading your words, it also explains a lot. I’m not sure most men would be happy being told they’re not perfect, but God knows I am. We can’t move on if we don’t accept the other as he is, and we’re both far from perfection in the end. And yes, you will always remain amazing and bloody brilliant to me, but I also know the ways you can hurt me and push all of my limits. Now you do too. That’s a good thing, Sherlock.
Sherlock is warm against him, so tall and at the same time fitting inside John’s arms perfectly. The kiss turns into something much more heated, hips moving on their own and erections meeting in the middle. John breaks away, panting against Sherlock’s lips while searching his eyes for any sign of discomfort. But he only finds bare need there, Sherlock’s fingers leaving marks on John’s back.
John is about to reply when Rosie starts to call from upstairs, Sherlock already writing down the exact time in his journal. John plants another kiss on his shoulder before heading up to Rosie’s room, finding her standing up in her bed and calling for him.
“How about we get a takeaway?” John asks, pulling away just enough to whisper the words directly against Sherlock’s lips. “Spend a nice evening at the Airbnb?”
He looks like a hopeless, lost child and it tugs at Sherlock’s heartstrings more than he would ever dare admit, even to himself.
“Is it?” Sherlock finally snaps. “Is it so ridiculous that I’d be allowed to experience my own feelings for once?”
Sherlock captures it with this mouth and soon, their kisses turn slow and lazy, one seeming to melt into the other, until they break apart, languorously pecking the other on whatever piece of skin becomes available without too much effort. John settles himself onto Sherlock, his whole left side still on top of him.
“You know what I mean,” Sherlock says, moaning at a particular movement of John’s hips. “Not the way you touched me.”
John buys the toy three weeks after getting together with Sherlock. He hides it in a drawer and doesn’t think about it for a little while. He doesn’t want to take it out too soon. He knows they need to establish trust first, which they do over and over again, until John finds himself thinking of the toy more and more often. At first, he wonders how to bring it up, if he should talk about it with Sherlock first or surprise him. Surely the last option would add to the pleasure, but the building up could also be quite nice.
John’s laughter dies into another kiss. They slowly wash each other, John discovering a new sensitive patch of Sherlock’s skin and teasing him for long minutes as they both giggle in the shower. It almost feels as if time has somehow stopped, letting them catch up on all the years they’ve wasted, and for just a small eternity, they’re finally getting it right.
“Not true,” John replies, going to get some coffee. “I’ve been to work a couple of times, and you went out for groceries, remember?”
Sherlock nods as he pushes the front door open, the smell of old books and furniture making John smile. How he loves places like this. Sherlock had insisted this morning they come here, saying they could watch a movie afterwards, and John had been more than happy to agree. And he isn’t regretting it. Sherlock is already walking towards the large bookshelves in the back but John takes his time, looking at the different objects on display. He stops in what looks to be the medical section, picking up an old set of scalpels to examine them more closely.
“Hey. It’s alright.” John reaches across the table and Sherlock takes the hint, offers his hand in return. “It’s still us, Sherlock. No matter what happens or doesn’t happen, I’ll always be glad that it’s still us.”
“Sherlock, love, stop,” John cuts him off, cupping his head and stroking his cheeks slowly. “I know you trust me, just like I know there are some things we can’t control. I shouldn’t have stayed with Julian, it was a bad idea from the start, and I’m sorry.”
But getting a door slammed in his face had cleared out his ideas of all fantasies and words entirely. And now he felt like the most complete idiot, travelling to an entire other continent to open his heart. He should have known it would end up like this. One look at Sherlock, and he had lost all of his nerve. Telling him everything had seemed so logical, he had nothing left to lose after all. Their friendship was hanging by a loose thread so, really, confessing his feelings couldn’t do more damage. And yet, it now feels impossible.
“I…” he clears his throat. “I also wanted to apologize for the case the other day. I feel like I’ve ruined it and I… well, I just wanted to say… that.”
Everything is entirely different this time, the dust painting a sad sheen over the bedroom. At least the damage is minimal, with both door and windows shut tightly by whoever cleaned it last. There is still a wrapped chocolate on each pillow, a fact that makes John huff out a sob, which he contains with a fist to his mouth.
As John recounts the details of his average day, they can’t seem to stop touching each other, even when their food arrives. It’s as though the entire dinner is just an appetiser before the main course; fraught with tension - the good kind, Sherlock notes. He wasn’t aware there even
John leans in, kissing him until Sherlock all but melts into the touch, a hand coming to stroke John’s nape softly.
As for what we are to other, I think Boyfriend is the right term for now, yes. I know it might seem silly, or at least it does to me, but I want everyone to know you’re mine. I want to be able to hold your hand while we walk in the park or work at a crime scene. I want our legs to brush under the table at restaurant. I want to be able to kiss you whenever I want, just because I can. As I’ve said before, I am yours, Sherlock, and I want to whole world to know it.
- to know that I’m yours, but you’re also mine. I don’t want there to ever be any doubt about that.”
John insists on paying once the bill comes and Sherlock lets him, knowing it’s part of the dating rules that inexplicably makes up a bunch of absurd rituals that he doesn’t have time to remember or pay much attention to. He wants to give John this, though. He wants to give John whatever he wants, truth be told.
Elaine covers the tattoo and they pay soundlessly and once they’re back on the pavement, naturally link arms again. The walk back to Baker Street is quiet, both of them in their own thoughts. There’s an anticipation that’s been building ever since they locked eyes in the mirror, and it’s a comfortable kind of tension that coils around and through them as they finally reach the flat.
John takes in the sight in front of him, the Christmas lights shining everywhere, giving the city a certain look of wonder. He isn’t surprised to find himself comparing this particular view with a burning desert miles away. He doesn’t really remember each Christmas spent there; doesn’t really want to anyway. Especially the last one. He rather likes this view better, despite the cold infiltrating his every bone. London always had its charm, no matter what any Londoner would say.
Believe me, I love you. I’m so desperately in love with you that I’m considering tearing this letter up and beginning a new one, but we agreed, right? No more hiding.
He abandons Sherlock on the sofa, feeling suddenly much more hopeful. Unfortunately, it doesn’t last long. The instant they step out of the Airbnb, Sherlock is back to his strange behavior. He spends the entire ride to the park on his phone, typing and typing, not once looking up at him. John keeps his mouth shut, thinking back on the way Sherlock’s lips had moved against his just this morning. Someone who doesn’t want a relationship doesn’t kiss back that way, right?
They cling to each other, hands in hair, tongues on throats, teeth on lips. The desperation that has been building not just since the dust arrived, but since that fateful day at Bart’s, seems to explode within the contained space. John kisses a messy row down Sherlock’s neck and back up again. He tastes the little hollow behind his ear and can’t get enough of the breathy moans coming out of Sherlock’s mouth, obscene as they are.
“I knew something was off the moment we walked into that store,” John continues, unable to look away from Sherlock’s wide eyes. “You couldn’t stop looking.”
Sherlock breaks the kiss first, leaning his forehead against John’s and whispering, “John,” in a way so full of pain that it makes John’s heart compress.
John walks the aisles contemplatively, his worn trainers making crunching noises as each step forces the dirt further into the cracks of the linoleum floor. This, that, and this. Beans, always beans. When he adds luxury items such as bubble bath to their cart, Sherlock doesn’t comment.
Still, John is now going to stop extending his search area. He didn’t want to have to ride the train or bus for hours just to get home after work. First of all, Rosie is still adapting to her new home, and even if she seems to get on rather well with Sherlock, she continues to search for him all day if he’s gone too long (Sherlock wrote so in his new journal dedicated to Rosie only). Plus, there’s Sherlock. Sherlock whom he can’t wait to kiss, to push against the nearest wall and melt into him. It’s only been a few hours, but John can already feel this aching need for
She was never any of that, Sherlock. Yes, I loved her, and yes, for a time, she made me happy. But she was, and always had been, a way to stop myself from doing something stupid. I was so alone, Sherlock, and there she was. Smiling and funny and interested in me despite my constant state of mourning. She listened and she waited, and I was finally starting to realise how lucky I was to have found someone to talk to again. I imagined a future with her, of course I did. One I thought I’d never get to have, one I never really considered - or needed - before, and for a while, it was something to look forward to. But that was all. I realise now how much of a jerk I sound like, talking about her as if she never really meant anything to me, and I need you to understand that she did count.
Words are lost on them after that. Sherlock pulls away just enough to kiss him, lips moving against his slowly. Hands sliding down from Sherlock’s hair to his back, John lets his fingers trace the scars there, as softly as he can. Each roll of their hips brings them closer and closer, and John can’t help but think he might never be happier than he is right in this instant. That’s all he wants, mornings in bed spent making love.
Sherlock sighs, eyes fluttering closed, before pulling away. They stare at each other, and John can’t help but wonder if his own smile is just as luminous as Sherlock’s.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, he just flips himself over, straddling John’s thighs where he sits. He leans down for a kiss, long, slow, and languid. John finds himself more than responsive, but he wants to switch gears, wants to make Sherlock regret ever complaining about how bored he is.
“Why would you want me? After everything I’ve put you through? After everything you know about me and have experienced? All those things I’ve done to you...”
Now, though, he’s learning. Love hurts and sometimes, the hurt has to be felt in order to be managed. This revelation is how he’s come to be sat on the couch at five thirty on a Wednesday afternoon breathing deeply with his eyes closed, allowing himself to just
He’s on an obscure page on army symbols and insignia when he realises that none of the things he’s seeing look or feel anything similar to what John has. Time to explore another avenue.
“I couldn’t stand to be there and watch you with Mark because of those feelings. I went and had way too many drinks after because of those feelings. I ended up drunk at Baker Street because of those feelings.” He laughs nervously. “I’m fact, you might say I did a lot of stupid things because of those feelings.”
And here he is, three days later, staring at his phone and wondering if he is allowed one last mistake. His fingers work against him, and the phone rings for a small eternity before Sherlock answers, and then, silence.
“Eurus, Moriarty, or Serbia?” John whispers in his ear, the old question he asks every time this happens. He has been having to ask a lot more these past few weeks, since the lockdown began. Sherlock has been having nightmares so frequently that it’s no wonder he barely sleeps these days.
“I’d say you are definitely not an idiot all the time,” Sherlock replies, accepting John’s glare his with a smile.
John doesn’t allow himself to linger on his tone, nor the answer. He’s very much aware there is still a lot they need to say to each other, but for now, he only wants to enjoy their time away and this new facet of their relationship.
Sherlock has been planning their evening for the past two days, ever since the clinic had called and asked for John to come in today really. Getting Mrs Hudson to babysit Rosie had been easy, more than easy in fact, and she had come to get her a few hours ago, rambling about all they were going to do between girls.
“Sherlock? What is it?” John almost trips over his own words, rushing to ask. Sherlock realises only now that it is well past 2am and he shouldn’t have worried John this way, but it’s too late now.
Hi Sherlock. Look, I know you overheard us. I’m on the way home, if you want to talk. Even if you don’t. See you soon, I hope.
“Here’s one for you,” Sherlock says with a smile, handing him another journal. “A good experiment deserves a good journal.”
But still, it is yet another conversation they need to have. They’ve already taken the time to properly express their feelings the very first night they kissed, and if it has been both intense and a relief, John knew there were many more they had to say to each other. And Rosie was a huge part of it.
“I told myself I needed to stop, after the first time I showed up. I felt like a complete idiot the next morning. Felt so ashamed that I swore to myself I would throw away all the bottles in my flat. And I did. Not a single drink for a long time after that, and then… well, then I only needed to find an open pub.”
When it’s over, they lie in each other’s arms, peppering feather-light kisses on bare skin and murmuring solemn confessions that will never, ever be forgotten, not ever. Infinities lay at their feet now, nothing being hidden behind abstractions and wordlessness. Their path splits and splits and splits, the map book unfolding with possibilities. The only thing that obstructs them is the world itself.
They’re in the dry foods aisle when a girl starts to cough, discreetly at first, but soon with a force that could only mean one thing these days. She’s around five years old, pigtails, dirty pink glitter sneakers that used to light up on each step, but now only the left one does. John doesn’t let himself observe much more than that. It doesn’t, however, escape either of their notice that the hand she has coughed into comes away red-stained. Sherlock looks away quickly, not wanting to be part of her mother’s reaction. John keeps looking, vacant eyes concealing the whirring thing on the inside. He’s counting down.
Sherlock’s second hand comes to rest over his own, the glass of whiskey forgotten on the floor. Silence settles back between them, just a little lighter than before. John wonders if one day it will stop feeling so thick, if they’ll find ways to share all there is left to say.
Sherlock unwraps it as quickly as he can, it seems, eyes going wide at the sight of the four journals.
“What about going out tonight? Maybe dinner?” Mark suddenly asks, and John doesn’t need to turn around to know who he’s asking.
John looks away, “I could answer that question, but it would mean getting to the real part of everything.”
“I hated Mark because he was getting all your attention. I had seen them before, the type B fans, but you usually ignored them. But him,” John sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. “Him you laughed with and smiled to and genuinely cared for. I couldn’t stand to witness it all, to be there when it finally happens.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, simply guiding him to the bath and stepping in first. He welcomes John’s body against his own, the two of them moving around until the perfect position is found. John sighs again, letting his head fall back against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock lets his hands roam over John’s torso and shoulders, a soft massage that makes John moan quietly.
“I’m afraid you’ll get bored at some point. Of me, of our life, our routine. I doubt that I am what you deserve, that I’ll be able to make you completely happy, that I won’t hurt you again. I wonder whether you also picture the two of us, old and grey, sitting in our garden.”
And so, earlier that day, watching Sherlock play with Rosie while glancing lovingly at him, John had decided that he was more than ready to properly belong to this man. There is no certainty that it is going to work, that he won’t feel this useless afterwards, but for now all John needs is to be cared for and loved, and nothing else really matters. He craves reassurance, to be brought back to life with words and touches and sweet nonsense.
He flees before Mike decides to ask him about the case, or worse, Sherlock again. How can he explain that he has absolutely no idea how Sherlock is doing. That he had lost his place as a best friend a long time ago, and did nothing to win it back. In fact, he only made sure it would stay this way.
I haven’t told you about the hours I spent wondering what was happening inside your head. Was I imagining the stares? Was I reading too much into your smiles? Was it all just what I wanted to see? Were you thinking about me constantly, too? Were you wondering what I was thinking? Or did you read it all on me already and just didn’t say so? Silently telling me it would never happen?
Sherlock’s body goes pliant into his arms, legs and arms wrapped around him. John smiles, kissing Sherlock’s neck a few times before pulling away to look at him.
I miss you today. Well, actually, I miss you every buggering day but today was especially difficult. It’s gone on a year now. Don’t know if I’m supposed to celebrate you or mourn you more. I’ve never really done this before. I don’t know how. I wish I could hear your voice just one more time, and not from your sodding answering machine. I wish I could smell you. See you laugh. Watch you sleep. Even hear you sulk. Christ, anything is better than this. Anything. I miss you, Sherlock. I’ll always miss you.
Where the bloody hell are you? I’ve been everywhere and nobody has seen you. I swear, Sherlock, if you’ve done something stupid, I’ll kill you myself!
“Sherlock, you have to understand that taking a break won’t change anything. It isn’t going to make it go away.”
Sherlock’s entire body seems to give up then, and John has to stop himself from reaching over and touching him.
Sherlock absently notes to himself that it’s the first time he’s ever slept with anybody in his life, and uses all of his will to suppress the idea that it may be the last.
John closes his eyes again, trying to remember exactly the events of the night before. Violin, there was some violin. He fell asleep in his chair, woke up in the middle of the night, automatically went up to his old bed. And before that? Talking, yes, some talking. He sighs. He already knows he probably brought up Mark, that’s the whole reason he was drinking in the first place. Did he ask personal questions? Did Sherlock got angry?
I realise now I didn’t tell you that I love you, not once while you were here. But you have to know I do, right? Please, tell me you do. I love you so much, Sherlock. My entire body aches from your absence, from the way we acted during those few hours together. I’m so sorry. I should have been braver, I should have take your hand, should have pressed you against me. I should have whispered against your lips just how much I crave you, just how much I’ve missed you. I should have told you again and again.
Sherlock brushes his lips against his cheek, the ghost of a kiss making all of John’s body shudder. They kiss, slow and tender this time. John lets it properly sink in, the wonder, the excitement, the unconditional love.
John gives in to his attacks, his robe and shirt not lasting a second more. Sherlock struggles a bit more with getting him under the covers, but once there, John finds himself being pulled back on top of him.
But if alcohol was what you needed to talk about this, then okay, I’m fine with doing this now. Just, please, mention this in your next letter, ok? I just want to be sure you’re alright with what I’m about to say next.
That it could be that easy only makes the prolonged years behind them seem to stretch further and further in the only direction there is - away.
Sherlock arrives first. Which is fair, considering he’s a full forty-eight minutes early. He doesn’t know what to do with himself, with his hands, with his feet - have they always been this big and awkward? - so he orders two espressos in a row. Once he’s finished draining his second cup, he takes a look around the terrace. There’s barely anybody around, which isn’t unusual, considering the time and day of the week. The Boating Lake hosts a few ducks and some parents with small children, but nothing of consequence. Nothing good enough to hold his attention or do some deductions. He fidgets with his phone, refreshing his email and texts and Twitter and slamming it down on the table when there’s nothing new there.
Shaking his head, John gets up and makes his way to the bus’ doors. He tries not to look too impatient to get off, and convinces himself he really can’t run back home, but it doesn’t stop him from walking rather fast as soon as the bus stops and the doors open. Baker Street is just down the corner, but it still feels too bloody far. His keys already in hand, John almost trip over a hole in the pavement as he finally arrives in front of the door. Just as he’s about to insert key into the keyhole, the door flies open and one large hand drags him inside.
He searches the other side of the bed blindy, his hand finding only empty, already-cold sheets. He doesn’t fully wake just yet, unable to stop himself from playing over the events of yesterday. He’s still not sure how exactly things escalated to this point. He had thought telling Sherlock about the letter was the best option, starting their relationship with trust, with no secrecy. But now he isn’t certain that had been the best choice.
“I have a drinking problem,” John blurts out. Sherlock stops walking for a second, not saying a word as he resumes again. “I’m aware of the problem, I know the triggers and I know the signs. Still, I drink. When it’s bad I…”
“People will think we’re already married if we both have an engagement ring,” John points out, not really caring.
John tries to contain his own pleasure, not wanting to come just at the sight of Sherlock. He isn’t sure whether he’d like to make him come like this or stop and fuck him properly. He knows he will be coming in a matter of seconds, but Sherlock is fairly close too, considering the tremor in his body.
isn’t quite the right term but, for the life of him, Sherlock can’t come up with a better one to fit the situation. Where issues of
John leans down to pick her up, kissing her for long seconds and breathing her in. “It’ll be alright, sweetheart,” he whispers against her skin. Rosie smashes her toy against his chest, mumbling, and for just a second, John believes in his own lie.
As the weeks passed, the experiments grew more and more frantic, yielding nothing nonetheless. He finally realised that he could not put the world under a microscope, no matter how hard he tried to. Instead of trying more, he hurled his own microscope against the wall of the kitchen, expecting release to come through shattering, catharsis in destruction. Only the slide inside cracked, the rest remaining pitifully intact. Infuriatingly, not even the wall paint had chipped.
“Well then, I think we should make an effort to get to know the other bits better,” John replies, lifting Sherlock’s chin up for a soft, wistful kiss.
Still, standing outside and staring up at the living room window, John can’t help but feel anxious. He needs to remain in control, no matter what happens and, most importantly, keep his hands to himself. No more touching without Sherlock’s explicit consent. No wine or scotch either. And definitely no talk about all that has happened. Just cases and small talk.
Sherlock pulls aways, frowning, “I don’t understand, John. Why would it be different from being here?”
And god, Sherlock, maybe I shouldn’t say so, maybe it’s not my place, but I want to know about all your scars. The ones marking your skin and the ones that still today remain invisible. I want to know about those two years, I want to know where you stayed, where you slept, where you ate, the people you met and ones you chased. I want to know what went through your head on quiet nights, but also on the days when you doubted you’d ever come back home. I want to know everything, the same way I want to be able to earn knowing all of it.
“Would you have really?” There is now a deep frown around his eyes, painful, and John wonders if a touch of lips could make it go away. “Even after all I said or did that night, after all the things people warned you about?”
He opens the bathroom door, heart sinking when he realises it’s empty. He goes to check the kitchen and living room, growing more and more worried by the second. He can’t think of anywhere Sherlock could have gone. They don’t have a case on, and they are planning to go get everything they need for New Year’s Eve this afternoon so, really, there isn’t a single bloody reason for Sherlock to disappear like this in the middle of the night.
Now that they’ve finally managed to sort through Rosie’s boxes to prepare her for bed and had dinner together as a family, Sherlock waits for John to put her to sleep while he hangs back in the kitchen, clearing up after them. When he hears John start to sing a soft lullaby, though, he can’t help but want to check in and see the private little moment for himself.
“You’ve been doing a lot of research?” he asks, and his tone is light, easy, but there’s something lurking underneath. Something challenging and almost dark. It only intrigues Sherlock more.
“You thought about kissing me,” Sherlock whispers, shameful. “I thought about ways to ensure you won’t ever need nor want anybody else but me. Who does that?”
have to go through with it. Like, we could turn around right now and go back home and put on the kettle and get on with our lives and I wouldn’t care at all. I’d never hold you to it.”
John nods slowly, “I do, yes. But I want you more, I want us more than anything. I won’t go, Sherlock, if it means I’ll lose what we’re slowly building together. You know that, right?”
I know you’re at work and I know I’m not supposed to call you at work but I just wanted to say. That thing you did. The one that was good. It was. Good.
They’re quiet in the car, the heat that rose between them back on the stairs of their home having settled for now. John looks out the window, tracking where they are by the landmarks they pass, some of them barely recognisable in their current, decaying states. He forms
John wakes up uncertain of where he is. His head is spinning and his whole body aching. Hangover, that much he knows for sure. It’s only when he notices the crack in the ceiling that he realises he knows this bed, these walls and the familiar sounds coming from outside. With the light being too bright, he closes back his eyes and for just a moment, he dares to imagine this is still his bedroom, still his home. He falls deep into the fantasy. Sherlock is waiting for him downstairs. They’ve just solved a five day case and crashed into bed as soon as they got back during the night. They are probably going to spend a lazy day at home, doing absolutely nothing. Maybe he’s even going to try and tell Sherlock about how he’d like to sleep in his bed tonight. Just maybe.
The third step had been cooking something that could be eaten cold or easily heated up. He had browsed the internet for quite a while the day before, looking for the right recipe and finally settling on a not too complicated salad. After following every step perfectly, Sherlock was quite pleased with the result. He had already prepared their two plates before putting them in the fridge for later.
“Yes, exactly. Exactly four years old,” John says purposively, holding Sherlock’s gaze with his chin up.
“I’m sorry about that. Truly. It’s a funny thing, being so deep in denial. First there was my fragile masculinity to consider. And then. Then there was Mary,” John’s voice falters a bit as he says her name, and Sherlock squeezes his hand, just once.
“I have an idea,” he says when he has taken his fill, breaking apart just enough to allow air between them, their breaths mingling in the middle. “How much petrol do you have?”
“What I meant to say is… Me too,” he says, and forces himself to look John directly in his eyes, seeming to lose himself in the greys and browns and blues for a second.
John pulls off and leans on an elbow over Sherlock, tucking one of his long curls behind his ear. “What do you want?” he asks gently.
John holds him closer, messy curls now tickling his face. “I have a proposition for you. You can refuse if you want.”
John holds him tighter, feeling his heart sink as he realises what must have gone through Sherlock’s head for the past three hours. “Love, it has nothing to do with you, I promise.”
They certainly never debrief after the news reports spell disaster, death, and more disaster. They turn off the television set, move it out of sight as they would usually do, and clear their throats, avoiding eye contact. They go to bed with knots in their stomachs and fire in their throats, but they keep it off their tongues, not wanting to vocalise it and make it any more stark than it already is.
Now that they’re together, though, the adjustment period has been surprisingly minimal. It could be because they’ve spent every day together, even if it’s just for an hour or two. They’ve managed to make love almost every single day since that first time. Some days, John has even come to the flat between seeing patients or on lunch breaks. On those days, they always started out claiming they’d be having a quickie, starting with hastily discarded socks and undershirts, which inevitably turned into slow, systematic adoration every single time. Their lovemaking, in contrast, would frequently somehow turn into fucking. The alleged monotony that accompanies monogamous relationships that Sherlock had heard so much about doesn’t seem to have any place in their world. As with everything else in their shared lives, unpredictability and sometimes even danger are the order of the day. Their cases are their frantic fucking are their humdrum daily chores are their luxurious lovemaking are their lives. Nothing is immune to the usual storm that was Sherlock and John, with all its complexities. And that’s what Sherlock appreciates the most - by joining together this way, they haven’t lost their core, but merely maximised it. They are better together, as always. Six days ago, lying in bed after one such quickie-turned-worshipping exploration, John had said as much, too:
But there’s Sherlock, watching him, loving him. John wants to close the space between them and ravish him. Christ, he can’t even remember the last time they had sex. He can’t go on like this. And if making the bed is the first step Sherlock chooses, that’s fine. They’re going to make this bed and then John will find his way back home.
It had been only a little journey to get to this point - them, unpacking all of John’s belongings and moving him back where he belongs, the sealed boxes the briefest of reminders that this hasn’t always been John’s home, but also a reminder that it’s being rectified - for good.
I can’t deal with this, not now. I’m hours away from London, I can’t just drop by to make sure you’re not high. And this isn’t Mrs. Hudson’s place either. She’s been through so much already. She’s really worried about you, Sherlock, so the least you can do is prove her wrong and not touch drugs anymore. You did promise, remember?
They lie that way for ages, the minutes ticking slowly by as Sherlock’s breathing evens completely out.
“Sounds like a plan,” John said, ending his assault on Sherlock’s reflexes and giving him the most enticing kiss imaginable. Sherlock had no choice but to make good on his threat.
He leans back a bit to look into John’s eyes, wondering what they contain. The poets speak of miracles and vast oceans, but all he discovers is what has always been there. Yet he can’t find it in himself to be disappointed. How could he be, when it’s the same eyes that broke the last of his restraints and tore down the Jericho he flaunted so proudly all his life? Literature alone couldn’t encompass the constancy staring back at him. It couldn’t even try.
I’ve looked for you everywhere, Sherlock. I even went to the train station, searched every pub and open store. Where are you? Just answer me, or text me, I don’t know. Just let me know you’re okay. We need to talk about this. You can’t just leave.
Sherlock nods, accepting John’s kiss with relief. Sherlock smiles and kisses him some more because, in the end, it is just that easy with John Watson.
But you have to know I would never do this to you, right? I would never cheat on you, Sherlock. You’re all that I want, there’s no one else out there who could give me what you’re already giving me. We haven’t even kissed yet, but I already belong to you. You are my boyfriend, my other half, the love of life (always the romantic as you can see). I love you, to the point of not knowing what to do with all this love.
John comes out of Rosie’s room soon after, catching Sherlock just as he’s packing up their dry dishes. They work silently for a while before John turns him around against the sink and gives him a slow, thoughtful kiss. When he pulls away, he must notice Sherlock’s glossy eyes, because his expression turns to one of concern.
John’s eyes twinkle with mischief and unspilt laughter and Sherlock struggles to swallow down a giggle and, just like that, they’re laughing, easy and shared, like a breath of life from one mouth to another and back again, keeping him alive.
Silence stretches between them, one of Sherlock’s finger now tracing the line of his hand, and John lets him be. He lets him accept the tender confession, the too many times unsaid confession and hopes that if words are not enough, Sherlock will understand just how breathtaking he is with kisses and tender touches.
Thank you for all your kudos, comments and support through this story, and we hope you enjoyed reading this series as much as we enjoyed writing it!
Air filling his lungs again, John allows himself to relax. He knows where he is, knows exactly who the person in bed with him is, knows all too much the - still breathtaking - reason they’re currently lying there together.
I’ve feared for all too long that I am not what you need. You deserve so much more than me, Sherlock. But now you’re telling me you love me, and so I choose to trust you.
Sherlock is silent again. John knows it isn’t easy, this sort of thing. Not for either of them. They’re rubbish, still, at directly expressing their needs but, luckily, they now have the option of letting their bodies do the talking for them, which is what Sherlock does now. He leans back in John’s protective circle of arms and looks John in the eye.
“God. The thought of actually opening all these boxes up and packing everything away is just. Can we just never deal with doing that?” John says, leaning against the couch and closing his eyes while he massages his fingertips into his neck.
“What can I do for you?” Mycroft ignores Sherlock’s comments in favour of speeding up the conversation.
He has a knowing smile on his face and Sherlock doesn’t even have the patience to kiss it off right now. He does it anyway, pecking his upturned mouth as though conquering and seizing it for himself.
Sherlock understands perfectly, bringing John’s mouth to his once more, more than welcome to the idea that the playing field is sort of levelled. That they get to explore each other with fresh eyes and lips and fingertips. He bites John’s bottom lip and John groans, but soon he’s rubbing the sides of Sherlock’s abdomen and arms, wordlessly urging him to slow down.
“With Molly. Tonight it’s all about us,” John answers sheepishly, his hand coming to cup the back of his neck in a classic John expression.
The way that John is so soft and careful with her - with both of them, really - makes Sherlock’s heart feel full to bursting and tears spring into his eyes. That John could be so full of love and that love could ever be directed at him is almost unimaginable, and yet it seems to be his present reality. One that he certainly intends never to take for granted.
John reaches under the table and rests his hand on Sherlock’s thigh, stroking the inside seam with his fingertips, sending little shivers through Sherlock’s stomach and chest. He looks John directly in the eyes, sensing more than deducing the shift and his mind flashes to
Sherlock can unfortunately do nothing but stare at him, lifting his hand to his lips to check if they’re still there. He finds that they are, although they can’t really do anything useful beyond falling open slightly.
. Why is it so hard to tell Sherlock all this, why can’t he just tell him how scared he is? Because that’s the thing, isn’t it? He could stay, and he could wait for a job offer which won’t come and let this way of life bore Sherlock a bit more day after day. He can’t do this to them, can’t let the routine tear them apart to a point of no return. Yes, their love is still brand new, and
but Sherlock stops it there. He can’t stomach niceties and small talk in a normal context, but it just feels hateful now.
He arrives at the crime scene barely thirty minutes later, anxious about who he will see there and trying desperately to push it out of his mind. He can’t allow this to overtake the work. The work must be held above all, paramount to his continued existence. This is why he deflected sentiment for all those years. Hideous and heinous and
John knows he’s shaking now, hands buried in the sand. He can’t look away from Sherlock’s eyes, seeing there all that he ever hoped for and yet not quite believing it.
“The restaurant we went to after we solved The Inexplicable Matchbox case,” John says, pulling up to the pavement and looking quite pleased with himself. “You couldn’t stop going on and on about their dessert for weeks after. That was one of the best nights of my life.”
“Yes. I wish… I wish it hadn’t taken this long for us to get here. I wish we hadn’t taken the very long way ‘round to get to this point. Death and marriage and misery. Never saying anything for all that time. Leaving, then coming back to you and her. Her... What was it all for, in the end? It just seems so pointless somehow. We both suffered so much and-”
“No,” Sherlock whispers, shaking his head. “I understand what you mean more than you know. You were - and still are - a complete mystery, and I thought several times about studying your sleep patterns, that maybe it would help me.”
“Okay. Let’s get up,” John suggests, making no move to do so himself but knocking Sherlock’s leg with his own.
John rubs soothing hands up and down Sherlock’s thighs until Sherlock looks down at him. Their eyes meet, and it’s electric. It’s like falling in love all over again. His stomach hurts with all the affection he feels for the man before him.
Taking off his jacket, he makes his way to the bathroom and turns on the shower. He quickly goes to their bedroom, finding some nice and fresh clothes, before going back. The hot water makes him whimper, his entire body finally relaxing as he closes his eyes and lets himself enjoy the moment. He almost misses the sound of the door opening. Almost.
Their bodies melt into one, discovering the other all over again, and John rolls them around, pinning Sherlock to the mattress. He kisses down his jaw, neck and shoulder blade, letting his tongue sink and his teeth mark. Sherlock is moaning, the sound almost too loud in the quiet room, and John engraves each and every one of them. He can’t forget this, can’t let himself forget how brilliant, how powerful it all feels. He thrusts against Sherlock, locking their groins together and sealing back their lips, drinking all of Sherlock’s gasps and whimpers.
I am in love with you, and it has been making my life a constant mix of bright happiness and aching hurt.
Sherlock keeps his eyes closed, “You only answered two out of three. You said nothing about my… lack of experience…”
John simply stands there for another second and is suddenly gone, retreating to his chair. Sherlock wonders if he should stay on the sofa or join him. The last, and only, time, they actually had a conversation, as John called it, was the very first day they kissed. It had been a lot, much more than Sherlock could have imagined, and many things had been left unsaid. So, yes, Sherlock had been expecting another. And probably more after this one, too.
“Then I promise to tell you about Mary too,” John replies, taking Sherlock by surprise. “I always wondered why you never asked, but I thank you for not doing so. I want to tell you about her, why I chose her, no matter what she might have thought, and how I felt about her.”
Sherlock’s mouth shuts closed, but he’s still fuming. John can tell from the way he’s holding his body, tense as though at the ready; for a fight, or to run.
Sherlock does nothing but blink rapidly while he tries to process the implications of it. Several minutes drag by, but Sherlock hardly notices them.
Sherlock chuckles, using both legs to throw him off balance. John lands boneless on top of him, now completely trapped. Sherlock’s lips are on his neck, teeth grazing the soft skin.
As your so-called “want” for drugs - you’re not fooling anyone, least of all me. You managed just fine without the drugs when we met and lived together. Your mind doesn’t need to be improved, and finding excuses will lead you nowhere.
“I thought she’d come with. I just assumed. I wouldn’t want her to feel left out,” Sherlock stammers, but that isn’t it. The truth is, Sherlock was counting on Rosie to break any tension or potential awkwardness. Her not coming with put the figure at well below 84% now, and he wasn’t prepared for this kind of revision. In fact, he’d have to spend a considerable amount of time coming up with a new -
Hi, love. Just landed. Getting my baggage and then I’ll see you soon. Be ready for the air to be kissed right out of you. Love you.
“But now,” John continues, brightening his intonation. “Now, things are so much better than I could have ever dreamed up. You’re here and real and alive and
“What good will it do,” John asks, feeling the first tremor of irritation coming up, “to make the bed in a time like this?”
I read each of the words you surely carefully chose, and it makes being here so much harder. I find myself wishing I could be in 221B, with you, whispering all of this during quiet evenings by the fire. I find myself imagining Rosie sleeping in her cot in my bedroom, you sitting at the kitchen table and me, trying to gather the nerve to tell you all the things I’m about to write down. I find myself hoping you’ll want to murmur these ugly thoughts, these things you keep buried, and that you won’t be afraid of doing so. That I won’t be afraid to hear all of it.
But the lies, Sherlock. All the lies, the trust she expected from me, the one she broke without a hint of hesitation. She shot you, for God’s sake. She shot you and then threatened to finish the job if you told me. How could I still love her? How could I still want to build a future with her? I’m not ashamed to say so, but if she hadn’t been pregnant, I would have left her. But she was the mother of my child, and I couldn’t let my own daughter grow up alone with an assassin as a mother. I thought I could make her change, stop her from hurting anyone else, but the lies kept on coming. There were nights when she didn’t even come home after Rosie was born. I had no idea where she went or what she did, and I was too afraid she’d leave with Rosie that I didn’t say a word.
I just don’t know how to do this and I don’t want to make a big mess because I couldn’t stand it if we started and then we had to stop. SH
He reaches out with his right hand and clasps the back of Sherlock’s neck, his thumb rubbing little circles into the hairline. Sherlock leans back into the touch.
Deciding against any form of convincing tonight, Sherlock offers, “Do you want to watch something tonight?”
And now, tt feels as though he finally belongs to someone, and someone to him. He never knew that was in the realm of possibility, so he always tucked it far back into the recesses of his mind. Love seemed to happen for people of all types - good people, bad people, painfully mediocre people - but never to Sherlock Holmes. To be fair, he had never especially wanted it to or sought after it. And now, he has something more than that. He has a family. He has two people to come home to every day for the rest of his life and that somehow makes him feel as though everything is safe now. The demons he didn’t even know he was afraid of are put to rest.
But not like this. I can’t keep it all to myself anymore. I tried, oh I tried. You saw how I failed, showing up drunk on your doorstep, even then not brave enough to tell you. You have every right to hate me, you know. To resent me for what I did to you. I still can’t understand it myself, can’t look at a glass of scotch without wanting to drink it. I have a problem, Sherlock. One only you can fix if I ever could ask you, properly, not with half sentences and disguised sentiment.
John pecks him goodnight and Sherlock mumbles a distracted “Night” in return as he smoothes a hand down Rosie’s sleeping face, and he realises that everything he felt before - all the anxiety and nerves - it was all something more akin to anticipation than dread. He hadn’t been afraid of the future
“Shouldn’t I be asking you about Lestrade?” Sherlock finally replies. “He is your more friend than mine.”
Sherlock holds him tighter, kisses him harder and says, “Then we give ourselves time to think about it.”
“Even if I thought a lot about that,” he continues, “it doesn’t mean I wasn’t also thinking about doing much more than just looking at each other in your bed.”
Too busy laughing together, Sherlock and Mark don’t notice him walking back in. John can’t seem to be able to stop staring, his hand still around the handle, barely breathing. It’s not the laugher or the way Mark is still so very close, no. It’s the way Sherlock is genuinely laughing, something bright in his eyes that makes all of John’s insides ache.
We used to be a team, John. That was long ago. Before... I couldn’t delete it if I tried, and believe me, I have tried.
A few minutes had ticked by where Sherlock thought of nothing, just the sound of John breathing next to him, aware of John’s eyes on his profile. He had felt safe and contained in the bed they had just so creatively put to use.
His temper is flaring, something low and dangerous, something he doesn’t like to let loose around anybody anymore, least of all Sherlock. It reminds him of fists and feet in a morgue. It reminds him of the monster he’s so capable of being. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath in. Holds it. Breathes out. Repeats the process before speaking.
I know you liked her, more than any girlfriend I ever had, and I’m still not sure why your behavior didn’t change after she tried to kill you, but you must have had your reasons. To this day, I’m still uncertain on why she jumped in front of that bullet for you, but all I could feel was relief. I wasn’t afraid anymore. I knew no one would take Rosie from me. What kind of a husband feels relieved when his wife dies, Sherlock? I know now that it was the real reason for my anger. I was so angry at myself for feeling this way, for not mourning her, for wanting to move on with my life as fast as possible. I even started hallucinating her. She was constantly in my head, talking and smiling and making me want to punch the nearest wall.
know what to do when it feels this way. On the days I’m extra quiet and extra clingy and you don’t comment at all because you somehow just know exactly what I need before even I do. Like that horrible Wednesday when my veins were singing out for something to fill them and my head was drumming hateful garbage and my heart felt like it was on another continent entirely and you just took one look at me and folded my up into your grip and held me so tight I couldn’t breathe but then I suddenly
Sherlock has done some digging into family records posted online here and there. It hadn’t even really required much hacking because once Sherlock knew that John’s grandmother’s name was Elsie, he knew that a family tree he found on some inane blog belonged to a distant relative of John’s.
“She does. I think it will be good for her to have somebody other than me to rely on, especially later on, when it’s going to count more.”
John chuckles and lifts himself up to discard of the offending garment, settling his weight back down on Sherlock, their bare torsos blissfully meeting each other’s.
the dessert, finding courage in his blatant and long-suppressed desire. John licks his lips in return and replies with a hoarse, “Ok”.
John fails miserably, coughing even more when he tries to reply. He can feel himself going red with the lack of air. Sherlock pulls him towards him, taking both of his hands and placing them on his chest. John can only stare, and stare some more.
He’s reading the first one before he can stop himself. Each word Sherlock wrote down is making his chest ache a little more, and by the time he reaches the end, he can barely hold himself up. He closes the drawer with shaking hands, refusing to read any more letters. He shouldn’t have read that one in the first place, not without Sherlock’s consent. He had told him, the very day he got here, that he didn’t want to show him. And now John understood why perfectly. Those letters are as personal, as raw as the ones he wrote himself, never to be read.
John shakes his head, still not sure if he can trust his voice. Sherlock is still so very close, hands still in place, and there isn’t much John can do besides stare into his eyes. It seems that neither of them are breathing, but John couldn’t care less. In all the months he’s been gone, this is the closest he has come to feeling like home. Looking into Sherlock’s eyes, seeing dozens of possibilities there and feeling the excitement rushing through his veins. Unable to stop himself, he glances down at Sherlock’s lips, full and tempting. He licks his own, the smallest of movements, and Sherlock pulls away immediately.
John dug his fingers into the side of Sherlock’s abdomen, making him squirm and giggle. “I’ll tell you what I’ll do…”
Sherlock isn’t sure what to do with his hands now that they’re face-to-face. He should probably move aside and let John in or he should grab his coat so that they can leave, but he’s paralysed by the indecision of it. As though this one minute detail would make any bit of difference. The problem is, in his mind, every move he makes could be the contrast between a great evening and a lousy one. He wants to control for every single element in order to ensure that things run as smoothly as possible, without any surprises other than the one he knows he’s bound to feel later on, when John finally takes him to bed.
“That means you’ll have to sleep in my bed again tonight,” Sherlock says, a playful look in his eyes.
The tragedies that resulted in the decay among them before the dust ever even came would have been enough. Why this on top of it all, then?, they both wonder, separately. They used to choke on their words before, but for entirely different reasons. They used to revel in their silence, take comfort in the warmth of it, cocooning them in, safe and harmless. Now it suffocates them, cotton wool tufts stuffed into their mouths and duct taped shut.
After a long, comfortable silence, John asks gently, “Are you sure you don’t want to talk about your dream?”
“Alright?” John asks as he takes a seat opposite. He nods lightly as John orders himself a freshly pressed juice and pulls his attention to Sherlock completely.
I don’t blame you for it, not really. I blame myself every single day for allowing things to become so horribly tangled. For entangling myself in your life, and yours in mine.
“What for?” Sherlock’s arm is already slipping through the sleeve of his coat, one of the only constants in all this time: the deep blue tweed with the red buttonhole and the man beneath it.
John wakes up warm and rested. He can’t remember the last time he felt so blissfully happy waking up, and it doesn’t take long to realise why. Remaining completely still, he closes his eyes again and lets himself enjoy the fantastic feeling of Sherlock’s naked body pressed against his. So this is it then, how he’s going to wake up every morning from now on. Well, no one is going to hear him complain ever again.
