“It’s not just about the dog John, though yes, maybe it is a bit. Redbeard, my dog, now always reminds me of – well, something Mycroft has paired in my mind – “
John’s expression went through a number of stages, all coinciding with different parts of the transformation process. By the end, John’s face had settled on recognition.
Despite all this, John would never have described himself as suicidal. If he occasionally looked at a gun for a moment too long, or leaned over an oceanside cliff too far, it was nothing more than a dalliance. Watsons were made of sturdy stuff, as his late father would have reminded him, and there’d never been a death by that means in the family. John was certain he would never commit such a drastic action, if only because he couldn’t imagine putting Harry through it (or so he told himself).
“No. She often went out alone like that. She would come back any time of the night, and sleep at the cottage on the beach.”
“We can continue, I was merely looking at the paintings,” he said. He and Moriarty were completely alone on the landing. How strange that what hadn’t bothered him a moment ago now felt off-putting. How long had Moriarty been watching him, while he was lost in his own mind?
“He gets like this sometimes,” Sherlock heard John say. It was fond. Did John always sound so fond? He wondered how many details he had missed over the months, all from being too close to the subject.
“Oh, all - all right,” John answered slowly, and softly. His brows fully lifted, before scrunching together, unsure what to make of him. The expression was… endearing.
John had only been on BAK 2212 for two earth days before finding Sherlock, but those had passed in such excruciating slowness as to feel like a lifetime, especially in comparison to the madly entertaining fourteen earth days John subsequently spent in Sherlock’s company.
“The man is an idiot,” Sherlock commented, all eyes turning to him. “That is - I’ve met him on a number of occasions and invariably found him to be more than a bit odd. You can interview him, but whether you get any sense from him is another matter.”
He was making the right choice. A clean break was better for healing bone, why not for this attachment?
He had tied this knowledge up so tightly, and yet the words left his lips with surprising ease. Neither had ever discussed or acknowledged Watson’s wife before. Your wife.
With his strengthened hearing, Sherlock could also hear the faint humming through the door, and it was surprisingly nice. John had a rather good singing voice, and Sherlock just wanted to be closer to hear him. It was simply a matter of cracking the door open on a particularly loud hum, shifting into his other form, and fluttering in.
“No, no,” John repeated, already pulling on his suit jacket once more. “I’ll feel much better knowing you’re comfortable here with Gladstone, and up to one of your experiments.”
John wasn’t the only fan of Sherlock Holmes, with the books being so well loved and known. A friend of his had once tried to bond with him over the series, which had ended with the friend being downgraded to casual acquaintance. The friend had hero worship in his eyes, but for all the wrong reasons as far as John was concerned. He admired Sherlock’s cold reason and detachment, his interest in the game and the puzzle above all else, and especially his disdain for other people. That had, of course, rubbed John up the wrong way; Holmes wasn’t a bloody puzzle-solver, John had argued passionately, he just liked drama and was a bit of a loner.
“That was … amazing,” John praised in response, and truly meant it. “Honestly, quite impressive.” He smiled, laughing slightly.
Sherlock resisted a look of a disgust. “Did you have something specific to say to John? I’m sure I’d be happy to pass it along for you.”
Sherlock’s head snapped up, shooting him an odd look. “No. Other wizards. They’ve fully turned now.”
And John did of course still need encouragement in that direction. That morning for example, John had been readying himself to leave their bedroom when Sherlock had teasingly began to writhe on the bed, sliding his nightshirt up inch by inch, smiling all the while. John, who had only just put trousers on, managed to tear them off again in record time, and proceeded to flip Sherlock onto his front, as John pressed himself flush along Sherlock’s back.
“It wasn’t—really, I mostly thought about us being detectives. Or something. Like partners— business partners,” John rushed to clarify, blundering his way through his weak attempt. Christ, his flirting normally had a better exit strategy than that.
He got off the train before John’s stop and waited on the other side of the platform for the train heading back to Baker Street. There had been no reason for him to take the tube today.
Archie was still eyeing John with trepidation, which John didn’t think was warranted, considering they were in a wizard’s castle.
“I know, which is why I want you to know,” he said, fortifying himself, trying to hold onto all he had learned. “I’ll include you this time, John. I won’t shut you out, I promise. I’ll do it over. We’ll do it all over again, I swear it.”
“Where’s our new bolthole?” John asked, pointing to it. Though the door to the castle was now a full floor below them, the wheel remained above the stairs in the living room, and there was a new bright pink segment that had replaced the red for Porthaven.
They joined the other servants, all ecstatic that Sherlock had been found. Lestrade clapped him on the back, and Gladstone eagerly licked his palms. Colonel Barclay, who had dropped John off, had already been sent out to call for help. They were still waiting for them to arrive, but likely, it would be far too late.
“He snuck into the party in the night like a criminal - how far up did you say he was in the government?”
“I gave you my number, I thought you might call. You have only to ring through to my room, you know, when you want me. It would only take a short while to have the rooms in readiness.”
“Thank you Colonel, and thank you Captain,” John added in. “I think we’ll take your advice though about heading home.”
“And you want to be here John?” Sherlock asked, oddly hesitant once more. “I mean - you want me?” If this was intended to be seductive, it was not how it came across.
Sherlock waved from the doorway, not listening, his sheet hunched around his shoulders. Sighing, John began his journey towards the spire in the distance.
John had jumped out of the bed, likely as soon as he’d realized there was something else in it with him, and Sherlock roused himself before John attempted to forcibly remove him. He flew upwards, which only caused John to start up again.
He hadn’t realized how tight his chest had felt until it loosened at this remark. Harry had been operating on her own assumptions then. Harry’s outlook was independent of John’s. John wasn’t a good liar - he really hadn’t told her anything.
Wilkes introduced him with the usual dismissive wave in his direction, with the visitors more than happy to take the cue not to engage. He continued to sit in the lounge chair, bored, but now with his feet placed firmly on the floor. Tedious.
Is now really the time to discuss my diet? Sherlock places three fingers on John’s chest, lightly pressing. Sherlock says: Besides, I rather think I've been getting at least two a day as of late. Three last Wednesday, wasn’t it?
After taking a moment, Dr Davenshaw stands from her chair. “I’ll show you,” she says, passing to the end of the living room to open the door to a bedroom.
“A criminal mastermind? But what does that have to do with - ?” John trailed off, motioning to the Doctor’s house behind them.
Taking advantage of the brief opportunity, one long third arm grew out from Sherlock’s side, ripping through their coveralls, and snaking out over the short space separating them to attach itself to John’s leg. Sherlock’s eyes met his, and this time, John was the one to nod.
John did not seem to understand that this was intended to be the end of the conversation. He had meant to say goodbye, and John was meant to smile at him and maybe clap his back with one hand, and then send him on his way –  and he would remember John forever just as he was in this moment.  This was proving difficult, especially if John was going to insist on continuing as if none of this was happening.
“How could you let that happen?” Better. “John, I said I need to be back at Baker Street. Ideally, at a quarter past
It was also enough to make a man suspect he was about act like a foolhardy idiot, but John would burn that bridge when he got there. After the photo of dead toes, a saner person would be more reluctant to agree to a meeting. But John had a therapist, so he was allowed to be a bit looser there. Besides, Sherlock, like John, kept a personal blog, which fit every detail Sherlock had provided about his profession so far. Creating an entire website seemed too elaborate a ruse just to catfish someone, if it even counted as catfishing, seeing as Sherlock had never sent John a photo. John’s imagination had been forced to do some heavy lifting on that front, and frankly, it was ready to call it a day.
“Ready?” John asked, laying out the supplies on the table. Sherlock nodded, motioning for John to perch on the chaise lounge. Sherlock stood to wash his hands while John poured the boiled water into a bowl, along with the instruments from the kit. Gladstone proceeded to get in John’s way, attempting to get up onto the couch with John to lick his face. They spoiled the dog tremendously, but letting him up on the furniture at the moment just wouldn’t do.
“Why is ‘Major James Sholto’ in your search history?” John asked, apparently now opting for the direct approach.
“Let him know we appreciate it,” Lestrade replied. “I know he can read lips, but I can never tell what he gets. Especially when he walks away before I’m done talking.”
He caught up to John as they reached the lawns, and they walked on to the house in continued silence. John was stoic, but he could still tell John was chastising himself for what had happened. But what aspect?
He had of course gathered as much, but he appreciated John clearing the air. He smiled, though it was forced, and did not answer. He was vaguely aware that he was entering a state of mild panic, which was crucial to conceal.
“Take off his suit,” the poacher directed, and the in-ship bot proceeded to follow the instruction, starting with pulling at his protective gear.
“Watson didn’t like it, so it never made it to Manderley. In his opinion, it didn’t do her justice.” Moriarty’s eyes lighted upon the wardrobes in the other room. “Oh, but you have been snooping haven’t you? Would you like to see her clothes?” Moriarty moved into the anteroom without waiting for a response. He flung open the door of each wardrobe, his arms outstretched as he swiveled back to face him.
John replied, watching the man’s thrusts, and wishing more than anything in the world that he wasn’t.
Especially when things got more interesting in the afternoon. After completing a few of the easier spells for the customers, which Sherlock seemed to be able to do with his eyes closed, he began drawing chalk outlines on the table. “Practicing,” Sherlock said as way of explanation, while peering down at a scroll, which he was copying shapes from.
“While the shoulder I gathered from the book, your recent recovery from a psychosomatic limp I did not,” Sherlock remarked, as if reading his mind.
“Are you mad?” John asked, but he was grinning. It was endearing, the lengths this man, whom he hardly knew, would go to ensure that John stay—even if it was only for his interesting curse.
“Yeah,” John replied, looking back at the house, expecting the Colonel and David to come out at any moment. “But what are you on about?”
John held him by the waist, lowering him till he was resting on John’s spread knees, without putting pressure on the area of his seat that was currently quite tender. He regretted being sore at the moment, as John seemed intent on apparently making
And that’s the end of that, John thought, but there was a response in his inbox before he even had time to reopen his take-out container.
“You. Your. What about your girlfriend?” Sherlock stuttered, and for a full thirty seconds, John had no idea who Sherlock could even be referring to.
John glanced up at him, with a soft expression. “Forget about it, who cares. You’re the one who uses the room, and somehow I doubt you’ll miss a cupid ornament.”
“Well, there’s only one thing for that then,” John said, turning back towards the living area. “Time to start you on films.”
“I’m sorry,” John said, and despite the pronounced lines in his tired face, he looked young. Like a child, lost and in pain, a mirror of his own current state. They possessed an odd kind of symmetry, reflecting each other while still not understanding what was looking back.
Finally, the gears clicked in his mind. He had been right all along. No man would propose this way, because these were not the usual circumstances. John knew he hated Wilkes and that he would miss John terribly – he’d been stupid enough the other day to ramble on about bottled memories. Bottled memories he wanted to keep of John.
It wasn’t a lie, John thought. It was true that the bots weren’t designed to withstand an alien regularly dismantling them.
John was still smiling as he murmured, “I was actually thinking - I thought you could rename it, if you like.”
His impression of the sheets improved shortly after, but he might have been biased by the smell of John clinging to them, and the sound of John’s deep, even breathing next to him. The combination of John’s smell, the sound of him sleeping peacefully, and the soft cotton against his skin was all rather soothing. He yawned, pulling his wing up over his face, just for a moment.
“Has he,” she said, looking ahead. She was silent for a moment before asking suddenly, “How do you get on with Moriarty?”
“Farewell, Mr Watson. It’s been a pleasure. I think I’ll come to see you again sometime.” Magnussen held his hand in his own once more, and lowered his lips to kiss it. Luckily, it was brief.
“The Sherlock Holmes novels,” John said, not even sure what he was expecting any more. “You know, like the ones Mum used to read to us.”
But, and perhaps more frustrating for said husband, John was not yet able to allow himself to be touched. He worried about how this reflected on his own ability to provide the distraction John so clearly needed, while also wanting it desperately for his own selfish reasons.
John was lonely, but John didn’t belong to him. He belonged to Mary. John still thought of Mary, and he would never love him because of her. Moriarty was right - Mary was still in the house, in the bedroom in the West wing that John could no longer stay in,  in the library where John had paced in grief, in the morning room with her pen-stained pigeon holes. Even in the woods, and that little cottage on the beach. They even still ate according to her damn menus. Mary’s things still occupied the master bedroom, her clothes were still in the wardrobes in the anteroom, and her nightdress still laid across the pillow. Mary was still the mistress of Manderley. He had come to Manderley like an idiot onto ground that had already been claimed. Harry at their first meeting, looking him up and down, frank, direct, knowing he wasn’t the same. Lestrade uncomfortable, hesitating whenever he spoke of her, and his voice admitting, “Yes, she was the most beautiful creature I have ever seen.”
Magnussen repeated his earlier movement of adjusting his glasses on the bridge of his nose while staring across at him. He felt as if he’d been reassessed.
Below, there was a river leading to the pond John had spotted, and next to it, a small stone cottage with a water wheel attached. “Is this what you wanted to show me?” John asked, when they came to a stop. “Is the cottage yours?”
“Yes hello, can you send someone out to tell Sebastian Wilkes to come see me in my room? Tell him it’s John Watson. You’ll find Wilkes out front.”
The first cut was shallow, and John’s only indication of discomfort was a hiss as the blade went through the skin. Sherlock blotted it with cloth immediately. His actions were precise, attempting to hide his nervousness behind his now well practiced entry. The first shard was found easily enough, and delicately lifted from the tissue with tongs that had received the same treatment as the scalpel. John’s body had formed its own scar tissue around the foreign object. Sherlock wondered if John would be made uncomfortable by him studying it later. Probably, but with likely no intention of stopping him.
“The furs here, a Christmas present from Mr Watson. She told me the cost once, but I've forgotten it now, something outrageous. This wardrobe on the left is all evening clothes. This is the one you opened, isn’t it?” Moriarty asked, motioning to the one closest to the door.
Perhaps more startling than the man’s presence was the expression on his face. Moriarty was excited, his lips pulled back into a sneer. He looked like he was gloating, but over what he didn’t know. He felt like Gladstone, wanting to hide beneath a chair. Which was ridiculous. Afraid of one of his own servants, in a deserted hall.
This one was a two-weeker, but man it was long. My turn around time for the next one may be shorter, but we'll see xoxo
Following lunch, John offered to take them on a walk around the house to see the gardens. Harry immediately agreed, and grabbed him to corner for conversation on their little excursion. John, ever the gentleman, offered to escort Clara, who he likely realized had been rather neglected throughout the visit. He could hear their soft voices from behind him and Harry, the space between them growing as Harry set a punishing pace that John could never hope to keep up with. Gladstone at least seemed happy for the change of speed.
John’s eyes snapped up to Sherlock’s head, which though wet, still seemed to be black and wavy. John shot Mrs Hudson a look, but she only shrugged, while Archie clung to her skirt.
John’s face crumpled before his eyes, that simmering tension seeping from him, only to be replaced with the soft sadness from before. “Too late? I thought you said the game was never over.”
Stamford stayed where he had been when they’d entered, though he had difficulty not pacing on the spot.
“They were expertly orchestrated, seemingly random, but with someone at the source pulling the strings,” Sherlock began. “What if there was someone planning these crimes for people, a consultant of sorts. Someone well connected with powerful allies, but always hidden from the public eye.” His mind returned to Irene Norton’s words from the night of the ball.
The undercurrent of resentment in his voice was not in any way hidden. The room he was in now was obviously not to the Manderley standard. A lower class room, for him, a lower class person, he imagined.
He ripped his hands from his body, and hastily rubbed the oil off against his nightshirt. “Thank you, Moriarty,” he called. “Good to know -”
“This path leads to a valley that I thought you might like,” John said, with a brightness that didn’t reach his eyes.
They stood in silence for a moment, before John leaned on his cane and dropped on his bad leg to the ground. He wondered why John would go to the trouble, before John handed him a white flower that had fallen to the ground. John didn’t seem to know where to look. It was all very… endearing.
He tucked in his chin at the thought to partially conceal his face. Lestrade came towards him anyway, to help him out of his coat.
John looked at him in amazement, wonder, and Sherlock realized now, with honest, open affection. John looked at him with love, and it was the way John had always looked at him.
“A minor detail. They will be caught in short order, and due to your assistance.” Sherlock paused for effect, his mouth turning up at the corner. “Interested in apprehending some more?”
“Ms Watson has been here for some time,” Moriarty said abruptly. “Her car drove up shortly after twelve.”
John spoke as if he were coaxing a frightened animal. “It’s only – I had started to think you might be a bit in love with me.”
And so it seemed he was to return to his play-act of host - except this time part of the performance was pretending Magnussen had just been brought in from outside, like any other guest. And with Moriarty, the ideal servant, beyond his constant overstepping of his bounds.
The memory of Janine sitting in Sherlock’s lap in the dark leather armchair opposite, Sherlock’s chair, was still fresh in his mind. Sherlock smiling up at her, adoringly. Reaching up to lightly, affectionately, touch her nose.
Sherlock took a look at the papers for himself to read the articles in full - one of them needed to know exactly what was being said about them. “John, don’t bother yourself with these people,” Sherlock reminded him, eyes lowering to where the article said it continued on page ten. “Focus on preparing your statement for the inquest.”
“Who you calling ‘rabble’?” a younger member of the military entourage piped up, though he was shushed soon after.
He wondered what John would say or how he would look if he knew they would never see each other again. Would he smile wistfully, reminiscing over the weeks they had shared together? Or would it be just another time in his series of travels, avoiding his home and his grief, all the world a blur to him?
With this kind of subtle performance, it was no wonder John had never tried this for himself. The bloke was probably at home eating beans out of the can while faking orgasms for a few pounds a minute.
“I would not, and am not!” Lestrade exclaimed, stopping him with gentle grasp on his arm, which was then used to turn him to face the other man. “Look, yes, your brother contacted me before you even arrived. I thought it very strange a man’s own brother would ask me, a servant, to keep an eye out, but I thought maybe it was for my master’s, and your, safety. I haven’t been
Slowly, as if not fully corporeal, a body pressed up against him from behind. He knew it was John from feel alone, and from the head that only reached his shoulder. He was spun around by small, strong hands, and his face tilted down for a kiss. He realized belatedly that he and John were both wet, soaked. It must have been raining in their painting, though he couldn’t remember when it had started. All he knew were John’s lips, kissing him warmly and languorously, as if they had all the time in the world. John, the genius, shifted slightly to the left, slotting a hard leg against his groin for him to press against. He groaned, and with no self-consciousness, began to grind against him. The sweet slow kisses grew hot, more forceful, and he drew John as close to himself as possible, feeling his aching length thrust against John’s thigh. As his hips moved in their addicting rhythm, he felt a hand sliding up his back, and into his hair --
“Wizard’s henchmen. These ones in particular are meant to round up all the rogue, heartless wizards shirking their duties. They’re my constant companions these days.” Sherlock paused, though only to wink in John’s direction. “Can you run?”
, this would be nowhere near where it is now without you, mwah (she also made me some cover art which is lovely, and can be found in the first chapter !)
John smiled, imagining a young Sherlock spending his summers inside a cottage near a marshy pond, working on spells, and deciding to make up his own in the process. John’s smile slipped a fraction when he noted there didn’t seem to be anything around them for leagues, and the cottage was too small for his uncle to have stayed with him.
He was aware most company would consider this rude. Watson only laughed, though with a queer, intent look about his features. It was the same indecipherable expression from their first breakfast together, and which was still beyond his experience to comprehend.  It was amazing how quickly Watson could transform from safe and reliable to mysterious and distant.
Irene upheld her end of the deal by adding her magic to the few enchantments Sherlock was able to maintain outside. Or at least, that was what she proclaimed to have done, while snidely commenting on Sherlock’s lack of assistance.
A hard tug on his right arm, and a sudden weightlessness to his body, and John floated up from the ground. When the dark blobs launched up after them, the walls of the alleyway began to close inward on all sides.
“I got honey, so now you have to eat a bit of toast. Don’t think I haven’t noticed you threw out the one from this morning. And the day before that.” John’s further commentary on his eating habits devolved into grumbling, which not even Sherlock’s keen ears could make out.
“People accused me of giving Mrs Watson a leaking boat,” the boat builder stated, clearly feeling the injustice of it smartly. “- which was simply untrue! I lost good work over it. So, I went to go see the ship the other day, to see if my work had been just as I remembered it. And it was! Nothing wrong with it at all. And the diver said they found it on sand, did she not? The boat didn’t strike the ridge, and no signs of it either. So if the boat couldn’t have hit the ridge, how did all those holes get in the planking? It wasn’t done by the ridge or any kind of rock, sir. They looked man-made to me.”
“I see you’ve heard the news,” Sherlock observed, affecting nonchalance. Everyone at the house would have heard about the boat by now.
The in-ship bot in the center of their circle attempted to escape as John walked forward, only to be pushed back in once more by the routing bots, acting on their programmed response to unidentified moving objects. From a distance, it looked like a ring of cardboard boxes restraining a tall collection of junk metal.
“Hardly a moral crisis!” John protested. Though truthfully, Sherlock’s parents not having any issue with the arrangement
They had stopped walking momentarily. Lestrade obviously did not want to continue their little talk. It was possible this was cruel of him. He continued regardless, like a dog with a bone.
“You see,” she said, snapping the top of the lighter, speaking over her shoulder, “you’re so very different from Mary.”
“If the alternative is you and the pet living here in married bliss…” Moriarty trailed off, and began whistling. “No, no no no, couldn’t have that. Not
John smiled. “He’s right, it should be for you. Though really, it’s like forcing you to plan your own party. That Lady Norton is something else,” John said, looking particularly sour as he said her name. He couldn’t help but a hope some of John’s annoyance stemmed from her flirting. “And for Lestrade as well -  are you sure it won’t be too much work?”
“Well, if that was all, I’d rather not watch you strip anyone of their powers. I’ll be on my way. Unless you intend to keep me from warning Sherlock.”
Sherlock swiveled on his heel, facing John once more. “What is your curse, if you don’t mind me asking? What are the effects?”
It was also not made any better by the constant reminder of what John missed, and sought to forget. There were 'M'’s monogrammed on everything. One could not turn a corner at Manderley without seeing an ‘M’. The ‘M’ in Manderley, even the ‘M’ in Moriarty, all seeming to match and long for the corresponding ‘M’ in Mary. The letterhead in the morning room, even the return address on the mail (Moriarty had pulled the stack of letters away from him when he had begun noticing that trend, suggesting that he needn’t sort through the mail himself.) He could not escape the presence of 'M''s. As a person ruled by logic, he was aware this was inflated in his mind, likely caused by his boredom. However, knowing it and preventing it were two separate things entirely.
“Goodness, no,” she said. “I prefer Mrs Hudson. And while I do sell spells and enchantments, it’s nothing like what Sherlock gets up to. I owned an old shop in Kingsbury, and Sherlock wanted it for one of his fronts. So, now I’m his landlady.”
“Yes, and if you don’t mind me saying, I don’t think he’ll be leaving without a word with one of you.”
Sherlock’s reply to John was to tilt his head even further forward, and to press his closed mouth against John’s in a delicate approximation of a kiss, before recoiling backwards so quickly that it may have given him whiplash.
John was out of breath by the end of his tirade, and paused before he continued at a much lower volume. “If I acted like a man suffering from unrequited love, it’s because I was, and am. But it was never over Mary, it was always
The dog whined in her arms, and the Witch looked back over her shoulder, where some of the henchmen had returned to continue their attempt at squeezing through the gaps between wrought iron and glass. The more they tried, the more the greenhouse appeared to bulge.
Sherlock rests a hand on the mattress in between them. Near John’s waist, not touching. Maybe I don’t feel much like sleeping.
“You’re dismissed,” John snapped, short, and crisp. John was truly military, his forceful instructions given in the style of a drill sergeant, John’s way of coping with any situation slipping from his control.
> 'Cause people have noses, and they’re supposed to be people’s faces. Do the kids not do them with noses anymore?
John pressed his lips against his own gently, in the same way that he spoke. It was like the kiss to his scalp, but much warmer, much softer, and he had to reach out and grip John’s arms in return to keep from slipping to the ground. John’s lips were still against his own while his heart beat frantically in his chest.
Sherlock spread John’s legs, forcing John to sit on the high ledge that the tree offered, and began to undo John’s flies with more confidence than he felt. He performed all of this with driven focus, never having wanted anything more in his life. Knowing that John would finally let him have it, without guilt, spurred him forward. He had never done anything like this before, but despite his general naivety, he knew well what sorts of things men could do with each other. He only hoped that the lewd comments he’d often overheard, exchanged between young men at school, wouldn’t prove to be poor advice.
“John H. Watson. You’ve written his name down about a hundred times on that slip of paper. Also I’m not sure if Humbringgard is even a real surname. Unlikely middle name candidate I’d say.”
Flinging himself onto the light fixture and hanging on by his feet, Sherlock watched the top of John’s head upside down through the crack between the shower curtain and the rail. His hair was spiked from running his hands through it while wet, and John’s humming was growing louder. He might start to sing at any moment.
John lifted himself up from the ground, realising that going for a man’s crotch first thing might have been a bit backwards of him, and kissed the bottom lip he’d dreamed of for thirty years.Then, he kissed the top one. Then both, squarely, at once, and Sherlock Holmes whimpered into his mouth.
Lestrade returned to the room. All other noise in the room was muted, till all Sherlock could hear was the dull thudding of his heart. Clearly, Lestrade had found Murray.
Did he have a girlfriend then? A boyfriend? Was he interested in women? Or men? Or both? Not enough data.
John left Sherlock to it, trundling down the ship’s hatch to the outside world where the dust cloud had finally cleared. John walked to the right side of the shuttle and found the in-ship bot easily, as it was currently boxed in and overpowered by a ring of routing bots from the BAK 2212 base station.
Sebastian paused here, expecting Watson to smile and gush about his renowned home. Watson’s face remained impassive, still beyond a line forming between his brows. His only response was to move his left hand from the table to his lap. The silence was uncomfortable, but more importantly unprecedented. Why would a man not want to hear compliments on his home? But, then of course the house held sad memories – his deceased wife. Of course.
In his flustered state, he ripped the page out of the book, and tore it into as many pieces as he could. But her pen had been full of ink, and the ‘M’ in Mary had bled into the next page, and the page after that…
Watson stood from his hard chair following this biting comment. He watched Watson lean and shift his weight on his cane, while Watson excused himself.
“Because you’re more reluctant to discuss the unsolved ones,” John replied. “Oh, don’t look like that. If I ever write stories about you, people would want to know about those ones too!”
It was strange to think how different his life would have been if Sebastian Wilkes had not been such a snob.
“I found your present,” he said without emotion, breaking the silence of the room, and holding out the morocco case. He walked as far as the dressing table, pausing at the chair with the dressing gown thrown over its back. “Lovely costume idea too, by the way.”
“Gladstone, come here,” he called. But the dog would not come. He hesitated, but his curiosity was stronger than his desire for company.
“I think I’ve already asked you to leave my house,” John said after a stretch, his simmering anger approaching a boil. “Don’t make me ask you again.”
“You’re a torment,” John had groaned as Sherlock continued to writhe against the bed, basking in the feeling of John’s weight holding him down, and his cock dangerously close to sliding between Sherlock’s cheeks over top of his nightshirt.
John was smiling against him. Smiling. Was it the good kind of smiling, or the mocking kind of smiling?
John’s head snapped back to the Queen, only to find that the older woman from before had been replaced with Sherlock, currently peeking out from beneath a grey-haired wig.
He was however unable to come to a conclusion or to provide deductions, as there was a sudden commotion coming from the hallway just beyond the dining room.
Of course, there was more than consideration holding John back. People were complex after all, and their motivations usually were as well.
Sherlock grabbed his husband by the arm, dragging him through the foyer and back out of the house. John attempted to provide some kind of hasty explanation to their host, apologizing for their abrupt departure.
“So, the violin,” he continued, “do you play for Wilkes? Are you expected to entertain him? Do party tricks?”
“A message from the club, sir,” Moriarty’s lilting voice spoke through the door. “Mr Watson arrived safely ten minutes ago.”
Sherlock’s arms shot out like springs, with hands like gadgets clasping onto her shoulders with gentle firmness. “Nothing happened that evening? You’re certain?”
“I haven’t taken any of it, as you can see. If I had, I would most certainly not be speaking with you at this moment.”
“They call it 6D, but really it’s more like vintage 3D just done proper,” John explained to Sherlock, curled up on the sofa to his left. “The D stands for—”
Sherlock unlocked their bedroom door to find the hallway outside empty, apart from an old pair of shoes. They were small in size, indicating a young man’s shoes, dated in style to at least a decade ago, and hadn’t been worn since. Unlike the last gift, Sherlock found he did not understand the message. He brought them into their room, and slid them into the desk drawer as John began to stir in their bed. With their visit to Doctor Murray, whose intel might create the need for a trial, John had enough on his mind without Moriarty’s diversions.
Fingers spread wide, John settled for stroking over his backside in slow, small circles. His thumbs skirted outward, dipping down into the crease, and without yet taking a peek, warmed the sensitive skin. With his right hand, John reached under.
John cleared his throat again. “Good thinking that,” he said. “Don’t want to be in the middle of it and get jostled. Are you still sure you want to do this?”
John blinked. Kingsbury was nowhere near Market Chipping. “Why are you living here if you have a shop way over there?”
This was an unsettling observation - it was as if he were really at Manderely in spirit as it would be now. At this thought, he found himself to be in spirit quite literally. He was able to cross through the barrier of the gate, seeping through the bars like fog drifting in. His travel was unrestricted though the path had been usurped by the natural world, with gnarled roots and branches reaching out as if to impede him. He rather wished they would. Perhaps if he had been more corporeal, more firmly in the reality of the decrepit place, he would have known what to expect at the end of the journey.
“My father was a lovely and unusual person, but my parents are both dead,” he replied. Admittedly, it was his middle name, but his father had chosen it.
Being invited on a case was ambiguous, and being invited to dinner was only slightly less so. Sherlock glaring at the waitress making moon eyes at John while she poured his water was, however, promising. Very promising.
“What?” he choked out. He couldn’t think. He was aware he was blinking, and that his eyes were dangerously close to growing wet.
“They’re going to regret ever giving me the big ship,” John muttered, pressing a kiss in between the two antennae on Sherlock’s currently wrinkled forehead. “Are you ready to say goodbye to this planet, and go exploring?”
But, the word of the day was “massage”, and as quickly as it had come, John’s tongue was replaced by his finger. This time, there was no cause for concern about his bedside manner slipping out, as one finger slipped in with no resistance, with a second following shortly after. God, Sherlock was wet. John imagined if he reached around to the front, he would find his cock in a similar state as well, staining the pristine sheets beneath them, and Christ, as his fingers eased in and crooked, John found with little surprise that he had never been more turned on in his life. And, from the sounds of it, neither had Sherlock.
This was essential, for they were called upon often. People who lived in the same area of the county came to see them in droves, the goal of the visits transparently for the chance to gather gossip on the new Mr Watson.
His heart was pounding in his chest and he had never been more mortified in all his life. Please, he thought desperately, please let this be something John would be happy to never acknowledge or discuss.
As Wilkes had summoned him, he reluctantly dressed and made his way to the other man’s room just down the hall. To his surprise, he was almost run over by a newly hired bellhop leaving Wilkes’ room with a luggage case.
When the shepherd left John only part of the way up the winding hills leading to the moors, he attempted to dissuade him. “I don’t know what you’re after, but if you’re trying to reach Market Folding, it’s a long way,” the shepherd said. “There’s nothing out there for quite a ways but a bit of hillside, and past that the wastes of Belgravia.”
“John!” was yelled again, a door upstairs was banged against the wall, and then the one man hurricane came stomping down the steps, clutching his hair, and wearing only a towel wrapped loosely around his waist.
He now stood while the alien crouched. The alien slowly rose up to their full height, and as they stood, the colour of their skin changed from blue to silver. Almost metallic. John wondered again if maybe they really were a bot, before observing that their skin was now the same colour as his protective suit. They had touched him, and now they were copying his appearance.
“It’s all one and the same,” she said, pointing to the door behind him. John turned to see there was a diamond-shaped knob by it, with four different coloured segments. An arrow was currently pointed to the green coloured part of the knob. “Facades and bolt holes, but this is the real place.”
” John raged from somewhere above him, and Sherlock gasped as the weight over top of his mid-section was lifted a half-inch, high enough for him to squeeze himself out from underneath.
“Who knows, the old woman’s completely barmy – Indian? I’ll order,” Sherlock said, heading for the kitchen.
John hushed him, and moved forward on the chaise lounge till he was within reach to kiss Sherlock’s forehead. “For one, you didn’t get it all wrong. All those other incredible things you figured out along the way were right. Your brother even had an eye on them, so truly top marks.”
The woman on his right with her nose in a book: one – no, two – cats, works as a bank teller, just broke up with her boyfriend, her makeup is still slightly smudged from the crying, she’s highly considering getting another a cat –
Test tubes scattered across the ground in a clatter as he moved swiftly forward to grab the back of Watson’s jacket.
, the entire blog was absolutely without a doubt being written by no other than Sherlock Holmes. To John’s disappointment, similar to the literary version of the man, there were no photos of Sherlock anywhere.
“But then, well, it was you! When you came into the morning room before lunch, well, you could have knocked me down with a feather."
The dance came to an end, and everyone applauded them as if it had been a true performance. He supposed in a way it had been.
It wasn’t that he was afraid of it. He simply preferred it this way. (Mycroft would have begged to differ).
Sherlock turned from the window, eyeing Moriarty appraisingly, and started to laugh. Moriarty watched him in annoyance. “You’re not as above her as you thought,” Sherlock said.
John’s brow furrowed, but he quickly caught on. “Is this about the lady who contacted you through my old acquaintance Stamford? Mrs Hudson?”
“Mr Watson, please understand that as sympathetic as we are for you, I will need to question you on your personal life.”
Sherlock smiling that sweet, secret smile and lifting his face and pressing his lips to hers, cupping her face, her neck in his hands. Janine touching his cheeks, running her fingers up past his hairline and into his curls.
Closing the book with a snap, he returned to his notes on the samples he’d collected, which needed reviewing and further clarifications.
He was distantly aware that there was a squabble now occurring between the accused waiter, the maître d’, and the recently arrived hotel manager, but all outside stimulus was muted. He was floating above their heads, above himself, his brain lit up like he'd taken a glorious hit of cocaine.
(also really people just call them carnations, but dianthus just sounds way better?? Red Carnation just does not have the same ring to it)
John can’t help but be amused that they had both shared the exact same thought for each other, but then suddenly realizes -  “Hey, wait a minute, isn’t he that the bloke from the family photos?”
“Very nice sir. We were a bit worried it might not be done in time for your arrival, but miracles do happen. I think you’ll both be very comfortable there,” Lestrade responded.
“He showed so much promise, and from such a young age,” the Wizard continued. “I had hoped he might follow my example in working for the Crown, but alas. He insists on being difficult.” For perhaps the first time in their conversation, the Royal Wizard’s eyes met his, and held his gaze. “His heart was stolen, and now, he only uses his magic for petty means.”
“You just said yourself, whoever or whatever’s leaving flowers goes in the house, they must do, so if they follow the usual pattern we can’t miss them,” John ends this with a breathy exhale, and proceeds to rub his cold hands together.
John began to mouth the word ‘photosynthesize’ once again, however this time Sherlock pressed their mouth against his from the start of the word’s formation. Sherlock lips molded to John’s as he continued to pronounce the word. It was by far the strangest form of physical intimacy John had ever shared with another living creature.
It might be a bit tricky to get that information out of him. To keep Sherlock safe John had to be interesting enough to be heard out. Maybe even interesting enough to keep Sherlock from feeling so bored, bored enough he’d die to prove himself clever.
Nothing happening in the evening didn’t sound very promising to John, but Sherlock crowed in happiness, and spun away from the stoop.
“Well sorry for getting attached to the thing that speaks to me and looks after me on the regular!” John shouted, annoyance building as he tried to deactivate the alarm via the side panel in the living area’s wall. “It’s only—human.”
Before answering Greg’s signal, John made sure the door to the bridge was firmly closed behind him. He’d left Sherlock in the living area, where he hoped his unusual companion would stay put.
His plans to make sure John did not notice were failing. John kept looking over at him. “I’ve bustled you down here rather quickly, haven’t I?" John commented. "I suppose we should have bought you more clothes in London. Well, we can always order in, can’t we?”
> Really, did it :-)? I should look into that. But that doesn’t answer my question. What’s “a little younger”?
Moriarty was of course highly involved as well, but not with the bookkeeping. To avoid having to hear that sing-song voice over the line of the house phone, he used Lestrade to act as mediator. The expression on Moriarty’s face as he’d left John’s library still irked him. He wouldn’t speak to him, not for a while yet, and managed it rather successfully.
He cringed at the sound, and at what he knew was about to come. Would no one save them from Sebastian’s speeches?
John’s eyes were narrowed in confusion, while Sherlock imagined his were wide and panicked. Staring at one another, neither of them moved a muscle for the longest fifty-five seconds Sherlock had ever experienced.
She would have written it time and time again, careless and familiar. She would have called out “Hamish” when she wanted him, and so that John would always know it was her and no one else. Mary would say it decidedly and purposefully, as it was written on the page. Hamish.
“I left my hat upstairs, I’ll just go get it!” he cried to Wilkes, running back up the stairs and into the hotel lobby.
“Sherlock, if it’s me that you’re worried about, don’t be. I promise that whatever is happening down there, I am too far gone to care.”
, but Lestrade blocked his path. Lestrade tried to usher him back up the stairs, but he resisted - he wanted to know if Harry was lying John down, he wanted to know what she was doing, she was already
Two surprise deductions in one day was possibly two too many. Especially when they were about things of an extremely terrifying and personal nature.
“They’re not dysfunctional!” Archie cried, hopping off John’s back. “The ones you and Master Holmes make together just go
Though, if not for his chronic condition, John might not have paid any attention at all to the town rumours about witches and wizards.
John took the opportunity of being released from their hold to roll off and scramble to his feet, which was unusually difficult given the extra balance required due to the somewhat weak force of gravity.
“Sir, I believe almost everyone’s been accounted for,” Lestrade informed him, barely audible over the sea of distressed voices.
The forgotten morocco case was now burning a hole in the large inner pocket of his suit jacket. Sherlock did have his own secrets to share. Perhaps now was the time. In light of recent revelations, John would likely be interested in knowing the nature of his interactions with Moriarty.
“Can I do anything more for you?” Moriarty asked while he acted out looking around the room, searching for anything missing for his Master’s comfort.
“Never mind, load of rubbish,” John repeated. “Back to the ship. How did you get it in here? You couldn’t have lifted it.”
. His anger and revulsion momentarily seethed, and he gripped her forearm and pulled her close on the next swing.
John was surprised, and then suspicious of the sudden change of heart. “What do you mean? You’re going to actually respond?”
When he caught John’s eyes, that feeling shifted dramatically. Sherlock had expected John to perhaps be light-headed from blood loss, pale, woozy. Instead, his cheeks were flushed, rosy pink as if the blood in his body had only pumped harder in response to its loss. His eyes had never seemed so dark. His lips were parted, breaths coming in short, quiet pants. The tip of his tongue was visible, just touching the corner of his lip.
“You can take it from here, right?” John asked, hopeful. When Sherlock’s catatonic state continued and Sherlock’s head almost slipped under the water, John sighed, lifting a flannel.
While John in his fantasy was teasing him, he’d moved a pillow beneath his hips, and poured more oil into his right hand. He was spreading his legs with knees bent, the covers kicked off. His left hand had taken over the duty of stroking, his right slipping beneath.
Why did John not want him to go, and why had he sounded so urgent? Or rather, frightened, he realized. John had sounded frightened.
“A contact. Okay.” John nodded, apparently willing to let that go, for now. “So, just bags then? Or do you….?”
A different man might have been frightened to learn that the reason was an unknown creature destroying the equipment, and that he and the creature were currently the only two living things on the planet.
For a moment, superimposed over Watson’s face was another’s. It was still Watson, but without a moustache, and dressed in a vibrant blue wool with a collared shirt underneath. His mouth formed angry words, but what Sherlock heard was disconnected from the movement. Unprincipled drug addict. Show-off. Smart arse. Always getting his way.
“Looks like one of ours,” John commented, recalling the ships in Kingsbury, and wondering where exactly they were in Ingary.
John’s hand beneath his chin tipped his head upward, and still Sherlock resisted, keeping his eyes closed. He couldn’t hear anything over the beating of his own heart and his erratic breathing, loud on the exhale, sharp on the inhale.
Not to stop you from listing carbohydrate dense foods, John, I’m sure you can think of many more, but that’s not—what this is about.
“I wasn’t aware you could buy that sort of thing," Watson said, appearing thoughtful. "Sounds a bit like the slave trade."
“Your limp is not a physical issue, but a problem of the mind. I’ve observed that sometimes it is almost like you don’t remember the disability,” he said, wishing he’d been able to state it earlier when it would have seemed less obvious, more ‘brilliant’ of him to notice.
“The boy who was killed,” Sherlock said, in a very delayed moment of comprehension. “They never found his shoes.”
John moved towards him, instinctively. John reached for his hand, gentle at first, and then squeezing, till Sherlock could feel their bones grind. Sherlock gripped back just as hard.
John was confused, but above all, curious. If Sherlock Holmes lived and breathed, he wanted nothing more than to see what he looked like. However, John already felt like a bloody stalker reading the website of a man who had ostensibly never met him.
Tonight, Sherlock’s coat is in the bed with them. Like a melted man, it sits in a puddle at the foot of the bed, arms crossed over and folded. John doesn’t like the look of it in the dim light, so pulls it up towards him with his feet, and tosses it over them. Wet wool, old smoke, new cologne. Sherlock doesn’t question this, the same way John didn’t question its presence. Sherlock slips closer across the sheet till his head is under John’s chin, and his breath puffs across John’s chest, stirring the few light hairs that reside there. John kisses the crown of Sherlock’s head. It smells like John’s shampoo. They share now, he supposes. Under the coat’s protection, the tale goes on.
He followed after John, though he was reluctant to return to the house. Luckily, John was in fact leading them further down the path, rather than turning around. Gladstone was ecstatic.
“Not sure what help I provided, or what me going accomplished,” John said, though he appreciated being thanked, and enjoyed that Sherlock’s hands were still on his face. John hoped he wasn’t reading too much into the gesture.
John worked him through the tremors, and he shuddered against him, knowing that if that were true, anything in the world could be fixed.
A glance back at the warship confirmed Sherlock was right; to John’s alarm, winged wizard’s henchmen were being spat out the back of the warship like watermelon seeds.
When Watson’s face faded, till he was only one man rather than two, the gravity of his expression made him even harder to look at. In a hushed voice, Watson asked, “Do you think he’d like it, if he knew that’s what you hear him say?”
Sherlock was a touch shy, a touch odd, frighteningly intelligent, and wholly charming. John was completely taken in. John had the immediate urge to spend as much time as possible with him, and oddly enough, Sherlock acquiesced.
This in a way was accurate, and he wondered briefly if he had jeopardized his position by being so inattentive. Luckily, Wilkes seemed to enjoy complaining about being abandoned more than actually minding it.
He tried to protest, but only managed to make a disgruntled sound in indignation. In the end, was he really so obvious?
The man lifted his hand, and with his eyes never straying from John’s, pushed one long finger into his gorgeous mouth.
“I’m fine,” Watson said, with a tight-lipped smile and his eyes turned down.  “Did you get what you came here for?”
And of course Sherlock kissing him by accident, even though they hadn’t understood it, hadn’t helped John banish those thoughts. Not in the slightest.
He didn’t, but he didn’t step back either. John cleared his throat. “Yes, I made it back fine with those boots you brought me. I got a dog too.”
“You can’t just magic yourself better?” John asked as he set to work, Sherlock oddly docile as John slipped his shirt off his shoulder. “How did you get yourself mended before I arrived?”
“I suppose Jim does, yes,” he replied, noncommittal. He imagined John relied on Moriarty’s overseership of the place more than he knew.
“I have to! You know that. I work for a blasted salary, and I can’t afford to leave him. It’s this or some other hell of my brother’s choosing. Presumably this is the better of evils,” he replied, calmer by the time he reached the conclusion. He had accepted this already, he was not going to expose his frustrations. This wasn’t part of his planned departure from John.
The Colonel also bid them adieu, though with much more class, and glancing at Sherlock specifically in sympathy. The man obviously had a false understanding of his character, helped along by the newspaper articles.
“They do, yeah.” John wondered what sorts of trouble Sherlock had gotten into before that had allowed him to learn that lesson, while Sherlock’s hand, suspended in the air for the duration of their conversation, at last hit wood. Once short, and then again, in three sharp raps.
“I’m to bed, I think,” Mrs Hudson said, returning to the door she had appeared from, “but feel free to stay, John.”
“No,” John said, still staring at The Science of Deduction, personal blog of Sherlock Holmes. Just then on the screen, all the reporters’ mobiles at the press junket went off.
“Sherlock, we need to leave now, forget about the Witch,” John said, eyes on their only exit out through the greenhouse.
“And you prevented his execution?” John asked. Somehow in his eagerness, John seemed much younger than his years.
“God, I love you,” John whispered, sounding as if the words had been wrenched out of him. “I love you, so much, more than I even know how to say.”
John’s eyes unconsciously drifted towards the bridge’s entrance, and the window in the door. “Who knows,” John eventually responded. “Maybe this planet just isn’t cut out for the bots.”
He wondered if while John looked away, John was able to imagine he was dancing with Mary once more, or if his own too-tall frame and curveless form prevented the illusion.
“It’s fine,” John said, unable to stay angry when Sherlock acted so pitiful. “We’ll just have to mop the stairs later.”
Having Sherlock Holmes lead him up the stairs into his home at 221B Baker Street was something akin to being at a theme park. The illustrators had at least gotten that bit right, it seemed. There was a knife through the mail on the mantel, a hastily assembled chemistry set in the kitchen, god only knew what in the fridge, cigarettes stuffed into slippers, and the walls adorned with skull paintings—not to mention the actual skulls. It was the home of a true eccentric.
Moriarty went on twisting the handle of the door, and then looked up at him again. Moriarty was watching his eyes, hesitating before replying, and when he spoke his voice was quieter even, and more toneless, than it had been before.
John had ducked out to Tesco Express, which only afforded Sherlock a narrow time window. Too many factors to consider for a confident estimate—John fighting with technology at the store, John attempting to find sales, John chatting up a woman in the queue. In any event, Sherlock couldn’t risk it.
“It’s all right, shh, yeah, that’s it,” John said, voice still low and sweet. “I’m going to help you get back outside, all right?”
Once the transformation was complete, they turned to face John looking mostly human. Specifically like a human man. However, John was not going to be making any assumptions there, as from his very rudimentary understanding of aliens, they did not necessarily align with the human gender construct.
It was much smaller than the Hudson, appearing to be no larger than a shuttle, typically used for transport between neighbouring planets. If they’d been going head to head in the ships themselves, John would have had the advantage. John cursed Sherlock twice over for putting them at a disadvantage.
“Yes, we met briefly in town.” John wondered if Sherlock truly did not recall. “Soldiers, dark blob men, walking on air—any of that ringing a bell for you?”
“It’s hardly the same, I’m never thinking about what electric burns look like on a corpse versus a living body, or the change in the speed of a bullet as it goes through plywood, or any of the stuff you’re ever thinking about.”
Vision still hazy, John focused on the nurse at his bedside, who had been checking his chart, and was now standing at his elbow.
John’s focus on him was more inquisitive than he was used to. What John sought to find, he didn’t know.
John hid a smile behind his hand, as well as the beginnings of a flush across his face. John was pleased then. His plan was working.
“That I’m possibly insane about you,” John said with a laugh. “Literally quite barmy. Anything but repulsed. Attracted, I think the word is.”
Which was how he came to be in the unenviable position of official companion to the infamous Sebastian Wilkes.  The dislike was mutual, but Wilkes coveted the image of his social status above even his own personal comfort. Having a personal companion was all the rage, and spoke to his growing wealth.
As soon as the deed was done, he ran. He had seen Sherlock’s head luckily turn towards the man who had just been shot rather than the window. As was the theme of the evening, John ducked around a street corner to watch from afar.
“Sir,” the woman who led John in announced, “the Great Wizard Sigerson has sent a representative in his place.”
“Squeeze,” John whispered and started to thrust again, mouth hot against the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Once the police arrived, one body was brought out on a stretcher, and the other on his own two feet. John approached the newly erected yellow tape line to get a closer look. Paramedics dealt with Sherlock briefly, and the man John had recognised as Lestrade from the press conference was talking to Sherlock, who sat on the back of an ambulance. Just as John decided he no longer had even a flimsy excuse to stay watching on, Sherlock’s eyes met his across the crime scene.
“Sentiment,” Sherlock said, spinning away from the windows, just managing to take stock of the fire’s progress through the house. “The true motive. You killed Mary out of sentiment.”
He grasped at John’s shoulders frantically, and John eventually drew away, allowing himself to be pulled back up till they were lying face to face. Without prompting, John wrapped his left hand back around Sherlock’s cock, now wet from John’s mouth, and began to pump. He could feel John’s wedding ring, warmed by the friction, pressing against his skin on every downstroke. Sherlock moaned helplessly, as John leaned forward to kiss it from him.
“Oh no, not at all. Just the right amount,” Watson said, eyes warm on Sherlock’s puffed sleeves and high-neck collar. “But certainly attention grabbing. Bad news on the road, but an excellent choice, I understand, for the events of the evening planned tonight.”
“You’re a nuisance,” he called, though if he were being honest, he was only pretending he didn’t want to return to the other beach. John wasn’t with him now. There was no one to be disapproving. And he was rather curious.
He looked amongst all of them, focussing most of all on John. John was completely frozen to the spot. Harry and Clara were still staring up at him, but Lestrade was also watching John.
He didn’t provide a response, instead moving forward into the room to meet John mid-way, where they stood in front of one another. John was beaming up at him, and he couldn’t help but smile back. He realized they hadn’t been separated for a night since they’d been married, and he didn’t know what their greeting was. He felt the overwhelming urge to lean down and give John a kiss, but he wasn’t sure how this would be received. Perhaps a hug would be appropriate? He could settle for that, or clasping each others’ hands?
Sherlock peered at a smudge beside the number. It looked like it might be an ‘M’. But then, every bloody thing Mary wrote had an ‘M’. “John,” he said, holding the diary out. “What would you say that smudge most resembles?”
In the following early morning, after John and Sherlock stumbled back in from their case, Sherlock returned to Manderley’s lodge gates once more.
“Yes,” Lestrade responded, and he was fully alert now, trying to suss out what he was being asked. Lestrade clearly suspected this conversation might not end well.
John’s expression suggested that he now doubted it very much, even though he had been the one to state the supposition. “Got that wrong, did I?” he asked.
“With the both of you so inhospitable,” Magnussen commented, turning from them to calmly sit down in John’s arm chair. “It’s impressive you’ve managed to maintain your family reputation for as long as you have.”
If Molly hadn’t been looking right at him, John might have given into the urge to smack his head against the side of his desk. Why did it have to be him?
“Oh no, Mr Watson,” Magnussen said, standing from John’s armchair at last. “Quite the opposite. I want to buy something from you.”
“I think it will be helpful to Mrs Hudson’s shop, as you’re about to find out.” Sherlock then flicked his wrist, and the diamond-shaped wheel snicked past the pink, and the green, till the arrow landed on black.
Sherlock hadn’t drank in a week. He never did on a case; feeding slowed him down. Even with his puerile drinking practices, he couldn’t allow himself even the chance of becoming… worked up.
“No, Mr Moriarty oversees all the dusting in the morning-room,” Lestrade replied. He noticed Lestrade didn’t say Moriarty actually
“Yes, you’ve made that quite plain,” Sherlock replied, smiling a bit at his expense, and looking rather smug.
At first, John was awestruck. His imagination had always been fuzzy on the details, ever-changing, bits and pieces of a face drawn from many that John had perhaps seen and admired. It was strange to see them all assembled together with an odd grace, in an unique arrangement of features that was somehow exactly what he had pictured.
John drew back, lips pursed. Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was a trick of the eye, but he thought John might have mouthed ‘heterosexual’ under his breath.
With efficiency, Sherlock explained that the authorities would need to be informed about a stolen horse and thieves on the road. Stamford relayed the details to a servant, but by then, the issue was far from Sherlock’s mind. He was ready to begin their little game.
), but still Sherlock found his curiosity wasn’t satisfied. The combination of hating having John out of his sight and his poor impulse control had resulted in the perhaps bit not good habit of following John. Only occasionally.
Lestrade nodded, amiable, but clearly curious why the master had decided to join him for a walk in. He motioned forward with a smile to ease Lestrade's mind, and they began to walk along the lane toward the house.
John’s face must have spoken volumes because Greg quickly amends this with “Okay, okay, yes, I know that’s all a bit ridiculous and I’m not saying I think this is– what your client thinks it is– but this woman, she just knew things. It was uncanny, some of the stuff would really amaze you. Sort of like him, you know?“
John’s panic shifted to steadiness in the face of a situation he could strategize. His first instinct was to run straight for the cloud, except he knew he might need something from the Hudson. He reboarded, not bothering to take his suit off, and returned to the living area.
“Ah yes, we’re at war." Sherlock seemed to have just recalled it. “And you were a soldier, put on the same battlefield as witches and wizards. Did you see who cast the spell on you?”
He turned the knob slowly, and pushed in. While the room itself was in complete and utter darkness, he could still smell the staleness of the place. The closed shutters allowed not even a sliver of light to pass through, but once his eyes adjusted he could see the outline of furniture swathed in white sheets for keeping off the dust. He stepped into the room, his hand still on the door. He could see the outline of a bed in the center of the room.
John had offered him the seat intended for himself, partly out of politeness, but largely to increase the distance between himself and Wilkes. It did not escape his notice that Wilkes must have asked the young man to go all the way to his room to retrieve the letter after recognizing John in the dining room. John was familiar with Wilkes’ elbow-rubbing breed, which was in fact his reason for traveling outside of England, and was resigned to the inevitable unpleasantness of the conversation.
“What do you mean not at the moment - and who would leave that for -” John started and stopped, before all the colour drained from his face, replaced by a truly thunderous expression. “Moriarty,” John said, his voice a low rumble, and his grip on the case tightening. Sherlock could not remember ever seeing John this angry before, not even for the brief moment John had believed Sherlock had planned to dress as Mary - not in this way, with quiet, coiled fury, ready to be unleashed.
“You have an occasional limp in your leg and tremor in your hand, both of which you resent as their source is the psychological rather than the physical. Physical injuries would be nobler to you, I believe. You once considered a very different life from the one you have now, I think. Perhaps medicine, considering your caretaker tendencies, like the ones you’ve displayed towards me, and the fact that you don’t smoke. Not commonly accepted, but some medical professionals believe it can’t be good for the lungs. ”
He remembered the dream John touching his hair, and the real John kissing his hair, and so he reached for him. His hand passed through the frame, and met with John’s shoulder. John was smiling at him, gently, in the way John did when he was listening to him. It was a direct and open expression. John looked expectant, but he didn’t know what the other man wanted.
“He’s spoiled Watson, that’s his trouble. Anyone else would give their eyes for the chance to see Monte.”
His earlier amusement over John’s sister and her glibness left him at once. He suddenly felt the strong desire to boast of John’s hand in life, and his Manderley.
“The buoy is still there in the little harbour, so there used to be a boat moored there,” he stated, rather than continue with that thought.
“- you think I don’t know you’re up to something, when you send Lestrade away while I’m out?” He had expected anger, but had never heard John more resigned, more beaten down. Before he heard the other voice, he knew who must have been in the room with him.
His interest in John does in fact turn out to be much more like a virus, intent on invading and usurping its host. Sherlock has lost any previous semblance of control and is unable to resist the daily temptation of seeking John out. Sherlock begins to test the limits of his previously careful observation approach, such as how close he can possibly get without being noticed. One time he sits directly across from John. He maintains distance by holding a newspaper in front of his face, which allows him brief glances of the other man when he flips the pages. At one point their eyes meet and Sherlock quickly lifts the newspaper to cover his burning cheeks.
“Yes, nearly on par with your interpretations of our cases.” He smiled around his own pipe, his face beginning to ache from it.
“John, dear,” Mrs Hudson said, watching this display with thinly veiled amusement. “Sherlock will make it back to the castle. He always does.”
“Oh, don’t play dumb Mr Watson,” Magnussen murmured. “Though I’ve been told you often don’t need to play at it. I suppose there are no secrets between you and your husband. Shall I speak plainly?”
John stays close to the platform edge while Sherlock moves further back near the wall where he can observe without fear of being noticed. John’s face is truly capable of conveying many different emotions at once – he currently appears to be annoyed and resigned, while also contemplating whether he has enough time to buy a pack of gum from the kiosk further down the platform.
do you always just know things like that?” John said, a bit thrown by the sudden change of topic. “And no, I havent.”
“No, but I want to,” he said, and spurred on by John’s concern for him, widened his mouth and lowered himself to swallow the head of John’s cock.
“I wonder why the county paper would want to speak with you,” Moriarty pondered aloud, rubbing his chin and looking upwards.
Mike’s box-like outside frame was still mostly intact, and the alien began by opening the front panel. The alien paused after completing this task and, to John’s momentary horror, the alien’s stomach began to concave as stubs grew out from the sides of their torso. The stubs shortly turned into another set of arms, hands forming at their ends, and the creature’s upper body thinned as if to allow for the redistribution of its mass.
A groan from behind Sherlock drew their attention away from one another, and to the man currently bleeding out onto the ship’s floor.
, and the Coroner was asking him if he had worked on Mrs Watson’s boat. Did they honestly have to reestablish the obvious? Was this going to finish while they were all still alive?
Offering John a dark, gloved hand, with his torso bending at the waist, head ducking down, dark eyelashes fanning out with eyebrows mere brush strokes above them, the man who was Sherlock said, “Yes, I’m him.”
“Hudson!” John called, stepping into the ship’s main area when the antechamber door slid open. “Do we have anything like language education on board?”
“I’m sorry,” John said, and his voice was wrecked with true emotion. “I know I’ve done this all wrong. I’ve asked you the wrong way. I told you the other day, I don’t know what to do with you.”
“Now that we’ve established that,” John continued, his smile grim. “Either tell me you know how to break the spell that’s on me, or kindly leave.”
“Quite well,” he murmured, having forgotten there was another person with him at all, and wishing to be alone.
the man replied. His hand escalated at the end with a flourish, while mouthing the word ‘adult’ to make it seem particularly unsavoury.
“We don’t have a car, we can’t actually do a real stakeout. There’s no sign of anybody. Why don’t we go into the house, quickly, quietly, keep the lights off, and wait in there, hmm?” John says, beginning to rock back and forth to get the feeling back into his legs.
A little old lady with advanced osteoporosis and a thick wool jumper the colour of peonies, who opened the door with a confused expression. They were not expected.
“Ran out of books to read?” John guessed. Sherlock’s eyes looked to the left, before they nodded stiffly.
Sherlock listened to John busying himself in the kitchen. He was making a show of putting away the shopping, banging items down and shelving them with vigour, even though they both always left Mrs Hudson do the rest of it in the end. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
He eventually reached the door that he recalled Moriarty appearing from behind, the first time he had gone snooping. Based on his judgments made from the outside of the house, the position of the room would make it the one whose windows looked out upon the lawns to the sea.
“Since you called me John at the falls.” Watson’s frown deepened. “If it is too familiar, I understand—”
“Everything! Is ruined!” was Sherlock’s only retort. “I’ll have to dump all my wash potions and start from scratch!”
Watson managed to keep one hand on the wheel.  He thought that Watson might stop the car and pull over again, but their speed if anything only increased.
“I’m not finished. A man of your status could never have gone that route however, so you had actually once seriously considered pursuing a military career. I believe you even trained for it for a time, which might explain your posture and general neatness, before you had to abandon the ambition. Likely due to responsibilities – your parents’ death forcing you to become proper master of Manderley.”
Sherlock’s earlier unyielding interest had returned, and he was waiting for John to answer. To John’s alarm, there was something about sitting so near the person he had imagined himself in love with for decades, something that made John want to loosen his iron grip on those exact thoughts and feelings.
It was the longest period John had gone without experiencing pain in his chest, the energy of the ever-changing castle infectious, and John felt put to good use.
Sherlock watches him exit the car, with his own heart beating quickly. Sherlock catches a glimpse of his reflection in the window where his pupils are the size of saucers. Sherlock has long ago abandoned having a reason for taking the train.
John Watson’s life became a monotony of waiting in the wake of his wife’s death, as a part of him was convinced he would eventually be discovered. John, not unlike the estate he was overseer to, was a dead weight, barely self-sustaining.
Watson cleared his throat. “Well, all the same, it was brilliant of you to have already known, before her confession.”
“Maybe you should keep better track of your staff,” the Queen said with a brittle smile, “so we wouldn’t find ourselves in these messes. Would the King want the war won on the backs of self-ruined wizards?”
Sherlock met his eyes and nodded, and then focussed very intently on their hands, still touching his collar bone and shoulder.
“What do you mean now what?” Sherlock responds, as he moves into the living room. “We’re waiting that’s what. Coming in here was your idea.”
John watched his face when he leaned back in, seeming anxious about Sherlock’s reaction. It was clear to him now that John hadn’t known, he hadn’t ever known how Sherlock thought or felt. John had only had brief, doubtful glimpses into how deeply Sherlock’s devotion ran.
“I've got her engagement diary locked in my room,” Moriarty said, his eyes gleaming. Sherlock wondered if Moriarty had always intended to use such a thing as blackmail, or if that wasn’t Moriarty’s game. He thrived on unrest, but never seemed to act for personal petty gain. It was what made him difficult to predict.
Obvious. And he’d walked right into it, trusting a suggestion from a stranger. As he’d always expected, Moriarty was no mere servant. He had strings he could pull from anywhere. And if Moriarty wanted to torment someone, they would be tormented.
Before reading the guide, John wondered if the contents would err on the side of the clinical, or the pornographic. What he discovered, after copying and pasting the link into his web browser, was a strange mix of both.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, brows raised in surprise at John’s frankness. “Yes! That. Were you trying to be
“Do you already know... how I knew about the case?” John asked, tentative, shifting even further forward in the chair.
“Watson,” he said, glad that his voice didn’t catch, “you would have fathered a child scandalously young for that to be true.”
Sherlock pressed his lips to the tissue in response, and John made no protest. He began to undo John’s belt, and John made no protest to that either. Sherlock’s normally fast hands moved more clumsily than usual. He swallowed once, hard. John took over for him, and removed his own trousers and pants in one go, easing them down his thighs, and then turning on his side to get them the rest of the way. There was no self consciousness now that his scar was uncovered, and truthfully, there was nothing to be self conscious about. Sherlock couldn’t help but take in the sight - John’s body was perfect, proportionally and aesthetically, he was sure of it. It reminded him of a drawing by an old painter, whose name he’d erased for some such reason.
For the hundredth time, John’s gaze refocused on the drained mini-bag. “Okay. Yeah. Maybe there’s more. Like where do those come from?” John asked, waving in its vague direction.
No, Sherlock thought, in fact he understood it was rather euphoric for the donator when it was done right, not that he’d ever—
“Oh, yes!” she cried. “Silly me, never even asked you for your name. And Sherlock isn’t in at the moment. He’s always doing who knows what at all hours, but you can wait for him here if you like.”
The man held the end of the sheet there, just under the curve of his arse. For a moment, it seemed he might not actually go further, ending the entire production as just a tease.
“Temperature hardly matters, and I’ve observed the currents are not very strong. The sea here is perfectly safe.”
The subject had been promptly dropped again. Several days later, John was looking into the mirror over the mantle, and caught sight of Sherlock in it as if he were seeing him for the first time. John had pointed at him. Or rather, the image of him reflected in the mirror glass.
He pushed John backward, until the backs of his thighs hit the remains of a fallen tree in the clearing, the log the perfect height for leaning back against. He cupped John’s face in his hands to kiss him once, twice, and a third time, each softer than the last, before drawing away. John looked at him questioningly. Perhaps John thought he would now suggest they return to the house, rather than kissing in the mist where anyone could find them. John was quite mistaken.
“The bedrooms are never shown to the public,” he said, “only the hall and the gallery, and the room below.” Moriarty paused an instant, feeling him with his eyes. "Not at least, when she was alive.”
Moriarty had been helpful the previous afternoon, arguably too helpful, and then had disappeared again as soon as he had the chance. It was not a difficult deduction to conclude that Moriarty wanted them to meet with this Murray, meaning Moriarty must have known what they would discover from the Doctor. But then - could Moriarty have always possessed the power to destroy John? And if so, why now? It didn’t make sense. Nothing made sense. Unless -
They went down to the bay together, picked up by the magistrate, Colonel Barclay, and the captain of the ship they had met the day before. The lighter was already out on the water by the time they arrived, despite it being half past five, ready to drag the boat up from the water. John was right in thinking that Sherlock would never have voluntarily stood and watched the process. It seemed to take ages, watching as the crane was lowered, and eventually, as the chain pulled, the hull of the sailboat breaking the water’s surface. Looking on as the water spilled out from the boat’s sides, Sherlock still holding John’s cold hand in his, thinking about Mary’s body being there inside the cabin.
Sherlock shuddered, eyes turning to the door, wondering if he could warn them all before it was too late.
“Right, because turning into a bat is a perfectly reasonable myth,” John said, and then listed out, “Garlic, crosses, holy water? Anything?”
His mind should have been focused on useful considerations, like the soil samples he’d collected. Instead, it revolved around the same two thoughts: the first, that John Hamish Watson had asked him to call him John, and the second, and perhaps more astonishing, that John’s lips had been pressed against his head. John’s lips had then remained, against his head, for a full twenty-two seconds. These were admittedly much more pleasant than thoughts on dirt.
Molly’s head was blocked from John’s view by her monitor, but he could still see her hands moving and hear the soft sounds of words being mouthed. John felt a bit bad for dumping that on her, but maybe the man would be better behaved with a woman. He wouldn’t actually try to get her to call the line again, would he?
David’s jaw clenched. “You’re both bloody psychopaths!” he stammered out. “Enjoy your last night together!” he cried, before turning on his heel and rushing out the opened door.
Moriarty’s grip on his arm became vice-like. His white skull face was gleaming, his eyes almost black. “Did you know? The rocks battered her to bits,” Moriarty sung, low and sweet, like a lullaby.
“I was starting to think you didn’t have a name,” John said, and Irene laughed. It didn’t make her any more likeable, John thought.
The Captain was clearly distraught from performing his role as messenger, but luckily did not seem to be drawing any conclusions that he would voice out loud. “All we know sir, is that the body is there, and I’m sorry Mr Watson, but we’ll have to report it. I apologize for dragging your names through the papers once more, but there’s no way to get around it. I realize how difficult this must be on both of you, with the two of you here, settling down together, and then this has to come in -”
Moriarty leaned closer, and rocked his head from side to side. The movement was off beat with the ticking of the clock.
Very! But you probably want more than that. It’s as if I’ve spent all my life at best just grazing the top of content, glad, appeased, but with you, it’s—it’s—
John took a moment to respond, looking towards David in annoyance. “I’ve haven’t read the note sir, so I can’t comment.” Sherlock searched John for any trace of jealousy, and of course, found none. Sherlock knew it was not just wishful thinking on his part - John clearly disliked David for what he was doing now, but not what he had done with John’s wife before.
“And you knew before she came into the room,” Watson said, remembering. “You knew it was her the entire time?”
Magnussen’s lips twitched. “Allow me then to state my purpose. What if I told you that there is a piece of evidence, one that would cast some doubt on Mary wanting to kill herself?”
This was not the first time John had received this directive, nor did he expect that it would be the last. BAK 2212 required more bot repairs than any other planet monitored by their exploration company. While John’s last few visits had been relatively painless, John knew that if the Hudson had been dispatched, this trip would not be a quick job. John wasn’t particularly thrilled about the prospect, and neither would Greg be, when he heard.
When Sherlock’s slack jawed gasps were frequent and his shaking hands clenched and unclenched along John’s back, John remembered that Sherlock preferred to have the finger removed during orgasm, and imagined that applied to cocks as well. John slipped out in time for Sherlock to shout out a startled, warbled groan against the top of John’s head, rut up against John’s stomach, and come against John’s chest, all before John could even reach down to assist.
Amidst the giggling, after both had enjoyed the insufficient wash up that the cloth offered, Sherlock turned on his side and asked, “What was the name of your girlfriend? She used some terrible pseudonym online.”
Leaning over his desk to open his laptop again, John expected to find a new sexually adventurous email from his soon to be ex on the proper use of rope or silk ties, only to find a reply. From SH.
“It must be getting on half past twelve. Do you know your way now?” Moriarty asked, with exaggerated concern in his tone.
This realization caused John to momentarily still. He was lying on top of something that matched the colouration of the crater around him perfectly, but which he could feel was different from the ground even through his suit. And he felt certain that, whatever it was, it was alive.
What? No comment? Don’t act like you don’t have an opinion. You used to have opinions on my personal grooming before we were even together.
John hadn’t realised he’d been speaking anything out loud, which prompted him to twist in his chair to look around the office. Luckily, it was just him. Even Molly had taken off.
John stops looking at the ceiling. Then what is it? About, I mean. You never have just one reason for asking something, do you?
“Dr Davenshaw, I presume?” Sherlock offers his hand and an affected smile, though the latter had been growing less fake as of late.
Sherlock smiles far too wide for someone who has very recently been kidnapped and held hostage in a crawlspace for almost 24 hours. Still, he sighs dramatically. “And here I’d thought you finding me meant you’d solved the case on your own. “
Wilkes had apparently made a miraculous recovery, and was organizing a soirée in his room. How he’d managed to smooth things over with the previously dismissed nobodies (now considered somebodies) was unclear. Wilkes had a way with these things, and now almost the entirety of the Hotel Cote d'Azur was to be entertained in Wilkes' generously-sized hotel room.
He must have been spotted, for the person standing there suddenly drew away from the window. However, there was another figure behind them, and their arm reached forward to close the shutters.
John barely twitched as Sherlock stitched up the reopened wounds, neat and meticulous, already well on their way to healing.
Except that once he and Lady Norton returned downstairs to join everyone in the drawing room, Lady Norton proceeded to flirt and prattle away at John rather than make the damn suggestion. John had clearly just woken, realized the guests had arrived while he’d been asleep, and hurried downstairs. In spite of this, John was playing the part of welcoming host quite well. Perhaps too well.
The same spine tingling feeling he had felt in his shoulder now spread through his leg, with the entire exchange occurring in the few seconds they had before the poacher slammed the electric prod against Sherlock’s additional limb, sending an electric shock that traveled into both John and Sherlock.
The following day, John attempted to play chess with Sherlock at the game board, but they were not well-matched. Sherlock’s strategy was infinitely better than his own, and Sherlock’s patience infinitely less.
“Just like when you didn’t give us all the facts around Howard’s disappearance, leaving out that bit about the flowers. I think there’s still more you neglected to mention,” John guesses largely on a hunch but the silence on the other end seems to say he’s right.
It wasn’t that her message was presumptuous (though it was), or that he was offended by her offer (which he wasn’t). It was the implication that John, a bloody doctor, needed a guide on how to palpate a prostate. She couldn’t have forgotten that, could she?
Sherlock bit his lip, and coaxed himself to say the words. “I truly am sorry, about that as well as everything else, but I am being honest now. Will you let me John? Or is it too late?”
John swallowed, and licked the corner of his lip. “How do I know you’ve got anything of the kind? And how would you come to have a letter written to a lover?”
John’s misplaced guilt was not what Sherlock had wanted to trigger. “That wasn’t your fault, John,” Sherlock stressed. “And I won’t let anyone hurt us, not any more. Not when we’re—together.”
From all of this, he concluded that John was not a liar. John wouldn’t make love to someone when he was not yet fully prepared to give over that part of himself. He respected that, and knew he would appreciate it more when he knew without a doubt that John was his. This recognition did not, however, make it any more possible to endure.
“Get him changed!” she yelled at Lestrade, pulling John after her as they all watched John struggling to draw breath. He made to follow after them,
“A mysterious stranger,” he murmured to Gladstone, his only audience, “and I thought it was going to be boring around here.”
Sherlock seemed uninterested in going into further detail, and instead continued to search John’s face with their keen pale eyes.
John resisted looking down at Sherlock, who was still sitting next to him, wagging his short tail. There was a history between him and the Witch of Belgravia, the kind that made John want to keep them separated by any means necessary.
“You’ve done quite a bit with the place - I doubt this was John’s work,” she commented, waving toward the string of lights. “You know I may have underestimated you.”
