John wanted to embrace her – he didn't hate her, he was too weary for hatred, and she was leaving without a fuss, far more mature than he'd have done – but he didn't. He held himself stiff and unyielding, unforgiving, a grudge-holder. "All right. Call me."
He didn't need to tidy, he knew that. Sherlock had never given a damn about fussily neat interiors. Just the same, John darted about, uncharacteristically nervous, plumping pillows and straightening up surfaces that had already been straightened up, because there was nothing left to do. He'd come home early, stopping at a bakery for a little chocolate layer cake, and prepped the salad and lasagna, the sort of food Sherlock liked when he was in eating mode. (Of course Sherlock was still ridiculously fit, the bugger – if John didn't know that Sherlock handed his clothes down to his homeless network after a couple of years' wear, he'd swear that Sherlock was still wearing the same stuff he'd had on the day they'd met.)
I owe a million and six thanks to kimberlite and vilestrumpet, the universe's most fabulous beta and britpick team for helping me with this GINORMOUS chapter. All errors are mine.
Sherlock met the cabbie's eyes in the mirror. He was about to deny her assertion, then nodded wearily. "Yep."
Henry dragged the rope up from round Tom's neck and secured the cloth again. He rocked back on his heels, then noticed the knife Benedict had used to cut the ropes on Tom's wrists. "Well now. That was a close shave, wasn't it?" He held the point under Tom's chin. "Those are my good knives, you spoilt little shit." Heaving himself to his feet with a grunt, Henry stared down at Tom, his chest rising and falling rapidly. He bit his lower lip in consternation, then bent and sliced at the rope binding Tom's ankles.
Benedict fumbled for Mycroft's phone and found his number. It was getting late, Mycroft probably didn't want to be disturbed, but too bloody bad.
"You still think Cumberbatch could have sorted out what happened to you and then rescued you? Please." Benedict's lip curled, and he took another step forward.
A hurried confab was held, reluctant permission granted. A tech and a nurse escorted him to her room.
Who had Meredith Howe phoned at ten o’clock in the evening? First things first:  find the main switchboard and follow the lines outward if necessary. She'd dialled the phone tree, not a specific line, but the duration of the call had been one minute and forty-three seconds – thank goodness for no password protection – longer than the racecourse's automated message. So had she waited a bit to hang up, or had she actually spoken to someone?
"Are you okay?" John frowned down at Sherlock's leg. He'd been limping a bit the other day, but this was much worse. "Did you sprain something?"
"Why not?" Mycroft rose as well and strolled to the window. He parted the dusty curtain and peered down at the street. Sherlock's London was buzzing, buzzing, but he was disconnected from it. Entirely unacceptable.
Doing his utmost to control the shaking in his hands, Benedict reached for the front of Mycroft's trousers.
TWH reached out his hand. Sherlock was prepared to snatch his own away if Tom got gluey and patted him again, but Tom only grasped Cumberbatch's phone and drew it close. He tapped the screen a few times, then held it up to his ear. "Mark? Hi, it's Tom Hiddleston. Hi."
"Naturally I was," Moran said. He seated himself and crossed his legs, folding his hands atop one knee. "I was devastated to hear of her death."
He was relieved, in retrospect. Because it hadn't been Sherlock after all, and now he didn't have to deal with the fallout that would have almost certainly occurred. And it hadn't been one of his finer moments, anyhow; he'd never have just grabbed a woman and snogged her without at least tacit permission, much less chided her angrily about not responding properly afterwards. Anyone who'd do that was an arsehole, in John's book, and deserved to be slugged. But John had been the one doing the slugging. Oh, God, what a mess. Best to put the whole thing behind him.
"It's only for another year and a half," Sherlock said with a shrug. "You might as well start looking for a decent secondary day school for her if you insist on keeping her at home."
offered the case, but surely he hadn't meant it. He feared a rebuff, and feared kindness more. "Oh, darling, it's not that simple. Come on, here we are." They got off the carriage. John dropped his pub change into the cup of the homeless man who often occupied the grating near the tube station.
Some readers have expressed confusion over the flashback dates. Accordingly, I have made date headers that precede the flashbacks for each chapter. I hope this helps! Thanks very much. :)
John's emotions were palpable, though; he was crap at concealing them, even though he thought he presented a stoic front. It might have been poking at a wasps' nest, but Benedict couldn't help it. "Can I ask
John all right? Benedict didn't know. The last he'd seen of John was his prone figure on the floor of the cottage, unceremoniously dragged over its threshold.
Molly stepped out of the dressing room. “What do you think?” She didn’t wear dresses often, but this one would do for work or for socialising. If she had a chance to socialise sometime, obviously. Maybe.
"Oh, sod it. Right?"  He ripped the tape off, and Sherlock flinched, though his eyes still only fluttered. "Sherlock," Jim said, patting Sherlock's reddened cheek. "Sherrr-lock. Wake up, darling. Early bird gets the worm."
Henry pushed Tom ahead of him, prodding him with the sharp knife. Tom searched Sherlock's eyes anxiously, then moved close and pressed his cheek against Sherlock's, a defiant and…and admittedly a touching little gesture. Sherlock inhaled the sharp tinge of Tom's fear-infused sweat, and leant into Tom's body, just to reassure him a bit, but swayed a little to maintain his demeanour of disorientation.
After that it had been easy to establish his patterns, to follow him at will. He'd watched him more than a dozen times on the Tube, to his music lessons (he'd quit at eighteen, following an angry argument with his instructor – Jim had strained to hear but the walls had been too thick), to concerts (it was the only time he'd ever seen those glacial eyes soften, watching Itzhak Perlman), to classes (chemistry, chemistry, chemistry – snore), once to a scary house in Bromley where, hours later, Sherlock had stumbled out glassy-eyed, high as a kite, and it had been a real temptation to catch up with him. Later, he followed Sherlock on a few cases, to watch him work, darting here and there, hands flashing, eyes blazing. It had been impressive, and James Padraic Hubert Moriarty was not among the easily impressed. Only then did Jim think of himself as a fan. The thing with Carl's shoes hadn't been a fluke.
What was she banging on about? Sherlock closed the door and followed her into the kitchen. "Yes. Well. Electrical shocks don't really work that way if the current is low."
"Nothing obvious. I thought it was a bit too neat that she was acquainted with…with Charles Magnussen, who was inordinately interested in information that I possessed – information that could only be obtained through you. You don't find that unusual? Bit of a
A note on some of the italicized text, specifically referring to fanfic:  The first through third sections as well as the seventh section are mine, made entirely of whole cloth. The fourth, fifth, and sixth are quoted almost word for word from a romance novel called
Tom searched Sherlock's face. "You're grimacing like you're in pain," he said quietly. "We can leave if you're not feeling well."
Nora sounded more curious than concerned, which was entirely right, as she hardly knew Sherlock at all, but John stifled a sudden laugh – she sounded oddly like Sherlock. He wondered if Sherlock would have been amused by that. He thought so. "A bad person."
Sherlock shone his phone-light round the room. "Someone uses this room." He swept the beam across the desk and drew a gloved finger across the leather blotter. "It's not dusty." Moving across the expanse of faded Persian carpet, Sherlock sniffed intently. "Same smell…." He opened a large cabinet and illuminated it. Stacks of paper, blue leather ledgers, all dusty and unused. "Start looking around, John."
Mycroft grimaced. “Insufferable. Noisy, chaotic, and a breeding ground for all manner of absurdities. Thank God I was able to escape them when I went to university.”
all sorts of love. I've just got sex on the brain, that's all. I'm an actor. We're ninety percent libido." He grinned hopefully, and John finally smiled back. "John, thanks for showing me round. You're a sweetheart. It's been a great day. I've enjoyed myself for the first time since Thursday night."
"He placed Magnussen to intercept her. He began this long ago." Sherlock shook his head. Moriarty had hinted around that yesterday, hadn't he? But Sherlock had been too thick-witted to work it out. "John…you're not to blame for any of this. I am. And Mycroft."
"Look." Molly demonstrated, moving the woman's toes at an unnatural angle. "That's a little weird. Maybe she convulsed? She'd have been in a lot of pain."
Though Moriarty's touch was as impersonal as a medical tech, Sherlock's skin crawled, and he breathed harshly through his nose. He felt cool air as Moriarty pulled his trousers away and did his best not to flinch as the scissors made quick work of his underwear. He met Seb Moran's chilly gaze. "Enjoying this?"
John nodded and rubbed his hand along his leg. The sound of skin against ironed twill was oddly loud. “You didn’t put your lights up.”
.") and so an Amati violin would find its way to Sherlock's flat on his next birthday. Mycroft was certain that Sherlock would be properly ungrateful, and all would be well.
Shaking her head, Miranda went to the oven, opened it, and peered in. A swirl of warm shepherd’s pie-scented air wafted upward. “You know how I feel about shooting games, Greg.”
John rubbed his eyes. "What the hell is going on? What time is it, anyhow?" He checked his watch. "Jesus, half three. No wonder I feel like shit."
"You haven't worked it out yet, have you?" Henry smiled at him and patted his cheek. "Those letters? Hm?"
"Thank you." The window went back up, and the car pulled into traffic and out of sight, leaving Benedict on the pavement.
"Yes." Sherlock strode through the glassed-in exit and tossed the purloined ID badge into a decorative planter. He stopped outside the building and stared upward.
He'd come back. He had to come back. Mycroft was working on the problem, and he sounded perfectly at ease about the whole thing, but still – what if Sherlock never returned? John couldn't be friends with…Ben. It was like a weird sort of possession.
And then, Sherlock's grasp became ephemeral. Benedict clutched at the insubstantial hand, but his grip slipped away. The sphere in his hand glowed brighter and brighter still until its radiance blotted out the deep ocean of space and blinded him, and he felt himself fall. "Sherlock!"
John was standing on the threshold of the kitchen, worry – at least Sherlock thought it was worry…he hoped, just a little, that it was worry – creasing John's face, making him look slightly haggard. He didn't move, but watched the proceedings closely, his left hand opening and closing over and over again. Sherlock winked, and John's eyes lit up. "Hey," he said.
He paged through a magazine without seeing any of the pictures or articles. His last conversation with another doctor on Mary's case (he'd forgot the name of the doctor, a tall, stooped, wiry man with wire-rimmed spectacles), seven hours ago, clanged noisily in his head, obliterating any hope of distraction.
"Kiss me?" TWH moved forward and kissed Sherlock on the lips, tracing his tongue round the inside of Sherlock's mouth. He pulled back and cupped the back of Sherlock's clay-ridden head. "See you tomorrow?"
He couldn't resist, and reached out to touch the springy curl that fell over Sherlock's forehead. Sherlock shifted and opened his eyes. "Sorry," John said, only half meaning it.
Sherlock saw the faint tremor in Moran's fingers and the sweat gleaming beneath the signet ring on his right hand. "You considered her a friend?"
"I had an interesting conversation with her when John was searching for you," Mycroft interrupted. "Well. As interesting a conversation as one can have with a ten-year-old child. She asked some very pointed questions about where her father was going, so eventually I got a bit weary and told her the truth."
Tom smothered a chuckle. "Sleepyhead. All right, you can have it in a sandwich later." He went back downstairs, sat at the table, and tucked into his breakfast, desultorily turning the pages of
"On the sixteenth of December, someone called the course's main office number. Perfectly ordinary, except it was ten o'clock on a Saturday night and this person was at her own rather glitzy Christmas party. It wasn't the ticket office, which wouldn't have been open in any case, and I very much doubt she called to chat with a member of the cleaning staff or one of the chip shop workers. So who would she be calling? Any notion?”
"It's small." Mary slid a little flat package from between the cushions of the sofa and handed it to Nora. "Open it carefully."
"Ridiculous mop," Sherlock said. "Anyhow, it's not that short. Still a lot longer than yours." He let out a heavy sigh. "John."
"Keep it. Ensure that it remains fully charged. Don't shut it off, don't absent yourself from it for more than a minute."
Sherlock followed him into a dim room and stood in its centre as Moran went to the window and drew back the curtain, revealing more large paintings, more absurd furniture, more – he stopped, transfixed by the sight of a violin atop a soft cloth.
"Let's go. You first, Tom," Henry said, and jerked his chin toward the door. "Out to the car." When Tom hesitated, Henry dug the point of the knife into Benedict's neck. "Now." Benedict grunted in surprise and discomfort, and Tom saw a red smear against Ben's throat. He moved to the door and waited for Henry to open it, then walked outside.
It was a split second decision on his part; Taylor threw his hand up and shot, catching me in the chest. The pain was instantaneous, blinding me from the world. I crashed down to the ground, gasping, fighting for air. Please get out of here Sherlock! Blackness took me as I heard a second shot.
Mycroft and the two men walked in to stand in front of the couch. "Gentlemen I want you to meet Special Agent Lewis Anderson, and Special Agent Devin Travers. They will be bodyguards for the both of you and will be stationed in 221C. Abigail will be with Emmerson in 221A. Now then Gentleman and Lady will you be so kind as to give us a bit of privacy?"
Sherlock moaned as John pushed in and out of his opening for a moment, relishing the feeling of finally having anything in him, easing the burn. John pulled his fingers out and brought them up to his nose taking a deep wif.
Sherlock let out another sob, tears streaming down his face. Under his breath he kept saying John's name.
“Molly please, if were going to be stuck together for a while we might as well use our proper names.” Molly squeaked out turning red. Turning my full attention on Molly she turned bright red as I gave her an appreciative review, but she stood her ground and stared right back at me. Oh yes she will do just nicely, stunning, smart and a solid back bone. God the things I could do to her to make her blush even further.
Out of my coat pocket I pull the pistol I took from him after my first death. Place the chamber to my temple and pull the trigger.
“His doctors seemed hopeful, I'm not telling Sherlock yet but he’s in transport. They just left London and will be here in two hours.”
He couldn’t stand to be in the med bay anymore, and since his lovers had went off to check on Uhura he saw no qualms about escaping. He knew that hiding on the observation deck would be easy for them to find him, but still he just needed a few minutes to collect himself. This was not the first time that he had lost crew. In fact they were the numbers 67-72.
Sherlock watched as his brother walked to John, offering a handkerchief and a mug of coffee. John accepted both. A few words were said between the two before they turned and walked out of the cemetery together. Sherlock stood there for a few minutes just thinking of all the ways he could have hurt John worse. Nothing came to mind.
They think I’ve gone mad. Lestrade showed up at my flat with a full medical team. They tried to put me in hospital. I managed to run before they caught me. I’m not mad. I’m not mad. I’m not mad. Sherlock where are you? Why are you hiding?
Sherlock smiled devilishly, as John reached over and popped open Sherlock’s trousers, and let them drop to the ground. Of course Sherlock wasn't wearing pants. John grasped Sherlock’s swollen prick and gave it an experimental tug. Sherlock let out a breathy moan as a drop of pre-cum beaded at the tip.
John licked at Sherlock’s plush lips, seeking permission to enter. Sherlock sighed and allowed him to take command as John pushed in licking his tongue against Sherlock’s drawing a low moan from him. Sherlock rutted his hips to Johns feeling his erection against his own. Both men gasped aloud at the sensation.
"NO JOHN!" Lestrade screamed out in panic as John's body hit the water and went under. Three shots rang out and the preps fell to the ground, darts in their necks, unconscious.
“They are almost here, please head to the hospital if you wish to help, I'm going to send for the boys to come downstairs.”
It just wasn’t fair. Kirk had done everything right, he had fact checked, he had planned. He had even put himself in front of the phaser fire to protect his crew. Which is how he had almost died, and how the five guards had died to protect him and Uhura who was severely injured too.
"Wonderful, yes just like that." John moaned from above his hands finding Sherlock’s head, twining with the hair there, gently guiding him. Sherlock kept up an even pace twirling his tongue around the engorged head, licking at the slit as his hands moved up and down twisting gently on every other thrust.
The three men sat in a huddle with Kirk in the center crying silently for the fallen, for his two loves who make his life worth living, for the future until he cries himself to sleep.
"Now onto slightly more pressing matters, we need to alert D.I. Lestrade to your continued survival, today."
"Thanks." John replied as he pushed the fair through the payment slot, pulling Sherlock from the cab leading him to the front door. John was glad to notice that Mrs. Hudson was gone, hopefully for the weekend. Sherlock’s scent filled his head causing his erection to strain against his already tight trousers. He lead the way up the stairs noticing how his omega picked and pulled at his clothes, clearly irritating his skin.
The two men came round my head and picked me up under each armpit while their boss grabbed my legs. The movement causing me to scream out in pain.
He leaned down and placed a hand gently over Johns mouth and shook his shoulder with the other hand, gently whispering, "John, its ok it's me. You were right."
"Not a chance. I can't imagine anyone I would rather be with and like I said you will make an amazing father. You do want children don't you Sherlock?" Replied John with a hint of worry in his voice.
He smiled as he sucked harder nibbing at the glans on the underside of John’s penis on every upswing. John threaded his hand through his curls guiding Sherlock as his hips rose to meet every downward suck. Sherlock felt when John was tensing and sucked harder, hollowing his cheeks.
“Don’t fight it Sherlock, you will learn to love me, and we will have beautiful babies. Donovan would love another omega in the pack.” Growled Anderson low in his throat.
Damn it you little brat! If you let him know you’re alive or get him hurt for this I will personally kill you. The second that you leave that house you are going to be in my custody! -MH
“It was a case that went wrong. Lestrade was looking for a kidnapper and he couldn’t put the puzzle together so he went to John and they were trying to find the missing girl and the kidnapper. John miss stepped once and the kidnapper killed the little girl and himself. He couldn’t handle it. So he broke down again. He left the investigation and Lestrade tried to stop him and ended up getting his nose broken.”
John pulled Sherlock close to his chest, holding his omega close licking at the bond bite. "My wonderful amazing Omega."
My therapist was so scared that I would do this. Turns out she was right, she was right about a lot of things. Mary had helped a little in keeping me alive as long as she did but it just wasn't enough. It wasn't fair to her either, I am damaged goods. The only person I would ever love, gone. And now I would join him from where it all started.
Sherlock jumped up wiping his mouth on the back of his hand and crawled onto the edge of the bed sticking his arse in the air, presenting himself to his Alpha.
Lestrade won’t leave me alone. He keeps making me go to crime scenes and trying to do what you did. He says that I am the next best thing and that after all of those months I must have picked up something from you. I still don’t see everything but I think I see enough. Though the only thing that I want to see is you. Everywhere I look I see the absence of you. Every crime scene makes me think of what you would have done what you would have seen. I can feel the judgment at my slow grasp of the obvious I can hear you talking about what I am missing.  And what I miss is you. Mycroft says that this is going to help me get over you and that eventually I will be able to move on. He won’t let me wallow in self-pity. He even made me go back to 221B. He was a little disappointed that I wouldn’t stay but I explained that the pain was too much. I will have to one day thank him for that.
They both dissolved into laughter, "And I am going to do it every chance that he gives me." Breathed out Sherlock, locking his lips to John's jaw leaving hot open mouthed kisses.
"Please Detective Inspector, if he felt that your very life wasn't in immediate danger he wouldn't ask." Anthea spoke with such assurance that all the fight left me.
"Yes Mr. Holmes I know you know all this but forgive me the formalities must be addressed." Abigail said. "Doctor Watson, I'm sorry but you have quit your job at the surgery for the moment. Your resignation was accepted with heavy heart and you are more than welcome to come back once you are ready. We also provided a qualified replacement for you."
The last letter in the stack was the hardest. How did I ever think that he would be able to go on? Oh John I am so sorry. I never meant for this to happen, for you to lose yourself. I will make things better before I rejoin you though. I will find the worm and that woman. I will make you safe. But first I need to get these back to where they were before he notices that they are gone.
John pulled Sherlock tighter to his chest, noticing for the first time how much skinner he had gotten, pushing him back he really looked into his face, noticing the shadows under his eyes, the sharper cheekbones.
I chuckled, relaxing back into the seat; I might as well enjoy the peace and quiet while I can. We road in silence for another hour before pulling into Mycroft’s posh estate, my favorite of all his places. I was looking forward to a nice hot shower in our bathroom, but more for an update on John.
“Do you ever wish you could just step onto the transporter and have it take you back to before you ever met me? That way you would be safe from my stupidity. I know neither of you wanted to be stuck with me, i’m flat out useless and a hazard to everyone's health. You were just forced to join me and now my bad decisions have gotten seventy two crew people killed. It’s all my fault, maybe I should just quit. Go back to Iowa, go back to the farm.” Jim was silenced by McCoy leaning over him and kissing him hard. When he finally drew back for breath Kirk was about to argue when Spock’s mouth replaced McCoys.
“Shhh Sherlock, it’s ok, I’ll be your Alpha since John is too much of a coward to bond with you. Oh how beautiful and smart our children will be. I’ll keep you swollen with my litters.”
Sherlock sighed, detangled himself and threw on his trousers. He bent and scooped up Johns along with his shirt and threw them to the man still in bed.
"It really is." Sherlock said turning his head and catching Johns mouth in a sweet chaste kiss. They lay there for a while John holding Sherlock to his chest his head buried into his neck, rubbing soothing circles on his mate’s stomach encouraging their child to grow. All was well in their world at the moment as the fell asleep, dreaming of the future.
He nodded and walked off.  I stood, and walked outside, in desperate need of air. As soon as I was outside I lit up. Shaking with the loss of the day. Security was tight around me but with a look they backed off.
The hospital was dead quiet when I arrived. But then again at two in the morning not many people were up and around. Getting on the roof was too easy. No one bothered to stop me, check any identification. No one wondered why an army doctor was in the hospital this late. It just goes to show that the only one who ever really cared was gone.
John out of surgery. He pulled through remarkably. They are bringing him to the house. Please tell Sherlock what happened. I think he will react to you the best. But watch for projectiles. -MH
In person Kylo Ren was far more intimidating. He immediately confronted all of the new stormtroopers and informed us that he would not accept anything less than perfection and loyalty. To demonstrate his resolve he lit up his unique lightsaber and sliced a computer clean in half.
"He was just given a local antestic and some mild pain killers. Two more stitches to go." Answered the doctor.
"Oh, God, so do I," John mumbled. "I don't know what the fuck she was thinking." He pulled away and rubbed his eyes. "Sorry about the bottle."
"Okay." Sherlock gave another moronic grin, then rolled his eyes as the nurse dashed away. He slipped behind the desk and hit the enter button. The hospital login was password protected – but Internet Explorer [Internet Explorer in a parallel universe. This seemed less and less likely] popped up with nary a blip. Swiftly, he opened up Google and typed.
This little pep talk delivered, he glanced at John, who was busy fitting the key into the lock and ushering Benedict inside. They went up the stairs wordlessly, and Benedict pressed his hand to his nose as a sudden horrifying stink overwhelmed him. "Dear God."
"Every little act of rebellion is one fingernail I slowly pull off your boyfriend's hand with pliers, Tom." Henry smiled almost sadly. "Trying to escape is one. Not opening your mouth when I wanted you to is two. This is three. Do you want to try for four?"
"Right, now keep the other hand down." Sherlock complied, and the man stepped behind him and swiftly fastened another tie round his left wrist. The man moved round the table and out of kicking range, seating himself in Sherlock's chair. "Now. We're just going to have a chat, yourself and I."
Ben folded the letter and slid it back into its envelope. He dropped it on the table and retrieved his sandwich, taking a huge bite. "This is good."
"I know. That's why I'm waking you up. Come on, sit up, would you?" John laid out his impromptu kit – thermometer, stethoscope, and blood pressure cuff, all generously lent by Dr Majumdar. "It won't take a minute – then you can go back to sleep," he coaxed, hooking the scope round his neck.
Jim closed his eyes and retreated for a bit. He couldn't sleep, not with the spectre of Sherlock and Johnny Watson behind his eyelids. He thought about the two of them kissing, Sherlock's hands cupping the doggie's head and their lips touching.
He hated not being believed, even if his story was beyond ludicrous. To be fair, he wouldn't have believed it himself. Still.
"Then I see no further reason for delay. Contact my office with further questions. Mr Moriarty, if you're ready –" The Under-Secretary turned on his heel and left the room.
John struggled with his bonds, but they were metal, felt like strong wire, and impossible to break or to reach whatever held them secure. He pushed at the tape over his mouth with his tongue, but that wouldn't budge either. Fucking hell, he was 0 for 2. He saw the little red dots travelling in short, stuttering arcs over his torso and decided to ignore them. Wasn't as if he could stop a bullet. Furiously, he yanked at the cuffs again and a sharp jab of pain shot up his arms. He was only half-listening to Moriarty's conversation with Ben as he focussed on freeing himself, but then Moriarty said something that snagged John's attention.
"Mm. The murderer was creative, at least – soaked the lining of an evening gown with the stuff. Took a couple of hours to really penetrate, but death followed in short order. The victim had skin under her fingernails – not her own, I suspect. It's still out for testing, but Mycroft seems to think that she allowed herself to die."
Moriarty swung his foot and kicked John hard in the calf. John let out a stifled yell and curled in on himself. "I said, do you
Silently, apprehension written on his face, Sherlock got up and followed Mycroft outside, the security detail following. John found himself alone. He did a quick reconnaissance of the cottage – two bedrooms, kitchen, tiny but adequate bath – and went into the bedroom where Sherlock had laid his things out. Two pairs of jeans, a pair of decent trousers, shirts, socks, underpants, a cotton cardigan, extra pair of shoes. And, thoughtfully, a selection of paperbacks from the stack in his bedroom. There was his canvas dopp kit, as well, with his toothbrush, deodorant, razors, and shaving cream. He picked up one of the paperbacks, a medical thriller Sarah had bought for him, and went back into the front room to wait for Sherlock.
off-script, Benedict couldn't predict events and react appropriately. He was, in a word, screwed. Never mind that Benedict didn't have Sherlock's genius, that was a given, but if he didn't have John, then what? Why was Moriarty trying to get John out of the way? A sniper's bullet would do it quickly, but this – he didn't understand it. And, as with the Irene Adler tragedy, Benedict had the horrible suspicion that this new turn was his fault. "It's
A tall woman, solidly built and wrapped in a long camel-hair coat stood on the doorstep of Lord Moran's house, impatiently rifling through her handbag.
He hated this, this excess of luxury, this studied, professionally cleaned perfection. He'd quit reading tabloids when they'd stopped covering gruesome too-hot-for-ordinary-news press and had begun to focus on actors and rock stars and television presenters, because the latter was beyond pointless. Trapped in a body, in an entire world beneath his notice, a cosmic joke of the lowest order, where his work –
"That'd be great." He caressed her hand and got to his feet. "I'm going to wash up. I'll be back in a bit." He gave her another quick, reflexive smile, and fled to the loo.
"Oh, come on," Jim said. "I thought we were just getting to be friends!" He chuckled and fished a container of chewing gum from his coat, popping a piece in his mouth. "Anyhow, I might need you again."
"If you want." Mary swatted Nora's bum. "Go." She watched Nora skip away, then sighed and started dinner, chopping, slicing, and stirring, moving with rapid precision. She set the burgers to cook low, gathered up her bag and cardigan, and went into her room to change.
He pulled her to the floor and yanked at the waist tie of her scrubs. She seized his hands, crushing them over her breasts and moaning loudly enough for him to think she was in pain. "Are you –"
white, but that was to be expected after an electrical shock and the nastiest prank anyone had ever pulled on him. He moved closer to the mirror.
"Oh, brilliant, John. Well done indeed." Sherlock moved toward him, and saw a sudden splash of light through the half-drawn curtains.
"I'd steal one for you, too, but we don't really need two," Sherlock said. "Budge up close behind me and we'll just slip through. Ready?"
wasn't far away, and he couldn't ride properly with mangled hands. "Just untie me, okay? What time is it, anyhow? I haven't really been out for seven hours, have I?"
Benedict shivered in mingled apprehension and relief and bent to rub circulation back into his starved limbs. He straightened, coming face to face with Mycroft, who was peering at him curiously. "What – what's wrong?"
Clippers. That had struck him the first time he'd read it. Why clippers and not a knife or an axe or scissors? Who used clippers? Barbers, veterinarians, stable hands, pet groomers –
the British government; no one person could wield that much power. He couldn't have said precisely why, not at this particular moment at least, but he didn't want Mycroft Holmes watching him with CCTV cameras and sundry spy equipment. It seemed important to stay in character as Sherlock, but the truth was that he just wanted to go home. He closed his eyes and tried to think of a quick way out of this.
logically, or at least he's capable of it now and then, otherwise he wouldn't be able to pull off all those schemes, but he plays up the mad bit. He'll try to keep you off-balance if he can. He'll have guards, snipers. He's arrogant. I thought he might bide his time longer, plan something grandiose, but…I don't know."
The insistent shrilling of the phone woke him from a deep sleep. Blinking, disoriented, he reached for it and squinted at the readout. Two o'clock, and Mycroft.
Sherlock set the phone on the table and stretched out on the sofa, considering his dinner options. There were the contents of his fridge – nil, actually, so that was out. There was the usual fish and chips from the shop round the corner, only a text away. There was a Speedy's sandwich and crisps, another text away. And there was the five-hundred quid voucher to Corrigan's Mayfair, the gift of a grateful client. 'Take your best lady friend,' the client had said, to which Sherlock had responded with a wintry stare. 'Or your best fellow.' Sherlock said nothing. The client had loosened his tie and swallowed. 'Or they might deliver. I'll make certain they do.' So there was that.
Snarling, Sherlock went to Tom's desk and began tearing it apart, throwing items aside until he found a battered leather address book.
So here he was, trapped in a cottage in Sussex with a stranger occupying his flatmate's body, a scenario out of some bad science fiction film, while his idiot fucking flatmate, with whom he was hopelessly, helplessly in love, was apparently trapped in some other world with an actor's boyfriend, and there was the added complication of crazy fucking Jim Moriarty out to get them both. Truth was fucking stranger than fiction.
"Those things are always easier to bear with people you love, and who love you. And I do love you, John. So very much. I couldn't bear it if you left."
"I was going to keep Sherlock company, but – are you his solicitor? Probably better if you two get right to it." She set the tray down next to Moriarty. "I'd have brought something nicer, but hobnobs were all I could find on short notice."
Sherlock set the phone on the sink, shivering with cold. If Mycroft knew the truth about Mary – and he did, of course, everything, no doubt about it – he would be merciless. If Mary had murdered Lady Howe, his intimate friend, he would be unstoppable.
Benedict watched him for a moment, his compact body, his tidy haircut, his neat, economical movements, the way his shoulders moved beneath the thin cream-and-blue striped cotton jumper he wore. His heart twisted for a moment, and he held the flat of his hand to his chest in wonder. Did the heart have its own memory? How could Sherlock not look at John Watson and understand that before him was the great love of his life?
"I know," Henry snapped. "That's what I just said. Keep up." He shook his head. "He didn't tell the Metropolitan police either. Not word one. I'd watch you, Tommy, after you'd get one. You never noticed that our dinners coincided with those letters, did you? Oh, God." Henry rose and began to pace in front of them. "Some people, like you, Tom…they manage for years, they grow up and they
Moriarty scooted his chair a bit closer to Sherlock and bent forward confidentially. "Funny; they were all cities with Dedalus stores."
"Additionally, it appears that she may have taken a flight to Belfast the night Meredith died. Charter flight, a small firm from the West Riding."
From what seemed very far above Benedict's head, there was a hissing sigh, and the fingers twined in his hair pulled even tighter, eliciting a stifled cry. "Don't waste my time with the obvious."
Sherlock nodded and reached for the button to angle the top half of the bed up so he was in a semi-sitting position and could see John without straining his neck. "Have you slept at all?"
Sherlock unfolded his hands and placed them on the arms of the chair. "Among other things." He tapped his fingers against the worn leather.
the trail get cold. Good God in heaven." His lips, dry and half-frozen, refused to work properly; he moistened them with a nearly as dry tongue. "Did you strew a few half-dead red herrings in my path as well, to
Mycroft gave him an odd look, but nodded. “Certainly.” He led Greg into a spacious library, book-lined and fragrant with burning logs. “Please sit down. What would you like? I’m having whisky myself.”
Henry drove at a deliberate speed, but even his minor actions demonstrated his shaken psyche:  he braked far too abruptly at a traffic sign, took the corner too fast, and overcorrected as the Land Rover swerved slightly. Sherlock winced; the headache was a knife slicing into his brain. He'd managed to turn his head and pull back just enough so that his cheek and temple took the greatest impact from the pan, which wasn't all that heavy – not that it hadn't hurt. He'd been stunned long enough for Henry to bind and gag him and had roused himself to full awareness as Henry was in the cellar abusing Tom. Sherlock had taken a moment to orient himself and then had swept his surroundings for something useful. He'd struggled up as quietly as he could, turned awkwardly, opened a drawer, and found a small paring knife – not terribly sharp, but adequate to cut the tape around his wrists with a little effort. He'd tucked it down the back of his underwear and got on the floor again, his head already throbbing. It was easy to feign grogginess as Henry forced Tom up the stairs and pushed him into the kitchen. Henry was in too much of a rush to realise that Sherlock was a full half metre away from where he'd left him, and Tom was terrified and concerned at once. He'd seen that expression in varying light and shade on John's face from time to time, and it never failed to soothe Sherlock a bit even under the most distressing circumstances. John rarely touched Sherlock unless Sherlock was hurt or otherwise incapacitated, and then he was gentle and kind. 	It was a trifle puzzling but not entirely unpleasant that Sherlock's occasional –
Her smile faltered just a little, but she recovered herself quickly. "Oh, there's absolutely no end to secrets…Sherlock."
Absurd to even think of it. John wasn't gay, for one thing; hadn't he said so, over and over and over again?
Though that did bear occasional resemblance to John. But apparently Freeman had been with one lady for a number of years, enough to have a couple of children. Not married – sensible, and yet, with two sprogs, they might as well have done. Boat anchors.
But Molly didn't seem to see anything amiss. "It must be hard," she said, and patted Benedict's thigh. "I mean – oh, God. I mean difficult. Sorry. Sorry."
"What are you –" John lost the ability to speak as he felt Sherlock spreading him, and then the hot, wet press of Sherlock's tongue inside him. He moaned, grinding harder into the bed and trying to push back against Sherlock's mouth. He hadn't expected this; he'd never had this done before, never. It was exquisite, shocking, exhilarating. Spots and stars whirled in his vision. "Sherlock –"
"Can't imagine why," TWH murmured. "Well, I suppose it's just as well. If you'd cannoodled with anyone here –" He broke off, watching Sherlock's face.
Benedict sighed and licked his lips with a tongue that felt furry and twice its usual size. "What," he began, and let out a croaking cough. He was about to put his hand to his mouth and remembered what Sherlock had told him. Doubling up, he hacked loudly for a moment. When he straightened, he felt his hands pressed up against something rough and solid. "What do you want?"
"Four minutes," Mycroft said, and closed the library door behind him. He went to the sofa and sat. No cosy pairs of wing chairs for Mycroft; no intimate chats in front of the fire, sharing from a bottle of whisky or even a bowl of crisps. Mycroft was alone with his tasteful, immaculate furnishings in this over-large, terribly grand, and sterile house. It was almost pitiable. "Dinner in half an hour. Madame Charbonneau's made an excellent beef Wellington."
He'd got to what passed for the high street, located a cab by some miracle (dashing into the street in front of one and flagging it down, and jumping in while the driver hurled obscenities at him. Fifty quid had smoothed matters considerably) and was halfway to Bart's when he realised that he didn't have free access to the labs. He slammed his fist on the seat beside him, and the driver scowled ferociously at him in the rear-view mirror.
. Even four days without him had been terrible. With John, all this might have been an adventure, and it still
So much he saw, in fact, were objects to which he'd attached personal meaning – it was a game, and pure fun, but it anchored him in Sherlock's reality, too, giving weight and substance to his surroundings. When he'd tried to engage Martin in the exercise, Martin had scoffed a bit at first ('Don't be so fucking daft- it's a fucking chair in a fucking lounge, for fuck's sake' had been his exact words), but eventually he'd joined in as well, and by the time they were finished, they'd given a history to every item in the flat. Benedict went to the mantel, to his music stand (scratched and nicked in a few places, relics of self-defence after a baddie had broken into the flat to try to exact revenge for the incarceration of his brother) to the sofa with its faded, flattened pillows.
"If we switch back and it leaves a mark, I'll just say I was mugged. Which I was. Kidnapped, that is. By your brother." Cumberbatch lunged forward and grabbed Sherlock's hand. "I had the thought that if we were physically connected when the thing happens again –"
Benedict turned to Moriarty. Their eyes were at the same level, and though he was frightened, he channelled his fear into brimming contempt. "Get your dogs to heel, Jim."
For all that Sebastian was Stephen's junior by twelve years, Stephen was still – rightly, he decided – a little afraid of him. He watched Seb's lean, taut frame poised against the window and fancied he saw, even in the statue-stillness of his posture, a thrumming tension, a coiled menace waiting for the proper provocation. Yet Seb was rarely visibly angry and never impulsive; he wore his malignity with grace and a certain élan.
Mark dragged his hands through what remained of his hair. "Fucking hell – Ian." He paused at the door, seemed about to say something, and then thought better of it and left.
"Time," Sherlock whispered. He brought his wrist up to look at his watch, then realised he was naked. "Right. What time is it?"
"I'd hoped, but – you really are predictable. In that case, Sherlock, we have a problem. Our final problem."
"No," Sherlock snapped. He opened the door, swung his legs out, and carefully exited the car in an effort to spare himself further humiliation. Not a serious injury, the doctor at A&E had said – the staff had iced it and bandaged it tightly and given him a painkiller, and then advised him to use the RICE method of treatment. He would, they asserted, be right as rain in a few weeks.
"Obvious. Boyle's Law, John." Sherlock retrieved the tongs and moved to the worktop. "Before that, though, I've got to –"
," Mycroft said, and snipped at the plastic binding Benedict's hands. Without another word, he cut away the fiber tethering him at chest and waist, then went back to the table, depositing the snips and turning round to face Benedict, his arms folded.
After a moment he dared to look up. Mycroft Holmes had stepped between him and the blinding whiteness, and was standing perfectly still, staring down at him in inscrutable silence, one brow lifted in delicate disdain.
"In any event, I don't think it's anything more than some deluded fan, certainly nothing to worry about. It's not a predator – they tend not to alert their victims in advance. But maybe you should tell the police, if you feel threatened. I'm not sure what they'll do – I suppose they could watch your flat for a while. You're famous, so they'll pay attention to you."
Gautam’s eyes – large, limpid, and dead sexy, if Martha were honest – darted nervously to and fro. He abruptly removed his hand, but didn’t seem to know what to do with it. It settled on his knee, then fluttered up to cover his mouth, then got tucked beneath his left elbow. “Where on earth did you pick up such a filthy piece of gossip? Was it that bloody Marie?”
Sherlock reached up and took off his mask. "I don't think I need this, do you? Look, it's reading 96, that's about perfect." He pointed to the digital oxygen readout and bestowed his most dazzling smile on the first doctor, glancing at her name tag. "Dr. DeMille? It's all right, isn't it?"
"No, listen, please." Tom put a finger against Sherlock's lips. "You know this is new to me – this," he said, waving a hand between both of them, "the fire and potency of it, and the public scrutiny, all the media attention. I've never been much good at hiding, and the only reason I'm a good liar is because I'm a fair actor. I want to shout about us from every rooftop, and I can't, I know that, but sometimes it makes me a bit barmy, you know? I don't want to fuck it up. I love you." He drew Sherlock close and kissed him.
Orange Ferragamo tie in flamboyant Balthus knot, pink pocket square folded just so, but paisley shirt in startling combination of pinks and oranges, un-pressed – unusual for someone with such meticulous attention to detail. Thinning hair hastily combed, product distributed with irregularity. Voice roughened, possible recent abuse. Alcohol drifting from pores, poor attempt to cover via liberal application of Eau de Guerlain. Threads of pink in the eyes, errors in shaving, slight smear of toothpaste at corner of mouth. Late, or distracted this morning, screaming match with spouse. Wedding band slightly askew, jammed on in anger and tight because of last night's drinking binge. No chance to eat or drink or look in the mirror, possibly because he'd been busy having it off with one of the clubroom waiters (vague odour of semen on breath). Likely outcome:  divorce within three months, sacking due to escalated drinking and general incompetence in six.
Benedict thought with a touch of mordant wit. "We don't have time for hospital nonsense. We've got to get this sorted out."
The woman shook her head. "No, it dissolved. Spherical disintegration is almost always inevitable." She pushed a pair of horn-rimmed glasses up on her nose and crouched down beside Sherlock. "How are you feeling, Mr Holmes?"
"Fine." Sherlock lay perfectly still, letting his eyes drift shut. Eventually, he realised that Tom was stripping him, divesting him of his tight trousers, the jacket, his socks. He felt the duvet and sheet tugged from beneath him, and then a soft warmth. Nice. The light went out, and a body pressed against his.
"I don't know if you'd call it progress," John said. "I did talk to the pilot, though. He said Georgina hardly said a word to him and she was the only passenger. There wasn't a flight attendant or co-pilot – he was alone. He did say that a man met her in a black SUV, though. Unfortunately, he didn't get a look at the man's face or recall the make of the vehicle – it was dark and raining and visibility was poor."
Oh, good. London, then, or at least the vicinity. "Can't." He needed data. "I'd feel…safer at home. You understand." He gave Vertue a tight smile, then let his mouth broaden and his eyes crinkle up.
"You're not my type, Tommy, but this hasn't got a preference." He waved the trowel back and forth. "I imagine you'll be able to accommodate it. Your boyfriend here has probably got you nice and stretched." He made a small moue of disgust, as if violent assault with a garden implement was a perfectly quotidian experience, but ordinary anal sex was too gauche to be borne.
"We're investigating. The car had no identifiable plates, and visibility was poor because of the rain. They couldn't get a clear shot of his face."
Stephen stood and paced, rubbing his hands together. He hated this flat just outside of Stoke-on-Trent, its views nothing but ugly industrial structures and sagging abandoned factories, damp, dreary, squarely proportioned, utterly devoid of beauty and charm. But it was safe. Thank the Lord for His myriad wonders. "Sorry. The sudden move's got me a bit rattled."
, I promise you. Just breathe in – you've got to hold still. Breathe in and count backward from ten. Mr Holmes, please –
As the car pulled away, Sherlock noted the slight drag in his speech, the faintly glazed expression, a faint whiff of alcohol.  Evidently Lord Steenie Moran had indulged in a cocktail of Diazepam and Balblair before his visit. Sherlock hadn't been wrong about Moran's crumbling hold on reality. "Have you been to Mycroft's house before?"
?" Henry took a swig of the wine they'd split. "Don't bother, Fifi. It's completely overrated, and full of…well, I don't know that you'd get on with people there."
His head hurt, and his mouth was parched. He coughed, choking on the lack of moisture in his throat, and sagged forward, stopping involuntarily. He shook his head to clear it and opened his eyes, but saw nothing.
." Moriarty rose from his plastic mattress and drew close to the glass, placing his hands flat on the clear surface. "The problem with you boys is that you're just sooo sentimental. Mikey knew Meredith Howe was doing business with me, Sherlock. He just didn't want her hurt. Except he should have known…everyone gets hurt eventually. Right, Mycroft?" His grin widened. "His fuckbuddy was more important than you, Sherlock. He couldn't admit that to you – I bet he couldn't even admit it to himself. Hope that doesn't bruise your itty-bitty feelings too much."
He lay back and glared at the paramedics who knelt beside him. "Mr. Cumberbatch," one said in hushed, respectful tones, "don't worry, we'll sort you out. Where'd he come into contact with the cable?" he asked the crowd.
Tom coughed explosively, curling up as much as he was able. "Ben –" He sobbed, unable to get the rest out. "Oh, God, oh, thank God, oh, fuck –" He sobbed again.
Standing in his sock feet in a puddle of chilly, expensive water, he let the empty bottle drop to the floor and sighed. That had done it for his body, but not for his restless brain. Yanking Cumberbatch's phone out of his pocket, he glared at it for a moment and then texted TWH.
"No, I mean are you feeling okay?" It was a little bit early, John thought dazedly. Concussion, the injection –
There it was again, that look. John had looked at him the same way in Irene's house, open and affectionate…Benedict adored Martin and he was pretty certain the feeling was mutual, but Martin had never looked at him like that outside of filming.
But his head ached badly from the drugs Henry had forced on him, and his body still hurt from Henry's heavy feet. Grim reality denied him any comfort.
Well, he wasn't God, wasn't even a minor deity – he just had a working knowledge of the accumulation of clutter that would be in the kitchen of 221B Baker Street. It didn't mean anything.
"My point stands." Cautiously, Benedict sat up. "And as much as I appreciate your concern for my physical well-being, John, we've got to get moving." He glanced at his watch. "When's the next train to Brighton, I wonder?"
“You’re Sherl’s friend. You had that smashing yellow frock on at Mary’s wedding! I’m Janine,” she said, holding out a hand. “Janine Hawkins. What’s your name? Sorry, it was ages ago and I can’t remember.”
"He should do like other toffs and rig it up for visitors." John drew a handkerchief from his pocket and blew his nose.
"Yeah, of course. Sorry. Thanks for this." John brandished the bottle and went to the tea station. He poured a cup for Sherlock – milk and sugar – and black coffee for himself, and nicked a couple of biscuits, then went back to Sherlock's room. Sherlock's eyes were open, and he was struggling to get off the bed. "Stay still," John commanded, and put the refreshments on the table.
"Look, I admit it – I'm…puzzled about this as well." The man took out a cigarette of his own and lit it. He smoked in silence for a moment, and exhaled through his nostrils. "There's no data –" He glanced at the white walls, the pristine floor. "Nothing that indicates what might have happened. Except that you got an electrical shock as well."
Moriarty laughed and stepped away. He glanced at John and laughed again, his voice spiralling upward in hysteria. John looked down and saw that the red dots had disappeared.
He felt besieged at once; the place was choked with laughing, shouting, chattering humanity, tuxedoed, gowned, bejewelled, perfumed. Mycroft scarcely had room to hand his invitation to the eager young man who materialised at his side, gloved hand extended as if in supplication or perhaps benediction. He managed to ease his topcoat off by dint of holding his arms down at his sides like a tin soldier and shrugging, and the young man deftly accomplished the rest, slinging the coat over his arm. "Lady Howe?" Mycroft asked.
"That's lunch. I had Josephina make it especially for you. You might as well stay." The maid came back with the fish and chips, an odd follow-up to consommé, but Benedict wasn't complaining. He tucked in, savouring the light but crispy batter, the golden chips accompanied by ketchup and brown sauce in silver sauce boats. Mycroft daintily dipped the chips into ketchup with a fork, but ate with as much gusto as Benedict.
A little warm light began to glow in Molly’s heart. It was all right. She could be glad for Sherlock, glad for John. She wanted them to be happy. Wasn’t that what friends wanted for each other?
nasty to the poor little thing. They bite and claw at him and leave him all battered and bloody. Then the bunny's owner puts him in his own hutch away from the hares, but then realises that the holes in the wire are large enough to let snakes in. By this time, you can imagine the owner's distress. Finally, he papers over the hutch to keep the snakes out, and the bunny gets
"Sorry," Sebastian said with a shrug, dropping the pen on the floor of the car. "That's the way himself wants it."
His efforts to find Moriarty had become halfhearted. Moriarty hadn't made an overt move; Mycroft had almost believed Meredith's assertion that he wasn't interested in criminal activity any longer. But then Meredith had always wanted to believe the best about people. It was her most foolish trait.
"No," John said, and exhaled again. "I didn't know it wasn't Sherlock I was talking to. I apologise. For that, and for hitting you. I'm sorry."
Jim turned from his fascinated scrutiny of Sherlock. It had been so long since they'd been face-to-face, indulging in their own little
"Let's remedy that, hmm?" Tom unbuttoned a button and traced the tip of his finger over Sherlock's collarbone.
The remaining upstairs rooms seemed clean, so he went back downstairs and into the second front room, a sort of media centre-cum-library. Slight disarray – a pair of running shoes and socks overturned in a corner, a few books open and weighted with other books, a television remote, a tea mug, a stack of paper near a wing chair. Sherlock went to the stack and picked up a set. Film script, apparently.
There. Finally they were done. The head of the trio pushed the gifts across the table [she’d known better than to wrap them; the louts only ripped the paper away] and gave her a curt nod. “Right, that’s sorted; you can go on back.”
Terrified, John kept his eyes closed, but opened his mouth to the kiss and let his hands wander down to caress Sherlock's arse. God, it was
…had a partner as well, a man named Ian whose informality with MG was positively astonishing. He touched Mark's hand and rubbed his upper arm and even kissed him. And Mark returned the affection wholeheartedly.
Sherlock's heart beat double-quick for a moment as he tore the envelope open and pulled out a single sheet of photo paper. There they were:  the Watson family, wearing Santa hats and grinning at the camera. Well, John and Mary were grinning. Eleanor was unsmiling, her expression more than a bit sulky, as if she knew damn well that posing for a Christmas card in a stupid Santa hat was absolute rubbish. He couldn't help but approve.
"Well, that's pretty. Wait." John thumbed beneath the dress. "How much – how many dresses did she buy?"
Well, if Sherlock were entirely honest with himself, it could be days before John noticed. He wasn't an utter dullard, but his forte wasn't observation, really. And Sherlock was a sphinx when it suited him.
John glanced at Benedict and slowly sank to his knees, obediently clasping his hands atop his head. "Right. Don't do anything stupid, okay?"
"Fine," Nora said sulkily, and stopped skipping. She slipped her mittened hand out of John's. "You're cross again."
Mycroft shivered, then primly tied his dressing gown closed and went to select an appropriate dark suit.
"It'll be great. I'm off to wash away the day and get Herself cleaned up as well. She couldn't stop dancing about and asking me all sorts of questions about him." Mary had wiggled a farewell with her fingers and gone up, leaving John alone with the telly and the scent of cooking lasagna.
"To look at something. I'll be along in a moment." Moving deliberately, Sherlock went into the room where he and Lord Moran had held a brief and unilluminating conversation. He turned on a lamp and smiled as he saw the little inlaid table holding a cloth-covered object.
“They have different lives, darling. They’re not two doddering oldies like we are.” Violet’s selective perception didn’t extend to her sons; she pushed past their patience and pressed her luck at all times, sometimes causing explosions. Thank God that Mycroft and Sherlock (Myc and Wills; to him they’d always be Myc and Wills in his heart if not on his lips) were essentially forgiving souls, though they’d both have denied it stoutly if confronted on the matter.
“I suppose.” Mycroft sipped his whisky and set it on the table. “Sherlock makes a point of inviting me to his silly dos, but I think he only does it because he realizes I’ll never go.”
He couldn't say that. He didn't want to make John angry, not for the short duration of time that they had together. And considering the past few days, he didn't want to take any action that might result in a horrible ripple effect. If he pushed, who knew but that John might decide that moving out was the best thing to do?
"No. Just a colleague." Mycroft didn't rise to the bait. He took the phone out of his pocket, examined it a moment, and laid it on the mantel beside the photograph of the Watson family. Staring at the picture, he picked it up. "Have you heard from John lately?"
He emptied the box and relocked it, depositing it back on the ground and pocketing the letters before striding out of the cemetery himself and going home to read his letters from John.
Sherlock smiled as he took Johns hand and led him up the flight of stairs to their flat. Once in he locked the door, and promptly pushed John against it fingers tugging into his short hair, eyes searching.
Mycroft, opened his phone and punched in some keys snapping off a quick text. "You may both go back, but 221A and 221C will both be staffed by my men. If you leave the premises you are to alert them and take at least one of them with you. If you don't then I will assume that you are being coerced and you will be placed in a bunker in my private estate where you will be locked in. Do I make myself perfectly clear?"
They lulled into a semi comfortable silence and stared at the clock waiting, waiting for John's arrival, the arrival of Mycroft, waiting for their next move.
"So the three of us, four once John gets there are just going to hide until this situation is neutralized?"
"Shhhh Sherlock it's ok. I'm going to take care of you." John promised as he pulled them towards Sherlock’s room.
"Sherlock, Lestrade were injured in a chase, John died at the scene. Sherlock is listed as grave condition and Lestrade is in critical condition."
Sherlock stormed out of the building, went straight to Johns apartment and watched him through the window. It looked like he was writing another letter. He looked sad. Sherlock’s pocket buzzed a new text message.
Lestrade walked up to the chair looking at the gash on Sherlock’s upper chest. At least six inches long and deep. His whole chest was covered in blood in varying stages of dryness. A bandage wrapped around his right wrist.
"Mr. Holmes, I am Dr. Wilson. Let me be quick with you before we rush you're brother off to surgery. Sherlock has lost so much blood, and has a gaping hole in his intestine that we need to repair immediately. The second bullet wound in his hip missed everything critical so we will remove the bullet there and sew him up."
“Lestrade tried to find him on his own but he was lost. He called me and it took me ten minutes to find him. By the time that I found him he was at the cemetery taking a pill. I knew what it was and we went to get him. By the time that the ambulance got there he was unconscious and seizing up. We came so close to losing him.”
3. The Vessel: Write about a ship or other vehicle that can take you somewhere different from where you are now.
“Mrs. Hudson and Ms. Hooper if you will follow me.” I started as they walked out of the elevator before I was interrupted.
I looked down at the little nurse, she looked terrified. "Thank you. And thank you for taking care of him."
“I full on agree Mrs. Hudson. Molly will be in the room to your left, and I will be next to her. Mycroft and Lestrade are across the hall and to the right of Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson if you would like to settle in and rest, I know we woke you up last night.”
It was supposed to just be an ordinary case, just like any other, but of course there is no normal case with Sherlock Holmes. The brilliant detective kept everyone on their toes, and made all of us forget that the was an omega. Headstrong, feisty, stubborn, he acted more like an Alpha.
Sherlock went silent and still, stress pheromones rolled off him in waves. John pulled him closer rocking his hips forward sending a spike of pleasure through them. "Sherlock, what aren't you telling me love?"
A month has passed now, Lestrade got me off the hook for punching the Chief Superintendent, and he is working every day to get your name cleared. Donavan and Anderson both apologized to me, apparently after reviewing the facts that they gathered from the little girl they figured out that you were innocent all along. That rotter of a journalist is now facing legal action for her role in the whole thing. I know I should be happy that things are starting to look up for your name, hell the fact that Donavan and Anderson even apologized should make my heart all warm and fuzzy, but all it does is make me angrier. The more that I think about the ways that this could have been prevented, the madder I get. I don’t want to be around these people who ruined everything. I don’t want to be around any of them. I don’t want to be.
"No while I was clutching my chest and trying to not die myself a van pulled up and got him in it. They tried to run me over but I got out of the way just in time."
"Don't worry Mycroft will get the other. He's been watching us again. No doubt once the heat is over he will be around to annoy us."
“Those poor boys have been through so much, things have to start getting better for them, and they better stop picking fights.”
Sherlock jumped to his feet glaring at his brother, “I will fix him. I will fix everything.” Grabbing the knife out of the chair he strode out of the room.
Sherlock grasped Johns hand and pulled him towards his bedroom, "Did Mycroft keep the flat for you?"
Hello everyone, first off let me say thank you for reading so far. Unfortunately I have decided to abandon this fiction. It's not going where I want it to at the moment. I may pick it up again in the future but right now I will not be finishing it.
Anderson didn’t see the blow or even scent the enraged alpha coming up on him before he was plucked off of Sherlock and thrown into the wall, his head smacking hard. Anderson jumped up snarling at the advancing enraged Alpha.
Molly sat there contemplating everything, contemplating what Sherlock had indeed done. It was like watching the fierce kitten realize that she wasn’t going to get her fight.
Lestrade hung up and ran through the office to Donovan's office, "Sally code blue man, now, at the Thames!"
John looked down to Sherlock curled into his side and knew that he wouldn’t get a better offer. “Yes Mycroft. On one condition. Sherlock has to let Lestrade know that he is still alive.”
'Well fuck if it isn't one Holmes ordering me around it's the other. Though he's the only one to order me around anymore.' Lestrade thought as he made his excuses to the woman sitting across from him.
Anderson stopped momentarily at the juncture, questioning which path he should follow, before the overwhelming scent of unbounded, fertile omega in heat pheromones floated past him. He ran to the left, his alpha instincts to bite, mate and breed kicking into overdrive. It didn’t matter to him that it was the freak, or that he was already bonded to Donovan, he could surly tame the freak and another omega would be worth it.
"Calm down Sherlock. I need to explain something’s to you and silence on your part would be incredibly helpful."
I couldn't help but notice the black car that started to tail me two blocks ago. Mycroft naturally or at the very least one of his minions. I honestly didn't want to deal with them right now, and I knew he wouldn't want to cause a scene in public, so I ducked into the nearest cafe.
Sherlock smiled as he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to John’s forehead as he pulled off John’s jumper and undershirt revealing his still toned chest, and the bullet scar that brought them together. It was shaped like a large starburst with a small dip in the center. He leaned down and kissed the center as his fingers traced down towards John's trousers, flicking the button open and drawing the zip down releasing some of the strain on Johns cock precum soaking his pants.
“I think so yes, as long as my family is here and safe. John, Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Mycroft and you.” My heart swelled with pure joy at her statement. Maybe this would work out after all.
Sherlock knew he had less than two minutes to break in before Mycrofts people would be there to remove him, if even that much time. He moved swiftly to the back door, trying the handle to find it locked.
"This is brilliant Sherlock. We’re going to be parents. There is no way you aren't pregnant! You are going to be an amazing father!"
“Idiot.” Whispered Mycroft, pulling out his phone and texting away. John kept his eyes on Sherlock, refusing to look away.
"Look at you my wonderful Omega, so open and wet just for me, you’re so ready for my huge Alpha cock and ready for my knot. My little cockslut."
As soon as I was cleared the staff took him away. A nurse came over after a few minutes later and handed me a tissue. I hadn't even realized that I was crying. I had always known that my beloved brother would meet an early end.
“Lestrade, you’ll need to wake him, they are here. They were followed, we need to get downstairs now.”
"Sherlock, you are the most amazing person that I have ever or will ever know. You're a pain in the arse and immature but deeply loyal and brilliant. You are the one person in the world that it would kill me to lose."
Sherlock eyed Lestrade, deducing everything about his shock to the way he was familiar with the house.
The group of four ran out of New Scotland Yard, into their cars and screeched off to the scene, fully expecting to find John standing on the bridge; none of them were ready to see the three men holding John's heavily bloodied body on the railing getting ready to push him over.
Most of my time however was spent monitoring John. Mycroft made it so easy, having put him on watch after my death. And hacking into the servers was childs play. A few cameras of my own in his new flat and I had no problems what so ever in keeping a constant eye on him. It was a good thing too.
“Just make sure brother dear that you duck. I don’t need you going to the hospital when he punches you.”
The leader pulled a gun out of his jacket faster than I could turn and run, the shot rang through the air as the bullet ripped into my stomach. I hit the ground hard, my head cracking on the pavement, the world blacked out before me for a moment.
Kirk just nodded and leaned back further into his lovers chest, he didn't even flinch when McCoy appeared in front of him tricorder at the ready.
The first three months after had been the worst of my life. I couldn't even go near Baker Street. Seeing a police officer or even a crime on the Telly would set me off again. I just couldn't cope with losing my best friend. My only friend.
We were able to prove ourselves exactly a week later. We were clearing a small outlining planet where there was rumored to be a Kyber crystal stock. I knew instantly the moment we marched off the ship that there was something wrong. The moment that Kylo Ren appeared shots fired out. We launched into action shooting at the rebels. The fight didn't last long, the rebels clearly outnumbered. Everyone thought that we had won but I knew, I had that feeling that there was something that we were missing. As such I hung closer to Kylo than was expected of me. I could feel the waves of anger rolling off of him as he searched the area looking for the hidden Kyber, watching as his rage grew with the apparent realization that the lead was fake and nothing more than an attempt to get him to the planet. You knew that the informant would soon be dead.
“Anderson, keep up!” Shouted Lestrade as the other Alpha slowed his gate. He swayed as Sherlock’s scent changed from plain omega to omega going into heat, the chase kick starting his heat early. John caught a whiff and sped up to put himself between Sherlock and Anderson, growling low in his throat. John’s low growl alerted the two criminals to how close they were and the weakness of the omega, they reached a new back ally and split, “John! Follow the other one! Don’t argue!” Sherlock shouted.
"In surgery, he lost about four and a half pints of blood, went into shock, and has a hole in his intestines which is being repaired but the doctors are hopeful at this stage."
You’re in everything that I see everything that I do. I was finally allowed to go home. I still feel watched all the time. Please let me know that you are still out there somewhere. Please tell me that you really are there when I see you. Please tell me that I am not mad, or if I am please let me just go completely mad and be done with it. Sherlock please help me.
When I finally came out, back to the street, I was right next to the Thames, no black cars in site, but plenty of CCTV cameras, it would be moments before that annoying git was here to take me off to some mental ward.
That deep voice, so deeply familiar stunned me. I turned towards the source, and there stood both Sherlock and John, looking whole and healthy. And transparent.
John hollowed his cheeks and brought his hand up to roll Sherlock’s testicals as he sucked. He felt it when Sherlock tensed, heard the warning come from Sherlock but latched on tighter until he felt thick salty ejaculate splash down his throat. He kept sucking for a moment cleaning Sherlock until he became over sensitive and John pulled off looking up at Sherlock’s lust blown eyes, his face and chest flushed.
"HE IS MINE." John roared, landing a punch to Andersons face with each word. He dropped Anderson to the ground unconscious.
So now that the pills and my gun were out. There was always heights, drowning, plenty of cars, and of course violent muggers. How many crime scenes had he been to with Sherlock that proved that it wouldn't be an impossibility.
Lestrades devastated scream was the last thing I heard before I slammed into the icy water and my world went black and faded out.
"He would have switched taxis. Walked part of the way. You won’t find him that way." Sherlock replied. "No he's smart. I will give him that. Don't expect him to try to get near this place again. He's going to try his hardest to get us to leave, but he must know at this point that both John and myself are being watched and will not be allowed out, so knowing him he will want to go after our mutual contacts to draw us out. Lestrade and Molly Hooper need to be placed under more intense watch. Have Mrs. Hudson placed under watch by the Americans, surly they owe us by now."
"Keep me posted!" Lestrade shouted, as a second ambulance pulled up to the scene to remove the three perps.
I poke him gently in the ribs. "YeP. We have to get up." I swing my legs off the bed, getting to my feet. Grabbing my own clothes off the floor, I toss his clothes at him.
I knock on the door with a bit of trepidation. Sherlock is the only one who ever answers but I very much don't want to have to pass by Mycroft if he's in the living room.
"All kinds. Cards. Jigsaws. Mostly these ones he played in his mind. His friend, Seb, understood it a lot better than I did.  He was a big fan of yours. Always asking questions about you."
I try the door, only to find it locked. I walk down the hall to my daughter's room. Rather than knock, since I'm sure a knock on her door will do nothing to wake her from her typical drunken stupor, I just open the door (thank goodness she is also lax with locking doors when inebriated) and walk into her room. "Harriet!" I holler at her loudly. The mass of blankets on the bed growls and shifts, but I get no other response from it. Then I see John standing in the bathroom door.
"Oh, surprise me. A walk sounds lovely. I'm so glad I grabbed some of my herbal soothers before we left the house. The old hip will bother me after such an outing - always does." I smile.
"I can't help it. She has taken a liking to you." I scratch her between the ears. "She's got good taste." I smile slyly.
He seemed perplexed by my answer to his simple question. "I know you are not one to understand the Sun and Sky but even you know that each time the Sun rises, in the East by the way, a new day begins. There have been thirty-five of those since you've been gone."
"Walk. Yes. That would be my preference." Sherlock has never been a physical child. I doubt he could get very far at all.
"I don't want to play nice with her. Don't you know any tricks to take her out? I mean, not kill her, but...?" Sherlock pulls me back down into the bed and I land with a thump. "Maybe kill her a little bit." He gets the gleam in his eye I've learn so associate with a devilish idea usually involving sex or poison.
He leans in much closer than he needs to when he speaks to me. His breath touches my ear and causes me a small shiver. "Much. Thank you." I see now what he meant by rolling your hips.
His laughter is contagious. "Well, based on what people have told me, she wouldn't be wrong, would she?" I hail us a cab back to Baker Street to await my brother's response.
Once inside I see Irene pouring something into the stew. She has a lot of great spices that make even the blandest food taste good. "Lock and I will be in the room if you won't be needing it right now."
I yell for security, who quickly get the crowd under control (and away from the stairs). I knock gently on John's door. "John, you can come out now."
That sing-song voice of Jim's brings me out of deep sleep, and the feeling of him crawling up my legs brings a smile to my lips.
I sit on the edge of the bed, well out of her reach. "Talk. Nothing more." I give her a serious look. "I know what you are. And I want you to teach me."
I pale and look away quickly. "You must be mistaking me for someone else," I stammer, my voice faltering. "My name is Sherlock."  My heart is pounding so hard I'm sure he can hear it from across the room.
I find that I had finished everything left on the plate while my attention had strayed to watching Gregory. I now felt a bit queasy being a bit too full. My backside still hurt from the ride yesterday and I am not eager to get back on Daisy again. "How far do you believe we will need to travel today?
"But I'm naked! I can't -" I immediately stop whining when he glares at me, and quietly move closer to the fire, trying to get close enough for warmth without actually standing in the snow.
"I can never remember most of the constellations. I can usually find the Big Dipper, but that's about it." I look down to find his ocean blue eyes staring up at me. My mouth is still moving, but no words are coming out.
I stifle a laugh at the look on Jim's face right now... being bested by a little old lady... He glares at me and I quickly turn away, to keep from laughing out loud.
"Much." I scoot up fairly close to him and start arranging the clothing on top of us. I lay down after I put the jacket on us and wrap my arm around him. There's scant room between us but I don't dare to get closer in case he discovers how not shy certain parts of my body thinks of his.
"Let me make some scheduling changes with the guards. I will meet you at the stables in one hour. Be ready for several days' travel."
As the day wore on we took turns taking naps or tending the fire. At one point I went to check the traps and caught another hare which I skinned and put in snow to keep fresh. With only so much to do, totally exactly nothing, it was boring. My cave mate had gotten lost in his own head at some point and I've spent the last few hours feeling quite alone in the silence. Finally I notice movement from the lump of wool against the wall. "Oh, hey, you're back."
His phone vibrates in his pocket. He daren’t pull it out, straining to listen down the hall for approaching footsteps. He doesn’t hear anything, only the ever-present hum of the ship’s engines and the distant static of the parting waves outside. After a minute, the shrill metallic creak of the bulkhead door echoes towards him. John waits another breath before he steals a look around the corner, praying he isn’t about to rush out into a trap.
The initial signs are encouraging; he appears fully conscious and reports no numbness in his extremities. So far so good. The hospital doctors will undoubtedly want to run a battery of cognitive tests later on to check his brain function, but for now, John is well satisfied that Sherlock is awake and able to speak.
If looks could kill, John would have to avert his eyes. “Mycroft, ever heard of knocking before you enter a room?”
John trots up the stairs, finding the flat mostly unlit save for whichever switches Sherlock bothered to flick on his way to the bathroom. John watches the play of his shadow in the open doorway. “Alright, we’re going to Menorca,” he says, skipping the argument and going straight to the part where he gives in and just goes with it; life with Sherlock, in a nutshell. “May I ask why?”
It’s manipulative, and a little too honest for his comfort, but it seems to have the desired effect. John smiles warmly, losing some of the worry from his features. It never ceases to amaze Sherlock how deeply sentiment, of all things, came to have such influence in their dynamic. Are they both so starved for companionship that a simple compliment can have so profound an effect? In John’s case, he can’t see how that could be true. John has other friends. He spends almost every weekend either down at the local pub with Lestrade, or else out on dates with his lady-friend-of-the-week. He manages to satisfy his every social need— he can’t possibly be lonely. As for Sherlock, it never mattered to him before. Loneliness has been par for the course in his life for as long as he can remember, he grew numb to it around the time he first discovered cocaine. Besides, there are very real advantages to not having to consider the opinions of others when choosing one's actions. He has long enjoyed that freedom, and has no intention of relinquishing it.
Their lips met then, cutting off his words. Sherlock’s soft, gentle lips against his own. It was the lightest of touches, almost familial in its innocence. But it was so abrupt, so unexpected. John’s mind shut down like a city grid losing power. Sherlock was kissing him… on the
“Nevermind,” Sherlock parrots, earning him a sharp poke in the ribs, although John probably deserved that one. He’s more impressed that Sherlock even knows what a ‘muster drill’ is, given that he barely understands how Oyster cards work.
The noise John makes rises somewhere between a bark and a laugh. “Sherlock, there is no way I was going to let you run headlong into this on your own, and you know it. In fact, I think you said it deliberately, just so I would change my mind. I’m getting wise to your tricks,” he says, waggling a finger under his nose. Sherlock bats it away.
The ping of his phone draws his attention back. He’s grateful for the distraction, but the message is far from sympathetic.
, and much like his deductive analysis, he seems unable to switch it off. If Sherlock thinks he has the solution to something then nothing in Heaven or on Earth will stop him from testing his theory. And Sherlock is well aware of this. He describes it as an itch he needs to scratch, otherwise it will occupy his mind and bother him constantly, but John thinks it’s probably a form of mild OCD. If it were limited to himself and his own possessions, that would be fine, but his need to control aspects of John’s life can sometimes border on intolerable. John knows he doesn’t mean ill by it, but all the same, Sherlock’s definition of ‘helping’ can be heavy-handed.
“Yes, lucky you,” he said, bending down to plant a soft kiss on John’s stomach. He trailed more kisses down, shifting back on his knees until his face was hovering above John’s solid erection. “Especially considering that I do rather enjoy sucking cock.”
John wasn’t exactly sure how to answer this tactfully. After a moment, he sighed, removing himself from Sherlock’s arms. “I don’t… I don’t know how to deal with this,” he said, waving his arm between them. “You are so bloody fit, you have no idea, and kissing you is making me
John settled on the couch and scrubbed his hands over his eyes, looking for all the world like he wanted the furniture to swallow him up. “Yeah. Of course, that makes sense.”
Their lips met once again, and though John was initially resistant to the idea, he quickly melted into the kiss. He soon found himself losing some of his restraint, encouraged by Sherlock’s hands wandering over his back, and when Sherlock’s teeth grasped at his bottom lip and tugged it gently, he couldn’t help the small choked moan that came from him.
A laugh startles out of him. “What changes? Oh, I don’t know. Maybe me getting time to prepare myself, so I don’t end up thinking I’m going to bloody drown in a swimming pool?”
John could feel those piercing eyes bore into his back, only agitating him further. The last thing he wanted in that vulnerable moment was to be flayed open by Sherlock’s merciless observations. But after a moment, he heard Sherlock release a quiet breath.
It’s a greater relief than Sherlock lets on. After what he’d done, he never would have imagined seeing John like this. He thought he’d ruined that possibility. Looking at him now, he can’t help feeling a burst of pride. “John, you’re doing it.”
John’s pulse quickened as Sherlock’s hand glided downward over his tensing stomach, towards the inner crease of his thigh, and brushed lightly over John’s fist as it moved rapidly over his cock.
“Yes, well… As long as you never ask for that, we should have no problems. But everything else is good. More than good, in fact.”
Sherlock’s expression is a picture of nonchalance as he cradles his cup of tea to his chest. He could win tournaments with a poker-face that good. “Of course I’m serious. It may be a little more difficult without backup, but the basic premise of the plan remains viable. If all goes to plan, I should be done before the week is over.”
John doesn’t notice at first. He’s been waiting, unwilling to leave the room for more than a minute in case Sherlock regained consciousness and found himself alone in an unfamiliar place. Sat on a chair by the door, he almost drops his book when a series of beeps shatters the room’s calm.
And in that moment, he’d decided. “God yes,” John leaned in to him, but Sherlock pressed his fingers to John’s lips and held him back.
And so that was how it all started. Sherlock had always said that he felt a soft spot for people who were different, like him. But never would John have imagined he’d go to such lengths to make him feel comfortable in public. It probably wasn’t the
It’s taking too long, though. There must be something more he can do? He was going to keep this as clinical as possible, but honestly, John thinks he might be able to do better with his mouth. And Sherlock wouldn't care how he did it, would he? He said so himself: anything is fine, as long as it accomplishes the task. Besides, he doesn’t need to know
But John won’t accept that. He didn’t give up then, and he isn’t going to give up now. He’ll wait the rest of his life if he has to, just as long as Sherlock comes back to him.
John holds the cup to his mouth, feeding him the straw. After a couple of light sips, the straw slips out of his mouth and he relaxes his head back into the pillow, a faint smile creeping onto his face. “Relax, John.”
“You really should, love,” John softly insists. “It’d pass a lot quicker if you would just give your body a bit of downtime to fight it off.”
But now that Sherlock had put the idea in his head, how could he ignore it? And there were other people sitting close to them, in front and behind, and to John’s right further along the row. The element of risk was there, and his fingers were already beginning to twitch.
In the dark, John nodded and started mimicking Sherlock’s movements. Stopped a moment later. Actually, that wasn’t such a good idea.
“I notice it.” The corners of his lips tug upward, marking John’s disappointed expression. “But it’s my job to notice such details. Not to worry, it hasn’t marred your good looks.”
He collapses onto the bed, squeezing his eyes tightly for a moment. The silky linens are soft and cool beneath his aching muscles, and suddenly the weight of his exhaustion settles over him like a lead blanket. It feels like they’ve been travelling for days. Checking his watch, it’s only just gone lunchtime. Christ, he feels old. The years are catching up to him more and more lately. He can’t pull all-nighters like he once had to in the Army. Not like a certain someone. How Sherlock manages it, he’ll never know. The man barely ever eats or drinks. He has a sleep schedule that makes the doctor in John shudder with horror, and yet for all his neglectful habits, he still has the capacity to bounce off the walls like a child hopped up on sweets when he gets bored. Maybe it’s for the best he’ll be out and about, rather than spending much time cooped in his room. Just imagining Sherlock trying to sleep in a bed this short tickles his sense of humour.
John glances around the deck. “So this is what ‘Lido’ means. I wondered.” His eyes snap back. “Hang on. Are those mine?” He steps forward and plucks the sunglasses off Sherlock’s nose, glowering up at him in irritation. “Pickpocket. When’d you even get the chance?”
is an open book, and it wouldn’t make a difference if he was the most stoic man on Earth; he still couldn’t wilfully hide anything from him.
It’s not that Sherlock teases him about his shortcomings. John doesn't expect him to use his newly discovered knowledge in a malicious way. It’s just that he has this annoying habit of trying to
Is it too much to hope that he hasn’t figured it out? It doesn’t seem possible. But if so, he’ll take it. Gladly.
For as long as he could remember, Sherlock had never concerned himself with trying to appease those who attempted to call themselves his ‘friends’. Most, he observed, hung around him only for the simple convenience his deductive abilities provided. It certainly wasn’t for his charming personality.
“A lot more than your wrists will end up dead if we don’t get out of here, John.” He strained his arms outward, tested the limits of the rope again. “I think it’s working, but it needs more. Look, just hold still, alright? I’ll try to make this quick.”
Confusion clouds Sherlock's eyes for a second, but he blinks it away. Flustered, John turns his attentions back to the wet floor. He’d rather not guess what deductions are racing through Sherlock's mind right now. That was clearly a panic attack, but he hasn't had one like that in years.
John was watching a pair of older ladies almost-but-not-quite looking their way, when Sherlock leaned in and spoke in his ear. “I’m going to go look around. Will you be alright on your own for a bit?” John nodded in reply, but balked when Sherlock took the coat from his arm and began sauntering away with it.
Having expunged his morning toast to the mild disgust of onlookers, his head isn’t swimming quite as much as before. He has to focus on Sherlock’s shirt buttons to maintain any sort of internal equilibrium, but as long as he doesn’t try to do anything stupid like read, he might be okay. He’ll just pretend he’s not surrounded by water. That’ll work. He’s good at pretending he’s not about to die a horrible death when literally surrounded on all sides by it, and this should be no different. If he doesn’t go outside, doesn’t see it, then he won’t have to acknowledge it, and maybe he’ll even get used to it after a while; immunity through gentle, low-pressure exposure.
“Found one of the bars, I see. That would explain the atrocious spelling earlier,” he notes with audible displeasure.
The air by his face grew warm, and John sensed his proximity. He knew it was Sherlock, of course. His breath sped up slightly, anticipating the inevitable contact, but Sherlock remained there as motionless as a statue. He seemed to be holding his breath, as if that would do anything at all to conceal his identity. Oh, this was going to be so easy. But a full minute passed, and still he didn’t move.
“Come on, John. You’ll get the hang of it as we play. I’ll keep track of the rules,” Greg urged, looking entirely too hopeful to start a kissing game with a bunch of mostly straight blokes.
Sherlock gives a curt nod and retreats into his own quarters. John swipes his key repeatedly across the sensor until it opens, and drags his suitcase inside. Finally alone, he lets out a shaky breath.
He twists to watch the Aurora shrinking into the horizon, already so distant that its engines can no longer be heard. It continues to sail straight and true on its preordained route, oblivious to the loss of two of its human cargo.
“Show me,” John says. When Sherlock moves to demonstrate, John pulls him back by the arm. “I meant your injury. Show me where.”
He doesn’t miss the innuendo in her tone. Christ, even complete strangers think they’re an item. “He’s a good friend,” he says, keen to dispel the notion. “We work well together.”
But there was nothing but sincerity in that youthful face. John’s hands found their way to stroking up and down his back, tracing the hills and valleys of his muscles, dipping beneath the harsh corners of his shoulder blades, all the way down to the ridges of his slender hips and over the plump round globes of his arse. He gave them a gentle squeeze.
John’s resolve was melting beneath him. Pressing his advantage, Sherlock raised his hands to curl them around the back of John’s neck, cupping his head like some precious thing. Caught in the moment, John’s hands moved to circle Sherlock’s waist of their own accord.
. And now this was it: This was the last time he would experience the two of them sharing each other’s body heat, and not once had it ever been under more pleasant circumstances. Was it possible to mourn the loss of something he’d never had? Because he was pretty sure this is how it feels.
He’s had a lot of time to think these past few days. About himself. About Sherlock. About all manner of little things he’d apparently missed before, all the little signs and signals that passed him by unnoticed, either because he was blind to them or he just didn’t want to acknowledge their existence. As he stood day and night like a guardian by Sherlock’s bedside, it occurred to him there was still so much he needed to say. Things he could say now, if only he could put into words this thing that is so desperately unspoken between them. Perhaps it’s worth a try now, but the prospect of opening that Pandora’s box is still daunting, and the last thing he wants to do is put any extra unnecessary stress on Sherlock while he’s recovering.
“Only the cheek, Greg?” John asked in a faux-innocent tone. “You were so eager to get this one started, I figured you would be lobbying for a little more than that.”
There’s a flutter of noise like bird’s wings as letters and case files spill onto the living room floor. “They’re refusing to provide assistance on the grounds that we don’t have a positive ID.”
“Yeah. See, there’s the problem,” John interjects. “You decided all this on your own. Not once did you bother to ask me how I felt or how I wanted to handle it.”
And by the time he’d met Sherlock Holmes and was sharing a flat with the brilliant detective, it was a full blown neurosis in his life. The need to touch himself in public had become an almost irresistible temptation, part of his sexual identity. It was as much ‘John’ as anything else, as much as his warm jumpers and his steaming cups of tea, his heavy Sig handgun and the starburst scar on his shoulder.
John chewed his lip anxiously, his eyes darting between them and Sherlock, who still appeared to be ignoring everything in favour of studying a piece of abstract art on the wall. But it was just for show. Sherlock knew full well just how much this turned John on, this feeling of free-falling without a safety net, and he exploited it beautifully at times like this. The room was so quiet he could hear a pin drop, and the wet sounds of his slick erection pumping through his fist was loud and obvious to John, even if nobody else seemed to hear it.
John had never known a friendship like this. He’d never trusted someone so completely. The looks Sherlock would give him during these moments were completely readable and honest, full of warmth and concern. When they first met, John would never have dreamt that Sherlock would become his personal talisman, watching over him and affording him a level of freedom to act in public in ways he never thought would be possible. And while there would always be an inherent risk in allowing him to do this, his friend’s judgement was unerringly reliable.
felt it. But something in his expression back then must have been too transparent, as if his feelings were written in his eyes, and whatever Sherlock read in them was disturbing and unwanted. And so Sherlock had made it as clear as he could, John figured, that his interest was unreciprocated. And though it made him sad, John respected his friend enough to bury it deep and leave it alone.
John doesn't seem to hear him. His arms lock around Sherlock like a vice, hindering his ability to float, and he starts trying to climb Sherlock’s frame like a jungle gym. It takes him completely by surprise, and Sherlock finds himself forced down beneath the surface. Alarm bells ring in his head and he kicks hard with his legs, but John is an anchor. He can barely get his face above the surface for a gasp of air, and then his nose floods with another rush of chlorinated water. He pries at John’s arms, trying to force them away from their crushing grip around his neck, but John won’t let go of him.
With steady effort, Sherlock guides him to the tenth deck suites. John pours all his focus into the simple act of putting one foot in front of the other. If they’re getting strange looks from the other passengers, both of them pretend not to notice. When they eventually arrive at their rooms, Sherlock extracts himself from his living manacle and leaves him propped up next to the door.
Does Sherlock not remember why he’s here, or simply not care? Neither sit well with what John knows of him. Then again, it’s possible that not all systems are back on-line yet, so to speak.
When John glances back up, he catches Sherlock’s eye from across the room and seems surprised to see him there. He arches an eyebrow as if to say, “Could you blame me?”
A short, miserable laugh escapes him. “Of course you will. You’ll try to accept it for the sake of our friendship, but inevitably things will get awkward. You’ll grow increasingly uncomfortable at home. You might even feel guilty for something neither of us can change. I never would have admitted this before, but after how it all nearly ended… I couldn’t go on pretending. I know you could never feel the same, and I— You wouldn’t want—”
John can be keyed-in at the least convenient moments. To be fair to him, it can be wonderfully, dazzlingly useful at times, and Sherlock has come to rely on him more than he’d ever thought possible in the short time they've lived and worked together. Through his eyes, Sherlock’s beam of deductive prowess focuses down to a blinding edge that burn through the darkest of mysteries, and at the heights of their synergy it is truly a thing of beauty. John may not be the most observant man himself, but something about him excites a greater urge in Sherlock to prove his worth, something that no other person has motivated him to do. The analogy of a peacock spreading his tail feathers to impress a mate creeps into his mind like a weed, but again, it's a nonsense thought. He's not
The first occasion had been during a pride march in central London that the pair were attending as part of an investigation. By the time they’d arrived on the scene, their target had vanished into the crowds without a trace, leaving them surrounded by the cheering masses and their brightly coloured flags and signs. They’d searched up and down the streets for an hour before reluctantly giving up.
John took one of his hands and lifted it to his chest, and the hint was gratefully received as Sherlock’s fingers began tracing across his skin, travelling up along the line of his breastbone, slipping along the curve of his collar bone, and back down towards his chest. They circled around a nipple before pinching it slightly, causing John’s breath to hitch, and John could see from the look in Sherlock’s eyes that he was cataloguing all of this, mapping John’s responses like a frontiersman discovering a new world.
And if John is aware that it's a farce, he doesn't show it. Sherlock is pretty sure he doesn't know, even though he gives it away in so many thousands of little conscious and unconscious ways. Nevertheless, he worries sometimes that John will eventually pick up on it, and what then? What would he even say? These feelings are difficult to express and even harder to define; it's a sentimental attraction, no doubt, and calling John his ‘friend’ has always felt woefully inaccurate. But as to what exactly this feeling is that has been growing steadily and inexorably since the day they met, he couldn't say and doesn't want to examine it too closely. John is in constant awe of him, too, but it isn’t the same. John enjoys his company, being one of the few who genuinely do. It must be so easy for him, not having to wrestle with a tangle of confused sentiments and dangerous feelings unbefitting of a strictly platonic relationship, but that’s okay. Most of the time what they have is enough, and when it isn’t, there has always been the violin to chase away any of his more fanciful wishes.
Anderson once again burst into laughter, slapping his knee. The noise caused Mrs Hudson to wake with a start, having fallen asleep against the back of the sofa.
“First of all, I don’t know anyone else obsessive enough to go through all that trouble just to win a bloody game. And second… I don’t think there’s anyone else in the world who loves me enough to kiss me like that.”
Sherlock watched as John speared a chip with his plastic fork and blew a cooling stream of air onto the steaming morsel. Gripping it cautiously between his teeth before drawing it back onto his tongue, John’s storm-cloud expression brightened minutely at the burst of flavour. It was a gratifying sign. Sherlock’s stomach did a little flip at the improvement.
“Says who?” John dabbed dots of glue in random spots across the top of the card. “It doesn’t have to make sense, as long as it looks pretty.”
“Well not when you put it like that,” John replied, “but it’s the thought that counts, isn’t it? People like getting cards.”
“I won’t,” he promises, prying at John’s limbs to loosen them, “but I can’t keep us both up. You need to help me.”
It was a lazy Sunday morning like any other when John plodded down the stairs in his soft cotton trousers and thin vest. Still bleary-eyed from sleep, he headed straight into the kitchen for his morning cup of tea. But before he could do more than set out his mug and fill the kettle, his ears picked up a quiet susurrus coming from the living room.
Mindy catches a shift in his expression. Her laugh is musical. She reaches across to squeeze his hand, a conspiratorial look in her eye. “Well in that case, he wouldn’t mind if we spent a little more time together, would he?” She leans in, tapping a nail on the glass tabletop. “My contract is ending today. I’ll be heading back to England after this trip. If any handsome Army vets happened to come up to my room tonight for a few private drinks, well, he wouldn’t be breaking any rules.”
Sherlock gazes at the stars. An entire arm of the Milky Way is silently watching over him from an unfathomable distance. There’s something oddly comforting about that. John once sat him down with a children’s book about the universe, pointing out pictures of different types of planets, nebulae, and stars. He thought it was trite at the time; a pointless waste of memory space, but somehow it stuck with him. He listened all night to John’s soft voice prattling on about concepts and phenomena that would never affect their daily lives, because there’s nobody else in the entire world who would even think to do that; to try and teach him something, to weather his attitude, his complaints. Despite himself, by the end of the evening Sherlock was rapt, and John had the warmest, most pleased with himself expression he’d ever seen.
horny. My mind wants nothing more than to just… rut against you like a fucking animal, or something. And I know what you said earlier, about… But, you can’t possibly want—”
“On the sea,” Sherlock supplies, watching him carefully. A light sheen of sweat blossoms over John's upper lip, and he shifts his weight. “Ah…”
“No need to be catty, William,” Mycroft scolds, and John has had enough of this. Before he can react, John snatches the umbrella out of Mycroft’s hands, opens the window, and tosses it out. Then he stares down the room as, three floors below, they hear the wooden handle clatter onto the pavement. “All done?”
Even though he never could stop finding Sherlock attractive in that way, he had always kept such thoughts under careful guard, considerate of his friend’s feelings. Never once did he let them dictate their interactions, no matter how enticing those ideas had occasionally been. That’s how it always was, and how it always was meant to be, because Sherlock didn’t want him like that. He didn’t need a lover; he needed a friend.
, and a dollop of precum spills into his mouth. Well, that certainly seems to work well. He cringes, but swallows the liquid. It doesn’t taste all that bad; just very warm, and a bit too salty. Sherlock really should drink more often. He gives the head another long, hard suck, and an unbidden moan is wrenched from Sherlock's lungs sheerly through the force of muscular contraction.
Sherlock went still at that. John’s erection throbbed between them, as obvious as the nose on his face.
“Nuh uh, that’s not in the rules,” Greg said, waggling his finger at him. “I don’t know how, but… you lost, mate. Down yer drink.”
Sherlock managed to be an endlessly fascinating friend. He was everything John could ever ask for in a companion that would, in all likelihood, be with him for life. Before tonight, John had found he could live with that quite easily, in the end— just being near to him, caught in the orbit of his celestial gravity. Always up close. Always from afar.
His mind has grown lethargic and sluggish, and the lack of a response doesn’t immediately concern him. He’s grown used to the silence. The sky, empty and cloudless, is a dead audience to the sea’s waves as they quietly bob up and down, carrying him along like a piece of flotsam. And he hasn’t seen, or heard, a single screaming gull, nor the distant engines of any passing ships.
John snatches the towel from his grip and storms away, leaving his phone, and Sherlock, abandoned by the pool.
.” He sits up, straightening the cuffs of his blazer. “And secondly, whilst I won’t deny your military skills come as a considerable boon to the Work, I am quite capable of handling most things myself. I did before.”
As the night wore on, Sherlock stole an opportunity during a quiet moment to serenade the group with his violin. He played, swaying back and forth in front of the lit hearth, its warm orange glow illuminating his elegant frame like an aura and dancing along the edge of his bowstring. It was moments like this, John thought, wherein his brilliant flatmate seemed almost ethereally beautiful, something quite otherworldly. It was so different from his usual persona, that piercing scrutiny of his eyes and the hard, mechanical instrumentality of his mind; when he played, he seemed to melt into the vibration of the notes, became one with sound— a being of pure reason transformed, as if by magic, into the very avatar of Music.
He means it as a joke, mostly, but Sherlock’s eyes pinch and his voice chokes. “Oh, John. Please forgive me for how I’ve treated you.”
The Aurora’s rumbling engines and electric lights shrink into the distance, until his splashing and panting breaths sound loud and isolated in his ears. He calls out again. And again. John is nowhere to be seen. He calls until his voice breaks, but his voice is swallowed into the night and nothing answers it. He’s aware of a sharp ache in his side, something squeezing and pulling, but it’s not a priority right now— John is out here somewhere, alone. Drowning. Or drowned already.
, the idiot?” John wheezes. “For God’s sake, why didn’t you say something? You scared the shit out of me!” He gathers Sherlock to him, draping those limp arms loosely around his neck and allowing Sherlock’s head to rest against his shoulder. “Don’t ever do that again, you hear me? I thought I’d bloody lost you.”
The man — Salvatore, because of course he’d be Italian — leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear. His breath stank of cigar ash, bitter and rotten. He was so close to John’s face that John had to fight the urge to headbutt the smarmy wanker, but one warning glance from Sherlock’s sharp, oceanic eyes put paid to the idea. They would get him eventually, but not now. Right now, survival and escape were paramount.
He hesitates. “No.” His voice loses its hardness, seeming to quaver at its edges, matching the gentle back-and-forth of his eyes. “John, you know that I… You’re my best friend. You can’t expect me to sit idly by and watch you suffer. Is that controlling?”
, that’s incredible,” he gasped, his heart pounding in his ears. His cock throbbed almost painfully hard between those lips, constricted by strong muscles as he was alternately being squeezed and sucked. Stealing a glance down at where Sherlock knelt over him, he could see the sheen of sweat forming over his brow, those dark eyes closed in careful concentration. It was the hottest thing he’d ever seen.
