, which reminds Steve about something
And then Tony’s shoulders slump—in apparent relief—and he says, “Yeah. Yeah, okay—I’m glad then.” His smile’s back. “Put on your warmest outfit, it’s snowing again.”
does it need footholds or handholds or
got him to drop the act. He tried to bite down a groan but Tony heard it, the little
Of course he’d been angry. “
Tony scrunches up his face. “
“You’re so squirmy, baby.” He pinches his right nipple between his thumb and index fingers and watches the skin around it turn pinker. “Look at you, drooling onto the pillow, shoving your hips up – you’re so desperate, huh?”
“I hate him,” Tony says and Steve expected that.
—without the faceplate.
The kids—
this was—out of his system.
It takes a moment to register what he’s said. He hasn’t heard a single soul here in the future utter that name and now here’s Loki of all people breathing life into a ghost.
“I know we’re not,” Tony snaps.
Steve narrows his eyes, waiting. But when Tony doesn’t continue, he says—grudgingly—“Well, thanks.”
together.
“Steve,” Tony says quietly, almost directly in his ear. “We can read through this with you, lend some moral support. Remember what you said your therapist told you.”
“I’m fine,” he responds, smiling at Tony’s bemused expression.
Tony made up his mind for him. “Suck,” he said calmly, shoving his fingers harder against Steve’s tongue but not deep enough to make him gag. “Trust me, you’ll want those as wet as possible.”
Tony’s face shutters and Steve wants to take back the words but he
He also learns that Tony loves eating—he can’t eat as much as Steve or Thor, but he probably
and—and he has enough money to buy whomever whatever he wants. He can buy them gifts like he’d never been able to and wrap them up in bows and ribbons—for once in his life, he can treat someone.
“We’re not leaving until you let go, and I’m not missing meetings for you, so if that means I have to pull you off, I will.”
Steve sat up and made an aborted gesture to reach out towards Tony. “Tony, I—it’s not that I don’t want it, I’m just not sure what
He was sick—he knew this made him sick—but he couldn’t help missing Steve’s company, because now he was here alone in his penthouse, horny, and Steve was alone in his own suite, fucking himself on a pillow. What he’d give to just take that elevator to Steve’s place and unlock his door, climb into
Steve glances up. “There’s no mis—”
He didn’t expect that to actually get to Steve, but it does. Steve deflates a little, his head falling back against the pillow. Tony takes pity on him and cups Steve’s cock through his sweats. Steve’s breath hitches and Tony smiles. “You wanna be good, don’t you? You wanna make me happy?”
Steve’s pencil stills over his sketchbook. The alien is going to teach him about earthly customs. But he takes the offer; he wants to see if he can beat Tony at his own game, get
“Darling, let’s not fight,” Tony interrupts, smiling like the jerk he is. “Seriously. Let’s go out, let’s sit in a cozy restaurant surrounded by happy people. Let’s get all rosy-cheeked and stuffed on food and wine.”
,” Tony says when Steve starts swallowing around him, still making muffled little choking noises every now and then when Tony gives into the urge and thrusts. “Fuck, baby, you like that? You like gagging on daddy’s cock? You’re so sweet, such a pretty boy. If the world could see you now –”
sort of laugh.
“It wasn’t funny the first time.”
He shoved Steve away, told him to clean himself up. He was still hard inside the suit, but it would pass.
Tony slicks up his cock and then presses it against Steve’s hole. “Say, it.”
For the first few months, they come up with nothing. Even Thor comes up with nothing in his search for Loki, who has seemingly disappeared into the ether along with the Tesseract and the sceptre.
Tony swats the side of Steve’s ass. “That’s no way to talk to authority. I am like ten years older than you –”
So, Steve hugs him. Tony lets him.
get sick, even if he tried. He could make naked snow angels on the roof of Stark Tower and he’d be perfectly fine. Cold and wet, but he wouldn’t sniffle, he wouldn’t catch a fever or cold, he’d breath deep and slow.
He didn’t hesitate. He pulled Steve’s hips into his lap and shoved a finger into him, locking the joints in place for minimal tearing.
Steve manages a shaky laugh, scrubbing at his face. “I love you,
Well, most things. He hadn’t been able to fix whatever had gone wrong with Pepper—but they seemed to have parted on good terms. They were still best friends just, “You know, without the crazy good sex,” as Tony had said. He’d been morose for
He shoved two fingers into Steve’s mouth. That was enough of that.
daddy. I want your cock in me, I want you to fuck me
with Stark.
guilty; this is their night off, and although Tony is perpetually comfortable in his suits, Steve would rather go without.
Tony ground his knee against Steve’s erection and
Steve doesn’t want to wait, he wants to be held. Tony’s hands are hot on his chilled skin. “We could do that,” he says against Tony’s throat. “Or, you know. We could have sex right now. Right here in the lobby, next to the stupid tree that doesn’t have a Cap ornament.” He presses his thighs between Tony’s legs and something hot and wicked sparks down his spine when Tony thrusts against it.
“No pushing!” Steve says, turning around, hands out front. “My ass is sore enough as it is—”
Tony nudged him again, closer to his cockhead, where his boxers were soaked through with precome, and Steve started licking at the wet fabric—little kitten licks, really, with the tip of his tongue.
Steve smiles back and moves to sit. “You don’t have to call me Cap off the field, you know.”
!” He wiggles his hips and spreads his legs further apart, just begging Tony to fuck him.
, and Tony stills.
“That place was expensive,” Steve finally says, and to his credit, Tony doesn’t laugh. He can't believe he can go on a shopping spree but can't handle a pricey meal.
So Tony did—he went as deep as he could, actually, knocking the breath out of Steve. Steve’s dick was clearly interested since it dribbled out more precome as Tony set the pace, slow but hard.
Tony says the font colours gave him a headache and he’s probably going to be waylaid in bed now, unable to come; Natasha says,
“Captain America is compromised!” a nearby reporter frantically yells into her mic. “I repeat, Captain America is—”
and it gets worse when Iron Man swoops him up but it also gets better because—“You’re still wearing your tie, Steve. Is that the one I got you? I have excellent taste.”
“I want to,” Steve said. “I want—let’s just do it. Gentle this time.”
When Steve’s dissolved into giggles, Tony rolls his eyes and says, “C’mon, get your ass up, we’re mopey and lame because we haven’t eaten. We’ll go someplace a little more refined.”
to feel so much like freedom. But he’s happy and sated and he won’t question it, at least not today.
Steve stands and says nothing. He waits for the verbal blows.
Tony used his free hand to pinch at one of his pert, pink nipples, and Steve reared back and
“For the love of god,” he groans, making a face at him. “
He grabs the lube off the nightstand and slicks up three fingers. He lazily skims his hand up and down Steve’s ass crack before finally pressing a finger against his hole, not pushing in.
Tony leaned over in his bed and groped for the dimmer for the lights.
.” He leans down and catches Steve’s lower lip between his teeth, gives it a nip before Steve can start laughing at him again. He soothes the bite with his tongue with wide, messy licks. “I’m gonna tell the whole world the real you is an asshole.”
” he repeats.
“It’s really a secular holiday now more than anything,” Steve says. It’s true, he’s been told and he sees it wherever he goes. “What’s not to like?”
He sees something flash in Steve’s eyes but it’s not resignation. Hell, it looks more like
on the fingers in his mouth, like Tony had
Tony shut him up by shoving him to the floor. He sealed his mouth over his again; Steve’s lips were now slick with blood and spit, easy to slide against, and Tony held him still by his wrists, taking what he wanted. He could feel him trying to rear back, evidently not wanting to put up with it because why would he—Steve was too domineering to let somebody else be in charge for even a split—
,” as he came too, down Steve’s throat, his cock pulsing inside him. The only thing he could hear was the blood rushing in his ears and the faint, slick noises coming from Steve's tight mouth.
He’s pretty sure Steve’s crying – like actually crying, tears and everything. He can hear the wet breaths, the hiccups and just sucks harder, determined to eat him out clean, to swallow all the come in him. He doesn’t care; to him, Steve tastes fucking amazing, he could lie there with his face buried in his ass for hours if he could.
“Not really,” Steve says, and there’s a glint in his eyes that Tony’s only
“You have superhuman grace and reflexes. I think you can let go of the ledge.”
He wondered what happened now. Did Steve still try to wander out of his room, but trip and fall, landing facedown on the floor and staying there until sunrise? Did he keep walking, limping his way to the door and dragging the massive bed with him until JARVIS intervened and woke him up?
He sits outside Tony’s workshop and waits. Waits for the anger to consume him and then burn itself out.
“The future,” he replies, still smiling, wide and bright.
Steve darted forward again and nearly toppled him over, but he grabbed a wrist and the side of his head, slamming him against the wall. The whole cabin seemed to rattle, dust drifting down from the rafters, lamps flickering.
,” Tony says.
They eventually broke apart and just clung to each other. “Is this going to make you feel better or worse?” Steve murmured against his cheek.
On Christmas Eve they have a home-cooked meal courtesy of Bruce (though Steve tries to pitch in as much as he can) and Tony announces their engagement. When everyone gapes at them, Steve feels pity and lets them know that
“And yet, maddeningly, they end up laughing instead,” Steve had said.
Steve had been the last to accept Stark’s invitation to live in the tower—to make their little boy band legitimate, Stark had said—and he’s still a little at sea with—with everything. And it’s not as if this ostentatious plastic tree makes him feel at
Tony’s more often surrounded by things that are made of metal and gears and batteries than things that are made of skin and sinew and blood, and he’s angry that he’s been so caught up in the dark cloud over his head that he hasn’t noticed. What else hasn’t he noticed—about the others?
“I don’t mean any offence,” Steve continues. “I was just—wondering. I’m thinking about seeing a therapist. You know, to help me adjust to,” he waves a vague hand, “all of this.”
it. You’re taking it so good, Steve. Do you want me to come in your mouth? Would you swallow it all like a good boy?”
“Yeah,” Steve says, arching up against him. “Yeah. Fuck me.” He’s already bending his legs.
So Steve does.
After a moment, Tony pulled away and chanced looking at Steve’s face.
But he tried not to talk too much. Steve himself never talked; he'd wander in silently, and wander out silently, never begging or asking permission, or even just greeting him. Tony figured he must prefer it this way; quiet and secretive. Two people just enjoying each other's bodies and expecting nothing else.
, grinding into him. He pulls himself out, sitting back to watch his come drool out of that sloppy hole.
them. She’d deserved more than a child whose medicines she had to haggle and trade for.
Tony shoved another finger into him and Steve’s eyelashes became dark, clumping together. He pulled them out and shoved back into him in a wicked pace, watching Steve’s hole flutter against their width. The needy bastard. Always so untouchable and look at him now, writhing around on the dirty floor, fucking himself on Iron Man’s fingers, blood in his mouth and pre-come slathered over his gut.
“Thank you,” Steve says.
to somebody.
“I hate kids,” Tony had said that day at the rink. “I wanna make ‘em sad, so I make scary faces.”
and pushing the can towards Steve. Their gift to each other was saving enough money so that they could take a night off to have some real, filling food; Steve would take his coins to the grocer, get apples and bread and dried goods that would last them ages, and maybe a tin of coffee. Bucky’d bring some dubious sort of meat from the butcher, all wrapped up in greasy newspaper. Sometimes he’d bring a bottle of whisky to warm their blood and maybe cheese, even. Maybe chocolate if it’d been a particularly good quarter.
“Maybe,” Steve said with a shrug, like that was the most normal line of reasoning in the world—and maybe for them, it was.
He’s looking suitably blissed out and Tony grins. His eyes are dazed, his hair’s a mess, he’s got spit and come on his lips and his eyelashes are soaking wet. “Good boy,” Tony praises, running a hand through Steve’s sodden hair. He leans down to press a dry kiss against his temple. “You were such a good boy.”
“That’s it,” Tony breathed, continuing to hold his head in place. “That’s perfect, Cap, just like that. Go for it. Take whatever you want.”
; Bruce says he’d love to. He knows they’ll all agree eventually and maybe they’re on their way to being friends; if they can stand living together, surely they could actually have
Tony awoke to an increasingly familiar weight atop him and although he probably had two hours of sleep, max, he couldn’t say the wake up call was unwanted, at least not when Steve was nuzzling into the crease between his thigh and crotch.
“Away.” And he suddenly sat up straighter, eyebrows rising up high like something’s suddenly dawned on him. “I’m not trying to compare my situation with
,” Tony snapped. “Just
But even the familiar things are just different enough to be distressing. There’s always something just a little
He broke away from the kiss—the
“I don’t think I will until you say it. Who am I, Steve?”
. I just feel so damned
He gently pressed his lips to Steve’s and hoped the action would speak for itself. Unfortunately, Steve lips remained rigidly closed when Tony tried to deepen their kiss.
“Look at you, finally being put to good use,” he said, imagining his tongue rolling over the fingers. He could sense the pressure, but he wished he could feel the heat of his mouth, the wetness.
It takes Steve a few seconds to process the loss. And then he whines, “Hurry up.”
“I wouldn’t have brought it up if I didn’t want it,” Tony points out.
By popular demand, here's a quick sequel to the quick porn. :)
, and scraped his nails down the armour’s back.
He should’ve figured something like that could only happen if it were pure fantasy. Weeks of
Tony wipes at his face distractedly, and Steve’s still a little fixated—and confused—but Tony’s saying something: “They were red and green and everything. With sprinkles. Sure, I’m only supposed to be eating vegetables and dubious-looking smoothies, but everyone cheats in winter, right? So let’s cheat some more and eat stupidly decadent foods at stupidly decadent restaurants. What do you say?”
,” he says, and pushes all the way in with one hard thrust and it feels – it feels
,” he whines, dragging out the ‘y’, and then he comes, body convulsing, breath hitching.
He spots a little Hawkeye ornament way up high. It’s dressed like an elf. “Yeah. I like the tree.”
“It’s not Fury,” Natasha says resolutely—she sounds so sure that Steve can’t bring himself to doubt her. But if it’s not Fury, then
His vision whited out, his ears rang. He could only feel a numb throbbing, and then hot blood leak from his nose and down between his lips. Steve was still moving, trying to sit up, and Tony instinctively curled the fingers that were still inside him before shoving them up as high as they would go. He’d make him scream.
getting used to. His lips – still swollen, still wet, still so pink – twitch up at one corner. “I just don’t feel like giving you the satisfaction.”
Because fuck. That was what Tony had done, wasn't it? Although when people crawled into Tony’s bed, they’d never been unconscious before, this was unprecedented, he had no way of knowing.
And speaking of murder: “Where’s Barnes?” Tony asked.
“I had my people put some things together,” Tony says from the kitchen table, like it’s nothing, and hell, for him it probably is. He’s talking through cereal and tapping away on his tablet and looking cozy and at home in a way Steve envies.
“You think I can’t take you?”
Stark looks up from the gauntlet he’s working on. He stares at Steve for a long moment. “Wow,” he says.
“Back off,” he said, his lips barely parting.
He smiles, dimly. “Electric. Made of iron, like you. She worked so hard at everything—at her job, at home. And just taking care of me took a lot out of her, and I tried to fake it, tell her I’m feeling swell, but she
,” Loki grunts.
Hell, did he still get up with a hard-on, desperately wanting a dick to fuck or suck? Did he arch off the bed in his sleep, unable to move, chained to the the metal frame and whining for it,
The place feels full, and he knows Tony feels it too, if his ever-present crinkly grin and giddy laughter’s anything to go by.
So why the hell couldn’t he rationalize his way out of feeling like a dirty old man. Didn’t turn Steve down even once, had he? Maybe if he had, Steve would’ve woken, and this could’ve all been sorted much sooner.
He combs his hair, straightens his clothes and stretches his lips into a smile; his mirror reflects a perfectly content-looking young man ready for a night on the town, ready to join all the other happy, bustling citizens of New York. “You look fine,” he tells his reflection. “Just swell. If Bucky was here, he’d say you look like—”
But looking around this place, he sees the diamonds glinting off everyone’s rings, watches, earrings. They eat with real silver and everything about them glitters under the candlelight. He’s just a dolled-up schmuck from the grimy part of town eating dinner with modern-day titans.
Steve shrugs, finally letting go of the Hulk ornament and taking a step back from the tree. “I don’t know. Shopping was always a big thing this time of year—what am I supposed to be surprised about?” They always do this, look at him like he’s either about to go into an impassioned speech about the good old days or break down into tears. If he ever
that, of course I know that. But
Stark sighs, rubbing at what Steve presumes is the scar tissue around his reactor. He does that a lot. “Sure,” Stark says. “I’ll get JARVIS on it. We should also ask the spy twins to get involved. They know all about this kind of spooky secret stuff.”
And Tony is, well,
. Or fuck me like I
That’s a thing he absolutely fucking loves about Steve: he’s always up for a challenge.
“I mean, I don’t like it either,” he goes on. “But that’s expected of me. We need someone on this team to fill the
Steve’s trying to remain level-headed and focused on the mission but sometimes he just can’t help going a little weak at the knees. God, if only Tony
and fuck him. Fuck him while Steve was fully lucid, when Steve could be—loud, maybe, maybe he’d even beg. Maybe he’d still be completely silent but it didn’t matter because Steve’s eyes would be wide and focused on him, solely on him as Tony had his way with him.
“JARVIS, Cap’s room,” he said, and a holoscreen appeared before him.
Steve stared at him in a way that seemed to cut through the armour. He stared like he knew exactly what was going on in Tony’s mind, like he knew that Tony had no inkling of a plan when he set course for this remote little island town.
He finds his prostate quick enough. “There! There,
“Oh?” Steve says, abandoning his search to instead find an Iron Man ornament. “And why’s that?”
Steve’s at a loss. “We’re not a family.”
A second later, the sceptre is pressed to his heart. Then, nothing.
Tony looks like he wants to punch Steve but instead, shockingly, he just says, “I know.”
Winter wasn’t just hard because of his sickliness, it was hard because money never came easy. No one can stay healthy without food in them, and there were days when he and Bucky shared a can of soup between them and nothing else, with Bucky always saying he's
This was a bad idea. Coming here was a bad idea. He’d needed more time. This didn’t help either of them.
Steve’s feeling guilty for showing up at such an up-scale establishment wearing dark jeans and a sweater in lieu of a suit, like most of its diners. But not
“Okay,” Loki says, bafflement writ on his face.
“It’s fine,” he says, willfully calming the stirring in his chest. And it is. There isn’t a lot for him to do in his downtime—it’s not as if SHIELD assigns homework—so he’s content to put himself to use, even if he goes alone, even if he has to leave the warm, heated tower to trudge through the wet streets and cold air of the city in almost-winter. He ladles out broth for the better part of three hours and goes mostly unnoticed (and if anyone does recognize him, they’re too hungry or tired or both to care).
he doesn’t say, but it flashes in his eyes. “I just thought you might appreciate spending time with me, having a nice, relaxing holiday—”
, the fucking slut, and he’d tell him as much, but he’s too busy focusing on his own cock and trying not to come over the mere sight of Steve.
Steve was panting, twisting his hips around, trying to—Tony wasn’t sure. Trying to force him deeper or maybe shove him out. “Use your words and tell me what you want,” Tony chided, smacking his repulsor-burned flank.
Right. Because Steve is Tony’s current project. “I’m not sad.”
Steve tilts his head, like he’s deliberating, like he hadn’t already made up his mind as soon as Tony had showed up with cupcake icing on his face. “Alright,” he says slowly. “That sounds delightful, Mr. Stark. And I’d be more than happy to accompany you anywhere because you’re sad on Christmas, and I’ve been told that that’s just unacceptable.”
“Well, there was Black Friday,” Tony continues, snapping his fingers. “That had to have rattled you a little.”
“Your ex-girlfriend runs your company,” Clint snorts, still rifling through the movie collection, looking strained constipated as he does so. “The hell is… This is the Muppets, Stark. You bought the Muppets Christmas special. For who, exactly? What good does this serve?”
He hums, moving his lips off to lick at the hole again in short, quick flicks of the tongue.
Nice offer, but. “You mean you begged me to. And no, I don’t think I will – ”
“Where in the hell did these even come from,” Clint says from the living room, picking through the apparently new-and-improved DVD collection.  “The Santa Claus. Jingle All The Way, The Grinch. Elf, really? None of us have time for any of this.”
“I was trying to keep them
But, today, he’s curled up in a blanket with the hot chocolate Tony’d promised, and that sickly kid in him is marveling at the frost designs on the windows for once, not grimacing away from them. He’s
Steve places the doughnuts and coffee on the table. “Here you go.”
He looks to Tony, who’s still staring across the street, expression thoughtful. “Would your mom have really cared about going to a place like this? I mean, sure it’d be a nice treat, but would she really have
Tony gripped his arm tighter, and stepped even closer, until he could feel Steve’s breath. His eyes flicked to those downturned lips, pink and plush and pressed very, very thin.
. His face feels hot and every part of his body is aching and oversensitive, and he knows Steve must be feeling it too, feeling worn out and well-fucked, feeling Tony's hot exhales against his ass, his hot, wet tongue fucking into his hole as his lips seal around it. But the thing is, Steve can take it
here, but its lights are at least warm and bright and that’s certainly
and Steve’s embarrassed to admit how long it took him to simply work up the courage to ask
but only in the shower, Clint likes telling people he sees better from a distance even though it’s
Tony began buckling his pants back up and got up from the cot. Steve seemed content to just lie there looking debauched and unhappy. “You want to know how I feel?”
While he’s at it, he gets Coulson, Hill, and Fury little things too, because he has no reason not to. He’s not short on time or cash. He almost thinks it’s awful for this—this
For Thor he buys some of the most ridiculous, beautiful chocolate masterpieces he’s ever seen. Real artistry—almost seems like a shame to eat them. He also buys him a large tome of Norse myths; he figures Thor would find it amusing.
“Me neither,” he said, and it was true enough. Maximoff had shown him Steve cold and dead and it had frightened him—it had arisen in him a visceral and primal terror that kept him awake for nights on end. Despite that, if he’d been strong enough in Siberia, and fast enough, Steve’s death would’ve been at Tony’s hands.
Before either of them are able to say another word, a doctor and a team of nurses bustle in.
He’d yelled at Steve when he'd found out and still couldn’t bring himself to feel overly remorseful about it. That fucking betrayed look on Steve’s face had gotten his hackles up; he was sitting there with his underwear around his thighs, spit still cooling on his dick and Steve had looked at him like waking up on top of him was the worst damned conceivable thing. He’d made a hurt little noise as he looked down at himself, when he saw how wet and sticky he was.
“You,” Steve says, glaring. “You and your cock.”
“Because I hate you.” Steve’s past trying to figure out whether or not Tony’s being serious and decides joking is his default setting, and based on his smile, Steve’s pretty sure there’s a little Cap ornament
He goes shopping.
and then I think he said something about my
He circumnavigates the crowds, he smiles at the children getting their pictures taken with Santa Claus (and promptly leaves when their parents start shooting him suspicious looks). He nods along to the insufferable carols constantly playing, he treats himself to an unnecessarily large lunch because he can.
nice that people take the time out of their busy schedules to do something generous. I
the leader of—”
He buys a thousand dollars worth of toys and donates them and feels like he could cry, not because he feels like he’s done something amazing, but because he’s done something he’d always wanted to do—he’s splurged.
He mostly sees her as strong, that’s how he remembers her. The strongest person he’s ever seen. “And I wouldn’t ask for things because I knew we didn’t have the money. And that would make her sad ‘cause she wanted to treat me— and she didn’t want me to worry about things like that. She’d ask what I wanted for Christmas and I’d just say nothing, I’m fine, I don’t need a thing. And her face would just kind of… fall. It’s okay to want things, I know it is, and now I’m want for nothing, but… God, it’s so fucking
Steve shoves him off and glides away with his head held high—he’s a grown-ass man and he’ll have hot drinks if he damn well wants them. But right now all he wants to do is see how fast he can skate (the answer: very) and try skating backwards. The chill of the wind actually feels nice and, for once, the falling snow doesn’t mean him any harm—he
He feels someone put a hand on his shoulder. He thinks it’s Sam.
, you—” He tried fisting his hand into Steve’s hair as he babbled, “God, just—here, let me help you out with that—”
?” Steve says in a gasping breath, eyes still glued on the photo. It’s
Steve makes a noise of pure frustration and reaches for his own cock but Tony swats his hand away. “You’re Tony.”
“I said I was here to
Thoughts racing a mile a minute, Steve blurts, “Loki disguised himself as me and somehow had my compass and he said
, right there
you. I shouldn’t even
Steve waits. Tony runs a trembling hand through his hair. Eventually, he says, “But you let me read the files. And. I fucking get it. I don’t want to but I do. But I still fucking hate
He places his hands over Steve’s pecs again and circles his thumbs over his nipples. He pokes them, pressing his thumbs down hard and then eases up only to
—just mindlessly fucking into Steve’s mouth. Steve grunted and choked but Tony figured he must like it—
Steve repeats in his head. “And I just thought… It’s family time, right?”
He buys Natasha gorgeous, handmade figurines, and a music box he’d grown attached to as soon as he’d seen it in the window. He’d picked it up with the utmost of care, holding it only with his fingertips. It’s an antique (like Steve, he hears Tony’s joke in the back of his head) and it’s made of polished wood and glass and metal. He doesn’t recognize the tune it plays, but it’s lovely anyway.
He wasn’t going to be getting any sleep any time soon. He leaned up and scratched at his beard, got up. He was restless; there was a twinge in his chest that wouldn’t subside, no matter how much he forced himself to focus on his work, or anything else for that matter.
He puts on one of the fine suits that had sprung up in his closet (which were, unsettlingly, perfectly tailored), and a thick coat overtop, bundling himself nice and proper, making sure he wouldn’t feel cold even slightly.
, because no matter what Tony told him, no matter how he explained it, he would always have a retort, some kind of smartass response that would sum up how Wrong Tony was. “You’re not understanding.”
He sighed, leaning back in the leather cushions and draining the last few drops of his drink. All in all, it was probably a very good thing he and Steve were locked away from each other.
And he
“You couldn’t if you tried.”
Oh. Oh
Panting, he leaned back up and saw that Steve’s mouth was so wet, even wetter now that he was drooling, saliva and precome dribbling out the corner of his mouth, coating his lips and chin with a damp sheen. His eyelashes were even wetter now, and Tony thought he might be crying—crying at how good it felt, sobbing as he chased his own pleasure as he continued to rut against Tony’s 1000 thread sheets, getting them all soaked.
“…Mainly, I’m worried about hurting you.” Steve said, oh so carefully, taking as much time as possible over every single word. And Tony actually smiled at him, and told him softly.
?” Rhodey went on far too quickly – and Tony knew he hadn’t managed to answer quickly enough.
“…Did I?” Tony asked, baffled. Trying to work out if he
use it.”
And he’d barely had the chance to talk to Tony before he came over,
Because…Wow, there was a lot in that.
an Avenger.
And he felt the sharp jolt of Tony’s fingers digging into his shoulder, as he frantically grabbed for anything to hold onto-
“Then that is also weird.” Steve finished for him.
He dug his fingertips hard into Steve’s thighs as he forced his cock deeper, until he could feel Steve grinding up against the back of his throat.
Now that he was actually putting some effort in to being the other half of an equal friendship with both of them…
And Steve took a deep breath, and looked at the floor.
“...You were kidnapped by
?” Pepper exclaimed – and Tony outright ignored her. He was too busy searching for Bucky’s number. He didn’t even know if she carried on yelling at him while he listened to that dial tone…
moment, when everything was still possible.
Steve, so clearly - like he could
And then he
But, no. He’d done all this once today. He’d decided. Stark was probably just a nice enough guy, who was smart and hard working –
Steve took the sedative cloth out of his pocket, and concealed it in his palm, and they both strolled confidently over to the staircase.
The heat of Steve breathing against his neck.
He went to pull away, and Tony knew it was to stop him from healing him, to keep the wound open, to make Tony drink more-
Even in the midst of his breakdown, Steve felt a little tug of sentimental loyalty - a recognition that Bucky had had his back since Steve was immature and petulant the first time around.
Tony carried on with that same gentle pace, his hands stroking protectively over Steve’s skin, now slippery with sweat and come. Steve let it pulse inside him, warm and steady and unhurried. Not building to anything, not wanting for anything –
Maybe Tony didn’t need ‘a rule’ that allowed him to listen to his instincts.
He realised that it was Bucky’s palm pressed against his back, holding him in position so that Steve could help him. That Bucky’s other hand was still holding a bundle of bloodstained fabric to his hip-
As expected, he’d fidgeted out of his seat again before he’d even finished with the introduction, leaving Steve perched attentively on the edge of the couch, watching Tony give his presentation.
“What
“Four,” Steve corrected, thoughtfully. Tony frowned.
...And none of that made him hesitant, or nervous.
to help. You want to make things better for people – that’s
been on a date that went this well.
It was a warm,
It was a calculated gamble, the first time - on himself, as much as Steve. It was taking a step in the hope that it would be the right one, because it seemed likely to lead somewhere better. Because, in spite of his lingering apprehension, Tony had a good feeling about it.
to do right… that he’d already decided that Captain America’s instincts were the most moral ones to follow… for some reason…
“Are you okay?” Steve asked carefully, that little hint of anxiety creeping into his tone. Tony looked up at him, fixing him with as serious an expression as he could manage in his current blissed out state.
“Well, I’m already working on providing the world with clean renewable energy,” Tony answered, robotically, “so you’re going to have to give me a bit more than that.”
The realities of the situation were beginning to feel certain, and familiar.
A thousand sparks of white hot pleasure ran over his skin, every muscle tightening towards that sensation, his head suddenly swimming from the abundance of contact-
many times-
Steve flinched to attention, and Tony snapped out of whatever he’d been thinking – a fierce objection flashing up in his eyes.
Sort of.
Steve’s fierce expression softened only slightly, as the two of them communicated that shared understanding-
He ran away with the idea of Tony being angry at him for it, hurt by it,
. But…” And Tony looked back through some of the files, his frown deepening the whole time. “…I don’t know, this whole thing reads like it was put together by someone who is mentally ill. And I don’t mean ‘this is madness’. I mean, like… The research itself is all perfectly sound, dry, research files… But the notes on these files, and the way they’ve been grouped together – and there are these, like, little monologues filed in here, as though they
Something that still felt true, whatever perspective he viewed it from.
His body softened under Tony’s hands, his frightened gasping eased into hard, ragged breaths. And Tony just stroked his hair, and kissed the side of his face very softly, and didn’t stop to think that he’d never usually do this. And then he heard the slightest edge of relief on Steve’s breathing, he
the commitment I’m making when I do this. I’m promising to love you and take care of you for the rest of your life. And I
to be devoured.
Tony had to physically swallow the emotion that rose up in him then. Excitement and delight and just… a flood of
“What’s your name?” The suit demanded.
much.
...And, God, he loved him so much.
“Oh, God, yes, Tony,” Steve stammered, his fingers curling into Tony’s hair as Tony moved down over his chest-
And grinned.
“So,” Steve murmured, “what do you want to do for your birthday?”
He remembers talking to Steve like this… He remembers being
His body, lean and tense and sheened with sweat,
So, maybe the atmosphere was still having some impact on his moods. Maybe he was still thinking and feeling things he normally wouldn’t… Or, perhaps it was more accurate to say that he wasn’t feeling all the things that would usually be there…
A realisation that he could never have shared a moment like that with Tony – and therefore, he could never have had this moment at all – just a week ago.
Tony was in the middle of yet another anxious spiral when he first noticed the sound of birdsong. He braced before he glanced up at the window, knowing that he’d see a sky coloured by that ominous pre-dawn glow. And then he huffed a bitter little breath.
Steve stopped, maybe a foot away from the main entrance, to look back at him…
of him…
have.
“Thank you,” he whispered, hoping that his sincerity was clear in his voice.
dinner,” he winced, looking directly at Steve. Steve saw Bucky’s lips part in a silent
And he leant back to look at Tony – because
“That’s not quite how I remember it…” He said. And Steve scoffed a little laugh,
“But…It
Tony felt a little smile take him by surprise. There was that pang of empathy again. That little flicker of connection, which he was starting to think might just
the one who lost my tempter. I’m the one who shouted, and made it personal. And, yeah, that’s probably because I was thinking with my feelings too much, too. And, since we’ve been here especially, I’ve thought… You know, the
“Yeah… I think I have a date.”
The sudden stop caught Steve’s attention, and he lifted his head to look down at Tony - the most wonderful look of amazed delight in his eyes, even as he narrowed them questioningly,
Steve’s mouth flooded with the taste of copper, his muscles tightening in furious panic-
They weren’t informing the authorities, because it wasn’t time to do that yet – they were only going to see if they could get an invitation to the third floor, and maybe meet the management team. Really, it was no further through the process than their break in, they were no more in need of back up, yet.
,” Pepper corrected. “Like, at all.”
environment, being looked after by a 16 year old you’d never met, and her brother, who’d spent the last three days trying to murder him. You had no doubts that one of them might secretly work for Ross, or be manipulated by the system, or just fuck it up. Even though it had all been too big a risk to tell me anything. And then, after all of that, you send me a letter that says you hope I’m not rattling around a mansion, and you hope one day I’ll understand. You never call me or contact me again in any way. And
The first thing he recognised was the sound of Steve panting… the tone of pure, blessed relief in every breath. Tony lifted his head, waiting for a wave of warm, thick dizziness to roll behind his eyes before he let his forehead rest against Steve’s.
“It’s okay sweetheart,” he assured, putting a comforting hand on Steve’s knee. “Tomorrow, we can go through everything we learned tonight, and decide where we go from there - right now, I
Tony huffed an irritated breath before he could stop himself. Truthfully, he was annoyed
by that statement-
“I haven’t changed my mind,” he said. “I mean, I promise I’ll tell you if I do…” he paused so that Tony could nod at him, approvingly “...But, no, I was
He could not let people speak for him
It caught Steve by surprise somewhat,
“So, in no particular order… Hydra apparently tortured Bucky Barnes into killing my parents. First point, I should probably work out how I feel about that, at some point. Might be a note for the therapist, that one… but, anyway, we’ll put it down. More pressingly, Hydra still have Bucky Barnes, and are still killing people, and are still running the world - That will probably end up pretty high on the list. Also, there are apparently several imminent alien invasions. Also, Steve Rogers isn’t dead, and I think I’m possibly harbouring him from SHIELD - who are Hydra - and he’s a time traveller, and also he’s in love with me. So, I don’t know, maybe we just have a section for ‘Steve Rogers Head Fucks’ and ‘Time Travel Head Fucks’ and I’ll deal with those as and when they occur to me…”
There was a moment of heady, breathless silence, as time just floated around them both, separate from them.
to you - I mean, it did talk to you, right?”
chance Obie was telling the truth about that whole bloodlust thing?”
Those thoughts weren’t relevant. Like the guy in the next room probably wasn’t thinking how The Facility fit into his view of feminism, or the woman on the other side probably wasn’t wondering if she was a rape apologist. And, of course, Tony knew this wasn’t fair in the real world – he had no intention of behaving this way in the real world.
still horrified to think of his actions.
“Well, this room doesn’t exactly fit the theme” Tony whispered, barely audible, as he walked over to one of the computers. Steve padded silently over to the other door, straining to listen over the scattergun tapping of the keyboard. “Basic security system. Good, but not pentagon level or anything…” And then Steve felt the door move just slightly against his ear, and realised that it was only pulled to – that, if he was
“So, it did hurt you, before?” Steve clarified. “Eventually, I mean?”
A startled gasp was tugged straight from his lungs when Steve went to pull his clothes down over his legs, the simple feel of his skin sending sharp shocks of pleasure deep into his muscles.
…Which actually made him panic more.
go on to have all the things he used to want, and achieve the happiness he’d once set his heart on… Steve didn’t envy him at all. He didn’t even envy him the joy of youth or the thrill of the first time-
the beauty and perfection of Steve Rogers. The chance to just gaze at him. The chance to touch him, and taste him, and feel him move.
of them sparkle,” Tony corrected lightly, moving to look over Steve’s shoulder as he mashed the tomatoes and corned beef together in one of the pans. “Those are the ones with the metallic filings in them – that was theory one…” he trailed off, as he became more and more distracted by the mush Steve was creating. Steve glanced down at it and laughed.
A feeling of wonderful, wordless calm.
“Yes,” Tony answered immediately, like he’d been completely baffled by the question. “Of course, I do – I kissed
we’d realised the potential of Tabula Rasa… People like Andrew would come to us, and say that they were struggling, and all we
He scanned for the phone-
focusing her gaze on some menial task just below the bar. Or pretending she was doing something, anyway.
Tony had untied and retied that string maybe ten times already… by now, he had his favourites among the pages they contained. And he knew it was silly to keep going back to those same lines over and over, when he had other things to read – when, of all the things he’d read, those letters probably had the least useful details…
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you,” Nat said, all too knowingly.
It had to be a question about the two of them. Him and Pepper. Whether he was happy in this relationship, whether he really wanted the future it was leading to…
, Steve had just reached into the very deepest part of him, and grabbed hold of something so deeply rooted it was part of his genetic make-up…A perspective and a defence that were so well established, it was like the rest of him had been built on those foundations. This one
But he was glad he said it anyway.
And found that Bucky was biting back a smile too.
“I don’t know – but that same boxy writing”
“Okay,” Tony nodded. There was a little flicker of scepticism behind his eyes, or surprise, or confusion,
He squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. He knew that couldn’t be right – he knew it wasn’t
It was a stalling tactic, good for thirty seconds maxim - and he already knew it.
This was everything Steve had
Even after four days of constant, focused thinking, Steve still felt like he had so much to go through. So much of his life to reconsider, so many details to analyse, so many questions to ask himself. And he’d felt like that before, of course. Actually, Steve had felt like that for most of his adult life…
“Okay, well… Why don’t we start with what happened tonight?” Tony suggested.
…And that was without Steve being a wanted fugitive.
Steve just nodded, miserably, forcing himself to at least look in their general direction as they left the room. As soon as they disappeared from view, he heard Sam pipe up,
And, God, he was so relaxed and open, moving against Tony with absolutely no resistance. Every sensation played out so honestly right there on his face, as Tony twisted his fingers inside him, working him open in a steadily increasing rhythm
argue with them. He was sure that he was
Tony barely noticed himself getting light headed. He didn’t care about
“No idea…” He accepted, with a shrug. So then Steve turned to survey the area…
like Tony thought it would be.
“Because I
And Tony would never have looked at Steve like that, if Bucky had been there. It was just too…
law. I
about it, he was still wryly awaiting a punchline for the universe in punishment for being this smug-
And Steve was sure he’d be infuriated by this later, that he’d eventually remember all the reasons it was inappropriate and complicated and unfortunate… But in the moment, it actually made everything seem much
That, one day, he would be talking to Tony about how much he enjoyed being with him on his birthday…
And, honestly… Partly, it was just that he liked to read them. Apparently, at some point in the last few weeks, he’d become the sort of person who liked nothing more than to curl up with an
“Nat, is Steve okay?” He repeated, more forcefully - and Nat shrugged.
But, of course, Steve couldn’t accept never seeing Tony again. He
“You know, I think you’re right,” Tony announced, softly, keeping his arms wrapped firm around Steve’s waist. Steve raised his eyebrows, and Tony smiled. “Well, there are probably still so many questions and so many things to talk about… and we can’t do that all at once. Maybe we do just have to do that one step at a time.”
He didn’t even know if it was nervousness or happiness - he just couldn’t help it.
Tony stepped closer to him, and narrowed his eyes again.
When he didn’t make a comment about Captain America being a real disappointment, or immediately demand that someone more confident be put in charge – when he did, in fact, just shrug in an,
And that just made Tony want this so much more.
, at all, in the first place…” Wow, this has all seemed much more coherent before he started saying it out loud.
Vaguely, Steve considered pointing out that Natasha had kept plenty of secrets just because someone said she had to - a potential treatment for the symptoms of palladium poisoning, for one.
Steve had accepted that, ultimately, what happened in Siberia was his fault. He knew he should never have hidden the truth about Tony’s parents, and that, without that mistake, none of it would have happened. And he wished now that he’d just called Tony as soon as Bucky told him about Zemo, and that he hadn’t fought Tony at that airport, or dragged all of his friends into a rogue mission to stop of army of super soldiers – of course he did, he knew there
He wasn’t sure of that, of course. There had been far too much loss and grief and trauma for Steve to be certain that he was glad of it - that the prospect of magically undoing it held
want to do.” Tony continued, “And then, obviously, there are the things that are
thrilling about letting other people watch, when Tony came to think of it.
“I don’t really have what you’d call a ‘dining area’…” Tony warned hesitantly, as he dumped the empty pans into the sink.
“Oh, God, Tony…” Steve whispered, caressing his palms into Tony’s back, his arms trembling slightly… He might even have been crying, softly.
Steve felt the hair on the back of his neck stand on end - one of very few panic reactions that remained unchanged after Operation Rebirth. He knew there was no one in the world who could be calling on him for a friendly chat.
out. And then mentally kicked himself.
Steve resolved to make a memory of this perfect moment too.
“Hey guys.”
Their tour had taken them over half a mile, and through night clubs and bars and spas and restaurants and parks and grottos – and an awful lot of sex. Sex in all of the above places, and in rooms specifically designed. There were live sex shows, and screens displaying graphic images and staff offering products for any conceivable sexual fantasy.
attention six months ago, when we discovered that it was frequented by this fine, upstanding citizen,” with a wave of his hand, the image behind him clicked through to a mugshot. Steve felt his ribs ease just slightly when he recognised the picture. Eliot Fisk – a mid-level black market arms dealer, listed as a family associate of a criminal organisation that the Avengers themselves had been investigating for weeks.
“It would appear that the diary referenced on page 229 of the Operation Rebirth file was written by an Etienne Rossinhol, at some point in the 18th Century,” JARVIS announced, “It
And what actually happened was that Tony braced a hand against Steve’s thigh, and buried himself into Steve in one hard, swift thrust.
In what was probably his first fully cognizant thought of the morning, Tony realised that the warmth and sweetness that he was trying to cling to
By the time Steve had weaved his way over to him, Rhodey had apparently become engrossed - or ensnared - in a conversation with a very enthusiastic grower. Steve caught up to them as the guy was breathlessly asking
He didn’t care.
he didn’t want to tell Pepper about any of this.
the time.
And then there was a dull
was still in combat mode – he just followed Tony’s instructions, the way he followed commands in battle. Because, in times of imminent threat, you
“Same meeting,” Nat confirmed. “They were travelling together – why, is there a situation that we should be aware of?”
” He let one hand stroke up into Tony’s hair, cradling his head with a heated tenderness, whispering closer, “all this time I thought there were all these terrible things that had happened to me - but they’re not terrible things. They’re such small challenges, such small sacrifices, for something like
He couldn’t think about this anymore. He was just too tired. Too fucking miserable.
And he
All at once, Steve realised what he’d really been looking for on this trip - and why he was never going to find it. He recognised that he hadn’t been looking for the world of Brooklyn Heights in the thirties…
Steve had no idea whether he was really hoping to discover more details about that or really hoping not to.
And, presumedly, she meant it as a way of bringing Tony back to his senses. An attempt to make Tony
sequel as yet - although, if you like to gather easter eggs, it IS written with an understanding of what the sequel will entail... But, on the face of it, it's just a little one shot about how Steve and Tony's relationship unfolds.
Steve had spent his whole life judging everything he did, and everything he was, by how much better it could have been. He’d always been too focused on his obligations and his failings to see the rest of the picture.
Those feelings were the reason he looked forward to nights like tonight, and felt connected to the modern world, and no longer felt like
And it was like he knew exactly what Steve was thinking. Like he could actually feel what Steve felt, just then.
The childish excitement melted away from Rhodey’s face as Tony spoke, settling into an expression of such genuine sympathy… It cooled some of Tony’s frustration, and made his ribs feel uncomfortably tight.
question is, do you want to make me handle it, or can I just go now?”
liked him…
But he really
to say that he didn’t have several overall goals - however he ended up reaching them.
And then Tony positioned himself between Steve’s legs, and placed his hands firmly against Steve’s knees, and very pointedly paused for a moment. Steve came to a taut, trembling stop, as Tony ran his eyes over his body.
“I’m sorry about JARVIS”
“Please don’t be sorry,” Steve responded, before he could stop himself.
Okay. Okay. So. Tony was slightly tipsy, and had inadvertently gotten Steve very drunk, while on an undercover mission on an alien sex planet… the original point of which temporarily escaped him.
...And then he remembered just how fucking weird
He wouldn’t have gotten
“I’m going!” Tony exclaimed, with comically exaggerated indignation, showing Steve the palms of his hands as he backed away.
…But it was a nice idea.
Tony grinned, a pleasant tingling running over his skin as he took Steve’s hand. Steve looked away from the hall and caught Tony’s eye, shyly, a pretty blush appearing over the bridge of his nose-
, to him…
written on there – and next to them, there were those little patterns of squares-” And he fixed Tony with a knowing look “
Steve was briefly amused to discover that even the great Tony Stark was incapable of inserting a USB without turning it upside down at least twice.
. And I see you, just keep reaching out to people, and people
Every time he reached the end of a corridor, he had to physically stop himself from just walking to Steve’s room.
“I don’t like being handed things,” Tony reminded him, in lieu of mentioning all the reasons that this whole thing was entitled and presumptuous and
And Steve couldn’t help but remember all the verbal sparring matches he’d
“Forgive me, I thought perhaps we were forgoing that formality,” JARVIS answered, coolly.
“I never spoke to anyone about it,” Wesley blurted, deliberately stepping behind the door. Steve put a firm hand out, pushing it open another inch.
Steve had spent weeks telling himself that he was
His body came to a gentle, throbbing stop around him.
….Okay, not just that.
The best he could do was to get through this situation. That was all.
Steve, pulling Tony into a bruising kiss the second the Jet landed in New York, his arms braced hard against Tony’s back…
of them were probably rational, balanced problems with the approach you were taking, that maybe I could’ve
do you mean you didn’t think I cared about you?”
Every individual server he’d cracked and copied. Every new layer of confidentiality he’d managed to break through. Every detail he’d conspired to overhear and every blueprint he’d managed to sneak a look at… Every deliberate hint he’d managed to drop, every person he’d made an impression on.
So, maybe he could take just a few seconds to look at where it all began.
...Far nicer than he’d ever been to Steve.
painfully horny right now.
His concerns for Bucky had been playing in the back of his mind the whole time, and there had been that consistent compulsion to go to him, like an itch he was trying to ignore…
...How differently Steve might’ve reacted, if-
Tony leant forward and put a hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently as Steve looked up at him.
Steve choked out a low gasp, barely registering the shock of it before Tony had pushed two fingers into him in one smooth motion. It felt so much, so
… Just, realising all of a sudden that things
But of course, Tony still didn’t believe a word of it.
“Actually, he’s not like it with everyone,” Tony replied, casually. “And - not that there’s any convincing
“…What do you mean, why?” Nat frowned back…. And then they both melted into giggles.
Tony felt his chest seize. He was overwhelmed with an emotion that he didn’t want to name.
ignored it for the time being - because they were so close now.
have bothered with a cursory question about how Bucky was feeling – if Bucky had let him. But, before Steve could even start the engine, Bucky leapt in with a teasing observation about how nervous he looked, and just like that Steve was back onto his favourite topic again.
to show Steve this, to share it with him, to make Steve understand the multi-layered importance of it. Tony made a point of telling himself so – in the playful tone of a parent, pretending to be strict in the build up to a big surprise.
Steve cut in, outright panicked now-
consider asking whether that would really be such a bad thing.
Withdrawing.
Steve felt as though he’d been hiding from Tony for days.
...Until, eventually, another thought stirred. A vague observation that unsettled something at the back of his mind. Something that jarred with his easy mood - not enough to snap him out of it, but too much to be consumed by it.
If you'd like any more detail before you read this, please feel free to message me.
...But still, it was a thought for later. Something that might provide some meaningful contemplation, when he was up to it.
“Oh, Tony
Disillusioned and bitter...
“I’m angry that you didn’t tell me what was going on, as soon as Vienna happened. Even if you felt like you couldn’t tell me about my parents – even when that had actually become a mission relevant detail, that I maybe had professional right to know, even if you didn’t feel any personal obligation – but, even then. You didn’t tell me
Bucky – in such a way that you could’ve both died.” Tony cringed. “That was… irrational, unreasonable, dangerous behaviour – and just so you know, I
Steve couldn’t help smiling at that little detail.
Bucky looked up at the window, and the watery light that was streaming through the half-closed drapes, and frowned thoughtfully… and then gave a nod of assent.
He drained his glass and brought it down on the counter with too heavy a bump. He let go of a weary sigh, and accepted that his head wouldn’t be quiet again for a very long time. There was no point in trying to force a stop on these thoughts.
Did Tony really want
stop them doing it
And then Bucky looked up and saw Tony standing there, pausing mid-rant to catch Tony’s eye.
“You know, I think you two will benefit from being here more than anyone” She decided. And Steve huffed out a dry little laugh,
Right in front of his eyes.
“What
...and he knew, objectively, he would likely do more harm than good, if he said something right now. He knew that this was a sensitive topic, that he’d learned about under unfair circumstances, that he was in no fit state to think about properly - and that he probably would’ve fumbled regardless. He
A renewed sense of purpose, a more excited motivation to finish this mission and get back to what was really important.
That it wasn’t,
And Tony thought about it for a moment.
He thought of the efforts Steve had gone to, not to hurt
And now he was here, and he still didn’t know.
the things he’d done today seemed so much more anxious and uncertain and complicated than they were at the time-
“So…What happens now?” Steve asked, miserably, resisting a growing temptation to wrap his arms around himself.
Well, it wasn’t so much a room as the point where several corridors intersected.  Six plush couches arranged in a hexagon, each facing a long, dark hallway. The couches were black. The walls and floors and ceiling were all painted black… and now that his eyes were beginning to focus again, he realised that the world wasn’t shimmering – it was just that everything was embedded with
“Okay, that’s something,” Tony mused, glancing up at the door.
“…You’re scared of needles, Captain Rogers?” Stape asked, curious rather than mocking.
Steve’s body jerked inwards, his cock pulsing with a sharp, searing pain. He was still so sensitive, still flooded with the afterglow of the last time Tony made him come-
it had occurred to Steve, in some wordless way, that this wasn’t the way Nick had spoken to him the last time they talked. Part of him might’ve recognised a curiosity, trying so hard to stir, under all those layers of denial. But he was trying so hard not to think past the end of his nose that, if anything, Steve was actively looking away from that issue, determined to avoid it even for himself-
He’d realised so many fears, all at once-
“…Okay, I don’t really know what a vampire is. But fine,” Bucky conceded, easily. “As long as you’re sure I really didn’t hurt him.”
a memory - he knew this was just him imagining something that Tony might say…
. And Steve felt an immediate clawing of pain in his gut, and he wished it weren’t so easy to name.
…At least he’d tried to make one.
, people who’ve never spoken to me, people who don’t know the first
“Jesus, come on!” Sam barked, as the three of them instinctively crouched to the ground. And then he lowered his voice to a harsh whisper to add, “what are you trying to do, send up a flare?”
“Oh… Steve, God-” Tony panted, as a hot, sharp pleasure flooded through him.
“And, you’re right, I don’t really know what I’m talking about, and if I’ve just massively put my foot on it or said something really insensitive, then I’m really, really sorry…”
Another open plan space, with several office desks that had clearly been abandoned at speed. There were jackets left hanging over the backs of chairs, and still steaming coffee cups sitting next to quietly humming computer monitors. There was another set of doors on the left hand wall that they would have to keep an eye on, as well as the double doors they’d just come through… and there was the possibility that there were people coming down those stairs to meet them… So, basically, they were vulnerable from all sides, then.
The horrible, personal,
Steve caught the flash of honest excitement and innocent joy in Tony’s expression, before he had a chance to cover himself. He could still see the shadow of it in the performative demeanor Tony adopted when he answered, in a mock nonchalant tone,
She shouted, with a smile and a theatrical wave “
wanted to, just because that still made sense to him-
“C’mere’” Steve murmured, curling his hands over Tony’s hips and pulling him up into his lap. Tony gave a delighted yelp of surprise, that simmered down into a playful giggle as he locked his legs around Steve’s thighs. He exhaled slowly, as he let his back settle against Steve’s chest.
, and roughly where I think I’m up to right now - and that is it,” he resolved, talking to himself now. “I am just going to decide
precisely the point. It
“Tony…” Steve whimpered, in such a raw, vulnerable tone-
The colour of her lips
It was the tone of his voice that did it.
Like he was always supposed to.
And at last he surrendered to a shrug, his stomach coiling tight as he waited for Tony to say something.
That every objective detail really did back him up on this – that he could honestly say he’d worked this out, as much as felt it.
always been the same. And Father, he – he just tried to tell the Councils, ever since he was a little boy, that they couldn’t just keep following the same traditions and doing the same things for thousands and thousands of years. That they couldn’t just keep teaching their children the same things, that they had to explore new things – that they had to
“That’s not helpful,” Steve remarked, and then winced, and then threw Bucky another apologetic look,
So far, every specialist they’d spoken to had been an ass – each in their own special way. There was the guy who just pulled Bucky’s arm around like a piece of equipment, in spite of numerous reminders that it was attached to him. Then there was the woman who continued to ask
...And he certainly couldn’t call this burning, bodily yearning a
But Jesus, all Tony wanted to do was throw his arms around Steve’s waist and bury his head in Steve’s neck and tell him every fear and frustration he had in his head… He
The unthinkable, unbearable idea of losing Tony… Of it all being his own stupid fault.
And then Steve ran his thumb over Tony’s hole, firm and determined and just a little bit rough, and sent burning pleasure shattering through the very core of him.
But so close now,
just said all that.
“Tony-” It just broke out of Steve’s chest, like he’d have yelled if he’d burned himself. A physical reaction – fuck knows what he thought he was going to follow it up with. But by now his ribs ached with the force of just,
Steve watched, almost in slow motion, as the idea flashed up behind Nick’s eyes. He
“Well, I’ll give you as long as you need to discuss it now” She went on  “And to discuss what sort of fantasies you might have, and, if you still want to do this, you can come and get me whenever you’re ready. Then I’ll give you the Ambience, and you can go up to the Third Floor.”
He remembers more quickly, this time.
tell me… Because you wanted to. And I thought, you know, maybe it was a long shot, but… I just knew that, no matter how much I like you, I could never be with you unless you were prepared to be with me. Unless you
“Hm?” He squeaked. Tony responded with that same soft laugh, and Steve was faced with the unique discomfort of melting and tensing at the same time.
Still, it hit him like a sledgehammer.
And, God, it really was hard to take a step forward – was he moving really slowly, or-?
Until he snapped under the strength of it.
All the things Tony might’ve been able to do, to find Bucky or help Bucky or whatever it took to protect everything he’d ever built – if Steve had ever given him the chance. If Steve hadn’t decided that Tony would just have to accept the best that other people could do. That, on balance, it was better to risk Tony’s entire world than risk telling him the truth.
feel a certain way.
except me. You called Clint, and didn’t think for a second that he might say, hold up Cap, Tony’s my friend too. You brought Scott Lang in, and you didn’t know if he was Ross’ secret lover, when you did that. You called Wanda, and she was literally the bad guy in the last fight we had. And all of you got together and discussed this thing like a team, because you knew when it came down to it you’d only have to say you needed help, and they’d be loyal to you –
In all honesty, Steve had been hoping that he wouldn’t get as far as 5 when he
The Avengers were all still strangers to one another then, and all from a completely different time to Steve. They ate that meal while Steve was still reeling from the greatest loss he’d ever known -
“Hm? Oh –
Until, some time in the early evening, another car pulled up on Tony’s driveway-
to predict the individual reactions, per se – you’re interested in the correlation between the
“I got to wondering
that loyal. You can’t say, yeah, I do think there is an army of Super soldiers, and I really would like your help with this, but could you be just a
bad at this, apparently. Very out of practice, you know… But, yeah, I like you. A lot. Enough that I’m seriously wondering if it’s fixed my back pain.”
Oh, that part had been real.
“And, then I realised”
not-that-good, if I’d thought of it as a serious political process, to
to say things like that – that he was
And he was finally beginning to believe that
hunger on his face as he swept his gaze over Tony’s body, his hands curled into fists like he was clawing at his own palms.
thinks.” And he dropped his eyes, slightly embarrassed.
Then thinking it was exciting.
person who could access the software, and now I can’t perform my
had the feeling that ‘going with it’ might not be quite as simple now as it was last night… Now that he thought of it, he was beginning to recognise that this feeling came in waves. That it was stronger at some times than others. That it didn’t always feel the same…
He huffed irritably and refocused his attention on his work desk, looking for something,
to say anything else?
reasons,” Jesse continued, oblivious. “And, seeing as you have no real choice but to comply, and there’s no threat to yourselves or to global security if you comply, I would strongly suggest you comply. Because,” and he dared to take a step closer, as though to emphasise his point, “no one here really wants to use the more painful, more dangerous methods at our disposal. The
“So, you didn’t say that already?” Rhodey frowned at him.
quickly now-
…But that instinct just didn’t kick in.
being drugged into submission.”
he was asking Tony to accept a compromise or an uncertain future, rather than taking it on himself.
he hated this so much – because it brought that day so much closer. Because it had reminded him that the whole thing was just play pretend, and had always been play pretend, even when he’d slipped into thinking of it as real.
“Okay, we
. “Bucky Barnes is being used as a weapon of mass destruction by Hydra, right now - and also, Hydra used him to murder my parents. And also,” and he gave up with the counting thing completely, instead throwing his arms out in a gesture to everything, generally, “SHIELD is being run by Hydra, a Norse God is out there somewhere planning an attack against earth, and a mad Titan is already out there collecting Infinity Stones as part of a plan to kill half of all life in the universe - which you already watched him do, once?”
The one that would never speak any louder, because he
to live in the moment anymore.
to say something. Even if it was going to be difficult. and confrontational, and even if he still didn’t know what was going to come out of his mouth, he
It was such a mundane, functional consideration, for someone who’d just that second stepped out of fairyland-
So, he did.
And, of course, she nodded sharply, immediately keen to comply – Tony suspected it would’ve been exactly the same, whether they’d had the drugs or not. Steve shot Tony a quick glance of confirmation before he whispered,
“Wow, your elementary school was intense,” Steve commented offhandedly, and Tony snorted a laugh.
Ah, what the hell.
Steve grinned again and took another mouthful. He quite liked that Valkyrie had given them a gift for their vacation… And, although even Asgardian liquors did little for him, and the buzz tended to wear off quickly, there was something quite nice about being able to ‘have a drink’ right now. Simply being able to partake in the ritual of it, to experience one of those small moments that other people took for granted – things that, up until recently, Steve had assumed simply weren’t for him…
…If he should really be trying to get out of it.
this moment was. Beyond any of the trivial things he’d ever worried about, beyond any of the frivolous things he
And then he felt Steve’s hands curling around his waist, gripping him harder, pulling Tony into him – hitting his prostate again. A sudden, jagged shock sliced through the thick, pulsing sensation Tony had been floating on, tugging him back into that state of immediate, focused need. And then again, and again, faster than Tony could process it. It ran away from him so quickly, curling hot and low inside him, almost painful-
“So, what’s going on?” He asked, when he couldn’t bear the tension any longer. Tony breathed a self-deprecating laugh.
Thrust up into him before he could
Buoyed by his more pleasant emotional revelations in 1938, Steve made the bold choice to tackle the trip he was most dreading.
Oh, this was going to be horrible. Beyond horrible. This was going to mean clawing every one of his worst nightmares to the surface, putting his entire sense of self, his whole concept of reality, into question…
The doubts and questions and worries that just weren’t there.
...Which had meant recognising all of those horrible things.
“...No, not really,” Steve sighed. Tony pinched his lips in a sheepish smile,
Tony had this all wrong.
“So, you want to make sure SHIELD stays operational?” He clarified, after a moment. “That’s why you want to separate the two things?”
Surprised by the immediate rush that came with it.
For a moment, he simply let his eyes run over the chaos of information, waiting for one issue to make itself known as the priority right now.
He imagined Bucky being killed trying to stop it, yelling at Steve for his selfishness and stupidity as he died-
Instead, he sank into his ugly, beige couch - which did at least look like a thousand couches he'd hated in the forties. He rubbed his eyes and groaned softly, even though there was no one there to hear it. He just couldn’t work up the energy to go through his usual list of anxieties and neurosis at the moment … and he genuinely didn’t know how else to take up his time.
But it would be different, on Anni Vara.
“Mr Stark! Captain Rogers!” Came an exhilarated cry, followed by a dull, drunken cheer. Steve and Tony both flinched, and then looked towards the bar. The crowd had parted to clear a narrow path, through which they could see an excited bartender waving at them enthusiastically - beckoning them over. “Our guests of honour!” He announced, to another round of cheering. “Please, what can I get for you?”
Instinctively, he began searching backwards through their conversation, trying to remember exactly what he’d said, and work out how it
That Tony’s lips were impossibly lovely, especially when he was sleeping.
“Tony-”
And then his brilliant idea reoccurred to him.
would’ve seen the point in keeping that secret, when you were the poster boy for the allies, and, I don’t know, maybe when the world wasn’t ready for it…” And he glanced up, looking at Steve through his eyelashes when he carried on, “but, maybe if you thought about it
“Er, yeah…” he answered, completely dazed, still staring at his phone.
So Tony swallowed again, and again, letting that feeling warm him through from the inside, the pain melting away from his limbs, his muscles loosening and lightening…
But under that numb static in his head there was the strangest urge to smile.
Big towers meant equipment and power.
“Well, in complete fairness to the old guy, that is literally what happened when you met me, almost scene for scene. Not all of his predictions were accurate, or even coherent, but I think we have to give him that one.”
tell Tony that? Was that going to seem so obvious an answer, once he wasn’t breathing Bulsaran air?
Tony froze.
works. Which it might be, because seriously - how does a digital tape brain work? That
Really, what was the big deal about learning a bit more about himself?
of his attention to ordering the food.
Because Tony suddenly had the impression that he’d focused so hard on the places they disagreed, and the differences between them, and the experiences they didn’t share, that he’d blown them out of all proportion. That he’d somehow failed to grasp what incredibly strong foundations they’d been building, even when it’d
And then awe
And, anyway, he had more urgent things to be thinking about-
Pepper had always been better at getting information out of him than Rhodey was – probably because she rarely outright asked him to talk about things. She was always sneakier than that. She gathered her information indirectly and subtly, with seemingly unrelated enquires and little, innocent sounding questions when he was only half listening… Tony knew she had collected all sorts of details about Steve over the course of the last few weeks, despite his best intentions.
, you make me so happy…”
“I thought I was going mad!” He exclaimed, too loud and too sharp. And he saw Steve flinch, and he really tried to calm himself - but- “I have
“Yes,” Tony panted. His voice felt different. Everything felt
Tony clenching hard around him, trembling with the force of it-
And no one wanted to say why.
Which was as far as he got, before he heard the footsteps approaching from the end of the corridor. A flutter of anticipation broke out in Tony’s stomach as he turned towards the door-
He glanced around the deserted lobby, energy collecting in his muscles as he thought about all the things he
kind of gesture, “I...you know what, just one…”
“No, I’m not here because I knew your dad,” he very deliberately answered that question first. “I’m here for
Some mild sub/dom themes are explored, although there is no threat of pain, punishment, withholding or humiliation, and it's all very consensual. I think it's pretty safe, but if you have any specific triggers, please feel free to contact me.
Steve scoffed at himself.
...Okay, he was aware that one was a bit of a stretch.
. They lied to me from the moment I woke up. They decided I wasn’t ready to hear what year it was and sent an agent in a costume to lie to me. They brought me in to retrieve the Tesseract with no intention of telling me what they were using it for. They never told me who else they were bringing in - they never even told me you would be there. Nick was sending me on ‘compartmentalised missions’ for years, and if
“I don’t know, you’ve got this real gift for making self-destructive, dumb stuff sound like a good idea,” Rhodey sighed, affectionately.
He could understand the words,
Which was some small comfort, at least.
Tony stirred into consciousness with the resentful, disappointed feeling of someone trying to hold onto a pleasant dream…
“Cherry Bakewell.”
The fact that he couldn’t have
It wasn’t that he thought the hard work was over.
He never considered that he might find a partner who really loved him, for everything that he was - that he would ever really trust that. Tony had never imagined a relationship where there was literally no pressure on him to hide, or to change.
to talk about, before you talked properly about anything else.
Steve
An entirely different kind of smile warmed through Steve, at that. Something deeper and more meaningful. He was
Steve let his face settle into a comfortable smile as he and Rhodey wandered their way along the rows of flower stands, more having a general look around than looking for Nat and Pepper, per se.
Tony had decided that this was definitely his favourite part.
change, now.
He forgot what he was going to say next, as he was saying it…
Steve hissed, flinching upright, his muscles tightening and trembling under the shock. A thousand needle sharp shivers ran over his skin, his cock pulsing against his stomach as every nerve lit up. He blinked, and looked at Tony-
bad, when he finally worked out how to process ‘bad’ on that sort of scale-
“Well, I promise to be an objective judge,” Steve squeaked.
a little voice in his head, casually reminding him that this was all very odd. Like a friend making light of how bad something would look on paper…
And, yeah, to be honest… Maybe Steve would’ve been bothered by that in the end, if Tony hadn’t addressed it. Even though he had so clearly understood Tony’s frustration with his choices, even though he knew some of them
a nervous wreck in general, and angry all the time, and I didn’t know what I thought, and I never knew if I’d still think the things I’d said, in the morning, or if it would just be the mood I was in… And I know, it sounds really simple,
His body was instantly flooded by the heat of it, the shock of it, the overwhelming wonder of it - everything he would have felt the first time Steve said it, if he’d not been too busy bracing for his world to end…
The memory of Natasha, asking about the baby that was going to be named after her. The child who was now named after
“I will, I promise,” Steve agreed eagerly, nodding earnestly. And then there was a sudden shout in his head, a little voice that Steve had forgotten all about until it cut in, seemingly from nowhere, “but only if you want to.”
he was doing. Steve was barely conscious of his body-
wife and kids. That’s always what scares me about every choice I make, so maybe that
And Steve’s shoulders just fell from under him, his head lifting of its own accord –
“And you’re sure you aren’t forgetting anything?” JARVIS asked, wryly.
“Okay, well, I think I know a way we could possibly get their attention” Steve sighed “So, we probably
And a blinding flash of light.
year.” And Steve laughed.
“This isn’t good.” Tony commented – and, weirdly enough, it did help. It pulled Steve out of his own head, back into a strange situation he was sharing with someone else… a situation that physically existed-
“And I’m annoyed at you, as the self appointed head of a team that called me a back stabber, that said you could never trust a Stark, that rolled their eyes at me when I went there to
Tony snuggled closer to him again, a silent agreement to listen. But before Steve could begin his explanation, Tony warned him again,
It meant going through all the issues that had been there before, and asking himself if they really had worked through them now
Usually, when making a choice like this on behalf of someone else, the first question is
that it hadn’t knocked him out….
“Hi, Janine” Tony nodded, and Steve just smiled, shyly.
“Yours,” he promised, because it was all he could manage before his voice was swallowed up by the emotion.
Everything felt
” Steve corrected, in a cold, dark voice.
this bond turned out to be.
It didn’t matter that Tony hadn’t been thinking any of this yesterday. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t expected this and couldn’t explain it. It didn’t matter that this was all so unlike him, and so contrary to everything he’d ever told himself, and so at odds with everything he thought he knew.
, as he leant into his neck, so that he could whisper close to his ear, “I trust you, Steve.”
After a second or two, he became aware of that pressure - the knowledge that Tony was still right there, looking at him. Begrudgingly, Steve turned to face him… And Tony
But coming as an isolated theory, an instant
” Steve warned. “You
He was supposed to feel anxious, right now…
Having
He just couldn’t help how much he wanted things to be a certain way.
And Tony’s eyes snapped up to meet his… Such
“But the thing is, Tony.” Steve carried on, pointedly, waiting until Tony stilled again before he went onto his next point.
“Oh, you look fantastic!” The assistant beamed, without a trace of irony.
And for maybe a minute, nothing moved. Even the thoughts in Tony’s head stopped still, like the whole universe had called a minutes silence in respect for this impossible event. He just let Steve lie there, his fingers still threaded through Steve’s hair, and he didn’t think at all.
This would be the first person he’d met in twenty years.
But there was no denying he was greatly reassured by all of that - which was probably the first positive thought that had crossed his mind since Steve left.
And Tony just listened.
And then he saw that hurt flash up in Steve’s eyes, and
“I’d say that counts as a loophole,” Tony reassured, light-heartedly. “You have a solid argument for wearing an armoured sweatshirt.”
He wasn’t strong enough for this.
“Oh, you eat them,” Dr Arden answered.
Steve preferred to keep it as the night with the ball bit.
“What, you mean you’d die for me more than you’d die for other people?” Tony quirked an eyebrow at him.
seeing you like this…”
Which wasn’t to say that he hadn’t
And he knew, really, it wouldn’t be a big deal if he
He had just recognised what a big thing it was, to have taken a life
He slid the card out of the envelope, and his little smile immediately broke into a grin.
- although he had no idea who it was.
And then that searing, stretching pressure of Steve pushing his cock inside him. That burning, almost-painful pleasure of Steve forcing him open, slowly filling him up. Tony choked off a moan, his breath catching in throat as his Steve finally filled him completely, his cock pressing up against that sweet spot inside him, Tony’s whole body now throbbing in sharp desperation,
“...Rossinhol something,” Wesley muttered. “Some guy just called me, asked me to get some pictures. You know. It’s… what I do…”
“So…where do you think we should start, looking for answers on this thing?”
How Steve knew Tony’s movements well enough to meet them so naturally, why he was so completely powerless against Tony’s intentions…
ask far too much of you, still… And you are still so good every day, to carry on with it.”
tough… but is it a bad thing?”
And Steve saw the self-conscious little smile. The way Tony dropped his eyes briefly before he answered,
Steve breathed another sob, flexing his wrists against the air.
He wasn’t sure where to put this rush of surprised excitement - whether this was a poorly timed but entirely ordinary response to hearing his crush say that, or a swell of guilty relief to hear that a friend understood this feeling, or yet another
Tony knew better than to twist facts to suit theories. Even really, really compelling ones… But he couldn’t help it if this idea had grabbed him, if it felt right - if it
It was going to mean trawling through all that creepy, ridiculous mythology, all those terrifying physiological details, all those awkward psychological questions.
He wondered where Steve was right now… The cabin was booked up until the end of the following week, but Tony really couldn’t remember if he’d mentioned that in his letter. He’d
Oh, this was
sorry for, at one point… But he’d had a lot of time to think recently. Not only on his unexpectedly impactful mission through time, but in the six months he’d already been in this timeline.
Tony thought about telling Steve that he’d have liked him so much
“And it’s going to be at least another two weeks before we can bring Bucky home-”
be. That genuine warmth in Tony’s expression seemed to ease one fear and stoke another… Not the reaction Steve had been most scared of, but still, not quite
, when standing in front of a clusterfuck of other people’s mistakes… Just acknowledging that for him was such a huge thing Tony had just done… and he probably didn’t even realise…
But none of that stopped the heat pulsing under Steve’s skin. If anything, it all just melted into one giddy, queasy sensation. Shame and desire, confusion and clarity…
“I don’t
He hadn’t realised that Tony had to drink every day. That there would be such a visible impact to being a few hours late.
that he’d reached his limit so much as simply found himself there. Whether it was right or wrong, it seemed that further analysis would just
“Initiate the what? The transfer?” He demanded. “What does that mean?” Scaramouche held his palms up in a placating gesture.
And it wasn’t any vampire impulse that had drawn him to Steve – it was being drawn to Steve that had brought out these instincts. Finding someone that special, falling that far in love with him… That’s where the desire for Steve’s blood came from, what the strength he drew from Steve was intended for-
“… The
Time stopped.
“...I came to return this,” Steve skipped to the end, his hand still slightly unsteady as he held the Soul Stone out between them. The Red Skull simply looked at it.
More important than that.
“I keep telling you, you’ll just end up with them burnt on the outside and raw in the middle…” Clint sighed, giving the BBQ a token jab anyway…
be sympathetic and supportive, at least about parts of it…
“Tony, I’m not
Steve like this…
And then, begrudgingly, he kicked his brain into gear. Resolving to deal with this catastrophe, like someone rolling their sleeves up in anticipation of a new day at the office…
Which was the first Tony had realised that it was even there.
. Dazzling, shiny bright, brilliant and blinding and…
intervene.
to… whatever being a vampire is really all about. Which is probably a lot different to being… whatever the hell I am… But.”
than Steve-
made him feel better.
So that he could organise his thoughts.
Better.
“Yes, Sir.”
Tony left the empty bag in the indentation on the countertop, and moved to cast an eye over the research that JARVIS was still loading for him.
Happiness, or… excitement maybe...
… The mottled bruises and just-healed wounds.
bothered to think about it, it probably would’ve been as a minor inconvenience to get through. Of all the 21
Everything had looked so different that first night. When he and Steve had walked through these grounds in stony silence, eyes fixed firmly on The Facility as it loomed ahead of them… It had seemed so much more ominous, as a silhouette against a starry sky. Bigger. The lush green gardens had seemed to crowd around them as they walked that pathway, an unsettling feeling of being watched from the hedges… The paved courtyard in front of the building had felt so vast when then were walking across it, the stairs that lead up the main entrance had looked so grand and imposing…
someone… And probably not just one…”
to make Tony move – so he wouldn’t.
else he needed to worry about?
“I’m from the forties,” Steve laughed, “I’m guessing you don’t know terrible food.”
Steve groaned out loud at himself, clenching his fists hard at his sides. And then he forced himself to walk over and snatch another punching bag up from the stockpile -
“My beautiful, perfect Steve,” Tony breathed, stroking his palm along Steve’s leg.
“What?” Tony shrieked. “What, why? Where?”
That pleasure just crashed through him like a wave, surging up along his back all the way to his shoulders. His cock burned now, leaking steadily against his skin. And just as his head stopped spinning, Steve thrust into him again, sharper and shallower and harder, and again, sending one wave of sensation crashing straight into another. And then Steve slid one hand over the curve of Tony’s hips, over his thighs, and then tugging at his balls – sending a sudden spark of pleasure deep inside him-
And Steve had just started scrambling for a reply to that, when Tony strolled over to meet them,
He wanted to see Steve again.
a feeling, it was almost sharp. It seemed
of an inch away from taking hold of it-
Jesus, Tony felt that look at the pit of his stomach. That completely honest affection and awe, and desire, still – all entirely for him.
“You really think that one day you’ll ‘attain an innate understanding of who is ready to die’, or experience a ‘moment of physical joy’ when you kill someone?” Rhodey pressed on, gently. And Tony felt his teeth clench, just at the rhythm of the words… It had been so long since he thought about the specific phrases Obie had used.
differently now-
Oh - it was
And then, before Steve could look over to the pile of bloody limbs at the other end of the room, his eyes caught on Tony.
And Steve laughed, just because Rhodey was laughing. At how
“Did you just come?” Bucky asked through a laugh. Steve winced so hard it hurt his ribs - recognising that he was probably being a tad over-sensitive about the sexual references…
imagine what he’d be doing day to day, for any of that to have been possible. He couldn’t imagine it happening alongside him being Iron Man, or working the way he always had. He couldn’t imagine how they resolved any of their fundamental differences in order to get them to those happy moments…
“Who....”
“No, it’s okay, of course it is,” Steve managed it more naturally the second time, standing up to leave.... Hesitating for a few seconds, in the hope that Tony would meet his eye again…
In a panic Steve thought back to all the well-meaning advice he’d been given about life in the 21
was still real…
It was enough to stop the laughter in Steve’s chest. Enough to extinguish all the warmth in him, somehow…
And so…
And, without even knowing it, Bucky had assumed an end to the sentence. He remembered that particular tone of Steve’s. That tendency he had to talk as though he was scared the mic was still live - that determination to say the correct thing, however obvious it was that he wasn’t thinking it-
And then he looked at Steve with an almost helpless look in his eyes,
And we finally get to hear something from Tony's POV!
...Whether he should’ve at least
hate me,” Steve sulked, dropping his arms so that he could stare mournfully at the ceiling. “And I don’t even know what would be worse. If he’s just always hated me, since the moment I met him, and I’ve spent the last three years being an idiot.
of what was going on, even before Bucky brought it up. And he’d already thought that it was going to be difficult to put into words, and there were parts of it he wasn’t comfortable sharing, and there were bits that might not be his to tell… That it was likely to be a confusing, arduous conversation, when it did happen.
That’s why he was so keen to explain himself – to reshape this narrative, for himself as much as for them.
his brain supplied the name; Maribelle. One of the people responsible for the enslavement of an entire city, he reminded himself.
“Okay, so, the good news is, turns out I don’t have to do as many tests as I thought,” Tony began, brightly. “I managed to get a lot of the details I need from your previous scans. There are just a few things that no one tested for yet… and a few places where I don’t trust their tests.”
Suddenly, Tony could feel himself standing in front of a distinct line. A moment that could fundamentally tip the balance. A moment there may be no coming back from.
His efforts to avoid Tony had been pretty half-assed, but they did at least stop Steve from actively planning his entire day around where Tony might be. It meant he couldn’t justify going up to the labs for no reason, or going to the breakroom in the middle of the night - not if he was
don’t get to tell me to handle my pain better, or get over it quicker. You became a serial killer when the people you loved died, so you can shut up about this not being okay. Like losing my temper at a BBQ is beneath my dignity -
to do,” Steve assured him. “And being there to support you, even at the hardest times, is exactly what I want to do, more than anything else. And I would rather have any relationship with you, whatever it looked like, than settle for any other life.”
And, heaven help him, Steve actually laughed.
“Because it doesn’t mean anything,” Steve answered, with a little more passion in his voice. “There is no actual criteria for that word. People just use it to describe things that they don’t like, or that are outside of their comfort zone. Except that, if they said,
“On the other hand - this means that
Just…smiling. Because it was funny, or happy, or just kind or nice.
Varian, to help an alien use a human system. In fact-“ And he scrolled back through a few of the pages he’d just looked at. “Yeah, a
And then the front door opened, before he could even ring the bell-
“Steve, I… I’m so sorry” He whispered, his face full of such
3. TBH, all of the above to various degrees for other characters - although, I'll be honest, Wanda does mainly get the brunt of this, for no other reason than I thought it the most likely clash under the circumstances.
He immediately fell into a fast, sharp rhythm, letting Steve’s cock drag over the back of his tongue, forcing him back into his throat again and again-
time since Steve had been able to entertain thoughts like that…
…things he felt like he’d missed the chance to say…
pretty” Tony replied, “And she usually wears red.”
Tony shrieked again, kicking up a wide spray of water, his body tensing against Steve’s ribs.
“But if you asked me to let you go, I would,” he said. “If you wanted me to let you go, I would.”
…And it really,
“Er… Well, if you’re
A sharp, stabbing panic that was kind of compulsive – like a wound he wanted to pick.
To Sam and Wanda, it was still 2019. That was the shared experience of half the world now - if that half put their foot down and insisted that it
He tried, but suddenly there was just no power left in him. Every inch of him felt heavy, his thoughts seemed thick and blurry in his head. And there was a stab of such brutal, anguished sadness in him as he acknowledged-
happy”
Then he would obviously have seen it.
“This is all because I like spoiling you,” Tony corrected-
Steve froze, every muscle coiled tight anticipation, as he tracked that ominous creaking sound through the ceiling above him…
And, even if Steve could go back, and redo everything from that moment onwards… Tony wasn’t sure that would be a good thing, either. Even if Steve
kept a secret once, because I was panicked and pressured and trying to keep people from getting hurt – that’s who I am. I am
chasing him. And holding a gun to the head of everyone on earth. And literally in the middle of bombing him, at the exact moment he found all that out.
Because he had to start
I have ever wanted,” Steve promised, his voice low and gritty with need, “you are everything anyone could ever want - you are more wonderful than anything I could have dreamed up, more spectacular than anything I could’ve asked for… You make everything make
all of a sudden.  There was a sharp thrill along Steve’s spine as he was forced onto his back, the instantly dizzying idea that… He really wasn’t sure he could have stopped Tony doing that-
couldn’t remember how to play that role, how to make sense of it – how it could possibly fit with the world as he currently saw it.
His orgasm crashed though him, surging up through his back and deep in his thighs, that pressure breaking into an overwhelming, dizzying release. He squeezed his eyes shut, his arms wrapped tight around Tony’s waist, bracing against the sheer intensity of it. And then Steve’s limbs fell away from him, his muscles falling loose as all the tension was washed out of him, leaving him entirely helpless to the shocks still running though him.
enough time to rethink all of his priorities, all of his memories, his entire sense of self. It wasn’t long enough to make a decision this big. Tony couldn’t commit to walking away from this, or to
A worry, that everything was going to feel really bad again, when he finished coming down from whatever this episode had been-
“Also, they’re
about Afghanistan, Nick. Tony finds out the person closest to him had set him up to be killed. He has his body modified without his consent. He was locked in a room and ordered to engineer on demand. And then you send someone in to get close to him, and set him up. You stick a needle in his neck without warning, much less asking for permission. And then you lock him in his house and order him to engineer on demand, or else Coulson will taze him - which would have killed him, by the way. What, were you trying to run a tribute to his trauma, Nick?”
“The exact opposite of busy,” Steve raced to assure him. “Bucky and Sam are off on some retrieval mission, and Nat is training with the Maximoffs all week – I’m actually standing here wondering what the hell to do with my day.”
“Well, assuming we can figure out how to, and unless we have any evidence that it’d be a moral problem to do that, then yeah – unless you’ve got a better idea?” And it did sound like a genuine, well intentioned question. Which Steve just answered.
“How long have you worked here?” Steve frowned, suddenly, like the thought had just occurred to him.
Still, that didn’t seem to be the thing to be focusing on, right now.
to pause for at least long enough to get his legs out of the pool.
There was an ominous creaking sound as Steve slammed the car door.
...And then he
this fell within them. That it wouldn’t fall on anyone else's shoulders if he stopped for a day. That the mission wouldn’t be compromised…
“J?” Tony passed the enquiry on, still gazing at Steve, his fingers still curling in Steve’s hair.
Tony moaned, wrapped his legs tight around him, twisting a fistful of Steve’s hair in a brutal grip as he rocked up into him-
He was changing what would have been the obvious plan, to fit in with
It was… very… dark. And he wanted to say very eighties, for some reason, but hey, how would he know…
Steve had made that mistake… Like the two things were in
Briefly, he mused over the idea of digging a little further, maybe looking for some first hand accounts or candid photos or notable events too minor to be considered in the summary - something that might add some human colour to what he knew already…
at him.
He didn’t much like the way Nick had just spoken to Tony – it felt like taking a liberty, in a way that Steve couldn’t explain.
“I meant to ask…I, uh, didn’t mean to invite myself along to all of this, last time…” Steve started, sounding awkward again. “I mean… we’re both just really grateful for what you’re doing, and the fact that you’re happy to have me here if Bucky’s having surgery is… another kindness, so I just – if you’d rather me not be here the rest of the time-”
enjoyed it…
than anywhere else Tony bit him. There was the tiniest little give in the tension, like his lungs had loosened half an inch, the vindication of finally
“I guess… I just couldn’t think of a reason it wasn’t?” He offered, nervously. “I mean, I did try to think of why it might be a bad idea… But, I don’t know, I figured if
“I’m sure, for some of my employers, it has,” Stape sighed. “I work in medicine; I accept that reality. Every aids researcher and cancer specialist is backed by someone who wants to get rich off of their discoveries. Every drug company is made up of medical men and marketing men. But that doesn’t mean there aren’t pure motives in there. And it doesn’t mean that the discoveries aren’t worth making, just because
Enjoy!
“Thank you.”
Steve felt his heart stop.
And then Tony took him deeper, forcing the head of Steve’s cock into his throat. An overwhelming heat flushed up through Steve’s muscles-
asking you to let me in. But there’s only so much I can do to stick with you, if you just keep walking away.”
And thought of Steve.
look down on him as he spoke.
There was no fear, now. No secrets, no anxieties. No worst case scenario he was trying not to think about.
The image of Tony kneeling in front of him, pleading that he was ready. The memory of Tony’s cock sliding over the back of his tongue, the taste of him, the sting of his fingertips digging into Steve’s shoulders-
On top of which – Steve had literally just worked out that it wasn’t only
, he came back, and you did make each other laugh, and you did enjoy each other’s company – and
It was all too late for that.
“So where are we going?” Steve questioned, as he tried to bring the details of that particular project to mind.
Faltering slightly, Steve wandered over to his bed and sank very slowly to sit down on the edge of it.
that Nick would choose this specific manipulation
He would never have thought about Steve’s history, when interpreting his tone. The fact that he’d been tasked with taking down the Nazi Science Division. The fact that he was himself the product of an experiment designed to win a war. That he must think, all the time, about what the
thinking that there might also be a lot of important information on those files… And… The truth is, there are going to be a lot of different power struggles, as more enhanced people show up. I already know that. I lived through it. And a lot more political conflict, as the stakes keep rising, and don’t have anything to do with nation states anymore. And, okay, I don’t actually know how things are going to work out
Making everything else so much more confusing.
...Oh, but Tony knew.
“Well, Pepper said…”
And then the world lurched forward again, another disorientating roll of dizziness, as Steve pulled Tony’s dead weight up into a sitting position and pressed him close against his chest. Tony heard the distant sound of tearing fabric, as Steve ripped his shirt open in a desperate attempt to bear his neck. Tony groaned softly, pushing closer to Steve’s warm skin… he was so cold, all of a sudden…
Tony shook his head again, more violently this time.
Tony smiled at that thought, now. Just at the general idea of it… being stronger and healthier now… How much better he could look after Steve, if he healed fast and didn’t tire easily…
“He doesn’t hate you,” Bucky sighed - not bothering to ask who Steve meant.
Tony became more aware of his body - specifically, the fact that Steve was still buried inside him.
making sacrifices… And me having to fit into their world as much as possible, even though I
But then, Tony
“S’okay, no one ever remembers all the symptoms,” Tony muttered, still focused on filing in his theory. “And the pain, where does it run to?”
. Finally free from so many limitations, not swayed by rage or pain or guilt or fear, not trying to avoid anything or force anything or make anything right in his head – just thinking. Really, just… thinking.
running up your spine, and meeting in your
“Hm,” Bucky nodded. And then added, casually, “You doing anything when we’re done here?”
How could he be honest with Tony about this without being honest about everything? Not even just that he was in love with Tony – about
. It was only when he heard Tony’s surprised giggle that he realised how overwhelmed he sounded - and that he should probably try to elaborate, at least a little bit. “I… I know this isn’t going to be like any other relationship. And I’m not expecting you to feel the same way about me in a few weeks as I felt about you after ten years - and I know that sounds crazy… But, since you
most difficult person to talk to.”
Tony was standing at the counter of the kitchenette in the breakroom, his eyes locked in the middle distance, a mug of coffee cooling rapidly in his hands. Just for a change, it wasn’t anything Steve-related that had his attention - for a few, brief moments, Tony had allowed his thoughts to drift into details of his latest suit upgrade, and had quite happily gotten lost there-
As he drank, he saw Tony glance over to the bar – to where two of the barmen were now definitely taking an interest in him. Steve pointedly finished the glass before he took it away from his lips.
Steve didn’t feel the need to check that maths for himself. He just followed Tony across the dancefloor, trying not to think about the shape of his back – trying not to look any
Wondering if he
He’d started to think that maybe
Tony refused to spiral into his past failures. He wouldn’t let his guilt stop him from correcting them. He
liked… Some novel excitement about being
“And that’s a pretty small operation, all things considered,” Tony commented, to himself.
However much you hoped, however hard you tried to make the good outcome work - you had to prepare for the bad.
And that he couldn’t really be mad at Steve for not loving him.
It was a night a few weeks after that, when he was still staying in a sterile hotel room - on account of his home, and all his possessions, being destroyed. A night when, for no obvious reason, everything seemed to pile on top of him, and he found himself spiralling into thoughts about Bucky, and fears over lying to Tony, and finding out that so many people he knew were Nazi spies… And just as he felt himself welling up, it had occurred to Steve that someone might be watching him.
...Of course, she hadn’t given him that slightly nervous, quizzical expression the first time he saw her - but then, he hadn’t beamed at her like a maniac, the first time.
And then Steve
Wondering where Steve was, and if he was safe-
And he recognised the voice.
He wanted Tony now as basically and as desperately as he’d ever wanted anything. He wasn’t even thinking of what he wanted to do
“Okay, but his location
Tony folded the card, and slid it back into the envelope.
been mutually exclusive…
Tony didn’t know if he was hoping to bump into Steve or not.
“...Are you okay?” He enquired, in a softer voice. She blinked at him, and then dropped her shoulders.
. “...And this is the level of conversion and efficiency you’d expect, and it all seems to be accounted for…”
So, as smoothly as he could, Steve rolled out of the bed and snatched his clothes up from the floor. He crept into the living room before he got dressed; doing everything to avoid waking Tony just yet. He just wanted a minute alone to think first…
But it was how
degree, that if Steve would just give him
Somewhere, deep in Steve’s mind, a philosophical shame stirred again…
By this time Tony had weaved his way over to Steve, Sam and Nat. He stumbled to a breathless stop in front of them, his whole face lit up with a dazzling grin, throwing his arms open in a theatrical gesture of surrender as he panted,
“Animals, mostly. Some of which make better donors than others – some of it
And Tony was asking him the question
“So, the Solstice Ball…?” He suggested, raising an eyebrow. Steve grinned at him
with, during the war,” Steve answered casually. “One time he got
Steve tried to let go of that breath as subtly as he could. Of course, there was a very loud part of his brain still demanding that he hold onto this moment. The part of him that was trying to come up with
“Well… Well, they- they said… They said that Captain America might get, you know, might, try to help you out-” Wesley stammered, shuffling towards the wall as he spoke, like he was trying to hide.
“I spent the whole time tied in knots about what might happen and how I could… and
Again, the shame flared up before his mind could find the memory - and only grew hotter, once he did.
“You never mention him,” Tony replied, with a kind smile and a shy shrug.
And then, almost immediately afterwards, a surge of disorientating
“-in very small quantities,” Scaramouche conceded. “And there
“Jesus Tony please yes,” Steve pleaded, grabbing hold of Tony by the hips and doing everything he could to grind up into him. Tony simply carried on moving down Steve’s chest, kissing him greedily, one hand eventually finding its way to the waistband of Steve’s jeans. “Don’t care if you tear those either,” Steve panted, bucking up against Tony’s hand. He felt Tony’s dark laugh, hot against his skin, and then the friction of denim being yanked down over his legs – and he didn’t even know if Tony
, in being dominated. He’d long since recognised a pattern in the images that caught his attention, and a few recurring themes in his - admittedly vague, still somewhat naive - sexual fantasies…
his fault, that he’d done
He’d found himself in this situation
been worse… This was everything made better in a single stroke. Every hurt and fear that Tony had ever experienced, instantly erased and replaced with a joy he’d never dared hope for. This wasn’t finding a light in the dark; this was stepping out of the dark completely, for maybe the first time in his life.
Oh, that was an entirely different sort of nostalgia. A cold, curling sensation low in his gut; the sort of fear you can only come up with as a kid, but remember all your life.
“…Former estate staff, I think” Steve added, glancing at the screen “The people who worked here when the troops were enslaved, maybe?”
He had to think enough for that-
“Okay… I’m so sorry about that…” He started – and then, when Bucky’s eyes snapped up to his, full of confusion and anguish, Tony added more forcefully “That was
he didn’t know…
try to think-”
that Rhodey was innocent of a crime, and thought he had no hope of a fair hearing… If Steve had gone after Rhodey in that sort of temper…
Steve turned to see the man in the jumpsuit gesturing towards the two men on the couch.
good.
like that…”
The things he was worried about now would never have occurred to him, then.
As unlikely as that outcome was… he knew what it would look like. He could imagine himself, stopping by to see Tony a few times a week… building a genuine sort of trust,
He cringed, realising how badly he was explaining this, even in his own head. Recognising that he still didn’t have the words for his regret and his guilt, he still wasn’t sure if those were the words he should be aiming for anyway. He had no idea
get to see Steve in four weeks, for what would probably be one stolen night in a Holiday Inn-
“You were asking for that,” Tony taunted. Steve managed a breathless laugh, his hips still tensing upwards.
He couldn’t apologise for how he was feeling at the moment, for a start. There was just no explanation or excuse for this. He’d rather die than admit this to Tony, whether he asked or not.
want to help you. I still go to the raft, and
Not that anything would change at midnight. But this was how he’d gotten through the months since Siberia, cutting them down into manageable pieces and meaningless milestones, willing himself through
Enjoy!
, but
“I’m one of the senior chemists here. I work downstairs, in the lower basement – unless they want me to do something else.”
He felt Tony groan against his cock, his movements getting harder and faster as he began to jerk himself off, taking Steve to the back of his throat again and again in time with his own thrusts. Steve could feel Tony’s desperation, moving in perfect unison with his own. He moaned, feeling that pressure swell inside him, pushing up against the very limit of him over and over-
And then he frowned.
Tony's shame at letting Obie stay after the attack happened, and the fact that he didn't immediately lose all familial feelings towards him.
, ready to get out of bed before a blearing alarm forced him to.
always been hurt, that he was supposed to be grateful for such compromised, begrudging affection. Maybe he’d always been bitter about being seen as a burden, or a project. Maybe there had always been a tiny, deeply buried voice that asked why someone couldn’t love him just the way he was - something that nagged at every attempt to build a relationship with a reasonable person that probably
And now Steve was just… standing there…
.” Tony hissed, before he could stop himself. And then, when Zen looked at him in surprise, he added. “That’s a secret.” Zan knotted her brows in confusion.
“I know that to everyone else it’s been like, seventy years – but, for you, it’s been, what, three years since you met Erskine?” Bucky asked, hypothetically. “And, in that time, you’ve been through a life changing medical experiment, you’ve been to war, you’ve had a near death experience – well, more than one. You’ve lost everyone you ever knew, you’ve woken up in a weird, alien world – and then found out that
have to worry who might sneak into my facility, and why. I had to fret over what people secretly thought of me, and plan how to hold on to what I had, and panic over how to get even more…. But then, I
thinking about Tony saying that he looked good in his uniform, a week after the fact.
“And this one.” Tony added – stopping his recording, and handing the second USB pen to her too.
7:42am – at least, in Facility time.
daydreaming about Steve’s chest, wanting so much just to be pressed against it like this, to be able to indulge in the power of him, the perfect form of him, the softness of his skin…
He saw that flash of panic, and the brief attempt to think of a way out
Which meant an afternoon spent walking around The Facility, as a couple.
because it felt right to him, then so could Obie, and… no.
“I’ve missed you too,” Tony grinned, pressing a soft kiss to the side of Steve’s face before he lifted his head to look at him.
He hated that Tony was right about all of that. He still hated anything that slipped away from his control - as hard as he was trying to get over it. The very idea of having to rework the plan from that far back was nauseating before he even bothered to think about it.
…That was a horrible thing to have said to Steve. He should feel terrible about so many of the things he said to Steve-
“Which part confuses you?” Steve enquired, cheerily. “You didn’t know you were working for the Nazis?” And with that, he tossed the rest of his papers onto the table, letting them fan out in an untidy display. This time, he didn’t pause to let Nick take them before he carried on. “You
“And, the few things that probably
…Had he been
“So, we either make a run for the door, or we’re back to the knocking them out plan,” he summarised.
Tony’s breath hitched, his eyes flashing with such raw feeling that Steve’s arms twitched against the urge to reach out and-
in it-
“I promise you, I am yours forever,” Steve said, in a different voice. A lower voice, laden with that unnamed power. Tony could feel it. “I promise that I will make you happy, whatever that takes. That I will keep you safe. That I will love you every minute of every day of the rest of my life…”
it was so unimportant.
Tony waited until he was sitting at the end of the bed before he allowed himself a shudder at that.
writing?”
. But not so much he couldn’t see the room he was in-
- about his father’s relationship with Steve. He’d had that idea long before he’d fallen in love with Steve; before he’d even
, just once-
Before long, Steve noticed an unfamiliar sort of hesitancy cropping up in Tony’s demeanour- as though he wasn’t sure what to do with someone who just
“Steve,” Tony whispered, leaning his weight onto the nearest flat surface. Realising that his legs
little smile that he was very glad no one else had seen…
we do anything with Hydra’s files…”
And Steve knew that he could let Tony get carried away with that outrage. He could allow Tony to forget his earlier question, let him take the conversation down a different road-
Steve took a steadying little breath.
Scott stopped dead, eyes widening in such naked anguish-
And, oh, Steve knew he should know that name. He
“Yeesh,” Bucky replied. “Okay, not gonna lie, now I
, I’d like to be able to tell you anyway, just because I’m angry and I’m hurt. Just once, I’m going to tell you what I thought of all of that, and I’m going to pretend like that matters to anyone, in and of itself. I’m going to pretend I’m expecting you to meet me halfway. And then, after that, we can just go home, and I’m going to step the fuck out of this. And we’ll go back to the world where whatever
what they were doing to him-
If Tony had been forced to choose in that moment, he’d have picked wrong. He’d have gone with that instinct – because, for a good few minutes, there was nothing else. Just that
And he smiled.
is going on?” He snapped, allowing all of his genuine anger to bleed into his tone.
...And slowly Steve was recognising how different this was to any other conversation with Tony. It was eerie, and… empty, somehow…
“And then, when you asked me if I knew… Then I realised, of course I did. That Zola had literally told me that your parents had been murdered, and shown me a fucking picture of Bucky – just in case I hadn’t put two and two together, what with Bucky being Hydra’s fist, or whatever it was… And it was more than that, really. It was this horrible
have such faith that Steve would keep him safe, and he was so proud of Steve, and so happy to be with him, and he wanted Steve to know all of that…
And the smell of Steve’s skin, rolling through his head like a drug…
This time, Steve kissed him roughly, grabbing at Tony’s hair, forcing his lips further apart as he pulled him hard against his chest. Tony fell into it – into the kiss, into Steve, into this intoxicating feeling of total freedom. He slid his hands up along Steve’s sides, possessive and desperate, gathering the fabric of his T-shirt under his nails as he went. Revelling in the strength of Steve’s body and the softness of his lips… and nothing else. No underlying anxiety, no aftertaste of guilt…
Just long enough for Steve to remember…
“Oh, uh, no, actually. I feel… well, not
He kind of wanted to be angry with Rogers for telling him. For burdening him with this horrible knowledge, when there was absolutely nothing he could do with it…
. Had Steve known he had this problem? Why hadn’t Tony tried talking to him, why was he so content with lying back and letting him do whatever he wanted?
, though.”
But he takes a deep breath and pulls out, ignoring Steve’s whines as he lifts his hips off the bed and fucks uselessly into nothing. Maybe Steve was close; recently, Tony was delighted to learn Steve was capable of coming just by sucking cock.
it, is what I’m saying.”
what he thought.
. As soon as Tony’s pelvis smacks against Steve’s ass, he pulls out so just the head remains in Steve, before thrusting forward again, as hard and deep as he can.
“You’re sad on Christmas,” Tony says. “So we’re gonna go stand on ice. Maybe even get some hot chocolate, who knows.”
What’d been hard was feeling like he was the one looking in. Passing restaurant windows and craving the food and heat inside, passing shops and feeling so damn inadequate for his inability to buy the few—very few—people who loved him something they would cherish or find useful. The inability to find the words to express his love and appreciation coupled with the inability to find objects to
It’s competition for the one in Time’s Square, even, and it seems to have popped up overnight, placed there almost like an afterthought, like it was more out of necessity than anything else. But even still, it’s lovely, with a massive white star on top and red and gold (of course) lights covering the whole of it. Most of the decorations are traditional: baubles and glass snowflakes and tinsel… But he spots a little Black Widow ornament (he can’t believe they even
Steve finally looked away and Tony turned around and left.
A few meters up in the air, Iron Man nearly falls out of the sky laughing.
Bucky’s
“You have, uh. On your face.”
“Yes!” Steve said, visibly agitated. “I wasn’t lying when I said I don’t understand you! I don’t understand how you think or why you do the things you do—so of course I want to know how you feel!”
, like a soft, molten vise around him, and Steve clenches over and over and
Maybe Steve just wasn’t
Tony stands there glaring at him for a long moment before skating toward him and pushing him over—but Steve’s taking him down with him, so he grabs onto the lapels of Tony’s coat and maybe he should’ve thought this through a little more because the ice is cold and hard against his back and Tony’s a pointy, painful weight against his front.
. He pressed his body down against the armour and canted his hips up and down and just—humping against the metal plates, slow and leisurely.
Steve writhes in the sheets, fucking into the mattress as Tony fucks into
Steve was asleep, clutching a pillow to his chest, the bed sheets crumpled behind him. His ankle was chained to the bedpost, and Tony knew he’d told JARVIS to put some very strict security protocols in place, preventing him from leaving his suite at all, unless, presumably, there was an Avengers emergency.
“Oh no you don’t,” Tony told him, pushing his head back towards his now fully erect dick. Steve was always so loose and malleable when he came to him at night, always fine with being shoved this way or that, and tonight was no exception. When Tony pushed Steve’s head into his crotch, Steve just parted his lips, laving his boxers with long, luxurious strokes of his tongue.
Christmas. He never had to wait in line for the slightest of discounts, he was never waylaid in bed, he probably always had a nice tree and a roaring fire and a feast on Christmas Eve. He could’ve bought his loved ones whatever they desired, really made them happy—his Christmases could’ve been like the ones out of the fliers and advertisements, all comfy pajamas and smiling faces and wrapping paper and bows strewn artfully around the room.
because he’s always been a stubborn punk and he’s sure knows it’s true. Steve knows what he sees.
valuable, but chooses to spend that time with Steve and greasy burgers.
Tony flipped them again, wondering somewhere in the back of his mind whether or not Steve really believed that. “All you did was clean up your own damn mess,” Tony snarled, leveling a repulsor at Steve’s under-armour and blasting the seams apart with probably a lot less precision than he would in any other circumstance, if Steve’s yelp of pain was anything to go by. He’d heal.
“Captain, there is a tentacle monster on Long Island. SHIELD requests immediate intervention.”
He wanted to encourage him, tell him to ruin the sheets, soak them through with his slick, and then fuck through the bed, as hard and as fast as he wanted. Tell him to keep sucking like he was doing right now, like Tony was the most delicious thing he'd ever had on his tongue, like he couldn't get enough of him. He wanted Steve to grab his dick by the base and drag his fist up, wringing every last drop out of him.
dollars for a steak.  And he’s not a fucking idiot, he understands modern pricing, he does the conversions in his head and even then, it still seems like too much. Too much to spend on him for a meal, even if they could afford it, easy.
“I talked to Pepper about it and we both agree that it’s offensive that you don’t like Christmas,” Tony says when he returns.
,” Steve breathes, eyes fluttering shut and that’s definitely something.
“You gotta be good,” Tony says, moving up so that he’s straddling Steve’s bare chest. “You gotta be good and tell me
“Not as handsome as
They don’t find Loki or the Tesseract. They assume he’s gone off-planet and send Thor off into the cosmos to go find him.
use the phone to hunt me down.”
He lifts his head up and notices Steve’s eyes have darkened. “You can try.”
. His dick was bright pink and wet, bobbing against his stomach lewdly. Tony’s own dick was agonizingly hard inside the suit, straining against metal.
Steve replied by squeezing his thighs tighter around the armour, hard enough that Tony could feel it start to buckle.
…” Steve’s moving his hips frantically now, fucking himself on Tony’s fingers and it’s just then that Tony pulls them out.
insulted and confused.
“Something like that,” Steve says, quirking an eyebrow at him. “It
a five-star eatery, let alone set foot in one; that’s the kind of thing he hadn’t even bothered dreaming about. It’d always just been so far removed from him that it’d felt like a different reality those people lived in, the people who were rich and powerful enough to afford such things. He’d seen women with fur coats and diamond earrings and pearl necklaces in the talkies more than anything else.
,” Steve slurs, and his voice is hoarse. He’s overcome. “Want you to do whatever you want to me, you make me feel so…”
Steve kisses him silent and Tony’s tugging at his shirt and Steve’s hot all over and
Steve sighs happily and Tony decides he doesn’t want this to end quite yet, so he crawls back further and lies down between Steve’s legs. He pries his ass cheeks apart and plants his face between them. He's going to spoil Steve rotten.
His fucking
Tony nodded stupidly. “Gentle. I can do that.” Couldn’t he?
When Iron Man blows up a confirmed HYDRA base with a single repulsor blast, Steve’s man enough to admit he’s a little turned on.
” he says, and Tony can’t tell if he’s teasing Tony or himself.
part of him--made him stop mid-thrust and take a good look at Steve’s face.
years older than –”
“Tony,” Steve says with a smirk because he’s a stubborn shit.
“I don’t know,” Thor says. “He’s an odd man, our Tony. But I’ve taken to these festivities immensely. Perhaps I can explain their intricacies to you?”
He's fine.
“FRIDAY, open up,” Tony said, and the suit folded away from him. Steve seemed surprised that he was suddenly holding real warm skin instead of cold metal. If he were being honest, Tony was a bit surprised himself, but what did it matter—if Steve wanted to fight him, he’d already proven that he was stronger than the armour. And besides: he knew Steve didn’t want to fight him.
Tony emerges from the workshop looking like he’s been through the fight of his life. His eyes are red-rimmed.
“No, it’s…” He waves a hand at the menu. “I don’t know what most of this is.”
And then, he wrenched his hands down and threw his weight, turning them over so he was lying on top of Tony.
“Then why are you so—why do you look like I just fucking assaulted you?!” His anger was beginning to abate as quick as it came and nausea took its place, crawling its way up his throat. What the hell was wrong with him? What the hell was wrong with
bed for once while he’s still chained down to it,
Steve sucks on the head first, which Tony’s found is his favourite thing, just gentle suckling on the head, moving the tip of his tongue over the slit and lapping up precome as soon as it emerges. He feels heat pool in his groin and he thrusts forward a little as he hardens further. “Suck it. Suck it, Steve, c’mon, harder,” he grunts, forcing himself to remain still and not give into the urge to fuck into Steve’s mouth and be done with it.
But his damned feeble body meant she worked around the clock and made it so he couldn’t make any extra change for the winter, so he couldn’t even buy her a box of chocolates.
But Tony’s not going to let him have slow and relaxed. He breaks a way with a gasp and Steve makes a sound low in his throat. “Whining already?” he says against the corner of Steve’s mouth. “I can guarantee I’ll make you so desperate, you’ll be
Before he had any time to process it, Steve darted forward and
, Tony, I need you right there, please,
,” Tony says lowly, leaning across the table and meeting his eyes. “Is this a panic attack?”
Thor smiles.
“Don’t be disgusting.”
“This is gross,” Steve says, helping himself to another burger.
Steve thinks back at himself, back nearly a century ago, when he was bundled up to the point of looking like a marshmallow, wearing borrowed skates, holding Bucky’s coat hem as they both tried to find their footing.
Steve exhales a gauzy breath and lets his gloved hands let go of the ledge.
“…You alright?” he hears through the rushing in his ears. His heart’s beating a mile a minute and he has no idea why this is happening, why he's suddenly feeling this way,
Steve spat his fingers out, a thin trail of drool slipping from the corner of his mouth. “I’ve done more good in two years than you’ve managed to do your whole life,” he said with no intonation. A statement of fact.
,” Steve gasps against the pillow. Tony can see he’s pretty much got a death drip on the bars of the headboard now. He shoves the finger in all the way; Steve’s so tight and hot and Tony drips more lube over him, getting him good and wet before pushing another finger into him, fucking them both in and out while Steve keeps a mantra of
,” Tony repeats, “and that demands a certain level of respect.” He sighs, trying to sound wounded and, especially, disappointed. “And you were being so good up until now.”
“I’m taking you out for dinner. Just you because nobody else ever makes me cupcakes.” Tony still has icing on his mouth and Steve has the wild urge to—
Tony had said, “We’ve divorced and she’s taking DUM-E.” Steve knows for a fact that they were never married. Tony then went off to introduce him to DUM-E, his… robotic arm. “Every little boy needs a robot arm,” he’d said. He’d been trying to distract himself, that part was obvious, and Steve wonders if that’s why he throws himself so hard and completely into every single one of his projects—he’s trying to distract himself, keep his brain occupied with constructive, solvable things. Maybe. He can admit he doesn’t know the man well enough to say, despite learning so much of his history from the neat little files SHIELD had provided.
Steve obeys immediately—of course he does—grateful to have the mattress pressing against his cock. He’s so fucking needy, Tony’s sure he’ll start humping the bed soon unless he gets on with it.
“And you wanted to sit on your hands,” Tony replied. He could feel blood pound at his temples; so much for talking about this calmly. It looked like he would have to gear in for another lecture from some sanctimonious prick half his fucking age. “You’re in this fight—this mess—just the same as I am,” he said, gesturing to the squalid surroundings of the safe house, “so it’d be helpful if you started offering solutions instead of spouting condemnations.
And when Tony pulls back to look at him with those brown-black eyes, all Steve can think to say is: “This is gonna be on all these people’s Myspaces tomorrow.”
car accident.
Steve waits for him to continue, because he knows he will, regardless of how Steve responds (or doesn’t respond).
Steve was growling, trying to shove his tongue against Tony’s and clawing hard enough at Tony’s armour to make it creak. This was it, this was Steve at his most base, pushed off his pedestal and forced into the mud along with the rest of them. Along with Tony.
Steve keeps sucking at him and Tony grunts as he comes, thrusting deep into Steve and trying to get even
And all at once his anger abated to something else. Why did Steve have to be this way? Why did every single fucking thing Tony ever tried to do have to go to shit, have to cost him so much? Every act of altruism turned selfish. Every ounce of goodness turning into ashes in his clumsy hands, while Steve—while Steve looked down his nose at him, unimpressed.
“Was that you trying to apologize?” Steve laughs. “Oh god, Tony, that was—there’s no need for apologies, I knew you weren’t—the look on your
might be
What was a little attempted murder between friends?
. He was half-hard at the thought of it, like a fucking teenager, getting off on fantasizing about a guy he’d been unintentionally
“I don’t need help,” Tony said automatically. What good was Steve’s help now? Tony couldn’t even be seen with him lest they both be thrown into the Raft. “I just came to talk.”
When Steve was a breath away, so close Tony thought he could count individual eyelashes, he said, “Okay. Then talk. You got my letter, you know how I feel, so—talk.”
His breathing quickens. He looks over at Tony, who has his head resting on his palm, looking seconds away from falling asleep. Tony catches him staring and offers him a weary, commiserating smile.
When he’s done, he crawls back up to get a look at Steve’s face.
He can't say he misses the apartment SHIELD had provided him, but he does miss his old haunts. He's trying to resettle things in his head in a way that's comforting, a way that allows the new to coexist with the familiar and the old. The buildings have been torn down and new ones have been put in their place but the shadier parts of the district still smell like piss and booze and smoke, but move a little further along and things smell like plastic and antiseptic and car exhaust. Everything’s still running on electricity and gasoline, and everyone still smells like oil and sweat and metallic perfumes.
, even after his humiliation? Maybe he rolled onto his back, opened his mouth sucked at air, wishing someone would just plug him up, satisfy him so he could sleep properly. Maybe Tony should buy him some toys, enough to fill all his holes at once, and then maybe then he’d finally be able to get this—
Tony shoves at his side. “Get on your fucking stomach.”
“Daddy loves you too,” Tony tells him before collapsing onto him. Steve offers him a tired chuckle and a nearly-painful poke to the abdomen.
Thor suggests The Nutcracker and Steve sends everyone an email invitation. He makes it festive. Red-and-green font colour and a picture of a puppy wearing a Santa hat he found through Google.
Steve laughs when Tony brings it up.
. Agonizing and visceral.
,” he says, the words tumbling out breathlessly. “So, so good, god
Tony throws a pair of ice skates at him the next day and if he wasn’t a super soldier, he’d be a little irked by
him in the face.
“I hate you so fucking much,” Steve panted, his face crumpled in—Tony wasn’t sure. Rage, misery, disgust. “I
He knows for a fact Steve would, and in that moment he wants it, desperately. Or hell, even pulling out and coming all over Steve’s reddened face would be fucking beautiful.
“Ow,” Steve said, and a vicious part of Tony wondered if he was being purposefully difficult; Tony was being so careful! The better part of him--that fragile, hurting,
, like a decent human being would have done immediately upon realizing there was something not quite right with their teammate.
He’s making note of all these things: Jane Foster has a silly laugh, Thor likes baking, Bruce sings
For Tony, he hesitates.
Tony found he couldn’t hold onto the remaining wisps of his chronically fractured self-control. He always lost himself, like in Siberia, when he could’ve left Steve as a red smear in the snow, and a part of him knew he would lose himself again as soon as he set eyes on Steve’s face.
He was naked under Tony now, writhing half in pain and half in want, bucking his hips up in an attempt to fuck himself against
Bruce shoots him a look and Steve sniffles.
He buys red-and-gold cufflinks and, as a joke, a Cap plushie (he knows
“Thanks,” Steve says, and hugs him again.
Maddeningly, Steve didn’t even bother replying, just continued shucking off his wet and bloodied uniform. Like Tony was too much of a dumb fuck to try reasoning with. Like it didn’t
He thought about the other times Steve did this, the times he quietly snuck into his bed just to suck him or rut against him. Now he could swallow him down like a pro, and Tony bet that soon enough, he’d have him bouncing on his cock. He’d let him play with his ass just like he lets him play with his mouth, and just the mental image of that was enough to get him to give a particularly brutal thrust upwards, straining to get every last inch of him inside Steve somehow.
,” he added, “you don’t know a damned thing about these machines so maybe you should shut the fuck up and let me take care of it.”
A few days later, more presents start popping up under that tree.
—at the top—do you get it? Because of your—”
“Oh fuck
He straightens himself, and with great dignity, walks away.
(He’ll admit the toys he’s bought are mostly based off his teammates).
, Natasha is fluent in
His rambling is choked off as Steve hums around him, the vibrations sending a jolt all the way up Tony’s spine. He pants, staring at Steve’s face, at his damp eyelashes, ruddy cheeks and pretty pink lips sealed tight around Tony’s heated cock. “You’re so wet and hot and
“Aw, kiddo,” Tony said, straddling his thighs, “looks like all your drama might’ve just been hormones.”
“You dumb fuck,” Tony breathed, and distantly heard Steve’s voice from years ago growl,
“Done?” Tony asked.
want. I can’t even tell what you’re feeling right now.”
sound against Tony’s mouth. Tony presses his thigh down harder and Steve cants his hips up again, just a gentle little thrust. “You wanna hump my leg, Steve? You can if you want.”
Steve huffed out an exhausted, sad,
Tony threw a punch, his gauntleted fist connecting against the side of Steve’s head, causing him to stagger sideways. Steve hardly seemed to register the pain as  Tony pressed his tongue against the still-hot bite marks and lapped against the welling blood.
Bit his
As team leader, getting everyone to do things together is one thing, but he realizes he also needs to leave his suite and wander into the common rooms a lot more than he has been. He doesn’t need to dwell on things that’ll make him angry, he doesn’t need to destroy punching bags alone—he has people to spar, eat, and fight with. So he takes the elevator downstairs, with no intention of going to the gym and every intention of just
There’re a million things trembling on Steve’s lips but they all fall away to nothing, one by one and he’s left with nothing much to say. “What was your mom like?” he decides on.
“Dr. Hansen!” someone yells.
?” Tony asks, crawling over to him. “Does it gross you out?”
“Like you’re one to talk. Sometimes I don’t see you come out of your workshop for days.”
. The guy definitely didn’t go down easy.”
“Every shot I take is a nice shot,” Iron Man says, and Steve can practically hear the confident smirk in his voice.
pick up like a natural. Hanging around you isn’t good for my ego.”
When they met again in public, Steve would likely put on his stern face, clench his jaw and not even blink at Tony’s innuendos; if Tony could still make innuendoes without getting his face punched in. He might flinch the first time Tony touched him again, glare at him and then straighten up like nothing had happened.
He’d always imagined her, loose and relaxed, with her hair down for once, no bags under her eyes. Her face wouldn’t be creased, and she’d be reclining on a couch that wasn’t dusty or lumpy. She’d have a novel in her hands and no worries in her head.
Steve’s ankle was rubbed raw where the chain dug into it, the skin appearing purplish-blue under the faint moonlight streaming in through his nearly opaque windows. The pillow he was holding had a few tears in it, and looked damp in places, like Steve had been biting into it.
But then he just sobs harder, says, “No, no, keep going,
Resisting the urge to tell JARVIS to peek into Steve’s room again, he got up to pour himself another drink.
Steve skates past him, grinning so wide his face hurts. “Your ego could use the bruising.”
me, I don’t
“Just for that, no hot chocolate for you. You can have one of my kale smoothies, and trust me when I say those things are disgusting.”
Tony charms the wait staff in a way that reminds him of Bucky, but Bucky’d mostly done it to get discounts, something Tony’s never needed. And hell, he and Bucky had never even
Tony ran his fingers through Steve's hair, enjoying this brief moment of intimacy before Steve would heave himself up and leave, without so much as a goodbye kiss. And tomorrow he’d act like nothing happened, and Tony was fine as that, so long as Steve wanted to keep doing this.
There’re the sounds of cameras going off and maybe more people recognize them than he’d previously thought. “It’s a lot harder than it looks.”
tea). The scent of cloves and cinnamon linger with him the whole day. He eyes a koi pond and wonders if he could have something like that installed for Bruce too.
“You do realize how loud you said that, right? That’s definitely gonna be going up on all these people’s Myspaces tomorrow.”
Steve takes a hesitant step forward. Tony doesn’t step back.
For the first time in what feels like a long time, Steve feels himself smile.
into his mouth as he had been with Tony?
about Tony’s childhood hero-worship phase. It’s a little creepy and a lot hilarious).
he could. With his sweet tooth in mind, Steve actually tries baking something properly. He’s got a festive apron on, oodles of supplies and JARVIS is playing that awful, ever-constant holiday music.
The next day, the tower’s looking decidedly more festive. There are tasteful wreaths on most of the non-sliding doors and a large artificial tree in the common room. There’re even stockings—for JARVIS and the robots, and Steve’s at a loss as to what on earth Tony could possibly put in them.
He did, a minute later, arching up and against him, white-hot come wetting the front of the suit.
Steve levelled him with that stare again. “I survived you so many times already, you think I can’t survive this?”
. “You win,” he says, the words tumbling off his lips in a breathless rush. He shuts his eyes and grips the headboard tighter, rolls his hips and nudges Tony’s cock. “
Tony’s looking at him with an expression so intense that Steve wants to laugh again, but Tony's leaning in and Steve's mind kind of just stutters and his breath hitches and Tony says, “You know you’re sitting under mistletoe, right?”
“I’m not alone!” Tony counters, vehement. “I’m always just a phone call away from Rhodey, and I’ve got DUM-E and JARVIS, so… So that sounded a lot less pathetic in my head.”
for him, Tony’s dick. Tony’s taste. From the light of the glittering city from outside, Tony could see Steve’s eyes slip from half-hooded to closed, his wet eyelashes fluttering as he wedged his tongue into Tony’s slit, trying to get at the taste, his hips still fucking into the mattress.
“Assemble!” he hears Thor yell from somewhere and Steve’s mind is already readjusting to fight mode, he’s already out the door with his suit halfway off and his uniform halfway on and when he gets outside the cold hits him like a sledgehammer—stinging and icy and
He’s five feet tall again without an inch to spare, nose and mouth buried in his mother’s old scarf, keeping his head down as he passes by warm, cozy restaurants like this one. His hands are clenched around the change in his pocket like he’s afraid it’ll disappear.
“Yeah. I get that you’re still getting used to that. In your day, a newspaper cost a nickel or something.”
“Not true,” Tony says. “You look very handsome today.”
Steve’s pretty sure Tony’s taken his general disinterest in things as a problem to be fixed, and apparently, if there’s one thing he’s phenomenal at, it’s fixing things.
Steve’s still feeling a little dubious but he nods and goes back to inspecting the menu, looking at things he definitely knows. There’s steak. No matter the era, seems people aren’t going to tire of eating big slabs of meat. He’s not sure what some of the mentioned seasonings are but he could just look them up on his phone or ask Tony… But the thing that gets to him most is the price.
It’s hefty. A lot of it is redacted and some of it is in Russian. There are blueprints for what looks to be some kind of electric chair and a robot arm, and photocopies of some messy notes describing some kind of
“No, don’t stop,” Steve said after a few seconds, like he was deciding. Another moment passed before Steve said, “You can go deeper.”
And that was when Steve started thrashing, really giving it his all. He bucked his hips up, arching off the floor before wrapping his legs around Tony’s waist to try to flip them over. He got about halfway there, the two of them lying on their sides, tangled up in each other as Steve shoved against him with his hips, Tony’s fingers now lodged down his throat, both of Steve’s hands held together under one gauntlet.
Steve flounders and beats down that feeling of panic churning in his gut, bubbling up his throat. “I
, he thinks.
,” Tony repeated, enunciating each word carefully.
, so hot and wet and
He stares at the skates that had barely missed from hitting him on the head. They’re sleek and clean and expensive-looking. He thinks of the times winter hadn’t been awful to him, the times where he and Bucky and the other kids would take garbage bags and use them as sleds, sliding down snow-covered hills. He doesn’t think about how sick he got afterwards—he focuses on the snowball fights and the snow angels and his mother’s hot tea and warm words. He thinks about that one other time he’d tried going ice-skating, with skates he’d later found Bucky had borrowed from another kid. It’d be a shame if that initial clumsy attempt at keeping himself upright on the ice would be his only memory of ice-skating.
“You used to wear newspapers in your shoes,” Bucky says a little haltingly after Steve releases him from a hug. Then he glances down at Steve’s hand. “Nice ring.”
“You think you can take me? Like this?” he said, spreading his arms apart. “Can’t string together a reasonable response so you resort to biting and kicking?” He clucked his tongue. He would be the reasonable one here, the one who had it all together. Steve was the liability.
“Are you attracted to men?” Steve asks.
His heart sunk. Despite being hard, Steve looked—
Steve does not trust himself not to fall on his ass if he lets go of the damn ledge.
“Tell me what you want,” Tony stresses.
Tony feel? He himself couldn’t get a handle on that half the time. He could say he felt resentment at Steve, and anger and hatred towards himself. But he couldn’t deny his biggest motivator, the thing that caused his mind to freeze and his thoughts to descend into the darkest parts of his psyche: “I’m mostly just scared,” Tony said, in a tone like he was talking about the weather. “That’s how I feel all the time and that’s the reason I do what I do.”
Tony’s glaring off to the side and Steve thinks of Ms. Potts who’s off in Malibu and Colonel Rhodes who’s overseas and Happy Hogan who’s busy running all of Tony’s security. He comes to the rather baffling conclusion that Tony Stark—billionaire, playboy, I-can-nod-at-someone-and-they’re-mine-
This time, it was Tony who moved forward, intent on licking his own blood off Steve’s lips before he could get a word in. His lower lip was plump and slick, and Tony nipped at it before drawing in into his mouth.
how he felt. He wanted to buy his mother every damned thing in the sweetshop, he wanted to buy her diamonds—she’d had no use for diamonds, really, she’d have scoffed, but she’d
quota, and weirdly enough, Natasha’s into the holiday thing. Well, not completely but she doesn’t
So he does. They make a tiny little house together and Bruce and Tony come in and Tony decides it
But first, he tries having an
Tony doesn’t say anything for a long moment. His mouth pinches, his eyes narrow. And then: “But you like the tree.”
Some of the volunteers Steve’s met at the soup kitchen come over—like Sam. Ms. Potts comes and Colonel Rhodes is set to arrive tomorrow. Dr. Foster and her friend Darcy weave bows into Thor’s hair.
He instantly felt disgusted with himself and made a move to get off Steve and—and just run, away from here and away from him—but before he could, Steve wrapped his legs around his waist and pulled him back down.
So instead of trying to find a place that no longer exists, he’d figured a much healthier approach was to fully immerse himself into the group of volatile, mismatched, part-time superheroes and live in Howard’s son’s flashy new skyscraper. If he can handle an alien invasion, he can handle all the other outlandish things this century can throw at him, he’s sure, and that includes a building full of supers. Or close-to-supers. Supers who have their own Christmas ornaments modeled after them.
“Okay, let’s go skating. Only if you’re the one buying the hot chocolate, though.”
“Gross and great,” Tony says, stuffing his face full of fries. “Dip your fries in the mayo.”
Steve somehow manages to keep his voice steady despite the quivering feelings of impotence and sorrow he feels down to his bones. “He needs our help, Tony.”
!” Steve yelps when Tony manages to hit his prostate again. “Dad –
“Goddamn it,” he muttered, increasing the volume on the TV and trying to drown his thoughts out. The fact was that Steve was still mortified. After his shock had subsided, his nose had wrinkled in disgust—at himself, but probably also at Tony. And
I was lying, every damn time. She probably knew how much I worried about her too, but it still wasn’t as much as she worried about me.”
to loosen up and enjoy the season. “…What would you suggest?” Steve asks. “We could—we could all do something nice together, right? As a team?”
“’I’ll figure it out later.’ Probably your life’s motto,” Steve said, maybe sounding a little annoyed but Tony couldn’t tell at this point. He just wanted to feel something good after feeling so bad for so long and all he could hope was that Steve wanted the same.
“So controlling,” Steve grunted, wrenching his mouth away. “Should’ve known.” He’d finally been able to school his features, his face stony, like he wasn’t just frantically making out with Tony but instead scolding a misbehaving child.
Tony sluggishly turned his eyes away from him, feeling his gasping breaths against his cheek. He curled his fingers up, trying to find that spot so Steve would just
He pressed the flat of his hand down over his dick, trying to will it back down as the Steve on the holoscreen sniffled in his sleep and began to slowly grind his hips into the pillow he’d been clutching—the pillow that had now wormed itself in between his thighs. Steve’s mouth had dropped open and he licked at his lips, and like Tony had thought he would, he began to suck at nothing, maybe imagining something was there for him to feed on.
Steve looked surprised. His eyes roved over Tony’s armoured form before settling on his face and it took all of Tony’s willpower not to flinch. He can still feel where Steve’s fist had landed that last time he’d had his faceplate up. “You flew all the way to the Philippines… to talk?”
that slipped from his lips. The fucker was desperate, hot and wanting like a bitch in heat and it was because of
and—not to be outdone—Thor takes a bite out of it. Steve discovers Dr. Foster kind of snorts when she laughs.
Tony’s giving him that strange look again. “…But if you really want someone to go to your soup kitchens with you, I’m sure Thor would be down. Or Bruce. That definitely seems like his kind of thing.”
Tony shrugs, not looking up from whatever he’s working on on his tablet. “Yeah, well. It’s Cap’s first twenty-first century Christmas, I figured he should get in on all the modern traditions. If he wants to. You want to, don’tcha, Cap?”
. Something was deeply wrong with him because he was somehow having sex with him in his fucking
He feels a pressure at the front of his head and his eyes are beginning to sting and Stark starts looking a little worried. As worried as Steve’s ever seen him.
Tony does good on his promise to not fly him back to the tower, and Thor looks at him apologetically, saying he’d already promised Natasha a lift. Steve takes a taxi, tipping generously to make up for the slime stains.
“I completely understand if you wanna take it slow,” Tony gasps as Steve pushes him up against the doors to the tower’s elevators. He leaves wet, open-mouthed kisses against Tony’s jaw, delighting in the scratch of his stubble against his lips. “I get it, really, I do. If you wanna wait until the third date or, fuck—that’s—if you want to wait, I can be a very patient man if I wa—
“Fuck,” Tony said, slowly pulling out, his erection flagging. “Why did you—if you didn’t want—”
Some time later, he wakes up in bed and immediately jolts. “Bucky’s alive!”
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve says and Tony decides to remove his thigh entirely, leaving Steve to thrust up against nothing. Steve makes a noise of frustration and Tony bites back a laugh; Steve is always so eager.  “Tony,” he warns.
The next time Loki shows up to wreak havoc on Earth, Steve drops his shield, walks over to the alien supervillain, and throws his arms around him in a tight embrace.
Steve’s not a hundred percent sure what Myspace is but he’s heard Clint say something about to Tony once, so he parrots back the words: “Tony, no one has a Myspace anymore. You’re so old.”
He glances at Tony, who’s leaning against the boards. He’s making faces at a baby while its mother’s back is turned.
that doesn’t keep him squeezed up against Iron Man’s torso like he’s getting the life squeezed out of him. But focusing on the squeeze is better than focusing on how his ears feel like they’re about to freeze right off.
“Bucky is
“We are building a house for our gingerbread men,” Thor says. “Join us.”
Again with Steve subverting expectations: where Tony expected a glower, he instead got a hitched breath and nothing else. “Somewhere safe,” Steve said. “Not that it’s your concern. Is that who you were hoping to find here?”
He felt Steve’s wrist bones creak under the gauntlet but it didn’t matter. He’d heal. He could do whatever the fuck he wanted and Steve would heal. “You’re pathetic,” he ground out. “What’ve you done the whole time you’ve been here—in the future? You aided fucking HYDRA for two years—the fucking terrorist organization you have
The armour wrapped itself around Tony like a second skin; he didn’t take his eyes of Steve the whole time. Steve gingerly pulled his pants back up and something inside Tony compelled him to ask: “Are you going to be okay?”
Steve was almost expressionless—there was just a little line between his brows, and that was it. “I don’t understand you at all,” Steve said.
He wanted to retch at that thought, so to drive it away, he grabbed Steve’s face in both hands and kissed him again. Steve was more receptive this time, parting his lips and moving his mouth against Tony’s.
, daddy, I –
. His skin had a sun-warmed glow and a light sheen from the humid air. And why shouldn’t he look like a tanned beach bum? Here he was hiding out in a hut near the beach, smelling of sea salt and probably spending his days sleeping and eating food off banana leaves.
Steve made a sound like
“I’ll order for you,” Tony says, brightening, and that’s another thing, a thing about how much Tony likes doing things for people—“Seriously, don’t sweat it, we’ll get you all caught up on the good stuff. I mean, you’ve already tried a lot of the good stuff, but this is… Trust me on this.”
But he wishes he could glide along the ice as effortlessly as Tony, who looks so free and content. Tony doesn’t know any fancy tricks like some of the skaters—no twirls or flips—but he’s still comfortable in his skates.
There’s a twenty-foot-tall artificial Christmas tree dominating Stark Tower’s lobby and Steve thinks it’s beautiful.
they’re not engaged, but they
—it’s Bucky sitting in that horrible looking chair.
Natasha's the one who hands him the file.
Tony looks up. “Okay what?”
Steve himself had usually woken to the sounds of autos and people walking by the street and the rattling of the furnace accompanying the rattling of his lungs. He awoke with a red nose and a stuffy head and his mother’s hand on his forehead or Bucky’s dumb grin right up in his face.
Steve’s witnessed a lot of heartbreak in his life. A lot of anger and resentment. What he sees now is all that and
White-hot, desperate
Steve immediately began suckling with a sort of single-minded purpose, like it was a rare
Steve scrunches up his face. It’s odd to think Tony would have all this done for him, especially considering they’ve exchanged a grand total of about a hundred words since Steve moved into the tower. He doesn’t owe Steve a good time, doesn’t owe him a cultural education. They aren’t even friends, really—not yet. But he answers anyway. “Uh. Sure? I’m not sure there’s much to be gained learning all your modern holiday traditions. It’s all a little flashier now, and the people’s wish lists are more diverse than I’ve ever seen, but it’s still not so different. It’s still what it’s always been about.”
Steve’s feeling pretty good about things. He’ll see a proper ballet for the first time in his life and he’ll get a good deal of social interaction, both things guaranteed to make anyone rise up from whatever slump they’d gotten themselves into.
“And you don’t have to call me Mr. Stark, like, ever, you know.”
Steve hums in agreement and stares up at the ceiling. A second later he says, “I’ll pass.”
“How’re you feeling?” Tony says, sitting himself down on the couch next to him.
clouded his vision. He wanted to scream in Steve’s face like a wild animal or sink his teeth into his jugular and rip it out. Instead, he lifted him forward and slammed him into the wall again,
“Okay,” Steve says.
Tony rolls his hips and Steve sobs, something like
They watch The Grinch together and Steve fucking
,” he says, patting the seat next to him. “Sit down, Cap. Let’s have a chat.”
“If you’re asking for my opinion,” Stark says, scratching at his beard, “I think he’s lying.” He must register something in Steve’s expression because he hastily adds, “But then again, you said they never recovered a body… And that he had been experimented on…”
“Just gimme a kiss, you giant fucking dork.”
Steve gasps. “Don’t – call me that, that’s so –”
And just like that, Tony’s face falls, his expression closes off, and he looks like his readying himself for a fight. Steve’s suddenly glad they’re the only two at the tower; he’s trying to
Steve travels between New York and SHIELD HQ in DC often now, checking in with Natasha and Clint on any updates or clues. Sometimes he feels like they’re humoring him but he’s beyond caring. If Loki was telling the truth, Steve will never forgive himself for not trying his damndest to find Bucky.
“And I hate to sound like a therapist—which you need, by the way—but keep an open dialogue with Tony.”
and he’s pretty sure his heart’s beating so fast that it’s essentially just
!” he barked, and he hadn’t meant to yell but he could feel the rage building, cloying and thick like bile working its way up his throat. What the hell made Steve the grand fucking moral authority of everything? He’d rather Tony did nothing, like him, just wait for the damage to happen—wait for people to get hurt—before acting.
“If you’re looking for a Cap ornament, there isn’t one.” Stark—Tony—is standing a few feet away and Steve’s a little miffed that he didn’t hear him coming. He’s dressed in a suit—probably just came back from a meeting—and he’s got his hands in his pockets, looking as casual and relaxed as he usually does.
“I’ll show you bruising,” Tony says, voice hushed, but Steve hears it anyway, and a second later, he’s weaving around other skaters, trying to flee from Tony who, most likely, is about to shove him over.
“I think I’m understanding just fine,” Steve said, scowling at him. He was still in his uniform, still covered in dirt, blood, and sweat, and full of so much rage that Tony could swear he could feel it pulsing off him in waves. “Ever brilliant Tony Stark wanted a preemptive strike.”
was the one under him and if that far-away look in his eyes was any indication, Steve was the one who was helpless, mentally bound by his own guilt to lie there and let Tony take what he needed.
He strides into Stark’s workshop with a bag of doughnuts and a coffee (he knows what Stark likes now—one cream, two sugars). “Mr. Stark, do you have a therapist?” he asks.
“It’s just this is the most over-the-top celebration of the year, and going completely overboard with things is the American way,” Tony interrupts. “I’d have pegged you as the kind of guy to wear hideous Christmas sweaters and bring fruitcake for carolers and… I don’t know, bake gingerbread cookies.” He looks a little lost, and so confused, and Steve can’t help but smile at him, a real genuine smile.
Steve lifted a thigh up to rest it against Tony’s crotch plate—pointless because he couldn’t feel anything. “What about you? Still limp in there? There’re pills—”
Steve glared up at him, eyes bright. He pressed the gauntleted fingers against Steve’s tongue, watching his Adam’s apple bob as he hesitated. Tony could only guess at what was going through his mind. Maybe he wanted to bite his fingers clean off, metal and all. Maybe he desperately wanted to wrap his lips around them and suck.
, coming in every few days and of course Tony never refused him—how could he turn down a 2:00AM blowjob from Captain America?
He reaches over, and grabs Steve’s cock where it’s trapped between Steve’s abs and the bed.
Steve’s jaw was clenched so hard it looked like it hurt. His nostrils were flared, his breathing heavy.
“Hey, Cap,” he said, blearily, blindly reaching out towards him. He found Steve’s head and worked his fingers through his short hair. “Welcome back,” he continued through a yawn. “I was thinking of getting you permanently relocated here. Or maybe I'll just tie you to my bed, whatever you want.”
Tony presses the tip of his cock against Steve’s lips, which are still soft and spit-wet from kissing. “Then get it nice and hard for me.”
Steve loses the glare because now he has something better to focus on. In truth, Tony sometimes wonders if Steve loves Tony’s dick more than he loves Tony. Which is kind of fucked up but mostly just flattering; it’s a nice dick, after all.
He pries Steve’s hands off his ass and says, “Don’t worry, Steve, I’m not going anywhere. I’m taking care of you. I’m gonna fuck you – do you want that?”
Steve acquiesces and sucks harder and deeper, lifting his head up off the pillow a little. It looks pretty uncomfortable, so Tony thrusts forward, hard and fast, and Steve chokes. He eases back but Steve grabs him by the ass and shoves him forward again, into his mouth and down his throat. “
of course, but it’d be silly to expect that of you. You’re trying your best and it shows, and that should be commended.” He then drops Steve twelve feet down and right next to—well, exactly what JARVIS had said it is. A tentacle monster.
Tony groaned, frustrated. “JARVIS, turn it off,” he snapped; the screen disappeared and he was back to staring at the TV, the show’s laugh track beginning to grate on his already frazzled nerves.
, grabs his hand and rushes them out of there.
He comes back a moment later. “You should at least watch The Grinch. I think you’d get a kick out of it.”
“Christ,” he gritted out, pushing Steve's head further down, forcing him to take more. “Christ, you feel so
for weeks. Hell, had it been just him? Or did Steve just go to whoever’s door was unlocked? Did he sidle up to Barton some nights, Bruce on others? Had he been just as eager to get
“Nice shot,” Steve says.
After a beat, Stark breaks out into a grin (he has a nice smile when it’s not a smirk, Steve thinks). “
on this tree. “I guess this is your first Christmas in the modern era, huh?” Tony continues. “Must be exciting. The commercialism hasn’t offended you yet, has it?”
He leans down to kiss him again and Steve’s hands come up to thread through his hair. Tony manoeuvres so Steve’s erection – still covered by his sweats – is pressed against his thigh. Steve bucks up instinctively, making an
Stark deflates a little. “Look, just… keep your expectations low. Assume the worst. And for god’s sake stop looking so earnest, I’m getting cavities.”
On one of his DC outings he meets a VA counsellor named Sam, who says something about a
He hears Tony coming. He doesn’t say anything, just sits down on the edge of the sidewalk. Steve breathes deeply and slowly moves to sit too and they stay like that for a while, staring at the reflections of the red-green-yellow stoplights shimmering off the wet street.
about it.”
,” Steve was hissing, gripping a repulsor burn on his thigh as Tony gritted his teeth against the jagged metal of the suit working its way into his own flesh.
“Because that’s gone so well for us so far,” Steve replied easily. He turned away from him and began to take off his gloves and tattered over-armour. Tony kept his own suit on. “You think—you think because you’re such a genius that you know better than the rest of us dumb schmucks, that you can make decisions for everyone—”
