Sam's wide eyes met his and his mouth opened and closed a few times without actually making any sound. He swallowed hard and Dean could see tears rising in his hazel eyes.
The motel room was silent following Dean's revelation. Dean looked up to see how Castiel had reacted and saw a look on the former angel's face that reminded Dean of the way Cas used to be when they'd first met. Back when the angel had been full of righteous power and angelic wrath. The Castiel that had seen battle and fought with gods and had lived millennia before he had plucked Dean from the pit and burned his mark into Dean's shoulder and soul. His mouth was set in a hard line, his hands had tightened into fists, and his eyes shone with rage and pain and love.
"Well, I'm going to go see if I can scrounge up something for dinner." Sam said, standing and leaving Dean and Bobby alone. Bobby moved over to Dean's bed and sat beside him, putting a hand on Dean's shoulder.
The stranger finished sicking-up into the bin and raised his head, his blue eyes screwed up in confusion.
Dean stepped into their room, feeling fresh from the rest and the shower he'd just had, to see Castiel standing in front of the mirror, struggling with the tie he was attempting to fasten around his neck. He glanced at Dean's reflection, pulled off the offensive piece of cloth, and turned. Dean looked him up and down and smirked at the angel who had donned his suit and the trench coat that Dean had bought for him all those months ago.
"I am concerned that my body's gender is…off-putting to your brother. He seems to enjoy kissing but whenever we move further, he pulls away. I just need to know if it's me, if perhaps I'm doing something wrong. I never thought…" Cas lowered his gaze to the table, tracing the grain of the wood. "I never imagined I would be able to have this relationship with Dean. He always seemed so closed off despite our…bond. But now…" Sam watched as a small smile graced the former angel's mouth and his eyes softened, "Now I cannot imagine life without him." He turned his gaze once more on Sam. "If I ruin this, like I've ruined everything else I have touched, I…" his gaze dropped in shame, "I don't want to have to continue on without it…without him."
They stood in silence for a beat after Metatron had departed and then Dean turned to Cas and grabbed him by the shoulder.
As his shoulder made contact with Dean’s chest, the hunter felt the usual swell of feeling and emotion well up inside him, as it always did when he was near to the angel. Dean closed his eyes and inhaled, breathing in the angel’s scent. He smelled the same as he always had; like air and earth and lightening. He breathed it in, recalling all the times Cas had appeared by his side, crowding into Dean’s space with no regard for personal boundaries and intoxicating Dean with his scent. His nerves sang in delight where the angel had brushed by him, knocked breathless by the brief contact.
The words cut deep. Piercing to the heart of him and throwing light on every little nook and cranny of his dark subconscious. It was true, what she was saying, wasn't it? That was exactly what his father had turned him into. Daddy's blunt little instrument. Doing whatever it took to get the job done. Doing the unthinkable so that others didn't have to. That was his job because he was unclean. And he knew that, had always known. Ever since that night John had come home reeking of José and thrown him down on that month's bed. He could still smell the stench of his father's breath, the squealing of the bedsprings as though they were trying to cry out on his behalf, and his own complacency. That was the part that made it ten times worse. That he hadn't fought. That he hadn't done anything to stop his drunken father from violating him as he spewed vitriolic commentary on the state of Dean's sexual proclivity. He'd just lain back and let it happen. Perhaps he'd wanted it all along. Perhaps some sick part of himself had actually enjoyed the experience. Perhaps that was the same part of himself that had complied when that motel landlord suggested an alternate means of payment.
Dean and Cas lay in bed, sleepy and sated, the thick veil of post orgasmic bliss settling over them as they sought comfort in each other's embrace.
"Looks like you've got mostly bruised, a few broken ribs. They'll take about a month to heal and you may have some trouble breathing in the meantime but you'll be fine." He moved over to check the wound on his upper arm.
"Ohh. Fine. We'll fight. I don't know what you expect is gonna come of all this. Unless that's why you're stalling. Because you know nothing's gonna come of this unless your pals succeed upstairs. Well, here's a news flash, humpty and dumpty are starring in their very own version of 'Locked Up Abroad: Heaven' right now."
"And if I hadn't done it I would never have met this guy and I wouldn't be the happiest I've been in a long time so I choose to see it as a good decision."
He let out a frustrated sigh and exited the car, closing the door and glancing around. There was nothing for it. He would have to walk.
His brother's terse voice silenced him and Sam closed his mouth staring at Dean's tired face. The other diner patrons were starting to look their way and Dean threw down some bills and dragged his enraged brother out of the eatery and over to the blue dodge.
Dean stood and went to retrieve a large, rectangular object that sat in the corner by the tree with a blanket draped over it.
"It wasn't your fault Cas." he said softly. "That was all Metatron. And we'll make him pay. You'll see."
Castiel gasped in horror and hurried backwards until he hit the wall, his breath quickening and his face screwed up in terror.
He stopped and opened his eyes. He would not go back. Dean had told him to leave. Told him in angry, hurtful, rage fuelled words to go and to stay gone. So that was what he would do. He turned and started down the road, wiping the tears away.
"Remember when we were kids that spring in upstate New York? Dad was on a rugaru hunt. We uh…we crashed at the, uh…the bungalow colony with the ping-pong table?"
"Oh by all means don't stop on my account." The former demon said with a smirk, moving towards them and then past and into the kitchen.
Dean sat back, his eyes red from the tears and heavy-lidded from the booze. Sam could tell he wouldn't be conscious for very much longer but he was talking for the first time in months and Sam wanted to keep him going for as long as he could.
"And? What, are you blaming me for giving them what they want, giving them a brand they can believe in?"
Dean cleared his throat and glared at his brother sitting across from him at the crappy diner table. They were on their way to Vegas for their annual pilgrimage and had stopped off for sustenance.
Dean cursed under his breath and pulled onto the highway, hoping all would be well when they got back home.
Castiel reached over to the side table for the tissue box and grabbed a few, wiping away the remnants of their lovemaking before looking back at Dean.
Dean thought back to the sight of thousands of angels falling from the sky like the meteors they had been explained as, burning as they plummeted towards the ground, cast out of their home, injured and weak and alone.
Cas explained quickly his side of the story. How Metatron had used him and taken his grace and how the spell seemed to be irreversible.
As his opened eyes adjusted to the dimness of the room, the first thing he noticed was that he was well rested, the second was that there was a warm body pressed up against his back, arms wrapped securely around him, and the third was that the thing that was tickling his face was a feather.
A few weeks in, Castiel mentioned something about finding his own place but Dean wasn't having any of it. Dean liked having someone around and, so long as Cas didn't mind rooming with him, he was welcome to stay. Castiel insisted on at least contributing to the household: rent, utilities, food, and whatever else. Castiel was not a particularly material person by nature and he had come to Dean with virtually nothing, but slowly the apartment began acquiring a few new items here and there, a book or two, a few DVD's, a throw blanket for the couch when autumn fell and the temperature started to drop.
Cas shifted, bringing his hand away from Dean's side and up to cup his face, moving so he could look down into the hunter's verdant eyes. His expression was twisted in sadness.
But here he was staring up at Dean with those same blue eyes and oh God time had not exaggerated his features in Dean’s mind at all. The skin around the eyes creased in confusion, which was so…Cas, but it was underscored with something he had very rarely, if ever, seen in those expressive, blue eyes: fear.
Dinner was a loud, raucous affair with Sarah updating them on everything that was new in California and Sam telling embarrassing stories about Dean from their childhood for Cas’ benefit and everyone else’s (except Dean’s) enjoyment. And then Sam was glancing nervously at Sarah and clearing his throat for attention.
Dean sighed and set the burger back on the plate, leaning back in the booth and wiping his mouth on a napkin. He glanced out of the window and shrugged.
Cas dipped down and brought his lips once again to Dean's, letting out a surprised sound as Dean reached down and brushed his hand against Cas, smiling against his lips at the sound.
"When she was recruiting those students to be vessels." Sam sighed, as he looked at the photos on the web, "Wow. It's a bunch of kids."
"Cas? Hey, you okay?" Dean asked as he scrambled across the room, over the angel's body to where Castiel knelt, clutching his injury.
He threw the phone hard, watching as it ricocheted off one of the columns and fell to pieces on the floor. And then he was flooded with rage and he stood, knocking the chair back and swiping angrily at everything on the table – books, the remnants of his breakfast, the lamp – and sending it all crashing to the floor, throwing a chair too for good measure.
Dean sighed and gestured with his head for the angel to follow, making his way back to their room without a word. He could hear Castiel's footfalls echo loudly in the hallway, deafening him with every step they took.
Terror rose in Castiel as the thug moved over to Dean and grabbed him by the hair, pulling him up, ignoring Dean's cries of pain.
Dean was looking at him murderously and Sam knew that as soon as Dean's relief over the fact that Sam had miraculously survived faded, he would get more than an earful from his brother.
“You’re missing the point of faith.” She said with conviction, “It doesn’t matter what may or may not be out there. What matters is that you believe in it. That you make it true. And then let that truth help you in whatever way you need it to.” She laid a comforting hand on his shoulder before departing.
The next day, Sam rushed in all excited with his laptop and insisted Dean watch the latest trending, viral meme or whatever the fuck it was called.
"Get out of here! We can't trust you! Just get out!" The prophet continued to yell as Crowley cut a hasty exit back to his room.
Sam turned back, fetching another mug from the cupboard and filling it and his own with the warmed milk.
One night, nearly three weeks after Dean had taken Castiel home with him, they were sitting on Dean's threadbare but comfortable couch eating popcorn and watching some program that neither of them was paying particular attention to.
"Her magic resembled blue fire which she used to control her followers and kill those who opposed her."
"Like hell there is!" Sam countered, "What the hell did you mean last night when you talked about trying to kill yourself?"
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, pressing his hands against his ears as though he could block it all out that way.
Charlie noticed the looks Dorothy kept throwing them, assuming the worst as the huntress turned and regarded the redhead.
Blue eyes framed by long, dark lashes blinked open. Focusing in the dim light of the room, they settled on Dean's face and Cas' mouth relaxed into a content smile.
There was a pause during which Sam and Kevin looked like they were desperately trying not to picture how exactly Cas came to know this, while Charlie looked like her smile might snap if it got any wider.
"And who am I to decide that?" The question was soft, his tone...lost. "He was following my example. Everything he did, every angel he killed was because of me."
He smiled. In many ways he had been far luckier than he had ever thought possible. So what if it couldn't last? That was to be expected. At least he'd had something worthwhile, something real.
Cas put his hands on Dean's shoulders and one of his feet in Dean's joined hands, lifting himself up. Grabbing hold of the tree trunk for stability, he lifted the other foot to Dean's shoulder.
"Just talk to him okay? Tell him how you feel or I swear Dean I will lock you two in the dungeon until you do."
“Yeah, I guess your right. I suppose if Bobby and Ellen are okay with him too…I’m probably just overreacting, feeling guilty for leaving you to go back to school. Again.”
"If I had it to do all over again, I would not change a thing. For you Dean Winchester, I would fall every time."
"C2E2 dude! Best comic convention east of San Diego!" She gushed, pulling her car into a loading bay and stepping out.
Castiel turned and noticed the muscles of Dean’s jaw working to try and hold in the tears that were welling in his brilliant green eyes. He stood still and silent for a moment as he took in the fact that
"But some things 're new. Like food. Food tas'es better now. 'N water. 'memer th' firs' time I had water af'er I fell. Tas'ed sooo gooooood."
Dean glanced at Sam whose expression had hardened somewhat at the mention of the trickster who still caused him nightmares about Dean's many, many deaths.
He thought of Cas, newly human, experiencing pain and thirst and hunger for the first time. And Dean hadn't been there to help him. What if Cas hadn't reached them? What if Bartholomew had got his hands on him when he'd been pursuing him? What if he had gotten to Cas in the last few months when he'd been out on his own as Malachi had Muriel? Alone once again because of Dean's stupid mouth?
Sam nodded. "Yeah. You disappeared. Dad came back. You were gone. He shipped me off to Bobby's for a couple of months and went and found you. You were lost on a hunt or something."
Things had been going well between them. His physical injuries were healing well and the dark purple bruises that had marred his ribcage had now faded to a sickly yellow. Dean had begun to give the fallen angel weapons training and self-defence lessons so that the now-human Cas could defend himself and Dean could sleep easy.
"Well, someone brought me back. Why do we have to assume it's a bad thing? Good things do happen Dean."
A cold shock of fear coursed through him. Was he sick? Was he injured? Possibilities surged through his mind, each one more irrational and improbable than the last but it didn't stop Dean from worrying. He'd just gotten his angel back and he was damned if he was going to lose him again.
"One of those had better be for me." He said, gesturing to the six-pack-minus-one that sat on the ground beside Dean. Dean looked down and nodded, grabbing a bottle and handing it to the old hunter. Bobby popped off the cap as they both settled side-by-side on the ground, leaning back against the outer wall of the cabin. He took a pull from the bottle and cleared his throat.
"I'm just gonna go and get some dinner." Sam announced, grabbing his jacket and moving to the door. "And I'll call Kevin, see if he's found anything useful on the tablet."
"Because I can. Because you and your little brother and your fine, feathered friend and all those secrets you've got locked away in your bunker can't stop me. But I am going to enjoy watching you try. It's gonna be a hell of a show." He turned to the angel. "I'll see you around, Castiel. Never forget I gave you a chance."
If possible, Cas’s smile grew before he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips, smiling against them before leaning their foreheads together.
The light was growing in intensity as the angel's thrusts quickened, speeding up to match the gasping of his breaths and the pounding of his heart. He looked down at Dean, his blue eyes bluer, his dark hair wilder.
"This song it's…beautiful" He trailed off, not knowing how to put into words how the song was affecting him.
"The angels. They are home now, but they are leaderless. They need someone. Someone they can follow. Someone they can believe in. Gabriel you are the last archangel left. Accept your responsibility."
"All right." Malachi said evenly. "I leave you in the hands of an artist." he turned and glanced at Theo. "I don't care what's left."
Sam shook his head and ground his teeth. He'd never seen John Winchester as the great hero that Dean always had. He'd seen him as an obsessive bastard who would rather spend his time seeking revenge for his wife's death than provide a good and stable home for his sons. Still, the man had sacrificed himself to save Dean's life and Sam had spent the last six years trying to honour his father's memory.
"No, Cas." He was begging now, pleading. And the angel's eyes were sad as the last vestiges of his presence in Dean's mind were severed and the hunter was left with a cold emptiness. "Cas!"
"Right." he said, standing and abandoning his chore, moving over to the sound system and rifling through the pages of CD's in the case that sat next to the old stereo. He flipped through them until he found what he was looking for, put the disc in the player, skipped to the track he was looking for, and pressed play. He backed up, leaning against the inner bar beside Castiel as Paul McCartney's voice sounded from the speakers:
"He's gone." he said quietly, standing and stalking out of the library, leaving his brother kneeling amongst the remains of Dean's tantrum and wondering how they were going to get through this.
Cas appeared a few seconds later, sliding to a halt in his stocking feet, a look of devastation on his face.
Dean was holding on by a thread, his entire body shaking with the effort of keeping the tears at bay.
"It's all right." he murmured, rubbing soft circles into the distressed angel's back. "I'm here, babe. I'm not going anywhere."
"This…friend of yours. He the same reason you were so deliriously happy when you called me for Thanksgiving?"
"My dad was…he was a good person, and a good father, but my mom's death hit him hard and he never fully recovered. He was obsessive and angry and when he drank…" Dean let out a long, resigned breath, "Let's just say he wasn't fun to be around."
"Do you really believe that, moose?" he asked, his gaze penetrating, "Do you honestly believe that there is any hope of redemption for me?"
"Hmm." Dean's eyes fell shut once more and Cas leaned his head to rest his cheek against the hunter's dark blonde hair.
Dean brought his hand up to caress the other man's cheek, rubbing across the growth of beard and tangling in his hair, his gaze growing sad.
"You know," Jody said once Sam had finished informing Dean, "I'm thinking whatever this thing is, it's not going after virgins, even born-again virgins."
His brother jumped at the sound and glanced over at Sam, breathing erratic and on the wrong side of panicking.
Once they got back, Sam disappeared into his room while Dean followed Castiel into the library, throwing his duffle down onto the table.
He trailed off, biting his lip and hoping that what he was about to say wouldn't send his emotionally constipated brother running.
"It's acting as some kind of angel siren." Cas explained, "I think it's a spell. The ingredients used to create it were very odd... Griffin feathers, bones of a fairy. I've never seen it before."
Sam sighed and he and Bobby eyed each other, silently agreeing that that was all they were likely to get out of Dean. At least it was something.
He grabbed the prophet and ran, rounding up Linda and sequestering them in the dungeon. Grabbing cans of spray-paint from the storeroom, he proceeded to cover every available wall space with angel warding sigils.
"I honestly don't know. The tablet said 'whosoever choses to undertake these tasks should fear not danger nor death' and the tasks were set by God…"
"These angels were…butchered." Cas said, looking over the photos as the police milled around them. "Much more violence than is required."
He shivered and the arms that held him tightened. He smiled. Even in sleep Cas was always mindful of Dean and what Dean needed from him. He owed Cas so much; his life, his happiness, his love. And he was determined to give the angel the same. He had damn well earned it.
"He was already a bit screwy, but then he found religion. She was a hard-line atheist, no peach herself. When he got himself obsessed with this buddy Boyle wackjob, an already bad marriage got worse. Kept telling her to 'let God in'."
Cas sat in silence for a few moments, staring up at Dean from where his head rested against the seat before speaking up.
Sam looked up from his book when Dean threw open the front door and stormed in looking panicked and afraid. Bobby followed shortly.
On the other hand, here was an opportunity to gain some knowledge and insight into Metatron's operation while simultaneously ridding Metatron of his right hand.
Cas nodded and made a grab for the implement, which he missed. Dean grabbed his hand and put the toothbrush in it. Cas held it, staring at it before moving it towards his mouth and managing to get it in without too much trouble.
"Perhaps we could start over. I enjoyed our conversation. It was something I doubt Dean would be interested in."
"Yeah." He answered, helping Castiel sit up. The angel groaned as his already abused body protested at the movement. Dean's hands came up to cup Cas' face, "Hey, look at me."
"Alright, bathroom's down the hall, there are towels and feel free to use any of Sam's fancy hair stuff." He moved to his dresser, pulling out some sweats and a t-shirt, "Here." He said, handing him the clothes, "Come to the kitchen after, I'll make you some food."
Dean was calm, content. The quick smile that Sam remembered from childhood which had been slowly fading over the years was back, as was his laugh. His eyes were brighter and held none of the world-weary exhaustion that had been present since his resurrection at Castiel's hand, and further amplified by the harsh year spent fighting for his life in purgatory. He had also been drinking less; no longer putting away a bottle of whiskey a night and Sam found himself affected by his brother's new, more relaxed attitude. It was true that Sam hadn't been particularly receptive to the idea of the bunker as their home, but recently he had begun to settle in. He had even decorated his room, hanging up the few photos he had of the two of them.
Dean's head hung in shame, unable to deny the truth in Castiel's words. Cas reached out and, with one hand, gently lifted the other man's chin.
The elder Winchester struggled to his feet and took off. Sam grabbed their bags and followed after him, finally catching up to him in the garage where he was trying, and failing, to unlock the car with unsteady hands.
Jody smiled and pulled Cas in for a hug, which he tentatively reciprocated, still not quite comfortable with physical displays of affection from any one other than Dean and perhaps Sam.
But despite the internal pep talk, he still felt the painful lump form in his throat. Cas slid off his lap, coming down to lie beside him, taking Dean's head in his strong hands and looking at him in concern.
The angel shook his head and shuddered as he though back to his first attempts to consume the sandwich after the restoration of his grace, a vain attempt to capture a memory of Dean that didn't want to make him curl up into a ball and hide away until the hurt left.
"Thank you Sam." He answered, staring at the box before sliding his fingers beneath the folds of coloured paper and unsticking the tape as gently as he could manage.
"And who do you think gave the order to capture Castiel?" Gadreel countered. "Unless you think Metatron isn't interested in questioning the leader of the rebellion?"
The witch stared at him for a beat, her head tilted as she considered the veracity of his word before presumably deciding he was telling the truth and disintegrating into a tornado of green and grey and disappeared into the air vents.
Dean unbuttoned his dress shirt and pulled it off, leaving him in his t-shirt as Cas continued to ramble drunkenly.
Even though Dean had already surmised that Daphne was Emmanuel’s wife, hearing him say it out loud was like a cymbal crash in his head. This was wrong, so very, very wrong. Cas wasn’t supposed to be just some other person living in Colorado and married to some random woman. He was supposed to be with Dean and Sam, popping in on occasion, accompanying them on hunts, frowning in confusion and incomprehension at Dean’s pop culture references. Dean should be the one teaching Cas about shaking hands not this…floozy.
“I know.” He pulled the angel forward, wrapping his arms around him and reveling in the solidity of his friend as though he needed to touch him, feel him, to prove he was really here, “Now go save my brother. Meg and I will be right behind you.”
"I have thought about it at great length." Cas explained. "Trying to determine what the feelings meant; what my vessel and being were trying to tell me. I now believe the feeling to be love."
"My dad called me a whore that night." Dean spoke the words softly, barely a whisper, as though he was afraid of them. "What if he was right?"
"Yeah, but eating's not only about need, it's about enjoying the taste. Besides, you love my PB&Js."
"I'm sorry, Gary, but my regular sitter couldn't make it and I don't have a replacement. Can't we just reschedule? I'm free-" She stopped talking and pulled the phone away from her ear, staring at it before scoffing and pressing the end button angrily before setting it down on the counter with a frustrated "Men!"
Words could not describe how much he hated being asked that question, especially by Sam, because he of all people ought to know that no, Dean was not 'okay'. Dean hadn't been 'okay' in years, decades. The last time Dean had truly been okay, his mother had been tucking him in, singing Hey Jude, and telling him that angels were watching over him.
"Dean." Castiel answered and Dean shuffled forward and collapsed onto the bench seat of the kitchen table, straddling it and resting his head against Cas' shoulder.
Cas considered the hunter's serious tone and set aside his book, gently shaking the older Winchester awake.
They finally reached the command centre to find Dean duct taped and handcuffed to a chair with all the angels standing guard around him.
Dean loitered as Cas/Emmanuel untied Daphne and helped her up, fawning over her and asking if she was all right. As Dean watched the exchange he felt…something growing in his gut, a painful pressure that squeezed at his insides at the sight of this person who looked like Cas but wasn’t and this…woman who was touching him like she had the right to. A surge of…anger? Jealousy? Pain? Rose up inside Dean at the sight of them holding hands; touching, gazing lovingly into each other’s eyes.
And then Castiel’s hand was on the demon’s head and blinding light was pouring out of every orifice before it dropped to the floor, eyes burned out.
His voice cut off as a painful lump formed and a few more tears escaped. Dean lowered his hand and rubbed it soothingly over his shoulder.
Sam glanced up to see Gadreel frowning in growing interest at Dean's supposed connection with Cas, and then ushered his brother out of earshot of the angel and sat him down.
"What?!" She yelled as she tried to wriggle out of his grasp, "Get your hands off me! What are you doing?!"
Cas opened his mouth, remembering well what the pizza man had taught him, and moaned at the explosion of pleasure that accompanied Dean's tongue as it delved into his mouth and intertwined with his own.
Sam shifted uncomfortably and Dean tensed. His brother had that look about him like he was going to ask something personal about Dean. More personal than his perceived sexuality that was.
"It's okay." Cas assured hastily, stroking along Dean's cheek as their breathing subsided. "You can slow down. I'm not going anywhere."
There were many things he could no longer sense. As an angel he could see everything. All the atoms and chemicals and molecules that made up all that there was, the building blocks of the universe, constantly in motion, constantly shifting, growing, changing. He had been able to see too, what the humans saw, the whole picture as it were. That was what he saw now and, though a part of him missed the wider picture, he was much more interested in exploring the flood of feelings he was now experiencing without the filter of his angelic self.
Dean filled it up and the man took a pull, setting it down and focusing back on the same spot he'd been staring at all night.
Cas stood with the help of Dean, leaning on the hunter as he fought against a wave of dizziness, and moved forward until he stood next to his brother, placing his hand on his shoulder for comfort as well as balance. Gabriel looked up into Castiel's earnest gaze and sighed, rolling his eyes as his uncharacteristically solemn expression dissolved into his usual wicked grin.
He returned to the motel room and shut the door, locking it with an idle gesture. He lowered himself to the bed, dropping his head into his hands, and shut out the voices of his brothers. At first it had been a comfort, opening himself up once again to the familiar hum in the back of his mind. But there was so much confusion and strife and anguish; voices crying out in fear and anger. So he shut it out and sat in lonely silence.
His tone and expression were cold and uncaring, but still Sam could see the pain that dwelt just beneath the surface, ready to surge up and drown the man at any moment.
Dean fished his keychain out of his jacket pocket and handed them to Castiel by way of an answer. Castiel fingered the bronze AA chip that was attached.
"Hey, at least you held your own with three guys against you, most people can't even defend themselves against one."
Sam blinked. The words had been spoken in the usual gruff tones but there was something missing; an underlying anger that was just…gone.
Dean stared long and hard at his brother, hoping he would chuckle and say 'just kidding' and that would be the end of it. But he didn't.
They were shown around the church by a buttoned up red-head in a purple cardigan and peter-pan collar named, quite aptly, Bonny. Eventually they ended up in the office where Sam managed to broach the subject of the missing people and they discovered that all four of them had been part of the same chastity group.
"It is obvious that you don't." he spat, his voice trembling with either rage or grief, he really couldn't tell anymore. "Therefore I will go. But once I walk out that door, rest assured I will
Sam smiled as Dean reached forward and pulled him in for a hug, clapping him on the back and squeezing hard.
Then the whole warehouse began to shake and Sam, as though just remembering that Metatron was there, went to drive his own angel blade into the would-be god, but the snake had already disappeared from sight.
Dean felt the weight of that knowledge settle on his already overburdened shoulders like a colossus. He had been
"Mmm no." Dean answered. "Woke up and you weren't there. Didn't like it." Dean lifted his head to plant a sideways kiss on the angel's head.
He went back to his food but out of the corner of his eye he could see that Sam still had his I have questions expression on. Dean chose to ignore it.
"When I rescued Dean from hell, his soul was…damaged, in tatters. Nothing compared to what you went through in the cage, but it had begun to twist, to taint. It was in the very earliest stages of becoming a demon."
"Forget the damn game!" he yelled, slamming his hand on the table and sweeping the stupid board game off the table. Why should Cas get to faff around, playing games and following bees while the whole world went to shit because of something
Dean stripped off his dress pants, leaving him in just his shirt and boxers, and pulled him up, manoeuvring them over to the bathroom where he plunked Cas down on the closed toilet lid.
Cas spent the rest of dinner stroking his fingers over Brian's dark fur while the rest of them feasted on the food that Dean had prepared, and laughed and drank and were merry.
They pulled apart and Dean took a deep breath before swinging an arm around Castiel's shoulders and pulling him forward.
Dean found Cas out back, sitting on an overturned crate and staring off into the distance, his hands clasped, arms draped around his knees. His expression was impassible but his eyes were sad. Dean grabbed another crate and set it down beside him, plunking himself down.
He had moved into John’s house. The doctors had suggested it because he still had balance issues and lapses in awareness.
He moaned into the angel's mouth, darting his tongue in and basking in the heat that surged through him.
anything. The part of himself that had been Jimmy Novak, that had married and loved Amelia Novak, still mourned her death, still cried for her and felt the ache of loneliness and separation and loss. But the part of him that was Castiel, that had woken, hung-over in Dean’s apartment and worked at the Roadhouse and had taken the leap and kissed Dean that night two months ago on the couch, didn’t care. Because he loved Dean, thanked God for Dean, found safety and comfort in his embrace and strength to go on in his sparkling green eyes.
"It's okay, Dean." he said, his voice calm and soothing. "You were just having a nightmare, that's all."
"Dean, have you ever…with a guy…you know…since…?" He filled the unspoken words with vague gestures and looks that he hoped would convey his meaning without him having to actually say the words
Sam watched his brother looking at Castiel with peace and love in his eyes and decided that maybe Castiel wasn't all that bad. Still, the fact that Dean still didn't know anything about Castiel's past made him wary. Years of growing up with an obsessive father who had hammered home the mantra of 'trust no one' had made Sam wary when it came to the unknown.
When Crowley next woke, Castiel, sainted Castiel, Dean's boy-toy Castiel, was sitting in the chair the giant had been occupying when he'd fallen asleep.
"Whatever it is that brought you and Sam here near a week ago. Whatever it is that's got you looking like the last puppy left in the store."
– bringing his head to rest on what had been Cas' pillow. He buried his face in it and inhaled, his mind inundated with memories of sweet moments in the early hours of the morning, waking up from a nightmare to find strong arms wrapped around him, holding him close. At those times it would take a moment for him to remember that the arms belonged to Castiel and that it was totally normal that they were there and his chest would fill with an emotion that he wanted to call love if it weren't for the fact that the idea of being in love with the man scared the shit out of him.
Dean’s heart lurched painfully. He couldn’t believe it. He’d watched Castiel walk into that reservoir, had seen him sink beneath the placid surface and not come back.
Dean sighed and swiped angrily at a tear. He wouldn't cry! And he wouldn't go after him or call or pray! Cas was better off without him anyway. After all, he was an angel again. He could go and be with his family. He could reopen heaven and go home and be happy, far away from Dean and the train wreck that was his attempt at a functional, healthy relationship. Hell, now that Cas was an angel again, any sort of relationship between them would probably be forbidden. And besides, who in their right mind would want to be in a relationship with him anyway? It was a miracle they had made it this long what with the panic attacks he still had despite the progress he'd made and all the fucking sobbing he'd been doing.
Dean sat against the wall, beaten and broken, face throbbing and blood trickling and obscuring his vision. Blearily, he caught sight if the angel blade that sat just out of reach. He strained his aching body to reach forward, stubbornly ignoring the way his ribs screamed in agony at the movement until he had the weapon in his grasp. A thrill of victory went through him and he sat up. Only to find Metatron in front of him with his own angel blade which he drove hard into Dean's chest.
"They were all members of Good Faith Church here. My church group back in Sioux Falls was in a tizzy over it."
He survived the growing suspicion that the Cas that had made it out of Purgatory was not the same one he had left there.
"He was still my brother, Dean. It was still difficult to see him again and just as difficult to say goodbye." He looked away, tears prickling at the corner of his eyes and Dean felt like shit. "And as for him being dead," he added, "I wouldn't be so sure of that."
Once they were on the road back to Kansas, Castiel picked up the battered box of tapes, rifling through them until he found what he was looking for. It was a testament to how much Dean loved Cas that he didn’t even complain about the ‘driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cake hole’ rule being broken, although if he were to be perfectly honest, that rule really only applied when the shotgun was Sam.
"That's why most of us don't anymore." Dean answered. He looked over at the expression of defeat on Castiel's face. "Just take a break. Watch some TV or something."
Dean could feel it. Everything. All the emotional crap that he'd spent his life pushing down wanting to rise up and spill out in a tidal wave of…feelings.
Despite his haste, Sam paused for a moment to take in the sight. Domesticity had never been a big part of their lives, but ever since the former angel had shown up at the bunker, Dean and Cas had fallen into a comfortable routine so different from their previous, world-saving, nomadic existence.
I just want to say thanks to everyone who has read and favourited and alerted and reviewed this story, it's really made writing it a pleasure and thanks to Rainbow Fruit Loop for continuing to be an awesome beta.
He remembered the first time his father had handed him a shotgun. How heavy it had been and how clumsy he had felt holding it. He remembered his father's terse instructions, his gruff voice making him more and more nervous and afraid of getting it wrong, of doing something stupid, until the weapon was shaking in his grasp and John Winchester's infamous temper had all but exploded. He remembered how Dean had stepped forward, placing his steady hands over Sam's quaking ones, still too small to even hold the gun properly, and guiding it into position, showing him that he could do it and holding on until his grip was as steady as his older brother's. Dean had always been there for Sam, not only as a surrogate parent and protector, but as a role model for what Sam wanted to be when he grew up.
"I couldn't stand just sitting there, not doing anything." He glanced up, "I'm not built like that Cas. And besides, you probably weren't gonna survive. Whether from Metatron or your own grace killing you and I just...I couldn't..."
His heart ached but he shoved the feeling down. He should be grateful for the time he'd spent with the angel, not lamenting the fact that it was all over. Hell, he should be grateful it happened at all, it's not like he had deserved any of it. The universe had granted him a short reprieve from his hellish life and now it was over. Dean Winchester was miserable and alone. All was once again right with the world.
Their steps echoed in the vast, cavernous space as they moved slowly down the center aisle, the grandeur of the building demanding reverence from its inhabitants despite the fact that neither of the two men had much in the way of belief.
"Dean?" the angel asked, nervousness jittering through the connection as he struggled to gauge Dean's reaction. It had seemed like a good idea at the time, the only thing he could think to give Dean that would truly be worthy of the man he loved, but Dean's relationship with his past was confusing at best and as time passed and Dean still did not speak, Castiel began to fear that he had made the wrong decision.
Cas turned and burrowed in close, intertwining himself with Dean as though trying to merge their bodies together.
Cas' hand was on his face and the angel was speaking but Dean couldn't hear the words, not through the din of nothingness that echoed in the empty spaces inside him.
"My mother died when I was young and my father left not long after so I was mostly raised by my brothers. When I was fifteen, I met Amelia. We were high school sweethearts and we ended up getting married once we finished college. We had a daughter, Claire."
At last the file came through and Sam downloaded it to the computer with Dean hovering over his shoulder to look at it.
Dean looked at the house into which Cas had disappeared. There had been no recognition in his eyes when he had looked up at Dean.
In the meantime they started hunting again. They tracked down Garth only to discover that the former hunter was now happily married and living as a werewolf, investigated a fat sucking Peruvian monster running a health spa, and ran into Ed and Harry, the Ghostfacers who seemed to be going through a break up of their own.
"And?" Sam said, not sure how graphic Dean was planning on getting but hoping, praying, he wouldn't be too detailed.
"Dean." Benny's low, southern drawl sounded down the line as the call connected. "How're you doin' brother?"
"You know? I think I like it without the tie." he suggested, undoing the top button and letting the collar fall open.
"They do not exist on a plane that most humans can perceive and interact with, and angels do not engage in physical contact unless in battle or for more carnal purposes."
Dean held out the coat to Cas like a superhero’s uniform. Cas stared, fingering the folded material before looking up at Dean.
He held the paper in his hand, struck by her capacity for forgiveness. This woman, whom he had barely known, whom he had tried to kill, but with whom he had still felt a connection. Because despite her assumptions, he hadn't been playing her in the restaurant (well, he had) but he hadn't needed to lie in order to do that.
"My family was very religious growing up. We didn't have very wide musical tastes outside of what we heard in church."
"No, Dean." Sam answered, trying desperately to control his anger in the face of his brother's state. "You've probably already given yourself alcohol poisoning as it is, you're not having anymore."
The former angel seemed to deliberate for a few moments before making up his mind and stepping into the room.
"Why would he do that?" Sam's voice sounded from behind Dean and he swung around, having momentarily forgotten his brother was even in the vicinity.
The question was asked so quietly Sam nearly didn't hear it but when he looked to where his brother was huddled against the corner of the sofa, he could see pleading in Dean’s green eyes. Dean never asked for help, never asked for anything for himself.
They kissed long and hard, tongues dancing and hands clutching desperately at clothes as Cas pushed Dean back against the bed. He kissed a line along Dean's jaw to his neck and mouthed at the pulse point, which was now racing.
Hey guys! So sorry about the impromptu three month hiatus, life got crazy and stressful and terrible. And this chapter did not help. But I hope you're all still with me and that you enjoy this latest instalment!
"You sick?" Dean asked, worried that Sam's miraculous recovery had somehow taken a turn for the worst.
"Keep your panties on Dean." He ordered, voice hard as he turned back to the fallen angel, resting a hand on his forehead and bending over him, "I'm sorry brother." He whispered. And then his angel blade was in his hand and he brought it quick as a flash across Castiel's throat. The angel's eyes snapped open and he gasped, arching his back in Dean's grasp as a tiny amount of heavenly blue liquid light spilled from the cut and drifted out and into a small bottle that Gabriel had produced from…somewhere. It barely filled even a quarter of the tiny bottle and once it had been stopped, the archangel ran his hand over Castiel's throat as Castiel crumpled back into Dean's arm.
Dean finished heaving and Sam took the bucket as Dean slumped sideways. He set it down on the desk and pulled off his unconscious brother's boots and coat before pulling the covers out from under him and tucking him in. He took the can to the bathroom to empty it and brought it back, setting it beside the bed before settling down in the desk chair to watch over his brother and ruminate on how he was going to get Dean to talk about everything he had revealed tonight.
Dean's stomach rolled in discomfort at Cas' use of the phrase 'talk about our feelings', but nevertheless, he nodded.
They made it to Sam's room, settling him in the bed where he immediately drifted off to sleep again.
"…so then we ended up burning the forest down so that we wouldn't be killed by the apple grenades the trees were launching at us." Dorothy finished her story to silence while Dean nodded appreciatively at the top-notch hunting, Castiel frowned in interest and confusion, not having any context for the story, and Charlie just looked devastated as yet another piece of her childhood was overwritten.
!"What are you talking about?" Dean asked, body trembling as he listened to the wheezing of Cas' breath.
Castiel took the money to the counter where a harried-looking blonde woman seemed to be having some sort of verbal altercation over the phone.
The angel didn't respond right away and for a second Dean feared another Emmanuel incident, that the madness he'd released Sam from had somehow robbed him of himself and he'd forgotten everything again.
"Sam, you were my life. Since I war four years old, looking after you was what I did. And then you just…left. And then Dad left and it was like the only thing I was good for was looking after you and once you were gone…"
"And he could use a skilled soldier like yourself." he sighed and shook his head. "Oh, but I don't know."
He may have fallen, he may no longer be an angel, but he loved the man whom he held in his arms. He had pulled him from hell and rebuilt him. Dean may have done questionable things but they were always born out of a need and desire to protect those who could not protect themselves and he had not deserved half the things that he had been put through, let alone what he had just revealed his father had done to him.
He thought about how it felt to kiss those lips and be kissed by them. Waking up that morning to Castiel's sleeping body beside him; his warm, solid presence. How easy it had felt to make breakfast and invade each other's space even with an audience. It had felt so…right.
Sam had tried to talk Dean into calling the angel several times, but all that ended up accomplishing was Dean either yelling and breaking things or stalking off in a silent rage and eventually the younger Winchester gave up; if his brother wanted to be pigheaded and stupid, then that was his prerogative. Still, there were times where he found himself wanting to dial Castiel's number or pray to the angel but he always caught himself, knowing that Dean needed to be open and receptive to the idea of making up with his boyfriend before he came face to face with the angel, or he could very well end up burning that bridge once and for all.
Dean couldn't hold the tears back and they tricked down his cheeks and dripped from his nose as Castiel's other arm came around his back and the hand that was in his hair pushed gently until his face rested on Cas' shoulder. He brought up his hands to fist Castiel's shirt.
"You say you want to live." Ephram continued, ignoring Dean, "But you can't see what I see. By choosing a human life, you've already given up. You. Chose. Death."
He glanced back up at Dean and stroked a thumb over the faint lines that crinkled around his eyes when he smiled.
Through the labyrinthine corridors of the underground bunker he ran. Around one of the corners he collided with Linda Tran. Not having time for an explanation, he grabbed her by the upper arm and dragged her along with him.
That being said, I hope this chapter makes sense and that you enjoy reading it as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
Cas signed his name on the line and then, deciding it might look a little suspicious to only have one name, added
"What?" The words were laced with venom as he spat them out. He sighed, pain replacing the anger in his face. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry Cas."
Sam left, shutting the door behind him, and Cas looked back to find Dean with his head bowed, fidgeting with his fingernails. He reached his hands out and covered Dean's, ceasing the anxious movement. Dean's gaze came up, nervous and tentative, as though waiting for Cas to snap out of whatever spell he'd been put under and leave in disgust. Cas shook his head mentally at the fear he saw in the hunter's eyes, knowing Dean, and knowing exactly what was going though his mind.
Dean was struggling to put one foot in front of the other until finally his legs gave out and he sagged in Sam's arms.
When they arrived at Bobby’s Castiel gathered their luggage and, after greeting everyone warmly, sent Dean a significant glance before disappearing upstairs to unpack.
"Slowly, I guess through TV and general gut instinct, I started to figure out what those…tendencies meant." Dean chuckled darkly, "I'd never been so terrified and alone when I finally realized that I was…" Dean trailed off again, the word caught in his throat. Still after all these years, he couldn't vocalize it. His secret, hidden deep down, buried in a vain belief that if it could be ignored and forgotten it would go away. He took a shuddering breath and sniffed, wiping another errant tear away.
"Fuck off, Cas!" Dean yelled, throwing it off angrily and stalking away, back turned to the angel. "Just go!"
"I know you don't really like using Dad's journal so much anymore." He explained, shrugging his shoulders, "besides, I figured it was time for you to start one of your own."
want to be a leader and yet angels were pledging allegiance to him. Putting their faith in him just as so many had before. And look how that had worked out. He closed his eyes and thought of the slew of empty motel rooms he had occupied; the long hours on the road. As an angel, he was built for solitude, the endless chatter of his brethren in his mind enough to temper any loneliness he may feel. But he had experienced the joy and comfort of lying in Dean's arms, waking up next to him, sharing countless little moments together on the couches in the library or the front seat of the Impala or seated side by side in a diner booth, hands clasped and feet intertwined as they shared a meal with Sam. He
It continued. Days and months and years passing as he watched and felt every moment spent in his mother's presence. Food shopping and trips to the park, his first steps. He watched his mother as she stared in awe at his first laugh, his first words, looking down on him as though he was the most precious thing in the world. And for the first time in so very long, a small part of him actually began to believe it.
The scene changed. Mary was flitting around the kitchen, looking like an angel in her white nightgown and housecoat. Not a dick angel, a proper angel. Like a painting. Her hair free and flowing as she brewed coffee and occasionally stopped to smile at baby Dean who watched, captivated from his bassinette. Nothing remarkable happened, it was just another day, but Dean soaked it up like sunshine in the spring, drinking in the maternal love he had been denied in his childhood.
"Suiting up. We are going in as Federal Officers are we not? I still have the badge you gave me." he said, fishing it out of his inner breast pocket.
"The talking has helped, Dean, I know you know that. But it's a slow process and it takes time. You can't just skip to the end. You have to let yourself heal." As he spoke, he moved in closer and closer until he was whispering against Dean's lips. "It will be okay, I'm not going anywhere."
Dean pulled his plaid shirt on over his navy blue t-shirt and sat down facing the ex-angel on the bed.
Both brothers were silent as Sam tried to come to terms with the implications of what Dean had revealed.
Sam looked at his brother. His big brother who always looked out for him and put him first. Who, despite the fact that they left on bad terms, had still made the effort to drive across the country to make sure that he was okay. He smiled.
"I guess not." he answered, the atmosphere tense and awkward. Little contact had been made between the former demon and the rest of the occupants of the bunker for the past few months.
And hit a solid, invisible wall that thrummed with a power that would not let him pass. His heart plummeted. The angel warding was still up. He could not get inside.
"And then? They will do nothing because they are frightened little sheep following my crook wherever it leads. And where I'm taking them, back to our rightful place atop this mountain of human shame and excrement, when that happens, trust me, they're not gonna care how they got there.
The angel didn't speak, just stood there with pain and uncertainty shining out of his honey coloured eyes making him look, for the first time in Castiel's long, long life, like the child he must have been when his beloved big brother had fallen so spectacularly from grace.
Dean had explained briefly to Sam about Emmanuel and the amnesia but Dean also knew Sam would have more questions. Sam always had more questions.
Dean pulled them down gently onto the bed, pulling the covers out and over them and guiding Castiel down to rest on his shoulder, his head in the crook of Dean's neck, wrapping his arms around the man and reveling in the feeling of Cas' arms around him.
The sound echoed in his mind, filled it up until all he knew was light and comfort and ecstasy and that voice. It was still Jimmy's voice but underscored with something…else. Something ancient and vast. A voice that could cause earthquakes and bring a mountain to its knees. A voice that could shatter glass.
Cas opened his mouth but before he could say anything, his eyes rolled back and his lids closed and Dean shook the angel as he reached around to thread his fingers through his hair.
"My name is Castiel. My grace was stolen by Metatron and used to cast all of the angels out of heaven."
"Fewer and fewer. Each side is rounding up those who would try and stay neutral. Angels are being tortured and killed if they don't pledge loyalty."
Thanks to everyone who's read and reviewed and favourited and followed! My life is in a bit of an upheaval at the moment and every single alert I get makes dealing with this a lot easier.
"Wait," he said, stepping back, planting a hand on Cas' shoulder, staring him in the face, "did you... did you just understand a Death Star reference?"
Things came to a head one night in mid November when the bunker door opened with a bang and Dean came stumbling in, interrupting Sam's late night research and nearly breaking his neck when he lost his balance and tumbled down the last few stairs.
Dean and Cas had been gone for a few hours when Kevin had come bounding into his room to tell him the 'Big News'.
"Guarded by two of Metatron's most loyal." Gadreel answered, indicating the mother and daughter seen playing there. "I recruited them myself. So, you said you had a plan... How we might convince them to let us pass."
The elder Winchester cracked an eye. The corner of Sam's mouth was turned up and Dean sent him a soft smile.
did it feel good, but Cas gasped suddenly and not in a nice, sexy way but in an 'I just remembered I have several bruised and broken ribs' way.
"I am an Angel of the Lord, Dean." he said in a tone that Dean might have described as exasperated if he didn't know the man – angel – as well as he did. And as a matter of fact, he
Cas, who had stopped praying momentarily, stared at the photo a moment longer, his jaw clenched, before moving back the bed, kneeling in front of it, hands clasped firmly, his head bowed.
"We have very little choice in the matter." Cas said heatedly. "I am sorry that I can't just fly out of here and get you the information that you need, but I can't sit here and do nothing. My brothers and sisters are slaughtering each other because of something that was partially my doing so I have to explore all possible avenues open to me. Besides, I am human and warded, likely my prayer will be lost in the multitude and no one of any consequence will come. And if they do I have you to protect me."
"Actually the visions were pretty painful," Sam explained, attempting to alleviate the current prophet's feelings, "Chuck said they felt like migraines. Also they seemed to strike at unknown intervals, at least you can choose when to read the tablets and when not to."
"How is he?" Cas asked, suddenly nervous now that he was here and faced with the reality that he was going to see Dean.
In the end it was Charlie who vanquished the Wicked Witch of the West, which she proudly exclaimed with a sassy, "Ding dong bitches."
"The key to Oz." Dorothy said, explaining what it did and showing them a drawing of it from her journal.
Sam looked sorrowfully at his brother and Dean averted his eyes, not wanting the pity, and so was unprepared for Sam launching himself out of his chair and tackling Dean in a hug.
Dean struggled against the grip but Cas held fast and he struggled against the emotions pouring in but Cas kept them coming. He could do it forever, there was no limit to how he felt about the man, no end to the love he had for him. It was an absolute and Castiel was determined that Dean would come to understand that. Nothing could take that away. Nothing.
The feather that had woken him was one of only a few still clinging to the skeletal frame of the wing. From what little he could remember of glimpsing the shadowed impression of Cas' wings that first night in the barn, they had been huge and impressive and dense. Now they were ragged, feathers tattered, soft black down barely covering the white bone that shone through.
Sam shook his head, "Not really. I mean, not to the point where I tried. But…I guess, last year, doing the trials, it felt like I was trying to make up for everything. And at the end, when you begged me to stop…all I could think was that if I had to die so that I could fix what I'd done; not being able to stop the gates of hell from opening, setting Lucifer free, watching helpless as he beat you senseless using my body…I figured if the price to pay for all that was my life…I would gladly give it. And maybe something good could come out of it."
For a moment, Castiel thought maybe Sam Winchester had lied to him as some sort of epic revenge - that for some reason involved reuniting him with his daughter - and then the penny dropped and he was confronted by the impossibly long list of rockstar aliases Dean had to choose from.
It wasn't fair damnit! The universe couldn't go and bring Cas back only to take him away again, leaving this shadow, this ghost behind that looked like Cas and sounded like Cas but wasn't
"It's wordplay." Cas wondered. "And the answer is the key, like the doors of Durin in Lord of the Rings."
His brain stalled. He knew the word. It was a simple word. Five letters that’s all. Just five little letters. A simple English word. To be without company. Solo. Unaccompanied. But the word would not come. Like a handful of water it slipped away and he let out a scream that was equal parts anger, frustration, and grief.
to do this. Not because of my father or because we need to capture a virginity Goddess or even just to prove to you how I feel, I…I need to do it for me. Because when I signed that pledge yesterday, I did feel like I was letting go. I did feel like I was wiping my slate clean." He sighed and shook his head. "For as long as I can remember the…memory of what my dad did was there every time I had sex. But here, now, finally it's just us. And I'm not doing this to prove a point or to show that I can. I'm doing because I want it. Because it's my choice."
Dean considered the deal. On the one hand, he didn't trust Crowley, even as a human. But it was true that he had a vast amount of knowledge at his disposal, not to mention the money. And Linda…
Castiel nodded again and turned, striding down the hallway, allowing Dean's voice in his mind to guide the way.
"I don't know. After dad…" Dean stopped and cleared his throat, "I was really confused. Scared." His gaze dropped to his hands where they began shredding the paper napkin, "I kept having all these…feelings for guys. I didn't know what to do. It made me angry."
Who was he kidding? There was no way he could ever make up for all that he had done. All the souls he had bought, all the people he had corrupted. He thought about Kevin's anger. The kid had a right to be angry, furious. He thought about the Winchesters. Sure they let him stay, but only after he had provided them with his vast accumulated wealth and knowledge. He thought about the friends of theirs he'd killed just to get at them; the sheriff he'd nearly succeeded in killing and the pretty brunette he had succeeded at. And he thought about Castiel who knew a thing or two about redemption and who had begun to visit him out of what pity? Genuine care? What did it matter? He was never going to succeed.
Sam waited for him to elaborate but he didn't say anything, just sat and pondered the table with a look of intense concentration.
He had been avoiding the rest of the inhabitants of the bunker, partly because he knew they wanted him to, but partly also because every time he looked at Sam or Dean or Castiel or Linda Tran, he remembered the countless times he had used, abused, and/or betrayed them. And Kevin. Kevin's scarred, jaded eyes that had once been so wide and innocent. He was responsible for those eyes. He could remember snapping his girlfriend's neck for no other reason than because it caused the prophet pain. He had cut his finger off, kidnapped and tortured his mother, pursued him relentlessly, held him captive…
Dean nearly choked on the burger he'd just bitten into when Sam came out with his non sequitur. He coughed and hacked for a few moments before he managed to take a breath and swallow properly.
"Dean." He filled his voice with as much grace as he could muster without blowing the lights. "Nothing you say can change the way I feel about you."
"I have no quarrel with you." the stranger replied, stepping forward once more. "My business is with the boy."
He smiled up at him and Cas smiled back, taking a seat on the edge of the bed and turning to face him.
So he did what he always did when asked that question, rolled his eyes and said in terse tones, "I'm fine, Sammy."
"The problem with you, Dean, is the cynicism." Metatron answered back. "Always with the cynicism. But most people, even the real belly crawlers living in filth...Or Brentwood...They don't want to be cynical. They just want something to believe in."
"This isn't the 'rules according to Dean'." Dean said quickly before the air quotes could make a reappearance, "This is proper society rules."
"My um…feelings…for Cas…aren't the first I've had for…a guy." Dean began slowly, avoiding eye contact with his brother. "When I was I guess ten or eleven, I found myself…drawn to certain guys, on TV or at school. At first, I didn't really understand what it was or what it meant. I mean, there wasn't much in the way of education, and Dad well…" Dean trailed off, his fingers digging in the earth at his side, pulling up tufts of grass and shredding them.
Dean's eyes unfocused and he was silent a moment before he came back and said with a frown, "Curious, alert, concerned."
The sight that met their eyes when they piled into the room was not what anyone had expected. The former King of Hell lying prone and pale on top of the bedspread, crimson blood pooling beneath a long gash that had been cut lengthways into his bare forearm.
Dean could feel his blood boiling. No way did Cas do this. There had to be some explanation, someone else controlling this. But there was a niggling doubt at the back of his mind that would not shut up no matter how hard he tried. What if what she was saying was true?
"The screams." His eyes were glistening when they opened and met Cas'. "The screams of the souls I tortured."
"Our dad had just died and I was still getting over my old girlfriend Jess's death and Sarah had lost her mom so…"
"Do you see me laughing?" Dean threw back, frustration mutating into anger without a moment's consideration. "Is there anything else you can tell me about him? For example, why he'd light his own fuse?"
"Will tha' be yer pet n'me f'r me?" he asked, his slurred words getting sloppy as he began to drift off. Dean prayed he wouldn't pass out before they got a room. Of course Cas would turn out to be a drowsy drunk.
"So you just hit the virginity 'do over' button and all's good with the man upstairs?" Out of the corner of his eye Dean could see Castiel rolling his eyes at Dean's ungraceful choice of phrase.
"Open up." he said and Cas obeyed, allowing Dean to scrub his teeth. "Spit." He ordered, producing an empty glass, Cas obeyed. "Rinse." he said, handing him another glass, this one filled with water. Cas took a sip and then spat it out into the empty one. "All right, now drink the rest." he said, handing back the glass of water and standing to rinse out the glass before brushing his own teeth.
They walked for a while in silence, the snow dampening the ambient nose, forcing a hush on the surroundings.
"Anyway." Sam said in an attempt to steer the conversation back to the topic at hand. "You said there was a witness?"
"What are big brothers for." he glanced around and then slapped his thighs and stood. "Anyway, my job here is done. Time to return to the old homestead, my little slice of paradise is waiting for me."
Sam rushed through the halls of the bunker, tearing around corners and skidding into the main room, heading for the library. Entering, he glanced around, searching for Dean and Cas who were not in the gym nor the gun range nor their bedroom nor any other place he had searched so far.
The last time the former angel had seen the hunter looking so lost and exposed and vulnerable had been when he had encountered his soul in hell.
"Crowley?" The door swung open silently on well-oiled hinges. The room was filthy, clothes strewn everywhere, plates of mostly eaten meals sitting on every available surface, and in the middle of it all, lying on an unmade bed, was Crowley, with blood pumping from a gash that ran the length of his left forearm, and a bloody knife clutched loosely in his other hand.
Dean stared at the damaged, broken wings and tried to imagine what they might have looked like even a year ago. How impressive they would have been. How destructive the fall had been for Cas and his kind.
Dean looked up, his green eyes full of something that might have been hope and Castiel thought that Dean's emotions were closer to the surface than he'd ever seen them. The expression made the hunter seem somehow much younger. Castiel reached up his hand, caressing Dean's cheek and then pulling the hunter's face down to meet his own in a kiss that managed to express everything Castiel had wanted to say to Dean but hadn't know how. Perhaps it was the same as the way Dean expressed his love through his actions.
"You know, we could use a dishwasher at the Roadhouse. I know it's not terribly glamorous or exciting work but…" Dean trailed off with a careless shrug.
Dean cleared his throat. "I stayed in the hospital for a week under suicide watch before I skipped out."
"Sorry, I totally forgot this was today." Sam whispered as he settled against the wall beside Cas who shook his head and gestured that it was fine.
Dean sighed and looked at Cas, who looked back impassively, and Sam, who had settled on the bed opposite and had his 'concerned brother' expression on.
A throat clearing sounded from the kitchen entrance. Dean looked up to find Sam standing in the doorway, grinning inanely.
"Great." Dean answered, his tone still suggesting he was on edge. "Went out, got some air, met an old friend. Say hi to Sam, Tessa."
Sam brought his hand up to rest on Dean's shoulder but as soon as he made contact Dean jolted and began backing away from Sam and around the car in a frantic scramble, stopping with his hands planted on the hood, breath coming too quickly and eyes too wide. Sam could see that Dean was well and
Castiel stepped up to the first demon and pushed him lamely in the chest. Dean hefted the knife, preparing to run into the fray after the amnesic angel. This was stupid, this was suicide. There was no way Castiel would be able to defend himself in his current state.
"Yeah." She nodded taking Dorothy's hand, "I mean, we still have a ways to go. There's still a lot of objection and homophobia but it's not taboo anymore. Gay people can even get married, in some states."
He turned off the car and the stereo shut off, plunging him once more into ice-cold silence. He tipped forward until his forehead rested against the steering wheel, and the steady stream of tears became a torrent and he sobbed until his lungs burned for air and his entire being felt sapped of energy.
Sam was looking murderously at Cas, clearly assuming the fault lay with him. Cas couldn't fault him for the assumption.
"It wasn't your fault." came a soft reply. Cas looked over to see Dean, lying on the ground beside Muriel's body, face beaten and ankle soaked in blood. He looked up at Cas through swollen eyes. "It wasn't your fault."
He disappeared back down the stairs and Cas stood, fighting the desire to throw himself against the barrier he could barely distinguish sitting like a fine mesh net across the open entryway.
"A parent never ceases to protect their child, Sam, even when that child is grown." An odd melancholic tone crept into his voice as he spoke; whispers of the memories and emotions of Jimmy Novak flooded through him. The way he had begged, pleaded with Castiel to take him instead of his daughter, willingly sacrificing everything, his entire existence, to save Claire.
"Shammy, ev'rythin's upsi' d'wn." Dean commented as Sam made for the room Dean had taken to sleeping in, having avoided his own room since Cas had left.
"Dean, Cas was deliriously happy being here with you. There is no way he's better off without you. No more than you're better off without him.
"Hey." He said softly, cupping Castiel's unshaven chin with his other hand and raised it up to look at him, "I don't care. I really don't. I don't care that you can't talk about your past, I don't care that I don't know where you're from or what happened to you or even what your last name is. What I care about is you and how when I'm with you I don't feel lonely or detached like I always do because you hit the nail on the head when you told me I need to take care of other people. 'Cause it's true, I don't do well on my own. You know what happened after Sammy left, what a mess I was."
Anger rose in Dean at the thought of Cas locked up in heaven's prison, and he lashed out, angel blade jumping into his hand as he lunged forward. If what he was saying was true and Cas wasn't going to be able to get to the tablet, the least he could do was at least try to take the big boss down.
Dean raised himself up from the floor enough to collapse into a chair, head in his hands, silence pressing in in the wake of their heated argument.
She glanced down at the blade as it glinted in the light from the bare bulbs and then back up at Dean.
For a long moment they just sat there, staring at each other before Dean realized what he was doing and broke the eye contact, clearing his throat, dropping his hand, and looking away. What was this a Stephanie Meyer novel? Shifting in his place beside Cas so that he was a few millimeters further away from the newly human angel, Dean brought his attention back to Cas' battered torso.
"Right, well…okay how about…well you mentioned Cas before." Dean's wince at the mention of the fallen angel did not escape Sam's notice. "How about we start with how you feel about what happened."
He wiped away a tear and stared at it in betrayal. He was an angel again. Angels weren't meant to cry.
Sam looked at his brother looking at Bobby. He seemed…young. Dean had never looked young to Sam, not even when they were little, and not just because he was older, but because his brother had always been the one to take care of him; the parent, more so than John had ever been. But here and now Sam tried to remember Dean at fifteen. Not the cocky, jaded persona he'd put on to protect himself, but the boy on the verge of becoming a man, alone and confused about an emerging sexuality that he wasn't expecting and didn't understand. Sam remembered his own puberty, the feelings, the desires. Looking at him now, Sam could see that boy shining out through his striking green eyes; the boy he'd always been even when he was clothing and feeding Sam at the age of six or hunting at the age of ten. And he saw the teenager, desperate for some sign that he wasn't totally and completely alone, latching onto the first person to come along who understood, and then having it so violently ripped away from him by the man he trusted the most.
"Yer not th' boss o' meee." he slurred. His hand dropped and he overbalanced at the sudden shift. Sam leaned forward quickly, reaching out a hand to prevent Dean from careening face first into the floor.
Dean seemed to deflate, dropping down onto the bed, his head in his hands. Castiel sat down slowly beside him and reached out to rest a comforting hand on Dean's tense shoulder. Dean threw it off with an angry gesture.
"You're right. I'm sorry." he shrugged. "I suppose I've done much riskier and stupider things for you and Sam, so I guess I can't really talk."
Theo drove the blade in high, through the ribcage, puncturing the lung and leaving Dean gasping and finally drowning as his lungs filled with blood. He glanced up, green eyes, shining with pain, meeting Castiel's as he fought to speak.
Sam found Dean and Cas in the kitchen, still locked in their embrace, tear tracks drying on Dean's cheeks. He wiped them away at the sight of his brother, cheeks burning in embarrassment as he pulled away from Castiel.
"So." Dean said, throwing down his napkin as he finished his breakfast, "What are you gonna do today?"
She turned back hesitantly, catching sight of Dean who stood behind Cas in the doorway. Slowly she stepped inside and Cas took a seat on the bed while Muriel stood over him. Dean leaned up against the table, still grasping the blade and not at all pleased with having an angel in their midst, even one as seemingly innocent as Muriel.
"I don't know. I mean I've been watching you two make moon eyes at each other for five years, half of which were spent assuming you were totally straight so…" he shrugged, "You can't blame me for being curious." He shook his head, "But I shouldn't have asked. Especially given…everything. It's your business and nobody else's and I'm sorry."
The endearment slipped from his mouth so easily it took him a few seconds to realize what he'd said.
Ephram raised his hand, sickly pink light radiating from it as he extended it towards Castiel's forehead.
"Hey." he said softly, reaching over and snatching up Cas' hand once more. The angel looked up, his blue eyes mournful. "You okay?"
Dean lifted Cas, grabbing him around his torso as Cas' arms came up to wrap around Dean's neck. He managed to get the two of them to the car, Cas stumbling along side him.
He moved to stand beside the fallen angel, showing him the correct way to crack an egg and scramble them. Sam got the bacon and pancakes underway and then turned to watch his brother and Castiel. The change was palpable. Dean was relaxed, smiling; he had one hand draped across the angel's back and was huddled in close to Castiel's space. Sam had never seen his brother physically demonstrative with anyone. Most of the time Dean didn't like to be touched, especially when it wasn't on his terms, and even then only in times of high emotion.
"Just you and me now." Dean smiled from across the table. "Let's talk about us. I mean, we got history, yeah?"
"Dean." Castiel warned as Dean was grabbed by several angels. Sam moved to help him but more held him back.
Dean considered his words. To go from an all-powerful heavenly being full of grace and righteousness to just another grunt tethered to the earth; to fall from grace the way Castiel had, perhaps he was right. Perhaps he wasn't ready for this.
Castiel looked up into Dean's eyes looking back at him with such concern. Their faces were inches apart, sharing breath and space and suddenly all Castiel wanted to do was press his lips against Dean's.
"So let me get this straight." Sam said once Dean had finished the story. "Some random guy passes out drunk in the bar you work at and your solution is to bring him home with you?"
Dean ducked his head in shame. Why did he have to say that? Why did he always go and mess it up? It had been going so well; why did he always end up saying the wrong thing?
Dean's silence was all the confirmation Sam needed. Shit. No wonder Dean had seemed so upset at seeing the memory when they were in heaven. Knowing that one of Sam's happiest moment resulted in one of Dean's worst.
Cas looked up and nodded without delay, “Yes. Sometimes I worry that somehow I’m dishonoring their memory by allowing myself the joy I feel when I am with him.”
Kevin moved forward slowly with deliberate steps and fierce eyes locked on Crowley's. He came to a halt in front of the man.
Cas stared out at the road that lay before him and let the tears that he had been holding at bay for three months come spilling forth.
"Please, no!" Cas shouted as the thug turned back to the angel, grabbing her by the hair and driving the silver blade into her stomach. "NOOOOOOOO!"
Because a guy Dean brought home, drunk out of his mind, couldn't have a normal name like James or Steve. No. Castiel. No last name just…Castiel.
And then the body in his arms gave an almighty jerk and Sam gasped, sitting up so quickly and violently that he nearly head-butted Dean in the face.
"Knowing that one day you, me, everyone, everything will die? And not just knowing it, but feeling it. How do humans manage such a burden of knowledge?"
"Yeah Cas, but what are you doing in a suit at all? You're not thinking of coming with us, are you? I mean, this isn't a simple salt and burn or a rogue goddess, this is an angel situation. Last we checked they were gunning for you. Don't you think you'll be safer here?"
Cas' confused look melted into a crooked, beaming smile and they just stared at each other, lost in the swirling emotions until a loud throat-clearing broke the spell. They both glanced over to see Sam with an eyebrow raised and his bitch-face on.
. John, Nick, and Gabe were not nice. They had never been nice. They were stereotypical older brothers who showed their love through loud arguments and morally ambiguous pranks. They weren’t nice. They didn’t speak in soft tones and ask him fifty times a day how he was doing or whether they could do anything for him or whether or not he needed anything.
Crowley leaned against the door once he had closed it, tilting his head back to rest against the wood. He closed his eyes. He felt a tear escape from the corner and wiped it away, staring at it with bewilderment. He couldn't remember the last time he had cried, except, of course, the other day when he got a bit weepy watching Breakfast at Tiffany's. He looked around the room that had become his haven since his newly restored humanity had rendered him a target for every demon that hadn't made it back to hell before the gates shut for good. And he thought about his insurmountable uphill battle to redeem himself to those he had hurt, tortured, killed.
"Yeah." Dean agreed, steering them towards the exit and receiving a smirk from Sam as he passed their table, "That's 'cause you're drunk, Cas."
Sam sat in stunned silence, trying to process the news that every single angle in heaven was now walking the earth.
Dean threw Sam's hands off him but stayed facing his younger brother. He brought a hand up to rub at his tired eyes, dark circles evidence of his exhaustion. Sam did not need to be sharing a room with his brother to know that Dean was not sleeping well. Not that his brother ever slept well, but his usual four hours had diminished down to one or two over the past few months and Sam was at the end of his rope. Dean may be a stubborn jackass but Sam was cut from the same cloth as him and he was determined to get Dean to open up about what was bothering him. Even if he had to drag it from him.
"Do you not think it more fitting to choose a tree that will perish anyway rather than cut down one that might otherwise live for hundreds of more years? At least this way it can be a part of something special before it dies."
"Do not think for one moment that the affect you have had on me has been anything other than positive."
His phone interrupted his thoughts and Crowley glanced at it, surprised to see that it was Sam Winchester calling.
Silence followed the revelation and Dean's heart stuttered in his chest. Cas was dying? No, he would have told him, he would have…
"After what dad did to you. I mean, you could have left, gotten yourself away from him. Did you stay for me?"
Please take the time to let me know what you thought, feedback is always loved and appreciated. Thank you to everyone who read and most especially commented you guys make the time I spend on this seem so worth it.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Sam said, knowing that those were seven words that Dean loathed more than anything.
Once the bar had been cleaned and the till cashed out, Dean found himself shaking the guy awake where he'd passed out on his folded arms.
"Sorry, sorry." He said, tone apologetic, "Okay, it's not broken, just sprained. Here." He guided Cas up and over to the bed, settling him down before grabbing the first aid kit and sitting back down beside him and beginning to wrap it up.
He pulled out his phone, turning it on and staring down at the photo of Dean that he had taken one day when he had been napping in the library. In it he looked calm, young, his mouth turned up in a small smile. Cas, in a confusing moment of sentimentality had snapped a quick photo and saved it as his background. Now, the sight of him, the reminder, just added to the pain that surged within him and he hefted the phone, throwing it and watching it sail through the air and into the wilderness on the side of the road. He continued staring where the phone had fallen long after it had disappeared from sight. He knew exactly where it had landed, he could feel it, like he could feel everything. Every atom in existence. He closed his eyes and stretched his awareness back, back through the door out of which he had stormed a few minutes ago…
And that was when it hit. The truth of it. The real, visceral realization that they were dead. His girls were gone. For good. He would never again fall asleep with Amelia in his arms and wake up to the sight of her relaxed in sleep on the pillow beside his. He would never again help Claire with her homework or have her run to his arms when he came home from work, her smile radiant as she wrapped her arms tightly around him. She would never have the chance to grow up. Go to college, fall in love, have adventures, start a family of her own.
"What?" he asked softly and Castiel noted that he kept his hand on Cas' chest, running his fingers lightly over the exposed skin in a way that was decidedly pleasant.
He rested his hand lightly on the hunter's shoulder. Dean jumped, but Cas kept it there, warm and still. Not moving, not threatening.
"You sure? 'Cause even if Cas does want to come, this sounds like something I might need your back up on."
He looked up at Dean who was holding out a suit and shirt with such a look of love in his expressive green eyes. No, not useless, not so long as he was responsible for putting that expression on Dean Winchester's face.
"See, why can't I meet a nice guy like that?" she asked herself. She watched as he walked to a shiny black car where another man had just finished on the phone. They shared a quick kiss before getting in and pulling out onto the road. Nora sighed wistfully, "That's why."
Dean let out another chuckle and continued to pet the wing joint, each stroke eliciting another string of pleased noises from the angel.
His hands shook and his body jittered with anticipation as the car continued making its way to the bunker. He hadn't been particularly eager to get anyplace quickly in the time he had been alone, and before that he had at least had Dean to share the long, arduous car rides with. But now, with impatience building to nearly insatiable levels within him, this mode of transportation seemed so sluggish compared to the old, nearly instantaneous speeds he had been able to reach when his wings still functioned. He had always appreciated the fact that it took no time at all to get places, but as an angel, time had carried a very different meaning. Now that he had experienced humanity, mortality, he yearned for the days when he could just 'pop in', as Dean would say.
They bought the suit as well as a few shirts and ties and the Impala's trunk was filled as they headed back to the bunker, blasting classic rock and singing along; well, Dean was singing, Castiel was trying to learn the lyrics so that he could join in the next time.
Dean’s ingrained need to save Sam warred against his desire to protect Cas as he watched the angel march into battle with only the vague hope that instinct would take over and that some small part of Cas would remember who and what he was.
'Gabriel' stopped in front of Cas, eyes skimming over him before pulling him in, hugging him tightly.
Sam arrived in all his naked, wailing glory and Dean watched his younger self stare down at his new baby brother with fierce protectiveness in his young eyes and knew that John Winchester had never
"I can't Dean." He answered softly, his voice as gravelly as it always was but lacking in the usual disdain.
"Alright. You go back there and don't come out until we come and get you, Sam and Dorothy, you go buy us some time. Cas and Charlie, go to the dungeon with Crowley and wait there."
"I've seen this before." He said softly, not raising his eyes from where they were fixed on the car's hood.
The words burst from him in a rush as the nervousness coalesced into blinding fury. Fury at his father for what he’d done and fury at the memory of his brother, his big brother, who had always been the strongest person Sam knew, his brother crying and trembling in his arms as he relived what their father had done to him. John Winchester had achieved what every demon and monster he'd ever come across couldn't. He had brought Dean to his knees and broken him.
"Yeah, umm, Abraham and his wife Sarah couldn't have children but when they were old, God gave them a son, Issac, and then God commanded Abraham to sacrifice Issac in order to show his faith."
Dean felt a yawn approach and his eyelids began to grow heavy. It had been a long day, a long few months, and after what they had just done…well, this conversation could wait until morning when he was well rested.
The green bug pulled up to entrance of the hotel and all six piled out, ignoring the doorman's feeble attempts at addressing them, and Castiel came to a nervous shuffling halt at the front counter. He had been running mostly on adrenaline and the natural high of finally having his daughter back and now he found himself having to actually think about what he was going to say to Dean when he saw him.
"Again?" he asked as he fished a change of clothes out of the bag and moved over to the bed, pulling Cas back up into a sitting position as he started to pull off his clothes.
Sam was at Dean's side now, kneeling on the floor with Cas looking on, arms twisted round his body in concern.
"Look! I didn't ask for this all right? I didn't ask to be saved! I didn't ask to be cured! You went to hell for four months and it felt like forty years, well I've been dead for three centuries! You cannot imagine what you have done to me!" his breathing was heavy by the time he finished.
"It's not stupid." Cas protested as Dean avoided looking at him. "You have the most generous heart and it has been hurt far more times than it deserves. And for my part, I am sorry to have contributed to that."
Every light in the room blew in a shower of sparks and breaking glass sending the four plunging into moonlit darkness.
"Gadreel was his second in command." Castiel reasoned. "For what other reason than the truth would he turn against Metatron?"
Dean grinned and turned around, pressing play and allowing the mixed CD to continue, while he moved to continue his task, determined that Cas would grow to love the Beatles as he should under Dean's patient tutoring.
"You know, even if I were no longer an Angel of the Lord, I would still be able to hear you." Cas approached the table and set a plate down in front of Dean before taking a seat beside him. "We are in the same room."
"Wait," Sam said, putting the pieces of Deans story together with the phone call he'd just heard, "does Sonny know what we do?"
Dean entered, locking the door and turning to look at Cas, who was sitting still and watching him tentatively.
Kevin ceased fighting and collapsed, exhausted on the ground. His elbows rested on his bended knees, his hands hiding his face as they settled in for a long wait.
“Thank you so much Castiel. Mrs. Winchester!” She beamed up at Sam as he wrapped his arm around her shoulder, “I like the sound of that.”
"I do appreciate the gesture Dean it's just…I not that person anymore." He looked up with sad eyes. "I'm not an angel. I can't zap you anywhere, I can't heal your wounds, can't even heal my own." He rubbed at his sore ribs, which were a constant reminder of his now mortal state, "I'm useless."
Castiel’s introduction to Bobby was very similar to Ellen’s. The retired bounty hunter shook his hand solidly and looked him in the eye before nodding, grunting, and handing him a beer.
"Merry Christmas Sam." He said, clearing his throat at the awkwardness of the tradition that they did not normally partake in.
She went back to her place guarding them and spoke no more, shutting out any more pleas Castiel may have thrown at her. Eventually he gave up and silence abounded until Gadreel began to speak.
"Hey Cas." He said, slipping the headphones off and sitting up against the pillows, "I uh, made you up a bed in the room across the hall."
"The cabin" Sam said, glancing sideways to gauge Dean's reaction. He hoped he wouldn't have to drag Dean there. Dean could be a stubborn son-of-a-bitch when he wanted to. But he merely shrugged and leaned his head against the window and closed his eyes, the exhaustion finally catching up to him.
"Dean." he breathed as he crouched down in front of the still form of the hunter. He could feel power flowing through his veins, power he had not felt in months and he raised a hand to Dean's face, caressing his cheek and closing his eyes as he delved into the body, knitting flesh back together and pulling the hunter's soul back from the veil.
It had been just over a month since Dean had kissed Castiel and Cas, after giving it much thought, had kissed him back. The two had slid seamlessly from being friends and roommates to something much more intimate and neither could quite believe how easy a transition it had been and how good it felt. A few days after Halloween, Dean had taken Cas to the graveyard where his mom was buried. He'd introduced his new boyfriend to her and told her all about him, making Castiel blush from the praise.
Charlie opened her mouth to retort but someone beside them 'shushed' them and she snapped her mouth closed and leaned back against the wall, arms folded in a show of petulance.
"They are grouping into factions, warring amongst themselves." Cas said, raising his face and resting his chin on his clasped hands. "It is as I had feared."
"Dean, there is nothing to be embarrassed about." Cas said, moving forward but still keeping a safe distance so as not to overwhelm him.
"For a few weeks I suffered from aphasia. It's the inability to properly comprehend or express language. I had trouble understanding people when they spoke to me, as though they were speaking a foreign language except that I knew it was English. I also had problems finding the correct words for things. I still have trouble sometimes interpreting subtleties in tone like sarcasm and the brain trauma coupled with damage to my neck and chest caused one of my vocal chords to become paralyzed which is why my voice sounds the way it does."
"I ran out of money in Detroit and I ended up hitching rides until I made it here. And then those two men demanded money. I tried to fight them off but a third showed up and they…"
"Ow." Dean said, clutching his upper arm. Despite not having his angelic powers, the former angel could still cause pain when he wanted to. "Not you, obviously."
“Amelia, Claire. You know I’ll always miss you and love you with all my heart. You will always be my girls. And I know that you would want me to be happy. Well, this is Dean. And he makes me happy. Very happy. Happier than I thought possible after loosing you both.” His words became clipped as his throat choked up and tears shone in his eyes. He sank down to his knees on the snow-covered ground and stretched out a hand to trace the inscriptions on the shared gravestone.
that echoed in his head in their dad’s voice. It was the central tenet of his existence and had been ever since the night John Winchester handed the six-month-old Sam to the four-year-old Dean and told him to
"I will never willingly leave you Dean." He promised, stroking his thumb over the hunter's cheekbone and seeing the pain of loss that Dean still carried with him shine through his bright green eyes.
"Son of a bitch." Dean muttered angrily as he glanced down at the file. A picture caught his eye and he picked it up, his stomach giving another lurch as he stared at the photograph of the happy couple standing in front of the car.
"But if I can't…If we never…what if you get tired of waiting? I mean, what would you have to stay for?"
Dean shifted in his folded chair as the hot blond 'Suzie' started the meeting with a prayer for the missing members. Cas immediately closed his eyes and bowed his head along with the rest of the group and, a second later, so did Sam. Dean stared intently at Suzie. There was something…familiar about her. He cocked his head, wracking his brain when Sam's gaze out of the corner of his eyes distracted him and he looked over. His brother glared and looked pointedly at Cas who sat on his other side and Dean nodded, closing his eyes and bowing his head. It's not as though he'd been checking her out, there was just…something.
"Dean, I have to go." Cas said softly, once they were alone, anger burning beneath the surface of his calm words. "I have to do something."
After an engaging conversation about the makeup of the vintage console, Kevin had gone off to continue his translation of the angel tablet and Sam was in the kitchen with Cas teaching him how to make sandwiches. Dean was sitting on the floor against one of the many consoles that lined the walls of the room keeping the hacker company as she geeked out over the computer.
“Honestly, most of the time I feel like I haven’t. But umm, work mostly, trying to stop other peoples’ children and spouses from getting hurt or killed. That and religion.”
Dean looked like he wanted to protest, to prove that he could still do the job but the idea of going out there… he shuddered.
"No, Cas, and Dean doesn't either. Listen. You got a weird thing going on back there. Those other angels, the way they stare at you, it's like you're part rock star, part L. Ron."
A part of him missed heaven. It was a loss that ached within him, echoing in the hollow space where his grace used to be. He missed the way he had been able to see the world, every part of it, all connected, all operating as one. He missed heaven, the home he had known for longer than any human could comprehend. But at the same time, this bunker and this bed and this man sleeping in his arms had somehow come to represent home more than heaven ever had or ever would. He sighed and closed his eyes, letting his body relax as he slipped into sleep.
So here they were in some mall with Dean throwing clothes at him, a new credit card courtesy of Crowley sitting in the hunter's wallet. This one had his name on it, his real name; Dean Winchester stamped right into the plastic for the first time in his life.
"You remember my name." The Rit Zien looked awed. "I was just a nobody when we met, but you, you were a legend." He glanced around at the motel and parking lot. "You've been here before." he looked back at Castiel who was still blocking the doorway, "This is my first time and it's…intense."
Jody showed up just before dinner and hellos were shared and introductions made before everyone went their separate ways, Sarah and Bobby and Ellen back to the kitchen, and Sam, Dean, and Jo into the living room where Sam was insisting on watching It’s a Wonderful Life, disgusted that Dean had never seen it. Castiel eventually escaped out to the porch where he wrapped his hands around his steaming mug of mulled apple cider, watching the peaceful fall of the snow and avoiding the glances he got despite everyone being very respectful. It was easier somehow hear. Perhaps it was time or perhaps it was the knowledge that they all understood deep down what he had gone through.
Cas looked like he might protest for a second but sighed and nodded, hoisting his bag and moving off in the direction of their room.
The moment the Tablet crashed to the floor in shards of broken stone, Metatron appeared before Castiel who was sitting, relaxed in his desk chair.
"Ohh. A dupe. The great Castiel. Valued and trusted Castiel." Malachi walked over to a tray of implements that were all clearly meant as torture devices, "Top-of-the-Christmas-tree Castiel. No more than a dupe."
Dean blinked, stunned, brow furrowed and he brought his hand up to shield his eyes from the lights that shone only on him as he stood from his perch.
Dean and Cas sat in the church for a long time while Castiel contemplated the woman’s words and his own shattered devotion.
"You uh…you died. Or almost died. You looked pretty dead at any rate. Anyway, then Gabriel showed up and—"
Dean started at the unexpected touch but soon relaxed when he realized who it was. He abandoned the batter and moved his hands to cover Castiel's leaning back into the warm, solid body behind him. He chuckled.
Dean continued to stare at the ground as Sam tried to reason with him. The problem was though, that despite the truth in Sam's words, Dean could not let go of the shame and guilt that those words of John's had burnt into his soul, shame and guilt he still carried with him.
"Umm, we're just gonna go get some food and…give you guys some privacy." Sam said as he and the others stood and filed out of the library.
He smiled at his brother before looking over at Castiel who was staring intently at Dean the way he was wont to do whenever he was reminded how lucky he was to have the man in his life.
“It was getting a bit loud in there.” She said by way of explanation, “I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
Castiel found Dean in his room, dressed for bed and lying on top of the covers with his headphones on and his eyes closed.
"For confiding something so personal about yourself to me. For sharing that part of yourself with me. It is a privilege."
This Cas was currently sitting on his bed, struggling with his coat and sweater. Dean helped him off with it and noticed the blood soaked bandage on his right arm.
"What?" he asked in his usual overly caustic tone that enhanced rather than hid the fact that everything was
The guy blinked slowly. He mumbled something but the words were so slurred together there was no way Dean would be able to decipher them.
"Just following your example, Castiel." Malachi answered back. "How many did you kill in Heaven? How many in the Fall?"
Okay, so life got seriously crazy for me in the past few months, like quitting my job, going back to school, and moving all at the same time kind of crazy, but now that I have time to breath...It's done! just got to do some re-reading and put some finishing touches on the epilogue but only two chapters to go after this.
“My son, Owen, got sick. Couple of weeks later he was gone. Then Sean started showing symptoms.” She paused and let out a humorless laugh as a few tears escaped her eyes. She wiped them away and sniffed, shrugging, “Never gets any easier, telling that story, no matter how bare bones I try to make it.”
It was a few weeks later that a familiar voice echoed in his head, causing him to break suddenly, skidding to the side of the empty highway he had been travelling down.
It had been in that moment of connection that Castiel's unwavering loyalty to heaven had begun to crack. As Hester had said, the moment he had laid his hands on Dean he had been lost, his loyalties had been divided. That was the moment he had begun his long, slow fall from grace.
They hung up and Dean went back inside, shutting the door as gently as he could before moving back to the bed. As soon as he sunk down onto the firm mattress, Cas began to stir. He moaned as he turned his head and cracked an eye, his hair standing on end.
"All right." Dean said, finishing off his beer and standing, "It's time to get you to bed before I have to pour you into the car."
He really was a wonder, Dean Winchester. So quick to jump in with words of encouragement for those he loved and yet so resistant to accepting those same words when they were directed back at him.
Dean didn't answer and Sam threw up his hands, his frustration with his brother's martyr complex propelling him off the hood of the car. He paced, hands running through his hair and across his face as he tried to think of a way to convince his brother that his life did have worth no matter what their dad may have beaten into him.
As he wiped down another plate and went to put it away in the cupboard, he cleared his throat awkwardly and turned to the sheriff.
want to keep his little brother safe. He just didn't want to have to do it. He wanted it to be a choice, not an obligation.
"It's good." He glanced hesitantly up at his brother who looked back tentatively. "I…we uh…" he cleared his throat, "We had sex. And it was…" he nodded, a small smile playing at the corner of his lips as he recalled the act, "It was perfect."
"You're right." he said in a small voice, deflating at the realization. "Dean, I…I should have kept in touch."
"Shit." Dean whispered and reached down instinctively to try to calm him. His arms made no contact with either the child or the crib.
Sam sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. Logically he knew that Crowley was their best bet on finding out how to beat Vesta and, given the events of the past two weeks, he knew the former demon was unlikely to lie to them, but still.
He was still sitting there, real and solid in front of him, but the constant presence in his mind on which he had come to rely more than he had thought possible, was gone. And the resulting emptiness, like the silence after an explosion, seeped into him, consuming and eating away at everything it reached until he felt hollowed out, bare and exposed.
Tears began pouring out of his brother's eyes at an alarming rate and Sam leant forward to pat Dean's shoulder comfortingly only to end up with an armful of Dean as his big brother launched himself forward and latched onto him, burying his face in Sam's shoulder as everything that he had been suppressing in the past few months finally rushed out of him in a torrent of tears and drunken sobs.
As they walked through the corridors of the Northern Indiana State Hospital, Dean couldn't help the feeling of nervous anticipation that was growing steadily stronger in his gut. Ever since Meg had called to tell them Cas was awake, he had been chomping at the bit to get here but now that they were…
Cas looked sceptical but raised his hand dutifully and tapped it against Dean's. Dean smiled and lowered his hand and Cas felt proud of himself for doing it properly and pleasing Dean.
"It's alright." Kevin said, "I hit a wall translating the tablet into English. But I found an ancient codex linking the angel script into proto-Elamite cuneiform, and I was able to translate the tablet and the footnotes into Elamite, which is…"
He had failed. Failed in every way imaginable. He should never have let Sam do the trials. It should have been him. Dean buried his face in his brother's hair, not caring that he had an audience to his breakdown. Sam was dead. Nothing else mattered.
"Fine." he said, sitting back in his chair, "It was while you were at Stanford and Dad had started hunting on his own. I got injured during a hunt and had to go to the hospital."
"Last night when we were…you know." He gestured vaguely, the innuendo obvious. "You started…glowing."
"Alright buddy, you're coming with me but I swear if you puke in my car I will throw you out and leave you on the sidewalk."
"I'm proud of us." he whispered and then his eyes closed and his body slumped, boneless, into Sam's grasp.
He frowned in concentration and the table held its collective breath as all present waited for the angel to choose a name.
Cas sat, wincing as his ribs protested at the movement, his mouth curving upwards at the sight of the food.
"Well?" he said after a moment of just standing outside the entrance to the bunker, "Aren't you going to invite me inside your little man cave?
Dean stared at him with his mouth agape, lost for words that anyone could reach middle age without having heard the Beatles.
"He was down there much longer then I was, and he never broke. All the things he did to me, said to me when he was alive and he
He didn't say anything. He didn't have to, Cas could feel the gratitude overflowing through the connection and he beamed as it filled him up. Eventually Dean let go and sat back, his eyes suspiciously moist and a wide smile on his face. Sam looked bewilderingly at the two of them.
"I just meant that…I had to look out for you all right? That was my job. That's always been my job. To protect you, even from dad. And if that meant taking the beatings dad dished out then so be it. If I had it to do over again I'd do exactly the same thing."
"I'm sorry." Dean said, his voice already alerting Cas that he didn't think this was a particularly good plan. "You want to bring an angel to us? Are you fucking crazy?"
"On January eleventh, three men broke into our house. I tried to confront them, to get them to leave but they got the better of me and before I knew it, they had Amelia and Claire." Cas broke off, his hand coming up to cup his mouth as tears welled in his quickly reddening eyes. He took a breath, "I don't remember much after that, just waking up in the hospital. Alone."
Dean was barely coherent when Sam reached him and hauled him upright, wrinkling his nose at the haze of alcohol that surrounded his wasted brother.
"No you don't." Benny countered, "You don't own me shit Dean, you just go be with your 'friend' I'll take care of things on my end."
"Yeah, I've been getting stronger everyday. Probably won't need the chair much longer which will be nice since most of this place isn't exactly handicapped friendly."
"Dad, he…when he got back he grabbed me by the scruff of my neck and dragged me into my bedroom. I thought he was gonna beat me. When he threw me down on the bed and started taking his belt off I thought he was going to hit me with it. I was prepared for that, wasn't like it was the first time, but then he took his pants off and he said….he said, 'If you want to whore around with the local fags then that's exactly what you'll get'." Dean paused, staring off at nothing, lost in the memory, "And then he raped me."
They sat in silence for a while, Dean running his fingers through Cas's soft hair and Cas tracing the pattern of Dean's T-shirt.
Sam spun around to face his brother. Dean gestured to his side with his head and Sam huffed but leaned back against the car beside Dean.
Later that night, laying in one of Bobby’s spare rooms, tangled up together, Cas whispered, “I’m thankful for you Dean.
He made eye contact with the boy but his green eyes were dull and closed off. After a few moments, Dean turned his head and stalked off to the bedrooms.
Dean brought his head forward and touched Cas' lips with his own, reveling in the wave of pleasure that washed over him as he did so. It took a few moments for the sleeping man to respond but soon enough Cas had opened his mouth and Dean had slipped his tongue in and Castiel made a sound that went straight to Dean's groin. He pulled away, terrified of what would happen if they kept going. He really didn't want to have a flashback or panic attack in front of Cas.
Dean came with a moan, born on the wave of his own pleasure and the connection he now felt with the angel. Cas threw his head back, bare chest peppered with beads of sweat that glistened in his internal light, his wings taught and shivering as he reached his own peak.
"You're fucking with me right?" Dean said, scrounging for any kind of explanation other than the obvious.
"I don't know, because I couldn't control it. I didn't want those feelings and it felt like…my body betraying me you know."
He tried to control it, tried to breathe the way Cas had shown him, but the panic was rising and the memory was taking over and he could feel the shame and self-hatred flood in until he felt like he was drowning in it.
Yesterday the only plan he could come up with was to drink as much as he could in the hope that maybe that would be the end and this would all finally be over, and now here he was with a job, a place to live, and a friend.
It took a few seconds of Dean's laboured breathing and the other man squeezing his arm too tightly for him to come back to himself and realize that Dean was no longer enjoying the experience.
And then a column of swirling, smokey light lit the room and, as it dissipated, a lone figure stood in the misty aftermath of the heavenly portal.
He hit the end button, cutting off the automated voice and dropped it to the table. He rested his head in his hands, closing his eyes. He had always had hope that at least, if he wanted to, he could always reach the angel.
"Jody." Sam said once Dean had hit the speaker button and set the phone down on the table in between them.
Dean heard the creak of gears as Sam wheeled his way into the kitchen. He was getting stronger with every passing day and after almost a week he was strong enough to stand and walk around but he still tired easily.
Dean frowned not only at the angel's tone but also at the sadness that was trickling slowly into his mind.
Bobby nodded and disappeared back into the living room to be replaced by Sam with a somber expression on his normally boyish face.
"Thank you, Ingrid." Gadreel greeted with a smile and the two entered Metatron's office, the door closing behind them.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut to stave off the tears he could feel burning in his eyes at Castiel's heartfelt words.
He turned and glanced around the room, trying to decide the best place to begin his hunt for the tablet.
"Maybe what? Maybe God brought you back?" Dean scoffed, "God who's been AWOL for who knows how long?"
Dean looked up to see Cas dressed in the suit he'd bought him in the department store on his first day in the bunker.
He raised his hand and brushed it through the fallen angel's dark hair, running the pad of his thumb gently over his cheek. Cas brought his own hand up to cover it, long, gentle fingers curling around Dean's.
“That’s great Dean, it really is and I’m happy for you, I am. But I’m also concerned. I just don’t trust the guy.”
"I sat in this hole for thousands of years, thinking of nothing but redemption, of reclaiming my good name." The angel's voice was trembling, with anger or fear Castiel could not tell. "I thought of nobody, no cause, other than my own."
Castiel heard Sam huff out a laugh before heavy footsteps on the gravel of the junkyard signaled that the younger of the Winchesters had departed. He waited a few moments before emerging from his hiding place, seeing Dean leaning against one of the many cars that filled the yard.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother who, despite his dislike of all things touchy feely, was honestly one of the world’s biggest romantic mush balls.
Once it was all over with, Dean, Cas, Dorothy, and Charlie, found themselves in the straightened up kitchen enjoying Dean's homemade burgers and listening to Dorothy regale them with tales of her adventures in Oz, the real stories. Kevin and his mother had retired to their rooms having had enough excitement for one day, and Sam had crashed after the adrenalin rush that had sustained him though the entire ordeal died down and was passed out in his room.
Dean and Sam shrugged and glanced over at Kevin, who frowned but shook his head regardless. Linda smiled and said, "Of course. The more the merrier." But even her smile was guarded and she inched imperceptibly closer to her son.
Without explaining farther, he turned and ran back the way he had come, heading for Crowley's rooms with the four of them close on his heels.
"It's all right, Kevin." She said, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder, "But I think Sam is right."
Castiel himself had been understandably quiet for the past few days. Dean had asked if he wanted a few days off from work but Cas refused. He said work helped and indeed, he threw himself into his job, operating at nearly robotic levels, his words few and far between and his eyes closed off.
He knew he needed to thank the man for getting Claire back if nothing else, and a large part of him did want to forgive him and make up. It was the same part that ached in the morning when he woke to an empty bed, and longed for that feeling of bliss he felt when he was in Dean's arms, knowing he loved, and was loved by, that man. He had been pushing it away, refusing to give voice to the desires, but now that he was, they were flooding him with a need he wasn't entirely sure he could resist. And yet the pain was still there and even as he stood, ready to see the man again, he still wasn't sure what he was going to do or say.
Dean wanted to assure the voice that yes, Cas would still love him. But doubt had sunk its devilish claws in and the memory was playing full force in his mind and he just couldn't shut it off.
"Don't get me wrong, I love being here with you. If I didn't have this to anchor me I'm not sure what I would do, but I still miss heaven. And this pain; I have tried to do as you do, to push it away and ignore it, but it only seems to multiply when I do and I don't think I can do it anymore. How do you keep from feeling this way, Dean? How do you manage it?"
, past, present, or future that I would put in front of you! It has never been like that, ever! I need you to see that. I'm begging you."
He glanced over at the man lying next to him, his face relaxed in sleep, arm thrown carelessly over Dean's torso.
“Everyone’s grief takes a different path. It takes longer for some than others. Doesn’t make you wrong or bad. You just gotta do what you gotta do. What feels right.”
"You know," Castiel explained, "there's a lot you don't understand about humanity at first. If you would just stop-"
"We met in Moondoor and we've only been going out a few weeks. I just didn't want to tell you while you were still dealing with Dean."
The feeling was like nothing he ever imagined. Primal urge took over as heat surrounded him and suddenly he knew what he had to do. He kept his eyes locked on Dean's as he pulled out and then pushed in again, careful to go slow as he focused on the other hunter, gauging his reaction and ready for any sign that he should stop. But Dean showed no signs of distress. Quite the opposite, in fact, as he threw his head back, eyes closed, expression blissful as Cas took him in hand, stroking to the rhythm of his own, innate movements.
they were called, little seizures as his brain attempted to rewire itself after the damage it had suffered. Jimmy hadn’t argued. The idea of going back to the place where Amelia and Claire…he already saw it every night in his dreams, being in the same space, seeing it all again, he couldn’t do it.
Castiel had torn apart the office searching for the tablet, but it was nowhere to be found. He stood in the wreckage of the room, panting as his strength left him. He could feel what little grace he had left burning away inside him and he suddenly knew his time was well and truly running out. He scanned the room, trying to imagine where Metatron might have hidden his most prized possession, when his eyes lit on the typewriter that sat on his desk upon which Castiel recalled Metatron typing when he had been taken prisoner. He moved towards it, rounding the desk and lifting it to reveal the glowing tablet inside.
He spotted his phone sitting on the table and picked it up, tapping the on button and staring at the photo that came up. It was of the two of them from a few weeks back, hanging out and watching Game of Thrones. He had looked down to find Cas looking up at him, blue eyes wide as he took in Dean's face and Dean had stared back, hypnotized, unable to look away, until he heard the artificial shutter of a digital camera and looked over to see Sam with his phone up, snapping pictures. Dean had lunged for him and they had rolled around for a while, wrestling playfully for the small device. Eventually Dean had grabbed Cas, and the three of them had ended up tumbling over the side of the bed, landing in a tangled mess of limbs and out of breath laughter.
Cas trailed his hand down Dean's back, hesitating slightly before reaching lower and pawing at Dean's firm backside. Dean moaned and Cas looked down, locking eyes with the hunter and sending him a meaningful look.
"As a human, I had to eat constantly. It was rather annoying. But I enjoyed the taste of food. Especially your PB&Js." he smiled at Dean and Dean, to his mortification, found himself blushing at the praise and accompanying rush of emotion from the angel.
When Dean finally reemerged, Bobby took one look at him, cracked open the whisky, and turned on the TV. Didn't ask questions, didn't push or pry, just let Dean sit and be, knowing that the stubborn hunter would open up when he was good and ready. And when that time came, Bobby would be there to listen and give what advice was needed and affectionately call him an idjit.
But as Claire smiled back up at him, that anger melted to grateful love and he pressed a kiss to her temple, his heart warming when she responded by leaning back into him and resting her head on his chest. He stroked her arm and held her tight.
Muriel looked over at him. "Bartholomew." she answered, before looking back at Castiel. "He's been growing in power since the beginning, but Malachi has become equally powerful. In some ways, worse."
“Well we can’t bring him with us.” Dean countered, ignoring the gnawing ache in his gut that had set up shop the moment Dean had decided that leaving the comatose angel at the hospital was the safest course of action, “Everything on the planet is out for us okay? Word gets out…we can’t protect him. Not really. This is safer.” Dean wondered as he said it, whom he was trying to convince more? Sam or himself? “Every demon who knows about Castiel is dead.”
Castiel's eyes were wide and blue and pleading and Dean felt his self-righteous anger deflate as he sat forward again and took his hand.
Dean rubbed the sleep out of his eyes as he sat up; hair standing on end from the brushing it had received at Castiel's hand. Cas smiled endearingly at it and reached out, smoothing it down as Dean yawned widely.
Castiel gasped as his voice cut out, throat raw, hot tears dripping down his face as he watched the light die in Dean's vibrant green eyes and his body fall still.
Just then a torrent of people came flooding through the doors that lead from the gates and Dean stood up, craning his head looking for his brother, not that he needed to, considering.
His ringing phone interrupted his thoughts and he didn't even bother to check who it was as he tapped the screen to answer.
While Dean was in the kitchen, Castiel sat and thought about what he had said. It was true that Castiel did feel something for his roommate. He had never had feelings for another man before but then again, he had only ever been with one other person and she…
He groaned as he stirred, "That was unpleasant," he murmured and Dean let out a sigh of relief as Sam came barreling into the room, gun at the ready.
"Maybe. Probably. That sounds like something Dean would do. Still, it was out of line for him to say what he said. Dean always was one to jump right past tact and straight to anger."
Dean leaned back against the wall, staring at his brother, wondering what he was seeing, hearing. It wasn’t supposed to end like this. Not for them.
"Yes." Kevin answered, entering the kitchen with his mom. Crowley stepped forward with a cup of coffee extended towards the prophet. Kevin glared and did not accept the peace offering, instead pushing past the former demon and retrieving his own cup.
Sam and Dean's guns came up instinctively when Crowley appeared in the doorway to the ransacked kitchen. Charlie and Dorothy had just returned from the armory with four poppy bullets and they were just distributing them when the former demon appeared in the entrance, out of breath and hands raised in supplication.
Dean had been truthful when he said he was sure, but there was still a part of him that was nervous. He had lived this moment over and over for nearly two decades and it never ended well, not in his imagination. Cas pushed a finger in and Dean prepared himself for pain that never came. Idly he realized that he had closed his eyes and opened them to find Cas hovering above him, calling his name.
So Cas smiled and leaned forwards, capturing Dean's lips once more with his, pouring all the love he could muster into the gesture. Dean needed it. Dean deserved it. And Cas was damn well going to give it to him.
He pulled back again, feeling blood rushing south. He didn't know how long he'd be able to continue cutting these make out sessions short before Cas started asking questions. Hopefully the newly-human angel's abundance of naivety would hold him off for a while but not forever. Dean knew that eventually he and Cas would need to 'talk'. He just hoped that when the time came, it didn't fill him with nearly as much terror as it was doing now.
Hannah rushed to Gadreel and gasped at the sigils he had cut into his chest with one of the jagged rocks that littered his cell.
So everyone sat down to Christmas dinner. It was being held in the library, as that was the only place in the bunker with a big enough seating area, with Jody and Crowley at one end, Dean, Cas, and Sam in the middle, and Kevin and Linda Tran at the other. And, though the atmosphere started out tense and awkward, it soon relaxed into cheery conversation and banter with stories and laughs being shared.
"There's been an incident. A massacre in a biker bar in Wyoming. Police reports say there are what look like wing marks burned into the ground for each victim."
Dean let out a relieved breath and pressed a kiss to Cas' forehead before reaching out to inspect his injured wrist.
"I watched something called 'Keeping up with the Kardashians'." He frowned, "Why are we expected to keep up with them? They do not seem to serve any purpose to society."
"A wicked witch." He enounced, "The Wicked Witch of the 'I'll get you my pretty and your little dog too' variety."
Dean pulled his baby into the pump station at the first Gas n' Sip he saw, stepping out as Cas did and moving over to the fuel door.
They got a few pairs of jeans, some t-shirts, long sleeved shirts, sweaters, pajamas, socks, and underwear. Dean dragged him to the footwear department to pick out a pair of sneakers and from there they made their way to formal attire.
Sam nodded, still unsure which way his brother was going to go on this, whether or not it would be a welcome gift.
But it all seemed worth it somehow, just to be able to lie here with this man in his arms. To give up eternity for one man was worth it for moments like these when it was just the two of them.
"Truth is uh…I lost the food money that Dad left for us in a card game. I knew you'd get hungry, so...I tried taking the five-finger discount at the local market and got busted. I wasn't on a hunt. They sent me to a boys home."
"Next time, not that there's going to be a next time mind, but if there is you pick up the phone and you call. Got it?"
"Sam's already volunteered. You've had a long few days, why don't we just try to get some sleep, huh?"
The timeline of this episode is a little confusing (admittedly, the timeline of the whole show is a little confusing) so I've condensed it somewhat.
Cas lay down, fitting his face into the crook of Dean's neck while Dean wrapped him tightly in his arms. Safe in his arms.
He held out a picture, which Dean took. It was one of those professional studio photos with the generic blue background and everyone posing awkwardly, all fake smiles. It featured a pretty redheaded woman, a man with striking blue eyes, and a young blond girl. The woman had her hand on the man's shoulder and the girl stood on his other side, his arm wrapped around her shoulders, holding her secure. Dean stared at the man.
"He's been moping, testy, quick to anger, quick to yell, quick to throw things. Reminds me of Gavin when he was pubescent. All those hormones." He shuddered and though he tried to hide it, a shadow passed over the former demon's face as he mentioned his long dead son.
The things Dean had said to him hurt deeply; cut him to the quick and Castiel was not at all sure if he could go through that again. But he also knew Dean and he knew how deeply Dean's insecurities ran, and he knew too that he should have turned back that day on the road. He should have turned back and talked to Dean instead of giving in to the spite that had filled him; the petty desire to punish Dean for what he had said and make him feel the way he had made Castiel feel.
"Come on." Dean urged, "You don't have to come on the hunt, just come with me. Keep me company. After all," he continued, reaching over to trace the line of Castiel's clavicle where it peeked out of his collared shirt "it's a long drive to Idaho and if this does turn out to be something, I may have to stay over night." He leaned forward to whisper in Castiel's ear, "I'd hate to have to sleep all alone in some motel room all by myself."
And then it was gone because Castiel had pulled away, breathing heavily with a pained look in his eyes.
Dean woke abruptly, snapping from sleeping to waking with no transition in between, a habit borne from a lifetime of being on guard. He felt rested, more rested than he could ever remember feeling before.
"No," Dorothy said, appearing in the doorway, "she's wounded, we may still have some time, she could still be in the air vents."
The two men sat in silence as Dean gathered the strength to reveal one of his most closely guarded secrets and Sam gave his brother the time he needed.
"Cas was doing something nice for me and I fell apart—" he cut off, his words stolen by the lump in his throat that was growing by the minute.
"Yes. I believe Gadreel will prove to be a very helpful ally. He believes the key to defeating Metatron lies in breaking his connection with the angel tablet."
He closed his eyes that were still worn out and stinging from the all the bawling he had been doing earlier, unease settling in his stomach, and he dropped off quickly, wrung out from the stress of the day and the worries of the future.
"He allowed Lucifer in. He broke God's trust. And he has been in Heaven's most secure prison ever since."
She smiled and shut the motel room door. Dean turned to find Sam and Cas giving him questioning looks.
"Okay, yes. Maybe I got a little carried away at first, but those days are over. A near-death experience makes you re-evaluate. So, one time only, I'm offering amnesty. Every angel, no matter what their sin, may join me and return to heaven. I will be their God, and they can be my heavenly host."
Dean sighed and wound an arm around the angel's shoulder, pulling him in and pressing a kiss to his hair. The angel rested his head against Dean's shoulder and a cough escaped him, which turned into a fit and Dean shut his eyes against the wrongness of it all.
"Is this another 'Rules according to Dean Winchester'?" He asked, bringing his fingers up in air-quotes to punctuate his words.
"Of course you're invited you idiot!" Dean exclaimed, earning him a reproachful look from the man behind the counter.
Dean and Cas returned to the news that they now knew how to trap Vesta, but were unable to summon her since they had neither the requisite ingredients nor any way of obtaining them.
Jody stared between the three of them, mouth open and eyes blinking before she shook her head, closed her eyes and sighed, throwing her hands up in a gesture of surrender.
"I can't promise I won't yell at you again." he whispered. "But I can promise that I won't ever mean any of it."
Castiel looked at Dean and Dean nodded, gesturing to his little brother. Cas turned and raised his hand to Sam's forehead. He flinched away and looked at Dean.
"Remember when you were twelve? Living in Michigan? Dad left us in a crappy motel in November, promising to be back in a few weeks? 'Cept he was gone more than a month, and it was starting to get cold. You were hitting your first growth spurt and you eating like crazy. Always so hungry. The money was running out quick. And Dad…one hunt had overlapped the next and he couldn't get back to us in time.
As the days and weeks passed, Dean and Castiel fell into a comfortable routine. Waking up, sharing breakfast. Sometimes they would go out walking or driving, sometimes they would stay home and read or watch TV. In the evenings they worked and on their free nights they would watch crappy TV on Dean's old set and Castiel would frown at the irrational, and often irresponsible, choices made by the doctors on Dean's favourite show, Dr. Sexy MD.
Dean continued stroking gently and Cas leaned his head forwards to rest on Dean's shoulder, crowding in. Dean moved up the limb, petting his fingers over the soft down that covered the join where the limb met Cas' shoulder blade. As his fingers buried into the feathers, Cas let out a sound that was part moan and part purr, and nuzzled his face into the crook of Dean neck.
Dean deliberated. It would be stupid to bring a wasted stranger into his home but there was just something about the guy.
Really, Dean ought to have stopped Cas at two beers but the man had managed to get hold of a bar menu, and was curious about all the different mixed drinks and their outrageous names, and if he was going to be human, then he really ought to know about these things. So Dean ordered Cas a strawberry Daiquiri, and by the time it arrived, the three men were beginning to attract the attention of a group of girls sitting a few tables away, one of whom eventually got up the courage to come over.
Dean stared at him with soft eyes and a small grin on his face, which he was sure looked totally stupid but he really couldn't bring himself to care.
"Listen, Cas." Dean said, holding his hands up, "We need to get Vesta here and this is the easiest way of doing it."
"It's not a button." she said quietly, "And this isn't just a piece of paper. This is your clean slate, your chance to be a virgin again until marriage."
"Heather." She answered breathlessly as the two made their way back to her table. Before she sat down, she turned back and gave Dean and Cas a little wave. "It was nice to meet you two."
Bobby hauled himself to his feet, cursing his age as his back twinged and knees creaked. Once he was up, he put a hand on Dean's shoulder, ceasing the nauseating movement.
"You're scared." he said, finally understanding why Castiel hadn't wanted to come on the hunt in the first place.
It had seemed like such a good idea at the time. A totally submissive act, free from aggression, anything that might trigger Dean. He had gone slow, given him time to adjust, to understand exactly what Cas was willing to do for him, wanted to do for him.
They were in an interrogation room back at the command centre. Dean had tracked Tessa to a showing of Jesus Christ Superstar and managed to stop her before she blew away an auditorium full of people.
, Dean!" he exclaimed, abandoning his computer and running over to where Dean was trying to right himself.
"Because you give off this vibe of never wanting to talk about anything, and Cas is too scared of disappointing you or losing you to push you."
"I think they're awesome." he said, and it was the truth. Despite their rather haggard look, the wings were still massive and cool. He couldn't help reaching a hand out and stroking over them. Cas closed his eyes and shuddered as Dean's fingers brushed across the down that was just as soft as it looked. The wing twitched and moved quickly out of the range of Dean's hand.
"Then how could you think I would hate you for it? Even if you had wanted that, it would not change how I feel about you. Nothing will ever change that."
Dean shrugged. "Well I just…" he trailed off lamely as Cas turned, fists clenching as he fought to control his temper.
Castiel didn't have the heart to tell Dean that he wouldn't be going on any hunts. Ever. He recalled the last time he tried to join Sam and Dean, his time as a third wheel. It hadn't work out well and now that he was human, he would probably prove to be worse than useless.
Dean shifted noisily from his seemingly relaxed stance and Muriel eyed the blade and the infamous hunter warily.
Dean still wasn't entirely sure what Cas was talking about until he started to feel the place in his mind that connected to the angel, and which had been bland and indistinct ever since their little spat, close off.
"And Alastair knew that." Cas interrupted, resting his hand on Dean's shaking ones. "He knew who you were when you showed up on his rack. And he knew we would be coming for you. Your treatment at his hands was barbaric. Even for a demon."
In the far back of his mind, in the empty place where Cas used to be, Dean felt...something. A prodding. His first instinct was to fight back against it, he had been resolutely ignoring it ever since Cas had closed it off, but as the angel struggled for breath in his arms, his wings lying limp beneath him, Dean let go of the anger and resentment and opened himself up to it. Instantly, he was flooded with the overwhelmingly familiar presence of the angel in his mind, accompanied by all the love Cas could muster. Which was quite a lot.
Cas pulled himself up and turned, staring, or attempting to stare, at Dean with serious, half-lidded eyes.
"Muriel." she introduced. "I didn't pick the outfit…" She trailed off as recognition bloomed in her expression. "Castiel?"
"I apologize for not giving you more warning but I have wanted to do that for some years and now seemed like a good time to try."
. Dean pulled back a little to stare in wonder at him, a smile broke over his face, a real smile, not the politely fake, media smile or the sultry smirk staring out from the cover of Vanity Fair, but a full on, eye crinkling smile that had Cas beaming in return.
"Yeah, I know." He said, his tone sad. He didn't elaborate though and Dean got the feeling that the topic was off-limits until Castiel was ready to talk about it.
Dorothy was looking at them with an expression of surprise mixed with something else…longing? There wasn't time to dwell on it.
"Sorry." he said, standing and moving out of the room as the tears he could no longer hold at bay burst forth. Maybe he was at a point where he could talk about his issues with people, but he was definitely still not comfortable crying in public.
Dean was on the ground in a second, grabbing at the angel whose skin had gone pale as a coughing fit hit and would not stop. Dean pulled him up, cradling him against his chest as Cas continued to hack, finally cutting off with a gasp.
Sam's hazel eyes met Dean's green. Both were glistening with unshed tears. Sam nodded, his jaw clenching in an effort to keep from weeping.
"Yeah." Dean answered, "But what about you? You said Metatron took your grace. Does that mean you're human now?"
"Not on your life." Crowley threw back, brandishing the weapon and pushing Kevin behind him, backing them up against one of the pillars, shielding the prophet. "Who are you? What do you want?"
He thought about going back to John’s; of facing the looks from his relatives and found he couldn’t even stand the thought of it. HE could feel the loss like a film on his skin in this town and he feared that if he stayed there he would never be free of it.
The blue gaze lifted from the back of the bar to meet Dean's and Dean found himself pinned by eyes that were even more powerful than he'd been expecting. It was as though the man was looking right into Dean's very soul.
It might have been funny under different circumstances but seeing Cas like this…Cas who had rebelled against heaven and taken on archangels and raised Dean from the pit. Seeing him reduced to this sorry state was just too much. It saddened Dean to see him this way and frustrated him as he tried to communicate the importance of their task while Cas sat there and played his game and Dean's anger grew until he could not take it anymore.
"Boys!" He called, hand raised in a gesture of farewell, "Sammy boy, don't let your brother run off and get himself killed anymore. Especially if members of my family are going to run after him and get themselves killed too. And Dean, take good care of my baby bro."
"Yeah," Dean answered. "You see, the only thing you've said that went into my ear was that you die."
"I owe you much more than that but I suppose that is a reasonable place to start." Switching gears, Castiel asked, "So Dean, how did you start at the Roadhouse?"
He left the guinea pig in his cage on the library table with a note to Sam to take good care of him. Not that he would expect anything else from his oversized brother.
The buildup of rage caused by the empty hole that Castiel's absence had left in its wake rose to unbearable heights, and Dean raised the blade in his shaking fist when, in a rush of light and warmth and comfort, Castiel's presence was once again pulsing in the back of Dean's mind.
"You expect to just waltz into heaven with Metatron's former right hand man and what? Just hope for the best?"
"We have no idea." Sam admitted, "At first, I thought the table was the computer but it's not, it's just a part of it. But we found these cables underneath and we followed them. You're never gonna believe what we found."
Cas blinked open his eyes and obediently stared up into Dean's concerned ones. Dean glanced from one to another, checking for signs of a concussion. Cas groaned again and brought his hand up to where his skull had smacked against the wall. Dean swatted his hand away and moved to check it himself.
Dean shot him a look that said he understood what Sam was saying, but he was reaching his chick flick quota for the century. Sam sighed and then frowned.
As Castiel was going through the bags, pulling out clothes and folding them, something caught his eye.
The vibrating of Dean's phone on the bedside table woke Dean, and he carefully extricated himself from his still-sleeping partner, before grabbing it and stepping outside the motel room to take the call.
Cas considered Dean's plea. Perhaps he was being overly cautious. Perhaps Dean didn't need time. Perhaps he just needed for it to be his decision.
"I can't Sammy, I can't say it." His anger had died and all that was left was exhaustion and fear and pain clouding his bright green eyes and darkening the circles beneath them.
"Utah. A, uh, college, uh, Bible-study group and their, uh, their guest speaker – some top-shelf church lady. Insides scorched out, kids' eyes were missing, but, not the church lady's."
Castiel was perched inside his cage, trying desperately to convince Hannah of his innocence. He took it as a good sign that she was at least humouring him by staying to listen to his side of what happened.
It was on his third pass from the back room to the till that he noticed the brooding stranger in a rumpled trench coat and backwards tie nursing a glass of something amber, Dean would guess scotch judging by the bottle that sat on the inner bar waiting for the expected refill.
Cas shut his eyes and rested his forehead in his hand, propping his elbow in the windowsill of the car he had 'borrowed'. Of course Dean would have rationalized it that way.
Dean face coloured; he couldn't get over the sight of Cas standing at the kitchen counter, back to him, wearing sweats and one of Dean's old t-shirts, wings protruding from the fabric as though it wasn't there.
It was Christmas Eve and Dean and Cas were on their way to Bobby’s to join Sam, Sarah, Jo, and Ellen.
He offered Dean his hand and pulled the hunter to his feet, leading him to a goodly sized spruce standing proud amongst the others. Its branches were dense and strong, they would hold ornaments and lights well, and it was tall, nearly eight feet. Dean assessed it and nodded. It was a beautiful tree.
"Where is it?" Castiel rounded on Ingrid whom Hannah had at blade point. She stayed silent and Castiel, knowing he had little to no time before Metatron caught word of Gadreel's martyrdom and came running, ordered curtly. "Remove her."
Sam was just about to follow Cas into the warehouse when his cell phone rang. Glancing down at his brother's caller ID he answered.
"Or are you pan? Because 'multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent'? Sounds pretty pansexual to me."
Dean leaned back in his chair and raised first one leg and then the other, resting them sideways on Castiel's lap and crossing one socked foot over the other. Cas frowned, looking down at his now occupied lap and then up at Dean, tilting his head in a silent question. Dean just smiled and went back to the computer keeping his senses open to the small gesture that sill seemed to contain so much meaning. Cas looked back down at the legs that had taken up residence on his lap and decided that he rather liked them there. Returning to the book, he rested his free hand on Dean's shin, brushing his thumb distractedly over the fabric of his pants as he continued reading.
It took Cas a few tries to get his arm in the sleeve of the jacket, and once he had it on he stood and promptly fell into Dean.
"You humans. So ruled by your emotions." He shook his head. "It was and always shall be your downfall."
Dean's look was still dark but Sam could see he was at least considering his words. Dean sighed and brought his hand to his mouth as he thought about what his brother was saying.
Dean closed his eyes and swallowed before shaking his head, which was apparently a bad idea because he moaned again and dropped his head into his hands.
Dean could feel his body shaking. His lips trembled and he pursed them tightly to try to get them to stop. Tears burned in his eyes. He took in a breath.
"You're wrong, you know." he said as he paused, turning back, "You may have done terrible, horrible things. You may have tortured and maimed and killed. You may have bought and damned countless souls, but none of that means you don't deserve a chance at redemption. And it doesn't mean you deserve to go to Hell. Not if you want to make up for it."
"I will lie with you." he said softly. "Once I have finished warding the bunker." He reached a hand up, caressing the other man's cheek. "I nearly lost you today. I know it's silly, you being a hunter and me an angel, but the last few months have been relatively safe, and I…I know how fragile human life is now." He looked into Dean's eyes and said softly, "And today, when you died…"
"Good." Dean grinned, feeling secondhand giddiness from the positive emotions pouring through the connection as the angel focused on his newly acquired pet.
"Giving me a job, letting me stay in your home. Bringing me here when you didn't even know me and I was so drunk I couldn't remember my own name?"
He stood with Castiel in the corner of Sam’s room. Sam looked, if it was even possible, worse than he had when Dean had left.
It had been a month since Christmas, a month since he'd seen Cas, when Dean woke to the feeling of someone hovering over him as he slept. Before he was even fully aware of his movements, he had grabbed the knife that lay under his pillow at all times and had brought it to the throat of whomever thought sneaking up on him while he was sleeping was a good idea. The bedside lamp switched on and Castiel's calm blue eyes stared back at him.
"And there is another." she added. "Some say he works for Metatron. Others say he is working for himself."
"Angels butchering angels." Castiel panted once Muriel had fallen still. "Is this what we've become?"
He opened his mouth but nothing came out. He wanted to move forward, to shout the angel’s name, to hold him and know he was real and solid, and then to shoot him for his unbelievably bad decisions. After all, he was an angel, he should have known better. Dean wanted to ask him how he’d survived the reservoir, where he’d been, why he hadn’t come back…
The knowledge of what had happened to Castiel's wife and child still sat heavy in his heart a few days later as he sat listening to the phone ring, waiting to be connected.
"So, Boyle's at it again." Dean said, "Selling folks on being meat suits for angels. Except now they're being slaughtered which means there's another player on the board. A board we can't see, with players who we have no idea about and basically have superpowers, and could kill us soon as look at us. Perfect."
"Tried t'…tried t' comm–comm…" he frowned, as he struggled with the word, "k'll m'self." He shook his head. "Nah good."
"After we talked this place went nuts all right? There was some alarm and all the machines were freaking out and the bunker just locked down! I couldn't open the door, my cell phone stopped working! I thought the world was ending."
"I want to give you something." Cas whispered, his breath tickling Dean's ear and his low voice rumbling in pleasurable vibrations through Dean's chest where Cas lay. "For your birthday." he added.
Castiel's voice was small, quiet, almost childlike, and Dean slid down the bed and turned so that they were lying face to face. Cas' eyes were large and bright despite the dimness of the room. Dean reached out and cupped his cheek.
"Thank you all so much for allowing me to stay. This past week has been…difficult. I hadn't realized how hard it was being human. I know I'll learn a lot from you."
"I feel fine." He nodded, "It was a nice feeling but I don't feel like I miss it or want it back if that's what you're getting at."
There was no answer so Dean slid his hand into the breast pocket of the rumpled overcoat, searching for the guy's wallet.
"I know Dean. You have never let me down. Despite all I have done to you, you have always believed in me."
"Because I've been there. In that deep dark pit that seems to suck everything away until all that's left is a desire for it to be over."
It was a direct hit, exploding into powder upon impact with the back of Dean's head, and some even managed to slip down the back of Dean's jacket as he turned and stared at his little brother, before ducking and gathering a snowball of his own.
Cas was struggling against his chains, screaming himself hoarse as he watched the man he loved choke and sputter and finally fall still.
Echoing in the derelict church and the sky outside the blown out windows was lit with thousands of glowing balls of light falling to the ground like meteors.
"Dean." he breathed, the same relief that the hunter had felt upon waking in the angel's arms evident in his sleep-roughened voice.
Only once they were outside did Dean remember that he had snagged the prime parking spot right outside the front door of the Roadhouse and sent up a prayer of thanks for small miracles. He managed to manhandle the guy to the passenger door of his baby and prop him up against the backseat door while he fished for his keys. As soon as Dean's grip left him the guy began to slide sideways, legs giving out beneath him.
The words sent a spike of cold fear through the belly of the gruff hunter. John Winchester had been a good man, a good hunter, but he had had his blind spots and a raging temper, especially when he'd been drinking, had been a particularly bad one.
"Look man, I get that you're all graced up again and what not, but in my book, if you gotta sleep, you gotta eat too."
"No. Don't do that. Really, I behaved very badly and I don't deserve your sympathy." He looked thoughtful, crossing his arms and holding the mic sideways, "I know that I screwed up and there's really no excuse. It's not that surprising, I screw things up all the time, but this...this was something special and I'll always treasure that. But I hurt him and he didn't deserve that. He deserved nothing but the best because he's honestly, the nicest, kindest, awesomest person and I don't think I really realized how much I loved him until he was gone and I have only myself to blame for that. I just hope that he's happy. But to answer your question, I don't think we'll be seeing each other again."
Sam shot the angel a perplexed glance; it really was amusing to see the way the angel's mind worked sometimes.
"Get a room." he ordered before grabbing Dean's wrist and pulling him with all of his considerable angel strength through the door to room number 7. Dean sent Sam a wide grin before the door slammed shut.
"That's fine Dean." Sam said, watching as his brother's ire cooled, "But you know you're going to have to tell Bobby eventually."
His eye caught sight of the white bandage that peeked out from the sleeve of the shirt he wore, bright against the black cloth. He pulled the sleeve down, banishing the reminder of his moment of weakness. He had been sincere when he'd promised the giant Winchester that he wouldn't try again. Quite apart from the fact that he didn't want to go through the pain of splitting his skin open again, he had given it some concerted thought and decided that, while he knew he was hell bound, he may as well stick around for as long as he could and see if he couldn't maybe do some good with the time left to him. He was under no illusions that he could change his fate, but perhaps it would ease the knot of guilt that was eating away inside him. Maybe he could do it for Gavin, who had died believing his father was a no-good, abusive ass.
"But are you sure you don't want anything? I could make something real quick, peanut butter and jelly. Grape jelly, not jam because I know you find it unsettling or whatever."
Not liking the feeling of being helpless in the face of his lover's pain and grief, Dean picked up to phone to make a call that he hoped would make a small dent in the mountain of injustice that surrounded the whole situation.
"Because I know what it's like to have nothing and no one." The two men stared at each other for an endless moment before Dean continued, "Now, why don't you start preparing for your new job by showing me how well you can wash these dishes." He said with a raised eyebrow and a smirk, holding out the dish soap.
"You know why you could never quite pull it together, Castiel? Why you're sitting here with Your Grace slowly burning away and your reputation long extinguished? No curiosity. You didn't read enough. You never learned how to tell a good story."
Sensing an imminent private conversation, both Kevin and Sam vacated the library, leaving the hunter and his angel alone.
Finally, they came to a copse of spruces and Dean sat down, letting Cas wander in and out of sight amongst the trees. He let his mind focus on the connection with the angel and felt an immense amount of concentration aimed at the surrounding wilderness. Every so often Cas would stop and stare at a tree and Dean could feel a hum start from someplace deep inside himself. As Cas drifted, the humming intensified until it felt like the whole forest was vibrating around him, coming into alignment. It built and built as the angel ran his hands over and through branches and bark, rising to a crescendo until something clicked and Dean could feel his whole being settle into perfect harmony with the surrounding area. Castiel's mind was placid, focused, at peace. It flowed into Dean, and he found himself losing all sense of time. All he was aware of was the forest. He imagined he could feel the roots that ran deep into the ground, feeding on the life-giving energy of the earth. Everything around him was singing in perfect harmony and he had to fight not to get swept away by it. There was something wrong though, a discord that sat like an oily sheen over the rest of the beauty, tainting it.
"Well you can't just abandon me out here, I know your pet moose closed hell and all but there are still demons on this earth and once word spreads that I've joined the rebel alliance they'll be out for my head. Not to mention all the angels that have been set loose."
Dean stared at the angel like he'd suddenly grown another limb and exchanged a confused glance with Sam.
"Fine." he said, moving over and snatching the tie from his hand and threading it around his neck and under the collar of his dress shirt. "You know you really should learn how to do this yourself." he commented as he knotted it quickly and efficiently.
Beside him, he felt Dean stiffen and smiled to himself, now they were getting somewhere. When he looked over, Dean was digging into the dirt around his feet.
"We're just gonna, um…" Jody trailed off as she grabbed her coat and purse and gestured to the door, moving swiftly to the exit followed by Sam, who shut the door quickly behind them.
He locked eyes with Cas, staring into the angel's depthless gaze and stopped struggling, allowing the feelings to wash over him.
"I was very different then." Cas agreed, wrapping his arms around the warm body that lay half on top of him, "I don't think you fully comprehend the profound affect you have had on my existence."
"No, it's not. It's about you thinking you can't have the things you want; it's about you being afraid to open yourself up to something because you might get hurt.
He moved to the desk, trailing his fingers over it and taking in the photographs that had joined the one of his mother. Cas had become increasingly fascinated with the practice and idea of using pictures to capture memories, and he picked up one of Cas that he had taken; a candid photo taken while Cas had been mid conversation with Sam, his eyes bright and face animated as he expressed his viewpoint. Dean couldn't for the life of him remember what the conversation had been about, but he loved the passion in the angel's eyes.
Jody was on the computer and Castiel was looking over the witness statement made by Barb Blanton's mother when Sam returned from questioning Tammy.
He felt Michael’s strong arms wrap tightly around him and for the first time in his entire life, he felt totally and completely alone.
"What's going on?" Castiel demanded, sure Gadreel was behind the betrayal until his surroundings coalesced into a familiar sight and Gadreel's panicked voice sounded from the cell next to his.
Dean finished with the pancake batter and took it over to the stove for Sam to start cooking. When he turned back, he sighed as he watched Castiel peering intently at the egg as he cracked it one handed, letting the white and yolk spill over his fingers and into the bowl.
He grinned down at her and she playfully slapped him on the arm before pulling out her phone which had begun to vibrate. She conferred with Dorothy for a moment before both of them stepped out of the room only to reenter ten minutes later with Sam, Bobby, and Inias in tow.
"There's a character called Clarence in the movie." Sam explained, "He's an angel who helps people. Well, one person. It's what Meg used to call him."
"Castiel." He said softly. He opened his mouth as though to elaborate but a pained look crossed his face and he closed it again before adding, "Just…Castiel."
"Never mind that you promised you wouldn't leave, but hey! If that's what you want, fine! I don't even want you here! I don't even
Dean winced as Metatron landed another blow. And then he was being hauled up and thrown at the wall again, Metatron landing punch after punch until his head was spinning and his face was in agony and all he could think of was that at least he was buying Cas some time and hopefully it would all be over soon.
"Because this time you have me." Dean said simply, but with conviction. "And I'm not gonna let that happen."
