“Oh, an in-law suite. You know, separate living quarters in the same house, but you’ll have your own entrance and kitchen, that sort of thing.”
Dean gently grabbed both sides of his face and kissed Cas deeply. He didn’t care about the buzz of voices around him or the gasps or ahhs. He only cared that Cas was responding in kind. Dean licked his lips and nuzzled the other man’s mouth, the scratchy feel sending a funny thrill through him.
Crowley looked at his neat hands and back up to Dean. “I can pull a few strings and hurry up the process if you ever need it, of course.”
Dean savagely hit the End Call button with his thumb and wished he still had a clunker with a handle so he could slam down the phone proper. It was so much more satisfying to hear the crack and the muffled clang inside like a bell.
Dean picked up the six and ten-inch ones from under the sink and placed them in a row according to size. “The standard set has six to ten inches. This one,” he tapped the small one, “is for small jobs. If you have a big job, you can’t go wrong with ten inches. You know what I mean?”
Eventually he found his way back to the place and crawled in the van, shivering with cold and faintly nauseous. He almost made himself puke just to get rid of some of those beers, but he knew by now that only helped a little. Instead he just pulled a stinky blanket over him, shut the van door, and sunk into blessed unconsciousness.
There, now Sam's tone was light and they were flirting away. Dean shifted his hip and palmed his phone, glad he was sitting alone on the other side of the table.
“A chili cook-off on Saturday. How fast do you think you could get word out and pull in at least a dozen participants?”
“My cooking.” Dean prompted. “The stuff you just ate.”
His mother smiled as she followed, seeming pleased about his energy.
Cas tilted his head. “He’s very straight-forward and bold. Isn’t that good?”
A jingle greeted him as he pushed open the door and cool air rushed over him. The sun was nearly over the horizon but the mugginess lingered thickly in the air.
“One, gross. Two, I'll send more information soon. Hanging up now, heathen.”
Sam looked a bit taken back, but grateful. “Thanks. That means a lot.”
Charlie brought him food during her lunch break, amused at his obvious enjoyment of the burger from Conner’s. “I told him no hot stuff.”
Dean paid the bill with several more crumpled bills and made sure to tuck the receipt in his glove compartment to give to Charlie. He’d probably send a copy to Sam as well to get reimbursed twice. Nothing wrong with that, the money from the client only went to two people anyway.
Castiel’s traitorous face got hot. Protesting the topic seemed pedantic, as if he weren’t a man of the world as well as a man of the cloth. He was not an ignorant child.
After Sam had a meeting with his frat brothers, Dean puts his plan into operation. He double-checked nearby places on the computer that was lowkey. Sam would need alcohol and a quiet atmosphere.
“Ah.” This was as dry as the Sahara Desert at noon. His eyelids drooped lower as his gaze flicked down to the paper. “The church is very important to Ms. Middleton. Her great-grandfather helped build it, you see.”
. It had a vintage design, probably unchanged since the first tubful was poured in the first bottle.
Attending Bowling Night had been a tactical error. A massive lapse of judgment. His own. He forgot most of these people had known each other their whole life.
“I’d rather work at a casino,” Dean muttered, grabbing a shirt and rolling it to tuck away in his battered old Deer Johne luggage.
He blew out a sigh, his thoughts were crowding all around his head in a confusing jumble right now. He had forgotten all about his former girlfriend or whatever she was.
But isn’t that what he had been asking for in prayer? Someone who has turned to God outside of obedience, for this was definitely a grown man, and was searching for answers.
“Yes, but it’s proper to confess sins you have already committed.”
He changed into a clean white shirt and a flannel, soft, red, not see-through. Of course his plan was immediately ruined when on the way back out Benny splashed some water on him and laughed uproariously.
“What does it matter? I’ve died once already.”
“I’m gay.” Dean said flatly into his phone once he was safely ensconced upstairs. Heddy was a widowed thirty-something who was apparently part of his parish and most definitely did not flirt with him. She was pretty bangin’ for a middle-aged woman too.
“Dude, where are all the beer cans?”
And Cas had gotten the wrong idea entirely and that made him feel bad too. Not that Dean was exactly innocent on his end at the end.
She placed another plate with an equally huge burger in front of Cas, smiling in a friendly way at him. “Enjoy, darlin’.”
He wove through the other teams, Team Casters and Magdalene and Sisters to get to the flock of white. But he stopped when he got within sight, looking at all the faces. Cas was easy enough to spot, but he was busy, wasn’t he? Maybe he didn’t want Dean there or at all.
The Wagon Bar was his type of joint. It had a jukebox and sawdust scattered along the floor. No peanuts, but it has a good Western feel to it. The music playing when they came in was on point, and Sam had stopped sending him weird looks.
Dean climbed out of the car in front of the closed shop, noticing the bright green papers already all in place. Damn that woman worked fast. What did she have at her disposal, a veritable army of flyer-placing elves?
“Ohhhh,” she breathed, eyes growing big. “We’re going to serve beer?”
Cas’s parents were a mixed bag. Charles looked dubious. Rebecca grabbed a handkerchief from the breast pocket of a guy standing near her, that grumpy guy who was the leader of Team
“Put the fork down.”
Yesterday was a hiccup. Today he would focus on the case and getting the hell out of here. So kidnapper didn’t go to the upstart church in a broken down building. Dean bet if the guy was so devoted he’d march his ass to that Catholic church with its overcompensating steeple.
“Not quite my speed, but thank you.” Dean wasn’t sure if he should be acting more competitive since he was here to nab away some of the numbers.
A young man walked by then, couldn’t be much older than twenty one, drinking deeply from a whiskey on the rocks and choking when he saw Cas.
He compromised and typed in
He was here for just one guy.
“I just want to talk, Dean.”
Confess
“I’m going to split you apart, angel. You can call me God, if you want.” Bitter disgust coated his soul even as he spoke so lewdly, because he was so goddamn
She blushed again. “We can work out a deal with the hardware store tomorrow.”
“Heeello,” Dean drawled slowly. He did look a little bit scary. While Castiel had a solemn air about him, this priest took gravity to a whole ‘nother level. “I spoke with Father Castiel earlier.”
Dean sat up too quickly and hit the plumbing, because of course he did, red blossoming in his vision. “Ah
“But he still makes time for those important to him.” Dean stressed.
“That’s not what…” Sam drops it then and for that Dean is thankful.
Everybody Charlie knew had worked there at some point. It was the hub of economy in the town, hundreds of people would be out of a job if anything happened to the cluster of buildings.
“Speaking of which.” In for a penny, he supposed. “I hung a flyer up in Taylor’s Market.” Not that it was any of his business, but if she cared about some dumb babysitter, which she clearly did, then she probably cared about her father too.
Another image popped up in his head for a moment, of sunny stairs and the round curve encased in grey jeans. He shook his head and got to typing.
An embarrassed twitch showed at the corner of Castiel’s mouth, the first sign he understood innuendos. Admittedly, the innocence was kinda appealing.
His gaze slid to meet Dean’s, perfectly stoic.
Sam stared at him suspiciously. “No, they paid for it. Who have you been on the phone with?”
“Take a break and let’s figure out something to do together.”
“Do I really have to say Father? I’m not kinky like that. Your name is Castiel, right?”
When she was gone Dean inclined his head toward the other man. “Is she always like that?”
“Your daughter,” Dean said as he laid down a paper on the counter, “is hosting an event this Saturday. Should I sign you up now, or?”
Castiel was walking back from the bathroom, brow furrowed as he stared at his phone. A tad dangerous to do in a crowd with little coordination and drinks in hand, especially wearing white.
“Wow.” Dean breathed, giving Cas an impressed look. “That was good. You’re kind of a smart ass.”
by Moby had been crooning out moments ago, but no use in being embarrassed around Charlie. Sam would have ridden Dean’s ass for the next decade, but there wasn’t any rock to be found. He did have CDs, but of course the ancient machine only played cassette tapes.
“Drink up, Cas!” Dean plunked the bottom of his bottle on the lip of Castiel’s beer firmly, making it slowly but surely foam up.
. Not when it might hurt someone nice.” He couldn’t help but glance at Cas's parted lips again, something in his stomach swooping and leaving him breathless. This was about the time he looked away. He had to stop eye-fucking the guy.
“We have a confessional room with a narrow screen. One can sit behind it if they wish, but there’s more than enough room to sit face-to-face as well.” He almost preferred those, because the sinkers never suggested it.
Against all his finer minded instincts, Castiel turned his head and leaned close to the holes angled so he couldn’t see past them. He stared at nothing and waited.
Besides, she already met most of the lesbians in the general vicinity through her ex-girlfriend. And most of them had dated each other at some point and she wasn’t sure if she could handle that. She couldn’t be mad at a girlfriend for having a life before her, but she hated hanging around all her girlfriend’s exes. There, she said it, even if just to herself.
The other man slowly placed his hands on each side of the burger, still watching him as if this was some trick.
And then he turned around, grabbed a six pack of beer, and placed that next to his food.
Sam only looked puzzled, reminding him that he hadn’t gotten to attend last year’s event because of the Principle thing.
Yet there he sat, spellbound and trapped by his own weakness.
“I am. I’m also here about a fun event going on this Saturday in Middlepoint Park. It’ll have stuff for kids. Have you lived here long?” He used his best patient voice he reserved for children.
“C’mon Cas, quick, your fuckin’ house is burning down!” he barked, nearly jumping as Cas’s hands rose to grip the sleeves of his leather jacket.
He took out the two receipts out, smoothing them over a flyer and walking down the middle aisle. He didn’t see anyone, though he did try and glance under the two conjoining booths to the left to check for shoes. Confessional he figured, he knew that much from movies. Venturing closer, he saw the bottom of black robes descending down the stairs.
“It’s Sunday.”
The look on Cas’s face was immediate shock.
That caused an immediate launch on the good ship Sam Cares. “You shouldn’t let her do that to you. You’re better than that. I mean, it’s not like there’s anything wrong with Lebanon.”
“I’m sorry if it’s too personal.” Gus rubbed the back of his neck, looking discomfited.
“I’m going to take you out of this place.” Cas said quietly, his voice a rumble in the din of screams and other disgusting sounds that Dean knew too well. “Through the flames.”
Dean grinned at Cas. “I’m so glad your parents got to see this.” He waved at them and smiled at Cas.
Not that they were dating. Yeah she was far more attractive at this point than any other time with their clothes were on, but she
The woman practically wrenched the paper out of Jesse’s hand and threw it on the porch. “No, thank you,” she said icily before slamming the door. Okay. Most likely not Ben, but he felt for the poor kid anyway. People who weren’t tolerant of one thing tended to be rigid in lots of other progressive issues.
“Not for you, Edith.” Dean grinned, glancing again at Novak. Instead of looking perturbed though, the other man continued to simply exude acceptance.
“If it makes you happy, I’m cool with it.”
It took him a moment to notice Dean was watching him intently. It sent a throb of heat through Castiel, which was alarming.
Castiel tore his eyes away from Dean and his green eyes and smile, brighter than a hundred candle flames casting their smoke up to an endless sky. He tried to focus. The topic was important, perhaps the most important discussion he’d ever had.
“Or was gay.” Charles said blandly.
Privacy! That’s what they needed. “Hey Benny, I’mma show you what a real song is. C’mon.”
“Okay, what is she Majoring in?”
!’ bitchface and throws down the gauntlet. “I'll drive him home then both of us.”
That’s right, he had called other Father ‘Father’. How confusing. “So what, if you have a whole room of priests you just stand around saying, Father, Father, Father, Father?”
Cas looked dazed for a moment as their mouths softly parted. “I’m glad to see you too,” his voice was a touch more hoarse than normal.
Hope you're all enjoying this! I'm taking a moment announcing the a new fic will be starting shortly after this one.
Sam stood up, smiling at Dean. “Okay. See you later. Nice seeing you, Cas.”
Okay, so he was right on the dumping thing.
He followed her little car further into town and down an old road to a rather picturesque house. Two levels, blue scalloped trim, and a neat lawn lined with oranges, yellows and more blue flowers. He grabbed his duffel bag and came around to lean against his passenger door.
Sam turned and pointed at him. Guy turned to look, and Dean found himself startled by the electric blue of his eyes, even at this distance. He raised a hand in a wave.
Frank interest showed more on Ruby’s face, though Abbie was clearly in this competition. Abbie spoke first, “Speaking of drinks, our grandfather has a microdistillery that he’s been running since before the Kansas Prohibition. It would go great with the...chili.”
Taking another gulp of ice water, he ignored the curious look of Connor and the outright smirk of Crowley. Screw them it was hot. By the time Charlie brought a second set of bowls he frowned at her distrustfully.
Castiel’s hair was plastered flat and he had to blink rapidly because of the rain. “I’m having a crisis,” he said flatly.
An engineer who could build killer robots? His eyebrows rose high and nodded with an impressed air to himself as he slid his phone face up again.
Dean's chest gave a funny pang.
“Sure, then Cas can definitely show up too.” Dean grinned at him, not really sure why he reiterated the invitation. He was gratified to see Cas quirk an eyebrow back at him.
“Yes.”
A lot of laughter from the lookie-loos seemed to startle Cas, so at least he probably didn’t mean it badly.
Dean didn’t stop until he was out in the cool night air. Afraid that his brother, or other people, might follow him, he pushed away from the building and went stumbling off into the night.
“I did it. Now I say the part about sinning?”
“I’ll do it.” Bradford stepped between several people, his chin up and steadily watching his daughter.
Speaking of hot..
He swallowed the bite, taking a big noisy slurp of his iced tea. He didn’t like tea as a rule, but it seemed very Minister-ly.
Dean sucked in a breath and nodded certainly. “Yeah.” Except he hadn’t told Cas yet. But he was sure it would be...good. Cas always reassured him that he missed him.
I know, I'm trying for every two days! D: I hope I can make up for it ^.~ Thanks so much for all the reviews last chapter, I absolutely heart you guys! I'm so glad it's being enjoyed!
Cas nodded, eyes travelling back to Dean directly. “Sometimes people invite me.”
He reminded himself several times of the categories because Crowley frowned at him when he saw him peeking. Color, Aroma, Consistency, Taste, Aftertaste. He took a quick gulp of water and hurried through the answers. ‘Dull 5. Good 7. Meaty 6. Hot 5. Lots 8. Total 31’.
“I know, but after Minister George passed away nobody took his place. That’s when I was still a kid. We renovated as much as we could afford and opened the church last year because I think people need a choice. Not everyone in town is Catholic, but that’s all we’ve had for decades.”
Jo turned pink as she watched the slow death of their nice time. “Bella is the new HR person. She’s implemented a lot of good changes.” The last part came out awkwardly, like it was a big fat lie. But the reason Jo hadn't said no to an extra person at lunch became clear.
“We wouldn’t miss it.”
“Gross!” Sam made a face and took a sip of his vegan gluten-free iced tea or something. “Why are you so gross all the time?”
Cas rocked forward and stood up in one smooth motion. That took practice. “I should go as well. Thank you, Pastor, for discussing matters with me.” He nodded to Charlie respectfully on the way out.
She dabbed her eyes and blew loudly into the handkerchief, then held it back out to...Crowley, that was his name.
Dean stroked his jaw slowly. Competitive, were they? “What’s a food the town is known for? Anything?”
Oh, so that’s how he was playing it? It wasn’t about his preferences at all. Dean straightened out his stack and looked the man over. Tit for tat. “Takes one to know one, huh pop? Why don’t don’t you focus on your actual child.”
Dean immediately scowled, but Scott didn’t look as if he were making fun. And he was sitting in front of Donnie’s computer.
Dean should kick Sam’s butt for treating a patient dude like that. That was rare to find anyone nice, Dean knew for damn sure that he’d have fled by now to find someone more attentive.
“Says Single. Look, she has a lot of pictures up of unusual cloud patterns. Oh, she posted one up of the library about an hour ago. It’s grainy, but it’s definitely the library.” He would know. “You know, if you need closure...”
It was a tense departure for Dean, but he didn’t hear a gun cocking behind his back so that was good. Once walking down the street again he hid the beer inside the bag. A place this size would take the news of his beer and turn it into him being a raging alcoholic who liked opium and orgies.
Castiel initiates the next meeting.
Huge, state of the art, the type of place that people visited from out of state just to get the best care possible.
“It was good seeing you, Cas. Hoping to see more of you later.” He winked, again making it as obvious as possible that he accepted the guy. That was important, the support of family.
And he kept right on trying to not think into the next morning. His first stop of the morning was the hardware store, so early that Gus was just stumbling out of his Lancia Prisma with wild hair and puffy eyes.
Dean was definitely not pleased with this turn of events. Didn’t Sam know what he did to encourage the nice guy to go for him? And he was going to throw it all away for some pervy little prick. Fuck!
“Oh good.” Dean twisted, but the damn thing was stuck. “We’re all men of God here, no need to stand on ceremony. Priests don’t call each other Father, do they?”
He muttered to himself as Sam covered the other bits of pertinent information, including a recitation of the address and the name of his new job, Roseview Church. He’d had an email interview with Charlie already, apparently, and passed with flying colors. Sam said ‘just be yourself’.
“Dean, please.”
“What. the. fuck.” He growled at the sight of the table with only one occupant. “Tell me he went to the bathroom or something.”
“What’s a mortal sin?”
Adam decides to take matters into his own hands.
He had skimmed through his history so that didn’t completely catch him off guard. “Yep, but uhh, God, he got me through it.”
As he was clicking around on her page he saw a new notification pop up. She was going to the Roadhouse tomorrow at 9 to see Purgatory. A huge grin split his mouth, she missed him!
“Ha ha,” he deadpanned. “Isn’t there something?”
The Mayor leaned an elbow against the armrest and looked wholly unimpressed. “Hmm. Shall I call you Pastor? Or Agent? Chef, Professor, Officer…”
As the song wound down Sam and the guy were standing next to each other, Blue Eyes stuck his hand on Sam’s arm and looked up to him.
Dean raised his hands, unable to form words. Yeah Cas wasn’t sitting in his lap exactly, but he was certainly straddling him. “Y-yeah, like that. But, um, you, uh...lower yourself.” He should’ve figured Cas would do so. He really should have. And it wasn’t like any time some giggly girl plopped herself down. For one Cas was heavier, a solid line of heat from his thighs to hips. “That’s how you do it, yep.”
“You’re not a demon.” He stated simply.
A snort came from the mobile phone sitting beside the faucet, his brother apparently not appreciating the sentiment. “You’re going to have to curb that sort of talk during the case. This is bible country and religion is our only lead.”
“I’m here for the monster burger.” Dean tells her as she goes, winking when she looks back over her shoulder.
She smiled, then seemed to realize they had an audience of one curious, blue eyed priest. “Father Castiel!” She wrung her hands and looked around. “The offer is for you too. If you attend dinners. Or want to, at my dinner.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever.” Dean wandered off to the shade and dumped the last half of the bottle over his head. From the cement bench he could see Sam waving to someone coming down the steps. For a moment that same wrench twisted his stomach, but then the other person came into view.
“Dean.” Cas breathed against his mouth, close enough to kiss.
“What happens if someone wants to be seen?”
“Ohh,” Gabe breathed, placing a hand on his chest. “I think Sam is capable of saying where his interest lies. You’re not jealous, are you?”
Dean slid Castiel’s fingers against his mouth, the touch of breath skimming off the skin. “I came to confess just to you.” The hot heat of a mouth enveloped the tip of one finger, Dean’s tongue smoothing over the pad. “You won’t tell anyone, will you?”
The other man looked up, gaze sparking with interest. “Oh?”
It was nearly noon by the time he woke up on the unoccupied bed in Sam’s humongous room, one arm flung over his face. He peeked under to see if anyone was around. Sam was gone, but they had a good time last night. The guys here were pretty funny for nerds if the stories Sammy told were true and he was glad Sam was connecting people with common interests.
“Then I guess I'll just stay right here.”
The man raised an eyebrow, but he did hold out a hand. “Bradford Middleton, owner.”
(See the end of the chapter for
That made him feel worse.
Cas saved her from another two minutes of additional explanation. “I appreciate the offer. I’m afraid Mass begins at five in the evening.”
“You used to work on cars?” Now Dean perked up, that was cool.
Dean has an epiphany about why Sam and he keep running into Cas.
He received all the people who were ashamed of admitting the same old sins to the same old person every time visited him when their guilt became too great.
Sam gave in and was sitting with a beer in front of him when Benny arrived.
I really want to respond to everyone but don't want to artificially bump up my Comments numbers! But I read every single one and am determined to push this to the end for you guys!!
Benny kept quoting ridiculous things like ‘
Dean eagerly awaits his real date. And again.
Until they were hanging at Donnie’s, making plans for another gig.
She turned and walked further into the house, her thick cane making slow thumps on the hardwood floor. “The tools are in the basement. They belonged to my son, but he died in the war.”
“Um, sure.” Dean started clicking through Cassie’s Community pages as he waved Sam off. He felt like a stalker, kinda, but quickly forgot that when he snuck a beer out of his bag, cracked it in the bathroom with running water covering the sound. He drank as he found threads she posted on.
At this Cas gasped, no amount of tightening or wriggling could dislodge the hand pressed against him.
He held out his hand and waited until cool metal touched his palm. Adjusting for the weight, he pulled it back and checked the tightness high up. “Thanks. So the problem is that you don’t attach copper to galvanized pipes. And who knows how many got replaced? Most people just switch out busted ones instead of doing the whole system because it takes forever. Can you turn down the radio?”
Dean cursed and resisted the urge to suck on his thumb after it pinched between two pipes. But not knowing the last time these were cleaned stopped that impulse dead in its tracks.
That earned him a completely dubious look. “I am not sure how to respond to that.”
He did sneak his phone out in the bathroom though.
Gabe snapped his fingers. “I’ll go get us some more!”
“He was helping me with the tools.” Dean pointed at the pile next to them like he was caught making out by his mom.
“I haven’t worked on a car in ages.”
. You want another week of gigs with grumpy, drunk-ass Dean?”
“Sister Act?”
guys, Dean.”
Maybe Sam hadn’t worked up the nerve to actually ask him out yet. Yeah, his geeky brother was probably just as hopeless with boys as girls as it turned out. Maybe inviting him to the show was Sam’s way of feeling out the waters.
“Come on, let’s go find him!”
, goddamnit!” He laid back and gripped his forehead, he rung his own bell good. “I mean...gosh...and not hot...I meant…” He scooted out but reconsidered sitting up until the pain subsided to merely agonizing.
, as a funny side note, had a grumpy looking leader with a black suit jacket and red lettering. Grumpy guy came over to shake Cas’s hand with a very narrow look.
And there was a third guy with spiked dirty blonde hair and bright eyes. “Hey Magic Fingers!” He gave Dean an appraising look, but damned if the little guy didn’t go back to staring up at Sam in a way that was not just-friendly.
“I thought so. Hey, I’ll see you there.” He grinned, looking Dean over.
“Got yourself a real catch there. Good job.” He slapped Sam’s knee, deciding ‘I was checking him out for you’ was a pretty good excuse. It was true too, he was fairly sure. Before Sam could respond, Dean’s hip buzzed. He pulled out his phone and held up a finger to his brother to wait.
“Sure,” Dean lied.
Castiel froze.
“I’m really sorry about my chili.”
thorough.
She checked the time again. It was about time to go meet her friend for lunch.
Castiel didn’t know how to answer that.
“Why did you do that?” Castiel asked once the beer was under control.
The lights did not flicker or explode, he was disappointed.
The many pillars were white but the wall panels with a warm beige, and it was not inundated with crosses. The backlights on the wall behind the stage were yellow flanked by orange, and all of the stained glass windows were predominantly an intense blue that reminded him of their priest’s eyes.
Castiel didn’t know what to do for several long seconds. He didn’t have an answer at first and then it stopped mattering. The door had creaked open and shut carelessly with a crack.
“There, that’s your Complimenting 101.” Dean grinned. “Feel free to add new parts or change ‘em up when eating something different. Cooks love compliments, you see. It soothes the pain from oven burns and seared eyelashes.”
So Dean wandered closer, looking over his shoulder.
“Uhh. Maybe?”
It was the only Cas name. While yes, Cassie could have dropped out last year, that really didn’t make sense, did it? None of it made sense because she couldn’t cook, didn’t know how to lift a hood let alone understand what was under it, and she sure as shit wasn’t able to build any machine that didn't come with instructions.
“Does Mark need you that bad?” Sam caught him and did not look pleased.
“But can
He chuckled, she'd gotten snarky hadn't she? And look at that, he always thought she hated his music. Maybe she started to appreciate it after all. Or him?
Dean nearly spits out his drink, which was already unsatisfying, and shoots Sam a look.
The rest of the morning was spent at the church, avoiding the whole pipe matter because it would take longer than a day. He didn’t want to leave any more unfinished projects than he already was, if need be.
That was good. Dean wanted to be saved.
“Chuck?” he asked, loud enough for the guy to hear.
Dean sighed happily, but he stopped and looked over his shoulder. “I want you here for this. You should experience this part of your son’s life, if nothing else.” Maybe that was too bold or blunt, but he was a man on a mission.
They walked back to the offices after he finished a preliminary list for her. She told him about the six - six! - people who attended the church. None of them were a supposed father and son who moved here three months or less ago, but one was an ex-con. He was keeping his gun in the pulpit.
Charlie had a portable microphone and stood before the Judge’s table when the park was getting full. “Welcome to our first Lebanon Chili Cook-Off!”
Now he doesn’t necessarily enjoy the tour or hearing all about the place’s history, but he listens for his brother’s sake. He’s completely turned around and the sun is beating down like the fiery hand of God. “Isn’t there a place to grab a drink?”
Dean nodded and rubbed the back of his neck. “Eh, so…” What did exactly one do in this situation? Cassie had always elaborately vowed to miss him and soooo looking forward to seeing him over the summer.
After the burgers were gone and his ice was melting in pale brown droplets, Dean let out a satisfied sigh. His appetite felt sated finally, at least until he checked his phone.
, but getting upfront was a good thing to focus on.
Percy or whatever was making big overblown gestures with his hands. “Then the claw flipped the other machine over, held it down, and violated it. It was a massacre, I thought Team No Loopholes was going to cry.”
Dean finished brushing his teeth and cleaning up before looking in the cupboards for cereal. He stopped by the grocer again since their odd showdown, but it was a chatty little blonde behind the counter.
And that’s when he saw them.
Her bottom lip buttoned up as she looked uncertain. Finally she looked down and away, mumbling, “This must be what the devil sounds like.”
Dean paused. “Uh, yeah. You did great.” He shut the door and ran his fingers through his hair as he walked down the hall. Damn. Any better and he’d have forgotten everything and started actively plundering that honey-tasting mouth.
Even though they nodded with varying degrees of understanding, he couldn’t help himself. “You’ve only got one mom. One day she’s gonna be as old as Miss Edith around the corner and she’ll need more than a cane to get around if she keeps doing this sort of stuff while she’s young.”
“Look--”
“More like Lord of the Flies.”
“Liquor?! Oh my God. Sorry God.” She looked upward and then back at him. “Why do we have all that? You can’t drink all of it.”
“My taste don’t run to little squirts like you.”
Dean tries to follow through on Crowley's stupid blackmail exchange.
Dean stopped and did a double-take, rather offended. He kept Benny’s beat and didn’t hit one wrong note. He’d have pointed that out, but instead just trudged to the back. He didn’t want to hear any truth’s right now. Truth was not working for him at all.
I am not sure how to respond to reviews without bumping up my review count. :/ But I do read them and if anyone knows how to do so, I shall be more than happy to drop a note toeveryone, cause you all ROCK!!!!!
It was just some guy. He was a few steps above Sam, so hard to gauge his height. The most notable two things from the side were his messy black hair and very straight posture. He was wearing snug faded grey jeans and an oversized white hoodie with some tribal design on the back he couldn't quite make out.
Cas blinked and went back to staring at his beer. “I think so.”
Dean missed his mouth with the end of the burger. It smeared along the side of his cheek and he quickly wiped it off, searching for another napkin.
don’t think John needs it. So what do you think about the ceiling? We painted it, but is it fine for Casino Night?” She was bad at changing the subject. Probably made a horrible liar too.
“Shit, god, yes,” Dean hissed before catching Cas’s mouth and doing his best to taste every part as his own hands dropped between them. His hands were trembling enough that it took two tries to unbutton the other guy’s jeans.
Yes, there would be prizes and chips. No it wasn’t technically against the law, the buy-in would be at the door and they’d be entered into a raffle. Fifteen dollars for the chips, and they’d be entered into the raffle no matter what.
He didn’t dare ask if Benny saw Sam to not give away the fact he hadn’t, in fact, spoke to him at all. But when Benny wasn’t looking Dean crept to the curtain and parted it with his thumb to peek through.
Dean looked dolefully at Sam, wishing he hadn’t taken a seat by the window. He was trapped. “So, Monster Apocalypse?”
“Didn’t think I’d catch you?” He pointed at her, swaying a little. “All those flirty texts you’ve been sending me saying you’d meet me on Friday and Saturday, and you’re fucking some other guy?”
“Here’s my number.” He held out a plain white card to her with hastily scribbled information. “So we don’t have to talk through email anymore.”
“Samuel,” he barked once his brother picked up. He opened the car door and slid in, depositing his bag on the passenger's seat. “Are you out of your friggin gourd? I can't pose as a goddamn Minister.”
“I’m not that far from home and this is a great college to get my undergraduate.”
“No. It’s designed to give you reasonable anonymity.”
It was absolutely wrong. But desire had already left his other hand clenched tightly on his thigh.
Sam jumped up, turning a bit pink.
Sam was right in the way Dean was on this case now and he’d never turned tail and ran from an awkward or difficult situation. What he needed was something in his growling stomach and a good sleep on the wide bed with a handmade quilt.
If Dean had ever thought he’d feel weird about this, it never happened. Not as he cupped another man’s erection, not while pushing the flaps aside and tugging the jeans down just enough so he could cup the heavy weight between Cas’s legs.
Gus nodded, holding his cup and looking genuinely interested.
“You are tonight. Go get something hard, bring me one too.”
Oh, I love your guys' reviews for the first chapter, they were full of blasphemy and wickedness... And I. Love. It. XD
Blue Eyes nodded solemnly, his gaze directed back to him. “Hello, Dean.”
This close to each other, Cas opened his eyes and gazed right at him. “You’re not broken.”
“I’d throw up in your mouth first.”
“You said yourself she would never be in the library. Besides, I’m in there all the time and I’ve never seen her.”
He didn’t get to add anything before the All-Seeing Eyes of Sam fixed on him like friggin’ lasers. “Just checking the time.” Dean lied smoothly. “Hey look, Castiel is back.”
“I’d appreciate that, thanks.” Dean breathed in the wonderful aroma of coffee brewing. “Do you have any extra of those Casino posters? Charlie said she’d drop some off with you.”
“Taken is such a simple term, don’t you think Cas? My brother’s good with words, not me. Stolen, ripped, wrestled to the ground and stabbed until there was blood in my mouth. Blood everywhere.”
He shook his perpetually mussed head regretfully. “I am afraid I’m not used to such strong flavors. While what I’ve had very good, if I continue I may make a spectacle of myself.”
“How would you counsel me?”
“Does he?” She shared a knowing look with Abbie. “Don’t worry, Pastor, we’ll get the word out.” The way her mascara thick lashes coursed over him, he was sure they’d be talking about a lot more than the event.
Dean shifted his weight uncomfortably, halfway wishing he hadn’t brought it up now. “I’m sorry.”
Almost immediately his phone buzzed. It was a simple ‘Here is mine.’
Rebecca just looked surprised and happy. “Of course he does, he’s a wonderful boy.”
Wasn’t Cas jealous?! Didn’t he care this arrogant jerk was hitting on Sam? Before Dean could shake off the firm grip, Gabe opened the door.
Cas traced a finger along the top of his empty shot glass, the movement light and somewhat hypnotic. “I have a bottle back at my place.”
The bright yellow was easy to see and he placed the flyers on steps and wedged at the opening of fences whenever someone didn’t answer the door. The fourth house, however, flew open the second his knuckles grazed the wood. Two young women opened the door, both dark haired beauties who undoubtedly were the belles of the town. They certainly held themselves in a way to suggest put-upon sophistication.
“I don’t care, it’s all water under the bridge now. Some people just aren’t ever going to come around.”
Another long silence was his reply, so Dean resumed getting the pipes off without stripping the threads. He’d just take them down to the hardware store and see about replacing these for now.
Her eyes lit up as she cracked her gum, giving him a good look over. “Is this your first time, darlin’?”
.” Hey, he figured if regular Dean noticed Cas was well put-together, gay Dean would find him drool-worthy. “Seriously, he could be reading from an even more boring book and I’d be mesmerized.”
“What?” Benny asked, looking at him with understandable wariness.
“Hey Cas.”
“I like watching your face when you’re getting hot.”
By the time Purgatory is playing their first set, Not Evil Enough, the place is filling nicely and the music was pumping in his blood. He sang and growled, moving as body as his fingers quickly and moved deliberately.
“You're a guest speaker for two weeks, you'll live somehow.” Sam’s infamous eye roll could be heard through the phone somehow. “You've always said it's all bullshit, and if there's one thing I know you're good at, it's bullshit.”
Cas was hard to get a read on, who knew if he was even into guys?
“Yes?”
“The Corrs, seriously? What is this!”
“Yeah, we always have at least five different types at potlucks.”
Cas turned his head to stare back at Dean. It left them very close, but it wasn’t as if their mouths lined up. He would have to tilt his head down to brush Dean’s lips.
“Oh yeah he does,” Dean ground out. How could Sam not notice the way the guy was scamming on him? He knew what it looked like, damnit. “Guys like that only want one thing. You need to go for someone who is quiet and nice and respects you.” He tried so hard not to glance at Cas.
I know, another priest story, but the idea was so well-liked! More on the summary later.
Okay, it’d be a lie to say that it was kinda arousing watching Cas’s throat move as he took a gulp. He did cough shortly, blinking several times at the burn.
The End!
Dean slouched in the booth, tapping away with one hand. She had a brother? Okay, maybe Sam had a point with all his questions, he really didn’t know anything about her.
“No buts.” He put an arm around her shoulder. “This town has a fine tradition of moonshine, you know, fighting against the Prohibition. We’re celebrating the spirit of progress and I don’t think there’s a better way than to get people’s mouth hot, cool it off with alcohol, and have a great time.”
He had his moments of jealousy, working and living in Lebanon and freaking out about Cas finding someone new. But he called Cas on the way to gigs if the van wasn’t too loud, and Cas called him after he finished studying for the night.
Castiel wasn’t going to hound a new penitent for information he wouldn’t have.
He desperately tried to gather his thoughts. “Intent matters, even to the Lord. It is my normally my duty to offer counsel.” He couldn’t help the intake of air when Dean grazed his teeth along the skin and plied it with the flat of his tongue.
“You wanted me to give you Absolution?” He deliberately nudged aside the most obvious meaning there. Sometimes confessions contained subtle propositions, usually starting with speaking of unnatural desire or lust.
That was Grace’s fault. But now that Charlie knew who Bella was, she affected a look of sadness. It was in her blood to navigate the shallow waters of egotistical women. “Thank you so much for saying that. It’s been really hard these past several weeks.”
He ducked under the silky looking rope cutting the audience from the family, boldly sitting in a fairly populated area.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered as he went through the tiny rented rooms to pick up. He did tend to lay waste to any place he was staying longer than a night, but rarely did he have someone break-in. Crowley had unnerved him more than he let on, who knows how long he had been there?
“No, no,” he reassured, “I was simply inhaling the smell of coffee. Go ahead and ask, I’m an open book.” He smiled as he sipped the hot liquid. Which, in retrospect, was a dumb idea.
Even though he should’ve been expecting it, the warm brush of fingers against his sent a shock up his arm. As said though, nothing more was done than pet the back of his hand slowly.
He could never know Dean tasted his soon-to-be boyfriend. Cause Sam deserved someone like that, he deserved to be the first to lick the inside of that hot mouth and teach him how to moan like he did in the restaurant.
Benny shook his head and gave him a look, but didn’t say anything.
Sam looked over his shoulder at his brother, raising an eyebrow as he set both black duffel bags on the large sofa in the living room. “What?”
Now that was what he wanted after a good meal. Along with cracking open a cold beer, ogling a fine ass, and waiting to romp around a bed to burn off the well-earned calories.
“Paper. Got to save the planet you know.”
Maybe he should get some sleep, the beer was going right to his head. He texted her good night and thought of all the dirty things he'd send her tomorrow since she seemed so into it.
Despite the fact this reminded him of a porno he watched once, he held out two flyers. “I’ll take a raincheck on that drink. However, I am going to be a judge at the cook-off and would love to take a taste of your...chili.”
“So in all that fundraising, did you guys talk about what causes grease fires and alternatives ways to handle it?”
It was the type of place Cas could live in comfortably.
“What are you thinking?” She sounded intrigued and enthusiastic.
“Gotcha.” Waitress grinned at them and sauntered off, swaying her hips a little extra in satisfaction.
He stood up, catching his balance before he went right back on the couch. “Hey, only family and friends back here man.”
The guy gave them both a wounded look and practically ran off. The group had moved on without them, but he didn’t go their way either.
tightly as months of gearing himself up came in handy.
“You have really blue eyes. Can you look at the screen?” Now his voice dropped low again.
late to pull him out of hell. He’d spent more time here than living; sometimes he forgot his own name and that he ever was a human. Before Dean was just playing around, but now it was getting personal.
Charlie came bounding up, slowing when she saw Cas. She didn’t look quite as if she knew what to think. Good girl took it in stride admirably though. “Oh, Father Castiel. It’s such an honor to see you here.”
Sam showed up with him, even though they were super early.
Okay, that was most definitely not tomato sauce. The strong taste of red chili peppers filled his mouth, potent and somehow inescapable as he took several gulps of his now empty glass. Some saint refilled it while he jotted down some numbers while Crowley and Conner wrote a goddamn essay. 7, 6, 4, 4, 8; 29.
“Here.” Castiel got himself under control and slid the paper through quickly.
Dean climbed over one person and nearly missed another in his haste. “Hey, I’m sorry. I’m an ass. At any point, at all, have you liked Cas? Like in a dating way?”
“Mm hmm.” Dean tried to inconspicuously peer past him to see if there were any hints or proof that a young boy might live here.
“Did you notice that others would touch their forehead, sternum, then the left and right shoulder?”
“Yes. My dad used to do so as well, I learned at a very young age. Once I was older, I was helping my siblings whenever their car broke down or needed maintenance.”
“Thank you. I don’t want to take attention from either the cooks nor the judges though.” He never looked away from Dean, head tilted with a curiously unreadable expression.
Huh. That explained why perv called him that.
“That is an interesting idea. However, I have taken a vow of poverty.”
Instead of continuing to stroke at the bared cock, he popped his jeans open with a thumb to free his own.
He didn’t say anything. He had actually held the hand of people as they struggled through the unburdening, but this wasn’t one of those cases.
She stopped and looked at him, lips parting in surprise. “For what?” It was the first stupid thing he ever heard her say.
What?
The waitress settled a tray next to them with a toothy smile, plopping down Sam’s weird food first, then Dean’s massive honkin’ burger. With aplomb.
“Sure, Father.” He just remembered he pulled out all the wrenches to make dirty inferences. “Can you hand me the six inch again?” It was set in his hand and he went to work. “Thanks. Do you care if I just call you Cas though? I feel weird saying Father, cause mine’s dead. Same goes for being called my son.” It was so condescending too, especially from a man who literally could not be his father.
“Yes. Normally you would tell me the last time you have confessed, but that will be done next time. But you can tell me what your sin was and how often it has happened. If you can’t remember the exact number, say several or many times over the number of years it happened. But in the future, be exact.”
“Eight.” He stared at her and sighed. Well, at least he wouldn’t get stage fright. “All right, I’m going to look around and make a list of items I’ll need. You hit up the flock, then the store. I’m going to bed, wherever that is.”
Until the door opened. “Hey, I saw the others leave.” Sam smiled, because Sam didn’t suspect that Dean was a...a boyfriend stealer. Or at least kisser. Besmircher, in Sam words. His brother saw the bottles in both of his hands. “Is this a bad time?”
,” she hissed, shooting him a look.
He squinted at the bottle and then Dean. “I’ve never heard that.”
he wanted to discuss further. Castiel frowned at him, but it didn’t seem to make much of an impression.
Rebecca looked puzzled and Charles started to frown, but Dean only gestured them impatiently and walked confidently through the crowd until he reached Cas.
“Maybe when you move?” her friend said encouragingly. She hadn’t like the idea of her bestie moving so far, but admitted that if it made Charlie happy, she’d be happy.
And Dean made himself not clench the hand in his
Dean spent the rest of the morning changing out wires for Edith, though his questions about new people moving into town wasn’t successful. Of course Dean came along and everyone knew his business, but not a dad and a little boy.
Cas’s hand tightened around both of them as his movement stuttered as well, liquid heat splattered and soaking into both their skin and jeans. But it didn’t matter, because that was the...the most amazing, toe-curling orgasm he ever had and this could technically be only considered third base. Imagine if he got him in a bed with all the time in the world.
Cassie just looked flat-out horrified, to his eyes. “Dean, what are you even doing here?”
There was no point in pretending he didn’t know who Sam was talking about. “Which her?”
Also, yanno, feel free to drop thoughts or comments, whathaveyou. :D
“So why aren’t you staying with Castiel?” Sam watched Dean plop down his black duffel bag next to the empty bed.
He didn’t mean to think that quite so bitterly.
Well, now Dean saw where Cas got his oblivious nature. She didn’t seem to understand his pointed comments.
Cas reached up to touch his collar before dropping his hand and lifting the bottle.
Sam sat on his bed and pulled out his phone with a contemplative look.
A memory came up of last Sunday Mass, on that Father Gabriel led. In the back had sat several new people. On the right was an older man, which he doubted was sitting beside him now.
If that wasn’t a gauntlet thrown down Dean didn’t know what was, and he never backed down from a fight.
When they finally backed up and slunk away, he turned to face the angel. Keeping the blade handy, even though it was as effective as holding a limp dick.
Dean waved once to her and walked back to around the corner. He wasn’t dumb enough to think he just changed their whole lives, but maybe it’d come up again in their kid brains sometimes between candy and video games. Everyone needed a reminder that the people around them needed help.
The in-law suite had furniture and nice, but old, dinnerware in the kitchen cupboards. She showed him around, dropped the key in his palm, and thanked warmly him for being there.
The building was clearly a church once upon a time, maybe when the settlers were still taking shits in the woods while wearing coonskin hats. Someone had painted it recently and hacked a rough path through the maze of rosebushes, so there was that.
Dean would’ve stuck his tongue out at Sam with food, but it was so full he was sure to lose some. And he wasn’t going to waste one crumb.
He pulled up to a neat tiny real estate office sandwiched between a kitschy Ann’s Collectibles and a greasy Main Street Nook. When he climbed out of his car a redheaded woman burst out of the office waving at him. She had eyes as light green as his own and a radiant smile.
“At-TEN-tion!” Dean barked, catching exactly that. Two boys’ arrested face and the shocked face of one mother.
The voice returned to its normal low level. “Because you’re real, Cas. I crave another actual person to look at me, so that I know I’m real.”
Dean stood up, trying to see around the crowd. Unable to see anything he ventured closer, stepping between the many bodies until he reached the inner circle. He wasn’t sure how Crowley knew, but the man was right.
“Dean. I want us to speak more in confessional,” he started firmly.
“There seems to be a problem down here.” The man said gravely in a voice that was as deep and gravelly as a lifelong lounge singer smoker.
Though he couldn’t move his arms, or his legs, Cas leaned his head forward to bump softly against Dean’s as he moved. “Then why aren’t you hurting me?”
“The beer cans.” Dean explained, as if it should make perfect sense. “You’re in a frat house. Where’s the panties, the empty keggers, the groggy drunk chicks doin’ their walk of shame?” It was seven in the morning, maybe everyone was still passed out on a Friday morning.
Cas was in the middle of the eager crowd, speaking quietly to those close enough to him. When his intent blue eyes turned to him, the chatter around seemed to die as if someone hit the mute button.
Castiel stood up and carried his plate to the sink. “Thank you for lunch. I do have to go now,” he said politely, neutrally. He rinsed the plate and turned around.
The other man packed the food in two brown bags and took the crumpled twenty from Dean. He handed him back two dollars and change and said nothing when Dean picked up his bags and his beer.
“I’m sorry, he’s always like this.” Sam apologized to his friend.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, trying to look past skinny brat.
“He gets weird when I come around.” Dean barely realized he is completely invading the guy’s personal space, but there was no reaction so it must be fine. He’d had his arm around his shoulder a bunch, but it felt different facing him.
The small space felt stifling. Castiel could only hear himself and the slow breaths of the person next to him. “I have a follow up question,” he said slowly.
And Cas was back to looking surprised, but it was marked with a tender furrow of his brow. “Are you sure? You don’t have to make any promises.”
Scowling, Dean sat on the other side of where the disturbing man did and stared at the ceiling. This job had given him more trouble than any before. He did call Sam, even though he was much less enthused about relating the news than before. He didn’t know the furniture store, but Sam was good at finding out those types of things.
“I did. I think you'd enjoy
“You must be the other judge.”
Son of a bitch.
Knowing he’d either see or call Benny the next day, he drove back home and was patting for his keys when he noticed a light was on in his living room.
There was a reason why he hit up almost every Food Challenge restaurant nearby while on the road. A young man just had a big appetite for all things. That brought his thoughts back around to certain careers where a man wasn’t allowed to have an appetite for anything good in the world.
There was a reason her apartment was as far as she could reasonably move.
Ruby gasped in faux-censor. “Abbie, this is a church event.”
The priest seemed to grow aware of the stares, gaze going from the crowd to Dean and the bottle. He set down his spoon of his barely touched chili and nodded. “Actually, the church does not condemn all imbibing of wine or other strong libations. Moderation is key, but I believe one or two bottles is acceptable.”
“Why don’t we let Cas pick?” Dean said generously. It was fair, Cas seemed like he’d be the dominant one in the relationship. He was quiet, but not weak. He exuded this air of surety and self-confidence that wasn’t arrogance. It was just...there.
“So, Sasquatch, you were saying that you work out on Thursdays? Cause I’m thinking I could use a squat partner.”
“I am sorry,” came the gravelly voice behind him. “I'm afraid I didn't know that.”
Thank you for prodding at me to continue! My summer has just come to an end, so I'll have more time! Well... I'll make more time anyway. Enjoy!
“Then drink some friggin’ milk princess, I’m getting a free burger.” Dean said as he pushed open the glass door to the place.
The nearly rough cheek of Cas pressed against his. “This time, I’ll be with you.”
Then his vision cleared and the angel was wearing a meatsuit, or at least appeared to. It had messy dark hair that looked finger-fucked, vivid blue eyes that focused straight on him.
“Right on, you're a champ at swallowing.” Dean winked and gently clicked the bottom of his bottle against the bottom of Cas’s in a toast.
Then he placed Castiel’s hand back on the wood ledge of the barrier and stopped touching him altogether.
The pews looked old but sturdy, the square windows on each side let in plenty of light. At the front was an old podium tucked into a full length bay window. Everything was painted white except the wood furniture. He had to admit, he feared worse from the jungle outside.
Dean seriously considered heading all the way back to Minnesota and dragging his tall ass brother to Kansas by his long hair. “It's not just any bullshit, Sam. They got codes and books and special handshakes.”
“Yeah?”
A loud knocking interrupted his cleaning of dishes. He looked skyward, hoping against hope it wasn’t Crowley again. The man made his skin crawl, not with fear but disgust. Little men in little places who thought they knew what power was.
Gus grunted in the affirmative as he pulled out a key ring the size of a small child’s head and squinted at the numerous keys. Finally inserting the right one into the lock, he opened the door and didn’t say anything as Dean followed him through the door in the back.
Despite his most certainly temporary place in town, Dean bristled at the request. Charlie never mentioned an old man in her recitation of his flock. “Why?”
Both made noises of polite assent, and Charlie's shoulder burned after with the imprint of being squeezed by her blood-red talons before they were alone again.
“Oh. I didn’t know…” She trailed off and tried to salvage her gross lack of knowledge about her own son’s life. “That’s nice to hear. It seems like yew two are very serious.” She had a slight accent.
It was a short drive up to the tall church, which was even more grand once he was standing on its steps. Reminding himself that one, he was not intimidated, and second, there was no danger of lightning hitting him, he walked up to the huge double doors and opened it.
“I suppose I could, but…”
Sam was just sitting, but paused and looked up at Dean. A hopeful, but cautious, light entered his eyes. “Hey.”
Dean eyed Sam. “You didn’t tell me Cassie was on Team Angel.”
That meant
“I am absolutely not worried.” Dean shook his head with an amused eye roll. He set up a time to meet at their, well, her church that evening to see what could be done about the plumbing.
“No, not that I can remember. I never thought to ask my parents if they used to believe in all this.”
“Come on Castiel, tell him hanging around here is killin’ my game.”
“It’s chili.”
At an acceptable level he held it back out to Dean abruptly. “Why does one have to drink enough to lower the level past the label?”
Dean takes it upon himself to give Cas advice how to woo Sam.
“No, it’s a community event,” Dean said quickly. “No affiliations necessary to show up. That sounds great, have your grandfather bring whatever he’s willing to offer as samples and handouts. Does he know anyone with a microbrewery?”
He knew she didn’t mean that, but there was something to be said about accidental teasing… He bit his lip, the memory of large fingers curled on his collarbone rising up. No, concentrate. Think of soft boobs and plump asses. Girl asses, not ones clad in jeans belonging to blue-eyed guys that belonged to someone else.
“I--no, I don’t believe so.”
“Naw.” He just had two monster burgers with fried eggs on each in concession to it technically being breakfast. He would’ve paid more attention but they were sitting with two of the frat brothers. And the conversation was boring. Something about a competition. If it wasn’t volleyball with some sisters in shorty shorts, he wasn’t interested.
Dean left his copies of Big Booty Latinas in the trunk anyway.
Edith gazed skyward with her lips pursed, see, old schoolmarm. “No. We just changed the lightbulbs.”
Her mother had declared it feminine, fit for a lady.
“You’re the best.” She took the seat across from her, pausing at the sight of a bright green purse next to the food. “Who’d you invite, Rita Skeeter?”
But after three days of talking to Cas on the phone regularly, he was starting to think maybe it was time for another road trip.
Burning rubber down a lonely stretch of road, he drummed his fingers and sang, “
“Why? It is a biological function in response to friction.” Castiel sounded as puzzled as if Dean was squeezing his heart and admiring the beat. Which Dean had done to others before.
“I’m stuck here until the dust settles.” Maybe literally, if they decided on cremation.
It took at least two shots to not punch his friend in the arm every time. Cas drank the shots as they were ordered with a funny air of determination, but Sam was obviously reluctant even though he had four pieces of pizza.
There was literally a throng of nerds, hot chicks, and some frankly flirty guys too hanging around him all night. Buying him mocktails and the occasional beer. By the end of the night he walked Cas to his dorm, but went home cause Sam.
“Hey,” Dean laughed, “what can I say? I know what I want. I let people know right away so if they want to throw themselves at me, they know it’s safe. If they don’t want to…” He shrugged with a negligent air.
Cas also had a score of siblings, most older. He was used to doing things on his own. Seriously, Cas very rarely shared any stories of his past that involved his parents.
The other guys all clearly liked Cas, talking to him eagerly and one handed him a huge remote control. When the coordinator came around to call groups away, Cas tagged along with
It wasn’t until house five-billion that a young man with dark hair answered the door. Brown eyes, just a few inches shorter than Dean. He matched the description. Of course, he wasn’t the first guy to match the quite average description...no way to check if he had a tattoo on his upper back without somehow getting his shirt off, and even Dean wasn’t that good.
“He’s not exactly my type,” Jo said weakly. That much was true. Nick was a lovely boy, but he was immature and had a bad habit of agreeing with everything people said. It was an awful trait he always seemed to attract the most entitled, demanding women with expensive tastes.
In response his touch took another route, sliding down the whole skin of Castiel’s stomach, pushing away the sopping remains of the shirt that slapped wetly against his hands.
“Miss Independent? No. This is like some shitty junior high homecoming dance and I hate this place already.”
That earned him a dirty look. Dean shrugged. “What can I say? It’s hard to understand a girl when her mouth is wrapped around--”
Dean rubbed his face with one hand, putting aside one of the beers. “No. This was pretty much all my fault.” He stood up, almost fell, but managed to stay steady long enough to make his way to the bathroom to relieve some of the pressure from drinking four, five...six? beers. No, Scott brought one after that and bitch brought two...counting was hard.
What, World War 1? he did not ask as he followed her. She pointed a gnarled hand at a narrow door. “There.”
He wouldn’t say it slow and hesitant like that if the person wasn’t present. Score one for operation Get Sam a Date. “You know...” Dean angled his beer up and eyed the other bottles.
He ignored that as he buttoned up his pants and pushed the door open. The noise and heat assaulted him from every direction, and at one point he was sure he saw Sam’s concerned face and his lips moving.
“I believe I could make it at six-thirty, thank you Ms. Grayson.”
Dean waved off the reaction and waited for Castiel to stand up, the jeans molding to the strong thighs, and leave. Molded to his ass too. Dean tore his eyes away a little late for Sam to not have noticed. Fuck.
“Oh! Well, I’ve been running things, building up our little community, but I’m not a leader. What we need is a leader.” Charlie looked up at him with bright eyes filled with hope and he felt like shit.
Another yell, a word forming at the end. “Mom!”
Castiel shook his head. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Fine, bitch, you can sit in the back. But I’m Cas’s family.” Dean ignored Sam’s hurt face, kinda annoyed that he wasn’t going to chair-crash with him. Dean even made sure to thank his frat brother, Terrence, for holding the seat he could, but it wouldn’t be necessary anymore.
“Sure.” Liking it a lot more than lunch.
Edith folded both hands on her cane. “It’s fine, Father Novak. A servant of the Lord has his mind on other things.” One papery hand rose as her eyes flew to Dean. “Not that one can’t…”
The kid’s cheeks turned very pink and his voice cracked. “Excuse me, those are the rules. Don’t make me call security!” He seemed to puff out his chest when a few guys with cameras the size of a small house turned his way.
And what was worse, Benny had no idea who the guy was that came into the shop he worked part-time at. And Dean couldn’t ask the guy to maybe look at some receipts for him.
Dean noted that wasn’t quite an answer, but he did pull back the reins a bit. He didn’t want to alienate both priests, despite his earlier actions. “That’s cool. I think it’s good to see what the kids are watching. You know, see what they’re exposed to.”
“Uhm.. nothing.”
He pounded another beer before it was time to go on stage.
That meant he only had the one left since he saw no yellow sign, a stately brick three-level home.
“Uh, I guess.” Dean jiggled his heel, knee bouncing repetitively. “Are you looking forward to graduating?”
So Dean found himself in Middlepoint Park early on Sunday, setting up tables and taping down paper banners Charlie made up at some point. She really was like a human dynamo, he wouldn’t know how to do half this stuff. Nor want to.
Dean watched Cas go to town as he distractedly took a bite of the edge of his own burger. Cas really took that advice to heart; the sides of his mouth were shiny where his tongue couldn’t reach it. He kept tracing his bottom lip and dipping in the corners of his mouth to catch all the flavor and why wasn’t Sam watching?! You could make the beginning of a porno out of this.
forgive me?”
It was a part of sacrament, and that made it part of his duties. “I understand. Did you cross yourself beginning?”
Casino Night is here!
“Hey Sam, if you want to invite Cas over while I’m here, that’s cool with me.” Openly, he silently said, instead of pretending they just ran into him. Dean was not born yesterday, he was far more perceptive than people realized.
Dean spoke low and conversational, certain words slightly garbled as his tongue and teeth brushed around the tips of Castiel’s fingers.
“Yeah, I noticed. We all noticed.”
Charlie still had the same dopey smile as she shrugged. “It’s not a sin in our religion. I think it’s a bit unnatural anyway, asking any person to forego earthly pleasures. As long as one respects their body and that of their partner, it’s a beautiful Godly thing.”
“But I had you watch---never mind. Um, it’s fine. Thanks for grabbing lunch. I’ll get it next time.”
Jo looked confused, but before she could open her mouth to ask Charlie kicked her under the table.
“Fifteen minutes.”
Dean is really looking forward to seeing Cassie at his show.
Fuck. The package Sam was sending wouldn’t be here for at least another day, depending if he splurged for Express. “What, no faith in a man of faith?”
Charlie looked around, worrying at the corner of her bottom lip. “Well, I guess we don’t need three judges, but if we have a tie..”
Oh! Dean slid out of the seat, brushing his shoulder against Cas’s chest accidentally. Cas closed both doors before Dean could yank his side shut.
Cas shrugged. “We’re all adults. Life is too short to get angry over the choices of others.”
Cas slanted a look at Dean, that familiar twitch lifting the corner of his mouth. “I have had ceremonial wine before.”
“Wear white and get it all wet when you’ve spotted a hole you want to fill. We get it, you have nipples.”
“At a church event?”
“I’ll get two cups.”
Clearly dude thought he’d get to have Sam all to himself. Dean had pity on the poor guy, he just had this look about him. “Take a seat. Don’t mind him, he’s just overprotective. If he didn’t like you, he wouldn’t have invited you.”
He enveloped both fingers in his mouth, tongue darting in between and swirling around slowly. “I like the taste of you. Clean.”
Dean watched the other man go.
“Pfft, okay Dean. You can barely stand.” To demonstrate his point, Sam pushed a finger into Dean’s chest and sent him right back on the couch.
Or the next night.
“Then give me your keys so I can be sure you won't drive.”
Sam ignored the question. “When’s your first gig, anyway?”
She stopped laughing. Immediately, she began to pick at a nonexistent loose thread on her sleeve. “I think he has his own recipes.”
“Good thing we're having meatloaf and not soup,” Dean said with raised eyebrows. To his great surprise, he heard a collection of sounds that could be a chuckle. But that couldn’t be right.
Yes, it would be at the church. No, it was not still covered with thorny vines. The flowers did bloom, they were beautiful.
Her eyes got big and her smile grew. “You’re blushing!”
“Me too. I’ll drop the tools off at the church later. What have you tried as far as raising money?”
“The address is on the sheet, right?” He held it up with a bit of a smirk.
I’m not!” Dean pushed a finger inside Cas with most of the moisture rubbed off in punishment.
It was time for a stakeout.
“Is that Sugar, Sugar?”
Since he didn’t see any streets without yellow flyers the next stop was his car to transport the tools. “I’m heading up to the church now. I was gonna ask though, what’s up with that big brick house of Fifth Street. Um, had a boy about eleven…”
Hmm, that was a good question. “The question is, how bold do you want to be?”
“Oh! You’re Miss Stella's daughter.” Suddenly Bella reached over and patted her hand, the nails clacking on the table. “I’m so sorry about your mother. I remember seeing you in the picture frames around her bed.”
Cas finally took a seat, fingers wrapping around the base of the beer but not lifting it. Dean introduced him to Benny and waited for all the greetings to go around the table. Neither Sam nor Cas were drinking.
Uncertainty took big chomps out of him.
“That’s my man,” Dean grinned. See? Cas was taking the hint! He was great at matchmaking, it was practically in the bag.
Somehow her eyes got bigger as she blinked twice. “You are, now.”
Crowley had already tucked in and was writing on the first scorecard in wide block letters.  ‘A dull color with not much variation 4. A hearty aroma that whets the appetite, if lacking in spice 7. On the thick side, high meat ratio 5. As suspected, the ground beef overpowers the peppers 3. No lingering heat 3. Total 22.’
A leggy blonde turned, the laughter on her face freezing once she saw him. And her hand was on some guy’s arm.
Dean carefully ran the cheap safety razor along his jaw, removing three days worth of of stubble. Underneath was tan skin and a dusting of freckles, both caused from constantly being outdoors.
Apparently the process was going to be that any person could have a bowl of chili while they chatted with their neighbors and returned their scorecard after. The Judges would be receiving numbered bowls and writing down their thoughts without knowing who it belonged to.
In fact, he’d make sure Sam knew for sure that Dean accepted and liked Castiel. He kept throwing his arm around the guy, making sure Castiel was included no matter how many groupies came up and cast eyes at Dean.
Dean frowned. He knew Cas hadn’t dated in high school or in college, which made Dean incredibly nervous about what that said about Cas's experience, but shouldn’t parents just know this stuff?
But in the back of her mind, Bella's careless comment nagged at her.
“Get lost on the way to Heaven?”
“He was all over you!”
Dean laughed, a low throaty sound, leaning back. "The point is, making food is like making love. If you’re doin’ it with someone, you want to hear some feedback."
He could hear wet, dirty sounds as Cas moved his fist up and down experimentally.
Because working in silence wasn’t Dean’s style, he found this ancient pink radio and dusted it off and plugged it in. The thing worked, which was amazing, but he was still stuck with mostly crackle and the dullest stations. He felt like he was trapped in Footloose or something.
Stately on the outside, resplendent on the inside. Handwoven rugs in every room, each costing more than the last. Not one item out of place, as the children who once grew up there were still too afraid to touch anything.
“You’re really determined to get the word out there, aren’t ya?”
Dean was damn proud of himself for that idea.
“Yes. Use your right hand.” Castiel did have to wonder how long this confession would take. If the man had no idea what was going on, it could be a while.
Dean grated a sigh and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. “The chili was licking at my brain like the hounds of hell. I thought I was gonna die.”
He licked his own fingers instead of jamming them into the other mouth like normal. Once he made a show out of slurping and sucking to make them nice and wet, he reached between them and explored the smooth stretch of skin just under the sac. “Isn’t it wrong to let a demon touch you like this?”
This was the song he really got to sing in Benny’s pauses, their voices overlapping perfectly, even better than practice. Dean was sweating and flying and he loved this part where the music throbbed down to his bones. He kept glancing near the door, but that damn white kept catching his attention. The eye is naturally drawn to light colors, he seems to remember his obnoxiously smart brother pointing out when looking at album covers.
“This slot is neat. It’s pretty big too.” Dean opened the door, closed it, and opened it again.
, that wasn’t good.
(See the end of the chapter for
But when Dean saw Castiel, his heart felt heavy and full.
Dean didn’t even look at the menu, he didn’t need no stinkin’ menu. “I’ll have a Pepsi and that huge ass burger for free.” He grinned cockily, they’d never seen anyone destroy meat the way he was about to.
He drained the last of the water. “Thanks for the drink. I’ll see you?” He barely glanced at Cas as he walked past him, skin buzzing where they almost brushed. He almost got out the door without any mishap, almost.
His footsteps paused, then resumed until the door shut with a loud click.
He was a man of action. He needed action in all the worst sort of ways.
“Yep. Sounds great.” He grabbed a list he wrote on a scrap of paper since he was heading up to the hardware store anyway. “I’ll grab a shower after I get this all finished with. Six okay?”
Not that Dean had real bones here in Hell. He was just a construct, a broken soul, a twisted and evil thing that was never without a blade in his right hand. Because he was never going on that rack again.
“Oh, I’ll definitely be needing one.” Dean felt pretty good about that. Whoever tagged an overnight guest first got dibs on privacy. Whoever was left had to hope the chick was up to taking a member of the band home, and they weren’t quite big enough to always pull that off. One day.
But Sam was shaking his head, still chuckling. “I don’t know if you’re going to remember this tomorrow, but you’re hilarious.”
“Oh my goodness, look at the time!” Bella checked her watch and stood up, making an apologetic moue with her mouth. “But I had the loveliest lunch with you two, we should do it more often.”
“Two.” Sam smiled at the passing waitress.
“I would like that. A home-cooked meal sounds great. Just nothing spicy, please.” Even if he couldn’t do anything about it, he could be flattered by her shyness.
“You are marriage material, no lie.” Dean nudged Sam under the table. His little brother definitely needed someone around who wouldn't balk at getting a dab of grease on his skin.
A twitch lifted the corner of her mouth, that warm smile peeking out again. “That you’re gay too.”
On the drive to the event center, the very same one he went with Cas and Sam to, he thought about seeing Cassie again. Bet her dumb boyfriend was the only reason she was on that stupid team.
Dean sat in the backseat of his Impala alone, trying to glare holes into Sam while the bastard drove. He couldn’t believe it, it was barely even midnight! If he needed a dad...well, that time had long since came and gone. Dean even had to insist Cast sit up front with Sam, not that he’d blame him for being put out with his brother.
How Dean knew what the creature was, he couldn’t say. He didn’t even believe in angels. But that didn’t stop him from rushing the creature and plunging his knife into its chest.
“That was amazing!” Sam gushed, almost giving him a hug but pausing at the wet shirt and his odd stance. “Did you hurt your arm?”
“Best burger in town, Charlie!”
Dean thinks he's talking to Charlie, but it is definitely not Charlie. Castiel learns a little about how size matters.
Dean loved feeling the strings under his fingers. His callouses had formed long before he ever picked up a guitar, so the new ones blended right in. He warmed up on stage, some curious eyes turning his way from the early drinkers. It wasn’t their first gig or anything, but he always got hyped up before a performance.
“Monday.”
Shoot. He rubbed his forehead. He should think it’s great news, but he kept hoping and hoping that he could be out of here by Sunday. Nothing was working out the way he wanted.
over here, BEEFEATER in the plaid jacket.”
“Enjoy your meat,” she winked.
Dean wrapped his hands around the sides and lifted, biting into the end before it could sag too much under the weight of all that delicious charbroiled meat. Unlike some places with food challenges, this tasted fucking fantastic. He moaned around it, sliding his tongue against the ridged patty even as he chewed.
Castiel felt himself color up. Worse still, his fingers twitched when the cool air hit them, as if he were beckoning.
Dean wetted his own lips before turning his head away to drain the last of his beer. “This has been a real gas, but I’ll do you a favor and try again to get Sam to leave.” He pulled away from Cas’s side and closed the distance with a few steps. He smacked Sam on the arm to get his attention away from his fellow principled nerds.
“I know your son.” Dean smiled anyway.
A quick phone call with Charlie confirmed theirs happened at ten. Dean walked back into his new living space with two receipts stuffed in his pocket and his trunk filled with boxes. He had to pick up certain items that didn’t exist twenty years ago though. He wasn't sure why he was so distracted by the priest. Maybe it was all that priest and nun porn. Some of those guys were pretty built under their cheap polyester robes.
“I can’t wait.”
A burst of sound happened behind him, and Dean caught the movement of feathers out of the corner of his eyes. Full, thick, and beautiful. But before he could crane his head to look, he felt two fingers press against his forehead.
As the house came in sight though, the Impala did as well. Dean checked the keys in his pocket, raising one eyebrow. Well, it wouldn’t be the first time for that either.
In the weird silence that followed Dean snuck his phone out. It would get even more awkward if she showed up with Sam here, but he was willing to deal with that. No message.
She started, words sputtering out. “Wh--we never dated, Dean! Pastor. We were just--I mean, we just barely knew each other anyway, once, not barely knew, it’s a small town. Anyway, what did she ask?”
His blue eyes held his before dropping just a few inches then back up. His lips were parted in hesitation. “How bold do you think I should be?”
Oh, what an excuse! Early class, early meeting, early work, it was all the same brush off. “No, I feel like this is my fault.” He shook his head at the whole situation. He was supposed to be making sure his brother had someone solid around when Dean had to go back home.
A shudder wracked through her.
Dean finally hit on something interesting when he jokingly asked a member of the Men-o-Strikes if they saw many people move in at all. At the end of a five-year update on her own life she finally got to the latest move-ins. “My best friend's niece saw a young man at the furniture shop buying a mattress. I remember she commented on it because he had this little car filled with boxes. Benny probably lent him rope, he works there part time. Not many other people would hire him, though I did hear he got a nice job doing street maintenance.”
People were acting like God had just come down and placed a hand on their head. Excited smiles and relief everywhere, people breaking off from the crowd to go to tables and spread what just happened. He wasn’t sure what they’d say, but it had to come off in his favor didn’t it?
Dean helped them carry the bags they wouldn’t need that night up to the elevators and the rooms. They weren’t bad. He nodded his approval.
Jesse, if that was his name, looked up to Dean in a way that reminded him uncomfortably of Charlie when she was confiding why she chose him. Or perhaps it was the look of a child who’d been dragged across state lines?
Okay. Okay think. Why did anyone live the way they lived? “I don’t always know, man.” He shrugged. “I was raised to this. I had a choice, sure, but I just fell into it because that’s the path I was on. It’s not a bad life or anything, but sometimes I’m jealous of what other people have. A home. A family. They don’t always have to fight. I mean, I’ve seen more danger than most people ever have short of a shitty neighborhood or other life-saving careers. But that’s the thick of it, I guess, is if I can help even just one person, it’s all worth it.”
Pulling into the parking lot across from the hospital, she climbed out and breathed the fresh air as she walked toward On The Corner.
Heartbeat pounding in his ears, he froze like a trapped animal. He was very afraid the call of his faith wasn’t as strong as the call of this man.
Dean prepared himself by putting a harmless smile on, but she didn’t look like a concerned mom. She looked like a furious one, and it was all for Dean.
A part of him had worried that...perhaps he wouldn’t feel that way. That maybe his imagination had made Cas hotter than he really was, but no. Cas was just that damn hot with his electric blue eyes and sex hair and stubble.
Dean hastily shoved the bottle in his pocket out of instinct, turning to see an older man with more trimmed hair on his face than head. Soft, pouchy skin under his keen eyes, but he wore a suit and that was a first since arriving in town.
“It was at an all-boys boarding school. It was
“I could have flyers printed up today!”
It was the number one thing his father warned him against. Always be on the case, even when you’re not on the case.
While he hunt and pecked his phone number out, he thought about giving her a show after the show.
Crowley was actually smiling as he wrote. “Impressive, isn’t it?” the hateful bastard said. “Best use of habanero I’ve had in ages. Mmm, I know who I’m going to ask for a recipe from.”
“Oh, sure.” They walked to his car so Dean could give him a scrap of paper. It was a good thing he kept a pad in his car, plus he often had to take numbers on a moment’s notice. Something was throwing him off lately though, like his head wasn’t in the right place.
“They will never find your body,” Dean warned while eating onto the highway. He still had six and a half hours, and all of them were going to be spent getting his cover changed to something manageable.
“I pack light. Why don’t we talk for a bit first, I need to stretch my legs.” Much like with anything one is avoiding thinking about, he had to actively stop himself from making any rude or crude comments. It was hard.
“Curiosity.”
She climbed out of her car and waved at the blonde sitting alone at a four-seat table on the patio.
“I’m not.”
He imagined in an isolated place like this people already had their gardens long since finished and already did bake sales for the schools. Not many people made candy though, he was sure of that.
baby.”
By the time the day came around of the Monster Apocalypse, he was tired of Benny asking if he was up for the show. Of course he was up for the show, they were playing their hardest head-bangin’ rock while machines wrecked other machines. It was almost as cool as playing a Monster Truck rally, that was still on his bucket list.
Sam looked like he didn’t want to hear another word, so Dean took a seat on the bed and continued. “I don’t want him to be exhausted the day of, you know?”
“I’ve got four rules. Don’t get too drunk. Don’t break anything. No fights. And my daughter, Jo, is off-limits.”
Dean smiled at the guy’s back, then stopped. Damn, he had to get out of here.
“Oh Father,” Edith said in a sad voice. “I’m sure you’re doing your best.”
Once the priest reached the bottom of the stairs it was clear this certainly wasn’t the same Father. He was older and black. Not much older, but pushing forties at the very least. The priest had a tired air to him, dull features and hair cropped so close it could have been shaved no less than several weeks ago. “Hello.”
“Dean...those aren’t my parents.”
“I’m not into Sam.” His expression dropped back into those stoic lines, his voice utterly serious. An impressive feat with swollen, wet lips and a ragged timbre.
But where was Cassie?
Once Dean paid, and he did pay this time by snagging the check first, he debated on how to do this as they left. Should he say he had to do band stuff and leave them alone together?
He looked back at Cas, feeling a fierce amount of protectiveness as he dropped to one knee.
“Toodle-loo!” Both giggled and shut the door, probably fighting each other to get to the phone.
“You asshole!” she snapped at him before running after the fleeing loser while calling empty platitudes,
The last thing Castiel wanted to do right now was be in an open space with him right now. “I’m going to pass you several pamphlets on confession and other processes. Is that fine?”
Served her right. Dean held onto this thought as he stalked off in the other direction, looking for familiar street names. When his phone buzzed, he wasn’t sure what to expect at this point.
. Cassie Angel. His brother made it. It was his brother that night. Shit!
Dean concentrated on the alcohol table, making sure that each had its own section, the business cards they were sent with sat within easy reach. It was tempting to nab a bottle before hardly anyone got there. Picking up a squat bottle with a wide bottleneck, he read the label closely,
“They have a new item on the menu.” Charlie led in, grinning widely.
Cas took the other seat, regarding him seriously.
Sam raised an eyebrow, staring at the bag like it was gonna carry itself out with or without Dean. “Yeah...I guess. So...you two doing okay?”
Before Cas could respond, if he was going to, a door slammed from the other side of the church. “Pastor,” Charlie called, “I’m so sorry I’m late! I had an online appointment and it just lasted forever---oh.” She came around the corner and looked at Dean who was sitting on his haunches and Cas kneeling not two feet from him.
“Small towns can be difficult to navigate sometimes. Lots of twisty streets. But I bet you’ve lived here all your life, huh?”
Dean leaned in until their chests were flush, licking his lips as he hovered an inch from Castiel’s cheek. “Being this close to you makes me hot. What do you think of that, soldier-boy?”
And look how that turned out.
Pressing in and out against the thick ring of muscle, he listened to Cas groan quietly. “How come you react to this and not stabbing? Or is that not a pain sound?” He was partially curious, but that didn’t stop him from working a finger in until he could work in two.
“That’s up to you entirely. You may continue to be anonymous.” In fact, Castiel would prefer that right now. He didn’t want to know, he’d prefer to let his eye pass over whoever was in there.
After all, he had advised an innumerable amount of people. His most common solution boiled down to
That hope was dashed when a woman peered around the corner, holding a phone to the side of her head. “Oh! Oh Glen, hold on.” She practically ran down the hall.
He got his Pepsi and took a long drink while listening to them with half an ear.
going to drink all of it.” Some of it though. He’d been dry for days. “It’s for Saturday.”
Castiel found himself rubbing the beads of his rosary again, partially from nerves. “Why my forgiveness? Have you wronged me?” It was supposed to be a light-hearted comment, but Castiel remembered exactly what he said first. ‘I am about to sin’. Had they sat there so long the church might be next-to-empty?
After he was set up in Sam’s room, which certainly was not a dingy two twin bed shoebox, he pulled off his boots and checked his phone. He ignored his little brother’s knowing look.
In fact, Dean seemed further encouraged.
“Oh, no, I was just kidding!”
“Great!” Dovie said, despite looking as if she thought nothing of the kind, and inched away with a wave. “See you two then.”
“I was just checking to see if it was non-alcoholic. It is right in front of the store, after all.” Dean felt very conscious of his jeans and leather jacket over a grey button down and black undershirt. He was pretty sure that ministers didn’t dress up all the time though.
“I hate you,” he whispered as he withdrew his fingers and positioned the head with his hand. “You shouldn’t have waited. I’m broken now.” He pushed, and pushed until he was firmly gripped inside Cas.
he directed a look at his jeans. He didn’t need input about soft, firm lips and blues eyes so deep a person could drown in them. He just didn’t. Instead he focused on the loud patter of heavy raindrops thudding on the roof and walls of the place.
Dean kept watching him, waiting.
“You two have been very unobservant. I want you two to grab the rest of the groceries and help her put them away. Ask lots of questions if you don’t know where stuff goes.”
He cleared his throat and began walking around, peeking in all the doors and finding the bathrooms to jiggle the toilet handles. “So, how many people we got?”
’. Really.
The image the ashes of her mother’s body billowing about made her physically ill. She took an extra long drink of the italian soda.
The silence stretched on and on between one disapproving face and the other utterly intense. One was making him angry, and the other was making him hot. And that was frustrating on so many levels.
What. Dean was going to find Sam and throttle him. He’ll do worse than throttle him, he’ll pick his giant body up, find a bridge, throw him off that bridge, fish him out and run him over. He belatedly smiled. “I mean, you said you’ve been open for a year?”
“Stop glaring at me, it’s the best way to get to know your
At first he was blinded with pale afterimages as his eyes adjusted to the dim lighting. He let the door close behind him and lingered for a moment. He could see into the main area from where he stood, with its polished pews and matching dark brown rafters up above.
to be his guy.
He waited a moment as they looked at the yard on the corner, obviously having some idea of who he’s talking about. “Okay, dismissed!”
Of course he was literally lost within a block, turning around and unsure which direction he came. The van was always unlocked, he could just crash in there until the other guys were ready to drive it to the hotel.
“Sore from all the sex we’d be having.”
The tiny house he pulled up in front of was somehow even more gentrified than his boarding lady’s. A handcarved sign reading ‘
Dean buttoned up his flannel shirt mutinously, taking a heavy seat by Sam on the sofa. Blue Eyes was still there, sitting on the single chair perpendicular to them.
“Dean?”
“Oh my god, you're complaining more than that time you had to be a substitute teacher.”
The door opened in the middle of his sentence, but it was just Castiel with two beers. He ducked his head a bit, but Dean accepted the offered bottle without taking note really.
Crowley leaned his head closer, murmuring quietly. “Ah. I see.”
“I heard him, Charles.” She looked more bored than anything.
Dean had to stop standing there acting like he was just as struck by the man’s presence as everyone else. He wasn’t, at all. “I’ll show you the table...Cas.”
“I'm glad you're having a great time and all, but you invited dude then left him alone. You said yourself that he never goes anywhere but the library. That's crummy. And that's coming from me.”
Bella shook her head, opening up her purse and digging through it. “Honey, that boy is everyone’s type. Broad shoulders, stunning green eyes, whew. If I weren't so happily married, I might’ve swooned.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean crushed the can and grinned to himself. Certain parts of him were insistent no matter which way she went, this was going to be all hers tomorrow night. As he adjusted himself with the heel of his hand, an image of vibrant blue eyes popped into his head.
“Mayor Crowley,” he held out one hand with two heavy rings.
He had the strange certainty that one of them would never be the same. He feared who it would be.
“She asked a lot of questions about you,” he threw out casually.
The fuck? Dean started forward as Gabe backed up - never losing his smirk - and would have kept going, but a hand caught his arm.
Sam looked up with raised eyebrows. “I guess? You know that just because I said you act weird around him doesn’t mean you have to bend over backwards to show you like him.” He placed his phone on one knee as if he wasn’t just about to text the guy.
“Actually I meant the impressive array of beer and liquor bottles hidden in your cupboard. Planning on dumping it outside of city limits?” Crowley had a way of talking that was both pompous and knowing, when he didn’t know anything at all.
Lisa, the mother, had no pictures because the man who took her child also took time to rob her. And worse, he was a stalker that claimed was the father of her child which she vehemently denies. Normally he'd wonder if that was true, but parental kidnapping was still kidnapping and the police could and did drop the ball.
Sam should put his shoulder around Cas or something, why was he being so secretive?
“Not if you're going to blaspheme like that. Just keep your nose clean, shake a few hands, preach a few sermons, you'll be fine.
.’ Held back? What about held down, cause she loved it when he forced her face first into the mattress and went to town.
Dean could only imagine a bald bureaucrat for God with a forty-year paunch and an eye for the pretty teenagers. A disgusted shudder ran through him. “I’ll pay you back for this. I promise you that with every fiber of my being.”
Sam stared at him, then Cas, then back at him before raising an eyebrow. He opened his mouth to say something, closed it, and continued to look like he was trying to figure out a math equation or something.
Charlie blinked, follow his gaze and seemed to...blush as she tucked the same strand behind her ear. “Oh, that’s St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Church. Our church is this way.”
“Where are you going?”
Dean immediately opened another and downed at least half before he could talk without puffing out small fireballs. “I think you’re going to have one less judge.” He felt sorry for Charlie who was both resigned and also disappointed.
He leaned over to get a better look at the red-haired lady next to him. Similar lips to Castiel, but fuller.
Feeling like the best big brother in the whole world, Dean smiled and whistled
He heard the rustling but didn’t look as Cas straightened himself out. It came as no surprise that the clothes reformed themselves around the angelic body.
“Is chili a big thing?”
“I prefer pie,” he winked at her, cause old ladies loved a flirty good-looking man, then eyed the space around her.
Castiel? What sort of name was that? But he didn’t want Sam to get all butthurt, so he leaned over to shake the other man’s hand. It was surprisingly firm and the skin not exactly rough, but not lily-soft like Percy or Roland. “You drink?”
Even though they had used up their time, she dawdled longer so they could get some chatting and laughing in.
“Is it, why am I here?”
Dean gets a little extra something-something for the chili cook-off. It may or may not go over well.
He immediately looked at Dean's hands and eyes for evidence of burns or singes.
It was a fair assumption. Dean's life revolved around cases, drinking beer, cases, picking up strange at bars, cases. All of those got him in trouble sometimes.
“I’d throw water on it and hope for the best.” Cas sighed and opened his eyes, his mouth twisted in a rueful curve.
He recovered smoothly. “Yeah. Do you know where Roseview church is?”
Dear god, the color hurt her eyes.
“What?” Sam raised an eyebrow, taking another drink of his soda.
The waist that belonged to DEAN.
you live in Las Vegas?”
Now that said a lot about Cas and Raphael. “But you call nuns sisters and not Mothers?”
She was definitely all over his junk. Hell, maybe he'd give her a preview of the show. He went to unbuckle his belt before his phone buzzed again.
Dean had no choice but to say thank you and take a step back as the door closed. The problem with crazed stalker liars is they were very good at hiding who and what they were. So he had no idea if this was his guy or a guy who
He knew where it was, at the Arena, and which time the College of Engineering would have their commencement, in the evening. One of Sam’s frat brother promised to save him a seat as close to front as possible.
Sam turned and gave him a look. “Are you sure about that?”
His brother laughed increduously, a bit bewildered too. “So? Gabe’s just a flirt, he doesn’t mean anything by it.”
“So what, they don’t pay you guys or something?” What? That’s a sweet deal for somebody.
Uhhh. Awkward silence of the person who didn't call back after a few wonderful dates. So maybe I was optimistic on my update schedule by a lot *cough* but I had a lot of things come up. So here's some Thanksgiving cheer, hope you all are seeing family or friends or someone important! That's not in the cards for me this year :( but eat some yummy yummy turkey for me!
The clapping the suitably loud and a few cheers went up. More than a few people in the crowd were drinking from beer bottles or holding small plastic cups with ice and amber liquid.
She noticed his sudden stillness. “I’m not trying to pry. I’m sure it will be great. I know some get it all written out weeks in advance, but you couldn’t do that, could you? I used to cram the night before because my thoughts are always jumping all over the place.” She let out a breathy chuckle that was more nervous than amused.
“HOLD YOUR HORSES!”
“Ah.” Dean wanted to turn right around and drive his Baby right out of this mess, but a religious person wouldn’t do that, right? He wouldn’t bail, he’d be excited to, uh, give people a place to worship. “So who’s the head person around these parts?”
“Hello, Dean.”
Good god. The door opened and at first he saw no one. Then his eyes traveled down to see a tiny, blue-haired lady peering up at him. She had a wood cane handle clenched in both hands and bright eyes in an immensely wrinkled face.
The overblown sympathy was immediate as Bella nodded. “I’m sure I missed your visits, but I remember seeing your sisters and brother. It’s so good to see a family that cares.”
“I am able to attend the cinema if I wish.” His voice was a bit stiff now, not quite offended but perhaps awkward.
Dean chuckled at the sarcasm and took the top of the stack, maybe thirty papers total. “I’m going to go canvas on the north side of town. I did the west last time.”
The other two judges and the prize would be a ‘surprise’ and it would be, because he had no idea how to answer either question yet. He reached the middle of the street and saw someone else had already placed yellow flyers all down the other side of the street.
He made with the loading his plate, figuring he needed all the energy he could get before Sam started to treat him like an emotional basketcase. He was just checking his phone. Can’t a man check his phone?
Maybe he was still a little bitter.
“Sorry about that. Julia and Jim are very vocal about their bigotry. She used to be my babysitter, actually. She hasn’t spoken to me in years and she won’t step foot in my dad’s shop. I guess because it’s his fault she was exposed to my kind.”
“I guess you’re looking forward to getting back.”
The priest took the papers without looking down at them. “I am Father Raphael.”
Charlie swallowed down a big bite of the sandwich, shaking a finger at her. “At least you have two someones to go home to.” It was a playful tone though, because she was really happy for her. She wasn’t the type to make everyone around her shush up about their happiness just because her love life was crap.
Uneasy with how long he stared down at the Father, he hopped off the stool and went to investigate the box. Satisfied that they weren't all just poisoned, he trapped the side of the box. “Most houses built before a certain time,” like the 1900’s, “can't take this high wattage without redoing the wiring.”
“Not in that order, I hope,” Sam mumbled, hiking both duffel bags on his shoulders after emptying all the trash they accumulated over the car ride here.
“You didn’t have to wait back here for me.”
Dean chuckled filthily to himself.
Cas pressed into him again, the feeling of the hot and silky skin over his cock making Dean gasp into his mouth. He quickly wrapped his fist around both of them, rubbing their cocks together. Never had Dean been so glad to be wrong, because when Cas tilted his head back and hoarsely groaned without holding back, Dean lost it and spurted hotly after one more thrust.
Dean glowered at Gabe. And what kind of trashy bastards slipped a guy their number who was liplocking publicly with another person?
Deliberately staring at empty pockets of the decent sized crowd, he played each song with ease...but lacking the normal energy. He sang, performed, and killed it on his solos, but it didn’t loosen the knot of anxiety balled in his stomach.
Dean teased him a bit longer about not being able to seal the deal, then they played video games and trash-talked for a while. It was fun, relaxing, and good god he missed Cas like crazy. They were in the same town and Dean couldn’t bring himself to walk over.
“Man, you’re lucky this wasn’t televised.” Benny shook his head as they walked to the back after the last song was over.
No, it wasn’t just Dean. The crowd had actually quieted around them as the priest and the new Pastor looked at each other.
“We’ve done what we can. The congregation has pitched in wonderfully, but I know there’s still some plumbing and electrical work. Not that I hired you to be our glorified handyman, of course.” She laughed a little and he suspected that was the exact reason he was picked. No wonder he didn’t even need to do a real interview.
Dean pushed between two cute honeys to lean against the bar, throwing a wink at the blonde one of the pair. She smiled and rolled her eyes as she picked up her drink and tugged her friend away. Probably dating each other, he thought as he watched them go. “Hey Sammy, I made room!” Because of course Sam was making his way through.
The next song started and Dean pulled a face. “Is this Nickelback?”
It took nearly a minute to get a response, but he clicked through his morning alarms so Sam wouldn’t cotton on when he kept peeking at the little screen.
for good measure.
Dean couldn’t help but give a proud nod. “Thanks.”
“No, I don’t attend public places commonly. I have been to at least one house on each and every block we’ve passed. See, that is where Mrs. Montgomery had me bless her husband’s picture after he passed away. And the yellow house at the end, the Coleman family had a fire and St. Michael’s helped raise money to replace their kitchen.”
“I can see you now.”
“Oh, we did a candy sale to pay for the renovations and again two weeks ago. To, you know, pay for you. But it was totally worth it.”
“Hey, you got coffee in the back?” Dean jerked a thumb at the still locked door.
After a second the boy dashed to pull open the door for her, waited till she was inside, and walked hesitantly back to Dean.
Dean peeked over his shoulder at the blonde girl helping serve. Pretty enough, but to his twenty-three year old gaze she looked like a baby. And he wasn’t going to put business over pleasure, not with such venue in such a central location. “What daughter?”
“Quit stalking my ex, it’s creepy.” However, Dean didn’t look away from the rows of thumbnails. Cassie, who he assumed would only have pictures of herself, seemed to have a lot more. “Wait, what’s the one?”
Cas tilted his head back as he surveyed them. “Have a good night.”
