"No. Four nuns from Merciful Cross still live there. In the big west-wing flat. I live in the flat in the east wing. The house was converted a few years ago."
"Will you let me try?"
His gaze searched mine. He placed his hand over mine.
"And that's enough proof for you?"
John inhaled. He was breathing. Understood that he was breathing. The air was warm and smelled familiar. Disinfectant.
John took a deep breath. "No," he said quietly. "It was just really... emotional."
There wasn't much to correct this time. The song was in four parts, as complex as a sonata. The fluctuating turns followed the ascending motif. The simple, clear line was the heart of the piece. Sherlock added a more complex ending that picked up both the upward motif and the more volatile one, weaving the essence into the synthesis of the two. Only four beats. A long, deep breath. The piece ended on a single clear note lasting four more beats. G string. Rather than fading away, it remained steadfast, upright, unwavering, then cut off on the beat, quiet and precise. Unspectacular. Breathtaking.
"Then you can simply tell me why, can't you? Give me the information, include me. Like you have before."
"The men's pond is a gay meeting spot, Sherlock."
There was just that painful void. The ground was gone beneath his feet. He was living an empty life, without really participating in it. He wasn't even taking drugs anymore. He was functioning like a robot. He was functioning, but something wasn't right. He didn't know what it was, or why. He didn't even know whether he'd lost John or not.
John returned home from Bart's to his one-room apartment and made some tea. It was dreary being alone. Being without Sherlock. Without the familiar flat on Baker Street, without Mrs Hudson. How was the older woman doing? John would have to go to Baker Street at some point in the next few days, for better or worse. He still had some personal items there that he needed. But he was afraid of running into Mrs Hudson, so he kept putting it off. He had enough other problems plaguing him.
John and Sherlock jumped apart, startled. A man from the grounds maintenance service stood before them, orange coveralls, basket and broom in his hand.
"We will."
"If..." John continued, "if... then - for me - it would be more than that. We're too close to each other to use each other like inflatable dolls, Sherlock. I..." John hesitated. Then he said, soft but firm: "I love you too much for that."
"What do you feel?" Martin asked.
Sherlock sat next to John on the soft floor. A hulking attendant in a white coat stood at the door. John had gone berserk, swinging his arms wildly and screaming himself into exhaustion. Even after they'd overpowered him, tied him up, and injected him with a sedative. It hadn't ended until Sherlock arrived. But John still seemed uptight and anxious, if more subdued. His eyes were oddly alien. Restless. Full of a resistance borne of desperation.
"Sergej. I'd be grateful if you didn't tell your father about our conversation."
Rosie! The thought shot through him like a brand when he came to again. He couldn't have been unconscious for long, but she wasn't next to him any longer. Where was she? Sherlock fought against his rising panic. He heard her crying and sobbing somewhere close by. He wanted to get up, but he couldn't anymore. Everything went black whenever he tried. Crawl it was, then.
"You married her!"
Sherlock stared at his laptop, still displaying the technical data. His heart was beating fast and hard. That was unexpected. What did Mycroft know?
"It's been almost twenty-four hours, no contact has been made by any blackmailers, and we have no sign of the kid," Lestrade pointed out. The concern was clear in his voice. "I'm going to initiate a large-scale search for Rosie Watson."
And in the long, utter stillness surrounding the words, something broke in Sherlock. An ancient vessel. It fractured at a central point with a hollow but painful crack, a fissure that immediately spread across the encrusted surface, through the dull patina of all those years, splitting and tearing apart the hardened varnish. The vessel broke apart and tumbled down. Tumbled and tumbled into the endless darkness. Sherlock felt it falling. Falling into the nothingness. The impact broke through his foundation. And Sherlock fell. Fell into the shards, into the emptiness, into the hole in the foundation.
"Nothing will happen as long as I'm at the clinic."
"Did you fake your death back then so you could fly here and … save her?" John said the word 'save' with so much scorn that Sherlock shuddered.
"You're not coming back to the Centre?" Dave asked.
John closed his eyes. The burden of the past. Heavy and harrowing. Deception. Betrayal. Hurt. All those hours spent together in the dark prison. Awaiting death. So simple. So deep and true and simple. As simple as what they were doing now. Holding on to each other, being close.
"We're wasting our time here!" Sherlock protested, but at least he was whispering.
"You can't change anything like this, Stean. Try to get yourself under control. Please."
"Of course. When? Where?"
Andrej. He wanted to meet him. Even if it ended in a fight, every confrontation and argument was better than looking for the man who was both Andrej and Sherlock out here in the wilderness. He needed to find him again. In every way. Anything else was unbearable.
They'd eaten cake together afterwards, with Molly and Rosie. They'd sat in the café and eaten cake and smiled at each other through reddened eyes. Shy and disbelieving, uncertain about what had happened, about what was happening with them. Like newly-minted lovers who couldn't quite believe their luck.
It was dark in the village. The street lamps went off at midnight. The sky was littered with stars. The plump moon illuminated the street and the cat scurrying across it. A horse snorted restlessly in the Griffins' stable. John walked along the road that led to the cottage, deep in thought, past the O'Rourkes, whose dog, Alfie, ran out of their yard towards him, wagging its tail and greeting him with a restrained 'wuff'. John petted his head, patted his flank. Alfie walked a few steps with him, then trotted back.
"It's a very intimate step, Sherlock. Don't underestimate that."
The short memorial service for the two unfortunate Brits was simple. The people here didn't have a lot to say when it came to death. They commiserated silently. The mountains claimed lives regularly around here. The church, St Michael's, was full. If the event hadn't been marred by such oppressive grief for John, he would probably have appreciated the foundation stones from the ninth century, the twelfth-century Lazarist tower, the fantastic acoustics of the homely space.
"I have to. You're losing blood."
"All right, so I broke character," John admitted. "I told Dr Kenny I wanted to go back to you and I was willing to work on it. Things like that can happen during these treatments, can't they? Dave will be familiar with it. So let's find a reasonable solution."
John looked around, amused. "Nice playroom," he teased.
"Who are the two dead women?" he asked.
"Your lover?"
"The Royal College of Music?" Sherlock asked, bewildered.
"We'll withdraw from the public eye and keep bees," Sherlock promised quietly.
"John," Sherlock gasped, speechless. "John. Please."
He took a couple of abrupt steps toward the living room, heavy and unsteady, came back and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock recognised the gleam in those grey eyes. He knew John's bitterness was about to discharge at him in the form of anger in the next few seconds. And he knew he could take it. Just like he'd taken it so often before.
Sergej didn't answer for a long time. Then he lowered himself reflectively into the chair next to John's bed.
Sherlock and John stopped.
"What?"
Sherlock prowled around the room. John ignored him.
"Will he keep quiet? How reliable is he?"
"Why?"
"I fetched the ritual candles for you and brought them to the sacristy."
"Whenever you want to touch me, Sherlock, just go ahead and do it," John said gently. "There isn't anything for you to be afraid of. I won't reject you."
"It's your job," Sherlock said with a smile. "You know better than anyone that I can't shut mine off either."
"You took it for yourself."
"Do you really want that, Sherlock?" he asked, gazing into the despondent, pale blue eyes. "It will mean confronting you with all of those painful issues again."
The upper station was gloomy and overcast, visibility poor. Dusk was already falling. The goat bells were far away. The rattling of the rain all around. Far and wide no Sherlock who might have picked him up. John ignored the cold and damp and set off, walked the last bit up to the cabin slow and deliberate. The ground was wet, the stones slippery. The steep ascent warmed him up a little, got his circulation going. That was something anyway.
The bed was really too narrow for two grown men. John lay on the outer edge. Sherlock had turned over and was asleep. The full moon had faded. Morning would be dawning soon. John lay awake. He didn't understand what had happened. His thoughts circled around all the things he'd gone through and experienced. Puzzle pieces that didn't fit together, didn't form a picture.
"Ella said I should just do it whenever I feel the need to," he explained. The apologetic undertone made it clear how insecure he was. "She said you'd let me know if it wasn't okay with you."
John closed his eyes. Then he shook his head reflectively. "You," he said.
, copied a three-page list of names, a table with time and location coordinates.
* Magdalena quotes from the following Bible verses:
I close my eyes. Everything hurts. Inside and out.
John tore himself away. "Are you coming with me or not?" he demanded harshly.
Since there was no reaction forthcoming, John turned his head to look at Sherlock. The saltwater in the bubble pool churned around Sherlock's chin. His dark hair hung down wetly in his face. The underwater lighting darkened the blue of his eyes to a dark, shadowy, nighttime-blue, reflecting the continuous, undulating motion of the water. Sherlock's expression was anything but relaxed. John reached for Sherlock's arm in the foamy froth, found his hand where it was clinging underwater to the railing of the pool. John placed his hand on top of Sherlock's, begging to be allowed to take it in his. Sherlock slowly unwrapped his fingers from the bar to clutch John's hand.
"I want to live with you," was Sherlock's simple reply. "And there's room for Sophie here with us, in every way."
"Ask what you want to ask."
The mass exodus began. No chance of finding a taxi or Tube car in the next half hour that wasn't full to bursting.
"And you look like a perfectly ordinary gentleman, Holmes," Watson counters. "And if you'll allow: so do I. And yet our tendencies are quite different than one might expect."
"You're leaving here as a King," he said firmly. "We're going to complete the path."
"Where?" Waugh asks.
"Thanks, Sherlock," he said softly. "I'm going to try to sleep a bit now."
"Rosenfeld's a psychiatric clinic."
"What about the men?"
"He asked me for help. Gerome knows all about it. He's supposed to do everything in his power to provide us with what we need to solve the case."
Both of us are hungry, so we eat first, sitting at the kitchen table. It is cooler inside than it is outside. We eat without speaking. I attempt to concentrate on the case, on anything to distract me. If I do not, my senses will hone in on the man seated next to me. My eyes hang on his powerful, brawny hands, on the titillatingly attractive line of his lips, his grey eyes, the pale lashes, his smile. My nose latches on to his odour, to his skin and the dampness of his hair. My body inclines toward him. I cannot stop it. My mental powers are insufficient to lift me past the knowledge that John is available to me. The mere thought of it makes me conscious of my groin, the heat and impatient buzzing there. Like a swarm of bees.
He needed to try to stand up. He put his jacket back on, looked around for something to lean on, and eventually struggled to his feet. He gasped in pain. His leg was stiff and weak, and burned as if it were on fire. Any attempt to put weight on it made tears shoot into his eyes, and he buckled. He needed a big stick or something to support himself with. Sherlock let his eyes wander around the ruins, which he saw now in the daylight for the first time.
"I've made contact with the computer guy. We're working on it." John's voice sounded muted and tense through the phone.
"Sherlock," he corrected him.
"No. Give him some time. He'll be back."
Sherlock laid his hand on John's arm and looked into the churning grey eyes. The water-coloured blue was mild and clear.
"You're important," Sherlock said, his voice soft.
Sherlock latched onto John's upper lip, intoxicated. John maintained the contact as Sherlock switched to his lower lip, surprisingly enjoying the contrasting emotional sensations. John also maintained the contact when Sherlock released his lower lip without moving away. John carefully ran his tongue along the slit between Sherlock's lips, slipped it in between, seeking, as they slowly parted for him.
"I'm so sorry." The young mother took Amy by the arm and pulled her away from the two men, closer to herself. "She's never seen men... hugging. Please excuse her. She can be a little cheeky."
I take a deep breath, stretch and press my back against the wall behind me. Watson's hands are snatching my thoughts away to unseemly daydreams, causing the blood to flow into my loins. I cannot look at his hands. I draw the smoke from my pipe deep into my body, let it sweep through my head. I need to purify my thoughts. I need them as clear as crystal now. So many facts in my head. Sharply-angled puzzle pieces being blown about as if by gusty blasts of wind. Continually spinning in a circle. They scrape and scratch me. I cannot stop them, they elude my observation and analysis. It hurts. My head hurts. And it will continue to hurt until the edges of the pieces are lined up and the facts fall into place, creating a picture that explains everything.
John fell silent. So that's how it was. Sherlock had known first. From whom? Mycroft? Or from the hospital? Were there other connections? They were both quiet, drank their coffee for a while, each lost in his own thoughts.
John took a deep breath. "How am I supposed to decide if..."
"When your husband brought his own sheep to be sheared four days ago, did he take the dog to round them up?"
John glanced at the young woman. It looked like she was asleep. But prudence was the better part of valour.
Copernicus-SL3 had been launched into orbit three years earlier with the purpose of transmitting data about the weather and environment. The Canadian company that had built it, McDonald Dettwiler and Associates, Ltd. – MDA for short – had sent a technical brief upon request. It was better than nothing, but it wasn't enough.
"Since when?" he asked hoarsely.
"Go!" he repeated.
"Not burden me?" John exhaled contemptuously. "My wife is kidnapped out of the maternity ward and my newborn child is stolen from me. But you don't want to burden me? What did you think was going to happen then?" John shouted the last sentence into Sherlock's face.
"If I give you my body, John... You know I have problems with all these... physical things."
John didn't ask himself any of that when he woke up next to Sherlock the following morning. Profoundly moved, he watched the sleeping face beside him in silence. The dark curls tumbling into the pale face. The black abundance he'd buried his fingers in, breathed and moaned into. The plump, unusually sensual Cupid's bow lips, now slightly parted, which he'd kissed passionately and intimately, down to the last nerve. The eyes, now closed, with the long, dark lashes. Beneath the lids those intense eyes which had penetrated deep into his soul and touched it. Surrounded it. Captured it.
Callum looked over at him. "I know, John," he said. "I'm prepared to assume responsibility for it."
"Good. Then I'll just need your signature." The clockmaker pulled a form out of a tray and started writing.  "Talk to her," he said casually as he itemised the list of things that would need to be done. "You only stand to gain. If the answer is positive, you will be happy. If it is negative, at least you know where you stand."
"Do not worry about making any escape plans. You won't have any need for that," Magnussen said calmly. "I would rather like to get my own back, you see. I have a present for you."
"Is it possible to make an international call on your mobile?" John asked.
Author's note:
John handed him the page. Sherlock skimmed it, then shrugged and passed it back to John.
John had meant it as a joke, but Sherlock's smile faded. He lowered his eyes for a moment, looking at the floor, before meeting John's gaze again. Holding it.
"I'm freefalling through a lot of chaos right now, Sherlock," John said gently. "But you're here and I know there's common ground there somewhere, even if I can't see it at the moment. I've been thinking. I'd like Sophie to grow up with me. With us. If that's possible. You're the only fixed point in my life, Sherlock."
John sat down on the coffee table directly in front of the huddled shape and touched Sherlock's shoulder with his fingertips. Sherlock's upper body was rising and falling rapidly under the pale t-shirt stretched across his back. He was sweating, emitting a damp, spicy smell of stress and arousal.
"I don't know where to start," Sherlock said.
"I want to have a look at the crime scene," he said.
What else indeed? There was no other reason, had never been any other reason for Mycroft to initiate contact with him.
The creaking of the stairs under her feet. John dropped back down into the armchair. He'd interrupted looking through the mail that had gathered in his absence to greet Mrs Hudson. John plucked one envelope after another from the pile, turned them over, looked at them, stuck the tip of the letter opener in the fold and slit the paper open with a single sharp tug.
John was already sitting at the table, a sherry in front of him. He'd taken his suit along to the clinic and got ready there. He looked fantastic. John stood up when he saw Sherlock coming over, and Sherlock greeted him with a hug, restrained, but the message was clear: it would be more if they weren't in public. John's embrace was firm and confident.
"We used to play together. I was in the university orchestra and he was just starting out as a soloist." John laughed.
Brahms, the violin sonata. Yes, that was a possibility. Because sitting there in the armchair was no longer an option. A thousand butterflies fluttered around inside him, banging into his nerve endings, prickling up and down his body. He needed to do something about the bustling and buzzing and twitching. Play. Brahms. The violin. He could hold onto it, place his hands on the bow and fingerboard and they would know what to do and feel at home. He could lock his eyes onto the notes and his brain would transfer the symbols to his fingers. His ears would glue themselves to the sounds and send corrective impulses. His senses would be focused. His body would align itself, bond with the instrument and the rhythm of the music. That would work. Usually.
John probed within himself. It was important. He didn't know exactly why. There was just so much, so much he wasn't able to handle.
John drew back to hide behind a tree a bit further away. The other three came up on shore and dried off. With a cheerful, carefree gesture, Dave slung his arm around Sherlock's neck and pressed his face into the side of Sherlock's wet head for a brief moment as he rubbed his hair dry. It was just for the fraction of a second, more towel than skin contact between them, the act obviously springing from an impulse of spontaneous good cheer, but John's heart skipped a painful beat before beginning to pound heavily. And he knew right then, should Dave really make a pass at Sherlock, he would intervene immediately and put an end to the whole thing.
"What about yesterday? Or the day before?"
A relieved smile. John closed and tied his dressing gown again, and Sherlock slipped back into his t-shirt and pyjama bottoms.
It was quiet in the loft. Dull, dusky light diffused lazily through the panes of the windows set in the roof; the sky outside hung low, black-grey, rainy. John listened, trying to hear something from the round, pitch-black ritual room, taking special care not to cross in front of any of the slits, knowing that the brief interruption in the dim light would be immediately noticed inside the space. He heard voices, but couldn't understand the words. Martin's voice. Sherlock's voice. Thank God. They were talking, which meant they were alive. It sounded relaxed and muted, so there was no tension, no immediate danger. John wasn't sure what he should do. Was this a systemic ritual, the path through the archetypes like he'd gone through? Or what was happening in there? Did it also concern relationships and sexuality with Sherlock?
Sherlock was taken aback by the directness of her statement, and needed a moment to decide on the right response.
Lestrade beamed. "Thanks, John!" he said, both relieved and happy. "I'll introduce you to Phil Salisbury then, if that's all right with you. Phil's the surgeon at St. Anna's who's cooperating with us. You'll be working with him at the hospital, John, and he'll introduce you to the club. He can give you any additional information you need."
"No. The leaving was quite fresh when the dog stepped in it. It was warm and not dry yet, so the animals were still here. And it was before the rain. The dog would have left a trail in the softened mud otherwise, and that is not the case. It was running on the dry ground and trampled over the fresh spoor. No question."
"No," said Mycroft. "No, I haven't 'got it'. What about Sherlock?"
"Your sister is very like you," John replied. "Elizabeth – the woman on the bus – was mysterious and challenging. She approached me directly and won me over just like that. Like you did. Back then."
"He remembered the report from 'Inside'. That's fairly surprising for someone who says he doesn't know Chaeronea," Sherlock said once they were ensconced in the cab a few minutes later, on their way home.
"There is no truth," he said as he examined the victim's head. "Truth is nothing more than a subjective variant of perception, a miniscule slice of a complex whole that is impossible to assess without divorcing onself from perspective. In other words, every perspective is both just as true and just as false as any other."
The man promptly undressed. A priest serving as an assistant took the clothes while a second one walked around the man with a censer, wafting smoke at him. The scent of incense dispersed through the space. Once the man was naked, the officiating priest took a silver dish filled with water from his assistant.
He opened his eyes. Sherlock's gaze rested on him. Blue and deep with emotion. The pale eyes filled with moisture when their eyes met and held fast. Held fast with unflinching strength. No trace of insecurity. A peace existed between them. A profound peace.
Those were tense days and nights, during which the doctors ran tests and performed examinations. John and Sherlock didn't leave Sophie alone for a single minute, both ready to step up and protect Sophie if the examinations should prove too stressful. The paediatric cardiologist assigned to the case didn't give them much hope. The specialist brought in by Mycroft came to the same conclusion. Sophie didn't have a chance. John asked them to turn off the machines after ten days. Sophie's heart beat on its own for a few more hours. Sherlock and John were with her when it stopped. They stayed with their dead child until they were explicitly asked to leave.
"So not a very helpful lead."
"They were working with Magnussen. There must be a liaison inside the prison."
"Yeah," he said finally. "It was a while ago, though. The tattoo in this picture's two years old at most. How old is the picture?"
He realised he couldn't have given a more paltry answer. Dr Kenny laughed, but allowed the response.
best man, had liked
"What plans?" John asked hoarsely.
Phil was there, doing paperwork in the tiny club office. He was one of the club's five directors. He gave John unrestricted access to all of the files. John studied the book with the membership entries. The crossed-out names had explicitly cancelled their membership. Not really helpful at the moment.
"May I sit?"
Sherlock was covered in wounds that were already sticky, had stopped bleeding. He was shivering despite the heat. John had laid his jacket over him. They lay beside each other on the palette and held each other close. They were both too weak to do anything. Tending to the wounds had taken what was left of John's strength.
Eurus. Oxygen flowed into Sherlock's lungs, and he screamed when he exhaled. A panicked gurgle escaping his throat. With the next breath, a moan. A sound. At least it was a sound. Air. It was dark, but he could breathe. Breathe and cry.
The commanding officer of the search party was the picture of calm.
"He's counting on you coming, John," Sherlock had said. "That's why it's important that you do NOT do precisely that. Do you understand? It's important that you remain safe."
Sherlock set down his bag and unpacked his violin. He took a couple of steps closer to the glass wall and placed himself in the spotlight that had turned on automatically when he entered, before starting to tune his instrument. Eurus must have sensed her brother was there a while ago. But she simply kept playing. Sherlock tuned his violin and waited. Eurus kept playing without acknowledging him.
"That's right."
"To destroy Moriarty's network without being recognised. I told you that already."
Then Sherlock said, "I'd like you to take a look at the Lowe file. It's in your inbox. I'd like to know what you think of it."
"Why was Mary at Holloway?"
Greg took a deep breath. He leaned forward with both arms on the table in front of John, looking down at him. His deep blue eyes searched John's. Behind them, his mind was at work. John could see it. Lestrade was anything but happy about the situation. He was in the midst of an internal struggle. But he was going to say yes. John was certain of that. The Detective Inspector had no other choice. And Sherlock's plan was well thought-out.
Sherlock didn't reply to that, instead raising the fingers of one hand. It might have meant 'Yes, fine,' or it might have meant 'Fuck off'. You never knew with him.
John got ready to go to the club. It was evening and Sherlock hadn't returned. John had waited, but finally had to admit there was no point. He didn't know where Sherlock was, what he was doing or what his plans were. And so he set out on his own for Lucifer's Gardens. As he did almost every evening.
The stillness. John felt his pulse throbbing throughout his body. He closed his eyes. Martin's breathing. It was clearly accelerated and ragged. He was experiencing all of the emotions along with them. That hadn't been clear to John until that moment. He was experiencing and carrying with him all of the emotions and fates of the men he ministered to here. John heard him inhale deeply.
The nun dried off her face. She took a deep breath, needing a couple of moments before she could continue. "Several days went by, and then there he was, asking for the candle. I gave it to him."
"Namely Darian, Seal and Phil," Sherlock said sharply.
John was panting. He could barely control himself anymore. The bracket of their legs was so tight and hot that their genitals were slick with sweat. It was a surprisingly sensual feeling. Sherlock wasn't holding still anymore. He clenched his muscles in a steady rhythm, moved his hips, pressed against John, ground and moaned as the tip of his tongue played with John's. John couldn't stand it any longer. He pulled Sherlock's head closer and kissed him deeply. Sherlock's arms immediately wrapped themselves around him, held John close to him as their lower bodies separated a little with the heated motion, allowing more friction.
John looked out the window at the slow-moving city traffic. They sat silently beside each other on the back seat of the taxi. The visit with Ethan still hung heavy on them. It was sleeting outside. The wind stuck a few snowflakes to the car window, decorative stars, complex beauties that melted instantly. They were stuck in evening rush hour traffic.
He sat down at an unused desk and set to work studying the new, highly interesting material. Shortly before nine p.m., he carefully gathered up the loose papers, put them into an envelope, addressed it to himself and dropped it into the basket for outgoing mail before leaving the Yard.
"Tell me," John said.
The two women do not appear to be especially impressed by the Constable's dressing-down. But at least Mrs Boon now expands on her reply.
"Sherlock. Does Dr Kenny know that you're leaving the grounds to go swimming with Dave and Margret or to go to their place or celebrate Celtic holidays?"
"Yes, first to the creche."
Sherlock snuggled under the wonderfully scented blanket and looked John over. His smile, his presence. Outside, the change ringing of a quarter peal called the faithful to worship services. The enchantment of a summer Sunday.
"I know. That's not a problem. He left the files for me. I'm supposed to pick them up. We have a meeting early in the morning."
The knocking sounded desperate. Strange. Sherlock set down the violin, went to the door, and opened it. Mrs Hudson was standing there in her nightshirt, her hair tousled. She'd already been in bed. In her hands was her mobile phone. She held it out to Sherlock.
"I want to pray. Let me pray. Leave me alone. Please." The man's voice wavered, threatening to break.
John stared at the display. The words confused and unsettled him, although he suspected they were part of the role Sherlock was playing. Still, he couldn't hide from that clear, simple statement. It touched his heart, unfiltered, warmed it and made it beat more strongly. John knew he wasn't allowed to answer. That was a good thing. He wouldn't have known what to write.
"With an alcove," John amended. "And don't you dare use my bed."
"I'm a consulting detective and was undercover in the clinic as part of the investigation," Sherlock said. "John never left me. It was all pretend."
"Yes, of course I agree," he said lightly. After a couple of seconds, he added, "You lied to everyone, Sherlock. Our friends, your brother, Lestrade, the doctors, me. Why? Why the whole theatre? We could have just done the therapy."
An unexpected question. It was a bit more than John could handle at the moment. He closed his eyes and thought about it. The spontaneous 'No' that had been on the tip of his tongue wasn't the whole truth. There was more to it. Old emotions. A fallow field, stirred up by a vague sense of happiness. A longing for peace. For an ordered, meaningful life at the nexus of what was most important.
Gerome was friendly and free with information. And Ethan had apparently briefed him, since the first thing he'd asked John was, "Ethan said you're interested in Chaeronea. Is that right?"
"Yes, that's fine," John said.
"Are you still working with John?"
Sherlock wiped the moisture from his face with the back of his hand. He needed to talk to Ella. He had found the nucleus.
"John."
"Are you in mourning on her account?"
It was winter, and accordingly dark, and the O'Gradys had only caused a small number of candles to be lit in the banquet hall, in order to provide a festive atmosphere. I had turned to the mathematician. Perhaps that is the reason why I did not see him until the meal was underway. He sat on the opposite side of the long table, only a couple of metres away from me. He looked tired and drawn. Pale. His hair unkempt and dull. His eyes were reddened and the smile he made an effort to bestow on the lady beside him came across pained. He looked ill and maltreated. It was Dr John Watson. He seemed to have aged several years. Mary had not accompanied him.
John took the matches out of his jacket pocket and struck one. There were a few grey crumbs on Sherlock's hand. John struck the next match. Its glow flickered over Sherlock's hands as they felt around the floor in the dark, searching. He scraped something up, rubbed it between his fingers again, and sniffed.
"What is it?" John asked.
Mrs Hudson clapped her hands together excitedly. Sherlock rolled his eyes. John smirked.
"We solved the Lowe murder case," Sherlock said in a tone of voice that even John found arrogant.
"Our old route?" he asked.
Sherlock gurgled. His lips turned blue, his eyes bugged out, his hands slipped away from John's and fell to his sides. John loosened his grip and let him go. Sherlock sank to the floor. John went to the door of the flat, took the key out and put it into his trouser pocket. Then he washed Sherlock's blood from his hands at the faucet of the kitchen sink. The flat had only cold water.
John shivered. A cool breeze seemed to be coming from the direction of the choir screen.
John closed his eyes, holding fast to the chair. Tears leapt from his eyes, washing away the 'thank you' he'd wanted to say.
When he stood a little closer, he could see the hot red in the background, concentrated in the lower left corner, from where it struck out in all directions, tossing black-red specks of lava that were swallowed up by the dominant cool tones. Pictures and letters cut from newspapers glinted across the surface of the entire piece. As if being viewed through a thick veil. People, houses, animals, cars. Here and there an unexpected flash of yellow. Orange waves in the background. John stepped even closer. A white-red band zig-zagged through the entire picture, sometimes easily visible on the surface, sometimes disappearing beneath the layers of crayon. Single symbols and letters. The formula for H2O. Capital letters, scattered about. L. H. M. I. R. A series of symbols on the right edge behind a field of white. A text. It shone faintly through the thick layer of crayon, barely legible. John moved in, concentrated on it and read:
"No. His personnel file doesn't mention his marital status, he doesn't wear any rings as a masseur and he never said anything."
"Then do so," replied he.
"Let us then face the facts. We are both clever enough to hide what should not be seen. We shall find ways to live our life, Holmes. There are ways to satisfy the impatient passions of the body without resorting to chemical castration."
John started up his laptop and looked up train connections. Departing Meiringen at 5:21 p.m., arriving at London St Pancras next morning at 10 a.m. But he'd need to change stations in Paris. That was annoying. The next best connection left Meiringen at 9:18 p.m. that night. Sherlock might already be back by then. That was no good.
He'd made tea and set out a plate of biscuits, just like the last time. They sat at the same table in the open-sided dining area off the living room, which was in the same state of chaos as before. The table was set simply and neatly this time too, the teapot and porcelain matching, three cups, milk and sugar. Something was different though: Ethan was wearing a suit jacket, with a cross on the lapel. A visible sign of his status as a priest.
"John." Sherlock held his friend by the arm when John passed by on his way out of the room. John stopped, standing very close to him. "Thank you," Sherlock whispered.
"Excuse me?" John said, now angry. "What is this? I'm waiting for my flight."
"What about the church in London where the murders occurred?"
"Well. Not directly. But there are things that might interest you."
"That is strange, isn't it," Sherlock replied, "that a woman should pop up in a women's prison whom none of the others had ever seen before. A prison is a closed system."
"John..."
"Clay," he said.
"Sherlock," he said carefully. "There's only one reason for me to see Jonah, and we've only scheduled a couple of hours. I want to be able to play your variations. Do you understand?"
John had himself let out on the main road, shouldered his bag and walked the rest of the way. He took a deep breath of the warm fragrances of the August night. The familiar aromas of dung, soil, leaves and blossoms. The scent of roses wafting from one of the gardens. The unexpectedly deep-seated feeling of return, of homecoming, overwhelmed him. John stopped short in wonder.
"Five p.m. We're going with his car. He said he'll bring a picnic."
Done. That was it. It would have to suffice. John was coming tomorrow.
John returned home late from work that evening. They sat together a while, Sherlock explained the plan to him, the security concept. John agreed to everything. It made Sherlock happy to watch him. John seemed to be awakening out of his lethargy now that he was able to work on a case again. He asked questions, make remarks here and there, was focused and lucid. The dull grief seemed to drop away from him like a heavy, wet cloak he'd taken off to allow the dynamic soldier to re-emerge.
Martin nodded. His eyes sought out John's, his hand brushed down John's arm. "Take care of yourself, John," he said softly. Then he turned away and left the other two standing at the bar.
"It's running a little slow again," he said and stood up with a sigh, slowly, clearly in pain, dragged himself over to the clock, his back hunched, and carefully twisted the screw regulating its pendulum. Then he limped back to the table and sat down again with a grunt.
"No one's finding anyone here. But if they do, we'll be long gone by then, new passports, new names, and a new life. Don't worry."
John took his hand and let Sherlock help him up. His back hurt from the unaccustomed work in the garden. He'd weeded the overgrown flower beds and loosened up the soil, removed the side shoots from the tomato plants, set up the forcing pit, and sowed leeks and winter spinach. The fennel had sprouted and was in bloom. John left it alone. Bees liked it. There was a lot to do. A lot had been left undone in the garden over the past two months. But a lot of things had also thrived. The herb garden that John had planted at the entrance to the vegetable patch was bursting with life. Sage, fennel, borage, several kinds of thyme, rosemary, savory, balm, and mint: everything had grown profusely and was in bloom. Sherlock had watered and cared for it all, even the lupin in front of the house. They weren't a very high-yield forage plant, mostly attracting bumblebees. Sherlock hadn't wanted them near the bees, so John had planted them in a side bed near the front door. Behind the house, in the orchard, plums, pears, and apples were ripening. Ladders leaned up against one tree. They'd started the harvest two days ago and shored up one of the heavily-laden apple trees. They would have plenty of work in the coming weeks.
James Waugh is the next to be questioned. He is pale, his answers garbled, his voice unsteady. It appears that he was given brandy and valerian in an attempt to help him get through the death of his second wife in six years. The dosage may have been slightly excessive.
John was aware that he was treading on thin ice. But the offer was so tempting that he couldn't turn it down. Sergej spoke English. If he played his cards right, he could get all the information from him that he was looking for.
I said to him – and I recall quite clearly that I felt myself glowing with happiness – "He is my friend."
"I'll need to be able to reach you in case of an emergency or if I can't make it for some other reason. In other words, you should read the texts on your phone even if they're from me and start with Hi."
John felt the tingling in his body. A vibration that took hold of every fibre of his being, making him shudder. He stood there in front of Sherlock and pulled his jumper over his head. Sherlock's eyes fixed on his. He nodded mutely. John took off his shoes, then his socks and t-shirt. Sherlock watched, rapt. John undid his belt, took off his trousers, and tossed them aside. He saw his own erection distending his underwear. Sherlock's salacious expression, his parted lips. Sherlock nodded again and John stepped out of his pants, discarding them.
"I was in the middle of a case."
"He didn't say anything about that. And he locked the door behind  him. He would have left it open if he were expecting anyone else."
"But I don't know in what capacity, right?"
"You're the one who gave him the key?"
Through the Major, he'd learned what friendship was. Friendship in its deepest, purest sense.
A shot went off. A dull 'thunk'. Sherlock felt the burning in his bicep and struck out as hard as he could. Mary. A blind rage. Blood spurted, running over his hands onto the chest of the man lying in front of him. He pounded and pounded, over and over. There was no more resistance. Someone pulled him away, pulled him under the table, tipped the table over.
John fell silent for a long time. He was standing in the door to the kitchen with his teacup, leaning on the door frame and staring at the cup in his hand. He took a deep breath and then spoke, sadness and resignation in his voice.
Sherlock nodded faintly.
John closed his eyes. There was something hard inside him. Bitterness. Sherlock had played with him, over and over again. Hadn't taken him seriously. Had laughed at him, insulted him. There was a differential. A reserve. He needed to protect himself from Sherlock. There was always a smidgen of mistrust. The only person John trusted entirely was himself. And the Major.
"Very good. You are a strong Warrior and Lover," Martin said. "And now try to find your weakest side."
"I love you, Sherlock," he said.
"Yes."
Sherlock had racked his brains, had been racking his brains the whole night, and still hadn't been able to put the puzzle pieces together, to penetrate the connections. He'd struggled with the fact that he had to wait for the results of the investigation, as well as the fact that Martin couldn't be interviewed. He'd kicked himself for not having asked Martin how he was aware of Sherlock's identity, for not having questioned him, talked to him, for having got caught up in the ritual. Sherlock was worn thin and worse for wear, nervous and angry. Insufferable.
"Sherlock and I have time for each other," John said, and he meant it honestly and sincerely. "We've never had that before, time for each other."
The words startle me, setting off a whirlwind of fear inside me. I am afraid that Watson might leave. Terribly afraid. I am afraid he might return to London without me, and from there out of my life. Go his own way. Another way. Leave me. I gaze into Watson's eyes, not knowing what to do or say. I want Watson to stay with me. Now. Today. Tomorrow. Always. Always.
"Sit down, Sherlock."
"I can't discuss things like that with him, and I'm not about to start now," Sergej countered and stood up.
He'd hesitated with his answer for a fraction of a second. He spoke the words as if making fun. But his body had stiffened for a brief moment. He was startled. John felt it.
Sherlock stopped. Their eyes met and lingered.
"I'll go to Bury," John said. "And I'd appreciate having a bit more information."
"I can't do it, Sherlock," John said tiredly. "I just lost you to death and it was horrible. But at least it left me with the illusion of love. Knowing that you're alive and you've made me your second priority breaks my heart."
"I haven't met the right man yet," Dr Halsey said shyly. "But it's probably better that way, don't you think?" A bitter smile in the doe-brown eyes.
"Why did he want to kill himself?" the Major asked.
"He says he's getting by."
John didn't know what to say. He sat down on the bed beside Sherlock, subdued.
"I don't know," Linda replied quietly, resigned and tired.
They didn't act as if nothing had happened afterwards. But they also didn't talk about it. Sherlock was the first one to wake up the next morning. He got up carefully so as not to wake John, who was still sleeping beside him. He took a shower, then sat down in the living room to read his emails. John had got up by then too and made tea.
Miller turned around and walked away, no good-bye, nothing, just left John and Sherlock behind. John stood there staring into the distance. Sherlock didn't know what to do.
John had closed his eyes. "I love you, Sherlock," he said quietly.
John's blind rage. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment to shield himself from it, to distance himself. His heart was pounding painfully. It hurt. It would be better to leave until John had calmed down. Sherlock took a deep breath. Then he stood up, trying to catch John's eye.
"Yes, I'm here, John." Sherlock's voice didn't sound stressed. "There's no reason to worry. Martin and I are here. Everything's fine."
"How are the dates communicated?" John asked.
The other man sank to the floor beside him. An inarticulate sound burst forth from him.
This time was different. There was no information on Sherlock's mission. No call, no text as in the past.
Afterwards, the men drifted away. No words spoken. They simply let go and went their own ways, each one separately, going out through the choir screen into the nave. Down the dimly lit central aisle to the heavy wooden door, which had been unlocked again, out into the rain-filled night.
John stared at the words. They could have been his own. A surprising book. John read on, intrigued. And as he sat there in the train, travelling away from Sherlock, he entered a world with Saint-Exupéry that led him back towards him.
As midnight approached, the excitement increased. A wave of impatience rippled through the waiting crowd. Families called back their children. Then the lights all over Hyde Park went out. Conversations promptly fell silent and a murmur went through the throng. A clock chimed twelve from the direction of Westminster. All was still and dark. There was no sign or sound from Marutamaya Ogatsu's pyrotechnics team. The tension mounted.
It was already getting dark and the swimming area had closed a while ago when John sent one last text before setting out for his one-room apartment.
"Someone's watching you pretty intensely," he whispered in John's ear. "Is that a new admirer? Or is it your ex?"
"All right for you?" Sherlock asked when he registered John's surprised expression.
John turns his head and smiles at me with his familiar grey eyes.
"Relationship trouble?" the clockmaker asked without looking up.
"No."
After tuning it, he warmed up with the theme, improvised around it. There was no passion. Useless. He couldn't think of anything. Nothing other than the harmless lull of satisfaction. Three-quarter time. Awful. The only way to bear it was with lots of chatter and ornamentation. Banal.
Rosin dust had collected under the bridge. Sherlock carefully wiped it away, removed the fingerprints from the lacquer and put the instrument into its case, closing both of the latches.
"No. I wanted to protect her and failed. Ava was my friend. As much as the job allows any kind of emotional attachment."
"Every assignment is dangerous."
The men unfolded them carefully, examined them thoroughly. They discussed something in French. John understood enough to know they'd found what they were looking for. They took two of the maps and left the third on the table. One of the bodyguards spoke into a radio, ordering the helicopters back. Jean re-packed John's backpack. The Frenchman nodded to John, satisfied.
John looked up. Sherlock's eyes, so trusted.
Then the hymn began in honour of the Star of the Sea, the mystical name of Mary, the namesake of the convent: Maria Stella Maris.
"An impressive woman, I recall," Sherlock said.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, John. She gave you the thumb drive with all the information, remember? YOU were the one who destroyed it. YOU didn't want to know anything about her past."
"Thank you," he said without taking his eyes off John.
"And you, Inspector!"
Sherlock didn't react, instead tossing his coat on the bed. He'd already taken several folded sheets of paper out of the pocket. He opened them now, and John sat down beside him on the bright red bed. Sherlock handed John three sheets, all packed tightly with text.
Stean sniffled, trying to get his tears under control. "Love is more necessary where there's killing than anywhere else," he said in a choked voice.
"He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty..."
Dr Kenny had said.
Sherlock was shocked that his sister was speaking. She hadn't said a single word to him since they'd started playing together.
"I know." Sherlock's embrace tightened. "I know."
We continue to sit there without speaking. Watson eats some of his bread and cheese, preoccupied. I drink the tea, then take two or three spoonfuls of the porridge Watson optimistically nudges in my direction.
Martin gave him a searching look. His lips curled in a smile. "You hesitated," he said. "And you smiled. You were thinking of someone you love."
"I'm going to join you," Martin said. "That will give you relief."
"No. It was just my brother. James couldn't do it. He stayed with me and we rounded up the sheep together. Then Alistair came back with the bloody hoe..." Her voice falters.
A long look. Sherlock wasn't making fun of him. John saw it in his eyes. He wasn't making fun.
John released their connection, wiped his face, blew his nose. Then he looked up, into Sherlock's face.
. A project description. Copy -- paste.
"Sherlock!" John cried.
John tried to reach Sherlock again. But he still didn't have any reception on his smart phone. Not even once he'd passed the Urbach saddle. That made John suspicious. He knew he'd had reception at the fork leading up to the Engelhorn lodge the first time, when he'd gone up there last week. Why was it gone now? Was someone preventing him from contacting Sherlock? Or Mycroft? Or anyone at all? Because he couldn't contact anyone right now. He was all alone. Isolated. He was completely on his own in this fog-dense, wet, slippery, rain-drenched desert. It was cold and damp. No one else around.
Sherlock stared at John, then looked away from his friend, stunned. It was like being kicked in the gut. Unexpected. Painful. He felt sick. He tried to breathe. No. No. Sherlock shook his head.
"They're men who include the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost in their most intimate union. Who unify their strength as a couple with the divine in an all-inclusive present. They're like a reactor of divine love and mercy, a spiritual power station unifying God and man at the deepest level. They're like Christ," Sherlock corrected him.
"Trouble?" she asked as she set the drink down in front of John. John was sitting all the way at the end of the bar. He didn't feel like talking to anyone.
Two and a half years later.
But Sherlock didn't say any of that. He didn't laugh. He didn't even pull a face. He remained serious. A silence fell between them. The server brought two fresh glasses of whiskey. Sherlock finished his first one, handed over the empty glass, took the full one and set it on the table in front of him. His fingers continued to spin it.
"She's right," Sherlock continued after a while. "It's overwhelming and unsettling and I can't handle it."
Sherlock glanced at Lestrade, who'd been listening in.
The bell sounded surreal after the splash of the wine falling into the cup.
Then the ritual seemed to be over. The people split up, chatting now, laughing, sat in groups around the clearing. Containers and bottles were unpacked and passed around. It appeared that the actual party was getting started.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Sherlock was aggravated. More at Mycroft's expression of astonishment and disgust than at Eurus's shameless directness.
D minor. Yes, that was good. D minor. It was close to everything that went on in a daily routine, in plain old C major. It was close in pitch yet so distant in meaning, creeping up slowly in references and connections. The theme. Clear and astonishing. No, it wasn't a simple theme even if it seemed simplistic at first. The initial movement, the jump up a sixth from C to A, was the centrepiece. An astonishing null statement that went beyond any context, the initiatory point for the daring about-faces and combinations in every direction.
"Sleep in my room?" John asked.
Phil worked with the same calm and attention he brought to bear in person. There wasn't a single frantic moment. Now and then, Phil would look up from the patient, from the machines, and his bright eyes – glowing even more strikingly through the dark green surgical visor – met Ashley's. Sometimes John's. Then his smile would deepen, just for a moment. His eyes were always smiling, even when he was concentrating on his work. There didn't seem to be anything that could rattle his inner peace.
John looked into the pale eyes. "Friendship is one thing, Sherlock. I'm not talking about friendship. That will keep. But what we've started between us is different. I want to let it happen, you know. I want to have it with you."
Martin kept working with John as if nothing had happened. They stood up together and turned toward the King's shield.
"What's wrong, John?" Sherlock asked without any transition, his manner abruptly turning serious.
It was quiet for a long time; absolute silence in the therapist's office. Just the sound of Ella's pen on the paper as she took notes.
The berries are dried. I extract a handful from the sack, bind them up in my handkerchief, and stow them in my trouser pocket.
The little prince's fears for his flower, which was under constant threat. Doubting his love for her. She was so hard to understand. So contradictory. So high maintenance. He'd interpreted trivial words as deadly serious, had become unhappy as a result of the misunderstanding. Had fled. The realisation came too late:
"Everything all right with you?" he asked.
"It's fine, John. I'm not insulted."
"Everything that's happened. Between him and you. With you. With the brotherhood. With him and his partner. With me."
"You have two horses?" I ask, pointing at the nearby paddock where a chestnut horse with a dun-coloured mane and a black horse are peacefully tearing at the grass.
"What is it?" John asked. It came out with more impatience than he'd intended.
"An heirloom?" the clockmaker asked, organising the pieces on the table.
"Then give him some time. He's being well taken care of at Rosenfeld."
"Of course."
The journal began one day after John had moved into the flat they shared. A description of Sherlock.
"Did all of the victims take part in these systemic rituals?"
The taxi driver nodded when John held the piece of paper out to him and indicated he didn't understand a word of what was said. The taxi stank of alcohol and perspiration. John leaned back against the torn upholstery of the back seat and stared out at the surreal cityscape. Frozen to high heaven. Big, desolate, cold.
Sherlock closed his eyes when John's hand rubbed across his back; a moment later, his friend leaned into him, his face pressed against Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock took a deep breath then released slowly. They breathed. Simply breathed, eyes closed. Leaning together, close and solid. No room for doubt.
Once back home, Sherlock started pacing around the living room. Restless. Impatient. Back and forth. Back and forth. He didn't know what else to do. He couldn't stop thinking about the meeting with the clockmaker. He missed the ticking of the clock on the wall. He missed John.
"Looks like you two got bit hard," Martin said.
The pedestrian signal turned red. John dragged Sherlock across the street to the pavement, his hand like a steel band around his friend's upper arm with the thick wool of his coat. Sherlock was unwieldy, but John didn't leave a shadow of a doubt that they needed to move off the street.
"And you're Sergej, Andrej's son," John replied to complete the ritual.
Dr Kenny laughed heartily. "Nothing," she said. "Everything's fine, Sherlock. I'd just like to speak to you in private, kind of an exit interview, before you leave the Centre."
John stopped where he was. Closed his eyes. Rain pounded down on him, enveloping him. He tried to sense Sherlock, to find him with the eyes of his heart. But his heart was murky and sore. He needed to endure the pain and the fear. There was no reasonable alternative. Nothing he could change now. John turned around and went back to the Baer.
"For which Holmes?" he asked tonelessly.
Her pace was calm and smooth, lively but unhurried, as she entered the restaurant and approached their table, warm physicality and purposeful clarity unified in one. She wore a simple, dark wine-red dress that didn't exactly emphasise the curves of her body, but it also didn't hide them. She had a scarf of the same colour slung over her shoulder. Her reddish, slightly frizzy hair was loose, combed forward over one shoulder.
John hung his jacket on the hook and took off his shoes. Sherlock stood there, undecided.
"It's not about living together."
"John," I whisper. My voice rasps roughly over my burnt vocal cords. "Forgive me."
They didn't speak, he and John. There was nothing to say. Things were good. John smiled when his eyes met Sherlock's, and Sherlock smiled back.
"That's not true though, John," Sherlock said calmly, adding in writing:
"By taxi?"
"How did you know where I was?"
Sherlock held onto the cold metal, leaned his entire weight against the railing, staring out into the damp morning sky. All of his attention anxiously on John, who stood next to him. He was also resting his entire weight against the railing, pressed up against it, exhausted, numb. His eyes were closed and he was sucking the cold air into his lungs, deep and greedy, before letting it out in a shaky stream. The scent of a new day that cut through the soul like a knife. Pain-infused morning air that stung in the lungs. Light that burnt the eyes. There was no morning. No new day. The night was firmly anchored in the cold walls of the hospital.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes in consternation, taken by surprise at the unexpected offer. His heart was thudding in his chest. The request scared him. The trust and intimacy that went along with it, the responsibility towards John. The responsibility towards what had begun between them, and was cautiously, timidly trying to find its place in their everyday life. Perhaps it was love. John sat there calmly, the picture of stoicism and resolve. His courage and his fearlessness both impressed and touched Sherlock.
"All right," he finally said quietly. "There was sexual contact between Martin and myself. It was during the ritual. Martin distanced himself from it. He said he was acting as a proxy for you and it was all about you. He said you were my ex, and I had a problem letting you go. He advised me to set things straight. But outside of the ritual, in the club, Martin told me he was looking for friendship and love with a man. That was before the ritual. I was only playing my role at first, but then I realised I wanted that too. Having Martin so close, so openly, made me aware of how much I wanted it."
"What hit you the hardest, Dr Watson?" Dr Kenny asked calmly.
"I'll tend the garden for you," Sherlock said affectionately.
It was almost midnight and Sherlock still wasn't back. John had showered and changed. He lay fully dressed on the hotel bed. There was no way he could sleep. He had mobile reception again but Sherlock wasn't reacting to calls or texts. He couldn't reach Mycroft either. John had tried for hours to contact one of them. He'd asked at the hotel reception desk, but the man there hadn't seen Sherlock and didn't know anything. John had looked for clues in the room but hadn't found anything there either.
"It's... nice," Sherlock whispered haltingly. His heart was beating hard and fast. He was still looking into John's eyes, where embarrassment was starting to show. Sherlock held John's hand firmly, hoping he understood. There was so much he wanted to say. So much. How scared he was of being touched this way. There was so much promise in it, opening up a world they wouldn't be able to shut down again. A world of desire. His deepest desires. His fear of demands he didn't know if he could fulfill. His heartfelt plea for leniency. For time. For patience. For space. For a chance to sort things out and understand them.
"Don't you like it?" Sherlock asked cautiously.
He closed his eyes, rubbed Sherlock's back affectionately, over his wet woollen coat. He felt Sherlock's laboured breaths, felt him shaking in his arms, and snugged him in even more firmly. It was fine, it was good like this. All the restlessness, the doubts, the fear of the past few hours had found a path. A way. It was good.
"He's a business partner of mine."
Their eyes met, breathless, when it was over. The mighty trunk of the fir tree lay just a few metres away. The tip of a branch had grazed them. Sherlock's hand was bleeding. John had a scrape on his back. Then they ran on, hand in hand, gasping, not letting go until they'd reached the edge of the woods and safety.
John chose the items to pack in his suitcase with care. Underwear, street clothes. The clerical garb: alb, cassock, a plain stole. He settled the chalice wrapped in white linen in between the clothes, placing the Bible, catechism and liturgical book on top of everything else. That was all he needed as an army chaplain who had served in Afghanistan. The most important item was the small wooden box with the phial of consecrated olive oil for the sacrament of the anointing of the sick and dying. Greg had provided him with everything he'd asked for.
Martin gave him time. He simply held onto John and waited.
"Thank you, John."
"See you," Sherlock said softly and ended the call.
"It will warm up soon," the man said.
Sherlock tuned the other strings to the standard pitch. A perfect fifth. What a pleasure a perfect fifth was! The clarity when the quavering caused by the slight difference in frequency between the two tones suddenly faded, merging into the overtones, resolved into one, exact and true. Reduced to that breathtaking serenity and power. Sherlock closed his eyes. He tuned the instrument slowly and deliberately. An extremely sensual experience. A highly intellectual process. The vibrations. Synchronising them, hearing the purity, seeing it, feeling it, taking pleasure in it. The resonance of the instrument, a masterpiece of art, of science, of sensuality. The violin. His violin.
"How about you, Dr Watson? How are you dealing with the fact that this was all just a set-up?" Dr Kenny asked, turning to John.
"Variation 2 is particularly challenging. I'll need to have a look at it with Jonah and see how it can be played on a clarinet," John said, pulling the cloth through the barrel and rubbing it dry.
"And that is?"
Sherlock was satisfied. 'Smile,' he wrote above the lines of music. Then he crossed the word out and wrote 'Variation 1'. Music didn't need an explanatory note.
It turned into a long night. Rose's computer expert had found the computer that was responsible for controlling Copernicus. They'd also found an NAS server with encrypted and encoded access data for public buildings. All of the information was in the Holloway network. The computational capacity outstripped that of the prison's internet cafe and administrative computers by severalfold,  indicating that there was a hidden computer room somewhere in Holloway. The facts were sufficient to order a house search. Lestrade submitted the paperwork right away.
John's footsteps coming out of the bathroom. He closed the door. Hesitated.
"We'll start over, Sherlock," John said gently. "The two of us together. With new conditions, together with Nora. You've created the basis for it. You're a mad, presumptuous, foolhardy arse, you know that? And I'm afraid I love you more than ever."
"I just wanted to be sure," John replied. "I'll tell Jonah he should ask you directly in that case."
"The dog was rounding up the sheep, Doctor. Not Waugh."
* O lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee: Let my prayer come before thee: incline thine ear unto my cry; For my soul is full of troubles. (Psalm 88, KJV)
"Yes, he is."
"The chestnut gelding belongs to us," she says. "The young stallion belongs to the Waughs. They've given him to us to take care of."
John got home around eight. His nerves were shot, he'd fretted the rest of the night, second-guessing himself, struggling against panic and his own fears. He'd even thought about going after Sherlock, trying to find him. But his duty as a doctor, his responsibility towards his patients, had weighed more heavily.
John had thought, unchecked, 'You'd better not fall in love with Sherlock!'
"I'm going to take a shower," he whispered in John's ear. "And I need some money and your bank card." He paused one more moment, then decisively broke the embrace and got up. John sat there, still dazed by everything that had happened, and was happening.
"And your contact with the Celtic Circle and the tip with Burnham Beeches was worth its weight in gold, Sherlock. Thanks!"
"Miss Boon. You will bear your child in gaol and it will be taken from you," Inspector Schofield presses. "Speak now. You did not kill anyone. You will only receive a mild punishment for being accessory after the fact if you confess. Think of your child!"
"I don't think that's necessary," Sherlock said, now defiant.
Sherlock enjoyed sitting on the couch all day, his leg propped up, his laptop on his lap or his violin tucked under his chin. He'd been worried at first that he'd be bored, alone in the flat all day, but surprisingly that wasn't the case. He enjoyed not having Mrs Hudson disturb his peace. In the two days since he'd been there, he'd mainly played the violin and slept a lot. He couldn't recall the last time he'd slept so much and so well. A quiet sense of happiness floated like an enchantment over the periods when he lay there dozing, letting his thoughts be carried away by the dapples of sunlight painted on the living room wall by the midday sun; they moved with the sun's progression, becoming longer and paler, climbing the wall diagonally before finally fading away on the top shelf of the bookcase at the end of the day. A process that announced John would be arriving home soon.
John was surprised. More by the earnestness and respect contained in Callum's words than what they said.
Sherlock played with it, looked for more notes. The start of a theme. It opened up right away with the sixth, only to withdraw again, approaching the sixth again, light, hesitant, finally hit it after several playful tries, only to back away again, slowly, staggering drunkenly to the ground. As if everything had been fulfilled.
Marutamaya Ogatsu? No need to think twice. Sherlock HAD to go.
"I realise that," Sherlock countered. "Come in anyway."
John had folded his hands behind his head, letting the thoughts, doubts, and fears parade through it, observing them. It smelled of wood now, like an open fire, the snug warmth of the hearth spreading to the upper storey. Sherlock was rummaging around in the rooms. When he finally crawled into bed with John, he'd showered as well, taken the splint off his leg and wrapped it up. He was freshly shaved and smelled spicy, like the shower gel he used. He lay close to John so that they were touching, head to head.
"What's wrong, John?" Sherlock asked sleepily. He'd turned over.
"You're a friend?"
"No, I don't know what it's like. But it does not justify murder. Never. Who killed Waugh's wife, Miss Boon?" I ask.
"This is Sherlock." John extricated himself from the hulking man, who stood even taller than Sherlock.
*****
Ethan looked up, searching John's eyes. "Why is that important for you?" he asked.
"He's my brother, John."
John stared at the mess of blood, brain, bone splinters, and hair for a few seconds. His hand had clawed into Mycroft's sleeve. He gagged. Closed his eyes. Nodded. Let go of Mycroft. In distress.
The alarm on his smart phone buzzed beneath John's pillow, waking him. 5:30 a.m. A new summer's day dawned in the mountains outside. Next to him, burrowed underneath the comforter, Sherlock slept on. John slipped out of the bed and went into the bathroom, showered, cleaned his teeth, and got dressed. He had everything ready. Two shakes later, he stood at the door with his bags. A glance back at the bed. Sherlock was still asleep. The long body was visible beneath the blanket, curled up, dark tangled curls amidst white linen. The sight was unexpectedly painful. John struggled with himself for several moments not to give up all of his plans and get back into bed, to just let everything happen. But then he pulled himself together and left.
"We break up. You leave. I'll consider you dead and mourn for you. You're free for your mission. That's what you want, isn't it?"
John smirked at the quick response, and on a mischievous, joyous whim, slid both hands into Sherlock's hair, tugged his friend's head back a bit, and kissed him passionately. They didn't stop until they were overheated and breathless. They looked into each other's feverish eyes, panting, and smiled.
Sherlock swallowed hard before saying, "I'll read your texts. I promise."
"Mary didn't want me to."
Lestrade peeked behind the table. "We've got them," he said to John. "I'll call an ambulance."
"A ritual killing?" John asked. His voice came out hoarse. His own train of thought confused him.
All of my knowledge is useless in the face of such an abundance of emotion. None of the categories, models and methods can explain this beauty. This momentary enchantment. Nor can they explain what this man means to me who lies beside me in the grass, spread out, from whom I cannot avert my gaze. My gaze, which probes its way across his body, under his shirt. His chest is firm and powerful. I know how it feels. The thin strip of hair that gathers beneath his navel, gradually merging into the darker pubic hair. I know every part of him. As he does of me. We know each other well. Too well. Much better than is seemly for two men. Even if they are the closest of friends.
"Lexical fingerprint," the police officer said. "Ninety-eight percent."
Sherlock had expected something along those lines, but the significance of that statement hit him hard. He'd never doubted, not even for a moment, that the memory stick would contain the correct information about Mary's past. How naive! He wouldn't be able to tell John, could never tell him. It would break his heart.
"What are you doing here?" the woman asked again, distinctly less friendly than the first time.
"I was in therapy."
John woke up to the sound of kitchen noises and the smell of a wood fire. He was lying in the narrow bed in the mountain cabin, Sherlock with his arms wrapped around him from behind and holding him tight. The breath on the nape of his neck was soft and warm. Sherlock was asleep. John stretched cautiously. He felt stiff and battered, his entire body sore. He hadn't been able to relax or really sleep. And what little he had slept was much too short. He hadn't dozed off until close to dawn, after Sherlock had drifted off, exhausted.
"I swore to protect her," Sherlock said.
Sherlock's fingers moved down to John's groin, brushed shyly past his genitals to his thighs, then back up on the inside, careful, attentive. Sherlock lifted his eyes. Dark depths that swirled in John's gaze.
Nothing for a while. Then Martin said, "Yes, cry, Sherlock. That's good. Grieve for that lonely child."
"I always dreamed it could be like this," John said quietly. "But when I was awake, I didn't believe it anymore."
"No, Mrs Hudson."
"Looking for you."
John looked at the picture with the name shining through all those layers, dominating everything else. His name. A surge of heat that he couldn't suppress. John inhaled deeply, closed his eyes for a moment. The truth in the background. It was unavoidable, couldn't be overridden. Not by him, and not by Sherlock. The realisation flowed through John, a wave of profound sentiment that suffused his entire being. John looked up and their gazes met. The severity in Sherlock's eyes had melted away, the blue gone soft. John hesitated a moment before giving in to his instincts, going to his friend and hugging him. Sherlock received him, embraced him in a way that took his breath away. Intimately, no resistance. Sherlock's body up close, a connection. John gasped when Sherlock opened his legs where he sat leaning back against the window sill, and John nestled in closer. Their proximity flooded John's body with heat. He let it happen. That was part of the truth. He desired Sherlock, and Sherlock knew that and felt it, and it was okay.
Sherlock had said to him once. And after John had pointed out that that was the same as running away, he'd replied:
Sherlock froze. It was deathly silent for several heartbeats. He tried to take slow, deep breaths. Then he said, "You solved the case. Or else you're involved."
"That's John," Martin said softly. "You're aligned with him like a compass needle to the north pole. Describe what you feel."
Sherlock felt dismay and helplessness rush through him like a wave of physical weakness. He leaned hard against the door frame and tried to breathe. Tried to remain standing. Tried to accept what John had said. To hear it and understand it. Fully. Not just with his head. He tried to look at John as he did so. To meet John's eyes and allow him to see Sherlock's naked emotions. And his fear of them.
"Phil can give you more details about St Anna's and the club," Lestrade said once they'd all sat down again.
"Are they held regularly?"
"Fine," Sherlock said brusquely, without reacting to the veiled suggestion that he bore part of the parental burden. "Any news?"
. Callum only mentioned it in passing in his dissertation. It wasn't a topic for the public. Not even back then. The Chalice.
"What truth?"
Their eyes lingered on each other. Then Sherlock turned away.
"I'm here," John said.
"A spice. Some kind of pepper. My wife seasoned everything she could with it."
A spark flew up into the sky from the middle of the Serpentine, straight as an arrow, drawing a thin line across the night. Just as the light reached its crest and began its descent, it released a white sphere from the tip. It floated there for a moment, motionless. Everyone held their breath. An ear-splitting bang, and the night sky was littered with spraying crystals, hissing as they burned before they started to fall.
"Yes?" he said as neutrally as possible.
Sherlock smiled. "It's all ready," he said. "You just need to like the cottage, and it's all ours."
They both stood up and left the circular ritual space. Martin extinguished the candle and put it back on the little table. They first walked around the outer circuit again, going through the descriptions of the archetypes.
Lestrade laid out a mobile phone, a gun, and several pieces of paper on the table in front of John and Sherlock.
"Plates?"
Sherlock reached out his hand. John let his fingertips touch his friend's, slid breathlessly along the slender fingers, his gaze lost in icy blue. The field between them collapsed. It wasn't possible to play anymore. That's just how it was. John told himself that's just how it was. That it was Sherlock. That it was both of them, the way they loved. This uncontrollable ferocity that broke loose. That they just accepted the way it was.
"I just wanted to..."
"That wasn't true, John. I'm sorry I lied to you. It was part of my role."
"Davide was still alive."
"She's only been alive for a couple of hours," Sherlock said warily.
There were always women between them. Women who told them who they were, what they were. Who told them they belonged together. Mrs Hudson, who didn't hesitate to meddle. Irene Adler. Mary. Molly. Eurus. Ella. And now Rosie. Although the little girl couldn't talk yet, she was still a kind of bridge. Were they truly unable to understand what they were to each other without being defined via a female interface? Were they honestly unable to face each other as two men who loved each other? Did they always need a female between them, a connector, a buffer, a safety zone? Why did they hide behind Rosie, inserting her between them whenever it came to physical contact and affection? Like an unhappy couple trying to save their marriage by having a child together. A surface on which to project everything they couldn't give each other. A defenseless substitute to enact their unfulfilled hopes and desires.
"Not good?"
"That's why I couldn't clue you in. I'm asking you to forgive me for that, John. It was the hardest part, you know. I had to make you believe my breakdowns were all made up and I had everything under control. I know I didn't succeed in that."
John's grey eyes searched Sherlock's. Sherlock's pulse beat hard and fast. It was difficult to endure this conversation. To endure all of these things, this intimacy. Secrets. Buried deep down, since time immemorial. Lured out of a dark cave like skittish, wild animals. Tempted to the cave entrance until the point at which the first rays of diffuse light revealed a vague outline of their shape. Secrets that sometimes stretched forth their heads, blinded and unseeing in the brightness. That sometimes withdrew again, growling. And sometimes left their den, feeling their way curiously into the light, stretching and showing themselves in their hideousness and their beauty.
"Mr Holmes?"
"You'd better come, Sherlock. Immediately. I've sent a taxi. It should be there any moment."
Ella Thompson didn't follow up, simply let the statement hang in the room. No comment. She simply fell silent.
When the day dawned, Sherlock closed the blinds and pulled the blackout curtains. He made himself some tea, ate the piece of apple pie Mrs Hudson had brought – and which had sat untouched in the refrigerator for the past two days. The world was waking up outside. Five in the morning. He needed to sleep. To eat. John would want him to, would pay attention to things like that. To him. To his health. To the way he lived. John would take care of him, guide him, watch out for him. Give him structure, direction, routine. But John wasn't there.
"I'll shower first," he called back up to Sherlock, who stood there speechless. He then took a deep breath and realised he was still wearing his street clothes and desperately needed a shower too. And he decided to make good use of their time together that evening to start a new, rather lively chapter of their life together: the clarinet. Emmy Noether was long dead anyway.
"Let's try it together," he said quietly within the warm woollen cocoon, close to Sherlock's ear. "
"Crypt?" Sherlock looked amused. "The rituals take place in bog standard churches. Anyway, John and Father Conley won't cross paths. Conley doesn't move in those circles."
"You live all alone in that huge house?"
"Where is Sherlock?" John asked, his voice low.
"Part-time in St Anna's," Linda answered. "According to her, her partner got her the job through his connections at the club."
"Am I pretty enough yet?" John teased.
They were in a private clinic. The best. Sergej watched over John, who insisted on seeing Sherlock immediately. Sergej could visit Andrej any time. He was his son. John didn't count as a relative, just a friend. He wasn't married to Andrej. Only to Sherlock. But there was no Sherlock here. John stuck to the story and Sergej didn't ask, just made sure John could see his partner.
"I came to play the violin with you," Sherlock interrupted his sister. "Could we perhaps focus on that?"
Sherlock closed his eyes when he heard John's footsteps going into the bathroom. The shower.
Sherlock didn't know whether he'd said the name out loud or whispered it, formed it silently with his lips or only thought it.
They'd washed up together, cleared everything away, stepped outside the door and took in some of the fresh night air, had a look at what the weather was doing, the rain. Sherlock had checked the gutter drain, had run out and come back in from the wet night, dripping, drops in his hair, smiling, their hands had touched, their shoulders grazed as they turned in the doorway to go back into the cabin. Intention or coincidence. The air crackled between them. They had the cabin all to themselves. They had time. They had each other.
"Why should we?" Greg fired back. "A nun charged with multiple felonies should be a hot topic for the public. It's not something you come across every day."
Dr Kenny had still laughed. "Don't worry. We're only changing the goal of the therapy. The methods and the means are the same, with a couple of small exceptions."
An old woman who had come out of the clinic right behind him held an open bottle of vodka out under his nose. John took it and drank. Not just one sip, but several. The liquid burned and warmed him. John returned the bottle. He reached into his jacket, pulled out a bank note, but the old woman waved it off, murmured something, a cloud of steam in front of her face, and tottered off. John watched her go, a dark, bent figure, woollen blanket pulled over her head and shoulders, a slow, limping gait. She was swallowed up by the grim night.
"You've packed," Sherlock said.
"I'm meeting him at the station."
It was a tiny amount, a single drop. John took Sherlock's hand and licked off the finger he held out to him. The taste was sweet and spicy, and John took the entire finger into his mouth to suck on it.
"Can you exclude the possibility that it was a woman who struck down the farmer's wife?" I ask Watson after the neighbour has left the sitting room.
"Of course, Holmes. What's your plan?"
Laboratory? Hm. Sherlock was a chemist. It made sense that he'd also given himself that career as Andrej.
John shook his head firmly. "My leg hurts and I'm tired, Sherlock. I haven't done anything else the last five days other than climb all the bloody mountains in the area. Rosenhorn, Tschingel, Engelhörner, Balmeregghorn, Hochstollen."
Two days later, shortly after 10 p.m., John returned home from his late shift at St Bartholomew's Hospital and heard the long, low, drawn-out tones of the violin as soon as he started up the stairs. Something must have happened. Sherlock only did that when something was really bothering him.
"No, not at Harry's."
He ended the call and entered John's number.
John sat down at his side and picked up his uninjured hand. Silent. He just sat there and held Sherlock's hand. There was nothing to say. John couldn't even think. Sherlock was alive. John was numb. The world was far away. Sherlock was close. Very close. As close as in that final hour. Utterly ensconced in each other. Everything fine. They were together. There was nothing to think about. John was hooked up to an IV himself. His body had poisoned itself, his kidneys weren't out of the woods yet, and his muscles kept cramping up. Blackouts and memory problems. And he was so terribly tired. He sat at Sherlock's bedside, watching their hands, intertwined, and he wasn't sure, couldn't be sure, whether this was a dream or not.
Sherlock looked down at John's hands holding the book. He had lovely hands. Strong and harmonious, his fingers straight and even, the relation between the size of his hands and the length of his fingers aesthetically pleasing, instilling a sense of trust, his fingernails well-shaped and cared for as always. This wasn't the first time Sherlock had noticed. He longed to be touched by those hands. Merely thinking of it now sent a jolt of heat through his body, and he closed his eyes for a moment. He needed John. He wanted John. His body reacted to John. He wanted to be close to John, to understand him, wanted to be familiar with him, secure in his love for him. He wanted to read the journal, and learn. Learn to love. Learn to be loved. He looked up, meeting his friend's eyes.
"I'm sorry," Greg Lestrade said, "but we do need to question you officially. You've already met Mr Holmes and Dr Watson."
"I'm here because I need your help to find her," he finally said. "I don't want you to solve the case. But I need someone to help me think."
to Copernicus. John shook his head, distraught, and buried his face in his hands. Sherlock, who had sensed the movement behind him, turned around and looked at his friend with concern. He couldn't let him think too much, couldn't let him go under.
"Come back, John," Sherlock said weakly, adding in an even smaller voice, "I don't just mean for the job."
"It's the best institution for infant care around," Mycroft spoke up, clearly uncomfortable. "Sophie is  truly in the best of hands here."
"Where did your mother get those materials in the first place?" John asked. "From you?"
"There aren't any."
Dozens of text messages every day. Bearing witness to the fact that John was thinking of him. Thinking of him constantly. All day. Just like Sherlock thought of him. Constantly. During the day. John slept at night. Sherlock didn't. His smart phone lay on the table. Sherlock picked it up. No new messages. He kept pacing. The song was still stuck in his head.
Sherlock observed his friend, still sitting there, his posture taut. He didn't know what John had heard. He didn't know what had been communicated between them, all those things that superseded any logic.
"I've got them," the man said excitedly into a walkie-talkie, even as he tried to hold back the large dog he had on a lead.
John pushed the empty plate away. He racked his brains, needed more time. He got up, gathered up the dishes, brought them to the sink. He took the dishtowel, cleaned the table, put the towel back. Then he sat down with Sherlock at the table, still thinking. Sherlock had waited. He hadn't pressed, hadn't followed him around, hadn't prompted him to go faster, hadn't rushed John, no impatience, no urgent words. It was... spooky. John looked his friend over.
"No, Sherlock Holmes," she said with a smile. "I won't confess anything to you as I've done nothing wrong. If you believe differently, you'll have to prove it."
John staggered and grabbed onto Sherlock. He didn't approach the child, instead covering his eyes with one hand while the other dug into Sherlock's coat. Then he turned, turned toward Sherlock and sagged against him. Sherlock wrapped his good arm around John and held him tight. John cried on his shoulder, overwhelmed by emotions, by relief, by sentiment, perhaps by grief, by fear. John cried on his shoulder and Sherlock held him tight, held him tucked in close, a tender, comforting embrace. Sherlock blinked away his own tears, flooded with warmth. He stroked John's back, explicitly, unashamed, and pressed his face into John's hair in an uninhibited moment, meeting Mycroft's gaze a moment later.
"The diamonds are moulded into the candles," Sherlock whispered lasciviously as his tongue lapped at John's lips. "The candles that are given to the priests and their partners during the bonding ritual. They're kept in some secret location, guarded by a fire-breathing dragon."
"Where is your husband, Mrs Boon?" I ask.
The witness sat in the interrogation room at the Yard, having already made her statement. She'd heard noises down on the street that night and looked out her window only to see three figures overpowering a man and ripping the baby away from him that he'd carried in a kangaroo pack on his chest. The man had been able to hold back one of the kidnappers and delivered a fierce fight. The other two had fled with the child. The woman had called the police straightaway. The police car had arrived right when the one man knocked the other one down, leaving him motionless on the pavement. The two police officers had grabbed the man, still reeling from the fight, and tried to hold him down, but he'd fought back hard, ranted and raved about going after the kidnappers, right now, saying his daughter had been stolen. And that they needed to let Sherlock Holmes know. But the two officers hadn't listened, hadn't seen the kidnapping, just the man lying inert on the ground and the other one who had done it to him. After a few minutes, a second patrol car had arrived, and the four of them had managed to subdue the frenzied man. The paramedics who showed up shortly thereafter reanimated the man lying on the ground and took him away. That was it. The woman hadn't seen anything else. But it was enough to prove that John had acted in self-defense.
"I think I'd better introduce myself first so you know what you're getting into," he said. His smile released a bouquet of tiny lines at the corner of his eyes.
"I don't get it, Sherlock," he said. "You were undercover here, conducting an investigation. But Dave had nothing to do with the murder and the Lowe case was solved by Lestrade. So what, exactly, were you investigating?"
"I know."
Sherlock swallowed and nodded, sat on the edge of the bed and said again, his voice hoarse: "Get undressed for me, John. All the way."
Mycroft nodded. He was ashen.
"We should stop this investigation, Sherlock," he said cautiously, making an effort to sound reasonable. "The therapy's getting too deep. It has nothing to do with the role anymore. Look at yourself."
Sherlock was right to be jealous.
"Dr Halsey's in Dallington. My husband would have lost a lot of blood by the time we got there."
mutans EVAe nomen.
"An address," Sherlock had replied.
Mycroft stopped by and discussed the formalities with Sherlock, with a care and caution that Sherlock never would have ascribed to him. Mycroft took care of everything, organised the burial, which was kept as short and private as possible. John, Sherlock, Mycroft, Mrs Hudson, Sister Magdalena. They put Sophie with Mary. They didn't publish a death notice. No one had known Sophie.
Sherlock stopped where he was. "Yes," he said. "As far as I know that is the usual procedure. The copyright remains with the author unless there's some contract in place. Why do you ask?"
He slid on top of John, nestled against him, hungering for closeness, for togetherness, ground his erection into him. John arched up, opened his legs, made room for him and at the same time reduced the amount of space between them before returning Sherlock's kiss and urging him on, insistent now, unrestrained, no more questions. Frantic sixteenths disintegrated into trioles, burst into arpeggios, untamed, harsh, uncontrollable.
"What can I do for you?" she asked. She had a soft, pleasant voice.
"Amongst other things," Sherlock answered evasively.
John's mobile rang. John stopped, took it out of his jacket. He took a couple of steps away from Sherlock, talked to someone, listened. Sherlock started when John grabbed his arm roughly, his face pale.
"Quick!" Callum cried, his voice breathless and frantic. "Martin. Down in the club..."
Now that John had stopped, he noticed that his legs were shaky and painful. His ears were swollen shut. The difference in elevation. He needed fluids. He forced himself to take a break, sit down, eat the energy bar, have a drink. Celine had given him tea to take along, isotonic, lightly sweetened. He drank it. A large amount. He was tired and drained from the unaccustomed hike. And from the mental stress. It took all the strength he had to remain calm, not to panic. To keep a lid on the tumult inside him. Not to constantly think of Sherlock. Not to speculate about what had happened, just to concentrate on the trail.
John stood there and watched him. Sherlock. He was old. Bony. His face lined, his skin like leather, his hair grey. And yet he was so familiar, so painfully familiar.
"Oh, before I forget," John said. "About the variations: you dedicated them to me and gave them to me, but you still hold the copyright, yeah?"
"The golden stole," John said hesitantly. "It symbolises the yoke of Christ."
John's honest grey eyes. Sherlock swallowed and nodded.
"Part of it. Several things came together for you, didn't they? You demanded that Peter break it off with Gordon, but he decided to stay with his sick boyfriend. He left you hanging with two small children, one of them severely disabled. The amount of care and the financial burden is hardly manageable for one person. On top of that the HIV infection. The two of them destroyed your life, and you threatened to do the same to them. They chose suicide. Your partner first, and Gordon a little later – under the pressure you exerted. You found out about the Chalice and swore revenge on that funny little club that had destroyed your life. Your personal computer shows how intensively you did your research. You tried to gain access to the recipe for the lethal Chalice. We found your fingerprints all over inside Callum's poison cabinet. You got the key from Darian and Seal. But you couldn't find anything useful. So you mixed your own poison."
Sholto's healthy hand rested on the table, relaxed. John felt for it. Their hands closed over each other and they looked at each other the way they often had out in the field before battles and unwinnable encounters, ready to die for each other. Ready to lose themselves.
"I'll find her," Sherlock promised. "And I'll get you out of here. Just give me some time."
She nods, sobbing in a heart-wrenching manner.
He took the pad of paper and wrote:
"Inside me and outside me."
"I can sleep here, John."
"She's dead. There's no doubt about that. Spare yourself the sight."
Lestrade gave him a look. "You don't know, do you?"
"Sherlock?"
"Sherlock. What is going on here?"
Mycroft leaned against the wall of the tiny room in the infirmary where Eurus lay in state. His face was white and blank; Sherlock only saw it for a moment, but it alarmed him more than the sight of the dead woman. Was it really Eurus? That lucid smile. Was she dead? Was she truly dead? Or was this a new game she was playing with them? Sherlock reached his hand out to the sheet covering Eurus's neck, but John held onto his wrist.
Sherlock nodded tiredly and made as if to stand. John held him back.
Mycroft.
"Then why?"
At the front, three steps led up to the chancel, behind it the choir screen. A high altar of wood, painted to look as if it were made of dark red marble. Flash and show. It was just a divider, separating the lay worshippers from the monks. In the middle, an oversized depiction of Christ stood over the sanctuary, posed as if delivering a blessing, a stylised heart exposed on his chest. He gazed down at the faithful, flanked by angels and significant saints on the left and right.
"They chose the second path," the nun said.
"Make a suggestion. You have five to choose from."
"No. Stay with Rosie. I'll be right back."
," Sherlock echoed.
"Spin around," Martin said once they were in the centre.
"At the hotel."
John, aware of the seriousness of the statement, had answered, straightforward and honest: "Yes, I love you, Sherlock. I'm only starting to understand what that means. Thanks to the therapy here. Thanks to Nora. Thanks to everything that's happened."
"Exactly, Sherlock," John said angrily, pointing his finger forcefully at his friend. "That's exactly what I don't like."
John stood up and went over to the shallow shore of the lake, squatted down and dipped his hands into the water. It was clear and icy. He scooped the cold liquid up to his face, cooled off the back of his neck.
"Yeah, sure. What do you need to know?"
Sherlock stared off into the distance. "I can't," he admitted.
"Try."
"I wish to share what belongs to the two of us together as often as possible, Holmes. No matter what the world thinks of it."
'I was surprised to see you at the market in Baghdad,' Death said, 'because we had an appointment in Samarra.'
"Three years," said Sherlock.
"You're right. I don't know anything about women," Sherlock said simply, turning to Linda. "Is that a motive for a woman?" he asked her. "Being left by a man?" His voice sounded calm, but John could hear the vibrations in it. Sherlock was wound up like a spring about to snap.
Their eyes met. Sherlock's pale eyes were tender and uncertain. John didn't know what to do or say. It was an unexpected admission.
Dave hurried off. Sherlock's incredulous gaze brushed over John's. John took Sherlock's arm and pulled him further down the hall. They both needed a few seconds to recover from what had just happened.
Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. (Matthew 10:34)
"John."
The birds gather on the overhead power lines, preparing for their journey south. A string of black pearls, barely visible through the fog that blankets the land. A damp, heavy veil. The melancholy of mortality. Summer is over. An astonishing regularity in the intervals between the birds. Like dewdrops dangling from a spider web at dawn. So even. A secret law at the root of creation. The birds unmoving. Waiting. No one knows what for. They launch into flight eventually, no warning, the trigger cutting a swath through the territory. Sweeping them all along with it. The power of a mysterious order. Order. A black swarm.
"Can I stay here tonight?" Sherlock asked, unexpectedly bashful.
The man took the potatoes. Then a painful grip on John's bicep. The man pulled him away from the stand, hard and rough. Dragged him out of the market, across concrete slabs through the snow flurries and icy wind. So fast that John could barely keep up. The grip on his arm strong and unyielding. John lost all sense of direction. An abandoned side street, where he was shoved up against the wall of a building. Only then did the man let go. John stared into the face in front of him.
"Sergej will forgive you," John said, reflective, "and so will I. But I'm going to need some time, Sherlock."
Ethan took a deep breath. "Pffuh. Tough. I think you'd need to be a priest to get any kind of information on it at all."
"Are you expecting anyone?"
"Is it new?"
John smiled. It made him happy to hear Sherlock say that, even if John realised Sherlock hadn't come all the way to Bury St Edmunds solely in order to see him.
"Yeah?"
"Andrej? Are you injured?"
"I assume you have some reason for interrupting my trip?" John said sharply.
"Mrs Waugh could ride any horse. He threw my husband."
"So?"
It was late; the sun spots had disappeared into the bookcase a long time ago. Sherlock had worked through several bars, memorised them in the dark as he often did, repeating the fingerings and storing what his ear had heard. The sudden burst of light from the living room lamp tore Sherlock out of his thoughts, out of the meditative agogic repetitions.
"So it was revenge," Sherlock said.
"Fine. What about the murders?"
Mary had said.
Author's note:
"Impressive. A spiritual cleansing."
"How important are these archetypes?" John asked.
He squeezed John's hand, then let it go. He leaned forward and his lips brushed John's, light and gentle, before he got up and left the room.
"I don't want a case," Sherlock replied gruffly.
"John. You can't seriously believe I'm going to answer that question."
John closed his eyes for a moment. "Both," he said.
"They have Rosie!"
"No. I'll go check, all right?"
He went to the material cableway, pushed the green button and got in. He closed his eyes and held fast to the wooden crate. A plaything of the storm. The crate banged against masts and trees, groaned, rocked, and swayed, but it held out. John got out at the lower station and sent the cableway back up. He walked down to Axalp.
The scene of the crime is in disarray. Everything is full of slurry, water, filth, and footprints. The cesspool has been covered up again with old, solid oaken boards so that no one falls in. The corpse has been dragged out of the pit, rinsed off with water and brought into the cool underground cheese cellar of the nearby dairy. It lies there, wrapped in a sheet, upon a rough wooden table. The place smells of damp and the tang of the cheese ripening on wooden shelves in the rear part of the room. A bucket holds a sharply bitter-smelling herbal brew with which the cheese is wiped down daily. A greasy rag hangs over the lip of the bucket, and I make a mental note not to consume any of the local cheese. At any rate, the stench overpowers the smell of the liquid manure still clinging to the corpse. As well as the faintly tangible, sweetish scent of the initial stages of rot.
"The church custodian, Mr Schaefer, has made a statement to the effect that he unlocked the church early in the morning, made his usual rounds, and found the body of your colleague in the chapel," Greg summarised.
"I should have shot her," John growled in a low voice.
"What happened?"
. Sherlock tried the password
There had only been female voices. Several people. Sherlock could remember at least three, in addition to Mary. Three women. The sound of metal in the background. Hasty steps. Someone had been running. A stone floor? There had been a firefight. Unsilenced shots. Echoing. Small calibre. Different weapons, that had been obvious. At least two, possibly three. Around a dozen shots. Someone else must have heard it too. And what about Mary? Was she still alive?
"Or a confession. I will arrest the four of them tomorrow morning and have them questioned."
John sat down. Windows login screen. The device was used by several people and didn't have any confidential data on it. The username and password would be simple, or would be written down on a slip of paper somewhere. John looked for it in the desk. The note was taped to the inside of the drawer:
John took the stairs up. The smell of chlorine and food. He didn't know where this Andrej Igorovich lived, he couldn't read the labels on the doors, where there even was one. He rang at the nearest door. The doorbell didn't work so he knocked. When nothing happened, he called out while knocking harder, "Hello. Is anyone home? Hello!"
"Yes. That's the purpose. They get to the heart of what you are and what your connection means."
"You don't think I'm taking it seriously."
"The Nile delta?" Even Sherlock seemed surprised by that. He'd apparently expected something else.
"No, I do. It's lovely," John said, looking into the water-coloured eyes as a shadow flickered through them.
Ethan Tierney beamed.
"That's not a good idea, Sherlock. Those are professionals there. They'll dissect you before you so much as open your mouth."
"You write your own vows and sign them as an act of your free and true will. The paper is committed to the fire during the course of the ritual. It exists only during the forty hours of your preparations. It remains with you during that time. You will have to ponder and deal with its contents. No evidence will remain other than the spiritual mark of your bond."
"Of course you are right, my friend. But if she wanted to start afresh, she may indeed have done so. I cannot believe she had a lover. Especially not in the very village in which she lived."
Their eyes met.
"Sleep with me," John said.
"We're sitting in a cabin in the mountains, preparing ourselves to work with the NDB," Sherlock said. It sounded defiant and unsure.
Sherlock turned around and went back. John stood there holding Rosie and watching him. Sherlock went over and stopped in front of him. John looked sombre. Sherlock gazed intently into the grey depths of his eyes.
"He's not MY Sherlock," John growled.
"This morning too?"
"There were witnesses?"
"According to tradition, the Grand Master makes the decision. Martin and I made it together."
"I know," John growled affectionately.
"They're working together," said Lestrade.
John hunkered down in front of him, dismayed, reached for the tangled fingers of his friend, which immediately wrapped themselves around his hand. John could feel the bony hands shaking.
Sherlock held out his hand to John, ran it down John's arm, seeking, cool fingertips gliding over John's hand, brushing the back of it, feeling their way into the dips between his fingers. So tenderly inquisitive and at the same time so provocatively intimate that it took John's breath away. He examined Sherlock's slim hand caressing his, exploring, invading, conquering it, gentle and cautious. Demanding. He let it happen, felt Sherlock's arousal along with his own. Heart pounding. Quick breaths. For several long moments, he wasn't sure whether this was real. Sherlock approaching him, seeking him out, touching him. Touching him with clear intent. Their eyes met, caught and held. Sherlock's lips were parted. He was ready. He was open. Waiting for John.
Sherlock raised his head. John gazed into his pale eyes, silent and shocked, deeply moved by the words and images Sherlock had presented him with unasked. He was unable to say anything in response. Sherlock searched the wide-open grey, now inundated with wetness, before asking gently, "Is that what you wanted to know?"
Their eyes met. And held. Silent. Sherlock struggled with grief and despair, both threatening to take control of him. The same old minefield between them that wouldn't let itself be cleared. He couldn't just trample over it. He knew that. He needed to endure it. The mistakes he'd made. The injuries he'd inflicted on John. His inability to see them. John's inability to forgive him.
"Who, him?"
"Not about the case."
"Can I deliver the letter?"
John met his gaze without speaking. His eyes were pale as water, open and deep, alert and honest. John nodded soberly to signal that he'd understood and accepted. Sherlock took a deep breath. John knew it wasn't that easy. Sherlock knew it too. But it was a start, and John was grateful that Sherlock had followed up on the issue with the rings on his own and acted on it right away. They were both wearing their rings now. The first conscious step toward a new chapter in their life.
"Do you need my help?" John asked.
They'd driven back without speaking, blindfolds, detours. They'd changed to a taxi in front of Mycroft's office and gone back to Baker Street.
"Okay. I just realised something. The compline service I was at took place in the section of the church reserved for the monks, but there wasn't a single monk in attendance. And it was all very physical."
"She is perfectly capable of putting two and two together, Doctor."
John marched out, not saying anything more. He still felt like he'd been deceived, couldn't just sweep the feeling under the rug. Here he was, sent to the front lines but left in the dark. He went into Phil's office, opened the drawer and put the key on top of the desk.
"Can I speak to you in private, Inspector?" John asked.
"In 1649, Oliver Cromwell disassembled the British crown jewels and sold them off. A symbolic act to signify the end of tyranny and bring cash into the state coffers. In the course of these events, a bag with uncut diamonds disappeared. One theory says that a priest at Westminster Abbey, where the treasure was housed at the time, brought them to a safe location. However, they never resurfaced. Professor Sheppard is convinced that the diamonds are in the care of the brotherhood. The problem is that the brotherhood is unaware of this, despite the fact that individual stones from the collection have been turning up on the black market with some regularity. Most have already been cut. They command astronomical prices. In short: someone is selling them off."
The bundle in his arms was warm and damp and smelled of baby powder, and Sherlock knew right then that he could forget his original plan to fight his way out, run off and alert Lestrade. The child made him defenseless. The man with the gun grinned. The little girl watched the men with interest, sucking on her fingers and drooling.
"With you?"
"Noether's theorem," Sherlock said. John gave him a sceptical look. Thought for a moment. Then he smiled.
Sherlock was restless. He needed to let John go without being able to help him. John was in a good mood. He'd taken all the preparations very seriously and was looking forward to finally being able to do something that challenged him.
"Why don't you?"
John had taken the day off, with the wise foresight that their joint therapy session with Ella might need some additional processing after the fact. Whether because they would both need some time to themselves or because they would want to spend the day together, maybe talk some more. They went to sit in the little cafe next to the cemetery, right next door to the flower shop, where they drank coffee and ate a little something. Then they picked up Rosie and went home.
Sherlock continued to stand there, not moving, where John had stopped pulling him. He was still staring absentmindedly into space. His lips parted just a crack. His pale eyes flashed restively. John placed himself directly in front of Sherlock and looked at him. He was still holding his friend's arm, Sherlock's muscles tight underneath the material of the coat. John shook him. Sherlock's body was stiff.
Sherlock stopped in front of room number 5, put the key in the lock and opened the door. In contrast to the corridor outside, which was dated, grim, and grubby, the room was furnished in a surprisingly modern style. Modern and purposeful. It smelled well-aired. A bright red, fluffy blanket lay over the wide bed. The entire wall behind the bed was taken up by a huge mirror. A basket of erotic toys stood on the bed. There was a box of tissues on both bedside tables, along with a selection of condoms and lubricants. The shower area occupied nearly half the room. A generously sized, walk-in shower with a glass partition and the same tiles covering both floor and walls. An extra hose without a shower head. Hand and body towels in the same shade of red as the bed cover. The toilet was en suite. There were several different light sources, each one separately dimmable.
Author's note:
John didn't know whether to be relieved or furious. The elder Holmes stood at the window, but turned when the door opened.
John was pale, his gait lethargic, when he came through the gates toward Sherlock. They'd seen each other all morning during the interrogation at the Yard. Yet a deep sense of relief and profound emotion washed through Sherlock as John came closer. The first step had been taken. A small but important step: John was free. For the time being. Sherlock attributed it to his generally weakened state that he had to force himself not to hug John as soon as he was standing silently in front of him, his grey eyes tired, grateful, and questioning all at the same time.
"It's to celebrate the first cutting, the beginning of the harvest. He explained it all to me. It's something Celtic, apparently. They commemorate the need to kill something that was previously cared for."
"And he's just sharing all these secrets with you of all people? Why would he do that?"
"You trust Ethan one hundred percent."
"You know, I already thought it was not just for work that my father went to Great Britain. Here in Siberia it is frowned upon, a man with a man. My mother knew it. Or suspected it. She sometimes made remarks along those lines."
Sherlock closed his eyes. Even if he cleared everything else out of his life, John would still be there. That was obvious. John couldn't be cleared away. He was in every pore of Sherlock's body, in every grain of earth in his field. John was woven into his very being to a worrisome degree. He couldn't be excised. Not without an operation that would see him bleed to death.
"Is this all right for you?" Sherlock asked softly.
"Boon was out with one horse, and I didn't see another one," Watson says.
John asked, "What's so difficult about that for you, Sherlock?"
Lestrade waved his hand in resignation and smiled sadly. John didn't know whether the DI was playing this game because they were in the open office where everyone was able to listen in - and was doing so. It had suddenly become very quiet in the room. John could virtually hear all the ears pricking to attention. Or was something else going on? Did Lestrade really not know about Sherlock's mission? Had Sherlock not informed him? John had assumed all along that Lestrade knew about it. But now he wasn't sure. It wouldn't be the first time Sherlock had gone off on his own to investigate something and not included the Yard until he had results.
Was Moriarty really in Meiringen? Was Sherlock in danger? Should he go back? Let himself be caught up in dangerous, labyrinthine machinations he had no information about? No. Get tangled up in the life of a man he wasn't even sure was a friend anymore? No. He needed some time without Sherlock, needed some distance, needed space. A couple of weeks. On his own. To think. More than anything else, he needed information. Lots of information, which he didn't have.
Mary sounded anxious, and her voice was cut off. A dull sound. Rustling. Gurgling. Excited female voices in the background. Material dragging. Metal.
"Charles Augustus Magnussen managed confidential data for innumerable companies, individuals, and agencies. He was paid well for it and enjoyed excellent protection. We assume some control mechanism set off the alarm. Magnussen received an automated query interface at irregular intervals, always from a different server. He then needed to enter a password within a certain timeframe. We found certain indicators on his laptop. When he failed to send the password, the alarm was triggered with his clients. One of which was the British government, by the way. I assume most of his clients had backup copies of their most sensitive data and activated their plan B based on the alarm in order to secure them elsewhere."
"Fine. What about Arthur Marsden, Eleonore Beatty and that Sam fellow? Do you have them?"
John stared into the grey eyes in the mirror. There was something deep down that belonged to Major James Sholto, and which he kept hidden from Sherlock.
Dave and Margret both looked confused. Dave's eyes sought out John's. John nodded in confirmation.
John went to the closet and opened it. A couple of long robes on the left side drew his interest. Two simple, long, black mantles, apparently for Dave and Margret. Soft, draped material. Two more robes in white. A fire-red dress, apparently for a woman. Ritual clothing items? They hung neatly on their hangers. John examined them, smelled them. Nothing suspicious. They'd been washed. John went through the cupboards and took pictures of anything that seemed interesting, then closed the cupboards again, making sure not to leave any traces behind.
"What about Lestrade?"
Mrs Boon and Alistair Boon's sister, Pauline, are working together in the vegetable garden.
"I was already asleep."
It cooled off a bit around two in the morning. Sherlock opened the window and let the night air stream in. It smelt of the smog that sat over London like a lid. But there was also a note of freshness to it. Maybe the trees of the nearby park with their photosynthesis. Maybe the Thames with its water.
"I'm going back to London. Phil knows me. It's too iffy. He shouldn't know that I'm involved."
"You're operating too close to the heart, Sherlock," John said in a low voice.
"The car that hit her killed both of them."
"This is no holiday, is it?" John realised. His anger was audible in his words. "This is about him, about Moriarty."
"Sherlock. You can have it all. At home. Not here, please."
Sophie only stayed a few more days. Sherlock and John spent them with her at the hospital. A congenital heart defect. John sat beside his daughter's bed practically day and night, where she was hooked up to various machines. Sherlock stayed with John when he was with Sophie, when John gave her his pinky, which she gripped firmly with her tiny fist. He stayed with Sophie when John went to lie down for a couple of hours. Then he held out his hand, stroked the tiny fist, offered his own pinky finger, amazed at the strength with which she held on. And he watched in misery the tormented sleep of the little child, attached to all those tubes.
"I was at Mary Star of the Sea celebrating vespers with the Benedictine monks that day. I left around three in the afternoon and got home around nine that night. I also had pizza with a friend of mine, one of the monks. We ate dinner together. I still have the receipt in case I need an alibi. They know me at the restaurant anyway."
"I want to see the scene," Sherlock said.
"What do you expect of me?" Sherlock asked. His voice sounded hesitant, but he kept looking at John.
"I don't know what he assumes, John. I really don't."
"How, Sherlock? Where?"
"You're seeing a therapist."
"Sherlock. It's too soon. Let's wait until we're more comfortable with each other."
John was sitting on the toilet lid, wearing his dressing gown, his feet bare. He was hunched over, his elbows on his knees, both hands covering his face. He didn't look up when Sherlock turned on the light in the windowless room and the automatic fan came on. There was no need for gestures or explanations. Sherlock saw it right away. The wetness, the glistening tracks running out of the cracks between his fingers over the backs of his hands, dampening his lower arms and seeping into his rolled-up sleeves. John was crying. Sherlock hesitated, thought about leaving him alone, turning off the light again, giving him some space. But then he decided against it. He went to John, crouched down in front of him.
"Both candles are fairly heavily damaged. It's entirely possible that diamonds were hidden inside," Sherlock remarked.
John turned his head to look at him. Sherlock still sat tensely beside him, very clearly ill at ease. His blue-eyed gaze flitted briefly over John.
Sherlock opened the glass door and pulled John out onto the terrace. Cold, fresh morning air. A new day was breaking over the rooftops of London. A glowing band of light seeped through a dark layer of rainclouds crouched heavily over the horizon. It was wet, but it wasn't raining anymore. Drops clung to the metal railing, making their hands wet where they grasped it. They leaned mutely against the railing with its flower boxes mounted on the front, blocking the view of the ground. There were no words. Not a single one. Nothing that could have been said.
We leave the cellar a few minutes later. The cheesemaker's wife brings lye soap and boiling water upon the Doctor's request. Watson washes his hands and arms as I relate to the Inspector what we know.
"Do you see any way of getting into contact with this brotherhood, if it does still exist?" John asked.
"All right," John said slowly.
Sex was a tried-and-true means between them, they both knew that. A means of reconciliation and relaxation. Especially when words failed them, when the pressure became too great. Sometimes John didn't know anymore how they'd been able to stand being around each other before they'd found this way of being together. It was an irresistible path. They both knew the other one felt the same.
Sherlock felt dizzy and sick the whole time. He felt as if the rug had been pulled out from under his feet. The pressure in his head. He didn't let John out of his sight for a single second. He needed him, needed the reality of his presence. Needed something to hold on to. To hold on to mentally, to hold fast to reality.
"Clean and tidy with all the other tools in the barn."
"What does that have to do with anything?"
John forced himself to take measured breaths and relax. He was a soldier. No one slept easy before a battle. Everyone was scared. But there was also that knowledge, that trust that it was okay. Even if you didn't sleep. The body would produce enough adrenaline for whatever needed to be done out there, even without enough sleep. You could rely on that. John could rely on that. No soldier made a calculation measuring up life or death. Whatever happened, happened. John wasn't afraid for himself.
Sherlock turned to go.
"I thought you were dead," Sherlock said, just a puff of air at John's ear.
When Sherlock fell silent, John added, more quietly, "You know that too, Sherlock. This isn't about him."
"John?" A soft, gentle voice. "There's soup. Come, sit at the table."
John's first thought was to answer:
"Right," said Ginger. "And then I forced the vial of poison on Martin Combs or whatever his name was and he just swallowed it," she said sarcastically.
"Do I have a choice?" John asked.
"I prepare the consciousness-expanding Chalice in the lab at St Anna's," Callum explained. "I don't have a laboratory of my own anymore. I spent a lot of time at St Anna's because the effects of the drug weaken as it oxidises. I only prepared small amounts at a time. I had free access at St Anna's."
"From Mary," Sherlock answered carefully.
"When is he coming?"
"I can come along if you'd like."
"The witnesses would have recognised her," said Lestrade. "They all said they'd never seen her before."
"Do we need to talk?" John asked.
Sherlock nodded timidly, taken aback at the words.
The man nodded. "That makes five. Could be. What's this about?"
"I just realised that this changes the way we live."
"We need an ambulance. Now!" he barked at one of the police officers who had arrived in the meantime. Then he looked into Sherlock's eyes. "Can you still hold Rosie?" he asked hoarsely. Sherlock nodded. "Good. I'm going to loosen the tourniquet a little now, okay? The circulation's been cut off. It's going to hurt like hell but we can't wait until the ambulance gets here. Tell me if it gets to be too much, if someone needs to hold Rosie."
Sherlock was out in the living room. Martin was dead. John fought fiercely against a new wave of tears. He wished he had a friend who knew about his struggles. He wished he could have told Martin why he'd chosen Sherlock. He wished Martin would have understood and accepted that, would have absolved him of any betrayal. He wished for Martin's smile and Martin's blessing for him and Sherlock. He wished he could have thanked Martin for what he'd done for them, all the while setting aside his own heart. He wished Martin could have been his friend. And he wished so much to have seen Martin happy one day, with a partner who loved him unconditionally. Maybe the four of them could have got together. He wished that Sherlock and Martin could have looked each other in the eye, knowing about each other, and that they would have accepted and liked each other. All gone. Dreams. Martin was dead.
John had bought a hiking map that same morning, shortly after Sherlock left. First he'd climbed up the Rosenlaui gorge to the Rosenhorn. Then through other gorges, over cliffs, to other mountains, summits, and ridges, past waterfalls and mountain creeks, of which there were so many here. Water. Rock. Solitude. Juniper. A couple of jackdaws. Now and then a groundhog. And the physicality of his body, which he pushed to its maximum. Five days long. At night, he fell exhausted into bed and lost consciousness, worn out. John knew this wasn't the solution. He knew perfectly well he shouldn't punish his body for what had happened. But he allowed himself to make demands of it. He wanted to feel out his limits, mentally and emotionally too, wanted to savour his freedom and enjoy his independence. He needed space to think about everything. He needed to be sure of who he was.
"Martin. Is everything all right?"
Astonishment in Sherlock's expression. No shock. They looked at each other. Sherlock was breathing fast. But he didn't try to sidestep. He stayed there, stayed close to John, in the midst of the hubbub and noise of the club. He seemed to be thinking. John gave him time. Sherlock lowered his eyes. Then he took a deep breath, inhaled and exhaled. He looked up, lifted his hand. Hesitant. The tips of his fingers touched John's hand where it rested on the bartop, stroked the back of it. The touch rippled through John's entire body, taking his breath away. Their eyes met. Sherlock's confused. His lips parted. He was breathing fast and hard. He swallowed. His fingers were still caressing John's hand, feeling their way in between his fingers. John placed his other hand on top and stopped the touches that aroused him so much he couldn't allow them in public.
After a long silence, John said in a low voice, "We should talk."
"Visiting you."
"Don't you?"
John heard breathing. Light scraping on the floor. Sherlock seemed to be feeling for the directions in the dark.
"It's Thursday, John. We don't know what will happen tomorrow night. It may all be over then."
"I just want things to be good between us again," John said quietly. "Because they're not right now, are they?"
John lay down beside him, crawled under the blanket that Sherlock lifted for him. He lay down in the warmth and was immediately pulled into an embrace. A gentle, perhaps somewhat uncertain embrace. John put his arms around Sherlock, pulled him closer. Sherlock's breath, his damp hair, heat, sighs, the smell of his skin. Sherlock's hands. Thin, cool hands reaching into John's hair. Sherlock's hard, hot body under the t-shirt. John ran one hand across the cotton, over bare skin. Shoulder blades. Ribs. Heat. Desire. Sherlock moaned. Legs twisting around each other. Their erections touched through the thin material of their pyjama bottoms and pants, surging toward each other. Sherlock's gasps in John's ear.
Sherlock shrugged from where he half sat, half lay sprawled across the chair, one leg crossed over the other and bouncing up and down. "Deduction. Experience. Knowledge of human nature."
The question was sincere. Celine thought about it for a moment, then said, "We have a leak at British Aerospace. Any new discoveries pop up with the French within a very short time, and from there to the Chinese. Someone is selling information and research results. Moriarty has his hand in the game. We set a trap for him at the European arms dealers conference in Ballenberg. But Sherlock got in the way with his private schemes and eliminated Moriarty. Now we need to start all over again."
Our eyes met. John had come. He stood before me, here in our flat. So familiar. So close. His scent, his warmth. The crackling of the fire. I carefully extended my hand to him. I did not touch him. I did not want that. I didn't want it all to begin anew. I wanted him to leave. For everything to come to an end. And I wanted him. Completely. I wanted him to stay. Forever. His fingers found mine. A fraction of a second later, we were in each other's arms. I felt the heat washing over us both, and I knew we were lost. Hopelessly. He burrowed into me, and I into him: breathless, moaning, panting.
The priest paled. That was clear even in the light of the torch, which Sherlock had taken from the man. But he surrendered, lifting his foot. Sherlock examined the sole, nodding in satisfaction.
John nodded. He slowly separated himself from Sherlock, pushed the matted hair back out of his face, stroked his cheek and nodded to him encouragingly. Sherlock accepted the tissue that John handed him.
"That doesn't mean anything," Sherlock retorted. To the priest, he said: "Where's the key to this chapel?"
"You're right," Sherlock continued. "I inserted myself. I didn't want to leave you alone." And following a brief hesitation: "I couldn't sleep."
"You don't understand," he said, disappointed.
"Janine?"
"What exactly am I meant to talk to him about?"
"Last we've heard, John went back to the infirmary."
John had spent the last few days in mourning. Continued his mourning. It hadn't been difficult. He was filled with grief. Even if it wasn't the same kind of desperation it had been before Sherlock's nocturnal return, the current of heaviness was still deep and painful. John wasn't under no illusions: Sherlock was leaving. Leaving him behind. John didn't need to pretend at his sorrow. He hadn't pretended with Mycroft.
. Matthew 26, verse 52. Those who kill will be killed in turn. Michael lived according to the tradition of Sergius and Bacchus. They were warriors and members of the Roman army. They were saints, killed as soldiers and dying as martyrs."
"Oh..."
Sherlock leaned back wearily against one of the wooden cupboards where hundreds upon hundreds of candles were stored.
"You're practising the variations with Jonah Peller," Sherlock stated, underwhelmed. Not just because it meant that John was meeting regularly with another man who shared his love for the clarinet, but above all because in doing so, John was passing on Sherlock's intimate present, in a manner of speaking. Or was at least sharing it with someone who didn't deserve it. It hurt in an unexpected way, and he struggled for a moment with the initial stirrings of jealousy.
"John? We're going to 221B Baker Street together. To our place. Can you come?"
"Yes," Mycroft finally said, gently. "I understand."
"Who?" John asked, his voice flat.
"We weren't the only ones who got into Interpol. Someone else hacked into the entire system two days ago, also looking for Boyd and Copernicus. Interpol submitted a request for protection for Boyd based on that, but things started moving too quickly. The request hasn't even been processed yet on our end."
The current of warmth that the news released made John dizzy. He swallowed hard, opened his eyes, looked into the blue of the man sitting next to him, still holding his hand.
"Don't be childish, Sherlock. A chair is a chair."
Sherlock hadn't said anything about the call to John. Not yet. Not before Mary was found. He'd told Lestrade, and given him the phone number he'd memorised as well while John had been attending to the other casualties. He'd asked Lestrade to check it out right away.
"Yes. Yes, he was with me." That bottomless sense of fatigue. It settled over Sherlock like a heavy blanket. He sat slumped down in the comfortable armchair, and for a moment he was afraid he would fall asleep if he didn't focus. "He was the one who found Victor's bones. In the well. He's a doctor. He saw that they weren't dog bones."
"Yes and no. The Celtic Circle really does meet next Friday, and Dave and Margret will be there. They may simply be using the festival to get me away from the clinic. It didn't work out last time. They invited me back home with them, but Mycroft came that night and I had to cancel. It would have been to risky to turn Mycroft away. He's like a bloodhound. Once you let him pick up a scent, he'll find everything."
"It was an option for me too," John finally said. "I would have gone for Martin, and gone gladly, if not for you. You were always there. In the background. In my thoughts. Not as my ex, but as a... possibility. I was fighting for it. It was harder than I'd thought."
Something wasn't right here.
"He was tempted by the Devil," John said.
"Take care of John, Sherlock. Myc-"
"What happened to the two of you?" Celine asked when they came to the breakfast table a little while later. She had set the coffee on the table in front of the cabin, along with bread, cheese, and apples.
"You have to. I need you at the hotel."
"Sherlock," he said softly.
"Do you mean Peller?"
Dave and Margret Dallenport's place wasn't fancy. John took a look around first, not touching anything. Both of them - Dave and Margret - were at work all day. It had been easy to get the information. Dave's schedule hung in the clinic, and John also knew where Margret worked and had checked the website for when she offered treatments. John was determined to find some clues. Anything that indicated the couple was participating in occult rituals. Any literature along those lines, ritual objects, pictures. Maybe even the murder weapon.
The early morning sun was shining through the window when John woke up. Sherlock's side of the bed was empty. John heard the shower running. Sherlock came back into the room a little while later. He was nude, rubbing his hair dry with the towel.
"Yes, I have another question," he then said. His voice was gruff, and he cleared his throat. "What exactly is our role in this game? What are we bait for? And what do the candles have to do with it?"
"You're officially his father. That means you signed the adoption papers."
Fifteen minutes later, Sherlock stood in front of the table. Coat wet, hair curled from the rain, ice-blue eyes jumpy, his voice uncertain: "Can I join you?"
"We can't get the fever under control," she said sortly. "Dr Wittings is on the way. She'll talk to you."
Sherlock looked around for a free bench. He was too early. It wasn't three o'clock yet, but he hadn't been able to stand it in the flat any longer. He wandered along the banks of the pond, taking the same route he had often walked with John. He forced himself to walk slowly, to stop and watch the ducks diving for greenery in the shallow water. He forced himself to look out across the pond, to focus on the patterns the light summer breeze crimped into the water. He forced himself to look at the trees, the shapes they'd grown into, the structure of the leaves, the composition of the bark. The gravel crunched beneath his feet. He tried to listen to it, to feel it. Anything that distracted him was good. Anything that counteracted the untethered fluttering inside him was desirable. Anything he could focus his attention on for a moment or two, that he could hold onto for a few seconds, was welcome.
"Fine."
"And what do you conclude from that, Holmes?"
"I'd like to say something," Sherlock began, as if he'd been thinking.
means 'He who lives the sword, dies by the sword'."
"John! Do you know what time it is?" A reproachful tone.
The Boons have taken down the storm windows, as all the farmers in the area do so that the house is well ventilated in summer. That makes it a simple matter to see and hear everything that occurs in the sitting room through the thin single panes. They are all sitting at the table – James Waugh, Alistair Boon, his wife, and his sister Pauline – holding a vigorous discussion.
The wide, old-fashioned corridor in Bart's smelt of disinfectant. The linoleum flooring had a slight give to it beneath his feet, seeming to shift. Sherlock felt off-balance. He shouldn't have come here. He should have said no, should have turned down Lestrade's request. To view a corpse now. With Molly, and no John. Molly's face disapproving, closed off. John should be here. John would make everything different, would have given him strength, drawn him along, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. They would have examined the body together; solved the case together.
Back at the flat, Sherlock showered first, then John. The day weighed heavily on both of them. They washed it off their bodies: the ritual, the attack on Martin, the uncertainty, the lack of a conclusive motive, the unsolvable nature of the crime. The exhaustion. Sherlock was in bed when John emerged from the shower, watched his friend as John draped his clothes over the chair.
"She was lying asleep in her cot when Mary Watson left the room with her friend. She wasn't there when I came back. I didn't see anyone else myself."
They would have argued. No doubt. Sherlock would have laughed at him. He would have stuck to his guns.
"There are at least two very good reasons," Halsey had answered thoughtfully. "First of all, I met my wife and had three darling daughters before I realised what I wanted. I love my children more than anything and would never leave them, not for anything."
"It's in the door, on the outside. Why?"
"Five past five."
Rose shook her head, not following. Sherlock couldn't help grinning.
It was Moriarty.
"Then we're going to start over, but take it much, much more slowly."
John gently pulled him away from the body. Sherlock let himself be dragged away, picked up his crutch and followed John, who led him by the arm, led him past a chalk-white Mycroft to the door.
Sherlock nodded fearfully. John lowered his eyes for a long moment to collect himself before looking up again and saying, his voice now uncertain: "Listen, Sherlock. I love you. You know that, hm? I'm broadcasting it on every frequency."
Sherlock's damp body, aroused as far as it would go and beyond. His beseeching kisses, his demanding hands. His imploring pleas. And finally his decisive actions. So much lubricant on John's cock. Sherlock's slim fingers spreading it, slow and lascivious. Sherlock's aroused gasp when he smeared the grease into his hole. His hoarse entreaty: "John, please."
"We ARE old. Lestrade's retiring in two months. Time to think about things. For us too."
"A single detail in a pile of similar details," John recounted. "Something that fits the context without sticking out. Something mundane. Public knowledge. So familiar that it doesn't draw your attention because you take it for granted."
"Fuck!" John paced back and forth, shaken. "You're not going, Sherlock. Not alone."
Mrs Walton eventually comes in to put the fresh pitcher of water for ablutions on the commode. I hear John rise shortly after.
"Yes. I'm afraid so."
"Good night, John." Click. Mycroft had ended the call.
"You look unhappy."
He thought of John when he played this movement. Dreamt of a deep peace. Of comfort. Of security. Of trust and devotion. He thought of John when the two melodies touched and danced around each other, reached into each other and merged. In those moments, his heart clenched, pain and longing flowing into his instrument, into his bow, and from there into the music. Eurus heard it. She could read his thoughts. He had no doubt about that. But she didn't say anything, didn't ask. She provided the second voice, yet remained mute herself.
In the meantime, the priest started to recite Psalm 23:
"Thank you, Dr John Watson," he said softly, and John nodded. "Thank you for saving Meredith. I love her more than my own life, you know. And thank you for remembering Eve, even if she only lived a few minutes."
Sherlock got up eventually and reached for the violin. Maybe some mental work would help. Composing. Focussing on the sequence of notes, rhythms. Analysing, considering, notating, editing. The next variation. Sherlock played the theme, but knew right away there was something wrong. The sixth wasn't enough. The second and the octave, ascending. Better. Then continuing upward. To the highest possible point. Stop. From the beginning. More deliberate this time, smoother. Upward. Unknown worlds. Stop. The threshhold. Again. More careful. More attentive. More sure of the goal. Tentative approaching the top. Soft. Stepping over the threshhold. Watchful. Senses alert until the end.
John looked into his blue eyes and said, "Either way. You saved my life and Andrej's. Thank you, Sergej."
Sherlock didn't resond. Seconds dripped between them, sank into the cupboards.
"What are we looking for here?" Lestrade asked.
Yes, it was John. Thank God!
"I know. Phil knows you and he's meant to think I'm on my own."
"All right. Why are you here? And why are you wearing a cross on your lapel that identifies you as a priest? You're endangering my mission here, Sherlock."
"He won't. There are four of us, all covering and protecting each other. How can he prove anything? No, don't worry. The gentlemen from London will leave and our constabulary is much too stupid. But we should still be careful. Best you don't show up here for a while, James. Go on back home." Boon gives Waugh a comradely clap on the shoulder.
"Yes," Sherlock said.
"I'm in the middle of a massage!" Dave didn't hide the fact that he was irritated at the interruption.
Sherlock thought about it for a moment while he cleaned the fingerboard of his instrument with the cloth.
John paused just as Sherlock thought he was going to lose himself completely. Their eyes met, both panting, past the furthest reaches, utterly lost in each other and in what they were doing. John moistened one hand with spit before he reached into Sherlock's curls with his other one and captured him with a long, deep kiss as his wet, gentle fingers caused Sherlock's plump glans to overflow.
They stopped somewhere along the lakeshore. Sherlock had left the path and walked across the grass to the bank. A couple of ducks were cleaning their feathers under a willow tree, preparing for the night. The water was choppy and restless. John and Sherlock looked out at the uneven surface whipped up by the November wind. They stood so close together that they touched.
"Then leave."
"We're already late."
"Mary was there for your protection. I'd asked Mycroft..."
Mycroft sat down across from John, steepled his fingers and simply observed him for a moment. Then he said, "Well. You won't be flying to London."
"Where did you come from?" John asked unnecessarily.
"Will you marry me?" Sherlock asked with a hiccup. It wasn't clear whether he was joking around, or in emotional turmoil. "Even though I'm not a priest?"
John stopped in the doorway. This wasn't the first time he'd seen this. Sherlock sometimes put himself into a trance this way. When he wanted to submerge himself deep in his mind palace and follow the trail of some complex matter or other. It was a state of absolute concentration. John was about to step back again so as not to disturb him when Sherlock spoke without so much as looking up or lowering the bow:
They hadn't made a conscious decision. They hadn't discussed it. They hadn't even really intended for it to happen. And yet it had happened. Not spontaneously, not quite that. It had still been unexpected. Completely unexpected. They'd argued. He'd tossed accusations at Sherlock because he'd neglected to do the shopping again – despite having promised to do so. John had stood in the doorway, irritated and exhausted after a long, tough shift at the hospital. He'd stood there in the doorway hurling abuse.
Gerome smiled indulgently. "You won't be the same after the ritual. You do realise that, don't you?"
John stretched out on the cushion, entranced by the words, by the dusky closeness of the room, the expanse of space covered with a soft towel. Scented oil dripped on his back, followed by Sherlock's warm hands. Slow. Serene. Nora's soft voice in the background, guiding Sherlock. John closed his eyes and enjoyed the callused hands, at first tentative then becoming more sure as they dug into his muscles, kneaded and relaxed them. Back and shoulders.
Sherlock looked terrible. Pale. Red, swollen eyes; tangled, matted hair. John stayed sitting on the edge of the bed for a few seconds, ran his hand down Sherlock's arm, squeezed it gently. Then he got up. Drowsy. He had the feeling that he'd aged by years.
"What did you advise him?"
"I don't see the point, but if you want."
John met Sherlock's gaze and swallowed hard. He didn't say anything. Mary had still been alive at the time. He'd opened the envelope anyway. That was a breach of faith. Sherlock realised it immediately.
John stood there, stricken. His heart clenched. It hurt, what had happened here. He felt sorry for Dave. What had Sherlock done? And why? John wanted nothing more than to grab Sherlock and shake him, shout at him. But he stood there, frozen.
"I know Jonah Peller from before," John said casually. "He's giving me some warmup lessons."
"The funeral's tomorrow," John said a little while later as they ate the omelet John had cooked. "Mycroft wants to come by this afternoon to discuss everything."
"And Michael Johnston, the army chaplain?"
Eurus' piece was incomprehensible; even if he interpreted it as a gift to posterity, it was still the music of a very sick person. He would have preferred it if Eurus had composed something more conventional. She'd played all of the classical pieces and knew how to write and perform them. She'd proven that several times over with her embellishments and second violin parts. She could have composed like Bach or Brahms.
"I've memorised a few phrases. I'll make every attempt to come across as authentic. But I'm afraid I'll make a lousy priest. I'll have to remain in your shadow. You're the expert here. You'll need to cover for me."
It was cold and wet, had been raining for days. John came home that evening from his shift at Bart's. His footsteps were tired as he climbed the stairs. Mrs Hudson had left his mail on the second-to-last step before the door to his flat, as usual. John looked through it. The Times, bills, adverts, a card. A postcard, from someone's holidays. John turned it over. It wasn't stamped. Addressed to Dr John Watson. No street, no number, no city. It couldn't have come with the mail, someone must have dropped it into the mailbox by hand. In block letters, no recognisable handwriting.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but then didn't. He just squeezed John's hand, which was still tightly entwined with his. John looked into his friend's eyes and felt his heart melt.
Sherlock looked over at John, who was sitting on the small fold-out seat at the foot of the stretcher, lost in thought, far away. He was quiet too. No reproaches. Not a single one. Sherlock closed his eyes. Everything hurt, inside and out. The paramedic had given him an injection for the pain. It was making him sleepy. It didn't do anything for the suffocating pain and tightness in his chest. John. John was so far away. So far away. Sherlock would have rather been close to him. He didn't know what was coming, or when it would come. What was coming for John. For both of them. He wanted to be with John, at his side. Whatever happened. Close to him.
"I'm just in the middle of writing the sermons for the next few Sundays," Ethan explained, having followed Sherlock's alert, assessing gaze. "Have a look around. Tea?"
It was only about 300 metres to the southern end of the middle pond, they could see the blue lights of the Yard practically as soon as they set off. They flashed silently in the branches of the beech trees. The driver stopped when an officer blocked the trail so another one could stretch a piece of white and red tape across it. Sherlock got out of the car and nodded at John. The officers recognised them and let them through. They walked a few steps to the assemblage of police cars and ambulance, blue lights blinking. Lestrade came over, smiling.
Sherlock played the Adagio with his eyes closed, disregarding the tears that ran down his face. He couldn't prevent them. It was what it was. The same with John. Things simply were what they were. They could be fought but not conquered, could only be surrendered to in the end. Death and love.
"For me? Are you sure?"
"Yes, of course. You're both doing simply brilliantly. Have the two of you ever NOT lied to each other?" Molly's tone of voice left no doubt that she was upset. She uncovered the body with an angry tug.
John's heart was heavy. That wasn't what he'd wanted to say. He felt lost in his memories. Lost in everything he was doing, and had done. The bracelet on Sherlock's wrist. All the memories. Those years. All the emotions. He'd created a link between them and Sherlock. Handed them over to him. Into his care. His life. It was the only option he had left. An old leather strap, full of pain. Their only connection for many, many weeks. Maybe months. Years. Maybe forever.
"How do you deal with that?"
She'd left him John. John, who sat crying in the darkened bathroom. Sherlock lowered himself to the floor beside John's legs. He held onto him, wrapped around John's legs, stared at the little room that served as their bathroom. The open door leading out into the hallway. The fan. A familiar sound. Mary was missing.
THE END
His kiss was hot and intimate, and I surrendered to it. Greedy for his skin. For him. For his soul. For everything he was. For John Watson. And then we hesitated after all. In a turmoil, wrapped around each other, our hands already on the other's bare skin. We hesitated and looked at each other. We were aroused, breathing each other in, deep and desperate. But we pulled apart and looked into each other's eyes.
wife, had been part of
"We start the Ordinarium."
He opened them again a short while later when an unpleasant buzzing sound neared. It came from the mast at the top of the cliff, which he was approaching at a good clip. The cable hummed as it ran through rollers and carriers, the mast vibrated. John got a good shaking through. After that it was calm again, a faint hum, alpine meadow under the crate, a plateau.
"There's no reason to doubt it, Sherlock. Just give things some time to settle, okay?"
. He searched for
Sherlock looked up, met John's eyes. Astonished and moved.
"No, you didn't succeed there," John said. "I was scared for you."
"You're relentless. You're making me pay for setting us up with this ritual."
Sherlock closed his eyes. His breaths were laboured and he didn't say anything for a while. Then he answered softly, "Why are you speaking to me like this, John? I'm begging you, stop it. You know I can't pretend at the depth of intimacy that exists between us."
– Hosea 13:15
"The eleventh century?" John goggled.
"Nothing's going to happen, John. The other two victims weren't killed until after they'd been released from the clinic. Nothing will happen while the treatment's in progress."
"John! Thank God!"
"You seem so secure. In everything you say or do."
Flash and show. As soon as his eyes had adjusted to the darkness, John walked over to the balustrade of the loft and looked down into the black space, which he knew was filled with Baroque ornamentation. The eternal flame glowed weakly all the way at the front, in the sanctuary. To the left, on a side altar, a couple of candles were burning, their light flickering unsteadily off the nearby stone pillar.
"Maybe they're looking for someone for a threesome," John said.
But then he realised that wasn't really true. That he wouldn't be taking Sherlock seriously with an answer like that, that he would be ignoring what Sherlock was really saying and sweeping the real issues under the rug. John, still under the influence of and ensnared by what had happened during the night, said instead what seemed to him to be the most relevant and salient point at the moment: "I love you, Sherlock."
"Where are you, Mycroft? We had an appointment. Report in!"
"He left his family for Davide." Sherlock had resumed his restless journey around the room. "But that doesn't make sense as a motive."
The moment of surprise passed quickly, and then Sherlock was inundated with tenderness, hot and unfamiliar. It suffused him, filled him up, stole his breath away. John had touched that core from the other side. They both fell silent, stunned and weary from the intimacy of the conversation. Moved by the result. Pounding hearts. Relief. Sherlock listened to John breathing. He was so close that the air seemed to brush Sherlock's ear. John's heart was beating to him through the silence. Fictional fingers stroked his hand, beseeching.
"Mary?" John murmured, half asleep, turning toward Sherlock.
John took a deep breath. Sherlock was right. This opportunity for an undercover investigation was practically dangling in front of their noses. Still, the plan filled him with a sense of unease that bordered on panic.
John and Sherlock knelt down with Gerome before them and their three attendants to the left, to the right, and behind them. Together, they prayed. One of the priests wafted incense over them, walking around them with the censer. Then they got up and Gerome and the other three men blessed John and Sherlock with holy water. John closed his eyes when wet fingers carefully traced a cross on his forehead. He shivered in understanding as each of the men called upon a different archangel as the cross was drawn.
"What if Chen Mortimer really is Valerie's father?" John asked. "Beatty's divorced and lives with her brother. And as far as I recall, she did mention at some point that her daughter's father was a sailor."
"I don't know, John."
"The victim must have known her killer. A stranger would have been noticed in the middle of the day. And she would not have let him into the barn and trustingly turned her back on him. I do believe, Watson, that we should seek the murderer amongst the local population."
John's lips were a thin, grim line. His eyes walled off. A thick layer of glass. Impenetrable. A jab right in Sherlock's heart. The soldier. Withdrawn. Tough. Unapproachable.
"I believe so. I would have to look at her lungs in order to be absolutely certain."
"What do you want from me?" the priest protested. "Let me go."
John fell silent for a while. He was breathing hard, struggling with himself. Struggling for clarity. For the truth. For words to express that to Sherlock. Sherlock listened silently.
"There's no other way, John," Sherlock said. It was probably supposed to sound objective, but his timorous, barely articulated voice belied any attempt at neutrality.
John slid his fingers into Sherlock's hair beneath the blanket, buried his nose in the soft curls, felt himself being embraced a moment later, and returned the gesture.
"No. Why should I? I got what I wanted."
Sherlock threw himself across the bed at the hotel. The interrogation had only been a partial success. The man they'd brought in had clammed up with a stubbornness they hadn't been able to break through. But he'd still given a couple of things away. Not in so many words. But Sherlock's gift for observation had allowed him to make deductions. Which in turn made it possible to take the next step, at least. Sherlock wasn't sure whether he should act alone or inform his colleagues from the Yard. He didn't trust Interpol. He was almost positive that one of the officials from Interpol who'd been present for the interrogation had been acquainted with the suspect. Even though he'd made every effort to hide it: body language didn't lie. Sherlock had an eye for it. Not only with criminals.
Sherlock seemed to have clammed up. They both fell silent, Sherlock and Martin. John stood to the side, confused. He didn't understand what was going on here.
Sherlock let the ambulance bring him to the hospital. The wound on his bicep was more serious than it looked. The shot had gone through the outer periphery of his arm, but it had injured the arteries. It was still bleeding heavily and needed to be seen to by a professional.
"Your car drove out here and picked Sherlock up. Where precisely is the misunderstanding?"
"This is my body which is broken for you," the priest said as he tore apart the bread. The effort it took was audible in his voice. It was an absolutely unambiguous statement with no sense of sympathy behind it. The sound of the bread being ripped open was unnaturally loud in the silence.
A moment later, they were hugging, gasping and sobbing. Burrowing into each other.
John took a deep breath and took his hands away from his face. "Yeah," he said softly. "It's good..." He paused. "… that you're here."
"Lord have mercy."
"Not even at church?"
"Yes," Sherlock said quietly. "I'm sorry, John, I..."
"You know that your partner slit open the arteries of his wrists?" she asked once she'd brought John a glass of water and sat down in the armchair across from him. "And you know the reason?"
They walked back down the gravel path to the main building once the sixty minutes were over. Dr Kenny was already waiting for them in her consultation room.
Nikita had hurried through the cold to the little hut where the attendant was sitting. John leaned sideways against the door of the car and closed his eyes. Sherlock. Constant thoughts of him. Constant. The resonance of the name warmed him somewhere deep inside. Sherlock. So far away. In the same city yet so incredibly far away. The pain heavy and grey, like lead. He should go to him. He was his partner. So many years. So many happy hours. He needed to go to him. There was no other solution. Everything in him demanded it. His soul knew no other reality. He needed to talk to him again. He didn't just love Sherlock; he also loved Andrej. Andrej, that restless, difficult, lonely man Sergej had described. A man who led a double life. Who was burdened by the past, by difficult secrets. A man he hadn't known before and who had still conquered his heart, deeply and painfully, who belonged to Sherlock, unavoidably.
"I need those files rather urgently. Could you get them for me?"
The blood drained from John's face. Shock and disbelief flared up in his grey eyes before he closed them, lowered his head, struggled to maintain his composure. He stood there motionless in front of Sherlock for a long time, supporting himself with both arms on the kitchen table, his breaths coming fast and heavy. Sherlock waited. He was breathing faster too. He waited for John's reaction. He was afraid what it might be. But this was necessary. He needed John. Needed him at his side.
"With what?"
"You're rather quiet," Sherlock said.
"I've asked Nora if she could work with us again tonight. She agreed if it's all right with you. She's already spoken to Dr Kenny. She gave her permission on the condition that I feel up to it. Nora is the sex therapist."
"John. I need to tell you something. Dave has invited me to go swimming with him tomorrow evening at one of the bathing ponds on Hampstead Heath."
"Of course. These men allow themselves to be subject to death. They die in Christ. They become the Lamb who bears the sins of the world. A mystery which only opens to those who walk the path of the brotherhood. We should be getting back, John. You'll be wanting to change and prepare for mass."
The club was nearly empty at this time of day. Callum sat in the office this time, taking care of some administrative work in front of the computer. One of the men who ran the bar was drying glasses and putting them away. The door in the back of the library was locked. John considered breaking it down, but then he went to Callum in the office and asked for the key to the ritual rooms.
Sherlock turned to Mary. She sat in the bed, the laptop on the nursing pillow. She'd stopped writing. Their eyes met. Sherlock's and Mary's. Serious. And Sherlock realised that she knew of his fear, his fear of what had been and what was coming. She was scared too.
"I don't know yet. Careful!"
"There were a few things I needed to know. He told me about the ritual killings and that our two murders were probably related to that. At some point, he mentioned that his partner was dead and that he realised he never should have entered into the bond."
taken by love to love. Addicted to longing, hungry for what
"Verena Wilmer had a file on her desktop computer with passwords and access codes, including a six-digit numerical code. It fit the safe. I guess she has a poor memory for trivial things like passwords and safe combinations."
"John! Please! It's all been planned out. Everyone knows what to do. Nothing can happen. We need you at the Baer."
It took a long time before Sherlock answered: "I can't talk about it. I'm sorry, John."
Sherlock was there somewhere. Maybe buried beneath the rubble. Forever. John was only now realising what it meant to fall into that kind of water. How impossible it was to survive that kind of fall.
"Or executed." John shivered. It was eerie. Spooky somehow.
"Interpol? Whew..." Lestrade blew the air out of his lungs. His expression made it clear how unenthusiastic he was about the request. "Difficult," he said.
He dug his fingers into the back of the chair standing beside him. His legs were weak and threatened to refuse to bear his weight as he added fearfully, "If you still want me, after all that."
. I only liked one. An exception. But he has left.
"To the creche?"
His voice broke. He sobbed and let go of John's hand. Tears spilled out of his eyes and flooded his face. He wiped them away, embarrassed.
I stayed where I was. I could not leave.
"YOU had the candle?"
"That's rather dramatic, isn't it?" Sherlock said. "At night, all alone in a darkened church? It's eerie. Disturbing. Thrilling."
Sophie was alive. And she was safe. Mycroft had made sure of it, together with Rose. Neither John nor Sherlock knew where she was. It was part of the security concept that as few people as possible knew.
"Watson. Please, stay." Fear flutters in my voice. I cannot conceal it.
"A bomb threat," Mycroft repeated, nodding at the chair again.
"Fine," Sherlock said, unsure whether the topic was closed now and everything clear. "Good." He ate some more of the omelet. It tasted surprisingly good.
John checked in at the reception desk and someone came to get him. Long hallways. An old stone staircase leading up to the first floor. Brick floors. It smelled like disinfectant and coffee. Dr Kenny's consultation room was a high-ceilinged, light-filled space with a stuccoed ceiling and large, latticed windows. Simple furnishings. Houseplants. John sat in the lime green upholstered armchair he was shown to.
"No, that really doesn't interest me in the slightest."
Stean nodded mutely and looked up with tired eyes. They were astonishingly green, albeit red-rimmed and swollen. But he was calm now. In contrast to the day before. He'd spent the night under medical supervision, appropriately medicated. Greg and Sherlock sat down at the table with him. John remained standing. There was no fourth chair in the room.
"So," he said as he carefully dried the spaces between his fingers. He didn't look up.
Strips of light slid diagonally across the room. Neither of them spoke. Sherlock closed his eyes, breathed in the familiar man leaning against his shoulder. A junction that generated warmth and a sense of peace. Of relief that allowed room for fatigue. And desire.
"Precisely."
The name reverberated within him, and he needed a moment to gather himself. Then he finished reading the book, stunned at the little prince going to his death filled with longing and grief. Letting himself be bitten by the poisonous snake.
"Can anyone else corroborate that?" I inquire.
"So we're not investigating the brotherhood, we're working for them," John realised. "What's with all this undercover stuff then?"
They held on to each other. Sweaty. Glowing. Breathless. Sherlock had released his bite, only grudgingly relinquishing John's flesh. John was drained, could hardly believe what had happened. A chasm had opened up before them. A satiny black, thrilling, intoxicating chasm of lust. He wanted Sherlock to take him. To conquer him. He wanted Sherlock self-assured, strong, purposeful. He wanted Sherlock to desire him and lose control, to bite him and make John his. That was what he longed for.
