Beside him, Sherlock checked his watch, then steepled his hands again, “What is it?” John asked.
“That’s not why I’m here,” Mycroft replied, “I’m here to warn you.”
Sherlock’s eyes, translucent in the dim light, bore into him, “I don’t…”
Sherlock’s inhales were audible now, which sent Rosie into her ‘Sherlock’s Protector’ mode, “Sherlock,” she whispered, turning to face him, a small hand imitating tucking his curls behind his ear like he did for her when she cried, “why sad?” The concern in her small voice broke John’s heart.
“I know, Daddy,” Olive whispered back, watching as the officer lead Mr. Santos up the stairs.
“Yes, I’m sure. He was getting better, weaning off, but he still needed a small dose to be sane. When I came to the house, it wasn’t him.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, “Not always. When she gets older, she’ll understand. She’ll be able to sit in with us, have a say in what happens next.”
He began coughing again, heaving over the small pile of flowers, sweat breaking across his forehead. Soon, the pile had grown, a mess of a bouquet. Macabre, yet beautiful.
“I understand, Mycroft, I do, but…”
John picked up one of the biscuits and just looked at it, “Is this what the rest of her life is going to be like? Baking with Mrs. Hudson while the three of us have secret meetings in the living room?” He replaced the biscuit and sat back in his chair, thumping his head against it.
They froze in that position for long seconds, each straining into the other before gravity had them collapsing into the ruin of what was once had been a very fine bed. They lay like that for a long time, both silently relishing in the feel of the other man in his arms. They could lay like that for an eternity, however, slowly the rest of the world began to filter back into John’s mind, the low hum of humanity living their lives unaware of his existence and those of his kind, like an annoying itch one could nullify for a while returning to burn frustratingly worse somehow.
Sherlock's full lips curled just slightly and quietly he responded, "You should be thanking me, John."
He cut short of finishing the sentence and then David could smell the gas too.  They each grabbed a Holmes and with their immortal speed and agility fled the immaculate flat through the closest window.  John was right on David’s heels and they barely made it to safety before the air was rent by a massive explosion.  The shock wave of it knocked the two immortals back a pace and when they looked back, there was nothing left of the beautiful home but a cloud of black smoke and red hot debris.
“And what are they going to do, David?” the other sneered, sending his friend a wicked grin, “Put me in a time out?”
The rustle of wind through the maze sent sparks of colour dancing around him. John smiled and reached out to catch a tendril of blue snaking past him. He lost his balance, but warm steel wrapped around his waist, pulling him against something bigger, something that coiled around him, preventing him from walking.
“Oh.” That made sense. John’s head bobbed again. This time the world slid, or maybe that was him. All he knew was that everything got dark and he couldn’t think anymore.
His lover waited, allowing Sherlock the time to adjust, to feel, and memorize the rapture of this moment.  Sherlock could feel John’s pleasured smile, pressing against his shoulder, moving to tenderly run kisses from the nape of his neck to his shoulder, before he rocked his hips back and ever so slowly forward.  The feeling was immense, the pressure exhilarating, as Sherlock found the rhythm of his lover and began to match it.  Moving and breathing became his main focus, struggling to keep his breaths even as their love making continued.
“No.” she said, in almost a whisper.  The quaver was back, “I got the mail the day before and this note was not in an envelope.”
John followed his friend to small pub and after purchasing a couple of drinks, they settled into a darker alcove to talk.  John hoped the shadows would hide the some of the changes.  He really didn’t want to answer those questions.
"John's just the muscle, Sherlock, let's be honest." she chided back, glaring at the self-righteous detective across from her.  "We both know that without me he wouldn't get anywhere."
“No, l prefer it off for now, John.” Came the other man’s reply to the action, words delivered with a steady deliberate tone that implied he was deep in thought.  There was no other movement, not even a shrug or a slight turn.  What was he watching?
“Do you still wish for me to continue?” the creature asked.
Far above him the detective had been busy trying to discover new information on the two deaths that had piqued his interest. John had been absent since the night he had pulled at the face of the other man, dark curls wound tightly in his fingers as Louis witnessed the sudden lip-lock that had taken place in the bathroom. Then, just as oddly fast as it had happened it was over.  He and Lestat had whisked outside the flat, silently closing the door and soundlessly descended the stairs while the two men, completely unaware of their recent visitors, cleaned up the mangled carcass of the swine. Lestat had worked diligently at distracting Louis after they reached the doorway and had been successful for a short time before Lestat was convinced to provide him with some peace and quiet—the penthouse forgotten.
As he neared the perimeter of the houses he could see the resulting commotion of emergency vehicles and their flashing strobe lights gathered outside the crumbling hotel. Closer still he could see that the entire building had been sectioned off with yellow tape and a team of police guards. People were gathered about the scene. Some were bystanders, some were just curious locals, others were those that had been released from the hotel, still in shock and crying. He could smell sweat and fear in the air, mingled with blood and tears.  People had been hurt in the explosion. The doctor felt a wave of guilt wash over him and he had to fight the tide back, knowing that there was little he could do about it now. His main focus still remained the detective.
“It’s different with you. You, I have a hard time tuning out. I can always pick you up—not that it always makes sense, mind you.” John struggled to explain with a complexity that he knew Sherlock wanted. “There are lots of people who I can’t read at all, others where I hear everything. If I’m in a crowd of people and all I get is static and noise. Gives me a bloody headache.” John was pouring out the information, accepting there was no point in not telling him now.  The detective need to know his limits and restrictions if they were to utilize John’s new powers.
Overtop of the sparkling crystal glasses, his caramel orbs found his guest.  Daniel wasn’t here now.  No.  And Louis was far more interesting than the lost mind of his fledgling, which perpetually moved to build his miniature cities without thought for self or other.  The raven head of his company was turned away, his body moving slowly along the length of the extensive shelving that surrounded them on all sides, his eyes no doubt scanning each individual spine and marker in turn, far too intrigued with the shelves inhabitants to care for his trivial bypass of the quite regular start to their interplay when together.
“Sherlock, did you know who? Did he give you a name?” Mycroft questioned his brother and was answered with a furrowed brow that prompted his follow-up question aimed back at Lestat.
He finally looked back down at the still form of the detective. Sherlock's eyes were heavy-lidded, his gaze unwavering as he stared up at John, silent as he listened to the doctor try to explain what he was feeling. “Can you just say something?” John almost begged at the continued silence in the room before quickly adding, “Something that isn't overly sarcastic and won't piss me off?” He figured he needed to clarify that as Sherlock's lips twitched.
Lestat finally turned his focus away from the threads in the Persian rug and turned a dangerous smile at the older Holmes brother, “Perhaps I should just show you?”
As soon as Sherlock stepped clear into the kitchen and spotted the two at the kitchen table with teacups steaming he stopped dead in his tracks.
“Lestat!” John seethed through clenched teeth, his fangs bared at his maker.
The immortal had passed through airport security with ease. His passport and credentials were found credible, raising little attention to himself, aside from the occasional lingering glances of people mesmerized by the impossibly beautiful depths of his emerald eyes and the ivory pallor of his unnaturally tough skin, but that was rather typical. Now he, like the rest of the unsuspecting mortals that milled about the terminal, waited for his international flight.
There was no reference for the etiquette one should use when observing an unnatural creature fall into it’s uncontrollable biological slumber. Though, Sherlock had never been one to concern himself much with etiquette, he had waited to follow John into the basement only long enough to obtain what he required. When his bare feet touched the silken carpet of the lower space, John lazily lifted his head only enough to crack an eye at the detective and let out a tired huff.  His left arm moved up over his head, the forearm draped over his eyes, as if he needed to shield his eyes in the already very dim room. Somewhere between a bemused laugh and an exasperated sigh the sound preceded the statement, “You’re not filming this, Sherlock.”
During his two years away, that was all he dreamt about, whenever he was able to get sleep. John back home in London, unaware of what Sherlock was doing, befriending one of Moriarty’s men, only to get himself killed. He knew, logically, that John would never be that careless, but he always still had his fears.
“So I can pour it all out the window and make sure none of it enters your veins again.”
Sherlock slammed his hands on the sink, “Why does everyone keep asking me that? Because hanahaki arises from
“For God’s sake John, this really isn’t how I wanted it to turn out.”
“Anya. Where’s Anya?”
, all he dreamt about was when he was going to be able to get back to him. Even when he was still absurdly angry with him, he just dreamt about what it would be like to hold Sherlock in his arms again. He left Mary, nursed Sherlock’s wounds and the dreams stopped for a while. Besides, he had bigger things to worry about. Like Sherlock’s dreams and the secrets that hid behind them.
“Oh, darling,” Sherlock whispered, pulling John to him, “I swear to you, that will never happen again. And you have to tell when you feel like this. Just don’t fight it on your own.”
“There is a possibly that your wife may evade capture tonight. She’s smart. We have to prepare for any outcome.”
“Careful of the ribs, baby. They’re a little bruised.” She rubbed her back, shushing her, a serene smile on her face. Sherlock looked to Lestrade, who nodded, and the two of them were dismissed.
John was livid. He had found Sherlock in a drug den surrounded by people who should have been long behind him. And he was high. Molly had confirmed it. And if she hadn’t been the one to smack him, John would have done it himself. How dare he go and throw away his life? How dare he?
Mycroft cleared his throat, “I know things are and have been difficult, but I see you and Rosamund as family and it is within my power to help. One thing I will not do is stand aside as I watch you all struggle. Contrary to popular belief, I’m not as heartless as I once was.”
When Sherlock returned, when he was with
“Now’s not really the time, Greg. It’s been a rather exhausting day.”
John laughed, “We a pair of idiots, aren’t we?”
So when there was a knock on the door to the flat after a particularly potent hit, Sherlock was too disoriented to comprehend anything that happened. He remembered John letting himself in, taking in the state of the flat and Sherlock himself, immediately falling into disappointment, then rage.
John looked from Mycroft to Sherlock, who held his gaze, “Let him help, John. Please. For Rosie.”
“Warn me of what?”
It was a long eight months. So much radio silence from John, and it drove Sherlock insane. All he wanted to do was take it back, let that bullet hit him instead of Mary, possibly keep the two of them out of it all together. Anything to give his best friend his wife and mother of his child back. But he knew that was impossible, so he stewed in the radio silence, even created some numbing silence of his own.
“You did what you had to do.”
As the years wore on, the nightmares waned, the night turning into dreams of the future, and sometimes no dreams at all. And on the off occasion that there was a nightmare, they both knew that the other would be there to soothe their fears and hold the other long into the night.
When John pulled back, he looked directly in Sherlock’s eyes, searching.
“Lestrade will do the right thing, love. You know he will. He’s a good man.”
The club was high class, lavish and filled—but not stiflingly so—with beautiful mortals that would lend themselves well to assist in not drawing much attention to the two creatures who inhabited a booth with a full view of the establishment. Armand had been easy to spot when Louis had gained entry past the suited doorman. The waitress quickly arrived with the Irish Coffee that the other vampire had surely procured for him as he slid into the booth, absently turning his head before leaning back against the rich brown leather. Ensuring his pony-tail was free as long fingers wound around the hot glass cup, soaking in what little warmth possible as he took in the site of the eternal pouting cherub. This night the thick auburn curls had been cut short and styled with the sleek appearance of a young wolf in a well tailored suit, with expensive cufflinks to boot.
.” There was a groan as he hoisted her into the air, “Let’s go see what Daddy and Sherlock are up to, hm?” When the two entered the flat, the umbrella was forgotten in the entryway in favor of much more precious cargo.
As the days inched closer to the wedding, John noticed that his flowers had begun to change. Almond blossoms. Queen Anne’s Lace.
The rest of the ride passed in silence, Rosie slowly falling asleep on John’s chest. His breath was shallow, short sips. His panic was rising. He could feel it. All he needed was to be in the same room as Sherlock, to know that he was safe.
“And I think we would prefer a few days to recuperate before the barrage of questions. Our flat isn’t a crime scene is it?”
“I mean it. Tonight. For the love of God, tonight. Mycroft can have your divorce finalized by the morning.”
“Devoted to a dead woman. Jesus, Sherlock. It’s been months. This is progressing too fast. You need to consider--”
John looked up, catching Sherlock’s eyes, “You’re just so rational and calm. I don’t understand.”
His whole world stopped.
Sherlock stayed silent again, hoping to any god that was listening that John was drunk enough to not remember this in the morning.
“And Daddy’s right,” Mycroft said, “that’s why he took you to the doctors so they could figure out how to make it so you wouldn’t get sick anymore.”
“We agreed we wouldn’t get him involved
John’s hand left his shoulders.
“You think you can survive his network and the disease long enough to come back?”
“I’ll have to.”
She shook her head, “We’re gonna make cake! Chocolate peanut butter!”
As John spoke, Sherlock could feel the flowers withering in his chest and felt something new blooming. Hope. Happiness. Love.
“A rather exhausting life,” Sherlock whispered into his hair.
“So you don’t know if he’s gotten the surgery? Where is he going to be tonight?”
“How long had it been since you’d seen your parents?” Lestrade asked, not looking up from his notebook.
He heard Molly take a deep breath before she spoke, “You could always --”
“Because you were gone and I didn’t know what to do.”
John left it at that. But he didn’t notice that the flowers continued long after Irene came back to life.
“You may wanna record this for the future, but I trust my brother, and I trust science. I also trust Rosamund Scott Watson will make use of her Watson gene and be strong. She’s Rosie. She’s
!” John was fuming and he could tell that it was offsetting the progress the three of them were making.
That night. Seeing John again. It was so much for Sherlock. And the woman that was with him. Mary. A girlfriend. And John was angry. Reasonably so. When John tackled him to the floor of the Landmark, Sherlock felt the stitches on his back splitting. And when John left him standing on the street, Sherlock coughed, just to clear his throat, and a few blossoms of clove landed in his palm. He crushed them and dropped them on the ground as he walked away.
Sherlock hummed, “Indeed we are. But we made it.” John pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s collarbone, and Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, “We made it.”
Sherlock nodded and John kissed him, tasting the subtle salt of his tears. He pulled back and checked his watch. 4:25. He had to go home.
“Three minutes out. Go make sure she’s alright.” His eyes darted to John, who nodded, jogging back down the stairs.
John sat in his own chair, still a bit disdainful about having to ask for help and he knew Mycroft could see it, “Doctor Watson,” he remarked, “I know you’re a proud man, but I swear to you that this is not something that I take lightly.”
He doesn’t love me.”
keeping an eye on him. You haven’t been?”
“You’re staring,” he whispered.
His heart sank when they pulled up in front of Baker Street to find the door open, “Oh fuck,” John cursed. He turned to Mycroft who also had fear in his eyes, “Hold Rosie and stay here. If I don’t come back down in five minutes, call Greg. Tell him he needs every operative on his staff, no less.” Mycroft complied and John launched out of the car, first checking Mrs. Hudson’s flat. It was dark and empty. Her keys and coat were gone. She wasn’t here. He took the steps two at a time, gun at the ready.
He doesn’t love me back, Mycroft! What good would it have done me?”
John leaned back, a small, sad smile on his face, “I don’t want to get rid of my flowers, Sherlock. I’d rather let this disease kill me. Or…”
“Apologize. And forgive you. Because I know what happened wasn’t your fault.”
Once Olive was free, John lifted her, carrying her bridal style. One of Lestrade’s men and a paramedic came rushing down the stairs. Mr. Santos was roused from unconsciousness and his eyes immediately fell on Olive, “I’m so sorry, baby girl,” he whispered.
“I know it’s not, but I feel hopeless. I couldn’t explain to my own daughter why the doctors had to keep sticking her with needles! Bloody Mycroft had to obliquely explain cancer!”
Sherlock hummed, “I don’t think you do. If I could change any part of this, I never would have jumped. Or I would have taken you with me. I wouldn’t have stayed gone. I couldn’t imagine being in a world without you for any longer than I was.”
She looked up at him from the floor, “I should’ve killed him when I had the chance.”
John shook his head.
John leaned into it, “I know. It’s just… it was a dark time for me. And sometimes it’s just there in the back of my mind and it consumes me. I feel like I’ll wake up one day and you’ll just be gone. That the gravestone with your name on it actually has you under it. And it just still makes me mad that you didn’t tell me what you were doing.”
“Don’t test her, John. No swinging by tomorrow after work.”
If he would’ve known that it wouldn’t have killed him, he would’ve went in search of the needle that very same night.
“I don’t…” John stammered, “I don’t understand.” He didn’t mean he didn’t understand the diagnosis. He was a doctor, of course he understood it. His daughter’s bone marrow wasn’t doing what it was supposed to and if they hadn’t caught it… no. What he didn’t understand was how his daughter, his Rosie, could have possibly become a part of this extremely small statistic.
“What was it this time? Missing dog? Stolen jewels?” she asked, throwing a smile that once made his heart soar over her shoulder.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat.
The men in the room were silent, the weight of the situation closing in around them. There were no certainties in this situation. There never were. The only thing they knew in that moment was that the little girl they all adored needed them more than anything. Now was not the time for arguments.
Sherlock cupped the back of his neck, drawing him in to his chest, “You can’t think like that. You know what will happen if you try.”
Lestrade looked to Sherlock, “What do you think? Is there time for talking?”
“Sh, Sherlock. I know. But not yet. Wait until tonight. Wait until I’m home.”
“John, you’re not making any sense.”
“Is he alright?” Sherlock asked when he entered the room.
When Sherlock woke up, he could tell he was back in London. When he took a breath, his lungs felt fuller, and his first thought was that Mycroft went behind his back and made his get the surgery without his consent, but when he thought of John… he felt them. The flowers. And the longer he thought of John, the more he felt the urge to cough.
He coughed the first petal up after the pool.
“But that won’t change anything. I know what you’re doing, Mycroft. Once I tell John and get rejected, you’ll finally be able to convince me to get the surgery and then all my problems will go away, back to it was before I met John.”
When Sherlock’s wakefulness registered with John, John leaned forward, his hands, those perfect hands, coming up to curve around Sherlock’s face. And John kissed him. And he
He barely remembered anything from the stag night, but if he had to guess, he had done something a bit untoward, and the fantasy portion was infiltrating his mind. He wanted Sherlock. But he was too far into the biggest mistake of his life.
“So, Miss Santos,” Lestrade said, small pad in his hand, “You’re sure your father wasn’t the mastermind behind this?”
He coughed the flowers up as his place was made on the pavement, one of his homeless network looking at him with sympathy.
Rosamund Scott Watson, as she was now known, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia when she was four years old. Everything that had happened in John’s life leading up to that moment was nothing compared to the heart-stopping diagnosis. His father’s abuse, his mother’s death, the war, James, Sherlock, Mary, all of it couldn’t compare to the packet of paper in his hands. Sherlock sat beside him, Rosie on his lap, head lowered, silent tears falling into the girl’s curly mop.
John sighed and released his grip, rolling onto his back, watching as Sherlock crossed the room, naked. They caught each other’s eyes in the wide mirror above the rickety dresser. “You’re gorgeous,” John whispered, admiring the view, the lines of old, fading scars only bringing a slight pang to his chest now.
“She’s not your daughter, Sherlock! You don’t get to make this decision!” John felt his temper rising.
John wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock’s waist, “Don’t say that. Because I know exactly which part you would change.”
A strange look crossed John’s face as he looked up, “Really?”
“What if I told you it was a secret? Then would you leave it be?”
“Sober, John. I promised. For you and Rosie. And I imagine Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft won’t leave me alone. I’ll be alright.”
Pink carnation. Passion flower.
“Sherlock, what’s in this locked box on top of the dresser?”
. A diagnosis seems pretty damn serious to me.”
Two years passed as slowly as possible. Sherlock’s wrists hung from the walls of the cell of Baron Maupertuis. A pile of flowers laid at his feet, decaying and rotting. The flowers had changed over his time away. Baby’s breath and clove.
John and Sherlock separated, Sherlock grabbing the duffle bag, John grabbing Rosie, and the little family headed toward the flat.
John looked at the man before him, the man who had tried his hardest to prove himself to John in the last few years, even stepped back from whatever it was they were about to cross, all for him and Rosie. The least he could do in that moment was let him call his brother for help. John nodded.
“I think you give my Watson gene more credit than it really deserves. I’ve wanted to give up more times than I think you really understand.”
Lestrade nodded, “She didn’t know. She didn’t meet Olive until after she and her parents fell out. Have people working it out now.”
Mycroft came into the bathroom while he was cleaning himself up. The first thing he did was look into the sink at the flowers laying there, “Oh, Sherlock. Why didn’t you say anything? Why didn’t you tell him?”
That’s the last thing he remembered until the next morning where he woke up with a glass of water and paracetamol on the bedside table and a note from John.
“A secret?”
“I love you. I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much.”
The anger seeped from the room as John sighed, “Christ, Sherlock.”
When they pulled up in front of the terraced flat, Sherlock looked to John, “Do you have your gun?”
“I don’t like leaving you alone tonight,” John lamented, trying honesty on for size. The reason why went unsaid.
His world hadn’t just stopped. It had
“I want her to have her father, John. They both deserve that much. It wasn’t their fault.” His voice was tight. John pulled him closer.
Mycroft scanned Sherlock and John for a moment, “You haven’t explained it to her yet, have you?”
Rosie smiled up at him and climbed out of his lap, waddling across the floor to climb into Sherlock’s lap and kiss his cheek. Sherlock beamed at her, “
He could just about hear her grinding her molars as he took the upper hand.  He did have to credit the girl for how quickly she returned the mask, in an attempt to hide her palpable frustration. With the water boiled, she took the time to prepare the tea in her cup.  He continued, adding, "The only real question, is why you do not want John to see you?"
The detective’s eyes lit up at the prospect of their mutual mental connection and the vampire could see him internally cataloging the distance they had permeated, when John brought the focus back to their conversation. “Do you think Moriarty has had been involved this whole time?”
The detective's mouth pursed and then he continued to eat.  It was delicious.  It was just odd that one who studied the bird's ecology would willingly eat one.  They ate in silence and then she put a kettle over the fire for tea, serving him a mug full at the table when it was ready.  She put out powdered creamer and sugar cubes, making no apologies, as she heaped both into her cup.  Sherlock grabbed two sugars and ignored the offensive powder, even though he recognized that fresh milk was probably not readily available.  The brew was hot and with a tentative first sip he was glad to have his hands around a cup of it.
“Oh and other things, dear.” She admitted, frowning into her tea cup, “It’s sad, really, the state one is reduced too as we age.”
Sherlock knew then that John still doubted their success. He was no doubt more worried about his own safety, rather than focusing entirely on defeating Ludvik.  The genius pushed this thought over to John.
‘ Her thought was hissed, loud and clear in John’s mind. Sherlock felt the weight of its presence resonate from the vampire into his own mind, traveling unbidden between them. The detective’s brow knit, as he peered down at the unassuming girl before him. Had she done this as well? Pushed that thought so hard into John’s mind that it went through to Sherlock?
Sherlock nodded his head, before elaborating, “As best the vampires themselves know, vampirism can be linked back demonic possession.”
With a sudden whip-like reflex, the detective churlishly snapped, “But it can't be just a taste, can it?”
John’s eyes scanned quickly to the rooms he could see as he moved to the stairs, nothing looked disturbed which made him all the more afraid. A creek from the level above him caused his pulse to quicken and suddenly he was running up the stairs to the sound of Mary’s anguished cry and the crashing thunder of breaking glass.
The detective felt his own full lips pursing in response to the demand, the underlying threat in the words—betraying possibly a subtle fear?—defense mechanism...? His thoughts were getting him nowhere and John would soon leave if he didn't desist and move on, so the thin man planted his feet and rose from the chair. Spinning on his heel and heading away from the hackle-raised doctor, he discarded his cup and saucer on the cluttered desk that he came to and pointed absently over his shoulder at his friend, as he indicated the tea pot still steeping on the kitchen table. "Have your tea, John."
John heard it then, the approaching footsteps, the turn of a hand on the knob of the office door.  He could hear the mechanisms inside moving as the door was pushed open and he could then the beating of a mortal heart in the chest of the man that entered the room.  “Oh, please, don’t be so dim, John.  How my brother managed to withstand your simplicity I will never know.  Like watching a gold fish try to solve a riddle.”
John groaned with pleasure as he fought to control his mortal instincts. With blurring speed, his hands came up to grip the man’s head, fingers slipping into the array of dark curls. He held the bleeding mouth to his own, lapping at the open teeth marks on the other’s cheek and tongue. The vampire allowed himself to indulge in the unique flavor that was Sherlock. The potent pleasure of the taste filled his pallet as he greedily swallowed, again and again, taking the younger man in. Here, in this place, he could allow himself to take this. Here, he could take what Sherlock was freely giving, and he would not feel guilty.
With a slow nod, John withdrew his fingers, enjoying the sounds the younger man was making. Still maintaining his grip on Sherlock’s cock he continued pumping for the little bottle of lube.  Opening the cap, he liberally lathered his own erection, wincing slightly at the cold touch. Tossing the lube aside he took himself in hand and began stroking them both in sync, making sure to coat himself completely.
He inched his body forward in a slow coaxing motion, preparing his feet to hit the rug below and to have them take his full weight.  The pads of his toes landed, then his heels.  He spread them to support his weight efficiently, preparing himself for poor balance and muscle fatigue.  Then slowly he leaned forward and carried his weight up into a standing position.  His back seemed to protest, the muscles seizing, but he remained upright and grimaced through the short lived pain.  His vision wobbled slightly, only for a moment or two, and then he took a step, finding his footing with ease.  The motion was simpler than he had anticipated and he walked the short distance to the chair only a few feet away, just the bare hint of a limp from his time spent in the bed.  Quite possibly he may have only been there a few days.
"How long have I been here?" he asked.
John attempted to pull back, finding that Sherlock resisted letting him go, as his mobile vibrated in the pocket of his trousers, down around his knees.  “Sherlock…I…” he attempted to protest, barely able to string more than two words together.  The detective picked up the pace and John could hold back no longer.  His form crumpled forward as the throes of his orgasm…
Sherlock was certain that the two men knew of John Watson’s whereabouts and were involved in his disappearance.
come here to see more than what London’s droves of tourists seek.  More than the bland and boring historical sights and tourist traps.  The view of the Thames from London’s Eye not at all you’re interest, is it?”
Then, with the barest of movement, Sherlock felt a gentle rustling of his coat. It had been almost imperceptible. Most people would have missed it, along with their wallet. When he looked back there were still people close, but none near enough to be the offender. He checked the pocket of his wool coat and found a note.
Marisa had not said anything about the sessions.  He could tell that she was both relieved and worried about the fact that their little game of hide and seek had ended.  She would check in on him now more often, leaving a cup of tea on the nightstand by the bed.  Thankfully she never attempted to rouse him.  He would get nothing accomplished if she had.  The woman just went about her daily routine and her care for him in silence.   She did not ask about the doctor again until that evening.
“What?” Sherlock sputtered. He rifled through his mind palace in search of the reference he was obviously missing, appearing for all rights and purposes utterly baffled.
There was a brief pause before her friend went on, humming her acknowledgement. “Oh that's right, I remember you mentioning something about that. So—now he's missing again?”
“Fine. Yes.” Sherlock conceded.  His tone was churlish and earned the detective a disappointed look from the vampire, prompting him to add, “I am not a pet, John. If you want me to work the case, then I need to be allowed to do so.”
Releasing Sherlock, he slid up to position himself at the man’s entrance. Leaning forward, one hand braced against the bed he held his erection in place, just brushing Sherlock’s entrance. He hesitated as he looked up at his friend, memorizing how he looked at this moment, utterly beautiful in his masculinity.
Chuckling the doctor eyed his friend, whose owe gaze seemed to somewhat shyly be admiring some errant spot on the bed-covers. "Thanking you, hm?"
The vampire found the tall brunet sitting in the driver’s seat of the luxury car they had loaned form Armand’s safe house.  The car had been moved to the other end of town, parked outside a petrol station. It was fueled and ready to go. Sherlock was dressed and had pushed the seat back, so he could fit the laptop on his lap comfortably. He sat and typed away, the white illumination from the screen casting an eerie glow in the car’s interior. John gave an exhausted sigh and walked around to the passenger side. He opened the door and slid into the seat, his head flopping back against the headrest as he took a moment to relax. Sherlock was here. He was safe. Lestat was gone. He rolled his head to look over at the man, who still had not yet acknowledged his return.
It happened so suddenly.  The burning soon transitioned to a frigid sting.  His knees gave way.  His energy waned and he felt the heat leaving his body. There was none of the pleasure in this bite that he had experienced the previous night when Louis had drank from him. This was agony, physical pain and no dreamy visions to distract from the trauma of what was happening to him.  He could feel the muscles of his heart begin to painfully ache with each struggled beat, the sound of each pulse deafening, resounding in his ear drums and between his temples.  He gave a gasping breath, as the body that held him slowly moved to lay him on the cold ceramic stone of the floor in the entry.  His vision swam at the edges, like a radial lens blur on a movie screen.
me, John!” Snapping his head to the side, fully exposing the wound as the warm wet trickle could be felt trailing down past the collar of his shirt. The blood on his fingers accenting his point, as he presented the wound.  He wished he had taken more care to not twist his head so violently.
Los Angeles, New Orleans, Toronto, London, Paris. On a Friday night, they all had the same thing in common; herds of bodies milling about darkened streets in various states of their best and behaving proportionally worse in conjunction to the consumption of intoxicants they had acquired. A man in a long coat sang jovially as he swayed with one arm raised above his head and the other wrapped tightly around the pretty woman at his side, cheeks ruddy from the crisp January air and the liquor that was obviously warming them.
After a long moment of silence, John finally heard the shifting of material. He guessed that Sherlock was removing his coat, hopefully in preparation of following the order. “John, you had explicitly stated that any masturbation was to be done in the privacy of the bedroom.” The other man was still at the door, having made no move towards the kitchen.
“You have avoided my question altogether, and I really could care less how you feel about anything I do, because it’s pretty damn obvious that you don’t feel anything.”  She paused, gesturing wildly with her hands, slamming one down against the palm of the other like judge’s gavel, as she demanded, “Just answer the fucking question: How do you know John Watson is not dead?”
In truth, the vampire was still bored.  The detective was having difficulty picking up on his little rouse and he was growing restless with waiting for time to take its natural course.  The natural course was always so boring.  So, he found himself on his way to Baker Street to perhaps speed things along.  His shoes left the cool damp grass and were once more on the cement of civilization, as he made his way to the flat.  They stopped suddenly, however, when his immortal eyes graced the sleek black Ferrari parked out front from over a block away.  They narrowed to sinister blue lit slits.
Mycroft watched as the tall figure moved forward.  It took steps that seemed to make no audible sound, the figure gliding into the centre of the room, a seamless movement more graceful than the human frame was capable of creating.  Soft blond curls fell around a pale angular face.  Defined brows arching over piercing crystal sapphire eyes, that glowed with an eldritch illumination, reflective like a wild cats eyes caught in the headlamps.  The mouth was androgynous, full lips any woman would kill to wield, pulled into a smile that threatened the man who beheld it.
The two men stopped. They were pulled apart by the sudden intrusion of the continuing sound.  John looked past the man atop him for the source, realizing only then that they were no longer in the mind palace.  His eyes darted back to the face over him, lips smeared with blood.  He pushed Sherlock back, a knee-jerk reaction to push the smell of that blood further from him, as his heart raced and his mind scrambled.  He could feel the heat of the blood on his own mouth, coating the inside, and settling in his stomach.  Sherlock righted himself onto one elbow. He was not the least bit concerned by what had happened while they had slept. His entire focus was on the here and now. His bright eyes blazed up at the intruder.
His mind paused at the thought, distracted for a moment as the world regained some balance and the pain became a throbbing ache.
They walked away from the run down block that their safe-house was located in, taking their time, and practicing a mortal speed. There were many people here, although one would not expect it. They were crammed into tiny buildings and rooms, not enough money to stay somewhere better. Here it was easier and more convenient to find a victim to satiate his thirst—at least for a while.
John’s smile twitched at the corner in aggravation, as he wondered where Lestat was and if Louis and this bastard had set him up for this humiliation, when David added, in his quiet manner, “Your former fiancé was once a member of the latter group.”
John came back in from the patio to the warmth of the penthouse and wondered why he was so anxious—or was it truly excitement?  Either way, it was unsettling.  He still had no real reason to trust the American and he wasn’t even really sure what was to happen to him after tonight.  Louis had said that they were leaving, going somewhere safe, and that Sherlock would be included in that plan.  That part wasn’t as exciting.
“That is exactly why I want Sherlock away from him.” Mycroft answered.
“Not that one.” Another demand, which was followed by an action that defied all logic and reason.  As if on, cue the cupboard door under the sink slowly pulled back, revealing a stack of folded towels within.  Sherlock closed the distance in one easy stride and grabbed out the towel on top, handing it to his unwanted guest, trying to hide his surprise and intrigue.
Lestat finalized the Holmes’ sentiment of surprise, fists clenched at his sides, eyes like daggers, as he threateningly hissed, “He’s about to be…”
Sherlock only grunted a response, shaking his hands back through his soaking wet mop of dark curls, pulling them back from his eyes, as Mrs. Hudson squeaked her delight at seeing him alive—even if he did not look well.  As he had demanded she had a cup of tea for him and he took it brusquely from her, before taking up a seat in his leather chair.  He crossed his legs and took a sip of the tea, savoring it, before he derisively snapped, “Spare me your unintelligent questions.  I have not the time to waste on stupid answers.  Yes, I have been away. Yes, I have returned. No I do not know where John is and, yes, I am still looking for him.”
“I went back last night to the crime scene,” Sherlock began, in his rambling narrative, “finding nothing more, even after searching the adjacent buildings within a block’s radius.  Finding my efforts unprofitable I decided to turn my attention back to the victim’s trauma.  Molly wouldn’t release a cadaver to me for what she called ‘mutilation’ and so I had to make do with this. However, so far, I have been unable to prove my theory.”
When Sherlock chuckled around him the vibrations rose him higher. He cried out, his hips warring with itself as he struggled between thrusting up into that delicious heat and down into that sharp pleasure.
“Who is Mary Morstan?” Sherlock whispered, as the exciting revelation of the curious mystery took root in his brain, blossoming into a flurry of deductions that whizzed through him like an electrical current through water.  “Orphan, convenient.  The skip code, practice and skill.”
John found himself laughing and wrapped his arms around the lithe man knowing that nothing would ever be the same. But with Sherlock when was that not the case?
Annoyed with the girl’s pitiful infatuation, the detective pushed forward to make his own order.  “Grande salted caramel white mocha, half sweet, and one-hundred-seventy degrees.”  He smiled too but the girl seemed unimpressed, struggling to key in the complicated order.
Sherlock glanced up at the large ornate hands of the gilded clock face that towered over the stone square in the heart of Prague.  Even at this hour the area was crawling with tourists and locals.  It was the perfect inconspicuous place to meet Marisa.  John was nervous, his agitation apparent in the way he held his shoulders, the way he moved, and in his silence.  The detective could tell this was caused by the milling crowd of tourists, who gazed up in awe and amazement at the craftsmanship of the astronomical clock that overlooked them all.
John groaned as he leaned back into his chair, the worn seat an old and comforting friend as it cradled him in its familiar embrace. Finally, he was done for the evening, now he could just relax and pretend the day had never happened. After everything he’d dealt with today he was refusing to move anywhere other than eventually to his bedroom. Trying to convince his sore body to relax and aching head to stop throbbing John snagged the cup of tea he had just made to take a nice, long drink.
The dawn was approaching, the vampire could feel it with every fibre of his being. As the car made its way into the ancient city, they found a hotel and made suitable arrangements for the evening. Finding a room with little outside light was harder than one might think, but they managed it, with a few minutes to spare. This left John even more on edge as the dawn brought on the immortal slumber that left him unconscious on the bed.
John glanced between his ex-flatmate and the vampire Lestat then shook his head stepping partially between the distance that separated the two as he interjected. “Whoa-whoa, I don’t think that’s such a great idea…”
“I concur.” Mycroft added his agreement flatly.
and the other
Swallowing hard, John nodded, though mostly for himself. He knew the basics; he was a doctor after all, but in this moment, he was torn between lathering himself up and running away. If they did this, there was no going back to how things were before. Though, after everything else they had been doing there was no going back either.
John took the two steps across the room to a wooden chair in the corner, where he had folded his own clothing the morning before. As he pulled on the snug jeans and slung the azure short-sleeve button up over her shoulders, Louis was at his side. The other vampire’s delicate hands calmly came to the sides of his torso, as he leaned down and encouraged, “Slow, John.”
“Yes,” the warm chuckle behind David’s tone made the mortal man relax as he reached out and gave a gentle pat to Mycroft’s knee. “It was a gas leak that caused the explosion and there is no conceivable way that your many watchers could know a supernatural creature had set it all off. Especially if the Talamasca haven’t been able to figure it all out. Not that I doubt your own organizations skill.”
The quirk at the corner of his maker's lips reminded him cruelly that he had failed.  Louis sighed and turned a wan smile which seemed to make the pleasantly enticed curve of the other's mouth grow wider. "I do believe it would be a waste of breath to spare you the words to explain." He admitted verbosely. "You already know."
John took a deep breath and stared at the back of the man who was now pouring his focus into the items in front of him. The picture of one at work over a difficult task and despite the new surroundings it felt almost like old times at Baker Street. He took pains to let the moment linger and Sherlock’s truth about their situation settle.
It had been the penthouse all over again, his prison and morgue. The last place he had drawn breath as a mortal man. He had stood over the pale and trembling body of Sherlock, the clammy white flesh was stark in comparison to the dark crimson that pooled beneath the man, too large for the man to still be living if it had all been his. Blood tears ran down from the glassy eyes, shifting in tone from green to blue to gold and grays. His lips were stained with the same scarlet, his hair matted with it, the black long-coat was heavy and saturated and the man himself was clawing towards John along the floor. The mouth was open, gulping at him, as blood poured out with each parting of his lips. Slender boney fingers reaching for him and John was backing away—but not in horror. Instead there was an intense feeling of dominance that rolled through him. Of a sinister and painfully heart wrenching disgust at the other who was so desperately trying to reach him, to communicate through the regurgitation of bodily fluid.
The first night he was back in London, he didn’t sleep. He couldn’t. He knew what he would see when he closed his eyes. When he finally got John back, however, and John saw the state in was in, he gave in to his body’s needs and slept. He woke up, shaking and sweating, screaming in Serbian. John was by his side, a soothing hand on his arm, and Sherlock fought his innate instinct to flinch. John was there, and everything was fine.
John’s hand came up to cover his mouth, which was also covered by a surgical mask. He felt his own blossoms rising up his throat and he suppressed them as best he could.
“What do you want? Tell me.”
“We were too busy worrying about what to do with the information ourselves before we tried explaining it,” Sherlock said, looking a bit ashamed.
“Why should I?” Sherlock shot back, rolling his eyes.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock said, not turning to look at him.
Walking up the seventeen steps to Baker Street felt like a gauntlet. He didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone, but he knew he had to. Sherlock hung his coat and still kept his eyes away from John. He stood in the middle of the sitting room, shoulders hunched, gripping the bridge of his nose. Then his shoulders started to shake. John stepped forward and wrapped him in his arms again, “You’re alright, love. You’re home. You saved her. She’s alright.”
Rosie smiled and launched to John, climbing into his lap cuddling into his side. John smiled somewhat sadly and kissed her forehead, “Thank you, love. Are you and Nana Hudson done?”
John is out of the room the first time he coughed up flowers in front of Mary. She looked at him in shock and horror as the flowers fell into his hand. With her being a nurse, she came to his aid, and when she connected the meaning of the flowers her face fell, “Oh, Sherlock. Who is it?”
is a feasible outcome.”
When they had finished, John excused himself, wanting to return to his unfinished blog entry. He had a couple more hours to add some girth to the adventure before he would have to jump in the shower. He left Sherlock to collect and examine his bullets from the chamber experiment, returning to his laptop.
Louis took him. Owned him, pummeled the sweet cherub like a little whore until he cried out and then cooed sweetness into his ear.  He rolled atop him, groaning as the slender legs wrapped around his back and pulled him closer. Armand wanted this, wanted Louis to take what he needed. Louis’ hips rocked slowly, his cock slipping almost the full way out before plunging back in, eliciting mutual moans of enjoyment. Fingers clawed at his back, causing him to shutter as Armand’s breathy request blew hot on his ear.
The doctor had to bite back another retort, his teeth deep in his bottom lip, the pain not nearly as real as the electrifying touch of the detective.  There was silence again—nothing within it that seemed out of the ordinary for an evening in this part of London.  John's mind was roiling.  He was embarrassed, guilty, angry, resentful, and more—all of which made a swirling cacophony of noise that thundered between his temples right along with his accelerated pulse.  The hairs on the back of his neck slowly stood and the raging storm within him quieted a little, as he realized that Sherlock was frozen—stock still, completely unmoving.  The doctor closed his eyes and strained to listen, as his thoughts transitioned from being self-consumed to suddenly alarm.  His own body was reacting as though they were threatened, as though danger surely loomed somewhere near within the shadows and the blackness that had swallowed them.  It bothered the soldier even more that he felt blind to its stalking presence.  Then—as suddenly as he had frozen—he jumped to his feet.  It was a fluid motion of trained and limber limbs, as lithe as any athlete.  That fierce pale gaze shot upwards, scanning the perimeter of the roof tops that reached for the hazy night sky, black brick meeting softly glowing clouds that hung low above the city lights.  Again.  Nothing.  There was nothing.
"You know as well as I do, Louis, that if Lestat really has intentions to wreak havoc with these mortals, you have little hope in stopping him. In truth, unless you already have them trussed up and ready to be shipped off somewhere 'safe' Lestat could already have executed whatever nonsensical plan he's managed to put together to entertain himself." Though his intent wasn't to scold, Louis heard the adamant truth in his tone.
"Don't be daft, John, this should not easily be dismissed." the detective scolded, his nose and eyes scrunching with distaste.  "You have said so yourself, you don't really know how all of the gifts immortality has granted works.  We should explore this more."
"We should use this to our advantage." Sherlock reinforced.
“Obviously,” the doctor paused to note the quirk that just as quickly vanished at the corners of Sherlock’s lips, “Well, obviously this was a Murder of some sorts.”
And Sherlock realized, he may have already lost this game.
Sherlock let out a low, shuddering breath and moved in behind John’s spread legs. He spread himself across John’s back, head dipping to place soft trailing kisses along his spine and shoulders. He coiled himself around John’s still shaking form, one hand splaying across his chest, the other sliding down to grasp him in a firm grip.
"You know," Louis said, quietly, a small pause breaking the sentence, "I love riding ferris wheels."
Groaning, Armand closed his eyes tight, steeling himself against the urge to give into the others request. Instead his hand slowed its work and released his captive. When his eyes opened again they were met by a look of mild confusion and a slight pout on the puffy lips, which caused Armand to smile.
Once everything was out and an uncomfortable silence had descended, the two men looked at one another and tried to reason what their next step should be. This was broken by the unceremonious rumbling of the consulting detectives gut. It was pretty clear that it was time to feed and water the human.
Sherlock’s intense eyes moved askance to his brother and Mycroft raised his nose again, answering the look in a proprietary tone, “However much you would like to believe that I am in complete control of every facet of the British Government and every other agency the world round, little brother, I will remind you that there are still levels beyond which I am privy to.  The organization that employed Miss Morstan is one of them.  The fourth party is arbitrary, a complete unknown.
David stepped up, pushing the two vampires apart.  John willingly moved a step back, whereas Lestat only moved forward in rebuke of his other fledgling’s action.  Still naked David stepped right between them and looked directly at his maker, demanding in a calm cool voice, “Take this else where.”
Not wanting to enter the bathroom the detective went to the mirror above the fireplace.  His own reflection was startling.  His hair was a tangled mess of dark unruly curls, with no shape and order.  His eyes were narrowed and foreboding, made all the more sinister by the tinge of purple under them from lack of sleep.  The collar of his shirt was spattered with dark crimson stains that had formed round circlets across the left collar of his shirt and slightly down the front, like the petals of dark poppies opening.  It was certainly dreadful looking.  The wound itself was mostly obscured by the shirt and when he reached up and pulled it back he was surprised to see the extent of the injury.  His neck was bruised a dark purple around the ringlet of puncture marks that was John’s dentals.  It was low on his neck, enough so that with his collar done up and his scarf about him it would probably go unnoticed.
The small bathroom was dimly lit and the mirror itself was stained and dirty, like most everything else in the pub.  The one light fixture in the dank room was set in the middle of the ceiling, behind him, making it terribly difficult to see inside his mouth, even with his face pressed as close to the mirror as he could manage with the sink in his gut.  He examined the inside of his lips and along his gum line, holding each cheek out in turn, as he would on any of his patients.  It was impossible to see anything, besides teeth and tongue.  Stepping back and turning on the rusted taps to wash his hands, he continued the examination with his tongue, poking and prodding, probing each recess unseen in the dim lighting.  The tangy taste of copper was gone and there was no visible wound, nor the twinge of pain to indicate one.
The hot mouth drew ever lower, lapping around and delving into his naval, as though not an inch of him could go unmapped, before finally descending low enough that the hot tip of his own cock pressed against the man's cheek.  Where now and again Sherlock had known there to be stubble, never terribly smooth, was now perfectly supple, and soft, the cool press on the skin against his cock thrilling.  The detective moaned loudly, repeating his lover's name, as his hips rocked forward with yearning, forcing the tip of his exposed length to rub against the wet lips that were parted in a wicked grin Sherlock had only known a time or two.
The man spoke as if it were the immortal that needed protection.  John seen things entirely different.  “You cannot expect us both to sleep in that bed.” He warned, his voice icy.
Sherlock stood incensed by the demon’s audacity.  “A little pre-emptive and presumptuous, isn’t it?” he called out, breaking the pattern of the play Moriarty had constructed to act in.
Her red brows fell at that remark.  “Well, that’s a backhanded compliment if I’ve ever heard one.” She snapped.  Marisa was perturbed but the intrigue was winning out.  Perhaps this was her way of relenting in their speechless challenge.  She took another sip from her mug of tea.  It was painfully obvious that she was thinking.  He could just about hear the thoughts whizzing through her mind.  Lestat had only given her enough information to deal with him and nothing more, which meant he did not trust her with anything more.  Perhaps she did not know what he really was.
"Oh no, I'm incredibly impatient. Let's give him a call shall we?" Lestat pulled out the mobile from his pocket and extended it to John who eyed it like it had offended him. "Oh come on, John. Just take it and give him a call."
“Then where is the body, Sherlock?” the inspector retaliated, angered that the detective was being so peevish.
The man’s mouth was a thin line.  The lips were pale, almost white, and full, but set so placidly.  “That has been the plan all along and trust me that it is in the works. If all goes accordingly you shall be accompanying me tomorrow evening.”
John groaned as he moved against the other man, unable to keep himself still. He needed more than the friction that they were creating. “Sherlock.” He begged the other man with his name alone.
David pressed his tongue against the tangy wound he had made in the mortal’s skin, healing it as quickly as it had been made, as his kisses continued upward from where his bite had left off. Mycroft’s own blazer had been shoved off, shirt buttons half undone as the vampire’s slender fingers slid deftly over heated skin to continue their work and expose the rest of the mans heaving chest.  The shirt was pulled back from one shoulder, another button was slid undone, and then it was pressed off of the other and David allowed the other man to push back so he could straighten and shed the barrier between their bodies completely.
Sherlock walked beside the vampire, now more invested in his inquiring than ever.  "Do all of your kind have the ability to read humans thoughts?" he asked.  The books had led him to believe that most could but not all.  Sherlock was more so looking for John’s understanding of the gift.
He felt no tension as the buttons of his shirt were torn open.  He could somehow hear each of them ping a surface over the roar of the aching that wracked his entire frame.  He felt the greedy pressure of the roaming hands glided downward, over his belt and the front of his pants, as a soft pink tongue wet the indent of his exposed navel.  The pressure on his chest relaxed a fraction and he suddenly sucked in a large volume of air, which only made his lungs burn more.  The blond head bobbed back a touch from his stomach and those pink lips slowly moved, a gentle and hushed voice spoke to him, “Just remember,” it said, “you asked for this…for what I’m showing you.”
After a short time, John did return the embrace, wrapping his arms under the wool back of his long jacket to grip the other man tightly.  To Sherlock’s dismay, he felt his eyes prick, welling with tears, as he babbled almost incoherently, “I-I thought I may…have lost you.”
"Figured as much.  After I get back, you can explain on the way." the vampire replied, before slipping out of the safe house and disappearing into the night.
Falling against the bed again he felt Sherlock begin rocking against him once more, light rhythmic presses against his arse. Panting, John tried to think through the cloud of sensations he found himself in. Wetting his dry lips, he opened his mouth. “Sherlock-” He breathed the name, only to find the rest of his words lost as a tongue slid languidly up the length of his spine. The warm, wet pressure broke off into nips as he moved, ending in an open, sucking kiss at the base of his neck.
David withdrew and healed the wound, lifting his head to see those intense eyes on him, fully aware of what the immortal had witnessed through the drink.  His mouth was set and determined.  David gave the man a nod, his nonverbal compliance to the man’s mission, and from a drawer on the other side of the desk the mortal withdrew a glass vile.  He passed it to David, the exchange supercharging their desire, bypassing the somber recollection of memories, as the vampire slicked his fingers with the unscented oil.
John gave the man a wary look.  “Then why am I really here…” he asked, then quickly gestured at the ground with both hands, amending, “actually here!?”
“No, John.” Sherlock bit his tongue, holding back a stinging comment, “but it is a place to start until we hear from Mycroft regarding the information he promised us. Besides, should one of the Talmasca be in the vicinity, you will be able to locate them by scanning the minds of those near by.”
Frustrated to have a kink in his morning ritual—well, the ritual he would have liked to keep for his mornings, which was in truth always interrupted by something—he stalked into the living room, where the meddling consulting detective was still stretched out on the couch against the far wall.  He peevishly snapped, “The toaster, Sherlock, really?!  Couldn’t you have at least left me the use of the bloody toaster!”
“Y-you?” the words stuttered from his mouth, as he looked up into the pale face of Mrs. Hudson’s new renter.
After another forty minutes the car was pulling up to a grand looking old hotel.  The town was small and quaint.  They exited the vehicle and checked into their room, where upon John discovered that there was only one large bed, grand in scale and size, with an elaborate mahogany frame and thick navy drapery.  The immaculately crafted bed took up much of the otherwise small room.  Sherlock walked briskly past his stalled form in the doorway, shedding his coat on the nearest chair, as he went about pulling the baroque-stylized curtains across the single window.
John gave an incredulous chuckle. “That thing kicked Lestat’s arse. Royally, I might add.”
"I'm afraid that stopping is not the answer you're looking for." Sherlock said, gesturing to his own head.  "I cannot stop thinking and I am unable to in any way turn it down or slow it down.  It's the natural way I process things."
“Molly Hooper told me you were out looking at that crime scene.” The man stated bluntly, the slander tossed at him deflected with ease, like the cigarette he flicked the ash from.
Sherlock did not stop feeding John’s mind with anything and everything he could, even as the vampire seemed to come out of the paralyzed state he had assumed when Ludvik had launched his attack, some ninety minutes prior. He watched John wake up, relief flooding the man’s face, and the detective had to prompt the vampire into action.
The abnormal feeling began to wash over him and he turned with a flourish of coat and rose. Looking at the rooftops in the darkness of the ally, he saw only the warm glowing fog of the low cloud cover, and around him there was nothing but absolute stillness. Glancing over the scene of the ally constructed in his mind, there was nothing disturbed in the close radius that would hint to a path of travel outside of the primary entrance. Walking towards the dumpster he approached the still impression of John who had stood near the garbage container. He purposely whisked the figure away with a physical sweep of his hand in the empty flat and back in the ally he plunged forward, with his head down as he focused on the details he recalled from the container.
by Phil Collins.  When he had finished his body and was working at the wet ends of his long dangling curls with fist-fulls of towel, the man finally answered his question, “The game is, I want you to give yourself to me, willingly.”
John spared him a look, that young face turning up to catch the detective with those startling deep navy speckled eyes, as the mouth parted wide and a pink tongue darted out to moisten the end of his erection.  His cock twitched in appreciation and anticipation, his loins pulling with the desire of seeing that man's wet mouth open and waiting, taunting and teasing him.  It had been too long.  He could wait no longer.  He rocked his hips forward again, a small portion of his straining erection popping past the open lips, before John drew back—mouth still grinning.
Now he had the power to see this right and he would see this through.
Mycroft looked up at his lover and the frustration was palpable.  “I have no clue.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted back to the blond suspiciously.  The man’s face transformed from the malicious smile to the perfect face of concern, as he pointed a finger at the cab that had darted back into traffic, and whispered, “I don’t think that you want
After hundreds of years, time could still be a fickle thing when it came to its passage, too fast when one wished they could pause ir it would drag along painfully slow with all the burn of salt in a wound. Entertainment helped greatly with the latter problem.
“A bite mark, on left side of the neck.” John answered, quickly.  “If it was human it was one powerful jaw, most certainly pre-mortem.  The poor bastard.”
"Sherlock!" John barked his name so loudly that it pierced the consulting detective’s ears and he reflexively cupped his hands over them. "No!" The next word was still loud but the sharpness was dulled, as Sherlock whirled to glare at his fuming companion, his ears ringing painfully. "You can't fight this fight on your own."
It was drastically different this time, the shot of pain that came from the teeth sinking into his flesh was only a pinprick and then the thrum of his heart reverberated heat in time with a strange cotton-headed pleasure. Even as his fingers grew cold with the precious little blood he had being drained away by the creature that held him, there was no pain in the action. His mind was whirring slower and slower with the events that had transpired, like a vortex in a bathtub drain, the scenes played over in his mind as he watched the drastic shift of his world spiraling downward to this moment.
“The part where you said you did this because I was gone.”
John swallowed, “That’s not enough.” He cupped Sherlock’s ribs where his scar was, “I want her arrested. I want her arrested for what she did to you. To us.”
Mycroft crossed the room as it got worse and hundreds and hundreds of tiny flowers spilled from his mouth. He sat down beside Sherlock and rubbed his back, just like he used to when Sherlock was younger, “You know the sooner you tell him, the sooner this can all go away, right?”
John, however, normally took the picture out when he was alone, gazing at the man he loved more than anything in the universe. It was a secret moment, really. He always just missed him when he was out of the house.
“It’s nothing,
“Oh my God…”
Sherlock looked up, slightly dizzy from the quick movement, “You mean that?”
“Have faith, John,” Mycroft whispered, “That’s all I ask. I’m not going to ask you to believe in a cure, but just… trust the treatment.”
The doors to 221B were locked. In his haste, he had left his keys with Mycroft. John took a deep breath and kicked. Mary had Sherlock kneeling on the floor in front of her, gun pressed to the back of his neck, “So nice of you to join us, husband. Can’t believe you almost lost my invitation in the post.”
Sherlock woke up, drowsy and uncoordinated, but he could feel someone’s hand in his. The hand was small, the palm was rough, and he knew that hand. He’d held that hand before. It was John’s hand. He gripped it lightly, his strength growing with every passing second. When he opened his eyes, John was looking right at him.
Sherlock bolted upright, wavering for a moment, “You said… you said when you
John finally turned around, “What? No. Sherlock, no, I would never do that. It’s just that sometimes it’s hard for me. I go back to a dark place every once in a while and I don’t want to worry you.”
“You can’t think like that, John. It isn’t beneficial. You know that.”
“He would have known, just in case this journey proves fatal. And you could have gotten the-”
“Rosie’s tests…” Sherlock choked, tears gathering in his eyes again. John had never seen his heart so clearly, “Rosie’s tests came back positive… for acute myeloid leukemia. Mycroft, she…”
, wishing only for him and never for me. It’s always been
The basement had three rooms, both doors leading out from the middle were closed. Sherlock nodded toward one, and John nodded back, moving toward it. When he turned the knob, it was locked. He snapped, getting Sherlock’s attention. He whisked over, kneeling by the knob, lock pick in his hand. The door swung open.
“I had suspicions that your flowers were for me. But I know you, Sherlock. If they were for me, you would’ve never gotten rid of them.” John’s hand curled around the side of Sherlock’s face, fingertips running through his curls.
Sherlock nodded, collapsing in his chair. John could see his throat working, trying to form words, “I didn’t know what else to do.”
“What you said last night, did you mean it?”
And sometimes they looked at their pictures together, pointing out differences between them then and them now. The photographs are just prove that they made it to where they wanted to be.
Molly shook her head, “No. I wasn’t in love with you, Sherlock. I was enamored, yes, but that’s not love.” She rubbed his shoulders again, a crease forming between her brows, “Sherlock…” she cleared her throat, “Is it John?”
“Lunch break. She has a night shift tonight and is home with Rosie tomorrow. Your break coincides with her nap. She won’t expect you home.” Lestrade, bless him, heard none of it as he rushed inside.
When he finished and all was quiet, he sat back on his heels and looked at Molly, “When you… with me… did you…?” He couldn’t get the sentence out. If he had put Molly through a similar thing, he would forever be guilty.
They exited Lestrade’s car, following after him into the hospital. Once they were in Olive’s room, Sherlock got Anya’s number from her without John even asking, calling her and letting her know where they are and the condition she was in, “Nothing life threatening. Her life was saved in more ways than one. Yes. Of course. You’re welcome.”
“...”
“That’s your lying voice. I know it by now. If something is bothering you, you have to tell me so I know what to do to fix it.”
“You did. He flatlined. But something just brought him back to life.” John stepped back as Greg and his men rushed into the flat. No one asked him any questions as he turned and walked down the stairs directly into Sherlock’s arms, “Is Rosie still asleep?”
And John did.
“No. He moved out of 221B last year. And he specifically asked me not to anymore.”
“Which part?”
“You’re gorgeous,” John replied.
John didn’t finish his sentence, not just from not wanting to, but because he had fallen asleep. Sherlock swallowed, closed his eyes, and sat back. He coughed quietly into his hand, letting the small blooms fall into the cup of his hands. He looked at them, and his heart seized in his chest. He looked to John and whispered, “I don’t want to get rid of my flowers either, John. Never.”
He was brought the news that Sherlock had flat lined, but revived moments later.
John gasped, “Your favorite! You better get back down there or she’s gonna start without you.”
Sherlock nodded, “Of course, John.”
John Watson was still kneeling on the ground where Sherlock had fallen. The strangers had begun to disperse, and Lestrade was there. There were petals in front of John. Pink carnation and passion flower. Lestrade didn’t say a word, just hoisted him from his knees and ushered him back to 221B.
The cloud of drunkenness dissipated from Sherlock’s mind as John’s question registered. Sherlock did what he did best when it came to John. He protected him. He lied, “No, John. I don’t have it anymore.”
“It hasn’t been tested yet. They have had no willing participants.”
Sherlock pondered on this for a moment, “What if it’s not true? What if I agree, they perform the surgery, and I wake with no feelings for John? What then?” Mycroft opened his mouth, but Sherlock didn’t let him answer, “I can tell you what then. I would have no motivation to dismantle Moriarty’s network. I will have nothing to come back to.
Rosie pulled her grumpy face, “The doctors poked me and made my arm ouch.”
John huffed out a laugh, “Of course I do. Now for the love of God, don’t ever do this again. If I lost you…” John cleared his throat, “If I lost you I don’t know what I would do. So please, for me, stay clean.”
“Not if I have any say in it,” Mycroft said, voice steady, “My contacts have assured me that the best care can be put in place for Rosamund.”
It happens less often than it used to. John wouldn’t say he’s still angry, at least not as much as that first year Sherlock was back. Between being ecstatic that he was and worrying about his wellbeing, John found time for the bitterness he had been harboring in his heart for two years. He tried his best to do it while Sherlock was out of the house or primarily occupied. Those days, the flat was very quiet, and John thought he hid it well until one particular morning.
They each had one. It was from their first Christmas together together. I had taken years for them to get there, and they never missed a chance to show it off. Sherlock did so most often. Whenever someone saw his wedding band and assumed he must  have a gorgeous wife at home, he couldn’t resist proving them wrong. “Oh yes, she’s the most beautiful thing. I have a picture of her, actually.” The look on their face when they see him and John is normally either deep confusion or anger. It never failed to make Sherlock smile.
Sherlock huffed out a chuckle, “Yes. Like a rock in the back seat.”
Sherlock rolled back over to look at Mycroft fully, “What?”
“Fine. You can have that. If that’s all you truly want, you can have it. Sherlock doesn’t need to die.”
He walked backwards, gun still aimed, keeping his eyes on the man, “Is she alive?” he asked.
Sherlock’s smile faded then, “You have to go home, John. You know that.”
me that whatever care you have in place will, in fact, save my daughter’s life.”
“We agreed, Sherlock. We agreed when we took her for her tests that we wouldn’t get him involved.”
“Sherlock—”
Sherlock walked back over, dressing gown shifting, and leaned down to kiss him, “You’re a menace, husband.”
Mycroft placed a steady hand on John’s shoulder and walked out of the flat to call people. John and Sherlock sat and just looked at each other, not saying anything. John’s throat worked around the words he held there, all the thank yous and apologies he should have said years ago but kept at bay because it would lead to something… more. Something that he didn’t think either of them were ready for, even after almost eleven years.
daughter, John. She can make it through anything.”
“Fine. Sherlock, it was the missus. It was her idea.”
“Devotion,” John whispered.
Sherlock felt blossoms rising in his throat but he did his best to keep them down. He can’t let them out, not after lying to John.
“Not here. I’ll have one of my detective friends call her once we get you to the hospital. She’s alright.”
Sherlock cut her off, “No. Not an option. The surgery will get rid of my feelings for him and I would let this god forsaken disease kill me before I let that happen.”
Sherlock smiled, “Stop looking at me like that. You’ll make me want to get back into bed.”
It was the day of the wedding. Sherlock had been walking around him as if there were eggshells surrounding them. And John seemed to be doing the same. Neither of them knew what to do around each other on today of all days.
“You can’t survive it. Not with this magnitude. Not with all the work that needs to be done.”
He couldn’t suppress his own blooms anymore. He fled the operating room and coughed up the flowers in the corridor. Several other patrons of the hospital looked on in sympathy, but no one stopped to comfort him.
Sherlock was on his best behavior for the longest time. Being kind, but not too kind, to both John and Mary. Because John was marrying her. And Sherlock was helping them plan the wedding.
Rosie nodded and let herself be carried back downstairs, one of the worst parts of the process now behind them. Mycroft returned moments later, face solemn, “I wasn’t lying to her. I will do everything possible to fix it.”
John kissed Sherlock’s shoulder, “She takes after you. You’ve always been a night owl. Go get her, then. Bring her down and see if we can get at least another hour.” He released Sherlock and rolled onto his back, watching as he pulled a dressing gown off the back of the door and wrapped it around himself.
Sherlock never dreamt much as a child, and when he did he never remembered it. It was always some inconsequential fear or wish he had, something that he knew would never come true. Even as he grew older, discovered who he was, he always kept this stance. He always tried to forget the dreams about the faceless man that would tell him he loved him.
Doctors, scientists, and philosophers have all agreed that the disease can be caused by unrequited love. However, they still had no clue as to why the flowers begin to grow. They have also speculated that in most cases, the flowers that grow within the host mimic the feelings that the host has by way of the language of flowers. Hence why Sherlock was now coughing up lily petals. He was hopelessly devoted to John, but over the last few months, that had become apparent.
John pocketed his phone as they pulled up to the hospital, shaking his head. Sherlock shifted beside him, “She gave you a time limit,” he whispered.
Olive sighed, “Mum? A year and a half. Daddy? Two weeks. We’d been meeting ever since I left. The last time I saw him he said he’d talk to Mum and call me when she was ready to talk. I think that’s what set her off. He was still on his meds when I saw him last.”
As he laid on the pavement, looking up at a broken John, he felt an entire bouquet rise up his throat, but he did his best to stifle them and the coughs. His homeless network, dressed as medical personnel, lifted him from the ground and pushed him away. As the doors closed behind him, he heard John begin to cough.
“And there’s other news. When I was keeping an eye on John, he too had hanahaki. Scientists have termed this hanahaki dualis. That is, if the feelings are between the same two people.”
There was a shifting in John’s arms that wholly woke him from his slumber. He reached out, latching onto the person trying to escape him, pulling them closer to his chest, “Stay,” he said, pressing his lips to a shoulder, “just a little bit longer.”
He had first heard of hanahaki disease when he was young. It was when he first started showing an interest in science. There was a documentary on television that he watched, and if he was honest, he was enamored. The documentary covered every basis. There was an archeological portion where they found some victims of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius with fossilized flowers where their lungs would have been. There was also a beat for beat comparison between the flowers that come from the disease and their wild counterparts. There were no differences.
Molly left it there, just rubbed his back for a few more minutes and helped him clean up the mess he’d made. If only there was a way to clean up the other mess that was growing around him.
Sherlock half smiled back, “A good thing, in case I’m ever needed again.”
John laughed, “You? I remember specifically I had a hand in there as well.”
“Probably not.”
Olive relaxed and let herself be untied. Her eyes looked past him, falling on her dad, “I don’t want him to get in trouble,” she said, voice small, “It wasn’t his fault. She’s a nurse, she took his meds, he’s not himself. I don’t want him to go to jail.” She hiccoughed, “He was the reason I came back.” Her eyes were bright with tears. John heard Sherlock take a shaky breath behind him and knew he was fighting a war in himself.
“John, I—“
One of the doctors turned to him a few hours into the surgery and said, “Sir, were you aware that Mr. Holmes has hanahaki disease? It’s fairly far along, like he had contracted it several years ago.”
John laughed, “You have no idea.”
After the Fall, however, that’s all he ever saw in his nightmares. Sherlock, falling from the roof of St. Bart’s, hitting the ground, the blood on his face. When he woke up alone then, screaming Sherlock’s name into a dark, unfamiliar room in his new apartment, disoriented and heartbroken, all he wanted to know was where he went wrong that day.
“Father. Old fashioned, most likely military, he’d be embarrassed. He loves his daughter. Thinks he’s doing what’s best for her. He’s trying to
“Sir, would you like us to perform that surgery as well? If this bullet doesn’t kill him, the disease will.”
John whirled on him, “No the hell you’re not. She’s my daughter, Sherlock.”
His next huge fit happened a few days later in front of John. It was a few months after the “death” of Irene Adler. He had been rambling like any other normal day, like any other case, when he felt it. It lodged itself in his throat, a lily this time. He’d been able to distinguish between the two. Then he’d started coughing, alerting John. He was by Sherlock’s side in a second, keeping him planted, not letting him run from the sitting room like he wanted to.
That strange look crossed John’s face again as he leaned even closer. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat as John’s lips brushed his own. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut as John whispered against his lips, “I never thought I would see you again. My flowers are for you, Sherlock. They always would have been for you.”
Sally Donovan burst into the room, “178 Royal College Street, Camden.”
“Say it,” Sherlock whispered, “Say it, John.”
This wasn’t going to end well.
It happened often for the two of them. When someone goes through that much trama, together and apart, nightmares were bound to happen. For John, in the beginning, it was Afghanistan, gunfire and dust and wind storms. Adam and Michael and… James. When it was just him, waking up alone, constantly shaking hand finally still, he knew what was wrong with his mind. He missed the war, but he hated what it made him into. When he woke up next to Sherlock, though, it made everything a little better, the pain a little more bearable, but John was always shaken.
John scoffed, “You and you’re fucking loopholes. How many times have I told you to quit doing that?”
Sherlock interrupted him, “John, just for once in your life, swallow your pride and let someone help you. It’s not a sin to ask for help.”
“I’m going.”
“Don’t look like that. There’ll be another case soon.” He leaned over and kissed John softly.
Mycroft nodded.
“You’ve left me no choice, I suppose.”
“I don’t trust anything right now, Mycroft. All I know to be true right now is the fact that my four year old daughter shouldn’t have fucking cancer!”
“The surgery to keep me focused on the task at hand, yes. But you don’t understand, Mycroft.
Mycroft sat carefully on the couch, settling Rosie in his lap, “
The three of them walked out, Rosie with one arm wrapped Sherlock’s neck, and the other reaching down to grip John’s little finger, not understanding why they both looked so sad.
“I have to look at every possible outcome.
John dropped his head into his hands and cried for the first time since this process began. He cried for himself, for Rosie, for Sherlock because he knew that he was suffering just as much as he was, “Whatever you need to do, Mycroft. Please. And thank you.”
Sherlock opened his mouth more times than he could count to say something. What, he didn’t know, but if he could hazard a guess, it would have been something to stop John in his tracks, to make his remember what he said the other night, but thought better of it. John’s flowers were for him, and Sherlock had lied to him and said he had gotten rid of his own flowers. He could have changed their fate at any moment, but he chose not to.
John stared at Sherlock’s empty chair.
There was Janine, and the proposal, and Magnussen, and Sherlock was dying.
, John.”
Mycroft sighed, “There’s a theory among the experts that it can be slowed down. That a partial surgery can leave the host with the same feelings for the object of their affection, but diminish the amount of flowers.”
John nodded, “Five o’clock. Just enough to get a statement and get you home.”
Sherlock said nothing.
If I have the surgery, there would be no point. I can survive this task, and I can survive the hanahaki. I can come back to him.”
John nodded, eating in silence, listening to his daughter babble and his wife talk about her day. He was already formulating how he was going to get out of here.
“Why don’t you ask the various needles around the flat?”
He was in front of Molly at the lab when the full flowers started. Lilies, full buds of acacia, all with small flecks of blood covering them, landed in front of him on the floor. He followed them, his knees hitting the linoleum.
John looked up at him, “Sometimes even the best care isn’t enough, Mycroft. You’re not a god. You can’t
Mycroft arrived ten minutes later, and, just as she always did, Rosie knew when Uncle Myc was in the building. The tapping of his umbrella gave him away every time. From upstairs John could hear her squeal of delight, “Uncle Myc, Uncle Myc, Uncle Myc!” The patter of toddler feet leaving Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
“Can I tell you something important,
He moved across the concrete floor to the other room where Olive was still bound, “Olive,” he said lightly, tapping her face. She opened her eyes, fear immediately overtaking them, “Sh, sh, sweetheart, it’s alright. I’m here to get you out. You’re alright. You’re safe now.”
“Please don’t give me the loving big brother speech, Mycroft. Yes, I want this. No, I won’t break his heart,” John said, exasperated.
“Not exactly quelling my desire to do so, love.”
“I know. But God was it worth it. I love you so much.”
“Exactly, and I vowed to protect her, John. From everything.”
“When you came to see your parents, how were they acting?”
“There’s a proposed chemotherapy regimen and payment plan in the packet. If there’s anything else I can do at this stage, please don’t hesitate to give me a call.” She rose and extended a hand to John, which he shook, and to Sherlock, who begrudgingly did the same.
“You mean,” she laughed mockingly, and snidely spat, “with his cock inside of me? Thank God! He took from you what he needed, when he needed it, and when he was done he couldn’t even do you the service of telling you the truth. He left you to pine for him, so he could feel important while you only felt misery and pain.”
John was feeling confident amongst the other coffee addicts in their presence. Things seemed easier tonight and it was extremely pleasing. Louis had promised they would return to London once everything was in order.
Sherlock knew exactly what he was begging for. He released his unyielding grip on John’s straining wrists before he began to bite and suckle his way lower. Sharp teeth accented the detectives soft and talented fingers sliding across his chest. Still, he trailed down, forcing John to unwind his legs until his teeth were grazing sharply against John’s thigh.
The detective had felt that alarm go off before but was recounting his previous moments of fear and they relieved nothing. The closest moment of what he considered irrational fear was during his and John’s adventure with the great 'Hound of Baskerville' and the drug induced horror the make-believe demon dog produced.
Where there was poverty, there was desperation, and where there was desperation, there was those that were corrupt. Corruption fed upon desperation and Louis and John in turn fed upon them. It was the only way to justify the death of any mortal—if there was a means of justification, which John still fervently believed there could never be. He knew that Louis felt the same way, he could feel it, but the vampire never voiced this.
They both cried out, their mingling shouts of pleasure music to John’s ears. He stayed there for a few panting moments revelling in the pulsing tightness, trying to keep himself under control, otherwise, he would be finished almost before he started. Pulling nearly all the way out he began to slowly thrust, initiating a gentle rhythm. He bowed his head and began kissing at the crook of the detective’s neck. This had to be one of the most amazing things he had ever felt.
John tore his lips away as he arched and cried out, his body straining against the younger man. His legs tightened possessively around Sherlock, forcing their erections together and creating a faster pace. He needed more.
The detective was fighting contempt, never having enjoyed being told what he could or could not do, and so his reply was said with petulance, "What exactly would you have me do then while you are incapacitated?"
Louis awoke with the thirst annoyingly gnawing at him. With Armand out of town, Lestat only God knew where, and the flats above his own deathly silent, he decided to alleviate his condition in one of the less savory areas of the city where another missing person wouldn’t really be missed.  Once satisfied he wasn’t really sure what to do with himself at first and his thoughts turned to finding out what the consulting detective had managed to discover thus far.
"I'm fine, I just need to sleep. Stay here. Don't follow me or try to break into the safe room. I could literally kill you and have no idea until I wake up. I really don’t want to wake up to having murdered the one person still alive who is important to me." The words were becoming slurred by the end as he rallied the last of his strength to get into the safe room in the cellar below.
She made a disregarding sound and rolled her eyes, leaning back in her chair.  “You honestly expect me to answer that?”
It didn't really matter how Louis responded, he realized, the game was already a foot and he was losing. Lestat was obviously intrigued by the news coming out of the United Kingdom about this genius consulting detective and the cases that he had solved for Scotland Yard—or more dangerously perhaps he simply had nothing else to do. Either way Louis was getting the distinct impression that the other was not about to withdraw his interest. He would see that akin to defeat.
She smiled again. It was too understanding, too patient, too kind to be real. It was patronizing now. Looking upon him with pious pity and condemnation. “As if you had a choice in the matter.”
That wasn’t the end Sherlock was looking for. The last thing he needed to do was to insult John into clamming up again. "Mortals than, if you so prefer." Sherlock quickly amended.
Their gazes met, and John suddenly realized he had been staring. He swivelled his head back to his laptop, feeling his cheeks warm uncomfortably. It took a hell of a lot longer to figure out where he had left off with his blog than it had the last time, as he tried to ignore his own physical response to the detective behind him.
"Gah, Sherlock!?" John managed, as the force of the roll pulled him flailing over top of the other man in a tangle of limbs and blankets, until he finally found himself under the lanky body of the consulting detective. Once again he was pinned by his flatmate but the edge of competition was gone. It was just the weight of the other’s body holding him in place, their faces only a few inches from one another.  The shifting prisms of those eyes held him in place and caused his mouth to go suddenly dry at what he saw within them.
The next kick was right on the money.  John felt an incredible bursting pain hit his midsection—a boot to the gut—before a hand grappled the front of his shirt, twisting the fabric in an attempt to lift him.  The cotton gave, ripping away, and it was enough of a distraction for John to slam both of his flat palms into Lestat’s chest, managing only to push some distance between them.
Sherlock pulled away at that single word, slowly shaking his head. He took a step back and carefully shrugged out of his jacket before he turned to hang it on the back of the door. He glanced over his shoulder to look back at John. “This.” He scoffed. “You can’t even say what ‘this’ is.” He punctuated his words with a low, mocking laugh and another shake of his head.
The vampire finally pulled back, beholding the man in his embrace. Dark eyes met his own, white around the edges with a madness and coldness that he was all too familiar with. His hands released their grip on the shorter man that had replaced his lover.
If Louis tuned out everything else, the hum of the floor board heater, the tinkling of water moving through the pipes within the building, the thrum of the odd vehicle moving past, or the droning of conversations beyond the walls of the flat, he could create and almost clear image of the memories lazily moving through the detectives straying mind.  Playing like a movie on an old time projection reel his immortal mind could capture the audio clearly, the odd part of a blurred image slipped through here and there, Louis’ own imagination completely capable of recreating what was lost, as the detective allowed his drowsy mind to leak.
John was silent. Sherlock sent him a glance, trying to ascertain why, when the vampire finally uttered a gobsmacked response.  “Wow.”
Strong hands pressed down on the small of his back, flattening out in the pool of oil. He moved slowly up John’s back, along his spine, and across his shoulders, rubbing the oil in. Once his back was lathered Sherlock began again at the small of his back. Using more pressure this time, fingers digging in and pulling at the first of the knots. He pressed in, massaging in small circles, slowly working his way back up.
“What?!” John laughed outright, laying an arm across his heated face.  “That’s what you were doing with my laptop?”
Sherlock had hoped that John would return as soon as night fell, wondering how long after the man had been at Baker Street had he and Lestat returned.  He felt slightly ashamed to have not noticed that John had been there until Lestrade had produced the note and had scoured the flat after the inspector had left for signs of John.  There were no obvious clues.
Then to the inspector’s surprise, the detective did something he least expected.  He straightened, his back going rigid as he squared his shoulders.  In a calm pleading tone, Sherlock Holmes asked him, “Please, Lestrade.”
It did not take much longer for the blood-daze to be replaced by the rejuvenating effects of the nourishment and soon he was running once more. He was thankful the moment the lights from the small village came into view.
Strong emotions of longing, desire, and lust wafted throughout the memories, all shrouded by the man’s own understanding and stubborn refusal to accept them for what they were, as Louis watched through the detective’s own eyes the doctor John Watson—watched the man as the detective would have watched him, silent little stolen moments when the doctor’s attentions were distracted elsewhere.  Making tea in the kitchen, filling mugs amongst beakers of goop, human remains, and bleach.  Sleeping with his head lolled back against a union jack clad pillow slumped into the well-worn burgundy chair, the telly still playing.  Brushing his teeth at the sink in the bathroom.  Shaving in preparation for a date.  Typing at the paper cluttered desk beneath the bison skull, headphones on and head down, fingers racing as his tongue played circles over his bottom lip to help him concentrate.  Those dark blue orbs looking up, finding, lingering, crinkling with the warmth of the smile that spread across his thin lips bellow.
So his gaze turned then to the windows of the flat above the small hovel that he rented in the basement of 221, as he wondered what the consulting detective had deduced from the scene.  He had no doubt in his mind that the brunet had been involved in full forced, with a gruesome murder practically on his doorstep.
“Clothing.” The word left Sherlock’s lips as his eyes snapped open and he sprung up from the chair then sat down immediately, tossing his head back and bumping it with a loud thud against the jacquard printed wall behind him. “Body was too clean, what idiot would leave something on the clothing.”
The bedroom was dark too, Sherlock’s figure in the long jacket nearly an outline splashed a little with the warm light from the streetlamps outside that hit his face and shoulders where he was pulling the curtain back.  The stock stillness with which the man erupted from at times with a contrasting leap, bound, or turn around was what the doctor expected to see, as he announced his presence with the flick of the light switch by the door.
“A rebel faction.” Mycroft answered, “Had she been a part of this group?”
“I no longer have one.” He replied, his meaning fully registering on the brunette.
John’s first instinct was to tell the man to bugger off but caught himself before he could dismiss the stranger. Maybe he could find some information about the missing girls instead of standing here like an idiot. It had to be better than waiting for Sherlock to reappear at some point.
"You don't even want to try? I'm offended!" The mockery in his words was clear.
, to another that read
"Genetically superior, John." The words were muffled and truculently grumbled into the pillow.
The vampire leapt effortlessly from the rooftop suite, out into the cold London night. It wouldn’t do to stay in London, people would be looking for the infamous detective and that creature could too easily find them again. As Lestat’s feet touched down gracefully on the pavement beside the sleek Mercedes CLK GTR, the block was rocked with a massive explosion.  His gaze snapped upwards, eyes wide in recognition.  The tremendous fireball which lit the sky above the city was the very penthouse he had just left.
John's mouth gave the detective a wry smile and the vampire took a step forward, coming into the man's space, as he lowered his voice and answered, "I could smell you."
"Wait, what?" John stuttered, stopping.  Sherlock came to a stop and turned to face the vampire.  "You mean, Lestat couldn't read your thoughts?"
John was panting, every muscle straining as he held himself in check. Sherlock pulled back, sucking as his tongue danced a deliciously amazing pattern along his shaft and coiling around his head. All he wanted to do was thrust as hard as he could into that breathtakingly talented mouth. Then Sherlock began to move again. starbursts exploded behind his eyes and John’s hips began to move of their own accord, trying to go deeper and faster.
John hesitated another moment and then plucked the phone from the pale slender fingers of the hand extended to him. He swiped the screen and brought up the call menu then tapped in the digits of the consulting detective’s mobile.  The doctor gave the blond one last look and the other threw up his hands in a defensive gesture, chuckling, "It's not going to bite you, John."
“Well you are a B-list failed musician who likes to pass himself off as a vampire and has most certainly taken to killing.  I estimate that you have been an active serial killer for quite some time.” The information he had gathered had been annoying to sift through, mostly due to the lack of any real evidence.  He never guessed—never liked to resort to such drastic measures at any rate—but of this he was quite certain and all he had to do to make it concrete was to say it as though it were absolute.
David waited, he knew it was best to let Lestat ramble. David would have to deal with his distaste over the mortals death another time, there were more important matters and the woman really did not matter to him in the big picture.
They didn’t exchange words. The woman closed her eyes and fell right back to sleep, believing the beautiful man with the gracious offering was nothing more than her own fantastic dreams of a lost angel. There was temptation there for the vampire. To pull her to him and send her off to the summer fields she dreamed of but her heart still wanted too much to live and so she would.
When he had returned to his desk there was a hot mug of coffee waiting for him and a little note that read,
“Fine then.  Yes, I agree.”  John whispered.  He had wanted to bark the comment, to show resistance once more, but that’s not how it had come out.  He really did want to know, he really was curious.  “Show me.  Whatever it is, just do it.”
The detective’s mind was in over drive, spiraling a million miles a minute, as he tried to piece together everything that he was picking up from this strange and precarious introduction.  Normally this would have been a fairly simple task, arranging and coordinating the facts that he could observe from the person’s appearance, mannerisms, and speech, however, like the peculiar new tenant at the Baker Street flat these facts did not seem to align and actually fought order.  78.932% of the facts that he was able to perceive defied reason, as his entire frame fought the very tangible flight response that was electrifying his nervous system.  As their eyes locked, he was suddenly overcome with the understanding that his notion of flight was impossible.  Even though he could not explain how or why, the detective knew without a doubt that could not flee this assailant.
"None of your damned business.” Came the swift retort, “Are you ready? We need to go."
The sound of blood pumping through the circulatory system was something that as a doctor the man had always been familiar with. It was a check mark on a check list to every patient. When he had become what he was now it had become a haunting beat of a drum, always there no matter how he steeled his mind to shut it out. It was the constant temptation, beating at his ear drums until they felt numb, making the back of his throat itch with a thirst that was never fully satisfied.
There were times, Louis would admit, that it felt as though the two of them could not be without the other, as though they were working parts that made a whole, with a function and a purpose.  There were other times, in far greater number, where the gears seemed to grind, whine, and hiss, leading to a breakdown that would put the two of them on hold, sometimes for decades.  The gap between them recently had not been as long, but felt just as painfully raw and unhealed as any of the separations started out like.
Home. Home equalled Sherlock, and Sherlock equalled a confusing mess of emotions and the very reason for his present drunken state. Last night he, John Hamish Watson, had slept with one Sherlock Bloody Holmes. “Emotions do not know gender.’ Those simple words had bounced around his skull all night and it seemed that they wouldn’t be leaving him alone anytime soon.
In a single violent swing he flung the crystal vase of flowers from the table.  It hit the floor with a tinkling crash and a spray of glass and water, skidding out into a blossoming pattern of destruction.  For good measure he kicked the table over before turning to walk away.  His teeth grit and his hands holding his head he made his way to the balcony—every fiber in his body was screaming for air—just breath!
Sherlock requested to watch, was denied, pouted, and then reluctantly went about his call. John disappeared down a dark passage. He was back at the consulting detective’s side less than twenty minutes later and was given Mycroft’s update. There was a rogue group within this Talmasca group that may have been responsible for Mary’s demise. Not much to go on when they couldn’t even find the original group.
“Lestat?” David turned his gaze quickly, taking in the site of his maker who seemed more gaunt than usual. He made no attempt to disguise his concern at what he saw. There was a strange look to the vampire, something unsettling and forced about his body language. “Are you alright?”
Greg turned back to the detective, who rumbled a low groan of displeasure, as his hands held his head.  “You look like shit, Sherlock.” He stated bluntly.
With a gasp that broke the kiss, Sherlock sprawled beneath the vampire. At the sudden shift in positions, Sherlock wrapped his legs around the other man, arching to rub the length of himself against the John.
“Thank you.” John reached out and captured the other vampire strongly again, clapping him on the back, before pulling away.  “And where is it then…that you shall be off to?”
"Now you must wait and I must leave. I will be back early tomorrow evening." Louis had turned towards the door and John’s heart-rate escalated.
Louis had talked about hiding, about long peaceful nights spent in the shadows avoiding prey at any cost, and also about the misery that solitude could bring.  John had decided to take that as a word of caution.  Louis had also advised that he not run into any of his old acquaintances and John had known this meant mainly the detective.  Well, Lestat had ruined that plan royally.
people would go to in order to delve into and understand all the frivolous aspects of another person.  His relationship with John was of no concern to those around him, no one other than John himself—and quite possibly Mary, seeing the two of them meant to be married and John would never engage in that kind of commitment unless he was content with full loyalty, disclosure, and trust from the individual in question.  Yet many of the people he might consider to be more than a casual acquaintance seemed intent on accessing this personal information from the both of them, as though it was there’s for the taking, simply something that should be divulged without forethought.  It was infuriating.
Sherlock watched the body from afar at first, thinking as he did so what John could have been so fearful of.  Had he experienced such a reaction to being disturbed when sleeping, an instinctual need for the body to protect itself that defied all human logic?  He surely seemed helpless, utterly without life, so still in the needless blankets of the large bed.  The man had little way of testing this theory on his person, he had come into the basement without anything, and he trusted John's fearfulness enough to ward off his need and want to rush to the body, to touch with his own hands.
The clock on his wall notified him that it was quarter past midnight. The only piece of evidence he had was the body on the cold slab at St. Bart's, he had a pulling need to return to the drop-site and scale the rooftop of the two buildings nearby, hoping to find them less ransacked then the ally had been. That was, if Scotland Yard had even bothered to check the roof-tops. Didn't seem likely without any obvious signs of the body having been dropped.
"Then both of you will be free to do as you please." the answer was simple enough and delivered in such a fashion that clearly sounded, as if it was a guarantee to the finality of their interactions.
He kissed and he swallowed and he drank. With each swallow a hot pleasurable warmth filled him, consumed him, until suddenly and violently he was thrust away, reaching and grasping like a child for a mother.
So, it was that when night had come again, John went out to Baker Street to investigate what had become of the man—so as to better avoid him.
Sherlock could tell by the tune of the song being sung that it was new and popular, something he recognized from the local radio stations, playing in shops, but had deleted.  There was no room for such trivial nonsense within his mind palace.  His guest was surely not leaving, his intention was clearly to engage, so Sherlock took the time to strip his wool jacket, which was damp and heavy from the rain.  He tossed it haphazardly onto the couch by the door and sent his scarf to join it.  Running his hands back through his wet curls to move them back from his face, the detective took a deep preparatory breath.
Her lips pressed into a thin line, were rolled by her teeth, before she moistened them and spit out her answer. “It has drawn on his energy. All of it.”
Moriarty’s dark eyes gave an exaggerated roll back that ended on his vampire minion standing by his side.  His hand came down and the demon gave his alter boy a sharp smack on the ass, as he commanded, “Take care of that, would you, Angel.” It was by no means a request.
John felt defeated and terribly deflated.  His head was aching, his blood was pumping, and he was beginning to feel exhaustion’s pull once more.  Was it the concussion or was he really just giving up?  He couldn’t think, couldn’t make any more words come out.
She did not say anything.  Was she upset?  Was she jealous?  Mad at John and obviously frustrated with him, yet this she did not voice.  He respected her restraint and thanked her for her help, making sure to make direct eye contact with the young woman as he did so.  She gave him that pretty pinched smile of hers, as her attraction battled her anger and irritation.
playing through the surround sound of his borrowed home.  It was ever convenient that Armand had left him the access code.
That newly exposed leg had its desired effect, momentarily distracting John from the potential argument. The remembered feel of the appendage wrapped around his hips, as he thrust into the owner of the limb, was so vivid that he began to harden from that memory alone. Quickly he looked away, catching the knowing look the other man had on his face. John scowled at the wall while he convinced his libido that he was not going to jump the man in bed with him.
“John…” Sherlock cried once more.  The wounded sound of his voice was just as excruciating as the grip still held on his arm and the ragged hole in his neck.  Then it was frantic and pleading and acrimonious, “Don’t do it, John!  Don’t!  Wait for me!  I’m almost there!”
Little pic for you to enjoy of our beloved johnlock!
“No.”  It was loud and it was as final, as anything the detective had ever heard the man utter.  The room felt a degree cooler, as John turned his back on him and walked out of the flat.
They too may become collateral damage in this battle.  Innocence killed because of a senseless war, where no main party was worthy of winning.
“Only slightly.” Came the swift response, softened not entirely by a cheeky smirk, that did make John give a short chuckle.  Sherlock reached toward the interactive console settled between them in the oak interior of the vehicle.  His fingers quickly began to flip through the menus until he pulled up a navigation map.  He pointed out an area off of the main thoroughfare, that was small and slightly isolated.  “We will make a stop over here for the day, I think.  The town should be big enough to sport a reasonable hotel accommodation that will suit both of our needs.  We should make it there before sunrise.”
Lestat leant back, folding his arms defiantly across his chest, before he turned to address the intruder.  In a sarcastic mock, he sneered, “Afraid we are going to break something, David?”
John had thought that the detective was going to say more, but instead, he lowered his head, dark curls brushing along John’s sensitized skin and began dropping nips and kisses along his shoulders. Fingers scraped along his ribs, slowly, seductively coiling around his torso, clutching him to Sherlock’s chest. One hand stayed splayed over his no longer beating heart, the other tracing slow patterns along his stomach.
The consulting detective steeled himself against the ardent temptation of doing any such thing.  John had yet to contact him since the incident and, being his own efforts to resurrect their former lifestyle and relationship had thus far only proven ill-fated and destructive, sound logic would suggest that it would be best if he left the next attempt up to the doctor—even if the wait was killing him.  John did have a lot to sort out.
Two more days passed like this and they never spoke to one another.  Not really.  There was the odd nonverbal nod or wave.  Nothing else was needed.  She did her duty.  Fed him, cleaned up after him, and the like, and spent the rest of her time away.  The detective slept more than was his habit, finding himself winded and exhausted with little exertion, but each day he grew stronger and slowly his energy reserves were returning to a moderately tolerable level.  Before they both knew it, a week had past, and still the vampire did not return.
