“He started it!” Elliot contested, like a child, and Sherlock almost stuck his tongue out at him before he recognized the irony and restrained himself. “I just wanted the biology homework, and his faggot ass wouldn’t give it to me!”
“John!” Mary beamed, throwing her arms around him, and John, in what was clearly a moment of senility, threw a frantic glance back to the entrance, a swooping feeling in his chest positive that Sherlock would be standing there and see.
“Er, thank you…sir,” Dimmock replied, adding the honorific with a climbing eyebrow. “I’m sorry, but…who are you, exactly?”
,” Sherlock continued pointedly, “I thought- I thought I might try and do something like that.”
”—he gestured widely around the kitchen—“is kind of new to me. Exciting,” he added hurriedly, “but new. Ya know?”
“Why did you egg Taylor on?” John’s arms crossed over his chest, triumphant and stubborn, and Sherlock’s throat made a shameful, choking sound as he faltered.
case, the reason Sherlock had shut him out, the thing that kept Sherlock from remembering to sleep or eat. He kept hoping it would be the next one, his heart beating a little faster with every folder Sherlock handed him, but it was always something small, too simple to be causing so much anxiety.
“Erickson was going up to investigate when-when Moran shot him on the stairs,” John said, his voice dropping quiet as he avoided Mycroft’s eyes, and the taller man sighed, bowing his head as he shook it at the floor. John swallowed, the click of it audible to Sherlock’s disbelieving ears. “I waited around the corner,” he continued stiffly, looking at nothing in particular. “I thought he’d come down to see if there was anyone else, but-but then I heard the gunshot.”
Did he really die instantly? Was he close enough for that?
The taller boy gripped his arm suddenly, displaying a shocking amount of strength in those thin limbs, and spun him around, pushing the stool beside him out with a foot before pulling John down onto it.
“No, Sherlock,” John said flatly, clearly determined beyond the point of dissuasion. “We have to talk about this.”
As John was chewing on a particularly stubborn piece of toast, he heard a faint rumbling of the low voice across the table, and quickly finished his crunching to look up.
John laughed, a faint hiss of amusement, and then his mouth twisted back to solemn. “You do when
The night disappeared around them, a text from Lestrade at around 8pm suggesting it would be a later night than anticipated, and Sherlock had grown progressively antsier at the lack of news. He was sitting on the top of one of Mrs. Hudson’s chairs, his feet on the seat, after ignoring her repeated warnings that he could fall.
The fire was nothing but embers when next he returned to the world, and he moved for the first time in hours, head turning toward a silhouette lingering in the doorway.
“Let go, Taylor,” John said, dangerously quiet, and Sherlock thought it may remain the only smart thing Taylor ever did as he immediately released his grip.
“Because I- I can’t.” He hissed a frustrated sigh over the lid of his coffee, drawing in a mouthful, the bitter warmth steadying him. “It’s too- And, anyway, he wanted to take it slow.”
“Homeless network,” Sherlock replied with a dismissive wave of his hand, his fingers steepling beneath his chin as he stared down at the open file. “Much more reliable than the police. More knowledgeable, too. At least about things like this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine,” he chuckled, the blond lowering his hand with a triumphant grin, “but, if you laugh-”
“I’ve only read the one,” John said, smile in full bloom now. “Doesn’t seem like that’d be enough
“Don’t push it,” John chided, twisting back to flap a rag at her, and Molly laughed, John smiling at her as he crossed back to the sink. “I dunno,” he sighed, draping the cloth over the faucet to dry, “I guess I’ll just try to bring it up, get him to mention it somehow. Then, I can go to the show
“Excellent,” she trilled, tipping her glass at Greg as the fish course was presented in front of her, something small with the head still attached.
“All the same,” the man replied, tone dripping with disdain, “Sherlock is perfectly capable of walking.”
offside, you just can’t obtain any
“Lestrade? … Yes, I know it’s early. … Well, I figured you wouldn’t care what hour I solved your case at. … No, I can’t more conveniently time my revelations to accommodate your hangovers. … Mhmm, sure you’re not. Now, do you want to know how Michael Parker killed Claire Jones, or not? … No, not Langley, I’m in Sheffield. … For a rugby game. … Does it
A small group of jabbering women were leaving the foyer when he stepped into the corridor, the man carrying their various outerwear to the coat room giving him in a perfunctory nod as he passed, and Sherlock followed after them, hoping their boisterous entrance would allow him to slip back along the walls unseen. People had started to drift toward the dining room doors, the room abuzz with anticipation, blocking his path with more tipsy aristocrats than he felt like dealing with at the moment, so he improvised, ducking his head behind his half-full glass and swinging around the outskirts of the gathered group, dodging stragglers in a zigzag pattern toward his parents’ position beside the door. He was nearly there when he saw Emily turn her head from near the front of the crowd, forcing him to stop and hide behind a tall portly man with an ill-conceived mustache, a second’s delay that would cost him dearly.
Sherlock could see John watching him out of the corner of his eye, but he couldn’t turn to him, couldn’t do anything but wish John could read his mind, and then perhaps explain to him what the hell was going on in it.
Sherlock snorted, eyes automatically drawn back to his parents, but found a different set looking back at him, Emily’s starched ringlets bouncing as she waved. His mouth curled in a grimace he hoped looked like a smile from a distance, hand flicking side-to-side in one sharp gesture.
“To her bust?”
Sherlock dropped his mouth open in shock, more flabbergasted by the implication that Mycroft loved him than anything, John having made that clear long ago.
John chuckled under the chorus of cheers and slaps to his shoulders. “I’m pretty sure it’s a ship.”
“I don’t think so; there was no yelling. No
people, let alone dead ones.”
Molly laughed, throwing her head back as she turned toward the box of coffee beans. “Don’t worry, he’s all yours,” she assured, removing several bags of light roast and dropping them onto the counter. “Just keep the rugby team jogging past the library on Sunday mornings, and we’ll call it even.”
“But-” Sherlock started, but the woman shook her head, cutting him off.
!? Is that-Is that a lift?” He twisted back to Sherlock, pointing at a double door with small glass panels along the wall.
“I may have,” Sherlock muttered, still staring at the plaster overhead as he listened to John rip off his jacket and toss it onto his bed.
“Clearly,” Sherlock muttered, not looking up from where he lay on his stomach as he jutted an arm out, waggling his phone toward John, his recent message displayed on the screen.
Nodding to himself in decision, he lifted his chin, smiling at the door as the bell sounded the couple’s arrival. “Good morning,” he greeted, wondering if he could actually hear the second hand clicking on the clock behind him, or if he truly had lost his mind over Sherlock Holmes. “What can I get you?”
“What!?” John spluttered, somewhere between offended and flabbergasted. “Are you mad!?”
“27,” Sherlock, helpful for the first time all rehearsal, piped up, eyes never leaving his phone-in-book ruse.
“You used it to slice those carrots for your salad.”
“I’ll leave you be,” Sherlock said, rising to his feet and moving toward the door. “Shouldn’t leave my mold cultures too long.”
“Once,” Sherlock replied, a soft scraping sound surrounding his voice, like a dresser drawer being pulled out and closed. “Last year. We’d put a tarp over the projector just in case, but the screen was
Sherlock nodded, apparently satisfied with that explanation of why John knew something he hadn’t been told. The irony was bone-crushingly immense. “Yes, she has suggested it,” he said, shrugging as well.
“Have you not been paying attention?” Sherlock replied, his voice drifting away as he moved further into the building, the beam of his light reflecting off the cinderblock walls of a narrow corridor. “We’re solving a murder.”
Sherlock stood upright, pushing Victor down to the ground away from him.
Sherlock grumbled, bobbing his head side-to-side in begrudging agreement as John chuckled over the rim of his cup.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, you did,” Sherlock replied, because what else was there to say.
“Don’t have to cut it off, then?” Sherlock quipped, temporarily forgetting this was supposed to be awkward, and John laughed, shaking his head.
“Hmm?”
“Sherlock’s not here,” he supplied hurriedly, feeling very exposed under the intense look Donovan was giving him without Sherlock’s tall, black-cloaked figure beside him. She seemed so much more intimidating without him here to sneer at her.
“I would have convinced you.”
“Perhaps you should make a list in order of importance,” Sherlock replied, and John laughed.
had.”
“It’s a game,” John interrupted before Sherlock got too belligerent. “One person looks around and picks something, and then they say to the other person—or people, I suppose—‘I spy with my little eye-”
“I never did understand that,” John mused, shaking his head as he rattled his arms down the sleeves of his jacket, his shoulder pain nearly negligible now. “How those people get all that way and no one ever told them they weren’t any good.”
Irene simply stood there in his peripheral vision, folding her arms, and, eventually, he was forced to look at her.
Mrs. Watson whimpered, lifting the backs of her fingers to her lips as she shook, eyes pressed tightly shut.
“I’m not squeamish,” John chuckled, eyes glinting perceptively as Sherlock gave him a wary look. “I’m a med student. I could tell you stories that would make your hair…straighten,” he muttered, brows furrowing at Sherlock’s curls, and then rattled his head as Sherlock laughed.
!? You honestly think I- Christ, Sherlock, you-you- You’re
Sherlock snapped his head up in alarm, frowning between the blond boy and the old family friend, his confusion growing as Mrs. Hudson’s face lit up with a bright smile.
Pulling his phone out of the pocket of his trench coat, he checked the previous messages for the eighth time, his ears acutely tuned to any approaching sounds.
She shrugged. “I figured this would be a good show. Never dreamed it would be
“Well,” John muttered, stepping closer in the crowd jostling for the bar, “that was…”
Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes as he flounced back into the chair, and John spared a moment to glare at him.
There was no one in the corridors as he sprinted into Kingsley, and he ignored the few startled sputters from the common room as he barreled past. He fumbled with the door handle of his laboratory for a moment, his hands shaking in rebellion against his commands. After an endless second, the door opened, and he stumbled inside, collapsing back against it to close it with a bang. His legs were failing as he crossed to the bathroom, hanging off the doorknob to swing inward with it, falling to his knees with a stab of dull pain against the hard, tile floor. There was barely time to get the lid up on the toilet before the vomit he had been suppressing for dignity’s sake rose in his throat, wracking his body with a choking shudder.
“The window,” Sherlock murmured, his eyes scanning back and forth across the photo. “The window is open.”
“Requests?” Sherlock questioned, and Molly nodded.
“It’s a basic test! I could run it in my sleep!”
“What, why not?” John turned to face him, leaning closer to more clearly see the pale face in the dim light provided by the edge of a streetlamp’s sphere.
The first day back at school was, as it turned out, much easier than John had thought. Well, easier may not have been quite the right word, but at least he wasn’t worrying about how to handle his relationship with Sherlock.
“She was there when I dropped off those case files on Saturday. You know, when you wouldn’t come downstairs?” he added, lifting his brows, and Sherlock huffed, glowering away to the floor. Lestrade sighed, unfolding his arms as he rolled his hands imploringly in the air. “She’s just worried about you, is all,” he urged, and Sherlock’s jaw shifted, a swallow moving down his throat. “We all are. You’re not eating; you’re sleeping even less than normal. Frankly, kid, you look like hell.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” a familiar, drawling voice said, and his blood ran cold. “I started to wonder if I’d ever see you again.”
John disentangled himself from Sherlock’s grip on his arms, lifting his hands to push gently into Sherlock’s curls, prompting him to bow his head.
“All sorted?” Aunt Claire asked, and he jumped slightly, hardly realizing his feet had taken him back to her while his brain was occupied.
A little less than a week later had been the first Christmas, which they’d texted through, and they’d been together for every one since, Sherlock’s relatives more excited to see John at the annual Christmas party than they were him, but Sherlock never minded. It was nice, having someone there, someone who the whole world knew
Sherlock was mostly just a blurry silhouette through his lashes, but he could still make out the sharp tilt of the dancer’s head as he drew closer to the counter’s edge. “What are you talking about?” he asked, drawing even nearer when John did not reply. “What do you mean?”
“Wait, what?” John sputtered, stopping dead, grabbing at Sherlock’s elbow and spinning him around so he did the same. “You’ve been here before?”
, John!? You almost-”
“Why?” Sherlock muttered, stopping in the nervous pacing he’d started to narrow his eyes down at John. “Why later?”
It wasn’t what he had wanted to happen, what he had intended. John was his roommate, a roommate he was supposed to drive away in a matter of a week or two like all the others. John wasn’t supposed to stay, wasn’t supposed to be important, but now Sherlock couldn’t do a damn thing without thinking about him, and it was that thinking of him that had to come first now.
“Well,” John muttered, tongue flicking nervously over his lips as he began shifting back toward the steps, “I’ll, er- I’ll see ya tomorrow.”
“I- Are you sure?” Lestrade asked, brow furrowing. “I mean- You can’t know that for sure. This could- It could all be a coincidence.”
John followed after him, waving his hand apologetically at the cars he cut in front of, and searched for the black coat amongst the people walking along the main street. He spotted the sleeve of it, jutting up in the air to wave at a cab. John pounded down the pavement, pushing through irritated pedestrians as he raced the black car approaching from the opposite direction.
“I… Boyfriend?”
Sherlock watched him a moment, eyes narrowing as they scanned John’s face, but they quickly relaxed, and a small smile hooked weakly at the corner of his lips.
The man was quiet a long time, Sherlock almost considering asking again until, very softly, he posed a question of his own. “Sherlock,” he began cautiously, Sherlock’s stomach instantly tightening in response, “why are you asking me this?”
John restrained his grin to a small twitch. “I may have implied that advanced pyrotechnics were beyond him,” he answered loftily.
Lestrade chuckled lightly at the exchange. “Down that corridor, just before ya hit the lifts,” he said, pointing through the glass walls of his office.
“Alright,” he answered with an obliging sigh, his mother beaming as she stretched up to give him a peck on the temple.
“Significant?” he mocked, laughing as Sherlock scowled, dropping his eyes to fiddle nervously with the latch on his food. “It doesn’t have to be,” he said after a moment, tone notably softer now, and Sherlock looked up through his lashes to find a shy smile twitching at the man’s lips. “I mean, if you don’t- We don’t have to-”
“Yes, please!”
“And don’t you believe a word of them, dear,” Mrs. Hudson teased, flapping a finger at her with a wink, and Irene’s smile cracked to reveal a strip of teeth.
me! Five people are
Sherlock stared at him, half-convinced he was in a dream, but the thundering of his heart was real enough, and, very slowly, afraid any sudden movements might scare the moment away, he smiled faintly back.
liked his cologne—dammit, he’d have to get Harry something nice for her birthday now. Really, he should call it a first date just so it could take over as best-by-a-mile, hopefully yanking all the other humiliating memories straight out of his limbic system.
John wasn’t in yet, the blond girl who worked before him on Mondays still sitting at the desk picking at her nails, and, with a quick check of his watch, Sherlock decided he had enough time to grab a cup of coffee from the café downstairs before he arrived.
“Doesn’t matter now; we sorted it,” she said, stretching up in her chair to scan across the counter. “So, do you have Tetley, or…?” She lifted her chin with a blithe smile, and Sherlock shook his head, walking toward the cupboard in something of a daze, but, in its own way, he supposed it made sense.
John glared over his shoulder, creeping toward the door. “It’s not safe! Whoever it is, they’re probably after you.”
Something arched toward him, and he stepped back as he reached instinctively to catch it.
“It does seem highly improbable that my people didn’t-”
“Coming to this one’s rescue,” Lestrade broke in, waving a hand at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes, a gesture of annoyance somewhat tempered by the restraints still tethering his wrists. “John just bailed him out.”
John swallowed a gulp of tea before resettling his own cup. “Not much, really. Just going home.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He may have even told John the truth, but he wasn’t certain what that was himself. It hadn’t made any sense, getting involved like that, shifting Taylor’s attention away from John, but he hadn’t exactly been thinking sensibly. All he had known was that Taylor was going to hit someone, and he could not have borne standing there and watching that be John, but he couldn’t say
“I just-just sprung it on you, and-”
Sherlock drew in a stilted breath, lungs twitching beneath their clasped hands as his grip tightened. He said nothing, dipping his head in a somber nod, and then slipped his fingers free, lingering at John’s fingertips a moment to soften the withdrawal. “We should go,” he said, stepping away and turning to face him, though he still seemed more comfortable meeting John’s neck than his eyes. “Mrs. Hudson will summon us any minute.”
“I feel safer already,” he sighed, turning back to Sherlock as the man laughed, shaking his head down at the remnants of lasagna he seemed to have dissected to get all the pasta out.
“I brought my box sets.”
“Are there vending machines here somewhere?” he asked Lestrade, Sherlock groaning in exasperation in the doorway. John shot him a silencing glare, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“It’s always better to do it at home,” John continued, somehow under the impression that Sherlock needed to be convinced, “and I think I’ll miss this one a little bit.” His eyes dropped to where Bonny had moved on to a stick, an absentminded smile softening his features, and Sherlock found himself standing in a puddle of his own melted heart.
“I- I don’t know,” John muttered, frustrated. “The curtains probably cost more than a semester’s tuition,” he said, turning one of the photographs out to Sherlock to illustrate his point. “God-awful light fixture,” he murmured, wrinkling his nose down at a picture that included the garish piece covered in golden cherubs. “Can’t imagine what it’d look like lit,” he chuckled, looking up to commiserate with Sherlock, but the boy’s expression made his own plummet. “What?” he asked, urgent with concern at Sherlock’s wide eyes and slack jaw.
“Well, I think it’ll be fine,” John said, unreasonably cheered by Sherlock’s response. “Molly can handle herself. And we know Dimmock; he’s a good guy.”
“Here,” the woman replied, smiling politely at him as she shifted her fork slightly to the side, giving him an additional centimeter of space in which to place her meal.
John tilted his head, smiling with a soft, fond sigh. “It
“Nothing I haven’t seen before,” she muttered, Sherlock’s glare hopefully going unobserved as he stepped out of his pants and trousers.
Sherlock blinked, seeming to come back to himself, and a shiver ran down John’s spine at the banked fury in his eyes as they flashed like sparring steel. “You’ve been at that law firm
“Are you reading that?” Sherlock murmured through the saliva building at an increased rate in his mouth, growing more acidic with every swallow.
Mycroft Holmes smiled back at him, that strange, impressed look he had seen Sherlock wear gracing his face for a moment. “Very good, John,” he said with a nod. “And, now that introductions are out of the way,” he continued, and John frowned, not sure guessing his kidnapper’s identity counted as an introduction, “I’d like to ask you a few questions.”
“The anatomy ones?” Mrs. Watson bellowed back, Sherlock’s hands lifting to his ears as he ducked out of the way of the screaming match.
John shook his head, sighing with soft exasperation as he turned back to the front. “I’m not sure they’ll work as well, though. I’ve never tried the homeopathic ones.”
They frowned at one another, piecing together the separate sentences, and then laughed, Sherlock shaking his head while John blew out a breath at the floor.
“Here,” he said, trying to guide the pillow under John’s head one-handed, but the man sat up to take the water from him instead, and he temporarily abandoned the endeavor, sitting at John’s feet on the opposite end of the sofa.
“Well, alright then. See ya!”
“I don’t know,” Lestrade said evenly, looking between them, “but, whatever it is, we won’t figure it out by ripping one another’s throats out. Okay?”
any, but-but I thought…maybe…”
“Knee socks?”
Sherlock listened to his retreating footsteps until the blood pounding in his ears overtook the sound. He blinked, and then had to do so several more times, eyes nearly weeping from how long he had stared at the closed door. He went over the conversation again and again, trying to force it to make sense.
“I don’t know where the receipt is,” Sherlock lied, not wanting to admit to having been confident enough to throw it away immediately upon exiting the store, “and you need a new watch anyway.”
John exploded into laughter, knees curling up as he rolled back in the chair, clutching at his sides.
he wouldn’t do—no risk too great or price too steep—to keep John as safe as he was right now, and he wrapped his other hand around John’s fingers, curling his knees up as a shuddering breath vibrated over his teeth. “I love you,” he echoed, this time a hope against all hope that it would be enough.
“Mary?”
He stretched out a foot, spreading it across the gap between the two beds in the room and pushing at the mattress of the other. “We should mess this one up,” he said, pinching at the duvet with his toes. “Make it look like somebody slept there.”
“Well, I-” The brunette shrugged, lifting a hand to scratch at his neck. “I wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable.”
“I wasn’t going to threaten you,” she said, and Sherlock quirked a brow. “Okay, fine, maybe I was,” she muttered bitterly, and Sherlock chuckled, quickly stifling it as the girl glared, “but that’s not what I’m going to say
Sherlock blinked, looking between Molly’s face and the stiff set of John’s shoulders where he was still trapped in conversation. “Why?” he questioned, dumbfounded at the need for such an absurd procedure, but Molly only laughed, shaking her head as she moved away to place his cup beneath the espresso machine.
Still internally congratulating himself on landing a date with Mr. Ballet—dammit, now he was doing it!—he toed off his trainers, heading into his bedroom intending to sleep like a rock, but paused just inside the doorway, eyes fixing on the mobile in his hand.
“Don’t tell me you’re offended,” he whined, and Molly pursed her lips, leaning back in her chair as her arms crossed over her chest.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, and Sherlock frowned, affecting puzzlement as his stomach twisted.
Sherlock looked down from where he was leaning over the table, hovering above John. His forehead furrowed for a moment as he tilted his head, and then he blinked, a faint quirk of a warm smile lifting up his ridiculously shaped lips. What
Sherlock dropped his face, sucking his lips in over his teeth as he shook his head down at the granite, and John flicked a superior nod before going back to the menu drawer.
“You’ll figure it out,” she reassured, lifting her other hand to the opposite shoulder. “You always do.”
Sherlock’s grin was blinding.
It was impossible to say how long he laid there, curled up and staring without seeing as the late afternoon light was swallowed by darkness. He came to at odd points, a glass of water and a sandwich sitting on the table in front of him the first time, the fire lit sometime later, and there was a distant awareness of constant muffled voices and opening and closing doors, but no one talked to him, he didn’t think, and that was probably just as well.
John moved quickly through the door, getting out of his way and bending down over a suitcase lying open in front of the dresser, the sight striking hard against Sherlock’s already battered heart.
“You’re upset,” Sherlock said, and John had to chuckle at that, but it was a shrill and strangled sound. “You’re angry and confused, and perhaps a bit disgusted.”
Sherlock swallowed, a weight pressing in on him from every angle, a feeling he was growing more and more accustomed to the more time he spent around John, a feeling he was starting to suspect was what ordinary people called
Sherlock stayed put, blinking between him and the metal container. “Don’t you have to-”
Sherlock stopped breathing as John froze, head slowly straightening up, his back growing rigid.
“How’s your hand?” he asked, relieved to have something to say, though he wished it didn’t have to involve Sherlock slicing himself open.
John snapped the headgear on just as Lestrade leveled his pistol, firing a couple shots into the target ahead.
“Sherlock?” John asked, his voice far away, and Sherlock swallowed, striding back the way he’d come. “Sherlock, where are you going?”
? The whole end of the interview, what happened?”
A minute or so later, he moved to sit on the edge of his bed, hanging his arms limply off his knees as he stared at the floor. Another couple minutes of deep breathing and, counterintuitively, growing nausea, and he was up, crossing the corridor to hover uncertainly outside the laboratory door. He raised and dropped his hand a few times before making contact, a tentative knock on the wood.
“Yes and no,” John said, bobbing his head side-to-side. “I guess he had a dog when he was younger, and he named it after the pirate. I asked his brother about it after I figured out what he was saying.”
Violently, a wave of bile rushed up his throat, but he pushed it down, shaking his head against the damp jacket, his cheeks catching on the edges of the patches.
No one spoke until Peters’ footsteps had disappeared, and, though Sherlock couldn’t be certain, unable to look at anyone to ascertain their emotional state, he thought he felt the air thicken with their combined discomfort.
! People will
He tugged on the shirt to indicate as much, and John’s lips slowed against his, that particular request apparently still a step too far, and Sherlock would’ve rolled his eyes if they weren’t closed, gathering a fistful of the fabric and giving it a pointed yank.
“So now he has to prove you wrong?” Mike asked, grinning, but it quickly turned into roaring laughter when John shrugged. “Oh my god, you’re
John’s face hardened, eyes shadowing with slate, but it was not directed at him. It was anger—fury, even—but protective, not accusatory, and Sherlock slowly continued, filling in the answers to questions he didn’t want to make John ask.
Sherlock’s suspicious glare roved over the group, landing on Clara, who had the weakest pokerface of the bunch, her eyes carefully averted and a corner of her lip pinched between her teeth. “What’s going on?” he asked, only Greg seeming just as oblivious as he was, even Molly suddenly getting very interested in the alignment of her bracelet.
“Here,” John said, offering the plate. “It’s just toast. And I have some tea you should try to get down after.”
“Remind me never to get on your bad side,” he remarked, smirking when Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Although, I wouldn’t exactly be shocked to find out you were a vampire,” he added with a shrug. “You’re certainly pale enough.”
“Sherlock-” Victor sighed, but Sherlock turned away, attempting take two of his storm-out.
was when you literally ran into me in the corridor last February.”
“Ya know what, next time you get cold waffles, how’s that? Cold, soggy, useless waffles. Happy?”
He pressed the button, sounding the chime inside, and then waited, trying to look as dignified as possible for the security camera while the sleeves of John’s jacket rode up his wrists. He could feel John shifting beside him defensively, the atmosphere growing tense, and the seconds seemed to stretch as muffled heels clicked toward them.
“You always know just what to say,” John crooned up at him, and Sherlock sneered.
“It wasn’t bad at all,” John blustered, sighing exasperatedly when Molly only smiled. “And it’s not a date,” he grumbled, tapping his fingers into the stream of water to test if it was hot enough. “I’m just…helping out.”
,” he urged, holding John’s gaze as John skeptically searched his eyes.
“Thanks, Graham Stanier,” he muttered, and Molly chuckled softly.
Victor was still talking, Sherlock still shaking his head, and John felt a flicker of hope spark across his chest, a sensation quickly followed by buckets of shame.
Sherlock smiled tentatively at him, perplexed, his cheeks and nose reddened from the cold, and John wanted nothing more than to tug him into the chair beside him, shoving him down by the fire until he faded back to pale.
accommodating about the whole thing—what with John looking like a
He padded into the living room, Irene already on the sofa, legs crossed in front of her, a steaming cup cradled in her lap. “Still hot?” he grumbled, and she smiled, lifting the drink to her lips.
Sherlock blinked, rattling his head as he plucked a pair of socks from his index, drawing from the darker end of the navy spectrum.
“Oh, nothing much,” Mrs. Hudson said, shrugging. “Just a few last minute groceries. Maybe a present or two. Nothing too strenuous.”
“Well, tis the season,” the customer quipped back, and John laughed, nodding as he lifted his brows. “Although, why someone would want to share their engagement date with half of Britain has always been beyond me.”
Snarling at his own ineptitude, he rolled back to the ceiling, tapping the hand against his forearm as he considered how long he had until Mrs. Hudson returned from Mrs. Turner’s and made him eat. At least another half hour, he wagered, and, by then, Lyle would be back with the food he’d have picked up for him anyway, enabling him to make a show of picking at that and temporarily stave off her mothering. His eyes made to turn once again to the armchair, but he pulled the impulse back, dropping his gaze instead to his fingers tapping nonsensical rhythms against his green-cloaked arm, and then froze, hands stalling as his brain pieced it together so cleanly, he would swear he heard a
John shrugged. “Sure, why not? I might even get superpowers from a bad reaction or something,” he said with a smirk.
John leaned his head out the window of his car, beaming smugly at Sherlock’s flummoxed expression. “Need a ride?”
“Er-” Something heavy pressed against the back of his calves, knocking out his knees and toppling him forward, his arms instinctively lunging out to break his fall against the ground, but landed instead on John’s chest, clipboard tumbling to the ground as the man lurched forward to steady him.
“Yeah, why is that?” John asked, and Sherlock laughed, shaking his head as he shrugged down at the ground.
“You might as well say it,” Sherlock muttered, John’s anxiety starting to tug at his own nerves. “I can’t exactly escape at the moment.”
“I want you all to be good sports out there. Sheffield doesn’t have the best reputation when it comes to clean games, but I don’t want to see any of that from you lot, understood?”
It took the better part of the next hour to set up the fireworks, stringing the wires and timing devices Sherlock had whipped up at some point he probably should’ve been sleeping, and, by the time they were done, the viewing party had started to trickle in.
“Got out of it, thank god,” he replied, adjusting his tie as he huffed in relief. “Apparently there’s loo roll all over Camden.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock spat, eyes narrowing, but Lestrade only stepped forward, never one to be cowed.
“Your Christmas present,” he said, and Sherlock blinked, head recoiling back in surprise.
“I’ll be back in time for practice.”
John leaned forward, and Sherlock forced himself to maintain eye contact as he was scanned. John was cataloging everything, the mental checklist of symptoms of drug use practically visible in his eyes as he went through it.
When he came in on Wednesday, the café was packed, Sherlock almost convincing himself that vending machine coffee wasn’t that bad until John spotted him, flashing a bright grin before returning to shaking some sort of blended ice drink into a clear plastic cup. Escape no longer nearly as attractive an option, Sherlock instead joined the line, Molly buzzing through orders so quickly, he was giving his within only a matter of minutes.
Molly opened her mouth with a small click, clearly intending to argue the point. She seemed to think better of it, however, and just sighed, shaking her head as she leaned back in her chair and grabbed the remaining menu. “Do you want any food?”
HIM!!”
“Completely slipped my mind,” Sherlock muttered, making a grab for the door handle, but the few inches he managed to pull it open were quickly closed again by a thrust of John’s arm.
“Sergeant, what are you asking me, exactly?” John said, his voice growing firmer as his frustration with all this cryptic nonsense grew.
“I have a drink.”
“So I can put the colony in an ideal location,” Sherlock mumbled in answer. “Have you not been paying attention?”
,” he said slowly, plucking at the blue knit over his chest as if they would not know what he meant otherwise. “I look the same as always.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “You’re drunk.”
He staggered, supporting himself on the edge of his dresser for a moment, and then stumbled forward in two heavy strides before toppling onto Sherlock’s bed with a rattling thump, the springs squeaking as his body rode out the waves.
Sherlock’s eyes were comically wide, flipping between the turned-down sheets and John’s face. “I-” He stopped, swallowing audibly. “I’m still in my clothes.”
“Having assisted in the drafting of many of the recent amendments to our cyber security laws, I am perfectly aware,” Mycroft replied, twirling his umbrella in the limited space provided on the landing.
“Oh, hush, you!” Mrs. Watson snapped, swatting a hand back at him, and Sherlock chuckled, smiling down at the woman as she pulled away.
“If I may, Your Highness, Mr. Holmes-”
“The seats,” Sherlock interjected.
Snapping his hand behind him, he plucked a book from the table beside the armchair, flinging it out in distraction as he bolted toward the door, stumbling as the gun went off—though only from the disorienting shock of the sound, no pain accompanying it. Of course, he didn’t get past Moran, the mercenary grabbing him by the arm and flinging him backward so hard, he was flying a moment. He hit his chair with a force that knocked the wind out of him, toppling over it to fall in a heap at the base of the bookshelf, his skull colliding heavily with the wood, and he blinked furiously, trying to clear his head.
A moment later, however, he let out a frustrated growl of a sigh, hoisting his bag higher onto his shoulder. “Fine,” he muttered, and Sherlock beamed, “fine. But you
Molly followed her message with a thumbs-up emoji, Harry dropping an eye-roll emoji into the group chat a moment later.
ridiculous,” he urged, nodding virulently.
“You already met Irene,” Mary continued, the women exchanging nods, “and this is Molly and Greg”—the couple lifted the hands that weren’t looped around one another in an eerily synchronized wave—“and
“Yes, he fell,” Sherlock said with icy serenity. “Diving out of the way of a bullet.”
“I think I read most of
presentable.” He waggled his brows, the offense only in jest, but Sherlock slipped a bookmark in his mind to ask Mycroft for specifics later, knowing it would needle John more than he’d let on.
“There’s a
“You don’t have to,” he shrugged, and Sherlock huffed again, a rustle of clothing reaching John’s ears before the soft beeps of the keypad.
John frowned for only a moment, his mind getting better at catching up to Sherlock’s. “Why would they do that, though? If someone killed her, wouldn’t they want time to get away?”
Sherlock reached into the pocket of his coat, retrieving a flash drive. “I’m still not sure why I couldn’t just email it,” he said as he thrust the drive toward Greg, who took it from his fingers as if it were a vial of nitroglycerin.
John’s lips pressed closed, a swallow moving down his throat as he flicked a tentative glance to Sherlock.
“Well, I don’t believe
Ten minutes and a brief pillow fight later, they emerged, John voicing suggestions from the TV guide while Sherlock made sounds of disgust or indifference, and then the doorbell rang, John leaping up and stepping through Sherlock’s legs when he refused to move them, grinning over his shoulder as he watched Sherlock barely manage to stop himself from falling.
The man gave him a quick glance before turning back to the table behind him, plucking a small, white envelope off the blue tablecloth. “Room…117,” he said, his eyes widening slightly as he looked down at his clipboard. He looked back up at John, shock written all over his face for a moment before he collected himself, clearing his throat loudly. “Right. Here’s your key and your orientation forms,” he continued, handing John the folder hesitantly, his eyes flicking between the paper and John with trepidation.
“Great,” Sherlock replied, and Mrs. Hudson smiled, patting his arm as she passed.
“Actually, Sergeant Donovan, if the defendant enters the building with the purpose of regaining property they believe they have a legal right to, there is no intent to commit theft, therefore nullifying-”
“Oh, that’s his name?” Sherlock said, tilting his head as he popped a breaded hunk of chicken into his mouth.
“John-” he began, but the man was on a roll, zipping his coat with a single furious tug as his ranting resumed.
John snorted, twinkling eyes peering up through his lashes. “Wilting flower?” he echoed, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“What happened?” Sherlock snapped, standing against the wall to Lestrade’s left.
thing I had to give up along the way, and I-” He hissed out a breath, running a hand back through his hair as he closed his eyes again, forehead furrowed in barely restrained emotion, and Sherlock’s eyes caught fire, his throat growing tight.
“Ah!” he hissed, gripping at the pained skin.
John only continued shaking his head. “Scooby,” he murmured. “Unbelievable.”
“You’re a terrible liar,” he said evenly, lowering his hands to his lap as he smiled, “but I suppose it’s rather thoughtful that you tried. Well, considering you used up
“I am aware that you ruin everything, yes,” John said, dipping a nod, smiling cheekily at Sherlock’s narrowed eyes.
Sherlock took it from him, but merely sat it atop his duvet, never removing his eyes from John’s face.
5) Don’t ever meet any member of their family, extended or otherwise.
“Well, I do believe he would…come around,” Greg muttered, wringing his hands together in front of him.
He looked back from where he had turned toward the voices, John’s eyes moving back to his from where they too had shifted. With a twitch of a smile, the boy slid out from under Sherlock’s hands, and Sherlock tried not to look too affected as he rose to his feet, extending a hand to pull John up with him.
“No,” Sherlock said, shaking his head as he stood, kneeling beside the suitcase and unzipping it to scan the contents, “this looks about right. Most of my things are still in storage.”
Luckily, John didn’t seem to require him to do much, simply shuffling in to pin him against the metal beam as he licked into his mouth, his tongue deftly alternating between hard swipes and barely there touches, whispers of words traced along the inside of his lips. Sherlock shivered, half mad with need as everything he’d tried to never think about flashed across his mind’s eye—the kind of video you’d want to have an ambiguous name on your credit card receipt and to arrive in discreet brown packaging—and he moaned, tugging John in as tight as he could as he pushed back into his mouth.
drunk!” he crooned, shaking his head. “Never been this drunk. Never ever
“Exactly!” John urged, forgetting himself completely in his victory as he thrust a hand down at the man. “That’s what I’ve been
? Or watch it, at least?”
“Yeah, I- I’m looking forward to it.” She turned to the ground, slipping her hair behind her ear before looking back up at him through her eyelashes, her hands clutching together around a notebook in front of her.
There was a brief moment of tense silence, Mrs. Hudson smiling in uncomfortable understanding before Sherlock cleared his throat.
“Harry’s staying at Clara’s, who my mother
John chuckled. “Why you think I’m capable of that, I have no idea.”
Sherlock blinked at him. “Was any of that even
“My lipstick,” she said again, but Sherlock remained perplexed, the woman huffing a sigh and grappling at his coat.
“John Watson,” John replied, taking the man’s hand in a firm shake.
“I suppose you’ll have to make something up,” he remarked, and John snorted.
He made his way back to the courtyard, following the patterned, brick footpaths back to Kingsley House. Walking through the corridors toward his room—which he was beginning to suspect was tucked away in a corner for a very specific, curly-haired reason—he noticed several pairs of eyes lingering on him. He was willing to chalk it up to paranoia, until he passed the common room and a few people actually tapped their fellow students on the shoulder and pointed. He was right there; what, they didn’t think he had eyes!? He stared determinedly back, defying them even though he had no idea what the problem was, and their gazes gradually fell back to their games or books. Shaking his head, perplexed, he rounded the corner into what amounted to their own, private corridor. He paused outside the closed door of the room, his hand poised to knock, but a sound from behind him drew his attention. Smiling, he turned, stepping across the hall to knock on the “DANGER” door.
“I-I live there!” the girl bleated, eyes wide and earnest—and innocent, but Sherlock wasn’t done yet. “I- She was my
Sherlock grabbed Molly and Greg’s drinks, passing them across.
“Sherlock?” John called after him, flailing around to his stomach, because being upside-down while arguing over singing Wham! would have been embarrassing. “Sherlock!?”
“If it turns out he does mean it as a date-”
Sebastian Wilkes smiled at him, and John shifted slightly between them, shoulder overlapping Sherlock’s body in the doorway. “Sherlock!” he beamed, arms stretching wide, but he made no move to come forward, and Sherlock made no move to either.
Her sneeze sounded an awful lot like a scoff.
“Fine,” he said, as though agreeing to donate a kidney, but John would swear he saw a glimmer of a smile tug at his lips as he looked back to the window.
John smiled as he watched them, folding his arms and nudging Sherlock’s arm with an elbow as he swayed closer. “It really was amazing, you know.”
“So, er,” he muttered, lifting a hand to rub at the back of his neck, “how do I get to Baker Street from here?”
“To stay away from him,” Sherlock blurted, looking up through his lashes at his father’s reddening face. “But it’s not- He’s my friend!”
“No, I’m not
“What do you know?” he asked stiffly, jaw set as he met her eyes, and she closed her lips, looking at him with silent sadness before dropping her gaze and ambling forward.
He smiled, a little thrilled at being able to be the one to reassure for once. “Neither do I,” he half-chuckled, shrugging against the duvet, and then pushed at John’s neck, stalling the man as he moved to turn away, “but I- Please?”
“Oh no, you’re leaving that on,” John interjected, nodding down at the white logo, his expression slowly curling into a smirk. “I wouldn’t get too attached to anything else, though,” he added, running a scan down Sherlock’s body, and then flicked his brows as his eyes settled back on Sherlock’s, which had gone wide.
“Yes?” he answered, stepping back to the window with a curious quirk of his brow.
movies.”
“I was helping! That pile of laundry was three feet high!”
“I played with Barts,” John said, tapping his sternum with his fingertips, and Greg’s eyes widened in recognition.
enough for psychopaths to wanna do me in?”
“Maybe a class or something?”
at me.”
“That old thing?” Victor scoffed, smiling amusedly down at the pages. “Why are you still wasting your time with that? It’s obvious she’s guilty.”
“I do,” John chuckled, “but”—he smiled into the cage—“it has its moments.”
“What do you think his plan is?” he asked, and Sherlock sniffed, shaking his head with a wry smile.
Sherlock glanced at it out of the corner of his eye and scoffed, and John sighed tiredly, his hand dropping a few inches in the air.
Lestrade blinked in surprise, his mouth parting slightly. It quickly closed into a small smile, and something about his expression reeked of being thoroughly impressed. “Nothing, really,” he muttered. “Just keep an eye out. He gets in these…
Sherlock saw the moment the question occurred to John, and quickened his pace, trying to get that little bit further before he had to answer.
From John, at least, but the way Mycroft was looking at him when he turned his eyes back up told him he hadn’t been quite so lucky there.
He spared him a second of a glance. It wasn’t entirely true, seeing as how John had walked in on the altercation, but Sherlock had expected him to go along with the lie if he said it. Lying all on his own, however, was a bit of a surprise, but there was nothing in John’s eyes that suggested he believed anything suspect had happened before his arrival. He was right, of course, but his confidence in Sherlock was illogical, and Sherlock was torn between being touched and annoyed at the naivety.
Sherlock froze, whipping his head around to stare at the living room doorway with wide eyes. He tried to calm his heart enough to listen, but he hardly needed to bother, there being no doubt in his mind what that sound had been, and, sure enough, he heard the step halfway up creak under stealthy pressure. A brief review of his current position brought up no good news, any reasonable means of escape cut off by the need to pass the stairs, and he didn’t quite fancy taking a swan dive out the living room window, so all he could do was shuffle backward toward his chair, hand stretched out behind him to find it before he tripped.
Incorrigible.
The boy sighed, collapsing his elbows and letting his hands fall to his chest. “Tuesday evening. Possibly a little Wednesday afternoon.”
“Much better!” John sighed happily, swinging open the door, hair still slightly darkened with damp as he tossed the wet clothes into his hamper. He then turned to Sherlock, smiling brightly. “Ready?” he chirped, and then frowned, tilting his head as he looked over Sherlock’s face. “You alright?” he asked, stepping forward, and Sherlock willed himself to appear impassive. “You’re not really coming down with yellow fever, are ya?” John joked, looking between his eyes. “Because I’ll feel pretty shitty if you do.”
“What, watching
“Because I don’t want you to get lung cancer?” John said, slow and questioning, confused by having to explain this, and to Sherlock Holmes of all people.
!?” Harry spluttered, John stepping aside as she pushed past him, smiling with stunned disbelief. “Those Cold War nutters are right; the end really is nigh!”
“Oi!” John yipped, stepping out of range as he brushed droplets from his face. “Watch it, or I’ll throw you back out on the street,” he warned, waggling a finger across the foyer at him, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, a reply on the tip of his tongue when the door behind him opened.
“I did,” she answered, imperious, and the man rolled his eyes.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied offhandedly, snapping the notebook shut and grabbing up a handful of loose paper. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“No, I suppose,
“What?” he muttered, and Molly’s brows twitched, as if considering a frown, but her expression smoothed out with pity a second later, and she swept across the linoleum in a blur, crashing into his chest again as she clenched her arms around him. “Molly, what-”
John’s lips were warm and chapped and tasted like terrible train tea, and it was better than Sherlock had ever imagined, perfection somehow improving when John’s surprise wore off and he moved against him, tipping his head and pulling Sherlock closer with a firm hand around his waist. His other hand cupped Sherlock’s neck, thumb pressing into his jaw, and Sherlock’s fingers dropped to John’s collar, content to let him lead.
“He was at work,” he said, steps slowing as he rummaged through the inside pocket of his coat, “and he can’t fly, but what you’ve deemed an indicator of the impossibility of murder is precisely how it was committed.”
He loosened his hands to let them slide down Sherlock’s arms, tucking the tips of his fingers underneath Sherlock’s, and Sherlock stared down at the contact, confused and awed. “I’m fine, alright? I’m not planning to go out being shot in Scotland Yard.”
“What?” he questioned, but John was already reaching forward, taking him by the wrist and guiding him back behind the counter. “What are you- I can’t go back there!” he argued, tugging his hand away and looking at the line separating the café hardwood from the behind-the-counter tile. “I don’t work here!”
“Knock ‘em dead!” Molly chirped, and then she was gone, the phone beeping her absence as Sherlock locked the screen, sliding it into his pocket.
“I, um- I can’t tomorrow,” he muttered, John’s stomach threatening to roll up his throat before the man hastily explained. “There’s this movie thing the society puts on once a month. Usually we just use one of the auditoriums, but, when the weather’s warm enough, we set up a projector on the roof of the student center. Irene wants me there early tomorrow to help set up. Well, she says ‘help’,” he added irritably. “It’s usually just me doing all the work while she tells me to move things two inches to the left.”
“There ya have it,” John said, nodding toward the woman on his right as he smirked triumphantly at Sherlock, who was trying his best to glare John into submission. “Off you go,” John ordered, lifting his hands and waving Sherlock away with a waggle of his fingers.
“What? No,” Sherlock muttered, shaking his head.
, we got a restraining order, the whole nine. She was allowed to keep us, obviously, my mum. She wasn’t bad back then, only went off the rails after Dad left—and he did leave, just up and disappeared without a word not a week after that.” He looked to his lap for a moment, steeling himself, it seemed. “I don’t think she ever forgave me,” he whispered.
“Is this thing
John flattened his lips, his jaw stiffening. “Fine,” John muttered, whistling shut the biology book he had been reading. “Why did you get all weird when Mike said that thing about us getting a room?”
Sherlock curled half his mouth politely. “Following in your father’s footsteps?”
“But where do
“How- How do you know that?” John breathed, his lips trembling slightly as he spoke.
“Most people would disagree,” he managed, internally wincing at the hint of emotion that slipped through while he was preoccupied with not gasping for breath.
Molly simply stared at him for a beat before raising an eyebrow, and he reasoned his body may have physically shook with the force of something slotting into place.
“Irene,” Sherlock growled as John laughed, and The Woman rolled her eyes, sighing tiredly as she lolled her head back down toward the detective.
had to suffer in the process.
John had plenty of experience with first dates, and only slightly less experience with second dates, the butterflies and fleeting grazes of fingertips as both parties mumbled through ‘I had a great time’s and ‘I’ll call you’s something he was almost nauseatingly familiar with, and, though those things certainly had a place, it was nice to move beyond them for once, to get past the small talk and white lies that everyone seemed to start out with. John didn’t want to talk about favorite subjects in secondary school or interesting things they did over the summer like some sort of first-day-of-class icebreaker; he wanted to talk about life on other planets, about animals having feelings, about where you saw yourself after you died, not in ten years. John liked dating as a way to pass the time, to meet new people and go out and have fun, but had he ever made a meaningful connection over a candlelit dinner at some wannabe Italian place while rolling through the traditional first date script? No, he hadn’t—or, at least, he hadn’t for a very long time—but here was Sherlock talking about how he hated green bean casserole because their neighbor brought one over every Sunday for months after his mother died, and he’d gotten so sick of it, even the smell made him nauseous now, and, somehow, it was the funniest story John had ever heard, his lungs burning for lack of breath as Sherlock got to the end of an extraordinarily descriptive tirade about just how horrible reheated casserole is.
John smiled at her, reaching the landing. “I have savings,” he offered, and she barked a hard laugh, but the dancing amusement in her eyes was genuine. When John Watson buried hatchets, he buried them deep, and, when he turned to look back at Sherlock, a smile still on his face, the detective was looking at him like he’d just sprouted an extra head. “What?” he more mouthed than asked, but Sherlock rattled his head, dismissing the topic.
“I- You mean the bird? From mythology?” he asked, and Moriarty nodded.
“Cheater,” John snarled as he entered, still swatting snow out of his hair. “I demand a rematch.”
a Superman plaster, and, though he still didn’t know what a kryptonite was, he knew no one else had gotten one.
Anderson nodded in reply, and then walked past Sherlock to place the box atop the desk beside the window, lifting free the lid and flicking his fingers aimlessly through the files.
Sherlock lazily slid his bow over the strings, sighing as he let his eyes roam out the window to the right, the sheet music in front of him long-ago memorized.
John held up a hand, waving Mary’s apologies away as he stepped next to her. “Don’t worry about it. My fault. I didn’t sleep well last night.” He did not add ‘because I couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s fingers when he plays the violin’. He smiled with self-deprecation, and Mary’s mouth lifted to express her sympathy.
“Not everything,” Sherlock muttered weakly, but John only scoffed.
Only then did it catch up to John that Sherlock had just referred to their dorm as
He looked across to find Mrs. Hudson holding a bag of various, gummy candy toward him, a half-eaten, coke bottle one in her opposite hand. John looked between her and the printed, plastic bag curiously.
shot?” she asked, pausing with her fingers over the screen, and Sherlock tilted his head, considering a moment before tossing another 20p at her. Molly laughed, shaking her head as she tapped in the addition. “Honestly, Sherlock, you drink
“Hello?” he said over a sigh, turning to lean his hip against the counter as he watched Molly walk away to continue his drink, John shuffling back to allow him some privacy.
“No.”
, not Ambassador Head-full-of-hot-air.”
He then sobered, expression turning firm as a different kind of tightness pulled at his chest. “Irene, don’t get involved,” he ordered, and the woman smiled, flicking a hand in the air as she withdrew from his shoulders. “I mean it,” he pressed, and Irene hissed a chuckle from her nose.
,” he said deliberately as he slowly turned his head, his arms—bare up to the elbows where his sleeves had pooled—crossing over his chest. “You like
Sherlock blinked across at him, but John looked just as dumbstruck, his eyebrows furrowing down at the floor as if he couldn’t figure out why he’d said such a thing either.
“Know what?” Sherlock answered, his eyes glinting mischievously as he tilted his head.
“What did he say?” Sherlock interjected, and, though Irene’s eyes flashed, she did not press.
the sidekick.” He twisted the blue fabric around his neck, flipping it sealed with a flourish and curt nod before starting past Sherlock down the stairs.
The tour at Bart’s had only come to his mind as a lie because he’d considered it in reality, one of the many things on the ‘What might have been’ highlight reel that had run nonstop through his brain while John was just-resting-his-eyes in peace. They would have found the best spots in the library, taking care to ensure the sun would never blaze into John’s eyes. They’d have auditioned the various cafeterias and restaurants to find the most tolerable food, the closest locations to the medical buildings, the ungodly crowded places to be avoided at all costs. John, of course, would have protested, would have muttered incessantly about the whole thing likely turning out to be a waste of time when he got rejected, and Sherlock would have rolled his eyes and dragged him along, calculating the quickest route to the underground. It was at that point he would have had to explain why he needed the Hammersmith & City line, which would have led into the nerve-wracking conversation about John’s lodgings for the following year, something he had no idea how to bring up now.
John spun in his seat as Mr. Tyson’s brown eyes narrowed accusingly, but they seemed to be looking over his shoulder rather than at him. “No, sir,” John answered firmly, feeling the insta-blush of embarrassment rising up his neck.
John’s muscles were obeying before his brain commanded them to, moving dully as nausea rolled through his stomach.
Their eyes met over a few awkward smiles at first, but—quite quickly, all things considered—the awkwardness dissolved, and Sherlock began muttering to himself, pacing around the room and flipping through folders and pictures, occasionally darting over to one of the boards to pin something up and scribble on notepads with various colors of sharpie. He asked an opinion every now and again, which John readily offered, but mostly kept to himself, fingers steepled and hair gradually turning more and more wild as his hands coursed through it in exasperation at poor penmanship in police notes or shoddy lighting on photos.
For a long time, Sherlock didn’t move, his face a mask of marble, nothing but the involuntary motions of his breathing proving he was still flesh and blood, and then, all at once, John saw the dam break, an invisible tidal wave cresting over him as Sherlock’s brimming eyes bored clean through his own. “How could you do that?” he breathed, shaking his head, and John felt his breath hitch in his lungs as a lightning bolt of agony split out over his heart. “How could you just leave?”
“I came out to Mum,” she said to the floor, and John’s wide eyes flicked up, catching Sherlock’s head also snapping to Harry in his peripheral vision. She lifted her face, sliding her hands up her knees to rest on her thighs. “She actually handled it pretty well,” she continued, pitch rising. “It was Will who was the problem.”
Sherlock fidgeted a few inches closer across the duvet. “Did you know honey bees travel in swarms, scouting nests and moving en masse as opposed to forming their colonies around a solitary queen? No other genus of bee does that, although some types of wasps have been known to exhibit similar nesting behavior.”
“I’ll, er,” John mumbled, eyes on Sherlock’s injured hand rather than his face, “I’ll go…get something for that.” A swallow rolled down his throat, and he backed away, walking stiffly down the corridor before pushing through the bathroom door, and Sherlock stared at the white doorframe, a weight dragging his heart down into his stomach as he listened to John rummage through drawers.
“What’s kohlrabi?” he asked, bereft of introduction, and pointed down at a spot on the menu open below his face before looking up at Sherlock, puzzled.
“I meant to put out the fires.”
“If this is the part where you threaten to castrate me or something equally vile should I ever hurt him, you needn’t bother,” Sherlock interjected, finally understanding, and Harry faltered only a moment with surprise before she set her jaw once more.
“You know, I-I should probably say-”
“You want another?” she asked, eyes darting down to his glass.
John sighed, leaning forward over his knees toward Sherlock’s feet. “I’ll make you a deal, okay?”
The ride with Mycroft had been strained, but at least it was distracting, his mother and father sweeping him into party preparations the second he was released from their arms. He’d had a couple hours to himself to get showered and dressed, but even then he’d been occupied—his mother popping in to make sure nothing needed a steam or polish; his father offering cufflink options that each came with a story. By the time the party had started, Sherlock was boiling in his skin, itching for a moment of quiet, a moment to breathe, a moment to at least scratch the grating surface of a problem not even a train could outrun.
As it turned out, Irene only laughed for about four hours, sending him texts all throughout the school day with various options for Dear John letters, an idiomatic coincidence she found hilarious, considering one of the potential recipients actually was a John. ‘It’s not your emoticons, it’s me’ and ‘I wanna text other numbers’ were her personal favorites of the supposed chest full of gems she had provided throughout the day, because, in her mind, there was no contest.
He was still fucking terrified.
“Sherlock?”
in their interactions, some underlying tension John knew would have to be addressed, and the dreaded ‘Define the Relationship’ conversation felt like it was around every corner, waiting to pounce every time Sherlock’s name popped up on his mobile screen.
“Er…” John mused, eyes grazing over the scene, “séance?”
“Listen to me!”
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock said, the smile in his voice made visible behind John’s closed eyelids, and John sighed, wriggling deeper into the warm cotton of his pillow.
“She’s always worse before a performance, but she’s mostly taking it out on the newer students,” Sherlock finished, and two unidentified men laughed, though it was only the one who continued speaking.
Looking down, he lifted the folded piece of paper back up in front of him on the tabletop, unfurling the words once more.
His first thought was morgue, but after the initial, uncomfortable leap of his stomach, he realized the Met wouldn’t have a morgue, and instead cast his mind out to catch any other, plausible use for a cold, concrete level beneath Scotland Yard. They passed a door labeled “Evidence Room”, the man sitting behind a desk just inside looking up curiously as they crossed in front of the windows, but they did not make any move to stop there.
Sherlock swallowed, hands twitching as he looked down at them. “Not with another person, no,” he said, and it was so quiet, John’s humming ears barely registered it.
But, instead, he said nothing, just gripped the steering wheel until his fingers were surely leaving imprints in the plastic and tried to think of a subtle way to ask if Sherlock perhaps enjoyed ballet.
“Rash of homeless deaths. All stabbed, all left in well-known haunts. It’s startin’ to look like a ser- Oi, where are you going!?”
“I’m rarely one to give it at all,” he admitted, mouth quirking at Greg’s boisterous laugh. “But…it is very…peaceful.”
And now she was gone, or at least that’s what everyone kept saying. “Gone”, “passed away”, “lost”, fatuous euphemisms for a concept he was plenty old enough at seven to call by name.
She smiled softly, a flicker of pain before it dissolved to sympathetic pity. “I kind of figured,” she murmured, nodding vaguely as she turned her eyes to his.
“Oh, shit, are you alright!?” It was a man’s voice, and men’s shoes, wide black trainers topped with dark jeans, which was all Sherlock could see from his current position lying in the
“What about Meg Ryan?” John appeared at Molly’s back, biting his lip as he lowered the two mugs in front of their respective owners, Molly’s whipped cream wobbling precariously.
Hello all! So, same reminders as last update: I am going to LFCC this coming weekend (Sherlock panel on Saturday ahhh!) and would love to meet up with some of you there, if you're going (or somewhere else if you're not), and I have a new email address set up for you guys here to contact me about fanfic or beta-ing or reviewing or LFCC or whatever, and it's prettysherlocksoldier@gmail.com. ALSO, is anyone going to that big picnic in Regent's Park on the 19th? But now, on with the show!
“Whatever you need to be,” she whispered, her grip tightening on his left shoulder in a show of solidarity, and, though all Sherlock could do was gape, Molly didn’t seem to mind, smiling with understanding as she let her hands slip away. “I’ll talk to you later,” she said with conviction, like Sherlock was going to text her whether he liked it or not, but, in truth, he probably would, and he nodded, his weak smile genuine at last.
“Well, no, but-”
“Er,” he muttered, clearing his throat as he flicked his fingers at the glass, “you, um- She- There’s-” He looked up at John helplessly, a whisper of pink getting the profound privilege of gracing his cheeks, and then John followed his gaze, heat rising up his own neck.
“Irene, hi!” Ethan touched her upper arm with his free palm, leaning in to kiss her cheek, and Sherlock took the moment to analyze the man—second year, law major, avid cycler,
“Stop,” John interjected, lifting a hand, and then blew out a breath, shaking his head as he lowered his arms to his sides. “That is not at
Mrs. Hudson lit up like a- Well… “That would be
“Well, try to keep it that way,” the man advised, and John’s eyes narrowed at the tender tone. “I still remember you hobbling around school after
“Oh dear, you’re soaked clear through,” she clucked, shaking her head as she folded his coat over her arm, pinching his drenched sweater between her fingers. “You know, I still have a few of Ronald’s things,” she offered, gesturing toward her flat, and Sherlock shot John a panicked look from the corner of his eye, remembering Mrs. Hudson’s most recent beau’s fondness for paisley and hoping the blond wasn’t too bitter about the involuntary shower. “You can borrow some of them while we toss these in the dryer.”
John turned, tracking the progress of an ambulance that was racing toward them, its sirens reaching a deafening volume before it passed, lights reflecting off the stopped cars before it squealed around the corner toward the school’s entrance, but John knew it wouldn’t be needed, knew there would be no one to save.
“Great idea, how ‘bout you knit one for Christmas,
“Maybe not yet,” Mycroft said sternly, taking a half step forward that put him most certainly within the boundary of Sherlock’s personal space, “but this is going to turn out to be drug-related, Sherlock, you know that as well as I do. Are you sure you can handle the temptation?”
“Oak parquet,” Sherlock supplied.
“Thank you,” he said softly, so softly, he thought for a moment his brother hadn’t heard him, but then Mycroft paused in putting on his overcoat, looking down the few inches to Sherlock’s face with an expression he didn’t think he’d seen in years.
John smiled back, and Sherlock had a rare moment of wishing someone else was as observant as himself. John wouldn’t leave if he could see the stiffness in Sherlock’s body, the tightness around his eyes, the artery in his neck pounding against his skin. But John didn’t see any of these things. John saw Mary, and Sherlock saw his retreating back.
Langley was the sort of place anyone who wanted to become anything went to. It was a fast track into almost any university you could dream of, and the website was plastered with glowing dossiers of students who went on from there to be prime ministers, ambassadors, scientists, and endless other professions in which they won numerous awards.
“-we humbly ask for your wisdom-”
“Until booze.”
Sherlock bowed his head, twisting at the handle of the fork laid out beside his plate. “No,” he replied, shrugging a shoulder, eyes focused on a knot in the woodgrain, “it’s…it’s fine.”
Sherlock just blinked at him, mouth flapping uselessly, and John eventually seemed to take pity, smiling as he handed Sherlock’s book and card back across the counter.
Sherlock blinked, frowning across at him, and John stepped forward, swallowing down at their fingers as he latched his right hand to Sherlock’s left.
John’s eyes lingered just a moment longer than platonic, tracing a line up Sherlock’s torso. They stalled on the collar-framed neck, and Sherlock watched his Adam’s apple bob with a swallow. A split-second later, however, as he met Sherlock’s eyes with a smile, all traces of the expression were gone. “I’ll try not to throw up on you,” he teased.
“I have no idea,” he said, pulling the paperwork out from under John’s pen as soon as he finished the last curve of the ‘n’, “but I get the feeling I’m better off not knowing.”
“What?” Sherlock replied, waving a hand back at a cackling Harry. “She’s clearly not going to stop.”
Molly looked back up, slightly confused, but nodded.
Sherlock looked up, careful not to look at John directly, but it wouldn’t have mattered.
“But I should’ve.”
“Same,” Mike replied, his attempt to sound nonchalant painfully transparent, but John could hardly blame him; he was excited too. “What room you in?”
“Sherlock-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The sofa cushion, John, really,” Sherlock muttered, trying to fight through John’s grappling arms. “Can you think of no more original hiding place?”
“To-” Sherlock waved his hand in a quick spasm between them.
He put his hand on the door of the dining room, pausing to allow a yawn to run its course, and then gave his head a rattle, centering himself for Christmas Eve breakfast at the Holmes’. He pushed into the room, the entire assembly turning to him, and he froze, letting the door swing shut behind him. Sherlock’s eyes widened, his gaze roving up and down John’s torso—yeah, okay, he was
about it?” John asked, sounding rather incredulous, but Sherlock didn’t look up to confirm, instead watching his fingers as he twisted and tugged at the duvet beneath him. “What did you say?”
Sherlock swallowed, hand twitching within John’s, and the blond smiled up at him, soft with reassurance.
Mrs. Hudson wasn’t in the foyer, but he knew it was only a matter of time, and quickly made his escape, slowly staggering up the steps into the living room.
“Were you really a boy scout?” John asked after he was sure she was out of hearing distance, twisting up to the detective.
“Shit!” John breathed, voice shaking, so dazed, it took him a moment to realize Sherlock was no longer in front of him, knelt nearly level with his abdomen. “Woah, hey!” he spluttered, trying to shift his hips away as he scrabbled at Sherlock’s shoulders to pull him up, but Sherlock only grabbed one of his wrists, leaning back to tip his head up at John with a patronizing tilt of his head.
“What?” Sherlock sputtered, watching as John pulled his keys from his jacket pocket. “Shirts?”
“Jesus Chri-”
“So,” Sherlock said eventually, pale fingers tapping against his knee, “you live with Mike, then?”
“I just thought, because of the case…” He let it drift away, not entirely sure how to suggest he didn’t think Sherlock would care without making him sound heartless.
Sherlock uncrossed his arms, leaning back against the wall beside his bed, his fingers instinctively lifting beneath his chin as he considered the ever-more-complicated riddle of John Watson, directing his eyes at the back of the blond head. He quickly pulled his mobile out of his pocket and looked busy as the boy turned around.
John’s stomach clenched, but he tried to keep the tension mostly out of his face. “Sherlock?” he echoed, blinking in orchestrated confusion. “Why would you-”
, and you
“Sherlock, what- What does it mean?”
“Okay,” John said, leaning forward, his hands twitching toward Sherlock’s before he folded them back, lacing them together on the edge of the table instead, “it seems like I…
Irene sighed, and, whatever she said about not being on their side, John could feel the shared misery there. “He calls it their first dance,” she said, a note of disgust in her voice. “The Carl Powers case. I think- I think he wants the credit. No, that’s not quite the right word. It’s more like-”
“Pretty sure you heard me,” he replied softly, like the words belonged to just the two of them, the clinking of cups and steady mumble of conversation fading away as Sherlock gaped up at him. John smiled, brief but brilliant, and then walked past him, likely returning to his post behind the counter, but Sherlock couldn’t be sure, too stunned to so much as turn his head.
Sherlock made a disgusted sound, but his eyes sparkled with a smile. “God, no. Far too dull.”
He bolted to the door, and, if anyone attempted to talk to him in the corridors, he didn’t notice, no sound reaching his brain but the rushing of his own blood as he raced to their dorm, swinging the door open before slamming it shut, leaning against the wood as he panted.
“No,” he assured, but Sherlock didn’t appear to buy it, laughing gently as the familiar creaking sound appeared again.
“Would you rather have been Fred or-or that girl with all the purple?”
“You’re new here, right?”
“That too,” he quipped, laughing again as Sherlock rolled his eyes. Looking down at the duvet between them, he was silent for a long moment, his smile slowly fading, replaced by a thoughtful crease of his brow. “Sherlock?” he beckoned, Sherlock lifting his brows in response, and then hesitated, his mouth opening and closing several times before it produced sound. “You know- You know there’s nothing wrong with you,” he said, fixing Sherlock with one of those rare looks that seemed to go straight through him, “right?”
“Er, sure,” John muttered, flashing Mary an apologetic smile as he rose, following the coach until they were standing against the wall several feet away, out of earshot of anyone else.
Sherlock shrugged. “Twenty or so,” he said, placing the first popcorn sachet into the microwave and starting it up, and John nodded, continuing to open bags.
“What happened?” he asked, bobbing his head to indicate the injury, unable to suppress his instinctive concern.
John hesitated a moment, mouth hovering open, and then a hiss of pain issued forth as Mary hit him hard on the arm. “Ow!” he blurted, earning a disparaging look from a nearby classmate. “What was-”
Maybe he should buy sheets specifically for Sherlock to drag around the flat, that way they could leave their bed linens out of it, because, clearly, that was the most reasonable solution. God forbid Sherlock just wear clothes.
“Thomas the
Sherlock, though he could have already guessed at that, did not reply, a small frown creasing his brow as he waited for the girl to continue.
Mycroft shrugged, popping a pesto palmier into his mouth. “They have more money than brains. Always a desirable quality at an auction.”
John stopped, jaw dropping as Sherlock turned to glance at him over his shoulder. “She
“Why would he choose her over me?”
“You’re not old, Mrs. Hudson,” he assured. “You look just the same.”
“Oh, Sherlock will help,” Irene said, beaming blithely at Sherlock’s narrowed eyes.
time…she would just go back.”
“Roommate,” Sherlock muttered, pointedly avoiding John’s sharp gaze. “He’s my roommate.”
with her hands.”
“It says, without a doubt, it’s blue.”
“This isn’t a negotiation!”
“That must be why you look familiar!” Irene gushed, pointing up at him. “One of those first year mixers or whatever. I’m in my second year too.”
John was standing in the doorway, smirking as he lowered his mobile, glancing down at the screen to close something before stowing it in his pocket. He had changed, looking more casual than Sherlock had ever seen him in worn jeans and a flecked gray jumper bearing a festive Fair Isle design in red and white. “Lunchtime, children,” he beckoned with a disparaging glance between them.
“Sherlock?!”
“I-” Sherlock began, and then faded away with a rattling sigh. “I would prefer to do this one on my own,” he finished after a moment, looking at John out of the tops of his downcast eyes.
He waited, but Sherlock remained silent, obliviously reading his book.
“SHERLOCK!”
Émile muttered a string of French curses under his breath, shaking his head at the back of Kavi’s skull.
The muscles in Sherlock’s forearm twitched slightly to grab for him. Instead, he nodded, albeit curtly.
“I just did,” John snapped, tongue working deliberately through every syllable. “Why did you ignore me for two weeks?”
“You know,” John blurted after a time, the syllables tumbling out in a rush, like they might never come out if they didn’t come out all at once, “I’m actually glad I ran into you.” His eyes were averted, and Sherlock watched as a swallow rolled down the front of his throat.
“Always knew he was going places,” Sherlock mused, and John laughed, the sarcasm amusing in spite of the fictionalized context.
Sherlock’s expression quickly snapped into a scowl, but he could feel the corners of his lips betraying him. “Weren’t you going to shower or something?” he muttered bitterly, but John only laughed harder.
It had been almost a year ago, when Mycroft had, by chance or his mother’s insistence, been leaving the city for the family home on the same day Sherlock finished his exams. They’d settled on meeting at the coffee shop Sherlock and his friends frequented, but only John had been there at the time, choosing to stay even after Sherlock had told him of his brother’s impending arrival. They had been comparing exam scars at their usual table by the window when Mycroft had appeared, an austere silhouette hovering over them like a bad omen, but John had greeted him warmly enough, standing and offering his hand. Mycroft—albeit with a condescending quirk of his brow—took it, and then Sherlock had scampered away to the loo, leaving John to wrangle the wolves until he returned. The atmosphere had been neither awkward nor amicable when he got back to the table, and he’d gathered his bag and said his goodbyes as quickly as possible, sweeping out into the waiting town car before Mycroft could do anything Sherlock would regret.
“Well,” he murmured, shrugging a shoulder, “it was for a good cause.”
Sherlock’s face fell, rumpling with confusion. “But…you went to an all-boys—” He stopped, lips ajar, the bridge of his nose creasing as his eyes darted side to side over the rug at John’s feet.
“I always tell John the same thing,” Harry laughed. “He was captain his last two years; I always say he should slip that in right after saying he’s a doctor.”
“Do you think they suspect?” Mrs. Hudson asked urgently, her eyes flashing between Sherlock and Mycroft. “I tried not to make too much of a fuss, but my lines just flew
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sherlock asked abruptly, and John turned, curious. Sherlock was looking at him rather more earnestly than John thought the subject matter warranted. “I would’ve done it better if I’d known. There was a sodium reaction I thought might be particularly impressive, but the oxidizers required were rather volatile and I didn’t bother with it, but I would have if I’d-”
John’s eyes shifted aimlessly around the interior of the counter in front of him, lingering on the supply of paper-wrapped straws as he nodded. “That’s nice,” he said, the sibilant sounds hissing a little sharper than intended, and he quickly turned back around on the pretense of checking the waste unit on the espresso machine.
,” he popped off his lips, “is that, if you don’t turn around right now and never come back, I can
Sherlock sat on the corner of the hotel bed, staring aimlessly out the window as he listened to the whir of John’s electric toothbrush humming out from the bathroom door behind him.
His skull stared back at him, silently sympathetic.
“It’s not that,” Sherlock interjected, rattling his head again as he lifted his face. “I mean, not really, not-not
“Sherlock?” Mycroft started as Sherlock burst into his office. “What are you doing in-”
Sherlock lifted his face, blinking curiously at what he could see of John’s face as he peered up past the boy’s chin. “But-”
Sherlock watched the side of John’s face as he stopped, the single overhead light casting long shadows down his face, but there was no mistaking his solemn expression, the tight set of his jaw as he steadied himself.
“Well, let me know,” he tossed over his shoulder, waving a hand. “Can’t have you fainting on me. Bad for business.”
“What, like chicken or fish?”
John stared after the car, a blush crawling up his neck, his only comfort being that Sherlock seemed equally stunned. “Well,” he croaked, clearing his throat, “that was…”
“Oh, honestly, John, don’t be such a
“Nope.”
“Peters,” Mycroft interrupted, his tone quiet, but not to be challenged. “We’re fine up here. Go take care of Erickson, will you?”
“Everyone always does that,” the man said, nodding at Sherlock’s grip. “Something about cider just requires two hands, I think.”
“You know, those pictures people can make in the froth on top of lattes?” she explained without clarifying anything at all, and his continued confusion must have shown on his expression, as she chuckled softly. “Sometimes it’s just pouring it a certain way—that generally makes hearts, which is mostly what he does—but you can also get really elaborate with it, take a stirrer or some cocoa powder and draw just about anything.”
“My lease was up,” he explained, and John twisted away with a frustrated sigh, pacing the length of the foyer. “It was more practical for me to-”
“Weird? Really, Sherlock, I expect more creative adjectives from you.”
It was inspired, really, organizing crimes from the background, getting your handiwork out there while others take the fall, and, all the while, he got to be a ghost, a whispered name in the shadows. It was brilliant, a level of artistry finally worthy of Sherlock’s attention. It was also dangerous, and therein was the source of the problem he now found himself in.
feel guilty, although, in his defense, he hadn’t known it was a lie until he’d already sent the message.
Sherlock grunted a concession to the possibility, leaning forward as he rest his elbows on his knees, his fingers returning to press against his chin in thought.
John frowned, looking down at the mess at her feet. “You can make another one,” he suggested, Irene only rolling her eyes. “You’ll trod sugar everywhere if you walk through that.”
“What’s
“You said you were going to break up!” Sally was raging, hands on her hips.
“Yes, sir,” came the unmistakable voice of Constable Donovan, and Sherlock had a sudden but vivid image of a white-cloaked angel running through the halls, brandishing a gun and holding her halo back when she peered around corners.
oanna
At his feet lay Moran, the man’s limbs crumpled unnaturally under his motionless body. The gun lay some two feet from his hand, but he wouldn’t be reaching for it, his lifeless eyes wide open and staring at nothing as blood slowly began to bloom across the rug from beneath his stained shirt.
“Well, it’s my question! Who else would know the answer?”
John smiled back, trying to shrug, but only ended up flinching again, his right hand twitching up toward his shoulder before he pinned it back down to his side. Looking sheepishly back toward Sherlock, he found the man glaring at him, his head bobbing in gesture to the sidelines, but John only shook his head, flicking a subtle wave to dismiss the suggestion.
“No. Kidnapping, actually.”
John would leave.
“No,” Mike insisted, shaking his head, his brow furrowed in concern. “I know you, John; you have good instincts. If you think there’s something not right…” He shrugged, the remainder of the words implied.
?” Lestrade blurted, but Sherlock hissed at him, rattling his head.
“The police?” John repeated, completely thrown by this turn of events.
“You put it in three bags and wrapped it twice. And he’s
“From last month?” John asked, and Sherlock nodded, fighting to keep his fingers from twisting the phone anxiously in his lap. “What kind of lead?”
“Sherlock!?”
Sherlock glared a moment longer, and then complied, heavy a haughty sigh as he strode into the fitting room, tugging the curtain shut with a fluttering swirl.
Smooth. Glass. Cylindrical. Metal, screw-on cap.
“Yeah, ya know,” John began, twisting to be resting more on his shoulder as he faced Sherlock, “trying to get through the alphabet on license plates or I-spy.”
The door swung open a moment later, however, so she couldn’t do anything about it, her cheery voice bouncing around the room behind him. “Hello, welcome to Science of Attraction! I’m Molly; we spoke on the phone. You must be Greg.”
“Come on, it’ll be fun! Your first party!”
Predictably, Sherlock was there when he arrived, lying flat on his bed and tossing a ball repeatedly into the air.
They both stopped and turned at the voice, though Sherlock already knew who it was.
school, and captain of a championship rugby team on top of it,” she snipped, crossing her arms with a stern look. “He should be worried about fitting into
“What case?”
He slipped into the seat, bouncing a bit to try and warm himself up as John dropped in beside him, promptly twisting the key into the ignition, and the car was instantly filled with music, a song from John’s iPod picking up where it had left off.
What Sherlock hadn’t realized, however, was that he wasn’t the only one sharing that bed, a fact he was confronted with rather abruptly when he opened the bedroom door to find one of the Imperial College library attendants with his legs in the air, and Victor between them.
“Fine, thank you,” Mycroft replied, nodding politely, but his grip on his umbrella tightened.
galleries all across Europe. Why, just last month we were at a show in
Mercifully, the doors opened, and John just stopped himself from lunging for them. “Guess I’ll see ya around,” he said with forced cheer, turning back to Rob as he stepped into the corridor.
“The other guy with the hat.”
Irene blinked, lowering her coffee to her lap. “Oh my god,” she deadpanned, “I think I might be sick.”
The shift threw Sherlock a little, and he fumbled as his brain raced to catch up. “Um, er, crêperie,” he mumbled, swallowing to buy himself an extra moment to become coherent. “If you’re going to insist on dessert.”
“I can’t tell if it’s fig or mixed berry.”
“Mr. Watson,
“Don’t,” John snapped down at her mischievous smirk, but she would not be dissuaded.
Sherlock’s next word died in his throat with a dusty gasp, and he coughed, one hand reaching for his throat while the other stretched toward the bar cart.
professor?”
Sherlock swallowed, glancing down at the table as he plotted his words. “I didn’t know immediately,” he said, and Irene turned the corners of her eyes to him. “About the fire.”
“All the larger players will be in that…pile thing,” Sherlock interjected with a disdainful flick of his fingers toward the pitch. “You’ll get around them. Everyone will rush right when it breaks—it’s a natural impulse, and most plays are conducted that direction anyway due to the majority of people being right-handed—and you won’t have any problem outrunning the idiots on the left to the goal line.”
It could only have been the front entrance, a grand staircase—short, with wide steps and ornate iron railings wrapped in real pine garland—leading to white double doors, each adorned with a wreath two of him could fit in. The face was all stone, the same pale blend of gray and brown he’d seen through the trees before, but the bricks were massive up close, the windows even more numerous than he’d imagined, two bay windows flanking the front door each bedecked with bright red curtains pulled back to reveal the twin Christmas trees decorated within. The trees in the symmetrical landscaping surrounding the entry staircase were smaller, dressed tastefully in simple white lights, and every window stretching up the three stories in front of him had a bundle of holly hanging from the center of its ledge, pops of green and red against the neutral stone.
He waited a moment, and then added another message, clarifying the point.
done until I know if they make it in time.” He smiled, taking Lestrade’s moment of stunned silence to push past him, heading directly for the stairs.
“Course not,” John replied, brow furrowing seriously, completely incongruous with the smirk battling over his lips.
John hesitated, a fraction of a second of stillness in his progress of removing his own food from the bag, but Sherlock noticed.
Sherlock was getting too good at this, John decided, with his tiny pushes and pulls against John’s mouth, the shiver-inducing contact of his fingers ghosting up John’s neck to rest uncertain on his jawline, so, naturally, John licked a slow, soft stripe across his bottom lip.
that with anyone.
“Are you sure you won’t be moving out?” he asked, but it sounded more like added clarification that doubt.
Sherlock didn’t smile, but his face softened somehow. “I know.”
“Well, er, actually,” he muttered, turning back to Mycroft, who dipped his head in wordless answer to the glance, “there’s, um- There’s some news on-on the-” The man faltered, dropping his chin as a swallow bobbed down his throat.
Sherlock laughed, shaking his head. “No, it’s- You were watching for me?” he asked, frowning down, but John, far from looking embarrassed, only smiled, looking somewhat perplexed.
John shrugged. “’Bout an hour.”
take her to see it,” she urged, a cunning glint in her innocent gaze. “We usually watch from the ballroom,” she added to Molly, “but it’s much better to be down with the crowd, I think. Or, at least, it was when I was younger. Lately, I rarely see the countdown to midnight at all.” She laughed, and Molly chuckled, color crawling back into her cheeks. “We’ll make sure to let you go with plenty of time,” the queen assured, nodding at her and Greg before returning to her spot at the head of the table, Anderson pulling her chair out and tucking it back in beneath her before the rest of them took their seats. “My son has requested we start without him, but shouldn’t be long.” She pulled her arms back so one of the staff waiting along the wall could drape a napkin over her lap, someone appearing to do the same for the rest of them a moment after. “He’s misjudged how verbose the speaker can be. Again,” she muttered, Greg and Mike chuckling while Molly and him could only smile, somewhat left out of the joke. “So,” she urged, folding her hands out to the room at large, “shall we start with wine?”
it turns out he does,” she repeated sharply, startling Sherlock to silent attention, “promise you’ll cancel on me?”
“You know, you’re supposed to take turns,” he chuckled, moving closer, albeit still thoroughly out of swinging range.
John chuckled. “I’ll be sure to let you know. Thanks, Sergeant.”
John nodded, really listening this time, but Mary’s words were interwoven with memories of Sherlock’s opinion on the same subject.
John stared after him for a moment before hastily tossing his books back into his bag and scrambling up the hill, his movements infinitely less graceful than Sherlock’s long strides.
“Two!”
“That’s what you said about the last one,” Sherlock replied, smirking as he leaned back against the wall, “and then pouted for three days when they didn’t believe you.”
John’s arms fell to his side in an irritable wilt. “We have to do
“The what?” Sherlock sputtered, rattling his head in bemusement, and Molly smiled, turning away to grab his takeaway cup, scratching out the particulars on the side with a pen.
He took another sip of his coffee, but the floral notes were lost in the bitterness overtaking his tongue, and he tipped the remainder of the cup into the sink, giving it an adequate rinse and slotting it into the drying rack before crossing through to the living room. He paused in front of his chair, staring at the violin still perched on the seat, his fingers gliding soundlessly over the strings.
would’ve done!” he railed, slicing a hand through the air before settling it on his sternum, but the fingers soon slipped away, falling to his lap as his body wilted. “But it’s not- It’s not enough,” he breathed, watching his hands as he twisted his fingers together in his lap. “And I don’t- I don’t know why,” he added helplessly, the saltwater pooled on his bottom lashes flickering in the light as he shook his head. “I don’t know why it still hurts.”
Lestrade rounded on him, eyes gaping with shock. Evidently that had almost given him a heart attack as well.
“Alright,” John said with a nod, but his mind was frantic, a lump growing in his throat as the intersection closed in, make or break time suddenly upon him, and he was just about to resign himself to cowardice when the solution came to him like a hallelujah chorus carried through clouds on a sunbeam. “There’s another game in a couple weeks,” he said, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze in case his face somehow betrayed how hard his heart was pounding. “If-If you wanted to-”
“It’s settled then,” John chirped with a nod, slapping his hands on his knees. “We’re going. In costume.”
“Correction: He’s going to know
“No, not particularly,” he answered with a rattle of his head and a sarcastic smile, and Irene blinked, momentarily startled before she threw her head back and laughed.
“Alright,” he muttered, rattling his head, “let’s leave your collective death wish for another day. How did you get into the flat?” He waved a hand around the room. “This place is locked up tighter than the Tower of London.”
A blond boy about his age stood a few feet in front of him on the slope, cheeks red from the wind. His jeans were too long on him, dragging in the mud around his worn trainers, but his blue jacket was too small, the cuffs hovering just short of his wrists. He tilted his head, blue eyes bright beneath a furrowed brow as he stepped closed, scanning over Sherlock’s curled figure. “Are you Sherlock?” he clarified, and Sherlock, after a moment’s hesitation, nodded. The boy frowned, the toes of his trainers stopping inches from Sherlock’s dress shoes as he looked down at him. “Aren’t you gonna answer?” he asked, and Sherlock shook his head, dropping his eyes to his knees.
“Brandy?” Greg’s head poked in, Sherlock stretching back in the limited space to give Greg’s hair some breathing room. “I want that one. Why don’t you get a Lonely Hearts Club?”
Something thick and bitter gathered at the back of John’s throat. “Do you- Do you want-” He couldn’t finish.
“I told you that shirt wouldn’t be warm enough,” he chided, bobbing his head down at the long-sleeved garment beneath John’s rugby jacket, and John glared at him even as his arms tightened around his body against the chill. “It’ll be at least another week before you can retire those hideous jumpers, assuming the April averages hold true.”
“Agh!” Lestrade growled, thrusting the radio back into its slot. “How did he get
“No!”
“It could
“Just stay there,” he advised, lifting a palm. “I’ll get the vacuum from Mrs. Hudson.”
. He frowned thoughtfully down at the blankets as Sherlock got up, pacing anxiously around the room.
John, what are you
; you could get
“I- He’s always taken care of me,” she said, her posture growing determined as she waved a hand toward the locker room in another false alarm. “He never complained, but I know it was hard; I know he sacrificed a lot so I wouldn’t have to. He doesn’t deserve- If you’re not sure-”
firework!?” John bleated, looking around the powdered room, aghast. “Jesus, how big
Sherlock nodded, watching John’s eyes as they shifted between him and the microscope, expecting a run for the bin at any moment. “And beetles,” he added with a tip of his head, figuring he’d gone this far already, he might as well explain it right. “Maggots and beetles.”
“Sounds like a personal problem to me,” John retorted, and Sherlock laughed, temporarily distracted enough to allow John to land a swing on his side, toppling him down onto the bed. John clambered onto the mattress, hovering over Sherlock as he moved to bring the pillow down on him again, but Sherlock snapped his arm up, grabbing one of the pillows from the head of the bed and dragging it between them like a shield.
A tall, blond man stood beside him, dressed in the regular, black-and-white, work uniform of officers. He was smiling, but it did not reach his brown eyes, glittering with veins of gold.
John turned to the two officers, smiling between them as he began backing after Sherlock, nothing else for him to do but follow. “It was, er, nice meeting you,” he muttered, Lestrade beaming while Donovan sneered.
“I don’t know what any of them are called,” he said, voice muddled with sleep, and Sherlock smiled, lifting his violin to his chin.
“You’re going to sleep here?” Sherlock questioned, gesturing vaguely over the scene with his bow.
Their shoulders brushed just lightly, but Sherlock nevertheless savored the contact, cherished the faint sounds of John’s breathing that crept through the wind, that meant he wasn’t alone, and, quite suddenly, as if he’d been waiting for some sort of permission John’s presence provided, a knot rose up in his throat, the breeze rattling the moisture already building up in his eyes. He didn’t know what he was going to say, was only just opening his mouth and drawing breath to attempt something, but John apparently didn’t need to hear it, or perhaps already knew, and Sherlock suddenly found tan fingers intertwining with his, a warm barrier against the cold grass. Contemplations of speech abandoned, he instead looked up at John, confused, a part of him still expecting him to disappear, to have never been there at all, but John only smiled, steady as always, and squeezed his hand a little tighter in reassurance.
The liquid slipped down his throat, soothing it momentarily, but the stinging dryness quickly returned, and he coughed, lifting a fist to his mouth.
, Sherlock.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” he murmured, and Mrs. Hudson shifted at his side, her knee bumping lightly with his own.
“I-I don’t know,” he murmured, too much anxiety whirling around in his mind to even
Sherlock watched him, eyes shifting between the boy’s downcast eyes and fidgeting hands. “I think you’d be a great doctor,” he found himself saying, embarrassed by the unintended fervor of his voice as John looked up at him, clearly equally surprised. Sherlock smiled shyly, shrugging a shoulder as scratched at the back of his head. “You took care of me when I got the flu last month,” he muttered, and John laughed, throwing his head back to the ceiling.
Sherlock scoffed, and Lestrade chuckled, waving a hand as he beckoned him toward the lift.
no, I- I mean-”
There was a small hitch of John’s eyelids as he blinked, his only reaction before simply nodding sympathetically. “Yeah, long distance is hard, especially with things like that.”
He was allowing it to stay. For now.
“John, look,” Molly said, casting a brief glance over her shoulder before leaning in toward him again, Mary following suit. “You don’t have to say anything, okay? You don’t- We don’t- We’re not going to-”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice was closer now, soft at John’s shoulder. “Are you alright?”
“It’s the
“Please,” Sherlock snorted, head bobbing and voice lifting as he began his mimicry. “Here, have a coke. Oh, did I mention I’m gonna be a doctor? I have an interview at Bart’s.” He sniffed derisively, rattling his head. “Why didn’t you just drop in that you’re captain of the rugby team too while you were at it? She probably would’ve thrown in her social security number.”
“Nothing, really, to be honest. Didn’t ever say much in the way of impressions, just muttered through stuff as he went over my reports and such a few weeks back. Always talks like he’s bouncing it off you.” He smiled at Sherlock in a way that was downright familial in its idle teasing, and Sherlock managed to crack his lips into vaguely upward curves. “Well, I’m gonna head over to the snack tables. People keep walking by with this quiche thing I wanna try. See you boys!” He gave a quick flick of a wave and a smile, and then disappeared through the crowd.
John laughed, tucking the clipboard under his arm and dangling the leash down. “You wanna do the honors?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded, Bonny standing with him, looking uncertain.
Sally crossed her arms in front of her, searching him curiously, and John was once again reminded of how much he loathed being short. He couldn’t properly meet Sally’s gaze with a stubborn one of his own when she had a couple inches on him.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
things again! Then I can make the connections, I know I can, just like I used to!” He panted down at his knees, mind spiraling out away from him, chasing down the possibilities, but reality came back with a sharp smack as John shuffled forward, his trainers squeaking on the dormitory floor.
“By asking me my favorite color?”
He flicked on the light as he closed the bathroom door, his reflection appearing in the water-splattered mirror, and Mrs. Hudson’s concern suddenly made much more sense.
“She really isn’t your housekeeper, you know,” John chided teasingly.
At the thought of his father, Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, his stomach roiling on instinct, but it wasn’t quite the same, didn’t bring with it the spike of fear and breath-knocking anxiety he’d become so accustomed to. Frowning down at the ground between his bent-up knees, he tried to force the reaction out of his subconscious, to inspire the dread he knew should be racing through him at the thought of the man waiting for him at home, his father no doubt going to be far-past-furious by the time he wandered in the door, but he just couldn’t manage it, couldn’t find it in him to care, part of him already sitting in front of a fireplace on Baker Street arguing green versus teal over Chinese takeaway.
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted, reaching up to grab a pillow, but, by the time he’d thrown it, it flopped limply against the lab door. He grumbled to standing, glaring at the barrier. “I don’t even like Wham!,” he muttered, and then blushed furiously as laughter drifted out from under the door.
“Go back to sleep.”
“Is there something else you wanted to-”
“How do you know what Mike has in his drawers!?”
“What are you-” she whispered, but Sherlock hissed her quiet, silently lowering his bag to the floor next to his stool as he bent down.
“You’re making me cold,” he said, grinning when Sherlock sneered, and then turned his eyes to the fire, allowing him at least a little dignity as he hastily tucked the blanket around his feet. “You know, I never asked, did Mycroft...say anything about me? After you two left?”
“Lesbian years are different,” she muttered, waving a dismissive hand in the air as John rolled his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh,” John remarked, hopefully idly. “More chemistry stuff?”
“What, die on the toilet?”
“Not to me,” Irene scoffed, shaking her head as she dropped two ice cubes into the glass, the clear liquor quickly following. “I need a drink just to get out of
“Maybe I could tell.”
together, there will be a separate, group”—Sherlock made a nauseous sound behind him—“assignment due next term that will help ensure we all have a firm grasp of the material. I will split you into groups”—was Sherlock actually throwing up back there?—“and assign each group a key scene from the play. You will perform your scenes in front of the class”—it was too quiet, Sherlock must have died—“and receive a grade based on my assessment, as well as your group evaluations.”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Lestrade quipped, turning with a smile as they passed into the foyer. “I’m hoping to get a mugshot for my wall.”
“The team is running much more smoothly with you at the helm, and he knows it.” Sherlock nodded in the boy’s direction, watching as he slid his phone into his pocket with a long-suffering sigh. “He’s not really angry with you, John. He’s angry at himself for not being even half as good as you.”
to fathom your logic.”
“Sherlock?”
Lestrade smiled, soft and pained with sympathy, but he did not argue, and, after a moment, John sighed, temporarily boxing away the guilt gnawing at his stomach as he met the sergeant’s gaze.
“No. I have no use for it, and I don’t know anyone else who-” He paused, frowning with a moment’s thought, and then met John’s eyes again, pointing to the parcel. “Why don’t you take it?” he offered, and John’s eyes tried to make a break for it.
that he asked Mary Morstan to switch with him that following Monday so he could have the desk next to Sherlock’s, staunchly maintaining that it was she who proposed the change in order to see the whiteboard more clearly.
John frowned, confused by Lestrade’s smile. Most people wouldn’t consider taking on Sherlock Holmes’ characteristics to be a positive.
“Don’t move,” Sherlock said, stepping slowly around the perimeter of the tub.
, thanks,” Rob answered, and John pressed the corresponding button.
“HEY!”
“I’ll tell you,” Sherlock swore, nodding earnestly and trying not to betray his anxiety, lest it be misinterpreted.
“Still,” Sherlock replied, and John laughed even harder, “you made soup.”
“Cancer,” Sherlock said, sharp and sure, barreling on as John’s eyes blew wide, “but those things are parlor tricks, the playground of carnival psychics peddling hope to the ignorant masses; I deal in science, in observation, deductive reasoning. For instance,” he clipped, fixing John with a look he couldn’t so much as blink away from, “you’re an eldest child with at least one younger sibling; you moved to London for university, and not from nearby, so you don’t know many people outside of rugby and classes; you hate taking the underground,
“What the-” he started, and then paused, shocked expression falling to a stifled smile as he searched over Sherlock’s face.
John chuckled, shifting his fingers through Sherlock’s hair to rub briefly at where the curls gave way to muscle beneath bare skin. “So…not boring,” John summated with a small smirk.
than Charles bloody Magnussen could ever dream to be.”
he take them to your flat.” Mycroft tossed down a look of staunch disapproval, and Sherlock appropriately dropped his head, but it was only to smile at the pavement blurring by beneath his feet. “Seems they walked by the flat yesterday and noticed the increase in police cars patrolling the area; thought going straight to the source was the best way to get in.”
?” Greg echoed incredulously over his beer as the rest of the group laughed. “He actually said ‘muse’?”
as their only large bowl hit the counter, a rustle of puffed corn and paper packaging, and then the clinking of bottles, the fridge door rattling shut as John reappeared in the living room, beer and popcorn in hand.
“I doubt waiting another hour will have any lasting impact,” he snipped, a flash of irritation fluttering across John’s face before he resigned himself to the gibe, “and, as you can see, I’m already talking to-”
Leonardo DiCaprio?”
John sighed, kicking at a loose stone beside his shoe as he pulled his hands out of his pockets. “Sherlock,” he practiced for at least the eighth time today, six of those directed to his shampoo bottle in the shower that morning, “there’s something…something we need to- Fuck, no, I can’t say ‘we need to
Okay, so
“Oh,” he murmured, blinking down at the grass beneath their feet. He then slowed as they reached the crest of the hill, the doors not far away, and Sherlock turned to find blue eyes already on him. “And?” he pressed, a hint of trepidation in his gaze. “Are you?”
“Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your evening.” John bowed his head, nodding in farewell at the couple as they gathered their coats and swept from the table toward the exit, turning their heads to smile back at him.
He sat down on the floor, leaning against the nearest support—the leg of a table that ground against the floor a bit as he crashed his weight into it—and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes.
John was firm, unyielding, delicately persuasive when necessary, but never unkind, however much Sherlock thought it was warranted. He was clever, a born diplomat, convincing his critics to adopt his ideas while also convincing them they came up with them themselves, but Sherlock could tell when it was wearing on him, the man of action not entirely left on the battlefield. He started to look tired, his shoulders rising and falling with deepening breaths, as if he was one more inane comment from snapping a neck, but then he’d take a long look down, pretending to adjusting his tie or tug at a loose thread on a button, and the pristine expression would return before he lifted his chin.
“Are you going to lead the way or not?”
John’s chuckle bounced as he bobbed his head, and Sherlock looked away, feeling his cheeks darkening. “You really did. Especially with your dad.”
John Watson was not something that faded with time, his determined expression faltering a moment as blue eyes flitted over Sherlock’s face in confusion, and, for all Sherlock had imagined this inevitable moment, he found himself suddenly bereft.
Not long enough later, the limitations of the human body necessitated they break apart, noisily dragging in air over one another’s mouths as they panted, lips occasionally brushing, and John’s hand slowly slid from Sherlock’s hair, trailing along his jaw to rest at his chin. Gently, with a reverence Sherlock would never be worthy of, he lifted a thumb to Sherlock’s bottom lip, stroking lightly over the tingling skin, and then smiled softly, dropping his hand away to place a single chaste kiss over the spot.
“We’ll be fine,” Sherlock muttered, flapping a hand at her in disinterest.
Mrs. Hudson smiled, nodding back, and then left with a click of the latch, leaving him alone with Sherlock, who was turned away to look back at the door.
“Opened a Word document and typed ‘Sherlock’s an ass’ for ten minutes,” Sherlock replied, and then jumped as Lestrade burst into loud laughter in his ear.
,” Sherlock spat, but John just chuckled. Sherlock set his jaw, glaring at the back of blond’s head, but then only huffed, rattling his head and leaning back against the counter. “Had to talk to my advisor about my ‘career prospects’,” he muttered bitterly, and John laughed.
“John?”
Silence for a moment, the stillness vibrating with tension that quickened his already pounding heartbeat.
“And it was so romantic, the way he saved her family like that, even though he thought he had no chance with her at all.”
“Lestrade,” the detective said stiffly, leaping up to standing. He looked at John, eyes hard and jaw tight. “I can-” he began, pointing toward the door, but John shook his head, lifting a hand in dismissal as he passed him.
