As the medics rush to Nebula and all the focus is on them, from the corner of his eye, Steve notices movement from the ship. A small, hunched figure walks down the stairs. Steve is just about to activate his shields when he sees a small source of light shining from the figure’s chest.
As his group gathered at their usual table, Tony looked over to see who was on the other side. On one end of the table was James Barnes, the only fireman Tony ever knew to have a prosthetic arm. Challenging him to shots was Sam Wilson, an ex-air force pilot. The two of them always acted like they hated each other’s guts, but virtually everybody in both departments knew they were friends with benefits.
He remembers watching as Steve repeated it, seeing and hearing nothing but genuine love from that man. It wasn’t something blurted out in the heat of the moment, but it came from a place of genuine fondness.
Steve didn’t seem to mind though, only glancing at Tony with an amused smile on his face. Tony’s not sure what that’s for, but then caught his reflection on the glass door of the building and noticed his severe case of helmet hair. He went red, running his hands through his hair, but stopped. If the night was going according to plan, his hair would only end up more messed up anyway.
“For everything,” Steve says. “If I had known that the stone required you to… I wouldn’t have sent you there. I would have…”
“Who knows?” Natasha said as she walked over. “Maybe someone finds you cute. And whoever it is, they definitely did their homework.”
As Steve gets closer, things become clearer. The head of thick brown hair. The distinct facial hair. Bits of red and yellow armour. All of which can only belong to one Tony Stark.
wouldn’t have let you. The team needed you, you know that. And I did what I had to do to bring my family back.” Natasha smiles at him. “We won. It was all worth it. So, you have nothing to be sorry about.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, and Tony realizes that the fear must show on his face. The blond’s eyebrows are furrowed, worry clouding his expression. Tony wonders if he should tell him what he’s thinking, but he knows that deep down, Steve realizes it too. Instead, Tony leans forward and presses his lips to Steve’s.
Steve looks at her, feeling beyond relieved that she’s here too, but looking at the place they’re in, a wave of anxiety washes through him. If he’s back in his original timeline, wouldn’t this Peggy be from the original one too? Would it be possible that this Peggy knows what happened in an alternate timeline? Or will he have to act like nothing ever happened?
Tony immediately shushed him. “Damn it Barton!” He peeked over his shoulder, making sure the man didn’t overhear. Luckily, his attention was on Natasha, who was taking his order.
“You know how some angels are assigned to watch over humans?” Tony nodded. He had never actually met any guardian angels before, but he had felt their power a few times when he got too close to the humans they were protecting. The effects varied greatly, depending on the angel. Best case, a headache. The worst he got was broken ribs, having been pushed by an invisible force. “Yeah well, some of us, including me, are assigned to demons.”
Tony doesn’t know what’s going to happen from this point on, or how he’s going to get the others back. One thing he does know, is that he’s not alone.
Steve took a step forward, crowding Tony against the desk, pressing their bodies together. Feeling that solid, warm body on his, Tony couldn’t help but moan. Steve pulled away at that. “We’re in the open, we probably shouldn’t…”
The mystery behind the secret admirer was finally solved on the day of the joint fundraiser, held by both the police and fire departments. Small stalls were set up, where anybody from either department could sell their goods, whether it be old clothes or handmade trinkets. The fundraiser was open to the public, so the small little road between the two stations was packed.
He saw Rhodey and Bruce less than a day ago, but so much has happened that he can’t really blame them for how bruised and battered they are. Both men are covered in dirt and dust, Rhodey trying to make sense of everything, Bruce rubbing the bridge of his nose as he tries to find an explanation.
Finally, Steve removed his fingers, and while Tony did feel a loss at the emptiness, he was immediately filled with anticipation as he watched Steve put the condom on. Holding Tony’s waist, Steve positioned himself and in one fluid motion, he pushed himself all the way in until he was fully seated.
“Nebula!” There’s movement in the group. Rocket pushes through, runs towards her. “What the hell happened? Where’s the others?”
Staring at the man, beautiful and perfect in front of him, Tony didn’t know what to say. So, he did the next best thing. He reached up, grabbed Steve’s face in his hands and pulled him down, kissing him with all the meaning he couldn’t put into words.
After telling his part of the story, of what went down in Titan, he found a seat right at the very corner of the room and he’s been there ever since. From this corner, he watches as everything carries out. Shouting, arguing, pleading. Everyone’s tired, bloody and beaten, but nobody’s willing to rest.
The change in Steve’s expression was drastic. It was as if a literal cloud had appeared over his head. The pain in his eyes was so intense that Tony’s heart ached, made only worse by the fact that he was the one who caused it. “I guess I was wrong then.” Steve couldn’t even look him in the eye. “I’m sorry.”
FRIDAY starts listing names, Tony relieved at how many have survived but also devastated at how many are lost. Then she finally reaches the names of the Avengers. “Agent Barton. Doctor Banner. Thor. Colonel Rhodes. Agent Romanoff.”
“Seriously though, they do have good fondue here. And shawarma too, who knew!” Tony reaches out his hand to Steve. “Come on, I’ll show you!”
He carded his hand through Steve’s hair, pulling him down until they were face-to-face. Now, it was Tony’s turn to whisper into Steve’s ear. “
“Neither am I,” Steve continues, shaking Tony out of his thoughts. “I’m going to be right there with you.”
There has always been something between the two of them, something that’s been there from the very beginning, when Tony had just flown a bomb into space and fell to the ground, when Steve ripped the Iron Man mask off in fear, only to smile in relief when he heard Tony’s voice. There has always been something, but with everything that had been going on in their lives, they never had the time to act on it. More than that, Steve supposes, both of them were too scared, with neither ever having the courage to go forward. Mix that with all the disagreements and the disaster that was the Accords, Steve had virtually given up on anything every happening. And when Tony died, Steve felt nothing but loss and regret at the things that could have been, at the life that he could have had if he actually did something.
Tony nearly melted at the puppy dog eyes Steve was giving him, but he wasn’t just going to give up there. “We’re enemies,” he repeated. “We were never supposed to be together. We’re incompatible.”
“Maybe,” said Steve. “The thing is, the pact only forbids angels and demons from fighting. It never says anything about being in a relationship.”
Steve sighs in relief. He’s not sure how any of this works, but he’s happy that he’s able to be with the Peggy he grew old with, as well as the one that truly knows his experiences.
“Or it could go perfectly well and we change history.” Tony rolled his eyes at that response, earning him a laugh from Steve. He pulled the demon’s hand to his lips, pressing a kiss to the knuckles. “Either way, it’ll be worth it.”
Tony blushed again at how intimate this was all getting, pulling his hand away in instinct. But he reached forward again, cupping the side of Steve’s face, warmth seeping into his palm. The angel nuzzled into the touch, and suddenly, it all became clear to Tony.
Being careful not to wake him, Tony runs a hand through Steve’s hair. It’s a lot softer than he remembers, darker too. He brushes his hand along Steve’s new beard. He never even knew the man could grow a beard, not to mention look so good with one. From this angle, he realizes how long Steve’s eyelashes are.
Again, Steve is broken out of his thoughts when Tony suddenly speaks. “I’m starving!” He gets up, and looking down at Steve, he says, “Do you want to fondue?”
“Yes,” he panted out, and was rewarded with a smile and a hard thrust against his prostate. It was all Tony could do to close his eyes and listen to the harsh sound of skin slapping against skin, focusing on his own climax that was building up.
The previous pain of oversensitivity was soon replaced by pleasure once again, because as expected, Tony was hard again. Demons had developed short refractory periods to ensure the greatest efficiency in seducing humans and tempting them to sin. Tony had never been more thankful for this, especially now that Steve had stopped worrying about hurting him, fingers pressing bruises onto the underside of his thighs with every jerk of his hips.
It took a moment for Tony to process what he said. To take care of him? Tony had lived for almost a millennium, and he’d lived just fine by himself all these years, so why the hell would he need someone to take care of him?
“Nothing,” Steve said, averting his gaze. Even if they weren’t bonded, Tony would have known immediately that he was hiding something.
The heat, the sudden possessiveness behind those words left Tony breathless, pinned under Steve’s gazed. There was that tingling sensation again, spreading out from where Steve was touching him, reaching every inch of Tony’s body.
Instantly, Steve stopped, worry now taking over the desire that previously clouded his eyes. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"
Natasha scoffed. “That was two years ago, when the both of you were too drunk out of your minds to realise that you had feelings for each other.”
He can’t help but notice the way Tony says his name, the way Tony looks at him, the smile directed at him. All those were things he thought he lost after the whole fallout with the Accords, things he thought he would never experience again.
Playfully rolling his eyes, Tony pulled him for another kiss, one that was full of pure affection. Sure, Steve was completely naked, and Tony’s shirt was stained with his own cum, but for Tony, the moment couldn’t have been more perfect.
“Yes, it has.” The doctor pours the drink into the cups. “And you’ve done a lot in that short while, haven’t you?”
Tony actually had his own stall where he sold metal jewellery and figurines that he made himself in his free time, back home in his workshop. During one of his breaks, Rhodey took over manning the stall, allowing Tony to do a little window shopping of his own.
Steve reaches for that hand, feels it shaking. “Even if you did, if Thanos still snapped his fingers, he still could have disappeared. You wouldn’t have known.”
"I feel… good." With his mind clearing up, Tony realised that while he could hear Steve's thoughts, it was in broken up phrases and sentences, and that he could sense Steve's emotions more than anything. The connection wasn't perfect, but Tony didn't mind it one bit. "I feel
He can feel Tony’s shock, his body stiff and awkward, but within seconds, Tony relaxes, hugging him back just as fiercely. The feeling is overwhelming, and Steve doesn’t want it to end.
"As you wish." In one fluid motion, Steve pushed himself in all the way to the hilt, facing no resistance with Tony already wet and loose from the first round.
Silence hangs in the air between them, heavy with so many things unsaid. Steve wants these things to be said, so he says, “Tony, talk to me. Please.” He hates how desperate he sounds, but he is. It’s been two years since they’ve talked properly, even more since they had a proper conversation that wasn’t an argument. He doesn’t even care that Tony still hasn’t looked at him. He just wants him to say something.
When they first kissed, it was like a fire ignited within Tony, and he wanted nothing more than to touch Steve, to have Steve touch him, to feel Steve inside him, to be fucked senseless.
“No, it’s not fine, and no, you weren’t dumb. It was me.” As Tony said this, he reached out to touch the back of Steve’s hand, to which the blond stared at him.
There was another round of screams, and Tony turned to see that it was Steve’s turn. And Jesus Christ, if Tony was any weaker, he would have had a nosebleed.
Tony looked over to Bruce, who was currently sipping his coffee, pretending that he was unfazed by all of it, when in reality, it was only because he had private access to such a view back home (minus the cats of course).
Tony thought for a second. Against his better judgement, he was curious about what Steve might actually be. Going to his place might be a great way to find out. “Yours. Definitely yours.”
Tony wants to believe that Steve just said it in the moment, that his emotions were running high. But he kept repeating it, over and over, and Tony knows that it’s the truth.
Steve’s heart breaks for the second time that day. Tony sounds completely… broken. He reaches a hand forwards, cupping the side of Tony’s face, turning it towards him. Another tear falls from the corner of Tony’s eye. He still doesn’t want to look at him.
“He’s good too. Been training all his kids in archery. Won’t be long before we have a whole gang of little Hawkeyes in the world.”
He leaves the bathroom to find Steve still dead asleep, having moved not even an inch after Tony left. He must be exhausted from the battle. Tony is too, the weariness still deep in his bones. He wishes he could sleep, but he knows he can’t. He’s too restless, the gears in his head already starting up for the day. So, he leaves of the room.
“Yes, FRIDAY, I hear you.” If the AI was any more sentient, Tony is sure that she would have sighed in relief as well. He only has one question to ask, but he can barely form the words. “Is anyone… ”
Thanos had done it. Gathered all six stones. Snapped his fingers. Now half the universe is gone. And Tony’s still here. Of course he is. Fate has never been kind to him. Fate would rather let him suffer in life than in death.
Grabbing the helmet, he rolled his eyes before putting it on. He hopped on behind Steve, grabbing the man’s leather jacket as the engine started. Before he could ask Steve why he wasn’t wearing a helmet, the blond turned around and smiled, “Hold on” before speeding off into the night.
He's fascinated by the feel and taste of Tony's mouth. Tony feels hotter than anyone he's ever kissed before, and Steve doesn't know how much of that is the fact he's in heat, and how much of it is just because he's
Tony starts slowly, swirling his tongue and bobbing his head, and Steve can honestly say, with complete and utter sincerity, that he's never had a blowjob like this. Tony's mouth is hot and wet, his tongue talented. He starts to bob faster, tilting his back and angling his head to open his throat, and suddenly he's sucking Steve all the way down to the base. Tony's throat opens and the tight, hot grip of it around Steve is heaven. Tony's throat clenches around him, then he pulls off with a little cough. He grins, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand as Steve stares at him, slack jawed.
He's beautiful. The colour of his shirt brings out the flush in his cheeks. His facial hair is impeccably groomed, but his hair is mussed and his eyes are lined with a smudged layer of kohl – it makes the deep golden flecks pop from the warm, rich brown of his irises. His slacks are grey, hugging the curves of his hips and the muscles of his thighs.
His chest is tight. It's not so much a feeling that he can't get enough air in, more that he feels like there's too much air in his lungs, so there isn't room for anything fresher. He purses his lips and blows air out between his lips in a steady stream, inhales and does it again.
"Have Sam send it with Redwing," Steve says, rubbing a hand over his face tiredly. "I want it there as soon as possible, and Redwing moves faster than any of the ravens. We need things to move quickly, now."
"Okay, that's fair," Steve says. "I know it's kind of… but I told you, Tony, I don't want to hurt you. I'll do everything I can to make sure I don't."
"It can hurt, sometimes," he finally says. Tony's body tenses a little. "But I don't want to hurt you," Steve adds. He sighs. "It's not supposed to. Hurt, I mean. If an Alpha is careful, if he makes sure to be gentle, it doesn't have to
"Of course," Tony says, his words barely above a whisper. "I wouldn't want to crowd you, my Lord." He turns, making to head back toward the gates. He moves deliberately, doing his best not to turn and run, to escape this humiliation, this pain.
Tony's cock swells with it, and he'd thought he couldn't possibly, thought he'd been spent and exhausted, that there could be no more arousal or desire for him, but he'd clearly been wrong.
Tony gives a sharp little nod. "I'm here because I've been bonded to your Lord. I'm grateful for the opportunity to be bonded to such a strong, powerful Alpha, to help him run his household and his kingdom. I look forward to offering any and all assistance that I can when it comes to navigating the politics of kingdoms, and bringing him happiness in all the ways that I can."
A thought shoves its way into his mind. "You said it wasn't about the aqueducts. Steve giving me… this."
"I'm fine," Tony says, heart sinking at the distance Steve is putting between them. "How was your trip?"
"That's not part of the deal," Steve tells him. "The point of the Omega Consort is to strengthen our political ties to King Howard's kingdom; that means they choose which one based on which ties it will strengthen."
"I want to see you," Steve growls, nipping at thin skin under Tony's jaw. Tony shivers again, and it makes Steve even harder.
"You were beautiful," Steve tells him, pressing a kiss to the top of Tony's head. "More beautiful than I imagined."
Somehow, Steve had memorized all the meanings Tony had been spouting off about down the row, and on their way back, had picked flowers that seem to sum up exactly what Tony never would have dreamed to hope for in a new bondmate.
Steve blinks. "Not impenetrable, but, I mean, apparently it accelerated how fast I heal from things. Why?"
"Yes, I'd heard that," Tony says, one corner of his mouth twitching, and the sparkle in his eyes draws Steve in like a magnet.
Rhodey turns away politely when Tony drops the towel, and Pepper helps him into the bodysuit. He pulls on a pair of form-fitting pants, then slides on a dark red shirt. The buttons are tiny, but he does them up deftly, then turns to present himself to Pepper.
"I'm Sam Wilson, I'm a friend of Steve's, and I'm here to help you folks get situated. He thought you might want to get cleaned up and wash the dust of the road off before dinner."
Steve rolls his eyes fondly as Clint flops on the sofa next to Bucky and butting up against the stump of his shoulder where Bucky had lost his arm in the war, the two Betas apparently incapable of sitting next to one another without making sure they have at least two points of contact between them at all times.
Another rush of slick comes out when the muscle winks open, and Steve laps it up, licking his way eagerly into Tony's hole now. His tongue dips inside, and he starts to work Tony more open with it, thrusting and licking and sucking at the rim.
"No apology necessary. Good night," he answers. He closes the door behind her, staring at the heavy wood grain of it.
he is. His eyes had lit up, and he'd been funny and sweet and interesting. As soon as he'd let his guard down, Steve's stomach had swooped, and he hadn't been able to take his eyes off his Omega.
"I know," Steve sighs. "I know, it's fine. Just let me –" Steve stands and turns around, coming face to face with Tony, who's standing in the bedroom door.
Tony swallows hard, eyes suddenly hot. It's got to be his heat coming on. "Of course not, you hardly know me."
"I was," Steve agrees. "I went to the front, put together a team, and we fought our way into Hydra's castle and defeated the Red Skull."
Steve looks down at the contract, at the last page he's flipped to. There's a straight line across the bottom, waiting for a signature. He stares at it.
"Look at me, Tony," Steve whispers, freezing. Tony's eyes snap open, and he stares up into Steve's eyes. He doesn't look afraid, so Steve pushes forward, slowly but steadily, until he meets the slight resistance of Tony's hymen. He's halfway in, but it's not enough, he needs more,
"Are you ready, sweetheart?" Steve asks him, rubbing his thumb over the sensitive skin behind Tony's balls. He pushes down a little, stimulating Tony's prostate from the outside, and Tony moans.
"I just wanted to tell you that," he says lamely, gesturing toward the door. "I'll… get out of your hair."
"Do you like this shirt?" Steve asks against Tony's throat. Tony swallows, rolling his hips against Steve's. Steve can feel Tony's erection grind down against his.
"I asked King Howard for help and he insisted I strengthen our political ties to the rest of Starkland by bonding with an Omega Consort of his choosing, yes," Steve says through clenched teeth.
"Oh ho ho ho," Clint says, sitting up gleefully. "Is this where you get to choose which Omega you're going to stuff your –" he's cut off when Bucky shoves a pastry into his open mouth. Clint barely lets it faze him, just humming thoughtfully and beginning to chew the oversized mouthful.
"No, no, I mean it," Steve says, warming to the idea. "That way I won't ever give you poison oak again, and I won't give anyone else any flowers that mean something I don't want them to mean."
"I don't care if you're a virgin," Steve blurts out, because he needs to make Tony understand this. "It – it doesn't matter to me. Either way, I'll–"
It feels heavenly, the grime and sweat and slick coming off him and leaving him warm and clean and sweet-smelling.
"There's a smith shop in the east wing, we're headed there. Rhodes will take the rest of the engineers there to set up." She turns and gives Rhodey a look, who sighs and turns to the engineers.
"Show me," Steve says, pulling away and standing over the bed again. He takes a step back to give Tony more space, manages to pull his hands away from that skin. "Show me what's mine."
He turns back and gives Tony an apologetic smile, but the moment that had been there before is gone. "I'll be back as soon as I can," he says. "Be... well, okay?"
Tony gives him a wan smile. He'd like nothing more than to launch into a diatribe about the unfairness of Omega property laws and Omega rights, but Barnes' eyes are sharp. Tony won't be caught badmouthing the Crown or the laws, not when he's surrounded by people he can't trust.
The harvest had been weak this year – the snow had fallen a full month early, and while the province's farmers had worked hard to bring as much of the crops in as possible, their stores for the winter are just barely passable.
As far as Steve knows, she hasn't been off her suppressants or taken an Alpha lover for as long as he's known her.
Steve paces around the room again, moves the wine bottle to a different spot on the table. It shouldn't be so close to the edge, it might fall.
"You know you can't say stuff like this when the Consort gets here, right?" Steve says, making it more of an order than a question. "I won't have you making them uncomfortable with this kind of talk."
And somehow Rhodey had managed to figure out the most terrifying thing about this whole situation, and decided not to pull any punches in letting Tony know it. Because that really
"Just—" Tony raises himself slightly on his knees and then pushes down again, his vice-like hole gripping and squeezing Steve's cock wetly. "Just right," he sighs, sounding less strained now. He raises himself up again and pushes back down, sets himself a slow, deliberate rhythm.
"Oh, Tony," she says with a sigh. "His subjects are very loyal, did you know? Anybody I've talked to in town has nothing but good things to say about Lord Steven. And surely you've seen how fiercely protective his friends are?"
Tony wakes up slowly. The light filters in from a gap in the draperies, showing off an entirely too sunny spring day.
When the pants are loose, Steve dives his fingers inside the waistband and begins to pull, and that's when he looks down to see what he's revealing.
Steve grins again, and this time it's almost conspiratorial. "We had a powerful wizard come through a few months back. We helped him out with a little problem, and as a thank-you gift, he charmed the garden to bloom through the winter. Not as useful as, say, boosting the harvest, but still a nice gesture."
"He told me to call him 'Tony,'" he finally says. "He said – he said I could call him Tony. Instead of Prince Anthony."
His fingers fly over the paper, drawing out equations and trajectories and arcs. He theorizes chemical reactions. He builds in his mind towering fortresses, long-range weapons, and diamond-hard armor.
Tony barks a laugh, and Steve grins at him happily, like he feels like he's done something right. They wander down the rows of flowers while Tony points out their meanings.
"So, an Omega Consort is gonna go to an Alpha, usually, right? That's just how this works, that's the point of the Consort training – to be the perfect mate for some nebulous, powerful Alpha. Kings and queens, rich folks, powerful folks. Those are the kind of people who are gonna get these Omegas, right?"
He moves forward, fingering a stalk of gladiolus, hunting a change of subject. "So, you're back, now."
"I want to see you, too," Steve says, kissing him again. "I want to watch you fall apart for me. I didn't get to see your face when you came before, I want to watch you now."
, and his heat is setting off an Alpha rut. He's filled with a deep sense of need, like a violent storm raging in him telling him to take, to claim.
He feels another rush of hatred and anger for his father. He hates the whole situation, the process of it all.
Tony is near senseless when Steve finally pulls his fingers free, and he cups his hand and dips it into the water, rinsing away the come and sweat and slick before hauling Tony out of the bath. He's shaky, unsteady on his feet, but Steve carries him to the bed again, laying him down and then crawling over him, peppering kisses all over Tony's skin. There's a ticklish spot on the inside of his knee, and when Steve discovers it, he gleefully presses kisses to it, grinning as Tony twitches and whines.
Steve's expression, instead of the amused cheekiness Tony had been going for, falls into that look of sympathy again.
"It's fine," Tony says. He keeps his tone light, keeps the edge out of it, but he wants to scream, to yell. It's
"That's good," Steve murmurs, wrapping his arms around Tony and pulling him closer. He slides a hand down Tony's arched spine, slips his fingers between the cheeks of his ass and dips two into his slick, still-loose hole. Tony moans, and Steve's cock throbs.
Tony gives him a small smile, but for Steve, he might as well be beaming and cartwheeling across the floor. "Thanks," Tony says.
Steve grins, reaching up to kiss Tony's soft, full lips. "I'll carry you to the bath and back, I swear."
"I don't think King Howard was very affectionate to him," Steve confides, pouring himself some wine. He takes a sip, silently offers her the bottle. She shakes her head, munching on another grape.
"Apologies, madam," Nat says, but Steve doesn't think she sounds all that sincere. "Natasha Romanoff. I'm a friend of Lord Steven's, I was just updating him on the news of the day."
“But it’s like you said, we’re mortal enemies. So why are you here?” Tony asked, still wondering why an angel would willingly spend time with a demon.
“You could say that.” Tony turns back to the sunset. “It is beautiful here. I feel calm, relaxed, well-rested. It’s starting to get a little boring, but I think things are gonna get better now that you’re here.”
Tall. Blond hair. Incredibly blue eyes. Strong jawline. A ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio. All wrapped up in a sinfully tight white shirt, brown leather jacket, and jeans.
With each word, Steve sped up, driving harder and faster into Tony. With one final thrust, Tony came with a gasp, the sensation completely taking over his body. His whole body tensed, and Steve followed soon after, reaching his own climax as Tony clenched around him.
Bruce’s instantly blushed. These two, on the other hand, were, despite all their denials, pretty much a couple already. And while it was getting annoying seeing the two of them being so lovey-dovey towards each other, Tony was more than happy for his friend.
“You look good, Cap,” Tony says, a smile on his face that Steve has so sorely missed. “How you’ve been?”
A collective groan filled the room as detectives, officers, and staff alike fished out their wallets. Steve and Tony looked at each other in confusion before turning back to Rhodey. “Wait… you guys made bets on us?”
If it was possible to become any more flushed, that was what Tony did, aware that he had just been found out. “Well, you see, Bruce’s desk is right there, so as his friend, it felt weird to have a picture of his man, you know? And the puppy you were holding was really cute!”
Tony continues, voice wavering as he tries to hold back tears. “I should have never let him stay. I should have just forced him to go back home. Override the system of his suit or something.” He rubs his left hand, trying to rub away the dust that isn’t there anymore.
As he walked along, he stopped by one of the stalls selling artwork. There were sculptures and paintings, but what really caught Tony’s eye was a drawing of the nearby boardwalk. Picking it up, he stared at it for a long while before realising that it had the exact same style of the sketches sent to him.
, Tony thought. “As friends. We were talking like friends. All he said was that Thor wanted to pay for Bruce’s drink.”
And if these two lost souls, broken after having stayed strong for so long, can still find it in them to love another who is just as damaged as they are, then what is so undeserving about that?
On his way there, Tony couldn’t stop wondering what had happened. It wasn’t like Steve to ignore his messages. Something must have happened to him in his rut. Tony recalled Steve’s last ruts, remembering that Steve had come out of them completely worn out and almost sickly, but Steve told him it was nothing to worry about. So, of course five whole days of no contact set off all warning lights in Tony’s head.
Keeping those memories repressed, Tony turned back to his friends. There was Rhodey, their sergeant and Tony’s oldest friend; Bruce, his partner in all things science related; Natasha, a fellow detective and the most badass woman Tony has ever known; and Clint, detective and best marksman in the entire history of the department. They were the best team Tony could ever ask for.
Steve was blushing again, but he didn’t look away. Still smiling, he asked, “So, how should we do this?”
Steve’s eyebrows shot up at the request. For a second, Tony was afraid he was being too forward, but then Steve’s face settled into a smirk. “Your place or mine?”
Steve’s eyes immediately went dark as he crashed their lips together, and Tony felt his entire body relax, sighing into the kiss as one single thought crossed his mind:
Tony doesn’t let him finish. “Don’t say anything, just-” He’s pulled back in for another kiss, and this time, he doesn’t hesitate.
“Well, you might want to control yourself,” Bruce said. “Don’t want you to pass out on the street again.” Bruce was a shapeshifter and one of Tony’s closest friends. He had a lot of trouble controlling his powers when he was younger, but he got the hang of it after a while. He was the friend that Tony called to get him out of trouble, to pick him up from the bar if he got too drunk, or to pick him up after a hook-up with a stranger. Bruce always complained about it, but still did it anyway, and Tony would always be eternally grateful.
There's a plate of pastries on the bedside table, and — more importantly — a pitcher of what smells like coffee, which is still warm.
Tony wants to argue, but he can't think of an argument. Especially not after everything he and Natasha had talked about. If there were ever a place where an Omega could be an engineer, he supposes America is it.
On the plus side, the fact that most of the coaches and horses had stopped earlier means that there isn't a crowd in front of the castle, waiting to stare at Tony as he gets out and walks to his doom.
"I know, Steve," she says, gentle now. "I'm not saying you didn't do the right thing. I'm just saying… be aware of all the moving parts, here."
But with an Alpha it would be different. He'd have a knot, first of all. And his lessons had taught Tony to be prepared for the raw, animalistic nature of an Alpha going into rut – set off by an Omega's heat, of all things, so that not only does the Omega have to suffer the indignity of their body's betrayal, but
And no. When Tony thinks of it like that, when he thinks about Steve, he knows. Steve wouldn't mind.
Tony loses himself in kissing Steve, in tasting his mouth and lips, feeling the slick slide of Steve's plush tongue against his. He's wet again, can feel slick dripping between his legs, and his cock is hard between them. He moves to pull away, to shift his hips so he's not rubbing against Steve's hip, but Steve holds him still, rubbing Tony's cock against the sweat-slick flesh.
"Thank you so much, your grace," she says, injecting just enough sarcasm into her tone to make him smile.
Steve takes a deep breath. "Bruce, the doctor, came to see me earlier. Apparently Ms. Potts was trying to make an… appointment for you?"
"I know honey, I know it's a lot but you're doing so good, that's it," he croons, and Tony sobs out a breath of air, and his cock spurts a trickle of come between them.
"I want you to know," Steve says before trailing off, turning and taking a few more strolling steps down the path. Tony keeps pace with him. "I want you to know that you can have your own space. You don't… you don't owe me anything. I don't want you to feel like you're, you're obligated. Or anything."
The palace itself is on a hill, but the city surrounding it is on flat land. There's a rough looking stone fence around the perimeter, with high walls, but cracks throughout.
"Pretty much," Tony says. "I wanted to see how it all worked, so I opened up the wall behind my bathroom at the palace, and it's all stone and iron, and I started thinking, you know, what if I could make it even more efficient? So I got rid of the walls so the pipes and channels were exposed, and I built a small coal oven under one of the basins. I insulated it so it would keep warm, you'd only have to start the stove in the morning and in no time you'd have hot water – at your fingertips! All day!"
"So, are you finding everything to your liking?" Barnes asks, jumping back into the conversation. "Need anything? Everyone's treating you okay?"
"It'll keep," Steve tells him. He nuzzles into Tony's neck, breathing in his still-warm sleep smell. Tony gives as good as he gets, nuzzling into Steve's neck in return. He takes a deep inhale, scenting his Alpha's warm, homey smell. Musk and strength and his.
"The first thing he did, when I arrived and he found out where I'd come from, was make sure I had suppressants, did you know that?"
The only thing Steve can think of is that Anthony's lineage is to blame – Any other Omega, in the event of Steve's untimely death, would then go back to belonging to their own family. That could give that Omega's Alpha father grounds to challenge for the inheritance of reign over America. Sending Anthony, King Howard's only offspring, all but guarantees that America will revert back to King Howard.
"That's it, honey," Steve murmurs, his other hand reaching around Tony's hip to pet at the slick, stretched skin of his entrance. He slides his finger over it gently, lightly, around the rim of skin stretched around Steve's thick cock.
"When you traded, when you signed those contracts with my father. It wasn't about me, I know that, I know Howard foisted me–"
, Steve. Not the exam itself, but the results. The whole kingdom – Starkland, not America – has to know that Prince Anthony came here with his virtue intact."
"They've built pipes and basins, to bring water from the river into the populated parts of the kingdom. Cities, towns. They have valve systems so you never have to carry water – the aqueducts do it for you!" As Tony speaks, he seems to warm up to the topic, and the anxious tightness in his muscles relaxes. He starts to move his hands in the air in front of him, gesturing as he talks.
Tony had tried looking at the scenery – all he'd seen was snow, snow and more snow, so he'd given up that little exercise in futility.
"America is going to be okay," Steve tells him, meeting his eyes with a tired smile. "That's the important thing, you know?"
Tony swallows, feels his throat bobbing, and glances down at the handful of plants in Steve's hands.
Steve leads him over to the table, with its spread of fruits and cheeses and pastries, and pours them both some wine.
Steve is standing a few feet away, in front of a bright green shrub. He's got a bundle of plants in his hands, and there's a little white butterfly – a
"So," he says, putting his cup back on the table gently. "Have you sufficiently convinced yourself I'm okay?"
Tony stares at her again. Suppressants? Just like that? He hadn't had to speak to any councils about it or anything? No bureaucracy to deal with, a bunch of red tape that just wouldn't ever be cut through? Tony had been on suppressants because he'd been at the Academy, but he's never known of an Omega out in the world, in Starkland, who was on them. Bonded or not; if nothing else, it was a good way to get themselves bonded to someone.
He supposes he'd never believed he'd actually be contracted to bond with an Alpha, that Howard would, at least, never force him to suffer
you for it. Even if I were very, very angry with you, I would not punish you. Tony, you're… you're not
"I promise, I'll come home as soon as I can," Steve tells him, pressing a kiss to Tony's temple. He stands, setting Tony down on the bed. "You can – stay here, if you like. Or go back to your rooms, if you'd be more comfortable, I don't… whatever you want. Natasha and everyone else will take good care of you."
“Thought we should get a little privacy,” Tony said, leaning against the edge of his desk. “Come here.”
Tony feels his heart literally ache. Happy. Pepper. Gone. He can imagine them waiting, desperately waiting for his return, only to turn into dust. He can almost feel it adding on to what was already on his hands.
Steve chokes on air, coughing as he tries to process what Tony just said, especially after what he’d just been thinking about. “What are you – I – What?”
He feels his pulse speed up, the onset of an attack. The Avengers could be gone. And Tony’s greatest fear will have come true. That all of them are dead. All of them except him, left to live among the dead and ruin.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t want them. I want you. And I don’t care that you’re a vampire. You’re much more than that to me.”
Having been on the receiving end of Natasha’s powers before, he definitely did not want to experience that again. Taking one last swig of his drink for liquid courage, Tony got up and walked over. The stranger looked up from his bottle of beer, and his eyes were even bluer up close, so bright that Tony could have gotten lost in them. Instead, he leaned back against the counter and folded his arms.
He wanders. He turns a few corners, goes through doors that aren’t locked, climbs up a couple of flights of stairs. Right when he’s starting to think that he’s lost, he opens a door to discover that he’s on a small rooftop garden.
As handsome as Thor was, Tony had always felt more attracted to Steve and this was a perfect example why. He had a broad chest and shoulders, which tapered down into a much smaller waist, making him look like what was essentially a triangle. His huge biceps flexed as he waved a small little wave to the crowd. Leading into his jeans were those stupid pelvic muscles, the “v” that Tony had no idea how to achieve. And even though his legs were covered, all the jeans did was to accentuate his ass and his thighs. After all the years of only seeing it in pictures, actually seeing this image of Steve in real life was almost too much for Tony.
“I knew it!” Tony turned to see Rhodey with a huge grin on his face. He looked at everyone else in the room. “Time to pay up!”
However, it was clear that Steve was still holding back, the man still being so careful about not hurting Tony. And while Tony enjoyed how tender Steve was, all he wanted right now was for Steve to give in to his animalistic side, to hold him down and fuck him senseless, to use him.
“Nope, they’re for you.” Bruce flipped over a tag that was hanging at the bottom of the bouquet, showing Tony’s name written on it. “See?”
It has to hurt, if the grimace on Tony’s face is anything to go by. And as amazing as the feeling is, it hurts for Steve too, Tony being way too tight for either of them to find pleasure. Steve can feel the slickness of lube and knows that Tony had prepped himself, but it’s not enough when it’s this sudden. Tony tries to move but the pain is too much. That’s when Steve sees the tear that rolls down his cheek.
to. After your heat. We can – we don't have much out here in America, I'll admit, but Bruce, he's our doctor, he can make up some suppressant potions for you, if you like, and we can – I just don't want you to feel like you
Steve leans in and swipes his tongue across the bare entrance, over the slickness and tight muscle. Tony lets out another ragged moan, and Steve sighs because now he can really taste Tony, with nothing in the way.
Tony swallows roughly, eyes locked on Steve, whole body thrumming with anticipation of something he doesn't know.
"The plight of your people," Bucky says, popping the last of the pastry into his mouth and licking crumbs off his fingers. He wipes them off on his jeans, then reaches forward for another copy of the contract so he can flip through it as well. "Though, I still think you can probably find a better way if it makes you that unhappy."
Tony steps into the hall and closes the door behind himself, disheartened when Steve takes another small step back, keeping his distance.
"And it's a very romantic gift, for someone dumb as you, congratulations," Bucky agreed patronizingly. "However, whatever it is you told him to build, he ignored you."
"I'm ready," he says, and so Steve pushes forward, feeling the release, feeling Tony's body open and accept him and take him all the way in.
So instead of pushing Tony's head down harder into his lap, Steve takes gentle hold of his hair and pulls him up, off his cock.
Bucky reaches out and brushes a hand over Clint's head, gently, but it seems to be out of reflex because his eyes are still dancing, his grin wide. "Omegas are rare, right?" he explains. "But they also don't come with a whole lot of benefits for a family – they gotta come up with dowries, find an Alpha or Beta of good standing to take their kid on and bond them, the whole deal. So some parents who don't want to have to deal with all that, they just send their Omega kids to this special school out in East Starkland so they can learn to be sex slaves."
"But you did have to go," Tony reminds him. "You don't have to apologize for that, it was important."
Steve reaches forward and helps him peel it down his body, helps him work it down his hips, his legs, and all the way off. Steve's eyes roam hungrily over Tony's nudity, gazing at every inch of bare skin. Tony's pretty cock is half-hard again, his ass freshly slick. Steve lays them down, covering Tony's body with his and settling between his legs. He lines their cocks up together, rocking his hips slightly. Not enough to get either of them off, just enough to tantalize. He kisses Tony, slow and deep, then trails kisses all over his cheeks and jaw.
Tony pulls back slightly, searches Steve's eyes. Maybe he's trying to reassure himself that Steve really doesn't want him to finish the blowjob. Maybe it's reassurance that Steve won't hurt him. Either way, he seems to find what he's looking for, and he pulls back, hands going up over his head and behind his neck to unclasp the halter of his bodysuit.
Tony doesn't know what to say to that. How do you ask your Alpha-slash-king-slash-bondmate for suppressants? Do you just bring it up at dinner? 'Your highness, I know it makes you feel like a virile Alpha when I beg for your knot but can we just stop doing that?' God, Steve would be so upset.
"Yes, sweetheart, you're so, so good. You're perfect," Steve tells him, feeling his knot start to swell again. His orgasm builds in the base of his belly, his balls tightening. "I'm gonna come in you, honey, give you my knot again."
"You want to be Lord? With all the responsibility and the paperwork and the solving problems?" Steve asks, finally reaching forward and taking a pastry from the basket. Neither Bucky nor Clint is dead yet, it seems safe. Ish. "You go ahead, Clint. You can have it."
"You can't know that," he says back to her, knowing his voice sounds miserable. "In fact, you're more likely wrong."
All the while, Steve nods and smiles, savouring the warmth and contact from where Tony is so firmly holding onto his hand.
It was an attempt at levity, but Steve still appeared just as serious. Looking at how handsome he was, hair perfectly styled, wearing his fire department t-shirt, it finally dawned on Tony what he had been so afraid of this entire time.
“Of course.” Steve was smiling at him. “I could sense your dark energy the minute I walked into the bar.”
“Kinda,” was all Tony could reply. He didn’t really know how to describe his predicament without sounding pathetic for an eight hundred-year-old demon.
“No,” Steve says softly, thumb moving across Tony’s cheek to wipe away the tears. “You have nothing to be sorry about.”
“We tell her about you, you know. Stories, memories, experiences.” Steve recalls his own time spent with Morgan, how she was so focused on listening to his every word about Tony. “All of us, whoever’s left, we tell her about you every day. Just to make sure she’ll always remember you.”
“I do.” Steve looked at him with nothing but pure fondness, and Tony wanted nothing more than to kiss him silly, but they were outside and there were kids around. So, standing up, he pulled Steve with him as he jogged over to the police station. Making sure that no one was looking, he went in, dragging Steve along with him. Ignoring Steve’s questions, Tony brought him to the bullpen.
“He killed Gamora to get the Soul stone,” she says, voice unwavering. “We tried to stop him, but... Quill, Drax, Mantis. They’re dead.”
“I don’t, but that doesn’t mean we should pretend like we don’t feel anything, or that we should push people away.” Steve moved to hold Tony’s hand in his. “Isn’t there that saying: ‘It’s better to have loved and lost-’”
He has Nat, he has Peggy, he has Tony. And in this new place, wherever it is and whatever it is called, he’s comforted by the fact that he’ll never have to lose any of them ever again.
“So, the gifts, the flowers, the sketches…” Tony looked at him incredulously. “Were you trying to… court me?”
Steve will always hate himself for how the whole thing with the Accords went, how the team fell apart, how he had to fight his own friends. Worse of all, he hated how he treated Tony. It was a horrible fight that left both sides and both men broken. In the end, what good did it do anyway? Nothing, and Steve regrets every moment of it.
“Steve Rogers, look at me.” Tony wanted to shout at him, but he knew he couldn’t, not when Steve was feeling so scared. “You didn’t force me to do anything. I came to find you on my accord. I slept with you because I wanted to help you. And when you told me that you wanted me as your mate, I agreed, but not out of pity or obligation, no. I wanted to be your mate because I wanted you to be mine.”
Instantly, people were throwing dates around as if the two people concerned weren’t there. Tony tried to ignore it, because they had only just gotten together weeks ago, and now people were discussing their wedding? They haven’t even said those three magical words to each other.
Their eyes met. There was nothing but desire in Steve’s blue eyes, and Tony knew that his own brown ones were the same, calling out for Steve to fuck him already.
Not to say Tony hated his job. He was good at it, having risen to the top amongst his colleagues. He even invented new ways of torture and torment along the way.
“Oh, for God’s sake.” Natasha rolled her eyes, grabbing Tony’s collar so that they were eye to eye. “You go talk to him right now before I force you to.”
For someone who was in rut, Steve sure was taking his time, but all Tony could do was lie there, closing his eyes as he took it all in, letting Steve run the show. Again, he wasn’t going to complain, because for someone who Tony had never slept with before, Steve’s fingers and mouth worked miracles, finding all the right spots on Tony’s body that sent his nerves tingling.
“What if…” He started, heart racing as he prepared himself for what he was about to say. “What if you didn’t have to force me?”
“‘-than never to have loved at all.’ Yeah, I know, but it doesn’t mean it’s going to hurt any less.” Tony felt the warmth of Steve’s palm against his own, focused on it to drown out the noise going around him. “I’m just scared, you know?”
“You bought the calendar?” Steve asked, and Tony turned around to find the offending object, open to the very picture that Steve was posing for that day.
With T’Challa gone, Steve watches as Okoye takes over, the general leading and taking charge. He sees the pain behind her leadership, her grief at having her king turn to dust before her very eyes. She is stronger than he could ever hope to be.
Steve spread his fingers, slowly opening Tony up. Tony felt that it was almost too much but knew that what was coming was going to be a lot bigger. As Steve brushed past his prostate, Tony managed to gasp out, “What about you?”
Hi everyone, sorry for taking so long to update this! I was on vacation with my family in Canada, so I couldn't really edit this with them around. But anyway, here's the final chapter! I think it might be a little cheesy and cliche, but hey, don't these two deserve it after everything?
Tony froze. He couldn’t even think about the emptiness he felt at the sudden withdrawal. He turned onto his side, staring at the blond. “You know what I am?”
“Well I’m glad that I managed to exceed your expectations,” Steve replied, a goofy smile on his face.
With a gentle push, she directs him towards the door. After one last look back, he walks through the door.
The older man climbs onto the bed, over Steve. As the blond watches, he notices that Tony is avoiding eye contact. In the time they’ve been together, Steve’s learnt that this is a red flag, but before he can do anything, Tony positions himself over Steve’s cock, and guides it in.
A silver of doubt and worry enters his mind. He thinks about Peggy, about how they had literally spent a lifetime together as husband and wife. He thinks about Pepper, about how Tony’s waiting for her too. He starts to feel guilty about having such thoughts, about feeling such things.
God, was it glorious. Tony was being fucked faster and harder, Steve thrusting into him with reckless abandon. Tony was in an uncomfortable position, aching with his legs held up, the burning friction as Steve’s hips slapped against his ass and the back of his thighs, but he absolutely loved it. It was as if some unknown part of him had finally been unlocked. The fullness as Steve’s cock moved in and out of him, the delicious ache of his muscles, the feral look on Steve’s face; in all of his dreams and fantasies, Tony had never imagined it to be as perfect as this.
Grinning, Steve moved back, kissing Tony like there was no tomorrow. Putting his hands on Tony’s waist, he lifted the smaller man up until he was sitting on the desk. This sent a wave of thrill down Tony’s spine, his own hands reaching up to ran through Steve’s hair, legs spreading further apart to pull him in closer.
Okoye hesitates for a second, but ultimately replies to the call in Wakandan. She then turns to them. “Follow me.”
“You know, I thought it’d be a few more years before you joined me here,” Peggy says, a small smile on her face.
It is in this silence that Tony is able to think, that he is able to feel. And with his aching body, he can only think about what happened last night. The things they did, the words that were exchanged.
He barely hears Nebula when she asks him for their next destination. It’s only after the third call that Tony, still looking at his hands, replies, “Earth.”
As if on cue, they step towards each other. Tony collapses into Steve’s embrace, head burying into the blond’s chest. Steve’s arms wrap around him instinctively, pulling him in close.
Now, it was Tony’s turn to take deep breaths, because there was Steve, standing right in front of him, gorgeous, perfect, and completely naked. Tony couldn’t help but look down, stealing a quick glance at Steve’s very hard, very large, and very erect cock.
Bonded werewolves shared a type of telepathic connection between them, where mates could read each other's thoughts. As a vampire, Tony thought it would be impossible for him and Steve to experience that, but having felt Steve's pleasure just as clearly as his own, Tony knew he was wrong. Maybe Steve's bite and desire to be mates made the connection possible, with Steve's blood in his system only serving to strengthen it.
With every thrust, Tony just wanted more and more. He pulled Steve into another kiss, one hand back in his hair, the other gripping his muscular back, legs wrapped loosely around his waist. It was as if he couldn’t get Steve close enough, as if his whole life depended on being in as much contact with the man as possible. His body was starting to ache, but he didn’t care. All he could think about was how Steve’s thick cock was moving in and out of him, filling him up perfectly, hitting spots that he couldn’t reach himself, even with all the toys he had back home.
“How could I? You said it yourself multiple times; you never understood the whole mating and bonding thing.” Sadness now clouded Steve’s expression. “But it’s more than that. You’re my friend. You’ve been my friend for six hundred years. I couldn’t risk it.”
“Well, if you run out, don’t think I’m just going to get you a whole rotisserie chicken like I did last time.” Tony really didn’t understand why werewolves still had ruts and heats and things like that. Sure, Steve told him it was about bonding and finding a mate, but was it really necessary to go into a state of complete lust and horniness?
Steve stammers, trying to deflect, but Peggy just continues. “You don’t have to pretend, Steve. Don’t forget, I was married to you in one lifetime, so I’ll know if you’re lying.”
Tony pulled Steve closer. “You are my alpha, and I will not let anyone say anything bad about you. That includes yourself.”
"I feel you too." With those words came relief, joy, and anticipation, feelings that Tony sent right back. He tilted his head back to seek Steve out, and Steve was already there, capturing his lips in a kiss that had him wanting more.
It was a simple kiss, just the press of lips on lips, but it was sweet, more intimate than it had any right to be. When Tony pulled away and opened his eyes, he saw that Steve’s face was now filled with confusion, blue eyes burning bright.
Tony couldn't get enough, but he knew he had to stop. He wasn't going to leave Steve drained and exhausted; he wanted a round two, and he was sure that Steve did too.
So, Tony and Natasha were left, watching as Bruce played with the kitten in Thor’s arms, and Thor looking at Bruce as if he was the only thing that mattered in the world.
Before Tony could think too much into it, Steve’s lips were back on his, hands running up and down his sides. Tony felt his whole body jerk up at the suddenness of it all, his hips grinding up against Steve’s. Tony’s hands ran through the blond’s thick hair, trying his best to mess it up even further. Steve pulled away, reaching for a pillow and placing it under Tony’s hips. Tony couldn’t help but smile at that, how the angel still cared for him at that moment.
Tony rolled his eyes. “If you thought that was flirting then you obviously don’t know me. We were just talking.”
So, maybe now’s not the time to talk about it, but Steve knows that they’ll get to it eventually. He’s still not sure how any of this place works, but all that he does know, and all that he really cares about, is that he’s not alone.
“Yeah.” Steve doesn’t even attempt to hide it. Why would he, when he’s so happy to see Nat again, after what she did. “I’m so sorry.”
With a particularly hard thrust, Steve hit right up against Tony's prostate, the growing knot reaching deep inside him, stretching him further than he had ever been stretched. This sensation had Tony arching off the mattress, a choked gasp leaving his mouth.
"You look so beautiful like this," Steve said on a particularly deep thrust. "So warm and open. Just for me."
Tony turned to him, still wondering why the hell he was being so polite when they were waiting to go up to his apartment to fuck. But letting someone know his name wouldn’t hurt, so he told him. “It’s Tony.”
"I'm a vampire, not a goddamn doll. You're not going to break me." Using the hand in Steve’s hair, Tony pulled him closer until they were staring eye-to-eye. “Fuck me like you mean it.”
Steve hesitates, to which the doctor rests a hand on his shoulder, comforting him. “Don’t worry, you’ll see me around.”
The defeat in his voice was so palpable that it took Tony aback. It was only then that he realised just how cruel he sounded. “Steve-”
“You’re such an idiot, you know that?” There's no malice behind Tony’s words, but it still had an effect on Steve, and Tony could see his ears drooping and his tail hanging between his legs.
Many years ago, Tony had studied up on werewolf biology, just to make sure he knew all that he could about his friend. He found out that the omegas of the species produced their own slick and were essentially self-lubricating. So, when Steve pulled him up onto his knees, panic shot through Tony, afraid that in his foggy, rut-induced state of mind, Steve thought he was not only a werewolf, but an omega as well, and that he would go straight ahead with no prep whatsoever.
It wasn't long before Tony felt it, the knot at the base of Steve's cock beginning to grow, catching at the rim of Tony's hole with every move in and out. He was close; both of them were.
Steve replied in kind, moving back and pulling on Tony's hips until he was on his knees, his ass sticking out. The movement had caused more of Steve's cum to leak out of his hole, the sensation of it drip down the back of thighs leaving him feeling utterly depraved, but also an emptiness that had him whining, desperate and needy.
And of course, right in the middle, was none other than Steve Rogers, the captain of the team. Steve
He looks into those blue eyes and sees them filled with wonder and love, all of it directed at him, and realizes that he doesn’t need words to tell Steve everything.
Tony can’t help but kiss Steve again, because they’re finally together again, and that was all Tony wanted.
“Everyone stop whining and just be happy for these two lovebirds.” Natasha was by her own desk, one of the few who didn’t lose the bet.
A cold feeling of panic and dread drops in his belly, and he feels his face drain of colour. "I was just–"
Steve rolls his eyes and starts flipping through the contract paperwork. "Why am I doing this again?" he asks, pained.
Steve bends over him, draping himself over Tony's back, and he slides in, hard and rough. Tony cries out because Steve is big, and he's been inside Tony already tonight but it doesn't matter, it's still big, every time. Still a stretch that opens him wide.
"I want you," Tony gasps. He's trying to push into Steve's hands, but at the same time trying to press his belly forward into contact with Steve's lips again. He can't stand still.
"Gather your things," she tells him, and her voice takes on an edge. It's a warm edge, though. It's a tone that's telling him what to do because she knows him, knows him well enough to know that he's frozen now, not sure what to do. His footing is uneven, and he doesn't know what to do with this new information.
"It's… it'll be okay, Tony," Pepper says, not sounding at all sure. "Really, I'm sure it's just… it's not…" She stops. "They don't have running water, no. But it looks like the staff has already started your hot bath so I guess I'll just, um, fill the tub? With the water?"
Which is how Steve now finds himself nervously fiddling with silverware at the table in his rooms, fidgeting and pacing as he waits for Tony to join him for dinner.
Steve steps forward, reaches for Tony's hands. Tony startles, but he doesn't shy away, so Steve takes both hands in his own, squeezing them lightly.
When Wilson gets to the door, he steps aside and gestures to it. "He asked if you'd come in alone, actually, if Ms. Potts and Captain Rhodes were okay with it."
"Take me hard, this time," Tony gasps against Steve's skin. "Take me and mount me and — and show me I'm yours."
"The intensity with which I have wanted to fuck you has nothing to do with obligation, and everything to do with how deliciously gorgeous you are," Steve growls. He softens his tone, but squeezes Tony a little more tightly to himself. "I won't make you do anything you don't want to, and if this is the last time you want to have me, we can get you started back on your suppressants and it'll never happen again. But if you want me to? If you'll let me? Tony, I would…" he trails off, shaking his head a little. It's too soon for declarations of anything, and Steve's not even entirely sure what his own feelings are yet, anyway. He just knows that he wants to see Tony come on his knot again and again, wants to see the way he loses control, his whole body seizing with overwhelming pleasure. "I would," Steve repeats lamely.
"Yes, of course," Tony says, with all the confidence he doesn't feel. Will it be dinner alone? Is this where Lord Steven takes his measure?
Instead, he finds himself doodling in a little notebook, his pencil scratching across the page. Pepper and Rhodey leave him to it, reading their own books or watching the scenery go by.
Tony slides all the way down, taking Steve to the root, then wraps his arms around Steve's neck and pushes back up on his knees before sliding back down the length of Steve's cock again.
Tony comes first, but then he comes again and again, seated and stuck on Steve's big knot as Steve comes, fills him, claims him and marks him and stretches him wide. They're covered in slick and come and sweat, and Tony can do nothing but writhe and jerk as he comes again and again, his body possessed by the Alpha holding him so closely.
There's another beat, and then Tony is leaping to his feet, half over and half around the table and landing in Steve's lap, straddling him and clutching him and smashing their mouths together. He kisses Steve roughly, wildly, his tongue and lips devouring Steve. Steve lets out a moan, feels his own hands wind around Tony's back to hold him close, and Tony moves over him, writhing and rolling his hips as they kiss and kiss and kiss.
"I've tried," Steve says sadly. He waves a hand over the contracts on the table between them. "This is the smartest way. The safest."
Wilson gives him a look. "We take security very seriously here. I take it you're Prince Anthony's bodyguard? We received a note saying he would be coming with a small staff."
In fact, the crowd itself is quite small. He sees Wilson near the front, with a couple of other men. One has shaggy, dirty blonde hair, while the other has dark hair grown out to his shoulders, and only one arm. Ah. That must be Steve's friend, then, the Beta from before the war.
"Tony, honey, you don't have to—" Steve tries, a token protest. But Tony can tell by the way his cock jumps when Tony bumps it with his chin that Steve wants it, wants Tony to touch him.
"I hope you didn't find it too boring here, without everyone," Steve says, eyes casting to the side. "I was wondering if you wanted to go for a walk? In the garden, maybe?"
"And how to take an Alpha's knot down their throats," Bucky snorts, completely ignoring Steve's glare.
"I told you," Steve says, lips brushing against Tony's skin and the lace as he talks, "I wanted to make you feel good. Does this feel good?"
Tony's lips are slack, his eyes half-lidded. His cheeks are flushed, and he's still breathing hard, looking stunned.
"Different colours of carnations have different meanings, too," Tony says, doing his best to dance around the subject without outright lying. "A red carnation is love and pride, while pink is the love of a woman or a mother."
"Or something to that effect. Because you never once told him you liked him. And, frankly, I would have said the biggest idiot in the whole kingdom could see that he's head over heels for you, too, except
"I will do those water pipes," Tony tells him, surprised at the sound of his own voice. No defiance, but also no bravado, none of the subservient tone he's used to hearing out of his own mouth around his Alpha. "The aqueducts, all of it. Just like I said."
He's never been to Krasnyygorod. His father had threatened to send him there a time or two, to be sure, but it hadn't been safe for him to visit, even as the king's son.
"I don't need a babysitter," Tony says petulantly as she brings the two cups back to the table, setting one in front of Tony. She sits back down and stirs her own tea lightly with a spoon, and Tony thinks it might be entirely calculated, because he doesn't think she added anything to her tea besides water.
He should ask, he supposes, if Tony would like anything. A bath. Food. More wine. But right now Steve just wants to hold him for a while, so he decides that can wait.
"You're an idiot," Bucky had told him, when Steve had recounted the story of their conversation later. "I mean, I knew you were stupid, I did, but I don't think I realized to just what
Steve keeps his face open and honest, so Tony nods. "I trust you," he says, and Steve's heart thumps in his throat. That, he knows, is all he can ask for.
"Tony," Steve says, hoping his voice comes out more of a deep rumble than a nervous squeak. "It's good to see you."
"He's a young man who has never had agency over himself or his future," she argues, and the lightness of her tone is gone now. "He was sent to the academy for the sole purpose of learning to please an Alpha – an Alpha that he knew from day one he would never get to
"No, I understand," Tony says, not quite meeting his eyes. He chooses his words carefully. "We both need space. We bonded, just like we were supposed to, and now, you…"
"Me too, Tony," Steve says, eyes roaming all over Tony's face. Tony can feel it, but he can't quite meet the gaze. "I'm sorry about the poison oak, and thank you for teaching me about the flowers. It's nice to be able to… court you. A little. Before."
"Do you have a lot of security threats?" Rhodey asks, glancing around the large room. This one is furnished a little more decadently, with rich red and gold rugs and bedclothes. There's a large window with heavy drapes, but it faces west so Tony can look out over the sea.
Tony picks up the pace before too long, thrusting down onto Steve's lap hard and fast, bucking wildly. He cries out every time he drops down, and his cock is leaking pre-come all over Steve's belly.
Tony arches an eyebrow behind him at his friends. If Steve had any intention of hurting him outside of knotting, he would have done so the evening they had dinner together. Rhodey looks put upon, but Pepper gives him an encouraging smile.
Once the contracts are received in Starkland, it doesn't take long for word to come back. In a few weeks' time, a caravan of soldiers, supplies, and Steve's new Consort will arrive. They've already set off from the Capitol, according to the note King Howard had sent by raven. They'd travel around the mountains, and be through the swamp lands in no time while they're frozen over.
"I love you, Steve," Sam says after a moment. "I want you to know that. You're a very good friend, and you're very heroic. People look up to you. I'm telling you this so that when I tell you this next part, you understand it's coming from a place of love. You can be
"Yes, love, again," Steve says, and his voice is warm, proud, kind, but his hand is cruel, taking Tony past the limit, past what feels good until it's too much, too sensitive, and then Tony comes again, crying out and jerking helplessly in the water, while Steve fucks him with his big, sure fingers.
He feels an itch under his skin, a prickle of warmth. They're happening more and more frequently now as his heat draws closer. It will surely only be another day or two.
. He wants to ask Tony questions – about his life, his interests – but whenever he questions Tony about those things, Tony clams up and gets nervous, afraid to open up. The last thing Steve wants to do right now is make Tony
"It's not much," Steve says, holding the bouquet out. "But I thought this might be able to say what I'm struggling so much with."
He moves slowly at first, pulling most of the way out before pushing back into that tight, slick channel. Tony moans, grinding the back of his head into the mattress as he shifts his hips.
"You're ridiculous," Natasha says, leaning back in her chair as she watches him run around the room like an idiot. She'd come to him 20 minutes ago, ostensibly just to watch him make a fool of himself.
, but he'd never been very good at the simpering, coy flirting that the Academy had tried to teach him. Sex is supposed to be
Tony wakes slowly, coming back to himself in stages. First he becomes aware of the sounds in the room — Steve's soft breathing, deep with sleep. There's a fire crackling in the fireplace, and children playing in the courtyard outside.
Steve keeps his arms wrapped around Tony's back, holding him close and letting Tony set their pace for now. His hole is tight and wet, and he's undulating sweetly over Steve's lap. He's hard, and his cock slides against Steve's belly as he moves over him. Steve leans in and mouths at his neck, pressing kisses across Tony's shoulders and chest and throat.
"Hey," Pepper says, and Tony's mood change must have showed on his face because she looks concerned now. "What's wrong?"
"I think – I'm quite tired," Tony says, wiping his mouth with a napkin and setting it aside. He hasn't touched his cake. "It's been a long day of travel, I should probably head to bed for the night."
It doesn't matter, of course. It's not something Tony will ever have see the light of day. But still – it's interesting to work on.
"I should… get going," Tony says. "I have… I told Pepper…" He struggles, unable to come up with a lie, when his wrist feels so cold, so exposed.
"Great. Come with me, I can show you around the castle, get you set up in your rooms. I'll send someone for your things." Wilson gestures toward the stairs, then begins climbing them, slowly so that Tony, Pepper and Rhodey can fall into step with him.
"The apothecary died," Steve says carefully. "While I was away at the war. I never got to – to thank him. He had only made the one potion, there wasn't anymore."
"He's a good spy, when he wants to be," she says. "He may not seem like it, but he picks up on a lot of little cues. He had you pegged right away, after all."
Some of the outer provinces apparently had more relaxed laws about Omega rights. As in, apparently sometimes Omegas
It's too soon, it's too fast, but Tony slinks back anyway, his slick hole so wet but so tight. He cries out but he doesn't stop moving, pushing back deliberately.
Steve opens the door to the garden, gesturing for Tony to go in first. It's still beautiful – bright and lush and full of beautiful flowers. They make their way down a row of roses, still not saying anything.
"Great," Tony says, taking a few halting steps toward the main gate. Steve doesn't reach out to stop him this time. "I'll see you for dinner tomorrow, then."
Tony nods once, then rushes out of the garden and back into the snowy yard of the palace, face still aflame.
"I grew up pretty sick," Steve finally says, keeping his tone light and gentle. "I was never well. I was a wisp of a thing, I could barely climb a flight of stairs. But I wanted to help with the war."
Tony thinks about the last day they'd spent in that garden, the day his heat had come. It had been the first time he'd really felt like he'd
"You must be the Prince," she says with a small bow of her head. "I don't believe we've had the pleasure."
"Come on," Steve grunts, teeth clenched with the effort of his thrusting. "Come for me, honey, you come on my cock and I'll give you my knot."
He slides out of bed and slips his robe on, wandering out into the main living space. Steve's there, at the table, reading over paperwork and drinking a cup of coffee of his own. He's by himself, so Tony could have forgone the robe, but he's not always alone, so Tony has learned to err on the side of caution.
"Tony, then," she says, taking a sip of her tea. Tony stares at his for another moment before he takes a drink – not because he has any particular desire for tea, but because it's in front of him and gives him something to do with his hands.
"It's going to be okay," Pepper says, pulling Tony out of his rushing, wild thoughts. "It really is, Tony."
But as soon as Howard had received Lord Steven's signed agreement, he'd taken away Tony's suppressants.
He busies himself with fixing their tea, then brings her a cup and saucer. He sets hers down in front of her, and takes his own to a chair, sitting down to face her. Part of him would rather be alone, if he's honest, to lick his wounds after the afternoon with Steve in the garden, but this is going to be his life, now, here in America. Being alone in his room. He'll wish for the company at some point, so he might as well have it now.
"Steve, hey," Sam answers, glancing up from what he's doing. "Didn't expect to see you tonight. Dinner go okay?"
"I remember," Tony murmurs, and Steve hates the little flash of hurt in his eyes, wonders how he'd missed it the first time.
"That's good," Tony says, at a loss. He has questions, but he can't ask them. "That he's kind to you."
It's their first kiss. Tony's lips are soft, plush, and silky. It's a slow kiss, and Steve tries to keep it gentle, though he can't help the tiny little groan that escapes him when Tony's tongue licks into his mouth. In one fluid motion, Tony manages to raise himself up, turn and straddle Steve's hips, deepening the kiss and wrapping his arms around Steve's neck.
Wilson smirks at him a little. "Steve told me to tell you he'll come down here to find you, and take you to dinner himself."
"I don't know what you said to him," she says, heading straight for his wardrobe and pulling out comfortable working clothes. They're still fine, as far as linens go, but not as fancy as his usual wear. "But whatever it was, it worked. He brought me the team this morning. Said you were to have whatever you needed for the aqueduct project. Men, tools, supplies. All of it."
"Knot me, knot me, knot me," Tony is chanting, and Steve pulls back before thrusting forward, harder and faster, again and again. Tony's breaths are coming out in desperate sobs, his hands grasping at the bedding.
Tony sighed, at how he failed to realize any of this, and at the reality of their situation. “That’s why I pushed you away. I thought I should put an end to this before either of us had the chance to hurt each other.”
Maybe the relief and joy he felt when he saw Steve, when he was in Steve’s arms, was just a reprieve.
He could hear the trepidation in the angel’s voice as he spoke. “What if… what if that’s what I want?”
“It’s not that I don’t like you,” Tony continued, trying to find the words. “I do like you. Very much.”
“So, you’ve been staring at me.” The man opened his mouth (a very attractive mouth, with what looked like super soft lips, Tony noted) to say something, but Tony cut him off. “I’ve been staring at you too. Seems like a mutual thing, so we should stop beating around the bush, yes?”
As much as Steve talked about how much Tony needed him, Steve needed Tony just as much. Centuries of not being able to talk to the person he cared for, especially after falling for him, had made the angel lonely, almost desperate for contact. Now that Steve finally had Tony in his arms, he wasn’t ready to let go. Tony knew that it was the same for himself too. After receiving so much attention and affection, his was hooked, knowing that it would be impossible to go back to his old life. They needed each other, and that was enough for Tony.
Steve looked at him, the fondness back in his eyes again. “I know, but I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, so-”
A few days later, Tony arrived at work to find a bouquet of flowers on his desk. Convinced that the flowers had been delivered wrongly, he carried the bouquet over to Bruce, sure that they were meant for him.
“I can’t give you an exact date, but I started having feelings for you about a hundred years after we first met. Maybe less than that. Nothing really changed until about a century ago, when my rut started getting more intense.” Steve moved to grip Tony’s hip. “I guess the wolf was finally tired of me pretending like I didn’t feel anything.”
"Yours," Tony sighed, thrusting his hips back again to meet Steve, whose movements became more erratic and abrupt, his breath punctuated with grunts and pants. Tony knew then how much of an effect he had on his new mate, understanding that Steve was just as much his and he was Steve’s.
However, it was the next gift that changed everything. Instead of a box or bouquet, Tony found a large envelope on his desk. Opening it up, inside was a beautiful sketch of the park nearby, with the trees in full bloom. This time, instead of another pickup line, there was a note that said: ‘Hope you like something more personal.’
He had said that light-heartedly, expecting the same response from Steve. But after seconds of silence, Tony glanced up, only to see a look on Steve’s face that he couldn't place. He wanted to say something, Tony could tell, so he waited, hoping he hadn’t said something wrong.
Reaching up, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, trying to pull him closer, only to feel Steve’s own hands reach up between them, resting on Tony’s torso. Before Tony could even process anything, Steve ripped his shirt clean off, the two pieces of fabric thrown onto the floor.
“Well, I don’t know how this place works, I only just got here.” Steve takes a sip of his drink, still as confused as ever.
She’s right. There has been a name that keeps tickling the back of Steve’s mind, a person that Steve’s been constantly thinking about since he got here, even when he was overwhelmed by this new environment. But with Peggy here, it seems wrong to admit it.
He knew Steve was close too, the blond’s movements becoming more irregular, the hand on his hip now gripping hard enough that there was sure to be bruises.
"I need your blood." Being told since he was young that werewolf blood tasted horrible, Tony had never given any thought about drinking Steve's blood before. But blood, especially supernatural blood, gave vampires strength and energy, strength that would hopefully help him survive the bite.
“Well, how about a new bet?” Natasha asked, a devious smile on her lips. “When do you think these two will get married?”
Tony’s knees buckled as he looked into Steve’s eyes, the bright blue now dark with lust and desire. To keep himself from falling, he lunged forward, lips meeting Steve’s once more. This time, Steve’s hands went to Tony’s ass, lifting him up until his legs were wrapped around his waist.
Tony had never thought Steve would be capable of dirty talk, so to hear those words come out of his mouth, Tony couldn't help but squirm, wanton and ready for Steve to be inside him again. "Then what are you waiting for? Fuck me already."
When he pulls back, he can’t help but stare at the man below him. Hair a mess, strands sticking to the beads of sweat on his forehead. Lips red and puffed up from the all the kissing, especially with the friction from the beard. Eyes dark with lust and pure need.
“I should have just called you,” Tony says as he finally looks up, and any fear that Steve has is washed away by the sight of those brown eyes. “Maybe if I did, things would have turned out differently.”
Luckily, the pain lasted only for a moment, immediately followed by a wave of calm washing over him, body relaxing into the mattress as he stopped fighting against the bite
It was Rhodey’s turn to roll his eyes. “Yeah well, whatever it is, next time, just tell him to bring you the damn beer himself. What kind of roundabout way is this?”
Waiting for the face painting session to be over, Tony headed over once the last child was done. As Steve was turned away, Tony sat down in the opposite chair.
So, Tony watched as this perfect specimen of a man played with the puppy, carrying it in his arms. Given instructions by the photographer, he started posing, and Tony was perfectly content just watching until Steve glanced over and they locked eyes.
“Tell me you want this.” Steve’s voice was low and husky, and Tony knew he should not have been as turned on by it as he was. “Because once we start, I won’t be able to stop.”
If someone had told Tony several years ago that Steve would be eating him out, Tony would have laughed it off, pretending that he didn’t have a sexual fantasy about it. Now, all Tony could do was grab onto the pillow closest to him, forehead pressed into it as Steve tongue-fucked him. Being a vampire, all his senses were heightened, and the fear and arousal that came from having a werewolf’s tongue inside him left Tony a moaning wreck.
Steve nodded, and Tony continued. “You were all in there for weeks, and you were there for almost a month. I was so worried, and that was just an injury! I can’t imagine what it would be like if you had actually…” He couldn’t say the word, but it was understood. “The same goes for you too. There are bad guys out there, who have guns, weapons, who do horrible things. It’s not often, but they still pop up every now and then. If something ever happens to me, I don’t want to put you through that.”
Those three words took Tony aback. In his centuries alive, he never would have thought that anyone would say that to him, much less a werewolf who was his best friend and now his mate. Those three words sent a whirlwind of emotions through him, but they were all good feelings, feelings that mirrored Steve’s own. Steve loved him, and Tony loved him back just as intensely and fiercely, loving him in a way that he never knew he was capable of.
She turns to Steve, hand coming up to rest on his knee. “And like you, I know I’ll get to see them again one day. I’ll just have to wait a while.”
Steve wants to say something, anything, but he’s too caught up. In his moment of hesitation, Tony speaks up. “How is everyone?”
“Yes?” Tony replied, still confused as to why Steve would stop in the middle of what they were doing to point out such an obvious thing. “Everybody in the department always gets one.”
Steve was flushed, partly from the exertion, partly from the embarrassment at this uncontrollable part of his biology. With a reassuring hand, Tony reached up, pushing the hair away from Steve’s face. “You feeling better now?”
The blond continued. “That day, during the photoshoot, I saw you staring, and the way you were looking at me, I just thought-”
“I shouldn’t hold you up any longer. The others are waiting.” The doctor points to the door closest to them. “Just go through there.”
A minute later, and Tony finally does. “He died in my arms, Steve. He could feel it happening. He was scared. He didn’t want to die. He even said he was sorry. And I couldn’t do anything. I just watched him die.”
So, despite everything telling him not to, Tony crouched down and reached a hand out. “Steve? It’s me! Don’t you know who I am?”
Tony closed his eyes, concentrating on the feeling of Steve’s huge cock in him, so full and so perfect, nothing like he had ever experienced before. It was almost unbelievable how good he felt, a feeling which only got better as Steve started moving, hands moving to Tony’s hips for better traction.
“Werewolves mate for life,” Steve reminded Tony. He knew what that meant. They were immortals. It meant for the rest of eternity.
Tony’s heart ached at the sound of Steve’s voice. He knew what Steve was talking about, but he couldn’t leave him to suffer through this alone.
“Yup!” Rhodey said proudly as he went around the room collecting money. “We made bets on when you two would finally get your heads out of your asses and get together.”
Then that smile slowly faded. “But before that, I wasn’t sure. I mean, look at us. Our kinds have been enemies for eons. It took me a long time to get over that, and an even longer time to accept my feelings.”
“You need to get out, before I-” Steve stopped, taking a deep breath. “I refuse to force you into such a thing. There’s a horrible word for such an act, and I would never forgive myself if I did that to you. So please,
Soon after, with one final thrust, Steve went over the edge, coming deep inside the demon below him. Tony moaned as the sudden heat filled him, the tingling sensation now sparks, creating waves of intense, pure energy that pulsed through him. This was enough to send Tony over as well, coming so hard that he felt light-headed.
“You found your mate?” Tony asked, trying his best to pretend he didn’t feel a pang of jealousy and disappointment. “That’s… That’s great! Who is it? Have you done anything yet?”
Not that he minded; Tony really did like the drawings. They were well done and incredibly detailed, with the subjects ranging from the city skyline to a stray cat and its kittens. If he was being honest, it did feel a little stalker-y, and as a detective, he should have tracked down who this person was, but every time he tried, one of the others would just stop him, which only made him all the more suspicious.
But now, in this new, unknown place and time, Steve believes he has a chance to start over, that both him and Tony have a chance to start their relationship anew.
“Bruce told me to call, but I hesitated because…” Tony shuts his eyes, trying to suppress the bad memories. “Because of what happened.”
Tony felt the head of Steve's cock enter him, and that alone was so intense that Tony involuntarily stuck a hand out to grab Steve's arm.
He was so focused on this that he didn’t even notice that Steve had stepped out of the shower until he was coming up behind him, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist, pressing a kiss to his shoulder. “What are you doing?”
“I've missed you too,” Tony said before pulling him in for a kiss. Once their lips touched, it was like a spark ignited inside him, and Tony wondered why he had pushed Steve away, why he wasted all that time when they could have been like this from the start.
By the time Steve pushed in another finger, Tony was nearing his limit, wondering why Steve hadn't reached his. "Come on, Steve. What’s taking so long? I’m ready." The whine that left his mouth was so needy that Tony blushed at how desperate he sounded.
Lifting both his hands, Tony holds the sides of Steve’s face and pulls him in for a kiss, only this time, he lets it deepen. Tony takes his time to savour the feeling, because if their days together are numbered, he’s going to enjoy every last second of it, Fate be damned.
Then, immense pleasure, pleasure that wasn't just his, but Steve's too, combining and blending with Tony's to create a sensation so intense that it overwhelmed all of his senses.
“I always have it with me. Keep it charged too.” Then, Tony looks away as he says. “I read your messages. I don’t reply them, but… I do read them.”
Coming down from his high, he feels Tony’s hand against his face, brushing the hair out from his eyes. He reaches up to hold that hand, turning to press a kiss to the palm. And finally, Tony smiles at him. A small, but genuine, smile.
Thor is standing at the other end of the room, waving his axe around as he argues a point. It’s been even longer since he last saw Thor, and if it isn’t for his size and height, he would be unrecognizable with his shorter hair. He has a scar across his right eye, now a different colour from the blue of the other. It’s not just the appearance, but he can see that the god has suffered a great deal more than most in the room.
Maybe it’s the lighting, the way the setting sun casts everything in a golden hue. Maybe it’s the fact that they haven’t seen each other in two years and he’s missed him every single day. Maybe it’s the beard. He doesn’t know why, but he has never felt more attracted to Steve.
Laughing, Steve pulls away, sniffling as he holds back the tears, noticing that Tony’s eyes are glossed over with tears as well.
In that moment, Steve finally understands how far gone he is for this man. When people started turning to dust, there was nothing that could describe how scared he was when he thought about Tony, how immense the guilt and regret was that filled him. Then he saw Tony alive, and he almost died from relief. Tony was still here, alive in his arms. He almost couldn’t believe it. Even now, with Tony naked and hard under him, he still thinks he’s dreaming.
