Finally, the heaving stopped, and Sherlock was moaning quietly, apparently desperate to close his eyes.
“Just tell him you’re sorry next time you see him, “he said with a fond smile and a nudge against his arm as he pushed his empty bowl away and started digging into his lemon meringue pie with gusto. “It’ll be a whole week until you see him again. He’ll have forgotten all about it, and then you can start anew. Seriously, John, with your irresistible charms, I’m sure you’ll manage to persuade him to give you another chance.” He winked at John playfully.
He closed his eyes and tried to make that funny queasy feeling in his stomach go away. What was wrong with him?
“I don’t know. Soon I think.” John hoped. He was concerned and although he wanted his friend to get his rest and sleep off the drug’s effects, he wanted his talking, vivid Sherlock back. The restless, fast-talking, annoying Sherlock he knew and well, had gotten used to. He had accepted Sherlock’s difficult personality a long time ago and had to admit that he had grown to appreciate it. It was annoying, yes, but it was funny too. It was hilarious to observe how Sherlock reduced almost every client into a stuttering, embarrassed mess after he had deducted everything important - and unimportant - there was to know about them.
“What’s wrong with the brothels in town, Sebastian?” Scott asked heatedly, as he pulled himself free with a quick twist of his arm, “too expensive for you?”
Flexing his fingers nervously, he mustered up his courage, took the last few steps up, and opened the door tentatively.
Usually London taxi drivers could be relied upon to drive a little faster than usual, but today he had to be in the car of London’s most assiduous driver.
“Oh, please.” Sherlock looked at his older brother with raised eyebrows. “Since when are you interested in my health? There’s something you need from me, so spit it out.”
“Please. John, please.” Sherlock looked so weary all of a sudden, so exhausted and John swallowed down the heavy lump in his throat, his hands hanging mid-air in the space between them, already desperate to reconnect, to re-establish physical contact with the man in front of him. But he didn’t want to pressure him, so he nodded at last, and Sherlock closed his eyes in gratitude.
“Oh?” John was surprised. “He hadn’t known Sherlock preferred particular pillows. “Alright, I guess? But hurry, you’ll be missing out on the police catching that guy.”
He bit his tongue and banned all thoughts from his mind, finally succeeding. After five more minutes, he had taken photographs of everything important. He quickly gathered all the documents and put them back into the safe. Now he only had to get out of here and the case was as good as solved. He sighed. Oh, how he wished it had been a bit more of a challenge, but
Then he sprang into action. He jabbed his elbow sideways into Charles’ face with vicious force, taking him by surprise. The motion was enough to undo his already loosened bonds completely. His hands now free, he jumped up and landed a hard punch to Charles’ temple before he could recover, thus knocking him out completely. Swiftly, he turned towards Billy who had leaned down to recover his gun but before he could point it at John, John slapped it out of his hand, where it landed in the water. With an angry howl, Billy threw himself at John, but John caught him by the arms and twisted them behind his back, using the momentum to get behind the other man. Billy struggled against him, roaring angrily, but John knew what he was doing. He snaked his arms around the taller man’s neck and pressed, cutting off his air supply in a merciless chokehold. After a few seconds, the man went slack in his arms.
They did. Before they parted ways, Molly hugged him, the sweet scent of vanilla more noticeable to him in their sudden closeness.
Greg thought for a moment. “Well, yes could be. We don’t really know Sherlock’s been kidnapped, maybe he was just robbed. They could still be nearby.”
Sherlock drank the rest of the water and pressed his fingers into his eyes. “So, do I remember correctly? Mycroft will be here soon?”
Mike seemed reluctant but after another look from John, he shrugged and walked towards the cafeteria, knowing that there was no way to dissuade his stubborn Alpha friend from what he wanted to do.
“Am I interrupting something?” It was Mycroft, umbrella in his hand, looking impeccable as ever in a three-piece beige suit, eyebrows raised at the spectacle in front of him.
But John had seen who had caused the microscope to fall down: it had been Sebastian who had shoved the expensive tool from the table as he passed it, then quickly had stepped around Mason, away from the destroyed instrument on the ground. It was Scott who was standing directly in front of the microscope now, staring at it with wide eyes and parted lips, as if trying to comprehend what just had happened.
“Hold on, hold on, “she laughed, holding up the palms of both her hands. “You have a lot of questions.”
“Yes, I know. She bore him two healthy twin sons. Both of them Alpha. But she was never the same afterward. She is in a mental institution now. He broke the bond with her and lives with a new wife now, a Beta, as well as the boys. He has all he wanted from her. I visit her from time to time, but she doesn’t talk much, and … I’ve got to admit, it’s depressing, so I don’t go as often as I should.”
Puzzled, Sherlock followed him. Outside, Mycroft waited patiently for his brother to unlock the door to 221B, his face back to its stoic frown. As soon as they had stepped into the hallway, Mrs. Hudson poked her head out of her apartment.
“What? Because I look like a freak?” Suddenly Scott was right in his face and John’s eyes widened as his scent glands were suddenly overwhelmed by the heady scent of anger and fear. At the same time, he was almost mesmerized by the wide bright eyes, suddenly so close. They were sparkling dangerously with defensive fury and he could practically feel his mouth turning dry.
The man holding him groaned at the sound. “You’re already making such beautiful noises, darling. I can hardly control myself here. Let’s go.”
He wanted to scream, he wanted to throw his phone out the window, he wanted to howl at the injustice of it all…
Something was really wrong Sherlock thought as he tried to fight his way once again through the crowd. His vision was unclear, and he was having trouble figuring out which way to go. People were just blurry shapes and the room was somehow spinning.
“Now now, no need to wet your trousers. If you’ve studied hard and that’s what I assume when you’re sitting here, all aspiring to work in the challenging medical profession in one way or another, you won’t have any problems with this. So let’s begin.”
But for some reason, Sherlock had decided to treat John differently. They had clicked from the start and soon, Sherlock had even called him his friend. It had been stupid of John to doubt that. Sherlock had declared it out in the open, it hadn’t been a lie.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Of course, you idiot.” The corners of his lips twitched upwards, just a tiny bit and there was the old him back again for a moment, the condescending, arrogant bastard he used to be. They grinned at each other, relieved at the reprieve from the taxing conversation.
“You have no right to make such assumptions about me! I don’t believe how you could think that of me!”
As strange as it had been to admit to himself, he was practically living in a sort of relationship with his best friend – completely platonic of course. The amount of time they spent together, the jokes they shared, their almost creepy telepathic capability to read each other’s minds… their chemistry was something special and he wouldn’t miss it for the world. The truth was he loved working with Sherlock, he loved being his best friend and he was happy they had met.
After shifting on the couch a little more, he finally put his cup down and raised his head to meet John’s gaze nervously. He still seemed uncertain what words to choose and John could almost see the cogs turning in his head as he helplessly tried to form a sentence.
Sherlock was glad that he had finally told John so many things last night. He had seen the relief and gratitude in John’s eyes when he had told him the truth about his fears and anxieties when John had been in prison. It had been very evident that John had needed to hear that, quite desperately so. Sherlock had owed it to him to tell him and he had been equally thankful that John had been honest with him as well.
The conversation had been very strange, and Sherlock saw the confusion in his own eyes, saw the wheels turning inside his head as he suddenly came to the realization that John seemed to have just shown his interest in him. He had tried to explain to him that he was married to his work and John had replied that he didn’t mean it like that, and things had been a little uncomfortable after that, even Sherlock had sensed it.
Apart from the aggressiveness towards Sherlock’s attackers, John had also shown aggressiveness towards him, though.
“Goodnight Sherlock, “John said with a hesitant smile as Sherlock approached his bedroom. “Sleep well. Please call me if anything’s wrong. I’ll sleep on the sofa.”
But at the end of that first day, John found himself returning to his room with a churning stomach, and he lay down on his bed, a feeling of gloom and disappointment descending down on him. The unusual feeling of discontent at the very first day of Uni left him in a state of nervous uneasiness and he pulled his wireless headphones over his ears, trying to drown out his thoughts in random Punk music and succeeding to do so half-way.
John noticed Sherlock smiling to himself as if he found that very funny, but he didn’t comment on that.
Surely, it meant that John was going to leave him, after being released from prison. If he got relieved from prison.
John and Mike looked at each other in mutual understanding, coming to a companionable agreement regarding their future in this course. Both of them were determined to pass the class. Mike was incredibly intelligent and always belonged to the best students in most of his classes. John could see that Mike felt as challenged and determined in this matter as he was and felt a surge of affection for his best friend. They would doubtlessly spend endless hours in the library and the lab, studying for this class, aiming to not only pass the class but also
He then raised his head a little to take in his surroundings, biting his tongue when the pain flared up once again. Right in front of him stood a woman. She was tall, slim and attractive, wearing a very expensive-looking black ensemble of a blouse, blazer and a very short skirt –
“I’m sorry, “he said quietly, and his shoulders slumped down as he forced his body to relax. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to yell at you, Sherlock. I’m getting it all wrong.”
John was relieved by the silence again and sat next to Sherlock. He checked his pulse and was relieved when it showed a steady heartbeat. Sherlock had stopped sweating so profusely a few hours ago, his hair now lay languidly around his face without its usual luster. He looked much younger now than he was. He was pale and his cheekbones stood out even more than usual. His split lip and bruised cheek made him look fragile and small. John raised his hand to Sherlock’s temple to brush away a curl there and chuckled to himself when he realized his movement was mirroring Mycroft’s from moments before. They were alike in their concern for the brilliant man lying before him. He was both of the men’s weakness.
John still sat there, stunned at the feast in front of him, and Greg shook his head as he turned away.
John nodded at Greg who nodded back and scooted to the other side of the room, gun raised. Now with both sides covered, they slowly proceeded forward, as the voices were growing louder.
So, he nodded as he swallowed another lump in his throat down. “Alright, Sherlock. If you say you’re alright, I believe you of course.” He didn’t believe him, but his friend needed him to say the words.
He was only seconds from bursting into Sherlock’s room out of sheer anxiety when suddenly the door opened and Mycroft stepped outside, his face slightly flushed, and triumph very visible in his wide smile. John glanced inside the bedroom and saw Sherlock sitting on his bed, his shoulders slumped down, looking defeated.
John stared at him for a second then he shrugged. “I guess you’re right.” He started to pack his things together, making his bed without thinking, because he was so used to it. Then another thought entered his mind.
“Don’t play dumb with me, “he hissed, trying and failing to keep his voice calm. “You know very well what I’m talking about.”
The green-blue eyes opened, just barely and there was an almost indiscernible nod of the head. “Y-yes.”
“N-no “Sherlock whispered, tears glistening in his eyes because of the humiliating helplessness he was experiencing. He wanted to get away from this man. He wanted to be strong enough to punch him, to hurt him. He wanted John to be there. God, he
He spent some time going through his last three or four cases. He deleted quite a lot and that was very satisfactory. But after a while, he was finished, and he was still reluctant to leave. He didn’t want to go back, there was nothing of interest there for him at the moment. Let Mycroft sort things out for himself, he would stay a little while longer. He still wasn’t as calm as he should be.
“John. She’s not worth it, stop it.” Greg said in a surprisingly kind and patient tone. “Look after Sherlock, he needs you now.”
It was dark but there was a light at the end of the floor, indicating that someone was indeed here. John took a deep breath and made his way up the corridor, Greg right behind him.
“Of course I have to.” That’s all that needed to be said. John turned to the doctor who gave him a look of gratefulness.
He took a few steps backwards away from John. “Who do you think I am? A weak-minded imbecile, going all giddy and pliant when you push out your superior Alpha pheromones on me, making me bat my eyes at you, perhaps even spread my legs for you? I’m not some mindless Omega begging for your knot, for God’s sake. Sorry to disappoint you!”
The open surprise on John’s face made his heart clench in his chest, and he quickly turned around and got off the bed. He opened his wardrobe and searched for some clean trousers and a shirt, glad that his suddenly hot face was hidden away from John’s attentive gaze.
But this...this felt different. Before, the needs of his body used to manifest themselves in unprompted erections after catching a few hours of dreamless sleep. It didn’t mean anything, it was just something that his body did, not something he wanted. This time the needs of his transport were directly connected to someone. Waking up to John pressed up against him had awakened something deep within him and he found himself aching with need. His eyes opened wide, as he stood there underneath the shower spray, his brain begging him to just do it.
Once they were tucked in tightly underneath the sheets, he pressed Sherlock against himself and started to stroke his back soothingly, muttering stupid little nothings directly into Sherlock’s ear where the man was curled underneath his chin, praising him for how good he was and how well he was letting John take care of him.
He jumped to his feet, sprinted down the stairway, back to the main corridor. He almost stumbled over his own feet and the high-pitched noise was not in his ears but in his whole mind, deafening everything else. It was terrifying. He hastily slid down the stairs and found himself back in the foyer at last.
“I said sit down!” Magnussen thundered and Scott flinched visibly. Magnussen’s cold blue eyes pierced into the young student who stared back at him and John could see his thin shoulders heaving, could hear the rapid, shallow breaths coming from his mouth. The scent of burned apples was even stronger now and he could not deny that it affected him.
John waited until the other soldiers left before leaning back in his seat, regarding Sebastian for a while. “We’ve been here for a while. You and I the longest, I think.”John nodded.
“What you give me?”He gasped up at the men, only to be met with a swift kick to the gut. Sebastian gasped for air, curling up as the men left, shutting the door behind them.
Sebastian's mind reeled again. It was dangerous, this man was dangerous. A trap! He couldn't escape this one...had to plan carefully...He had to...
John nodded a bit, waiting for Sherlock to catch up before continuing their walk. “Why hadn’t you considered it before? Not important?” John asked.
He set down his cup, tilting his head at the scrape of ceramic on wood, wondering if he had chipped the mug for a moment. John looked back to Sherlock and smiled at the glow around him. Sherlock looked annoyed, which only caused John to smile a bit more.
“There yah are.” Sebastian said, almost snorting. He lights a cigarette, taking a long drag, blowing the smoke to one side, glad Jim finally let it out. “What yah want me to do?” He asked, looking to Jim.
Sebastian twisted in his chains, grunting softly as he rolled onto his back, staring up at the ceiling of the muddy shack he was in. Iron bars, sturdy walls. Not that it mattered...he couldn't move if he wanted to. His leg was shot to hell; but thank god for his doctor...Sebastian smiled at the thought of John, making his tea in the tent. The way the man light up at the smell of warm milk and sugar mixed in with some Earl Grey. The doctor and his domestic habits. Sebastian smiled a bit more, then grunted in pain as he shifted.
His eyes snapped up to a man who approached him, the soldier's fingers worked their way around the trigger of the empty gun, watching him carefully.
Sherlock just smiled, cleaning John up gently, being careful. John mewled at the over sensitive skin that was being rubbed by the wash cloth. “Shh...its okay...”Sherlock said gently.
“I did. Do you?”John asked, pausing as he looked back up at those stormy eyes. The detective shook his head, parting his lips slightly. John just smiles softly as he return to press kisses over his skin.
“You saw bombs hit around me. No one found a body. No one looked for me.” Sebastian said evenly. “I was tortured, you know.” He said, inhaling another drag from his smoke.
The body crumpled to the ground before Sebastian lowered his hand, sighing. “Well…”He shrugged, slipping the safety back on the gun, before looking down at Jim.  Jim turned to him, taking the gun.
“The gun.”Sebastian handed John's gun to Moriarty before stepping back. Sebastian looked to John and left, heading up to his perch, gun at the ready. Just needed one...the rest were laser pointers. He  waited.
“Doc, yah betcha the sand spiders get into me pants on purpose?” Sebastian asked suddenly, looking up with his bright blue eyes.
“Aren't you just precious?” The cold man said with a soft purr. “Poor you...Now...I'm giving you a choice.”He said, stepping closer to Sebastian. “Me, or the guns out there, beyond these...muddy walls.” The man sneered at the shack around him.
Sebastian flicked his tongue over his cut lip and started to chuckle. “What makes yah think I din’t allow it?” He snickered, turning his head up to look at the man. “God, yer foked.”
Sherlock held John for a while longer, letting the smaller man settle and relax. He didn’t mind the affection and closeness from John. Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling the warmth of the sun slide over his back and up over his shoulder. The calm was broken by the loud beeping of John’s alarm clock, causing the doctor to groan and roll over to hit the off button. Sherlock let John go as he rose from the bed to go shower and shave. He listens to the water run as he stared up at the ceiling. His mind seemed keenly interested in everything that was John…He found he didn’t mind that he never left the room labelled “John Hamish Watson” in his mind palace when the captain was around. John would always come first…Sherlock found it to be a way to centre himself after a case. John’s annoyed sighs and wrinkled nose after Sherlock did something he didn’t approve of were some of Sherlock’s favourite expressions.
Sebastian’s eyes swept over the boys that entered the tent; John noted the soft smile the sniper gave them before returning to the up-keep of his gun. John was keeping up the logs for the day. Food, supplies, daily report of what needed to be done and what had been done. Down time, the few moments he had in the day, had been dedicated to the logs…Only thing John really had to separate himself from the war.
The tired hum that came from John, seemed on que as he sipped his coffee. His stance was relaxed, not fully alert, resting his weight all on one foot. Sherlock watched him, following the weary hand up to the half-hearted rub at his left eye. Thin lines drew from the corners of John’s eyes as he yawned. Rosie must have kept him up last night. John was increasingly tired with the one year old becoming more and more active. Sherlock noted that John didn’t wear his ring any more…there was barely a tan line from where it once sat. He knew John kept it…in a small box on his bedside table, in 221B, Baker Street…but never at his own flat. Sherlock didn’t quite understand why, but never brought it up. He didn’t dare…not unless John did so first.
Clean sharp, slow steps approached them, causing the man to turn, gasping. Fear bloomed across his face as he stepped back. “N…How?” He asked.
The light spilled over John’s right shoulder, splashing down his chest and over the right side of his face. His hair looked so much lighter and softer like this. His face was tilted to one side, resting upon his left shoulder. Sherlock frowned, taking in John’s face. It looked far older, worn, troubled even. A look Sherlock didn’t care for in the slightest.
A sharp hiss of a bomb crashing down, followed by a deafening explosion spat sand all over him. John gasped, eyes wide as he covered Sebastian, hunching over him. “Stay with me.”He hissed at Sebastian. “I’m going to get you home.”
“Easy Tiger…”James whispered into his ear. “Go on…”He encouraged him. Sebastian nodded a little as he thrusts into Jim slowly, acutely aware of James behind him. Jim moaned loudly beneath him, letting Sebastian refocus on the pale body beneath him.
“You let that bastard mark you.” James said in a sour tone, crossing over to Sebastian, gripping his hair and tilted his head back. Sebastian swallows hard and nods slightly at him. James tutted softly as Jim came over, running a hand over his back.
Cold and wet. Iron biting into his wrists and the pain. The pain told Sebastian he was very much alive. He could do this. Where ever he was he could make it. He had to make it. For John...for Jones, for Morris...Poor Morris...
The sniper swallowed hard, forgetting the cigarette in between his fingers, watching Jim go. He dropped the smoke, following the mad Irish man to a waiting car.
Sherlock tilted his head in consideration. “It is important, just seeing it in a new light. It just took me awhile to puzzle it together.”
Again, I am terribly sorry for not updating as much as I wanted. Between getting a 40K dissertation done about the Transformative properties of Fairy Stories into Ghost Stories in Shetland, I also moved into a cheaper flat. And became a Beekeeper. And entering into PhD.
The doctor stood with a chuckle, going to Sherlock, taking the cup from his hands, lacing his fingers with his  after setting the cup down. He leaned down and kissed him gently. “Sherlock...You are a silly billy.”
“..Hn...f-...Fine.”John gasped as he relaxed, or tried to. He wasn't use to this...Sherlock was right, he was a top...However, Sherlock needed this. John could do this for him.
The soldier’s Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard, shaking from effort to stay up and not collapse on Jim. James smiled against the abused skin, letting him go as he shoved his hips roughly into Sebastian. The soldier cried out, struggling to stay up. He let James control the pace, unable to contribute more than the occasional grunt of pleasure as James brushed over his prostate.
John gave a shaky laugh, then shook his head. “I should have tried harder…” He mumbled. “Just…don’t know what.”
“Somethin’ the matter?” John asked, fixing his tie around his neck. Sherlock shook his head a little.
The irons around his wrist had been removed as they had started to rub sores into his skin. Mercy, perhaps...Sebastian's mind struggled to keep his routine. It was always the same. De-assemble his gun, clean it, reassemble, put away. Go for a walk in Hyde Park, avoid the geese, go watch the changing of the guards. Go to Soho, take the Oxford Circus stop. A bit of a walk, worth it. See the graffiti near the sex shop, some of the best graffiti in the city. Keep going straight...stop to watch the moving clock...Then...?
Sherlock pressed in, gasping softly as his hips joined Johns, shivering above him. John moaned softly, squirming to get comfortable, whimpering at the detective above him. A shaky hand found his before those bony hips pulled back and rolled forward again. John's body jerked upwards as his brow knitted together slightly.
The sniper had headed out to a job Jim wanted him to do, simple. Put a vest on the person  in the  shower room and wait up in the rafters. Sebastian walked quietly over the pool tiles, hosting his explosive vest under his arm. He pulled the curtain aside and froze. His hardened eyes flickered with light.
John scoffed, shaking his head. “I don't have anyone like that.”He said, going back to the glass, cleaning it up properly.
John gave the soldier a quick patch job before handing him off to the camp doctors, and rushed back to the guns, bombs, and yelling. Field Doctor at his finest.
“Cover me!”He yelled to Sebastian as he seemed to materialize beside him. The sniper nodded, laying down cover fire as Captain Watson picked Jones up and dragged him out of line of fire.
Sebastian shook as he stared at the ground. Someone had to be looking for him...all he could hope for with a bum leg...
His mind reeled at the thought as he tried to jerk away, only to get another burn to his chest. Tossed to the horrible dirty floor, the rest of his uniform shirt was taken and held down. He growled.
Months had past. Sebastian had readjusted to London with Jim's help. The wounds healed over in time and eventually the soldier had returned to gun training, focusing his skills. Sebastian's teachings came from the Gospel of Jim and soon, the boy from South England was now the Ghost of London. Forgotten, dangerous, shaped and broken over and over...All for Jim. Sebastian had a stubble of a beard, hair neat and combed, clothes clean and pressed. Jim wouldn't have it any other way...Sebastian didn't want to have it any other way. Jim was order and chaos...and all of it was beautiful and deadly.
John smiled as he traced over the moles on Sherlock's side. He would have to watch one of them...His addled doctor mind reached up to warn him about the mole, before John quietly pushed it to one side.  John nudged Sherlock to his side, running a hand  along his backside. He kissed him again, stroking over the pale firm ass that Sherlock had. He smiled a bit, having had admired that ass in those neat little pants he always wore.  Sherlock grunted softly curling up slightly, closing his eyes as he let John explore him. The doctor smiled softly, tugged the pants away from Sherlock's body, tossing them to the floor. Healthy...Half erect...John smiled.
“Work. Reading things.”Sherlock said. John rolled his eyes. “...John. I can't do it on mine, they'll trace it back to me.”
Sherlock shook his head, and regretted it as the world spun around him. “N-No…no…You didn’t know, John. No one…knew.”
“F-Fuc-OH!” John cried out as the lust in him spilled over into Sherlock's hand, bucking up into him as Sherlock slammed his hips against him. The orgasm was dragged out of him as Sherlock rolled his body against John's, hosting a leg over a shoulder, rutting harder into him. John gasped, crying out as Sherlock spilled into him. They cried out together, John whimpering, letting Sherlock milk himself in him, shuddering to a slow stop.
Sebastian saw the man...he had a gun...It was just...too god-damn perfect. A raged scream came from Sebastian as he tackled the man, taking the food tray and bashed his head in with it. He kept hitting the man's head until he heard footsteps rushing towards him. Sebastian didn't think as he grabbed the gun from the now dead man and fired at who ever was coming at him. The sound of the gun was music to his ears. The Soldier screamed as he mowed anyone who came into view, emptying the clip.
The sniper frowned as he thought about why he was there. Someone had planned this attack...that much was obvious now he looked back at it. Captured four soldiers. Two snipers, a boulder for a man, and an intelligence man. Sebastian frowned. Key players on a field of battle? Maybe...They had taken out the Captain...he would have been more useful to them in the long run...knew more. Sebastian turned his head to the door, having heard footsteps. He frowned as a key scrapped the lock somewhere down the hall and door was yanked open. It rattled and protested slightly under the force. The soldier heard the crack of a whip and a sharp cry.
They sat in a comfortable silence for a while, John finishing his tea, Sebastian relaxing in his down time. It was nice while it lasted.
“I thought he was dead, Sherlock.” John mumbled into his chest. “I did…I really did. All the reports told me he was…I…I told his friends back home…”He shivered as Sherlock felt warm tears hit his skin.
John’s body jerked forward as his eyes widened in pain. It bloomed cruelly from his shoulder as shock took over quickly and abruptly. John fell in the sand beside Sebastian, cursing loudly.
John groaned softly, curling up when Sherlock was done.  He listened to him leave the room, heading downstairs. The plumbing rattled as Sherlock turned the water on to clean the cloth, then turned the water off. John smiled as the stairs creaked as he came back up to sit beside him. The bed dipped next to John as the covers were pulled up around him gently. John rolled over and cuddled up to the wonderfully naked broad chest. He was glad Sherlock had a somewhat smooth chest. John stroked over the cooling skin and looked up at Sherlock, kissing his chin. Sherlock smiled softly, shifting to set the laptop on the night table next to him. John squinted.
John regarded Sherlock for a moment. “I see. Mary told me this much…I should have believed her a bit more. You and her…Brilliant the both of you. Seeing me and beyond…I wonder how I’ve gotten so lucky in life.” John smiled thoughtfully, a twinge of sadness sat in his eyes for a moment.
Jim watched him a bit and nodded. He looked to the man and smiles ever so softly. “He’s right, you know. My little ducky is always right.”
John blinked, coming back to reality. “Spiders? The camel spiders? No…well…maybe.” John shrugged. “Shouldn’t mess with them, now should you?”His fingers scraped over the two day old beard that had been growing. He would need to shave soon...when he had time.
Captain John Watson likes Sebastian Moran. The cocky young sharp-shooter had a mouth and an attitude to match. But damn, was the man loyal and proud. John often liked taking tea with Sebastian when they had a chance among the sand, death, and heat. Sebastian knew how to make the horrors of war softer, mellow even…his humour and wit was something the boys liked at night…he kept moral up with his sharp tongue. John didn’t mind him helping in the medical tent when hands were short, and he needed cooler heads to prevail. Sebastian was a wonderful, bright young man, with a future before him. John had admired him.
“...John.”Sherlock's voice was soft and low. The detective might not have been able to understand the doctor's pain, but he understood when to comfort him after such nightmares. The really bad ones always where shaped to rattle John to his very core, and Sherlock always brought him back safely.
Sherlock followed him back, sitting across from him, not drinking his tea. “...Once or twice. I've had sex once or twice. It was...more experimental.”
Panting, the sniper fell to his knees, covered in blood spray from the man with the food tray lodged in his head. He gasped, staring at the bodies on the floor, shivering. It wasn't out of fear, or anger...but excitement...felt...good.
Sebastian couldn't hold out any longer...he had to breath. He swallowed the pills, and was abruptly let got. He wheezed, gasping on the floor, curling up a bit.
So its been a very long….long time. And I’m sorry. But here it is, at long last, Chapter Nine. Life got in the way a bit, meaning Im doing my second Master’s, via research, and now settling in to take on a PhD. So…please forgive my tardiness and please enjoy.
On his dresser sat the rock with the words “I like the blog, Captian. I liked when I died.” scrawled across it.
“Its you.”Sherlock rumbled softly. “The scar...its you...mine...something I can see, no one else can.”He murmured. “My doctor.”
“We have to stop Sebastian and Moriarty. I know. We will.” John muttered, his tone a bit hard. “That’s not the Sebastian I knew…I don’t think I can save him, no matter how hard I try. The doctor in me won’t work this time, I’m afraid. I can’t be compassionate about this…he’s hurt innocent people…I’ve…”He shook his head falling silent.
A scoff came from the younger man as John kissed him again. “Really John.” He protested at the name calling. He huffed as John laughed, relaxing again. His mind settled, letting himself be kissed by this brilliant, un-dull man before him. The man who killed for him. Sherlock smiled softly, letting John tease a hand through his hair. Sherlock hummed, closing his eyes, pressing his head into John's chest, enjoying the smell of tea, sweat, disinfectant, and gunpowder that came off of him.
Neat little ending for you? Maybe a bit...maybe. Anyways. Thank you again. If its your birthday, happy birthday.
Sebastian knelt down beside the sleeping doctor, settling his hands on his knees. He tilted his head a bit, taking him in. Jim's men had taken the doctor off the streets with ease, drugging him. Easier to move a knocked out man, then a devil with a gun. What a beautiful present...A sleeping John, in a silly cardigan. The sniper smiled a little, reaching over to run his calloused hand over the fabric. Everything about this was...John. His captain and the broken promise. Sebastian reached up to John's hair, teasing his fingers into the ageing blond hair, before gripping it and yanked John's head up slightly. His other hand traced over those soft lip, taking in the details. He thought he would never see John again...Jim was a beautiful man.
Sherlock hummed softly as John came over and kissed his temple gently before heading out. Sentiment…John had enough for the both of them.
Sebastian gasped softly as the man pulled away and settled back into place. Sebastian trailed his eyes over the lean dark haired man.
“Shh...I've got you.”Sherlock stroked over  John's body.  “Shh...”He was being strangely tentative to John. The doctor didn't mind...just found it strange, out of character for the detective. John nodded as he relaxed.
He stared at the door as it opened. Something primal rose in Sebastian as he stood. Leg healed and good as new. The pills had been antibiotics he discovered after managed to puking one up. Someone was looking after him, and he had doubted it was his captors.
“Look how…hurt he is, Sherlly. Your John. My, my…Sebastian hasn’t even come to see him yet.” Jim hummed, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hair.
John panted, slumping into the bed a bit with Sherlock leaning over him, supporting himself with his hands on ether side of John's head.  Sherlock's head hung low as he closed his eyes, panting. John moaned softly, shivering as he curled up slightly, letting Sherlock's softening cock fall out of him.
Sherlock had finished talking about his experimental sex, allowing John to clear his throat to speak.
Jim loved it, found the vest to be one of Sebastian's greatest gifts to him. The sniper shifted John lightly up against him, tugging off the jacket around the doctor's broad shoulders and pulled the vest on, strapping it tightly around him. Sebastian moved the brown coat to him and set it to one side, then propped John up against the shower wall. Jim came over and reached down to Sebastian, tracing his fingers over his hair.
“Won't you be a surprise?” Jim murmured softly, pulling Sebastian up and kissed him lightly on the cheek.  Sebastian leaned into the touch slightly, nuzzling him gently.
“Well…better with someone I know on an intimate level.” Sherlock smiled for a moment, his heart racing. Surely the man in front of him wasn’t actually agreeing to this. John the jumper wearing, unassuming, tea making, street brawler, Doctor wasn’t agreeing to him…to moving back…to everything.
Sebastian  slowly recovered, thanking all the stars he wasn't dead. He shivered where he had been dropped. He curled up the best he could. Sebastian's rational mind told him to sleep. The chains around his wrists rattled as he moved slightly. Sleep sounded great...
“Do you want to see a show?” Jim breathed into his ear. “Because I think you’d like this one…you’ll be utterly FASCINATED!” Jim barked the last word at him, causing Sherlock to hiss in pain, eye closing.
His senses were utterly over whelmed from pain now. Whatever the drug had been in the syringe was making his mind not function. Sherlock hated it; he needed to breath!
“Yah ruined your suit.” Sebastian said, hosting the bag up on his shoulder. Jim gave him a look, glaring. Sebastian fell silent, waiting for Jim to let his seething take the better of him.
The distant sound of POP! POP! POP! Came from the east. Enemy was engaging one of their groups…John felt antsy, needing to get to them. They could be hurt…he needed to get there. He shouted orders and lead an Alpha group in. First in to provide covering fire.
Another whistle of a bomb came through the air as Sebastian caught John’s eyes. John didn’t see fear or anger, but acceptance. Sebastian Moran accepted his death right there and then.
John rolled his eyes a bit as he waited, finishing his coffee. He glanced around for the ever rare trash bin, before ducking in the Tesco to ask if he could bin his coffee cup. The cashier took it and tossed it for him.
Sebastian hissed, gasping as another hand brushed over his now sensitive nipple. “Hn…Jim…James…As much as I like you games…shouldn’t you get ready?” Sebastian said gently. “Irene’s on the move and she could-oh!”
Sherlock needed to find out about John's past....everything....email, blog, war stories...everything.
John felt lighter, the dream long forgotten. Two sugars for Sherlock, no sugar for John. He liked it bitter. No milk...it had gone off. Sherlock needed to go get some more. If he ever would. John inhaled and exhaled softly, handing the mug to Sherlock and took his back to his chair. The day seemed better now...not so glaringly bright.
His eyes snapped to John, tied up as he had been in the photo sent to him. John seemed out cold for the moment, but he was breathing…All Sherlock could focus on was the small rise and fall of John’s chest.
The gun had gone off…just not the one in the blond man’s hand. No, there had been a second man behind him, one Sherlock didn’t notice until it was too late, and needle was already being jabbed into his neck, by the blond man. Was this “S”? Had to be. The gun went off from the second man, a distraction so Sherlock could be drugged by the first man.
“Seems our time is up, Sherlock. Now you know the game.” Jim let go of Sherlock, watching the great detective slump against the glass and curl up against the floor. “Your brother will want to make a note of this in his little book of his.” Jim drawled, his footsteps crossing the cold hard floor.
The lashing continued for a while, leaving angry red and bleeding welts on his back. Another splash of cold water hit his back, casing Sebastian to scream in pain. The men stepped around him, leaving him on the ground, shaking and wet. The soldier's mind collected itself slowly. Turning to the only thing it knew well...shooting and his gun. Sebastian took apart and reassembled his gun in his mind, trying to block the pain out...trying to not break. His mind ran over everything he knew. He needed a routine in his mind to keep him going.
Sherlock nodded, going to get the bin, frowning a bit. He helped sweep the glass into a bag, handing it to John to take out. He stared at the Doctor's retreating back, glancing to John's computer.
“Ahnnn...!”John's body bowed upwards as Sherlock reached over to brush over the sensitive nipples, pinching them hard. John hissed sharply, reaching up to grab Sherlock's hand, only to have it slapped away and his hand pinned above his head. John's eyes widen as Sherlock moved a bit too roughly against him.
“Shut up and listen.” Sherlock snapped. “John’s been taken…I need his company files…everyone who he’s worked with, who’s first or last name starts with ‘S’. Mycroft, hurry…This isn’t about me this time.” Sherlock said. “It is, but isn’t.” He grabbed his coat, darting down the stairs, mobile pressed to his ear.
“...Is that my laptop?”John asked. Sherlock pursed his lips a little as if the question was dull. John shifted up. “What are you doing with it?”
More shouts for a medic…They were taking too much fire…it was becoming too much…John couldn’t keep up. He was patching and moving onto the next man, having dragged them to a safer spot. John couldn’t leave the field…there were just too many that needed him.
John nodded, looking at the clock. 10 AM. “...Glad I don't have work.”He muttered, standing up, stretching a bit. His body was sore from sleeping in his chair all night, and frankly he wanted tea and a shower.
James was silent for a moment, looking to the panting soldier beside him. “Don’t get caught again.” He said, standing. “Next time I will kill you.”
John nodded, leaning into Sherlock's body, shaking a bit before collecting himself. He closed his eyes, letting his heart rate slow, before pulling away, letting go of Sherlock and sighed. “...Did I wake up the whole house?”He grunted, squinting past Sherlock to the living room window. Day time.
Sherlock loathed the way the blond man looked at John. Then realisation hit him like a ton of bricks. “Sebastian…you mean the same Sebastian from John’s troop in the war.” Sherlock rasped out at Jim.
He settled on acceptance. This man saved him. Saved what was left of him and wanted to take him away. He sank to his knees unable to stand any more. Tired and broken, Sebastian could only bow his head as he gasped for breath. He shook as he lifted his head to meet those cold eyes...ones of his saviour.
John was having a nightmare again. Sherlock reached over hesitantly and stroked John’s hair before shaking him lightly. John hissed, eyes flying open, unfocused for a moment. He blinked, finding himself back in the warmth of their bedroom. He shuddered as he sat up, noting that Sherlock’s arms had settled around his waist.
The sharp sound of glass breaking caused John to pull Sherlock down away from the windows, then a stream of very colourful curses came from the doctor.
It went on for what seemed like an hour...each room aside from his was the same. Sebastian braced himself for the door to swing open as he heard the foot steps approach his door. A strangled cry escaped his lips as the door creaked open and food was slid in, then the door abruptly shut. Sebastian stared, wide-eyed and panicked.
A long heavy sigh escaped John as he slowly relaxed against Sherlock, tilting his head back to  rest against the crook of his neck. A comfortable silence settled between them as the teabag sat on the table waiting. After a while, John pulled away, kissing Sherlock's chin lightly, returning to make his tea. John and Sherlock's relationship had started a few days before the incident at the pool. John found he was more at ease with himself when he was being honest about what he liked. He may not like men, but he  likes Sherlock...he was different, exciting, a mad man, and everything John needed to stay grounded to the Earth. Dangerous, yes...but...nothing John couldn't handle. His friends had accused him of being addicted to danger. Well...they weren't wrong.
“So someone finally gets me and I can make fun of ‘im with someone other than myself.” Sebastian chuckled.
John looked out the window. Bright and sunny…a rare morning in London. He picked up his wellies anyways. “Thanks. I’ll be off. I’ll put the kettle on for you.”
Mycroft nodded, standing. “I’m already on it. Please…Sherlock. Please be careful.” He nodded again, folding his coat over his arm, picking up his umbrella at the bedroom door, before heading out.
“Told you it was fascinating. Two war heroes, two different paths, two…conclusions, Sherlock.”Jim said, pressing his face harder against the glass. “Will John kill him? Will Sebastian kill John? Or…?” Jim looked to John as he started to speak.
One of the men grabbed his nose, pinching it closed. Sebastian gasped, forced to open his mouth. He jerked a bit as another man came in, pushing two fingers into his mouth, leaving behind pills. As Sebastian made to spit them out, the third man forced his jaw shut. Panic set in again as the soldier twisted and turned, trying to breath. The man's eyes were blank and hard as he watched Sebastian struggle. They stared at each other, fire in Sebastian's eyes as he fought and squirmed against his captors.
“Fuck.” Sebastian moaned loudly, rocking into Jim, his body brushing over Jim’s as James rocked them both into the bed. The bed started to shake, rocking hard and hitting the wall. James growled, biting over Sebastian’s skin again, digging his nails into the skin, clawing down it. Sebastian gasped, tilting his head back. James wrapped an arm around his chest to hold him into place, causing Sebastian’s knees to ache from being propped up. He looked down to the lewd form beneath him, running a hand over the prone body, then grunted as his hair was gripped and his head yanked back. “Come on Sebby…Come on…”James whispered into his ear. “Be a good boy for me…”He peered over his shoulder, looking down at Jim as his brother moaned loudly.
Sebastian felt the bed dip behind him, hearing the clink of a glass being set down on a wooden table. He inhaled sharply as he felt James’ hand run over his back, the scars, then down over his ass, gripping it. Nails dug into his flesh, causing Sebastian to grunt softly in pain. He slowed down a little as he turned his head to glance to James, before stilling completely. He hissed softly as James moved behind him, letting him go. Jim grunted, hissing at Sebastian to keep going. The soldier tensed a little, caught between two wolves.
The captain stood and went over to Sherlock silently, sliding into bed next to him, curling up against his body. The fresh scent of shampoo floating from John’s hair, along with lavender soap Molly had bought them for cleaning clothes. Sherlock curled into John, holding him close.
He jumped as the door flew open, Mycroft’s men came in, sweeping the area. Sherlock sighed softly, turning so his back rested against the glass and wall behind him, closing his eyes.
“...Oh...hello.” Sherlock breathed, his eyes lighting up with the information he found. He would have to make this right to protect John. He just had to.
The wet slapping of flesh on flesh spurred Sebastian on. He gripped Jim’s hips tighter, hunching over him as he shoved his body relentlessly into the man beneath him. James was watching off to one side, a whiskey glass grasped between his fingers, his dark eyes smouldering as they raked over Sebastian’s body.  Jim’s sharp gasp drew his eyes away for a moment, before he focused back on Sebastian’s well-built form. A hard smile crossed his thin lips as he drew the glass up and took a sip of whiskey. Sebastian leaned over to press his mouth over Jim’s shoulder, but stopped himself from biting down. No marks…that was the rule. Not on Jim or James…No marks…Sebastian growled, pulling back slightly, settling for resting his head between Jim’s shoulder blades. He moaned softly, rutting his hips into Jim’s nice round ass. He reached down to stroke over Jim’s dick, rolling it lightly between his fingers. The flesh was smooth, and even had a nice little knot in it. It was something Sebastian relished when they fucked…Jim’s dick knot and the pleasure that followed him spilling himself into Jim, knowing he conquered one of the wild Irish Twins.  Sebastian came back to focus as he heard Jim yelp and give a long moan of pleasure. Sebastian smiled, feeling a bit dazed as he moved his hand from Jim's dick to run it along Jim’s chest, teasing his thumb over his nipple.  Another moan escaped Jim as he rocked his hips back against Sebastian’s, grinding himself over the soldier’s toned thighs.
Sebastian gave an easy smile with a nod. “…Yeah…yeah we have.” He stood and went to John, leaning down to be eye level with John. “Just work well with yah.”
“S-Sherlock...look at me.”John pleaded with him, feeling something hot and warm coil inside of him. The detective snapped his stormy eyes up at John. The doctor almost came with the look Sherlock had. Eyes wide, pupils bleeding into the storm that was the color of Sherlock's eyes. His mouth was slack, his cheeks flushed red.
Sherlock watched John with that look of wonder and amazement in his eyes. John loved that look on him...and it was only for the doctor to see. John smiles so softly as Sherlock's fingers dance across his skin, preparing him. Sherlock pulled his hand away, taking some more lube and rubbed it over his very hard member. John shivered at the size of it, then gasped sharply as Sherlock ran a finger over his dick lightly, before pulling him into his mouth. John gave a startled cry, tilting his head back as the finger found its way back inside of him. John's fingers fluttered closed as he strained himself not to thrust wildly into Sherlock's hot mouth. A whine came from the doctor as he reached down to grip Sherlock's curls. Sherlock slowed slightly before picking his pace back up a bit, sliding that wicked tongue over John's tip, teasing it with caressing swirls. John gasped as he rolled his hips up sharply, whimpering. Sherlock pulled John's hands away, pinning them to his side. He growled softly as he kissed John's hip and shifted to settle in between his knees.  John braced himself as he felt Sherlock nudge himself in gently.  John let out a small his of discomfort, causing Sherlock to slow, watching him.
Silence settled between them and Sherlock was just beginning to ask himself if he had made a mistake, forcing John into a situation that was much too intimate way too soon, when John finally started to sing.
He was looking at him now, his body in fight-or-flight mode, wary, his eyes flicking over John’s tense form as if he expected him to attack any second now. It made John feel ashamed of himself.
“It’s John Watson, “John said as he held out his hand and smiled cheekily. Scott stared at his hand with a frown, then, rolling his eyes, he took it. His hand was thin and bony and his fingers were actually longer than John’s but it still felt very nice holding it and John found himself unable to let go. Scott tried to take his hand away again, but John gripped tighter and, going out on a limb, deftly pulled him close into his own personal space. Scott’s eyes widened, his pupils dilating, and the mellow scent of apples and almonds flared up at the unexpected intimacy.
But before he could continue hurling accusations at himself internally, the door opened, and a young police officer in civilian clothes entered. John realized at once he knew him.
So I know that the relationship between the Sherlock and John seems quite advanced for a season 2 story. So let's just pretend they've known each other a bit longer, maybe a few years. The bond they share in this story wouldn't make much sense otherwise, probably...maybe? I don't know really.
He guessed if he ever got out of here, he wouldn’t stay long in Baker Street. Apparently, Sherlock was sick of him and was going to kick him out any time he would return. There was nothing he could do about it so he might as well get used to the idea of it. Of moving somewhere else, into another flat. Without Sherlock.
What was worse were the come-ons, quite a few of which came from said arrogant Alphas who seemed to think it was okay to vulgarly comment about his lips or his hair, a fact which almost drove him crazy, every time it happened. It had happened so many times already since he had started here that he had actually considered going somewhere official on campus to complain about sexual harassment.
John was appalled. “But...that’s preposterous! The government should support companies financially, help them pay Omega’s wages so that they wouldn’t be willing to exclude them from a position just because of their gender.”
Because before, he had looked better than this. Now, his skin was sallow, even paler than usual, which didn’t make him look healthy at all. There were deep dark circles underneath his eyes, giving him the look of someone who hadn’t slept in days, even though he had slept impossibly long. His lip was still split from where that vile man had bitten into it and he winced at the unbidden memory.
He watched Holmes gather his clothes from the floor, and put aside John's cane before wishing his master goodnight. His back must have hurt him, but he fell asleep within minutes, long before John.
"You can go to sleep", he permitted when the slaves eyes followed him to the bed. "Shut off the lights, will you? See you tomorrow."
Their slaves had already packed their own belongings as well as chosen some clothes for the brothers. They wouldn't be allowed more than they could fit into duffle bags handed to them, but whatever they took would legally belong to them. Once all the paperwork was done, they didn't have much time to pack and choose. A lady from InS urged them to take only what they really needed and wanted to keep. Clothes, shoes, maybe a photograph or some small mementos. She probably assumed a child such as Sherlock would take a toy or two for comfort. Instead he abandoned third of his clothes to fit in his father's antique violin, case and all, even though it was still a little too large for him to play.
His lungs were screaming, his body was aching with exhaustion and the threat of shock, but he gritted his teeth and fought onward. Sherlock was a lifeless weight in his arm, raven curls floating around his pale face and John could only pray that he was still alive as he, painfully slowly, moved toward the faint light coming from up above.
Sherlock hummed and ran a hand through his damp curls as he stopped his pacing abruptly, messing them up even further.
He woke up a little later when he felt a body next to his, its radiating heat stifling and merging into him. He opened his eyes to find that Sherlock had scooted over and was now clinging to him like a koala. He was still lying on his side, one leg thrown over John’s hip, his face buried in John’s shoulder and he was shivering violently against him.
“Alright, John, I have enough. We have to wait and see if Mr. ahh …” and he looked into his notebook, - Mr. Taylor will press charges against you. He had to undergo surgery last night - you broke his nose and he has a concussion. He’s intubated and still unconscious in ICU at Bart’s.”
“Okay, Sherlock, listen to me, “he said firmly, and Sherlock’s eyes opened again, heavy lids at half-mast because he was apparently just moments away from falling asleep again. “We’ll stay here for now, alright? I’ll take care of you. But we’ll go straight to the hospital if the fever keeps rising or if your overall state worsens. Alright?”
Sherlock’s words were nothing more than a whisper now and John’s heart was breaking when he still heard the desperation in those two words. Sherlock was slowly slipping away, and he needed to make a decision. Now.
After ten minutes they were done. Greg had taken quite a few pages of notes, hasty in his attempt to catch up with Sherlock’s rapid talking and afterwards silence filled the room, only disturbed by the still-scribbling noise Greg’s pen made on the pages.
“Sherlock, “he said, and he cleared his voice, “please don’t act as if nothing unusual happened yesterday. This isn’t just one of your cases you have to solve. This is not something you can just brush aside. You were drugged and taken away against your will. You were sexually assaulted and …”
“Yeah, sorry, “John said with a warm smile and they shared a quick knowing glance that made Mycroft and Greg look at each other warily. They both realized something was going on, but couldn’t figure out what it was. Mycroft’s way of dealing with such a lack of knowledge was going on the offensive.
She chuckled, averting her gaze, seeming a little embarrassed. “Yes, I’m in your ‘Clinical Medicine’ seminar.”
“Okay, “he breathed, his mind whirling with the surrealism of the situation, “alright, Sherlock, let me get up and get you some blankets ….”
At Greg’s call John looked across to the parallel street and saw Greg jerking his head forward. John followed his gaze and saw two blokes standing at the corner of the street, sharing a peaceful smoke, chattering.
But before he could voice more doubts and dissuade himself from entering Sherlock’s room, a sound came from within the room and John moved without hesitation because there was hurt in Sherlock’s voice and his body reacted to that sound like a moth to a flame, he couldn’t have stayed put if his own life depended on it.
“John, listen to me.” Mycroft sounded almost tender and if the situation weren’t so tense John would have laughed out loud in disbelief. “Sherlock needs you. He is lost without you. He spent the last few hours in his mind palace and the only word that has passed his lips was your name. Over and over again. He was in distress, John, over you being in prison.”
Ben seemed to think for a moment, then he shrugged and shouted: “Yes, well, there’s been a bloke who matches your description. He left.”
Greg simply smiled, his weary eyes full of understanding. “You’re welcome. And now eat up, you need your strength for the next few hours to come.”
“Just stop it, alright? Stop making assumptions!” John was breathing heavily now, his body leaned forward, his eyes ablaze with barely restrained agitation and Sherlock actually took a step back, confused and maybe even a little bit afraid.
Sherlock scoffed at that. “Yeah right, and I’m supposed to believe you, just like that? After what happened the last couple of times I saw you?”
“Well, yes, “John said, “but you know he needs to sign a consent form for that, and he’ll not do that soon because he’ll be asleep for a while. I’ll ask him if he wants to get one done as soon as he’s awake.” He very much doubted Sherlock would want to have one done but he didn’t say so. It wasn’t important right now.
He made his way over there to see Sherlock half-sitting, half-lying on his bed. His back was leaning against the bedhead, his head fallen back behind his shoulders, his eyes closed and his right arm thrown over his face. He looked completely exhausted and John suspected he would fall asleep soon if he didn’t say anything.
. “I just want you to be okay. And it’s not okay to be touched like that, especially if you’ve never been touched intimately ever. I don’t want you to think that you cannot experience physical intimacy with another human being without being coerced into it or making it hurt you.” John’s eyes bored into Sherlock’s as he pleaded with him to understand him but something in his friend’s face told him that he had shut a barrier down. His mouth was a tight line, his hands were clenched into fists at his side.
In general, he was a person that needed a lot of space as well as time for himself. This was due to the fact he could think best when he was alone and no other person’s insufferable babbling intruded on his brain’s ability to analyse and deduce the situation or problem laid out to him. Or when he simply needed to dive into his mind palace where he could spend hours and hours filing away information or gathering it back up.
Victor and Sebastian on their other side seemed to be having no problems conducting their experiment as well and John’s irritation re-surfaced when he noticed the two Alphas elbow each other in the side, whispering and laughing quietly.
Finally, he found himself in front of the strange new room. The door looked ominously normal and his heart hammered loudly in his chest as he reached out for the doorknob.
John shook his head and stopped an annoyed groan escaping his throat, as he barely avoided making the tea in his cup overflow.
It was preposterous, John wouldn’t have stayed by his side all this time if he only thought  of him that way, right?
“Scott.” John sighed and wearily rubbed his temple. He already sensed where this conversation was going.
Magnussen’s cold smile was back as he looked Sherlock up and down once more. “See you next week, Williams.”
After pacing and fuming a little more, John suddenly stopped and looked at Greg: “Do you think they could still be in the area?”
Sherlock snorted and waved his hand. “I’m fine, it’s only a concussion and I can probably go home soon. What are you doing here, Mycroft? There was really no need for you to come. Or do you have something that’s so important for me to do for you that you had to come here to drag me away? Is someone in the royal family in dire need of my services again?”
One and a half hours later and they still had a good time. The food was gone but they had their fourth glass of beer in front of them. Well, at least Greg and John had, Sherlock was on his second glass, but it was nearly untouched. John understood, his friend wanted to maintain a clear mind. That was totally okay, but he himself didn’t mind the small buzz the alcohol in his blood provided. He was relaxed, he was with friends and he was having fun.
Of course, the bloke didn’t stop. Why would he? There were dozens of students outside, John could mean just about anyone. He cursed himself for his stupidity as he sprinted after the guy, dodging people left and right to avoid a collision.
But John wasn’t looking at him. Instead, he was fidgeting where he sat, fumbling around with the thermometer still in his hands.
They were glaring at each other and there was a strange prickling vibe in the air between them, making John feel oddly hot and uncomfortable in his slacks.
It had made him incredibly angry. Seeing her like this. It was such a waste of good talent and also, now they had to search for someone else filling her position, which would be very difficult. She had been very good at what she was doing. And ruthless, it couldn’t be appreciated enough nowadays.
This whole situation had been far too strange and surreal for him. He didn’t like being in such situations he couldn’t completely understand so he had decided there and then to just focus on his studies, instead of wasting his time thinking about handsome young Alphas with kind warm smiles and too much courage for their own good.
The next multi-chaptered WIP is already planned and outlined, I have started writing the first two chapters and will be posting them after the two short stories. I'm actually dipping my toe into Omegaverse, something I never would have thought likely just a couple of months ago. But since then I have read dozens of ABO-stories (with Omega Sherlock of course) and found myself loving most of them. It's just something that makes sense when you like a vulnerable Sherlock. I know it's not everybody's cup of tea, but I didn't know I liked it until I've tried it. Would love to see you around!
Sherlock managed to concentrate his gaze on John and although it was hard at first, breathed in together with him through the nose, and then out through the mouth. They did it again and again.
“You see?” he repeated for the umpteenth time, it seemed, “it was obvious she was going to kill Sherlock right then and there, so it was completely justified that I shot her.”
“Could you stop all these silly antics?” he asked with a heavy disappointed sigh. “You’re not very original you know? I’ve encountered so many serial killers and tell you what? You’re one of the most boring ones I’ve ever met. You’re incredibly dull and predictable, you need to work on that.”
“Yes, Sherlock, it’s me, “John said softly. He was determined not to let himself lose control of his temper again, no matter how much nonsense spilled out of his friend’s mouth. He needed to pull himself together, stay calm, and offer his support in a gentle manner. “How do you feel?”
John scrambled out of his bed, grabbed a knife from the tray, and started to smear butter and jam on one of the toasts. “It’s not. You have to eat.” He offered the toast to Sherlock who stared at it as if it were something toxic.
Scott bit his lip, turning his head away. John could see that he was very tense and there was a nuance of burned apples in the air, filling the space between them with despair and sadness, and it almost frightened him. There was something about Scott that made him seem so...so vulnerable, reminding him of a wounded animal. It made him feel like he needed to pull him close, stroke his hair, and tell him that he needn’t worry, but he knew it would only result in him getting his face scratched. There seemed to be something on the tip of Scott’s tongue as he contemplated John’s question, but he didn’t say it. Eventually, he just shook his head as he turned towards John again.
“That’s what I thought, “John admitted. “But, Sherlock. I was an idiot. I was too afraid to admit my own feelings to myself. I knew that you were my best friend. I knew that I had never met such an incredible person, never knew a person that was so extremely...extremely and utterly perfectly brilliant….” Sherlock made a choked sound and John squeezed his shoulder gently.
With another heavy sigh, John heaved himself off the bed and shuffled over to their shared bathroom, stifling a yawn.
Terror rushed over him and he knew he needed to act quickly to stop his mind from getting damaged. Quickly, he filed everything he had looked at away and grasped the next best positive memory to calm himself down:
Slowly, he made his way to the bathroom, readily accepting John’s hesitant footsteps behind him. He closed the bathroom door behind him, not locking it, as promised.
Sherlock’s lips tightened shut and Billy studied him for a moment, daring him to disobey and speak despite the very clear warning.
“I am a master detective, my brain is highly functional, making brilliant and fast deductions is my life, John. It is me, my whole sense of existing. By doing that I always have control. That terrible drug made me lose that control and so I wasn’t only not able to make those highly effective deductions as usual, but I also lost control over my body. You saw me that night. I was scared, my hands were trembling, I was shaking and sweating. Ah, it was disgusting.”
In addition, he was also thankful that John had taken care of him, in a medical sense. Even though he hated the physical weakness of his transport he knew it needed looking after from time to time which why it was incredibly handy to have a doctor for a best friend. John had taken care of his wounds, had seen to it that he ate a little, had made sure he slept a little. He had been there when the rape kit had been taken, something that he probably wouldn’t have been able to go through without John.
The ride didn’t last long, and soon they pulled up at their flat in 221B Baker Street. At John’s request, they carried Sherlock upstairs on the stretcher and into his bedroom. They laid him onto his bed carefully and the paramedic asked if there was anything John needed before they left.
John shrugged. “There are a lot of patients here the doctors have to look at. You’re not the only person getting himself hurt, you know.”
A comfortable silence stretched out the room in which Mrs. Hudson first got John his well-deserved cup of tea, then sat down next to Sherlock to hand him his cup. She put her hand on Sherlock's arm and leaned a little into his space. “It’s good to have you back, “she said with a big smile on her face, squeezing his arm in honest affection and he gave her a tiny, sarcastic smile back.
John’s eyes widened, and Sherlock shook his head at once, blushing furiously. “No, not for ...that. Just….lie next to me?”
His throat began to tighten, and he knew he would have to surface soon to get some oxygen into his lungs.
John grimaced at the thought of older Alphas getting involved with teenager Omegas. “That sounds...dubious.”
Sherlock blushed – a very delicious und rare sight for John - and looked down. “Well, that… that’s not so important.”
“Are you serious right now?” the Alpha asked in a slightly raised voice, an expression of disbelief on his face. “Is that really what you want to say to me right now? Seriously? God, you really are something!”
And he had to save this particular life. Because there was no way he was going to cope with losing him now. There was just no way.
“And I already said no, “Scott said coldly, “so just let’s skip this pointless discussion, shall we? I’m already bored.”
John’s cheeks suddenly felt hot. “I know that it must look like that to you, “he replied quickly, “But I’m not like that! I know what I did was wrong. People make mistakes, alright? But one mistake doesn’t automatically make them bad people.”
“Maybe.” Sherlock sighed and John registered the slightly trembling hands as he raised his teacup to his mouth. “But I’m really tired, John. I still feel kind of funny, it’s as if I can sense the toxin in my veins and it’s not pleasant. I just want to drink a cup of tea and then go back to bed again. Maybe that ghastly stuff is out of my system when I wake up again. Do you know what it is yet?”
Sherlock smiled and his eyes fluttered shut. “Nevertheless…. owe you.” And then he was asleep. John looked at his friend as he slept, and his arm moved up automatically to stroke the side of Sherlock’s pale face. “You really are an idiot, Sherlock Holmes, “he whispered and after another gentle squeeze of his friend’s arm, he got up and left the room.
With a sigh he withdrew his hand and once again started pacing up and down the living room. Every few seconds he walked over to Sherlock to check he was still breathing normally then he resumed the pacing. He knew his own pulse was probably quite erratic and he tried to take long slow breaths to calm himself down.
Sherlock pursed his lips softly, then leaned forward to kiss his temple. “Don't.” He murmured. “Never for me.”
Sherlock wheezed softly on the floor, struggling to sit up. He peered through the glass that separated his room and John’s.
John couldn't move as he heard the shrill sound of the bomb dropping, screaming as the world erupted in light and fire.
“I know.” Sebastian scowled. “Nay one knew, and I was there…and I saw our men die. Captain John Watson….fock yer title. Yah left us behind.”
There was a long pause from John, before he set his tea down, squinting at Sherlock. “And you…?” He ventured.
John’s face wrinkled in despair, his lips parting. He didn’t know what to say, what could he say? His heart was racing. Sweet, young Sebastian…John remembered that man. Bright eyed, so full of energy, hope, carefree…This man in front of him was harden, cold, angry, and deadly. John felt a shiver of fear run up his spine as he watched the ominous posture Sebastian took as he leaned forward, closer to John. His eyes were unsympathetic as they swept over John’s tattered form. Sebastian’s tongue flicked over his lips before he continued.
Sherlock huffed and grumped at John a bit, unable to figure out the reason behind the cakes. John paid the cabbie, pushing Sherlock towards the door. He unlocked it, hanging up his coat and took the box from Sherlock to put it in the fridge. John shuffled some eyes in a bowl about, squinting at the new set of ears they seemed to have acquired, before placing the cakes in gently. He put the Italian away, then started the tea, listening to Sherlock shuffle about, before settling in his chair.
“Sherlock?” John asked, turning more fully towards him. Sherlock knew he thought the Great Detective had thought of something brilliant for a case. The Doctor who always found him brilliant, no matter what his faults. Sherlock shook his head, finishing his butty. He wondered if John understood that he was the Sun, not Sherlock. He wondered if he knew how remarkable a seemingly boring man was to Sherlock. His Doctor, his John H. Watson, his Sun.
“Next, time Sherlock. I don’t think Sebastian will forget his gun. It’s been a pleasure chatting with you as always.” Jim said, pulling a distant door open. It closed with a rather loud bang.
John sighed, rubbing his face. “Really? Sherlock...”he just sighed again. “Fine...just...let me know what you're going to do.”He muttered, settling back down. Sherlock nodded, watching John slowly drift to sleep. Sherlock eased his arm from under John's head, getting to work.
John slipped his hands into his pockets, a bit more awake, squaring his shoulders as he walked quietly beside Sherlock. It was comfortable, easy, and familiar. The quite moment that Sherlock enjoyed with his constant companion. Sherlock paused, watching John venture a few feet in front of him, before stopping and turning back to Sherlock, curiosity and interest crossing John’s face. The sun vanished rather quickly behind the clouds, taking away the brilliance of the quite London Street.
Sherlock huffed softly, snatching the fiver from John’s hand as it stretched out to him. John shook his head, leaning against the granite wall behind him to enjoy his coffee in peace as Sherlock went to get something breakfast-y from the Tesco.
“I’m fine…I should get ready for work.” John grunted, laying back down and curled up against Sherlock’s side.
If felt like being wound up again…like a toy. The senses came back slowly to Sherlock as he felt himself emerging from the void that had engulfed him. The seagulls of Baker Street screamed from the building across the street, the smell of tea, resin, and the odd chemical penetrated his sense of smell, then the warmth of the sun’s rays contrasted against the cool shadows of his room on his skin. Sherlock opened his eyes slowly, feeling his mind wake up and narrowly focused on one thing.
“They were involved apparently. John spoke with me.” Mycroft looked back to Sherlock. He saw his brother still for a moment. “They were close.”
“Man down! Moran down!” Came a shout from somewhere to his right. John jerked around, his eyes wide, his breath hitching in his chest. The captain rose without realizing it, rushing to Moran’s side. “Go!”John yelled at the soldier who was waiting with Sebastian.
The air was cold, sweet even. The light was blinding and the trees swayed above John. Soft pink flowers scented the air as he walked. The stress of the day seemed to melt away the further he walked in the park. Hills with lush green grass rippled as the wind teased over them with wild abandon. The valley sunk lower, winding behind old crooked trees with branches too heavy to support themselves, lay resting on the ground. The pebbled path beneath John's boots crunched softly as he took tender steps so as to not disturb the peace around him. A pond for the ducks and other wild life rested nestled under a large oak to his right. John paused, frowning as he stared at the pebbled path beneath him, then looked to the brick wall with an iron gate. When did that get there?
The Detective nodded a little, hands clasped behind his back keeping pace with John. Their quite pace was broken by the occasional sound of a car, or bird flitting by. Few people on this street…a bit posh for the normal crowd. The Good Doctor turned down a side street, heading towards a small Italian market, peering at some of the food. He bought some things for dinner, paying for it, before heading towards an even smaller tea shop. John tugged Sherlock in and pointed to a small dark chocolate cake, flaked with gold. Sherlock blinked, focusing on the cake. John’s favourite. The bitter chocolate went well with the hazelnut filling in the middle, and John rarely indulged in such a treat.
“Oh? Where would Rosie sleep? Not downstairs. Too damp for her.” John pointed out, looking up at Sherlock, observing. A Doctor’s observation…a Military man’s observation…Sherlock could never quite tell.
The Detective blinked and nodded a bit at him. “John...I won't break if you ever want to go further. I do know about sex.”
Sherlock must have fallen asleep again. He was being woken by the shrill shriek of the kettle on the stove. Grumbling softly, he rose, dragging the covers around him as he went to take the pot off the heated plate and set it aside.
John Looked amused as he watched Sherlock struggle with why he bought the cakes. It would never occur to Sherlock he just wanted cake after dinner tonight. And they were in the area of his favourite tea shop, so why not take advantage of it?
The water turned off, causing Sherlock to blink as John came out of the bathroom, drying his face. The detective looked John over as he went to the wardrobe to pull out a work jumper and vest. Sherlock smiled a little as John picked out a tie to go with it. Impressing someone at work…? Perhaps. Sherlock liked the tie…it was plain, but so utterly John at the same time. A soft sigh of contentment escaped his lips, causing the captain to look over at him.
Sherlock looked surprised at the emotion on Mycroft’s face, then shrugged. “So why go after John?” He asked.
“Don't forget your objective.”Came the Irish drawl behind him. Sebastian paused, letting John go. He turned his head to glance at Jim and smiled.
John looked up at Sherlock, taking in his uncertainty, his curious gaze, the calculating thoughts in that brilliant head. He smiled a little and reached up to cup those wonderful cheeks. “Its okay.”
The deep baritone voice pulled John up and out of his dream abruptly, a large hand patting his face. John jerked, scrabbling for any thing to hold, finding an arm and a shirt to hold onto. He blinked rapidly, panting as he collected himself.
John made the tea, setting a cup by Sherlock’s elbow on the table next to him, before taking his seat, sipping at his cuppa. A resigned sigh eased from John, as the Doctor became relaxed.
“Have you eaten, Sherlock?” John asked, his voice as light as it could be in the morning. Behind Sherlock, a song bird sang, followed by the garish scream of a seagull. Sherlock blinked, coming back to himself.
Sebastian stat on his knees, body sagged slightly in surrender.  The metal of the gun bit into his head a bit as it was pressed firmly against his temple. Sebastian’s eyes were downcast and blank, his mind reeling in panic. Outwardly, no emotion played across his face. His body was numb as he stared at the floor. He had a cut across his brow, shallow, and one across his lip. Not too bad. He could live. The coldness of the concrete floor beneath him seeped into his skin, chilling his bones. They were in an abandon car park. Easier to clean up, Sebastian guessed.
Sebastian couldn't believe it...nothing happened to him. He blinked a few time, and looked to the food. With some effort and a cry of pain, Sebastian rolled over to his front and forced himself to crawl the few feet to his food. He made his way over and sat up with effort, gathering his poor rations into his lap, eating slowly. His mind was racing, trying not to freak out. He set the food down, recollecting himself. He had to stay focus.
“Well,Tiger?” The cold man had spotted his tattoo on his back. Sebastian didn't mind the name...felt...nice. “Let me take you home and care for you.”He said in a silken tone.
In Sherlock's room, light spilled through a crack in the shades, capturing the dust that danced in the beam. The bed unmade and clothes setting to one side, neatly folded. His skull had been moved to  the floor next to the lamp near his bed.
The captain looked sharply to the face above him and relaxed. “S...Sherlock. Shit...”John sat up, still gripping the detective's shirt. “Sorry.”
John looked down at the man at his knees. Covered in sand, blood, and other things John could never identify, Sebastian gave a shaky wheeze. “Heyah, Doc…seems I got hit.” He gasped, coughing up blood.
The dark stain spilled over the scar, mixing horribly with the sand as Sebastian shook a bit. “Shhh…sh…shut up.”John said firmly, finding the wound. “Not bad….just looks worse than it is.”
Sebastian just smiles, and leaned into his touch. “Get yer answers…” Sebastian reached up to Jim’s waist, feeling along the silk shirt, humming. Jim smiles and watched the man.
John's fingers felt a bit stiff as he fumbled with the teabag, frowning as it flopped uselessly to the kitchen floor. He stared at it for a moment, knowing Sherlock was watching him. He sniffed a bit, before bending down to pick it up and get a new teabag. He jumped slightly as warm arms slid around him, pulling him to a firm chest behind him.
John blinked in surprise when Scott’s hand suddenly shot up. Magnussen fixed the young student with mild surprise.
Mike hadn’t noticed his lack of attention and just kept on talking, gesturing wildly with his hands in his enthusiasm. John was tense as he tried to focus on his friend, and he was thankful for the other students standing in numbers between him and Scott, creating a sort of safety barrier between them.
“I’ll swing by tomorrow. Tell him that, would you, Doctor Watson? It’s better if he’s warned in advance.”
John’s eyes crinkled as he smiled, his whole face lighting up and something in Sherlock’s guts twisted, but in a good way.
“Oh, “was all she said when she saw how many people were in the room. Greg and Mycroft discreetly stepped into a corner to give her some room. She smiled at them thankfully and then addressed Sherlock, still looking at the chart.
‘I’m sorry love, you need to sit up drinking this and I’m afraid you’re still too weak to do it on your own. I hope it’s alright if I help you a little bit?”
The moment was over before John could fret about it further. Sherlock pulled his hand away and that was that. Without looking at him again, he picked up his fork and started to eat his meal. He ate mechanically, not relishing the taste of the dish, but not wrinkling his nose in disgust either. He was eating his lunch, just as John had asked him to. Because John had asked him to.
John grinned. “Good. Now, what can you deduce about me this morning? But be gentle please, will you?”
Greg still looked as if something were on his mind, something he didn’t voice but before John could ask him what was wrong, Greg was already halfway out the door.
It was a room he hadn’t been in before. It wasn’t an office and there was hardly any furniture. Just a sink in the corner and the broad chair he was cuffed to.
“Yeah, I do. I swear it worked like a charm, every single time. Don’t mind the lyrics, they’re kind of sad. It’s not even a real lullaby, but my grandmother sang it to my mother when she was a child and my mother sang it to me. The melody’s beautiful, even if the song itself is sad. Come on.”
“I don’t need your false compliments, “John hissed at him and he knew that his scent must have spiked when he heard Mason inhale sharply next to him. “Sorry, “he murmured, quietly, so that only Mason could hear him. He only wished he could wipe off that smug smile from the other Alpha’s faces. His arrogance was unbearable.
John had pity on his friend and changed the subject to the beautiful scenery of Devon, its moor and its people, which Mrs. Hudson seemed moderately interested in. Sherlock made a remark here and there and so they chattered away for a good twenty minutes.
A single eyebrow was raised haughtily. “Yes. And you’re the bloke from Magnussen’s class who stared at me.”
John forced himself to sit still, lest he frightened the other man further away. “I know you don’t want to go, “he said softly as he slowly placed his arms into his lap, opening his palms upwards in a what he hoped calming, peace-offering gesture. “But we need to get you into medical care. Please understand. You need help.”
. Grinning in triumph he pulled out his pack of cigarettes with only two left (no wonder after that stressful latest case, fuck that nicotine patch) and lit it instantly.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered in reply to his question, and he swallowed heavily. “It’s just that…..I can’t believe we just kissed.”
“One thing: the equipment is very expensive and I ask you to treat it with the utmost caution. Understood?”
This wasn’t helping in regards to his confusion about John. He therefore pushed the unpleasant memory away, irritated, because he thought he had deleted that.
“Why?” Greg asked. “He’s a schoolteacher, harmless, clean slate. Why would anyone who’s experienced in shooting people target him? “
“Order, please. Order.” Magnussen clapped into his hands as he once again let his eyes roam around the room and everyone quieted down again quickly.
“Hi, “John shouted, leaning over the counter so that the other man could hear him, “I wondered if you’ve maybe seen our friend. Tall, lanky, curly brown hair, high cheekbones. We’ve searched everywhere in here, but we can’t find him.”
“Yeah, Sherlock’s telling the truth. The fever’s dropped completely. The shoulder has gotten infected, but I think the antibiotics will come through now. Of course, I will take a close look on it. He’s even eaten, so he should be completely fine after another week of rest.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Never mind, “he shouted, a little more loudly now. “Cheers!” And he held up his still full glass of beer, a little thankful this Jack had reminded him to take it back with him, let it clink against his friends’ glasses, and drained half its contents, suddenly thirsty. His friends grinned at him with slightly drunken smiles and Greg shouted: “Great night, isn’t it? I’m glad I suggested it.”
“Hm, I see.” Mycroft didn’t seem to be I the mood for a real talk, apparently. “The results, Dr. Watson, would you like to hear them?”
He brought all that into Sherlock’s bedroom and dropped it on the bedside cabinet. One quick look at Sherlock’s motionless form told him that the man had nodded off again, but he was also tossing and turning again, shivering almost violently.
Then he left, walking towards the exit with his bag strapped around his shoulder. His Beta friend turned to Sherlock, his brown eyes full of reproof but he kept his mouth shut and then followed behind his friend.
Last but not least there was arousal, and that was the one that irritated John the most. He was ready to accept that he and Sherlock were best friends now but that? That could not be happening, because he was not gay, had never engaged in intimate acts of any kind with a man and why would someone like Sherlock Holmes cause him to even think about doing anything like...well, that? The man didn’t seem interested in sexual – or romantic – relationships at all. John had never seen him with anyone, man or woman, and after their first awkward conversation at Angelo’s –
It scared him, feeling like this. Also, it filled him with a kind of satisfaction he hadn’t expected. He was happy that John was in love with him. Overjoyed even. He wanted him to be in love with him. He wanted John. Not just as a friend. Not just as a colleague.
Mycroft really did care for his brother. Not just as an asset he needed to protect so he could continue solving riddles for him, preventing political crises. But also, as simply a little brother he loved. Even if he would never admit it.
“But you mustn’t upset him, Mycroft! Promise me. He needs rest now, he still has that concussion and he can’t get rest when he’s yelling at you or being nagged at by you.”
They found themselves at the pub a little later, Greg catching up with them only ten minutes later. They ordered some beer and said hamburgers with chips although Sherlock was content with just chips. John was grateful he was ordering anything at all, so he didn’t say anything.
John swallowed heavily as he began his task. He began by taking off Sherlock’s torn and bloody shirt. Again, Sherlock didn’t react as John very softly lifted his torso up to pull the shirt from his arms and threw it onto the ground next to the bed. He looked at Sherlock's upper body and couldn’t suppress the small curse leaving his lips.
Greg shrugged. “Well, maybe he was too drunk to care. You’ve seen how he was before he went for the loo, he seemed a little smashed. Maybe he found himself a new friend.”
He shook his head and ran a hand over his mouth when suddenly, the memory of him snapping at Sherlock a little while ago entered his mind.
“Can you describe what happened to you, Mr. Holmes, “Mrs. Wilkins asked as she placed her black bag on the nightstand and opened it.
Greg’s eyes were sympathetic. “I understand, John. He’s an arse, he shouldn’t have said it, that wasn’t even remotely professional.”
For a moment, John was speechless, and Sherlock seemed to mistake his silence for confirmation of his assumption because he winced slightly and curled into himself. As if he wanted to make himself smaller. Dazed, John shook his head.
John leaned forward nervously, eager to make his friend understand his good intentions. “Maybe you don’t see it. But you can’t fool me, Sherlock, I know you’re not okay and it’s totally normal to not be okay after being attacked, especially if it’s under the influence of drugs. And you …. well, you….”
He left his empty cup of tea on the sink, then strode to the door, twirling his umbrella once again.
Sherlock harrumphed as he pressed his face into the fitted sheet beneath him, moaning pitifully as searing pain suddenly flared up in behind his eyes, almost causing him to double over in pain.
John sighed. “Yes, I agree. But the drug is still in his system, he already fainted before you came and he’s….” He threw a glance over his shoulder to make sure Sherlock wasn’t in the room and he lowered his voice, “he’s very vulnerable right now and your way of waltzing in here and making demands is not making things easy for him.”
The familiar voice of Mike Stamford pulled him out of his thoughts as he finally reached the cafeteria without realizing it.
“John.” Sherlock shifted a little closer and fixed him with a curious stare. “I’m extremely grateful that you didn’t call an ambulance. I would have not been able to refuse getting transported to the hospital, you had every right to do call them, and yet you didn’t. Why?”
“Yes, it seems so.” Sherlock’s voice sounded very low and tired, he was looking as if he was already half asleep.
They watched one of John’s favourite soaps and Sherlock of course couldn’t stop groaning about the according to him ‘terrible acting’, the ‘badly written dialogue’ or whatever else was wrong with the production. He was leaning forward, sitting on his heels and dipping his toast into John’s second bowl of half-eaten soup, pointing and sighing at the TV in overly dramatic fashion.
Just now Mycroft was taking another step forward, using his height advantage to tower over Sherlock, in a blatant attempt to intimidate him. “And why, dear brother mine, “he said in his smooth but menacing voice, “don’t you think it necessary after having been sexually assaulted which is officially the necessary requirement for a rape kit to get done?” Sherlock winced at his direct words, but he didn’t draw back. The tension between them was palpable and for a few seconds nobody said anything.
And he was having fun, too. He was also stressed because of the loudness and the hotness and he definitely wouldn’t last more than another hour, but he had been having fun with his friends until now and he was grateful for that.
“Oh. Right, sorry. Yes, I listened to you, “he said quickly, a little embarrassed. “You got everything right, congratulations.” Sherlock looked smug and John felt the need to add “I was worried about you, of course, you daft sod, not about the bed. I’m a little hurt that wasn’t obvious to you.”
John shifted nervously. He wished they had had more time so that Sherlock could have let him in on his plan. As it was, he was heavily dependent on Sherlock and his doubtful ability not to taunt the murderers into killing them.
John’s heart went out to his friend. He sat back down on the bed and laid his hand on Sherlock’s arm. “No, you idiot, you don’t owe me anything, “he said with a tender smile on his face, “I am your friend and only did what every friend would have done.”
Sherlock nodded and sipped at his tea. It was hot and strong, and it felt like heaven. He closed his eyes as he felt his body relax at the warmth spreading through his stiff limbs and for a moment he felt okay. Not as if he had been drugged – was still drugged – in order to get raped.
John’s lips broke into a wide smile. “That’s good to hear, great.” He fixed Mycroft with an earnest look, as he offered him his cup of tea. “Thank you, Mycroft. I owe you a lot.”
He grabbed the broken pencil and thrust it into his mouth, biting hard into the end piece even though he knew he wasn’t supposed to do that because of the lead.
At the moment she was studying him with a slightly amused expression on her face although there was a hint of nervousness and impatience betrayed by the occasional twitch of her lower lip. Sherlock took advantage of the time she took to study him to quickly scan the rest of the room.
“No!” he said quickly, his hand reaching out to cover John’s where it lay on the white sheets. “I’m sorry, I was just in my head a little. Please, I would be ….” he exhaled and blushed, “I’d be happy for you to hold me.”
From out of nowhere a safe had appeared in the wall in a place where nothing had been before. A clever trick, he had to admit although it had been too easy to solve that little riddle. Well, people weren’t perfect, and it had taken him five minutes to figure out this little puzzle after all so that in itself was admirable.
“I’m sorry,” John asked in disbelief. “I thought it was obvious, “he couldn’t stop himself saying, repeating Scott’s phrase from earlier. Scott actually looked up at that, a spark of approval flashing in his eyes, before he shook his head, looking disappointed.
Something in him froze as she suddenly grabbed his face, forcing him to look at her. To his absolute horror, she then climbed up onto his lap, effectively straddling his hips. He gasped as she pushed her firm body against his and threw her arms around his shoulders, caging him in.
“Calm down, Sherlock, please, “John implored as he held him at an arm’s length, intent on keeping eye contact.
“How couldn’t I be?” she asked, sudden heat in her voice seeping through. “It’s all so unfair and I’m just one of the few lucky ones that met a decent Alpha who isn’t afraid to have his Omega mate get a real education and a real job later on. It won’t even be my money I am going to earn, but his! Of course, Tom says in hits eyes it’s mine and I can buy anything I want with it, but technically, it’s his money!”
Maybe he was what Donovan and Anderson liked to call him: a freak. Someone who was incapable of having real emotions, one who should be shunned. One who would maybe end up killing another person just for the thrill of it instead of just looking at a dead body.
So, he snatched his glass from Jack’s hand quickly with a distrustful look, muttered “thanks” and finally entered the bar again, leaving this strange, impolite man behind him.
“Yes, it’s the big one in the auditorium for all the science students. It’s always on the second Tuesday of the new semester, don’t you remember?”
His eyelids were getting heavy despite his best efforts to keep them open. Although he couldn’t sleep directly next to Sherlock, he needed some connection between them to reassure himself. He also needed to stay alert to some extent in case something was wrong with his best friend. It was a good thing he still had the light sleep of a soldier, ready to jerk awake at the slightest sound of danger.
“Yes. I know, “Sherlock said, numbly. He stood up and weakly walked over to the kitchen counter to make himself some tea.
“A first impression tells a lot about a person, “Scott said, his mouth hard. “Excuse me if I don’t possess the patience or the naiveté to check if ‘people’ really turn out to be anything else than the stupid idiots they’ve proven themselves to be the first time.”
This was a great risk. Talking about this with John. It could end everything between them if he was wrong. He would not only be denied the prospect of starting something new and tender and exciting between them, but he would also endanger their friendship, threatening to destroy their strong bond with his foolish misperception of something that hadn’t actually been there.
He groaned at his own ridiculousness. Sherlock’s health was his priority now, nothing else mattered until he was okay again. He could think about the complicated nature of their relationship after Sherlock had recovered from … well from everything. Not only from his physical injuries but also from the mental stress he had had to endure for the past few weeks.
“Mr. Williams! This is a class on toxicology, not on ethics. Please refrain from starting unnecessary discussions about this. It only takes away time that we don’t have. And by the way, the Alpha didn’t ‘murder’ anyone. I’d also like to point out to you that the Omega in question drank the hydrochloric acid herself in order to kill herself. So she got her wish in the end, didn’t she? Her mate only made it possible for her, you could even say he did it out of kindness.”
“He depends on me?” John was shouting now, and he saw Greg raise an eyebrow in his peripheral vision, but he didn’t care. “He hates when I fuss over him and he has almost strangled me since the day when he was first attacked. I was the one who forced him to eat and sleep and have a rape kit done, forced him not to work the case the way he’s used to. I’m the one slowing him down, keeping him in chains and he resents me for it. It’s completely understandable, from his point of view. But he certainly does NOT depend on me!”
But it was not the same devotion as John’s. John truly cared for him and since he had somehow ended up working as Sherlock’s partner, he had been there for him unconditionally. He had shot a man for him on the very first day they had met. He had jumped Moriarty on that day at the swimming pool, ready to sacrifice himself for Sherlock. Sherlock had been deeply touched by that act and the bond between them had been sealed on that day if it hadn’t been already before. He couldn’t imagine a life without John anymore, they were the perfect team, best friends solving crimes together.
He felt the attacker tug at the buttons of his trousers and more silent tears slid down his cheeks as he felt them being pulled down.
The moon was shining into the bedroom, illuminating the bed on which the two men lay entangled against each other. John dared to pull Sherlock against him and he brought his face close to Sherlock’s hair, breathing in the faint scent of pines and cleanliness.
“John, apparently, I need to be examined now.” His voice sounded tired and small. “Would you …. Would you mind staying with me during?” He didn’t look at John, apparently out of embarrassment and John felt his heart go out to his friend.
So it was with a fluttering stomach and anxious fingers rapidly drumming on the thick leather of his bag that he walked the corridors alongside Mike. Shortly before they reached the laboratories, he spotted Scott from afar, identifying his tall, lean form almost immediately. The young Beta was leaning against the wall in the corner with his hands in the pockets of his black blazer, looking incredibly bored as stared at the phone in his hands, waiting for their seminar to start.
Behind his laptop, Sherlock’s fingers stilled. They were trembling hard and he took one hand into the other to stop the shaking, throwing a wary look into his brother’s direction to check if he had seen it. But Mycroft was busy, standing in the corner, speaking into his phone.
John was pleased. If Sherlock was in the mood to watch stupid telly shows with him, that was probably a good sign.
“I just wanted to help, okay?” he said, disappointment clear in his voice. “That’s all. There is no agenda, I really don’t know where you got that idea.”
Sherlock was already waiting downstairs when John finally came down his stairs again with his jacket on.
“Oh, he just waited for someone to come in and make the first move so that he wouldn’t be the one to do so. But now that you’re here, I’ll give him…” – John looked at his watch – “oh, I think, ten minutes at the most.”
John tried again. “Sherlock. I was so worried about you when you disappeared on me. Again. I was going mad trying to find you, you can ask Greg. I only want you to be safe, don’t you understand?” His tone was different now, almost pleading and Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in surprise.
He seemed quite proud of his military achievements and his position and John smiled at that. He reminded him of himself, a good ten years younger. Then he frowned. The bloke even looked a little like him with the blond hair and the sturdy frame.
He was on the verge of unconsciousness again when he was suddenly dropped onto the ground. It felt different … why?
Sherlock scowled at him for another moment and when John did not move a muscle, he then snatched the toast out of John’s hand. “Fine!”
The door to their apartment flew open and they jumped apart in shock. Greg Lestrade stood in the doorway, arms akimbo, a little out of breath as he stared at them curiously. Coming to a halt right behind him was Mycroft, dressed as usual in an immaculate three-piece suit, his outfit completed by the inevitable umbrella in his right hand, his brow creased in a somewhat scowling manner.
Charles nodded, trying to suppress his proud grin in front of his older brother, but failed. “Yeah. I did. Told you I was going to do it someday.”
“I realized that I was utterly, madly in love with you. That I must have been in love with you for quite some time without realizing it. That I admire your strength and your confidence, your ability to sweep into a room and just own everybody, and everything. Your kindness. Your absolute wish to help people, trying to pretend that it’s all about the case when in reality, you feel for the people who have been robbed, hurt, or killed. You care, Sherlock. You care so much. And you have so much to give. You….have given me everything, Sherlock. You have returned me to life when I thought there was nothing left it could offer me. I came back from the war, a hopeless, broken man. I had nothing. I was sad and lonely and had no purpose in the world. You gave me a new purpose, Sherlock. You gave me a new sense of living. You...you saved me, Sherlock.”
“It’s a little hard to answer that, Doctor Watson. When I came here first, Mr. Holmes seemed well enough. I was warned that he tends to be a little …. difficult when it comes to looking after himself and getting treatment. So I was prepared when Mr. Holmes yelled at me for trying to make him eat and letting me look at his shoulder. To be honest, I still felt uneasy about the whole thing, because I couldn’t possibly force him to be tended to. But Mr. Mycroft Holmes was still there when his brother did that, and he made it very clear that he would not hesitate to return him to the hospital if he didn’t acquiesce to being treated and looked after by me. And this time it wouldn’t be a public hospital but one of the private ones where treatment would be a little different than before. More, let’s say, ‘intense’.”
The soft gasp that came from John set Sebastian alight, causing him to lean forward to get a closer look. Sebastian wanted to tear the soft shirt from him and run his hands over every inch of him. His mind screamed, something wanting to break free, wanting to remind him of tea in the sand. He almost wanted to-
Sebastian nodded weakly, struggling to keep his eyes open. Jim stood as well, leaving through the open door James had tugged open. “There won’t be a next time.” Sebastian mumbled, closing his eyes as James smirked.
“Complicated.” Sherlock mumbled, forcing one eye open. The other seemed to refuse to cooperate at all, remaining shut.
“Yes…accident. Sebastian was being held as a P.O.W. in a group that owed Moriarty. He went in and had them killed…Sebastian had killed his jailers and stumbled out into the arms of James Moriarty. The torture broke Sebastian completely.” Mycroft frowned, looking down and away.
John had made Sherlock promise to eat more. Even if it was sweets, John didn’t care. Something here and there eased the Doctor’s tensions.
“I’m guessing that Mycroft sent you.” Jim said, watching for any reaction. He smirked softly as the eyes widen in the man.  “Good.”
“Why would I meet someone I hate?”John asked, rolling his eyes a bit, amused as he watched the young man. Sebastian chuckled.
The sniper smiled a bit before leaning forward and kissed John’s forehead. “Lead us home, Captain.” He murmured, pulling away to go back to his seat.
The cold detached thought floated into Sebastian's mind as he stared at the door. He blinked slowly and then turned his head away, his heart racing. His tongue flickered out to wet his chapped lips as he stared at the ceiling. He couldn't keep the sound of screams out. His hands shook as the door down the hall slammed shut and they moved onto the next room...
“John...”Sherlock opened his eyes, looking down at him. He reached a hand up to stroke over his face lightly, before touching the scar on his shoulder lightly.  The doctor looked up at him, his eyes hazy with sleepiness.  Sherlock smiled, kissing his head lightly.
As they sat down to eat, John attempted asking again of his slave's sudden interest in house work, but he received no better answer. Holmes began asking him about his day at the clinic, and it was hours later John realised Holmes had carefully manipulated him the entire evening not to ask again. Given the previous experiences with Holmes behaving like a normal slave had him suspicious, but Holmes assured him his intentions were good when John confronted him again. John was beginning to suspect Holmes was prone to phases like these.
Mycroft disappeared into Mummy's office among with the strangers who would soon take them away. Sherlock stayed with Redbeard until they came to take him away. Sandy tore him away from the dog and held him with all her strength as he kicked and clawed to get himself free. Redbeard barked and fought against his leash.
“I read its file”, she replied, but hurried to continue: “There’s nothing wrong with the file or the slave.”
"Thank you, ma'am," he said, ignoring the touch. People touched him all the time. To get his attention. To correct him. To discipline him. To remind him off his place. To generally remind him he wasn't a human being to the same extent they were. And sometimes, if he was very good, to reward him.
"An enemy. Perhaps even "archenemy"", the slave mused before tilting his head sideways and adopting a more serious look. "Tad dramatic, don't you agree, master Watson?"
John spoke little. They mutually avoided each other on the days Sherlock was to leave with strangers. Only the television provided some background noise while they ate and the longest conversation they had was when Sherlock asked to be allowed to leave the house the following day.
"Holmes?" She didn't look in the least surprised by the knowledge that a slave had possibly gone missing. "He ran off a while ago. He does that."
"I'm going back to bed," John said. "Drink the tea and go to sleep. Don't worry about cleaning any of this up now. It can wait."
She looked at him pointedly, like a person who dealt with similar situations on daily basis. ”Yes. Also helps that there are no previous ownership records in the national database.”
"He seems to like me just fine," Sherlock let his brother know, acting far more confident than he felt. John seemed determined to "win" —to endure his behaviour and keep him. For now at least. Part of him feared what he knew would happen once he stepped over the line and John returned him. There was a part of him that wished for John to get fed up with him. Discard him like a faulty object he was, as so many had done before him. Because John was different. John made him feel...made him nearly forget what he was. A dangerous thing for a slave to feel, and a terrible ache in his chest each time he was brought down and reminded of his true place. They were not equals. John wouldn't forget for long what he was.
Mrs Hudson, cheerful as ever, visited around midday with biscuits and interrupted his experiments. Her slave Billy was visiting his mother who lived somewhere near Dorset Square. Mrs Hudson had seen him at Baker Street station with a "for sale" sign, handing out his owners' email addresses to those interested. She'd ended up buying him with a little IT help from Mrs Turner (or her slave) next door.
"Once you prove yourself trustworthy, you won't be locked in," she spoke. "Goodnight, Holmes. I'll let you out in the morning. You can help me prepare breakfast."
"No, just John. I've never been called 'master' before, it's weird", he admitted, but hurried to continue: "Obviously you'll call me 'master' in public."
"A slave," he replied. John needn't know he was meeting a client. The case didn't sound particularly promising, but when a slave started her message with "Mr Holmes, I fear someone is going to murder me" he would not refuse to meet her.
when it came to Holmes. He started over: "What happened? Were your parents in financial trouble or..?"
Right, off to work then. The kettle was easy enough to spot, but he needed to rummage the cupboards to find a cup and the tea (bags, no loose leaves, but Dr Watson didn’t seem to own proper tea, so there was little actual brewing involved). There was milk in the fridge, but he couldn’t locate any sugar cubes, just regular sugar.
His attitude remained the same on Monday when John woke up with a minor hangover. Soft spoken and polite. Slightly bowed head and little to no eye contact.
He could have him scrub the floors, cook for him, give him a massage, wash his clothes, do the shopping, have sex with him. Initially, it was up to John when and where the slave would sleep, when he could use the bathroom, where he could sit or stand and when he could talk or whether he’d be allowed to have his own opinions. Every word the slave said and every talent he might possess would belong to John. It was a strange and slightly terrifying thought.
“Fine”, John sighed and stepped out to accompany his new property. The doors hissed closed in front of him and the bus took off.
Lestrade!" Sherlock hurried to interrupt the man's greeting. "So good to see you again", he said with a bow. "It's
Sherlock took one last look at his master before turning away. Taking support from the banister he dragged himself upstairs as hastily as he could. He'd made John angry plenty of times, but this was the kind of rage he'd witnessed after he had refused to kowtow in front of the Yard.
The map of Britain loaded with a blue dot on London. John tried to zoom in, but the free service only let him know that Holmes was somewhere in the area. It wouldn't zoom close enough for him to be able to pinpoint an exact street. He checked back the three days the service allowed, but the only time the dot significantly moved was when Holmes had been given to John and they'd left the InS holding centre. But it
So he stayed silent and still, listening to the man's harsh breathing and how he tossed himself on his stomach, burying his face into the pillow. Sherlock didn't feel sorry for him. As a slave he should have felt some sort of compassion for his master, even for a new one, but Sherlock had never been like that. Would never be. He had never given up his pride or his free will, not even in Florida, even if it had been close. His body might have belonged to someone else for the majority of his life, but he'd never surrender his thoughts or feelings. Those no one could take from him unless he gave them.
He didn't care. All that mattered now was to know who the woman was. It didn't matter he was a slave and she wasn't. The pull for her and the yearning for something familiar were all he could think of, and in that moment there was nothing more important in the world than figuring out who this person was and to hear her speak again.
"Thought I wouldn't notice?" John muttered. Was he testing John? Was it some sort of a power struggle? He hadn't forgotten the staring contest in the cab. Holmes was definitely no ordinary slave, but two could play the game and he'd be damned if he was going to lose to a slave. Holmes would need to learn his place and John
"Well. Aren't you a pretty one," the guest commented. Her fingers brushed at his side. A violinist, Sherlock observed as he filled her cup. Not unusual at all in their household. Perhaps she was a student after all. Or a former friend. Mistress had had a moderately successful solo career before meeting her husband.
Also I decided to just throw some of the characters that will make an appearance in the near future to the tags.
Holmes didn't reply and they didn't talk about his brother or freeing slaves again. He behaved well that week. Whether it was because of Lestrade's influence or because he'd met his brother, John didn't know. Perhaps it was just that he was busied and thrilled by their move to Baker Street. It added to his good mood that his commuting pass was ready.
He never learnt her name. Before becoming a permanent addition to his nightmares, she had been just another slave seeking for freedom. She had sat behind him on the boat and all he remembered was the baby crying almost constantly.
"Look, I know I was angry last night and lost my temper, but I'm not going hurt you for cleaning the loo", John reassured, gesturing with his arm. The room was cleaner than the day he moved in. "God, you've really been doing this all night... What even took you so long?"
Sherlock flinched at his tone. John's mouth was a thin line with a slight hint of a smile as he glared at the men who had brought him back. His hands Sherlock sometimes saw tremble were perfectly still.
"When he's sixty and only if he serves his mistress acceptably," his slave replied. He managed to say it as if the idea appalled him.
John cut himself off. He didn't need to ask, Holmes was his slave. He cleared his throat and started again. "Holmes, I want coffee."
Sherlock grunted and waved the comment off with his right hand. The left he kept on his lap, out of sight. The disorientation faded a little again.
"This is nice," John commented, shifting under the duvet to find a good position. "I haven't had a bed warmed since I was a kid. We had a slave when Harry and I were kids, you know," he spoke.
"I helped Angelo get off a murder charge a few years ago," he explained instead. He finally got his eyes off the window for a moment to tilt his head to look at Angelo from the corner of his eye. "Master Watson is my tenth owner."
It had been his sad duty to assure the soon to be dead slaves that yes, they had been very useful indeed and that no it wouldn't hurt at all.
"Undoubtedly", Sherlock agreed. "Almost fourteen months. But just little over a week with master Watson."
Holmes's face fell as if he only now remembered his position. His entire posture changed from that of full confidence into a submissive one that made him look smaller than he really was, and reluctantly he returned from the doorway to John's side.
?" It had been voided several years ago when he'd been handed to a new owner, but it could be renewed any time. This slave started to look more and more like a real bargain. So far he had been nothing but well behaved, polite and helpful if you didn't count the cooking fiasco. John couldn't see why the handler had had such a low opinion of Holmes. The more he had read the file that described the slave's qualities and abilities the more impressed he felt. His slave was in fact well educated.
"Don't," John warned, but the man ignored him. He lunged at John, so John swept him back against the wall with such force that he groaned and blinked in dazed confusion.
"You would've let me?" Sherlock asked, genuinely surprised. So far he had scheduled all his computer time for when John was out or taking a shower, because he would have never assumed John to allow him to use it. People in general were not encouraged to let slaves use computers on their own. Who knew, the slaves might even learn about slave right movements that way. Or try to book a trip to Norway.
John scoffed at his argument. "Really? And where do you think they buy their stuff? They may have abolished slavery, but their countries run on slaves nevertheless. Bunch of hypocrites."
"Well, I wouldn't have signed a contract for a slave like him anyway", Mike said somewhat disgustedly. "My slave behaves like a proper slave, but I wouldn't sign her a contract."
"They did," he confirmed. No use trying to deny it. He had been the one to suggest renting in the first place.
"Oh it's alright, it's fine!" she hurried to reassure him. "Don't be afraid. It's nice to hear a familiar accent once in a while. I haven't been to England for two years now. I always think about visiting, we have a house in London you see, but my husband is so busy and well..." She let out a breath. "There's just no time."
For the past days he'd left one more button of his shirt undone to show more skin. He'd paid attention to his body language to seem more submissive. He had brushed his hand against John's body whenever there was a chance to do so accidentally. Subtle hints to let his master know he was available and willing –even desired it.
John paused to fumble for words, to find a way to explain that he just couldn't let himself forget that. That when he looked at Holmes he saw brilliance, but he knew he wasn't supposed to. It wasn't proper. He wasn't supposed to say it out loud, he wasn't supposed to look at his slave like that. Slaves were not people.
"Revenge doesn't explain why he didn't shoot until I was in danger," he pointed out, annoyed that Lestrade suggested someone else might have found the cabbie, too. The DI should have known better. "But if any of the victims have an army level sniper in their family, let me know."
"Lestrade managed to bribe him to borrow me couple of times, but I haven't worked much with the Yard since 2004 when I was sold to my seventh owner. And then of course... I was sold to Florida."
"According to his own words, no." Holmes had been reluctant to talk about it or any of his previous escape attempts. Who knew how many there had been in reality? He was willing to bet there had been more than the recorded ones with police involvement.
, he reminded himself. There was still the deadly gamble, there were still things he wanted to figure out.
The slave complied with a slight bow of his head and slipped past him. Not an inch of him touched John despite the cramped space. When John was done, Holmes stood waiting right behind the door, but was quick to step aside to let him pass. Slightly creepy that.
"PTSD", the interviewer had said the cursed four letters. "We can't have someone suffering from PTSD scrubbing brain matter from the walls."
"No one should", Mike mused. "It's a ridiculous thing to do, not to mention completely irresponsible. Slaves don't know how to function as people. They have their purpose in life. It's thoughtless to take them that away, even if it might sound like mercy. Humans are not equal. That's just a fact."
"That cabbie wasn't exactly a nice guy. I've seen plenty of people die, and some of them were pretty good people, too. I killed few myself, people and slaves alike. Tonight isn't going to weight much compared to that."
Most house slaves, especially personal slaves and bed slaves slept in the same room with their master or mistress. Under the bed was a popular spot if the room didn't have slave cupboard, but John's bed didn't have a slave space, and was thus too low for Holmes to sleep under it. Quite frankly, he didn't want a slave sleeping under his bed. Just having him in the same room felt odd enough. Holmes seemed happy enough with the floor, or at least he hadn't complained. John was fairly certain Holmes was the kind of slave who would make it known if he thought his meagre rights were neglected.
"If you came to wish me a happy anniversary, you're late," he sighed when the door opened. He ought to have wished Mycroft a happy belated birthday, but he didn't. If Mycroft wanted to commemorate either occasion he should've showed up on the actual day. He didn't bother getting up from the sofa or opening his eyes. He heard Mycroft move in the room and come to a halt at the armchairs.
Sherlock had no love for his seventh owner. Master Singh was a sadistic man who enjoyed tormenting his slaves.
"You're such a disappointment, Sherlock. Never knew when to keep your mouth shut. Mummy and Daddy are
He moaned and dragged himself on the seat. The flashing lights of the cars passing by made him feel nauseous and he was reminded of The Oyster House again. Of the flashing lights, loud music and people dancing. Of hands on his body, the smell of alcohol in their breaths and the despair at the face of it all.
," he scoffed despite his hands would've been shaking like leaves next to his legs were he not balling them into tight fists.
And while Sherlock hated to make it obvious he was a slave, it did make shopping faster. He couldn't have hidden his status at a supermarket even if he had wanted to. The cursed chip in his arm alerted the cashier to check if he was allowed to even have money on his person, so he rolled his shoulder and let the cashier scan his arm before the shoppings.
She closed the door, leaving Sherlock into almost complete darkness. The narrow streaks of light weren't enough to help him see. He heard the latch move, locking him in.
John licked his lips unconsciously. "I know. It's just...nothing really happens", he told helplessly.
John folded his arms and there it was. Tongue darting out as he considered it. "Have you done it before?"
“Of course...” John muttered, regarding the man silently. After a while he spoke again: “So... I don’t think I caught your name yet?”
John wasn't so easily convinced, nor would this slave gain anything by flattery. John wasn't his master.
"The thing is," he said, standing up as well, "I sort of think I know how you feel. People don't really notice slaves, do they? It's the same with us cabbies," he told, watching like a hawk as Sherlock fumbled to unscrew his bottle.
Mummy had died instantly when the car hit the door on her side. Daddy was still alive, just barely, when Mycroft despite his fractured fibula had helped Sherlock out of the car through its shattered back window. His father had died before the rescuers cut him out. He didn't remember much of it.
"That's what his papers suggest. It doesn't seem to have had much of an effect so far. I'm his tenth legal owner. And there's a three year gap where he was listed as lost property."
"Ah, yes", Sherlock said, turning around upon noticing his mistake. "Detective Inspector, this is my current owner Doctor John Watson. Master, this is DI Lestrade from Scotland Yard."
"No I'm not", Holmes agreed calmly, still choosing to keep his eyes cast down like he was expected to. Only he hadn't done it to this extent so far, not when he was first shown to his new master, not when John had actually been angry with him. Maybe duct taping his mouth had been enough to show him who was in charge after all. John's instincts insisted it was too good to be true, but the more rational side of him reassured that this man was a slave, enslaved as a child. Whatever the rebelliousness almost free man like behaviour had been, this,
Considering what he had just heard of the said husband, John didn't know how to respond. Holmes was waiting for him at the second landing, in front of two doors. He opened one of them, showing him in. Clearly he had been to the house before.
John inwardly grimaced at the description. Most people referred to slaves as him or her when their sex was clear, but there were always those who preferred “it”. She obviously had the slave's paperwork on her screen, so she fell into the latter category. But perhaps it came with the line of work.
"Please, stop! Think of Redbeard," she tried to reason with him. "It's inevitable and you're making this harder for him."
Sherlock nodded, still sobbing into his hands. No matter how much he wanted to, he wouldn't dare to try to ruin his sale. "Just tell me why," he pleaded again. At least that he had to know.
“Sherlock...Only when you're ready.”John said, sipping his tea, enjoying the mellow taste. “I think you're brilliant, but you need to take this at your pace...not mine.”
Sebastian shrugged. “Dogs won’t go near ‘em. They take bullet fire, but won’t go near some damn bugs.”He said, reassembling his gun. He put it away, looking to John properly.
Jim sighed, glaring at him before walking away, Sebastian following him. They got into a car as Jim worked away on his phone. Sebastian settled into his seat, looking out the window, watching the rain start to fall down. He smiles, glad London’s weather was so damn predictable.  He inhaled deeply, taking in the smell of cold and rain, relaxing.  He felt tired…It had been a long day. Guns, explosions…it was productive, but tiring. He frowned as they stopped in front of a modern London flat.
“Shame…really…I was hoping I would be able to do that tonight.” James hummed, leaning up to bite harshly at Sebastian’s neck.
Sebastian made sure the dogs grabbed John first, making sure that their handlers had the captain first.
Sebastian’s fingers brushed over the metal of the gun tucked in Jim’s pants waist. His fingers wrapped around it as he stood and turned. “Told yah, yer foked.” Sebastian raised the gun and shot the man in the head.
“No guns around Rosie…eyes, ears…body parts. Experiments that involve masks, not here.” John picked up his tea, returning to it.
Mycroft could wait another day. John’s safety was more important. His drug addled mind tried to reach out to the furthest corners of his memory, but found himself struggling. Sherlock couldn’t solve this one just yet…Was it simply just Sebastian wanting to get at John?
“Can we go home now, Captain?” Sebastian's eyes were scared, bright. “Yah promised we could go home...”
“See…I keep my duckies in line and my best ducky needed to draw out my tail.” Came the cold Irish lilt from behind Sebastian.
“It’s nothing John, just going over some information I hadn’t considered before.” Sherlock spoke smoothly.
John nearly laughed as Sherlock turned towards him, opened his mouth, and then closed it. Such a brilliant man under all that mess, and he couldn’t even grasp simplicity. John called a cab for them, not wanting the cakes to melt on the way home.
Hands were tied tightly above his head with the tie he had picked out that morning, the vest and jumper torn and dirtied, deliberately cut open along the middle of the chest. John was supporting a busted lip and a bruised cheek, and what look like the start of a black eye. Tousled hair hung in his face as it seemed to be forced back to look at the camera. His defiant glare put Sherlock at ease, knowing John was alert. Blood had stained the torn jumper and smeared across the exposed chest of the captain. Sherlock scrolled the picture down, relaxing a bit. John’s pants were fine and the belt still in place.
The tension in the classroom was palpable. John, like everyone else, watched with bated breath as Magnussen stepped forward to Scott’s desk, forcing the standing student to raise his head in order to meet the taller man’s hard gaze.
John was astonished to hear the exasperated sigh of Sherlock’s brother at the other end of the line.
He slowly climbed up the stairs in the middle of the room and John could detect the increasing scents of fear and terror permeating the air. The situation was horrible, but he couldn’t do anything but stare in disbelief.
His friend raised an eyebrow. “Yes, John, of course. I’m fine. Everything’s good. I should ask you how you’re doing. Aren’t you mad at me for tricking you?”
He didn’t bother answering. That wasn’t important now. So he resumed his pacing and tried not to bite his hand while he was doing it. Being separated from Sherlock was simply …. not good for him right now, it felt as if something essential had been taken away from him. He needed to be with him, only then would he be able to calm down. He took a deep breath and resumed his pacing.
“Right.” Greg got up and followed Mycroft to the door, then he seemed to have a thought, turning to Sherlock again.
Hurrying forward, ducking behind two pig pillars respectively, they crouched forward and tried to see.
Red-hot fury threatened to consume him and he wanted to scream at Mycroft, insult him so much that he would get angry and leave him alone but as he opened his mouth once more to hurl out more insults, a sharp pain flared up in his skull and he staggered, reaching out to his forehead involuntarily.
Suddenly it was quiet, and John just stood there next to Sherlock’s bed, just staring at the ground.
He knew now for sure that he was in love with Sherlock, there was no getting around that simple truth.
“I’m going to sit in the front, “John muttered, as he stopped suddenly, wiping his sweaty hands on the front of his jeans.
“I’ll get us some coffee from the cafeteria, alright?” Mike said as he grabbed his bag and made for the door. “Be quick about your shower, class starts in twenty minutes. I’ll wait for you outside.”
This was where his inexperience in such matters was a real hindrance to him. What was he supposed to do? Should he act shy or should he say straight out what he wanted? Should he try to initiate intimacy or was he expected to wait for John to make the first move?
