His heart instantly broke at the sight, crumbling down all the way to the garage "what is going on?" His voice cracking, his hand shaking on the doorknob.
He smiled down at Dean "I'd love to."
Charlie shook her head knowing that Dean listened to Metallica to calm himself down, but she wanted to talk to him, so he went over to his phone and shut off the Bluetooth. Yes, Charlie easily knew his passcode.
From the memory and the punch like feeling in his head, Cas pulled back.
“Are you coming to Kevin’s tonight to play D&D?” He planned it yesterday asking everyone through text “He texted me last night about it.”
"We sure did," He finally said it "that was one hell of a night a good memory the way you kissed me" she practically moaned at the memory "remember what you told me right after?"
“I do, come on,”
He stopped in his tracks to chuckle before turning towards her "And you weren't supposed to cheat. How could you?"
"No, he's around" He told her "he along with Sam, Eileen, Charlie and a few others are helping me out trying to get my memories."
"I am" Cas walked out of the house closing the door for Dean led him to the car and held the door open for him.
"Really picking up my sexual orientation? How did you even know to come here? I sure as hell didn't call" How did she even know the address.
"Stop what?" She acted all innocent.
Dean:
Charlie made her way into the garage to be greeted with Metallica playing as Dean's legs were sticking out from under Baby.
"I know Dean," Natasha hated this too "he seems to have retrograde amnesia."
The teacher corrected her “It’s Winchester, but that is a little too proper for my taste, so in the classroom just call me Dean.”
"Really, of what?" Dean wanted to know.
Castiel spent most of the day in the nurse’s office, he was pretty dizzy for some time causing him to throw up twice as he laid down with an ice pack on his nose. She wanted him to go home, but Cas refused to go home besides Charlie was his ride home. By lunch time he was starving and wanted to go eat lunch with his friends. The nurse checked him out again to see that his dizziness was in fact gone, however if he needed to, he had to come back immediately. Thankful that she let him free, he left. He didn’t feel that great and the expression he showed proved that, but he wanted out of the nurse’s office after so many hours.
"Back on the street."
To be polite, he didn’t barge right in “Charlie?” he asked as his knuckles hit against the door, knocking.
"Me too" Cas agreed, stopping the grinding to get off his lap to sit next to him. "I top?"
Charlie:
“Is not!” he tried to argue, while he couldn’t even see his face.
"I like that, but I feel like we bypassed the first date when we made love last night" they didn't go on dates yet, they went right to making love last night.
"Since it is your intention to enter into marriage please declare your vows"
"In my defense when I said the f word, I had no idea he was there" Dean tried.
Arriving and parking his Baby, Dean and Sam made a dash out of the car and towards a beige colored concrete building. Hanging above the entrance was a cheerful teal colored sign they had to walk under. Dean felt like it was mocking him in some way.
"I am" Without another word, Dean got up to go to the bathroom, locking the door.
“Because I am the King of Sioux Falls High”
“Oh my God, Cassie.” Charlie gushed, walking over to him as he didn’t move.
Cas sat on the hood of Dean's baby watching the sun going down on the water having the water shine off a beautiful yellowish orange glow.
"I will call you immediately now go before I drag you out of here."
A flash of a younger Dean flowed into Cas's mind.
"Dean," Cas moaned into the kiss.
Castiel was at home that night with Charlie working at the coffee shop. With no homework to do yet, an enjoyable night for Cas was laying on his comfortable bed reading a good book with an ice pack on his nose. A book he bought after school at Barnes and Nobles: ‘Super Fake Love Song’ by David Yoon. It was a pretty good book getting through the first seven chapters before his eyes started to close, drifting off into a nap as the ice pack slide off his face and the book fall onto his torso.
Eileen didn't hear it, but she actually knew "That must be Dean, you should answer that."
“And we will” Dean responded soothingly, gazing into his eyes.
Charlie:
"You usually make the coffee" Dean pointed to the machine that wasn't on.
Down and up
In what way
“Finally, you big Moose” Dean sighed.
Sam sat down on one of the wooden stools by the kitchen island "I dropped her off at her mom's house. She is staying there for the night."
"Oh," Castiel walked in
“Castiel” Dean called out
"Here ya go" Dean gave him the condom
She laughed thinking it was dumb "You call this a date?"
"You have to be naked too" Cas didn't want to be the only one naked.
He nodded, finally closing the cash register “Yeah, she works at the high school I work at.”
Dean nodded, explaining more "You left her that night after catching her cheating."
Dean nodded "I did. You really like my lasagna you used to tell me that it was better than your moms."
Smack
"Yes, you do" Dean thought Cas looked good in everything, even that trench coat Cas was obsessed with "but you always do."
“Then hell yeah.” She clapped, looking over at Castiel “We are going right, Cassie?” She always loved when the four of them went.
A picture
Dean gazed into his eyes looking hopeful.
"What is your full name?"
"Would you like to spend the night here?" She tried, figuring to try and get him away from Dean.
“I agree” Charlie answered “But like I said I did suggest you stay home.” Since it being Friday was brought up again.
Sam threw on a pair of boots and a jacket before they were out the door worried as fuck.
"So, he left over it?" Charlie was shocked. "Why didn't he come to me?"
Eileen pushed him forward "Just answer the door."
"Mind telling me what that was" Cas started folding her arms.
Cas was trying to recall that memory again "I think I was with Charlie and Kevin eating at the Mac and Cheese Grill asking if they still had the toasted ravioli special...for the life of me I can't remember the answer."
The precum that gathered was enough to make his hand to slide effortlessly down and up
I know!
With Dean being alone downstairs, his thoughts went back to his husband, Cas still missing him, so you know what he decided to face time him hoping that he will pick up.
"Ew really?" It was Dean's turn to be disgusted "you want Cas back and your fucking someone else, what is wrong with you?"
"Okay, let's hear it" Cas wanted to hear the evidence.
To Dean, Cas didn’t look okay, but class needed to get started. Letting go of Cas he told them “Come inside.” As he headed in.
“Trying to give me a heart attack on our first day back?” she tiredly asked followed by a yawn.
"Over to them" Cas shouldn't be around her.
Sam felt his entire body tense why is she here? Dean didn't tell Sam that Meg was back.
"How about 'All Saint's Day" Sam noticed one of their favorite Halloween movies trending. Sam wasn't big on Halloween, but he enjoyed the movie, knowing Dean did too.
"You cook?" Cas had surprise in his voice.
"I am, but I want to talk to you." Cas wanted to knock out, but Dean was more important "I miss you so much."
"No, I like your naked body" Dean admitted "But anyway I had a thought and wanted to ask you what's your favorite book."
"Of course, follow me"
Cas wanted to change out of his shirt, jeans, and jacket to be more comfortable. There weren't any dressers in their room so he looked for a door he would assume be their closet. There was one on one side of their bedroom and one parallel to the other wall. 50/50 chance - Cas went to the left to find the biggest marble bathroom he ever seen in his life. This clearly wasn't a closet, but might as well shower, he just wanted to get clothes first. He went to the other room to reveal a walking closet that was as big as their bedroom. There was jean, shorts, t shirts, long sleeves, fancy clothes, bathing suits, robes, hoodies, hats and jackets hung up both sides so he figured one side had to be his and the other one had to be Dean's. Which one was his? He doesn't know. He had to take a guess getting a pair of sweatpants, a short sleeve, and a hoodie to get dressed.
“I’ll do it!” Crowley called out
Dean noticed the movie on the screen "Oh hell yes" he almost forgot that this movie was on Netflix before pressing play and grabbing himself a slice.
"I will see you around" He rushed to the door.
That wasn't for Meg, but for Dean.
Dean nodded “You work here?”
Within a couple of minutes, Dean pulled over near a secluded area along the water. The sight Cas was met with took his breath away. The sun was beginning to set casting a beautiful glow of orange and yellow looking like a perfect photo. "We're here come on" Dean got out of his side.
Unable to drive for a while, Castiel's car was damaged anyway so Dean drove Cas back to their home.
"Yes," Dean Winchester was a raging bottom! Dean needed him now, he sat up for his fingers to tug off Castiel's shirts. Cas followed his lead lifting Dean's shirt to throw it off somewhere in the room. Pants and boxers had to come off next.
“I am kidding, Cassie!” She giggled at him while putting the lid onto the cup of coffee “Though he seems to like you” she peeked behind me “He keeps glancing at you.”
Cas jumped in his seat do to the sudden unnecessary pain “Ow! What was that for?”
Not wanting to drive in silence and have a good ride, he put in Metallica to drum along to, on the steering wheel.
There was one teacher he never heard of before that was on his list.
"It's the eye of the tiger."
A soft sigh escaped his lips when Dean questioned "Do you like this?" he was grinning down at him, loving that he gets to see Cas come undone like this.
Dean:
have a little fun
Dean seemed to be surprised by this “You made the pie?”
I'd love to
"There was someone" and that someone was the man she cheated on him with "but because of the move we broke up."
Dean had a good memory, but word for word he can't do "I don't remember every word, but I did say something along the lines of: When I met you, I was drawn to you immediately and I knew I wouldn't be able to live without you. I needed you. We were both in a dark place and we fixed each other, then I talked about our journey as a couple knowing it wasn't over for us, wanting more. I wanted a future with you and so I asked if you'd marry me" Dean grabbed his left hand turning Castiel's ring slightly. "Followed by hot sex in the car."
Cas shook his head, wishing they would tie the knot ready "I think she's been waiting for a long time."
He was being asked that a lot today “Yeah.”
"What the hell are you doing here?" Dean shot towards her the second Cas was out of earshot.
Charlie shot her hand up “Me!”
"Charlie, De and I wanted to ask you something" Cas started, it's why they had her come over, she suggested she'd bring ice cream.
“Well I then it’s something I can recommend to you then” Cas thought he should give it a try since Cas was going to try the series Dean was reading.
Cas decided to do something different. A normal person would just shake their friend awake, but not a best friend. Castiel went for Charlie’s iPhone that was on her bedside table. It was still on and fully charged. Knowing the code, he let himself in, going to her iTunes to see the last song she listened to. It was a song by Pink, so on loud volume he pressed play.
Cas nodded "Okay" waiting for the coffee to pour out of the machine.
Little did he know, this day wouldn’t be so great, but that shouldn’t be unexpected. Castiel spotted Charlie instantly in gym as she was the only ginger in the room. She was standing around with their other friend’s Garth and Kevin along with Bess and Channing. He headed over to his friends. “Hey.”
“How hot is he?” Charlie gushed
Standing right in front of him was Mr. Winchester.
Dean led him to the dining room "Sam and his wife are staying here for a while. Let me introduce you to Eileen. Just to let you know she's deaf, but she can read lips so look at her when you're talking." He knew her already, but with his memory, he doesn't remember her.
"Fuck" came a small voice.
He didn't like kissing Meg that was music to his ears. "That's good to hear so then what's so something you want to try with me?"
Dean grinned and slipped the ring onto his left-hand ring finger. Once it was on Cas had no time to look at it on his finger. Dean attacked his lips "This is actually happening."
"My God that was a fantastic" opening his eyes to look at him, trying to catch his breath back "I have the best husband"
Jo was very pleased with a smile “Dam right.”
Looking up, he was going to apologize when he saw it was Raphael. He quickly decided to keep his mouth shut.
"I don't know I mean we been on at least fifty or more dates." Was Castiel's excuse.
"Fuck the things you do to me, Cas" Dean barely touched him and he was getting so turned on.
Cas told her "We are on a date."
"Castiel, don't talk to me that way." She felt like he was being rude.
Dean was already stuffing his face "Mmmm?"
Sam was pleased by his choice "I am cool with that."
happened, Dean-O
Cas leaned over the seat to get it.
"Hey, Dean" Sam walked through the front door taking off his bag filled with lawyer papers, throwing it off to the side and into the kitchen. Sam and Eileen were staying over at Dean and Castiel's house for the time being as they were renovating their house.
Feeling a presence in front of her she looked up and smiled "how can I help y-" she paused seeing how attractive Dean was "Oh hello."
It didn't take long before they both started to frantically thrust as the end was drawing near.
"Oh well if it isn't Moose" Meg greeted with a grin, walking back into the room.
Cas nodded "Yeah, I was in a car accident. A drunk driver hit me a few weeks ago. I hit my head causing me to have amnesia."
"I have to put the alarm on first" Dean opened the little white box that was near the door.
"No, you are showering with me."
It took a few seconds for Cas to pop up on the other end, he looked pretty worn out and tired.
Dean pulled into a burger king drive thru.
"Yes Sir" Dean did what he was told, turning over to gladly get onto his hands and knees.
“Bess.”
"Clarence, you can't let Dean win."
Dean had an idea in mind "I was thinking Bronco Billy or Pale Rider or maybe even Space Cowboys that's a good one!"
"I needed to get out of the house," He frowned, needing to cool off "Can I come in?"
"Yeah," Dean did most of the cooking "You do too sometimes."
Cas smiled at him, of course he would be used to coming home to kiss his husband he didn't mind honestly "It's alright."
"I'm all right I should stop drinking," placing his empty beer mug down "sober up and take Advil for the pain that I'm feeling."
Dean nodded, smiling back "Yes, it is."
"You think you like being an architect?" Meg had to ask, not liking that choice for him.
It felt like it was twenty-four hours when only three hours passed on by before Charlie found out where they were "hey boys"
"We have to go to the hospital now throw shoes on" Dean was urging to leave and go.
Cas had more questions on his mind "I'm really thirty-one years old?"
"Sure, what's up?" She took a bite of her ice cream.
Cas could see that Dean’s eyes were less green; dilated. “It felt amazing.”
Dean answered first "I figured you'd choose that, sure."
"The hospital? For what?" Sam had thoughts of Charlie cross his mind. Was she okay?
“Mr. – Dean I-” Cas tried
Eileen caught Cas walking down the stairs of their house, knowing about it "You look nice, Cas."
"Do you want to maybe have a date night tomorrow? I'd say tonight but I'll be working late."
Dean and Benny were having a friend night out, so Cas was doing the same with Charlie at some gay bar that Charlie wanted to check out.
After spending the day with Charlie, Cas came home to hear Dean in the garage, he took a shot going down there "Dean?"
"Will he be able to stay away from me?"
could that fuck
"He will be," she promised, having news to inform them "but he's not awake due to the swelling of his brain we won't know of any of his conditions until he wakes up."
after what he did!
Practically a week earlier? Dean was thrilled "Oh thank God. I can't wait!"
“Oh, come on” Dean informed, enjoying the song himself “you love this song and you know it”
“I tripped” Cas said quite quickly.
Dean:
She remembered them mentioning it "Yes."
Cas liked it, but had something else to say, pulling back "Oh and I punched Crowley."
"De?" Dean smiled "We're giving each other nicknames now? Hey Angel."
Their attention shot to her as Sam stood to his feet. On the other hand, Dean had a lot to ask "Is he okay? Is he in pain? Is he awake? Is he talking? Can we see him?" It was like he drank 10 cans of red bull so energized.
"It's time?" Dean's eyes widened with a hint of excitement
“Cassie?”
He was in jail! He was
"Does Dean know?" Was Cas the last to know?
Charlie:
Castiel brushed it off as he had to then go get his teachers order going back behind the counter to make his specialty coffee and three slices of pie.
Being a successful architect that Cas was, he was making pretty good money. Dean of course was making a decent amount of money as well, but Castiel's company paid him almost triple of what Dean's salary was.
Silence fell between us for a moment along with a weird feeling filling up his stomach. Cas can’t say it is a weird feeling but a pleasant one. He couldn’t explain it. He didn’t feel uncomfortable at all. It was nice. “so, uh’ Cas broke the silence away “This is a nice car” he had to admit. He didn’t see anything like it.
When he finished, it was Dean's turn to speak "I, Dean take you Cas for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health till death do us part"
Dean looked towards his younger brother “Really? Well, that is great, Sammy.” He was so happy for Sam.
"They had a fight and Cas left." Eileen cut in, leaving out about the lamp."
Dean took his eyes off the road looking at Cas, typical Dean “A 67 Chevy Impala, it was my dad’s he gave it to me as my first car.”
"Yeah because Charlie hooked up with one of her dream girls" Cas kept bringing up Charlie.
~~~~~~~~~~
“I did, yes.” Cas smiled into his lap before feeling a yawn coming on.
The room felt like it was miles away before being brought in a private room to find machines hooked up to Cas laying there in a hospital gown with a bandage wrapped around his head to cover up the surgery; a male doctor was looking at the machines.
Charlie was feeling upset by this, she felt so bad about what just happened. “Cas, I am so sorry.”
“Hey Kevin” He greeted
"Cas," Dean announced himself.
"Ew" Charlie made a face "I love Dean, but he's like a brother to me besides he doesn't have a vagina. I really like those. You know this"
"That is not what she told me." Dean's frustration was radiating to Cas "She said she's been a part of my life for a while."
You've been thinking
"Oh, come on," Cas groaned, he wanted to know.
Dean didn't need to stress over anyone yet fate had other plans. Days later an unexpected and unwelcome visitor arrived at their house just as Dean and Cas were pulling from another appointment at the hospital; no Crowley to be found luckily.
"Hey Sam," He greeted "How was work?"
Castiel practically died, feeling red heat not leaving his cheeks. Stop it, Castiel! He is your teacher!
That made Cas chuckle as Dean laughed along with him.
The only good news is that he's been showing progress while being knocked out, sure it takes quite a while for a brain to heal and work properly after being damaged with a fractured skull and being worked on however the swelling has gone down. This was no 50-50 chance he'll wake up, but the doctors don't have an answer. It is up to Castiel's body.
"Oh, we have dessert?" Cas definitely had room for sweets.
"I don't know apparently I do" Cas told her he did and he was decent at it.
"I was the first person you told after he proposed" That was a good memory for Charlie with them.
Sam had no care about his snack now on the floor, he stood on the other side of the bed opposite Dean "Cas!"
Dean was already at home after hanging out with Benny, he was on the couch flipping through channels on the TV by the time Cas got home.
“Bitch.”
Sam who was cuddled on the couch with Eileen told her "Hey, uh Dean is in the garage." "
“Nothing else, really.” Cas shrugged. There wasn’t much else to say what happened last night.
"I have a little bit of a headache" Cas admitted taking something before he came down "other than that I am fine."
~~~~~~~
In reality
Charlie had a very good reason “Because Dorothy told me she would be taking that class, and I needed an elective and in that category was the class she was taking so I took it.”
Charlie agreed "Yes, do that and tell Dean your awesome news."
“That is okay,” Dean reassured, wondering how nobody has wanted to kiss him by now “But uh” he paused for a moment “Would it be okay if I kissed you?”
“Thanks for the ride Mr. W- Dean.” Cas placed a hand on the door handle.
"I didn't though" Clearly since they were married now.
Dean looked to see Jo staring at him “What do you think you are some kind of Rockstar?”
Then the class started to go around starting off with Jenny. “I’m Jenny and I think you’re hot”
“I think so?” Cas wasn’t really sure.
“Good Morning” Castiel lowered the volume at a reasonable volume this early in the morning.
"Miss you too" Dean admitted "Sucks you missed pizza and movie night." That was a typical Friday night for them.
"No, he's at work." Cas told her.
"Happy?" She let out a chuckle "You're making me miserable! First you drop out of med school without discussing it with me.."
Dean pressed the fourth floor, waiting for the doors to open and step out.
Walking down the hall with his best friend, there was no trouble…. yet which was a relief so far while they walked past familiar faces, who he certainly won’t miss once this year is over.
Sam could see the look of love on Castiel's face "You are so in love dude"
"Oh, I won't throw you in" Cas was not going to be that mean to her. Instead he climbed in placing her down as the water washed down on them drenching them in the process. Charlie splashed him turning into a splashing fight making it a lot of fun. She figured she was already wet, so might as well laugh about it.
Cas got to clock out, hung up my apron, and got the hell out of there.
Everything has been looking great, there was no more blood and the stitches were doing their job. "At this rate you'll finally get to get out of this hospital by tomorrow."
Meg did the calculation ten years ago he was still in her life "So you don't remember Dean, is he gone?"
"Just stay," Sam tried throwing down his work bag "stop running off, please." He didn't want to have this lead down a bad road where they will divorce.
Cas nodded, knowing it wasn't a good thing to mention, but with his thoughts he needed to say this "She asked if she could. I honestly didn't want to, but she insisted thinking it would spark memories. When we kissed, I pulled away instantly, I barely kissed back. Nothing was there. It was wrong and I didn't like it."
"I don't know what to believe," Cas sighed looking to the ground before back to the Dean "I'm being told different things and I am getting so confused by everything."
Dean obeyed climbing in as Cas stayed out leaning on the car to watch him.
Noelle laughed knowing his love for books “you so would do that.” She knew that because he would read books during his break while the other coworkers would flirt with each other or the customers “Want to flirt some more with that cutie or take orders?” she was only joking.
Cas was pleased “Thank you, Dean.” He went to walk away, but stopped “By the way.” He turned his bookbag around to get better access opening the zipper to get something out of it.
No as long as you
“I’m coming” Sam rushed down the stairs almost out of breath in his checkered blue and red plaid shirt, jeans, and boots.
That was until he stood up to get a sip of beer, to find his phone vibrating nearby. "Who is calling me now?" he wondered out loud to himself.
“Whatever” climbing into the passenger seat.
Cas stomped down the stairs "Dean, what did I hear Jack say?"
Cas wasn’t going to admit to that, no way “Whatever you want to believe, Charlie.”
Slowly Dean turned only to be met with someone he thought he’d never see again. Lisa
He unlocked the car as she got in “Sorry I ran into Dorothy again. She stopped me to talk.”
Finally having time, Cas and Dean were able to put the final piece of the baby room together- the crib, which never comes already made.
"Bye" Cas walked out.
That wasn't the end of it, water ran down her legs.
Cas shivered in desire again unable to stop moaning as he raised his arms for one hand to be placed on Dean's shoulder and the other gripping onto Dean's hair causing him to groan out in pleasure, himself, pulling back with grin growing on his face.
Dean watched as Cas pulled out a book.
For Dean, Sam wanted to stay for Cas, but for his brother. He worried about him. Dean of course refused promising he would call if something happened.
He frowned "He said no."
He just didn't think this would end badly when Sam got home from work early "Hey Cas."
Dean was already eager "A little celebratory sex in the car."
"Nice of you to join us" Meg commented, standing next to Cas.
Sam sighed glancing at the floor "Meg was here."
Cas smiled handing her money "Thank you."
"Am I okay?" He raised one hand to feel badges on his head covering most of his hair and forehead.
Dean bluntly said "our wedding date."
Cas had a question "Oh you're building a house? Where?"
"Guys we have to go to the hospital"
Dean’s eyes shot from the road towards Jo, completely offended by this action “Woah, woah, woah what are you doing?”
“Uriel.”
me taking control
Dean could tell Cas wanted to and was a good student “Alright Monday morning before homeroom.”
“I do wonder who this Mr. Winchester is,” Charlie continued “I heard he is new. I hope he is an easy teacher.”
“Maybe, maybe not.” Jo was not going to give in and tell him.
“Three slices?” Castiel wanted to make sure he heard right.
Dean opened it to reveal the most beautiful ring Cas had ever laid his eyes on.
Dean wasn’t ashamed “Yes, I love pie, and I will have a coffee as well, but what is the Castiel Coffee?”
With her, Castiel won’t be picked last- even though it never bothered him “
Cas tiled his head in confusion "You have an alarm in the garage?" he didn't get that.
"Meg?" She looks older and her hair was now blonde.
It was peaceful.
"Oh," Cas caught on "Meg stopped by for a bit."
Cas stopped to look at the place "isn't this where Dean had made my engagement ring?"
Once the man in front of us paid, Charlie and Cas went up next. The girl asked "Can I help you?"
Dean couldn't think properly with Cas looking like that, his mouth watering, his body aching for him "Put boxers on or I'll jump you it's very distracting"
“Oh, uh okay?” Cas looked to Charlie who was walking backwards out of the class with a smirk on his face. He knew what she meant, yet he ignored it.
“What?” she asked confused, not getting why people were laughing.
"Jail?" Dean's ex-husband was in jail and now out? "What did he go to jail for?"
“ ‘A storm of swords’ by George RR. Martin” Dean lifted the book to show me the cover of it.
“Gym.”
"If he is there" Charlie was thinking about this "They are probably just talking. He won't leave you for her. This is hard for him, Dean you need to be patient and continue to help him remember. Before you know it, she will be out of his life again. I'm going to help take him out too and check on his progress okay? It'll all work out and be fine." She went in for a hug and kissed his cheek in a friendly way.
Homeroom – Mrs. Pillsbury Rm 102 (With Charlie)
"Stalks his prey in the night."
"He is not the boss of you" Jack reminded him, he can make his own decision.
BEEP BEEP BEEP
If she doesn't, I'll kick
Castiel sent her a look “Thanks but I’m fine”
Dean told punched in the six numbers "I am very protective of my baby. If someone broke in and even looks at her I would gank their asses"
"Yes" She sighed with the obvious "He can be a very big help to you."
Charlie cut him off "Dean-O, I am here. I will keep an eye on him, please go home."
Charlie smiled seeing that Dean was trying.
Dean had news for him "Around nine years ago when you told her you were in love with me."
Cas insisted, sitting up "You don't look okay."
"What? I'm your husband and that's Sam your brother in law." Dean tried to explain the obvious.
"You like teasing don't you!" Cas cried out, biting his lip "Fuck!"
"Cas," Dean called out to him from their bedroom.
Charlie’s mouth formed into a smile “Other than Dorothy, it seems like it will be a pretty fun class. We will be baking a lot. How was math?”
"Wait are you asking?" Charlie was trying to figure it out, they didn't mention adoption.
French- Mrs. Monet Rm 202 (By Himself)
"Clarence, what is wrong?" She didn't let go of his neck, wanting to pull him back in.
Now that Cas was inches from his side he had to ask. “What book are you reading if you don’t mind” he didn’t see the cover of the book.
Dean's face dropped "What why?" Why the Hell would she be in his house?!
"Cas, was that bad?" There was a slight joke to his words.
One night, Cas found the woman he thought he loved aka his fiancé, in bed with another man, a man named Uriel who he thought was his friend. This horrible night led Castiel to a bar where he met Dean Winchester which lead to a friendship, Cas finally letting his true gay self-come out, dates, dating for three years, engaged for a year, and now married for five years. Dean changed Castiel's life.
Cas hated gym-it was only tolerable when he could sit on the sideline.
Cas looked towards her again, "she has been cheating on me! Finding out her bullshit made me realize I never really loved her. I moved on and I found someone else, someone I really love."
Dean sighed, closing his eyes at Castiel's touch. It was comforting "Charlie told me something I wish I didn't know," he opened his eyes to lock with Castiel's blue ones.
Dean:
Dean Jumped out of bed, his mind not being able to take it anymore having him come back to reality. His heart was aching. Why did he dream that?
Who knows how long Castiel was actually just standing there staring? He probably looked like a mannequin if anyone noticed. He was just in a daze with the man again. Why though?
Castiel’s eyes were already wide “Charlie!” he wasn’t made more embarrassed. “I don’t have a crush.”
His green eyes scanned the room for a girl, no one else was here “Where is Jess?”
She sighed before answering him "He's breathing, but he hit his head pretty hard. He's being prepped for emergency surgery. I insisted to help out so I have to go just get here."
"Cas," Dean was getting to the point, taking out his phone "I got a voicemail from you before the accident. You wanted evidence this is the best I can do for now."
"Getting dessert" Dean got the box, closing the door
Opening the unlocked door, Dean's eyes were met with a naked Meg and a naked Cas.
"Dean, can I talk to Cas for a moment" Charlie walked out of the house "Without you listening in"
“And you still have it wow.” Usually people buy other cars after their first one.
“You got it.” Dean walked away to pour the beer in the glasses, his thoughts shifting to Cas hoping he was feeling okay with a sprained nose.
"She's what I remember I don't think I need permission from you" Cas shot back, he had no right to say these things.
"It's alright, Clarence" he didn't have to apologize for her lie thought he was believing "I'm just glad to be here with you again."
Charlie was trying it out, she remembered that new nickname “Or is that only what Dean can call you?” having humor in that question.
Castiel got wacked in the stomach, leg, and worst of all face knocking the wind right out of him as he hit the ground.
"That's what Meg and your mom wanted you to be." Dean hated that so much, Castiel wasn't happy "You didn't want to, so I encourage you to do what you love and you found architecture."
"For leaving" Cas sighed, knowing he needed to be the one to apologize, it was his fault. "I promise I'll stop doing that."
"No" she frowned "He has to wake up on his own then we will know when we run tests. He is so lucky nothing else happened to him some scratches but that's about it." Other things could've gone wrong, that seatbelt pretty much saved his life.
"This I need you to believe." Dean tried explaining "I'm telling you the truth Charlie and I are just friends. We are close. You're closer to her than anyone. I'm married and faithful to one person- you! I'm here to help you not hurt you. I could never do that to you"
Who? His mom?
“Didn’t that lady order from you?” Noelle looked at one of our customers as he followed her eyes, there sat the lady, who was on her iPhone, with nothing in front of her.
"I love you," Cas let slip out.
Cas turned right to him "As for you" with so much force, Cas punched him, sending him right down to the floor.
“I am sure I will, friends of mine have been raving around this place” he explained “so I decided to give it a try and” he added in, feeling relaxed as no one was here to bother him or ask for help. He had time for himself as Sam still wasn’t home anyway “so here I am, Cas”
Meg placed his mug in front of him, smiling that he even remembered the color "Not as handsome as you."
Cas gave his mother a look "You stopped talking to me because I fell in love with Dean and you show up because you care?"
“Shut up!” He groaned, passing by him to walk out of the door.
“Dean distracted you, huh?” Charlie saw him before he walked off to Mrs. Braedon. She only figured.
cut his sentence off a
Cas glanced up at him before going back at the pictures "Hey how was the rest of your day?"
He didn’t even notice that Garth showed up and the three of them were looking at Castiel.
Dean stopped moving around when he saw his husband back "Cas?"
"I changed I'm not that girl anymore" She tried, innocently.
“Your ex?” Jo hasn’t seen her in years since she broke up with him, destroying Dean’s heart.
"So?" Dean continued working.
"Do you have?" Cas trailed off
Cas looked between the two of them standing there. His head was pounding and his thoughts felt so foggy like a cloud of mist filling most of his brain, unable to reach memories "I don't have a husband nor a brother in law."
"I slept good" Cas admitted as if his body was used to that bed "my headache went away."
Wonderful pleasure was exploding straight to Castiel's groin, which was painfully throbbing inside his pants, loving the feel of Dean beneath him, who is whimpering.
Cas smiled seeing the look on her face "Who is it?"
So, Dean figured to ask “What can I get for you and your friends?”
“Oh fun, an ex being your co- worker.” Jo wouldn’t want to do that.
"What's that, Babe?" Intrigued to hear what she had to say.
People were getting knocked out one by one
Dean felt nauseous, he couldn't make eye contact with either of them. "Cas, after all this time?.....I'm your husband, you promised." He gulped, trying to not break down in front of them.
Cas kissed him before pulling away to lower himself leaving a trail of open-mouthed kisses from his jawline, his neck, down his collarbone, going towards the scar.
her ass you know
"Sorry for arguing with you" Dean felt bad about it too.
"Everything is great," the love in Dean's eyes he was showing Cas made him believe he was telling the truth "Cas, there is no doubt about it that these past three years have been the best years of my life. When we met at the bar right there and then I felt something between us- something drawn me to you, something that made me believe that I wouldn't be able to live without you. I needed you in my life. We were both in a dark place at the time. You were broken and I was broken. We came together and fixed each other bringing light into each other's lives. From then on, we've gone through an unforgettable journey from insecurities, arguments, an almost break up, trust, but most importantly the unconditional love we have for each other. This journey isn't over. There is more for us and it scares me, but with you it makes it all worth it. You are the exception. There will never be another one like you. I never loved anyone like I love you, so I want all these next steps. I want a future with you, that being said-" Dean pulled out a small black velvet box that was deep inside his pocket.
Cas nodded trying to process these answers he was getting. "thank you by the way" he totally forgot he'd have to buy food he was just really hungry.
Charlie looked to Channing “Channing, can you help Castiel to homeroom. I will go to his locker and get his books.”
it's Crowley, Dean
She scuffed thinking she wasn't the rude one.
Cas chuckled, rolling his eyes playfully, coming back to the back.
He is a twenty-six-year-old, who has a thing for cars, specifically his Baby, a 1967 Chevy Impala, classic music, Sports, burgers, Pie, beer, women, and men. What I mean by women and men is that Dean is a very open proud Bisexual with a bit of a preference for men. It makes him seem like he is a player because any woman that lays eyes on him wants him, and that goes for men who are in the lgbtq+ community as well. Sure, Dean will play the field when he is single, but it is mostly to find the right person to be in a relationship with. He prefers being in a relationship. He is all for commitment. He also likes to keep himself busy. He was a high school mechanics teacher at McCleod High, but this year he was transferred to Sioux Falls High. When he is not at work, he is helping his family at their Roadhouse or helping at Singer’s Auto Garage fixing cars. That leads to his family life. When Dean was four and his little brother Sammy was 6 months old, his mother and father died in a house fire. Dean and Sam made it out alive, Dean holding Sam in his arms on their way out. That led to Dean and Sammy moving in with their dad’s good friend’s Bobby and Ellen Singer and daughter Jo.
"Was there ever a doubt?" Cas had to ask, raising an eyebrow
Dean had to look away, tears forming in his eyes. What did he do to deserve this?
Once he got done, he dressed in his jeans, a long sleeve white shirt, sweater vest, and his trench coat before making his way to Charlie’s room.
You could say that day by day more memories were flowing back into Castiel's brain some hurting more than others, but for Cas the pain was worth it.
"Memory loss?" Castiel frowned, not believing this "I lost ten years of my life?"
"Yes, you hated it." Cas was smart enough to be one, he just didn't like it.
Cas shook his head with a smile, going back into the closet to find a pair of boxers and sweatpants "Better?"
When the two minutes were up Mr. Winchester got the classes attention again “I am new here and don’t know any of you just like you do not know me, so why not introduce yourselves and say something about you.”
"No!" Eileen and Sam both said in unison causing Dean to chuckle.
Dean didn’t hesitate to pull back into for another kiss, this time his tongue hungrily grazing Castiel’s bottom lip, begging for entry in which Castiel gladly accepted parting his own lips to feel Dean’s tongue ventured into his mouth. The kiss began to intensify while their tongues caressing each other gently. It was as if their bodies completed their strong desire for each other.
He didn't like this at all "This is wrong!"
“Yes, it is one of the Game of Thrones series which is a fantastic tv show, but my brother insists I also read the books, so yeah.” Dean explained to the younger boy.
Dean didn't move or look up, stayed in that position. Cas hurried over to him "Cas, are you okay?" He bent down in front of him, taking one of Dean's hands away from his face to hold it. Dean just let his other hand fall. Cas saw he was frowning "Tell me what's wrong" he was concerned.
That hasn't come up "No, we have a plan to visit where we got married hoping that will spark something."
"Dean" His mother had a comeback "I wasn't aware they let your kind wonder so freely around such a nice neighborhood."
"What are you doing?" He had to ask Cas.
It took moments yet Cas eventually picked his head up feeling as if he just woke up from a dream where he forgot everyone "Charlie?" he hugged her tight, feeling so happy.
"What did you say?" Cas placed a hand over Dean's hand.
Climbing out of the window, he continued "Went the distance, now I'm back on my feet."
"0124" Dean's birthday
In the class, he didn’t even take notice that Dean kept looking at him concerned the second Cas walked into the room, he did not look okay. Cas seemed a little out of it. He didn’t expect him to be here today. He didn’t know or see what happened to him this morning.
Dean, I have
While Cas was not only happy and excited, he was upset witnessing how much pain Charlie was in. He hated to see her like this as he stood by her wincing in pain when her grip on his hand tightened "You're doing great," he reassured her.
Cas smiled "I watched it, so I know, but of course you would be, which makes me wonder if you ever get married would I be your man of honor?"
"What?" How could that be?
Jack Winchester was here, crying and bloody while the doctor and nurses that were in the room took her away to clean him up.
The whistle blew “Go!”
“Really?” Sam shook his head not understanding why Dean loved this car so much “You saw her like twelve hours ago!” He was out in the garage still working on her last night.
"I remember being with my fiancé Meg Master's trying to decide on wedding venues."
“I hate you sometimes.” Castiel wasn’t being serious, he did love her.
Instantly Cas got excited, thrilled he would ask him "Sam, yes oh my God!"
Other students said they like to drive, listen to music, love the beach, play video games, likes science, making up their own choreography, and going to the gym.
Cas yawned before nodding "Yup,"
"Clarence, wait"
I'm going to find out
“Hey Cas?” Dean questioned softly
"You can sleep in here," Dean suggested.
He looks down "Do I?"
Cas ordered his "Can I have a Venti chocolate cinnamon latte" he turned to Charlie; it was her turn "Can I have a Venti caramel macchiato latte?"
"And I am an architect now?" Last time Cas remembered he wasn't studying for that, but Charlie mentioned that to him a few hours ago.
Meg finally looked at him, a glare in her eyes "Dean, stop injecting it's rude. I asked Clarence, thanks."
Cas bruises easily. This was going to leave a mark.
Dean nodded, telling the truth “You are the only one I bought here, so yes you are.”
"Because I saw you with Charlie," He didn't like what he saw.
"Because you remember her that is why you believe her." Dean chuckled like it was some sick joke.
I'm Dean
Charlie was shoving him out of the room "You're good to go Castiel go go go!"
“I do not!” Cas wouldn’t give up, walking towards the school to start the day, hiding that he couldn’t wait to see what Mechanic’s class brought him today.
"That is true, De" Cas caught him doing weird things many times down here, some he joined in.
Pushing him back towards the bed, the back of Dean's knees hit the edge of the bed to lay down. Castiel crawled his way on top of Dean, straddling his hips to take his head in his hands and lean in to kiss those perfect lips.
Mr. Rollan smiled at her “Okay, pick your team mates then, ladies first!
Sam looked down at the pictures and layouts of something "We are actually going over a few things for our house. Discussing a few changes.
"I hope that all of his lost memories never returned to him." Meg hoped "He's better off without you."
“I don’t know some guy!” Castiel shrugged it off, lying a tad bit “I asked about his book”
"Where do you live?"
Cas laughed "why aren't you married yet?"
“No,” Sam shook his head. Anything but Asia! “no, but I do have something to ask you!”
Castiel felt so at ease in this moment, he wanted to remember this and the way Dean was looking at him, nothing else mattered.
With Dean no longer near him, Charlie scooted herself with her stool over to her friend curious on what just happened. She didn’t hear a word they said “What did Dean say?”
Wow poor Cas, right? Yes, you see he got away from a horrible childhood, but it led to high school. They are in a day and age where the lgbtq+ community is accepted, but there are of course some homophobes still around, who like to torture Cas for being gay, but also because Cas was an awkward nerd who wears a trench coat, loves to read, has a thing for bees, gets straight A’s.
Is Cas going to see him outside school besides right now? Not that it was a bad thing “Okay”
"How old are you?"
At least Bobby didn't mind Dean not coming into work. He understood completely.
schedule Cas when
Being a good and caring husband that Dean is, he went home to not just drop off Sam and explain everything to Eileen when they got there, but to pick up some clothes for Castiel and bring it to the hospital. He tried going into Castiel's room many times, but chickened out actually ending up falling asleep in the waiting room using the duffel bag as a pillow.
Cas sat down on a stool on the kitchen island "So Charlie told me to stick to my normal routine, what is that exactly?"
Jo rolled her eyes, walking over to the passenger side of the “I am a girl, it takes time.”
Dean ignored that, he had Cas on his mind only "can you tell me if Castiel Winchester is here?"
Gym- Mr. Rollen Rm 014 (Basement) (With Charlie, Garth, and Kevin)
Cas sat himself down, getting comfortable as he closed the door. When the door clicked shut, Cas got a whiff of his cologne that filled up the car. It was a pretty good smell that hit his nose.
Dean found Cas relaxed on their bed watching TV "not that it's a competition but Jack loves me one thousand and fifty times."
of picture?
“Come on” Charlie told him “I want to put these new pics of us in my locker before class starts.” She was talking about the pictures that she took of them and their friends at her parents’ lake house over the summer back in July.
Dean would never think about giving his baby up, that would be so offensive “No she’s my pride and joy. When she needs a fix up, I fix her. She’s been good for me.”
But Sam had more to say “Hey Dean?”
Dean couldn't control himself, he leaned in to kiss Cas.
Jenny had to speak out “Boring.” As another student coughed out “Loser.” As their friends laughed.
"I mean us" Why did he keep bringing up those two girls? "Clarence."
"You and Ruby snuck in those vodka bottles under your dresses." A lot of girls did. The boys were patted down to make sure they didn't bring anything yet nobody patted down girls.
"Dean and I argued" Steve wish they didn't.
"Drinking my problems away due to my ex-husband" Dean didn't want to relieve those memories.
"Bullshit" Dean injected.
Cas sighed softly, parting his lips in invitation.
Dean was struggling to get free; the cuffs were pretty tight. "So, you're cheating on me? How could you do this to me?"
She gasped happily "Really?"
"With any proof of us being together?" Cas questioned.
Castiel turned his body slightly towards the older man to find that he was looking at Cas intensely.
The movie ran for about an hour and a half with two empty open pizza boxes laying open before the brothers.
Cas walked into Dean's garage to find him dancing to Radio Gaga by Queen. Cas leaned against a wall laughing at how cute his husband is.
"You have to go home" She didn't want to see him like this.
"You changed careers, broke off your engagement with Meg, and started dating me." Dean explained the reasoning.
“Yes” Cas spoke a little too fast as he gulped, waiting for a moment like this to happen. He trusted Dean and wanted this for some time now.
Dean walked around his baby towards Castiel’s car, examining it “I gotta say that it is in nice shape. Besides being a pimpmobile, It’s a good car.”
"Being rude" He groaned.
"Declare your consent before God and may the lord strengthen you both for god has joined you together man must never divide" The pastor was given the rings for the couple to exchange, blessing them "Lord bless these rings that we consecrate in your name. Grant that those who wear them have deep faith in each other may they do your will and have them always live together in your peace and we ask this through Christ our Lord Amen"
Kevin laughed “That’s why it’s called d-o-d-g-e ball” spelling it out
Cleaning themselves up and catching their breath, Cas laid his head on Dean's chest with Dean's arm wrapped around him.
"Yes, you are one of the best," Dean was proud that Castiel was able to accomplish a lot as an architect.
"And I believe it's Castiel's turn to pick the movie" Eileen was handing Cas the remote.
Cas stared back at him in awe.
"Clarence?"
“See you, Cas!”
Mr. Rollen turned to her “Can you?”
"Hi Mom?" It was odd to see her, it didn't feel right to Cas.
A naked picture
With a slam of the door, Cas attacked Dean's lips again, only for Dean to pull away to inform him "This is like the old you." He felt like he was with his actual Cas again.
"Castiel won't walk away from me" Dean stood his ground.
"Oh, and its Friday so on Friday nights we usually order pizza and watch a movie." Dean wanted to let Cas know "Sam and Eileen might be joining us."
"How are you working here right now? I thought you were interning at Onlook Hospital?" Last time he checked she wasn't fully a nurse just yet.
"Wow" Cas could tell the way Dean was talking how passionate he was about his job. Hoping that maybe he gets to see Dean work on a car some time soon. "By the way this really is better than my mom's lasagna."
Send it!!!
That caught Dean's attention to see them kissing "You are watching our wedding video?"
When it was time to leave, Dean yelled from the front door “Hurry up or you will be walking!” waiting for his brother, who ran up the stairs to get his backpack. Dean was driving him to school today before heading to his work.
What the fuck?
“You work here? What are you moonlighting?” Lisa didn’t even expect him to be here.
The Paster didn't waste a moment to declare "If you like you may give each other a kiss" the couple leaned in to seal the deal as Husbands with camera flashes going off. Everyone started to clap for newlyweds as many were crying tears of joy.
Dean's tongue slid into his mouth to trace the inside as he carefully explored.
Passing by some customers who were having their own conversations, Castiel strutted his way passed them and towards his teacher.
"Is it his money that's why you're with him? You are pretending to be gay?" She has to think of possibilities.
Dean admitted truthfully, with all the nervousness gone now "Nervous you'd say no."
Cas got a glimpse of more proof "woah."
"To you?" Cas groaned back "I'm telling you how I feel. I was miserable and now I'm happy. Don't you want your son to be happy?" Aren't parents supposed to be supportive?
Once breakfast was over Dean left while Cas explored more in the house, looking through everything. He felt like it was snooping, but he apparently lived here so it's not?
"Castiel Jimmy Novak" he didn't say Winchester.
Dean got the money off of the counter, handing it to his brother "Do you mind getting it?"
“Ow! Son of a Bitch” Castiel’s right arm flew up on instinct as his hand started rubbing where the pain was to make it feel better.  “Why?”
"I think it was our first kiss" Cas assumed it was, it was almost like this moment.
"I love you one thousand and fifty times," Jack told him back as he shut the light off.
Dean nodded remembering that conversation “Oh awesome, thanks.” He reached out to grab it from the younger boy “I will bring my book in for you on Monday!”
Dean finally stood to his feet, throwing his towel on the counter "Yeah well Cas left.
"And that one next to it is just a blob" She laughed.
"Return the favor"
Charlie said she likes to hack things. She was good at it.
you want to
"Oh wow" He knew she wanted to be a hairstylist.
Cas did want to know "okay" open the fridge hoping to find a water to quench this thirst as he did, feeling Dean's eyes on him. Cas paused himself "Why are you looking at me like I'm some kind of zoo animal?"
Cas felt himself blushing again, why?! “Thanks.”
Castiel? His full name 'was' Castiel Novak before meeting Dean until he eventually became Castiel Winchester, but just call him Cas. He is a thirty-one-year-old who became a successful architect thanks to 'push in the right direction' of Dean Winchester. But wait what was Castiel's life before Dean? Well, he didn't have the best life. His father Chuck died when he was four, just like Dean, but his was due to a heart attack. Once he passed, his mother Naomi completely changed into a different person. She drank a lot, and wasn't the best mother to Cas. She thought she was being a great mom by forcing Cas to practically lock himself in his room and focus on becoming a successful doctor. Is that what Cas wanted? No, absolutely not. He hated hospitals! He loved to draw and develop things, he wanted to be an architect, yet his mother refused for Cas to live his dream. The only thing that kept Cas from going insane from his mother was his best friend Charlie, who funny enough ended up becoming a nurse. That isn't all. Cas also had to keep secrets from his mother. One being that his best friend Charlie was a lesbian. You see, Naomi is one of the biggest homophobic people he ever met. But wait, what about Cas? What is his sexuality? Cas was a closeted gay for the longest time that he repressed it knowing his mother would never approve and/or beat the shit out of him possibly. Thinking that her son was straight, she set him up with girl named Meg Masters that fell for Cas pretty hard..at first. Cas agreed to date her 'believing' that he could love her too and actually thought he did. However, she was just as controlling as his mother wanting to him to be successful doctor. Charlie hated Meg and what she was doing to her poor friend, but wanted to be the supportive friend.
Dean:
The sight Castiel was met with took his breath away. The sun was beginning to set casting a beautiful glow of orange and yellow- the scenery looked like the perfect photo.
~~~flashback~~~
"Says you" Cas groaned, hating this "Yes I do, we were good friends."
Dean climbed onto Cas, straddling his sides to make out with him.
Dean looked to her "say what?"
Cas continued "If you would consider being our surrogate."
"I will" he promised, removing his hand just to be placed back down at the taint and slowly make its way up to where he wants his hand to be.
"What?" Cas looked to Sam, love?
Dean's knuckles clenched "Cas, do you mind going over there to Benny" pointing to his friend sitting on a bench with food "he wants to say hi he's a friend."
Cas looked to Dean, unsure "I don't know how I'm supposed to go back with you and live with you."
Other nurses and doctors were very confused to hear excited screams coming from the room they were in.
"Oh, poor baby," Meg frowned "I saw the stitches but didn't want to ask are you okay, Clarence?"
As much as he would love to just fall right back to sleep he couldn’t.
“What’s that Sammy?” Dean asked curiously.
"No, I haven't," Dean had been too busy going back and forth with Sam and worrying about food that it was the last thing on his mind.
She smiled at him "No, I like Marvel movies"
"No, you didn't. So, I recreated our first date with the two burgers, two large fries, chicken nuggets, root beer and pies. You wouldn't stop asking me why I was so nervous. At some point I looked into your eyes" Dean caressed Castiel's face "and said a few things."
"So, do I," Dean surely agreed with me "Thank you for saying yes."
"Where is Meg?" Cas wanted to see his fiancé, why wasn't she here to be with him?
Okay, so Cas told him "Lord of the rings"
"It's okay I sound...." Cas believed him that was definitely him "happy and in love."
When Dean got home from work, Cas was on the floor with pictures spread out everywhere.
Dean grabbed a random one only to be met with a good one "apple."
few years and how is
"Him, how?" Cas felt like Dean didn't do that.
"I'll do that" that is something Cas knew how to do
"Forgiven? You don't cheat on the person you claim to love." Dean couldn't believe what he was hearing "He was a mistake that cost you to lose Cas."
Wanting to hear more of those beautiful noises, that escape Dean's lips, Cas parted away from him to attack his neck, softly tonguing his throbbing veins in one area before nipping at it ever so gentle.
Dean rubbed his eyes, sitting up his back was aching from the position he was on "Sleeping."
Clutching her painful stomach, Charlie informed them "My water just broke."
He turned around to a very familiar voice....and person to find someone he remembers.
Cas felt the pain starting to subside through his back “Yeah I am” he quickly spun around and headed straight for the little door that lead to behind the counter. He had to admit he was a bit embarrassed making my way over to where Noelle was pouring a customer coffee.
"Sure"
Sam didn't take his eyes off the short woman "What are you doing here, Meg?"
"Getting better," Cas has been making progress.
"Yeah we do" Dean finally spoke up, feeling himself getting irritated at the sight of her "now if you excuse us."
Dean didn’t mind “This weekend.”
Cas saw how crazy she is "He's not a liar you are. You don't think I would eventually catch you with that Crowley guy? Yes, Dean and Charlie told me and now I just saw you sucking face with him which I'm honestly glad I saw because it helped trigger a memory of Uriel eating your gross vagina when I caught you."
"I know" Sam looked up from his phone, he had to ease Dean's mind "he will be" he can only pray and hope for that.
“Tell me you heard what’s coming here on Halloween!” came a voice
Dean sighed seeing that Cas was not going to give up. He stopped what he was doing, dropping his tool "The dream I had was about you Cas and Meg."
"You! You are the problem." Cas pointed to her.
he's back!
“Watch where you’re walking, Fag” With one great force, the taller boy shoved Cas straight into a locker with a loud thud.
She thinks she
Dean looked confused before glancing back at the younger boy “You drive a pimpmobile?” he knew exactly what car that was.
"Ow!" Cas looked down, clutching at his head.
Pointing to his own eyes, Dean sang
That is when he noticed that Lisa and her friends were looking his way and smiling. Next thing he knew, Lisa got up from her stool and walked over to the bar “Dean.”
Dean sighed, wishing this didn't have to be brought up again "Domestic abuse"
"I am on my way." He told her before hanging up the phone.
a patient with him....
“My bad” Castiel didn’t even realized they were already at the house and parked “oh, we are here!” he announce the obvious.
"It's okay what is mine is yours," why would Dean have a problem with that? They were his pictures too "but that's a good idea" it could help him remember.
Castiel rolled his eyes, this again “No Charlie!”
“You work at a bar to serve drunken idiots, you don’t need to do much” Dean joked slightly, getting back into the driver seat.
"Hey Cas, look!" Charlie pointed to the left of them "It's a dog" this cloud looked in the shape of a dog with two big eyes.
"You trade your passion for glory."
"Yes" Dean went for the philly cheese streak wrap, he was pretty hungry and nothing else seemed appetizing, they didn't even have pie!
Everyone scattered picking up the balls that sat on the floor around the room and started throwing them at one another
"Fuck you ass whole."
Oh, do you?
"Meg, stop" Cas could see how upset Dean was getting, he didn't want the night.to get ruined.
“Cassie?” Charlie tried, considering she was trying to have a conversation with her best friend as she drove them to school, but all he seemed to be doing was staring at the window lost in thought. “Castiel?” she smacked his arm.
Hearing those words, Dean's heartbeat jumped out of his chest into his throat and back down while all the color drained from his face "Wh- wha- what?"
Dean had an answer for her "Because he clearly didn't go to you. He has nowhere else to go he doesn't remember anyone. He's with her."
"I do, Sam here had a little affair going on with Ruby many years ago." She turned back to Sam "She moved here with me"
Castiel followed his lead doing the same thing facing Dean “So why did you take me here?” trying not to sound like he had a problem with it.
Cas stepped closer to him, grabbing his hand "Dean you won't lose me. It was just a dream. I like it here. I see that I have a great life with you. It's taking a while but my memories are slowly coming back. Don't let her bother you, Okay?" Cas kissed him "Now I'm going to shower"
"I'm fine" Cas stood to his feet feeling good as new "amazing actually."
Dean didn't have to be told twice, pulling down his own pants in a hurry to get back to Cas. He climbed on top of the him to kiss his way up his neck, swiping his tongue over the skin beneath his ear to wet the area before nipping at it.
"It is innocent fun" Was all Meg could think of to say.
"Yeah it is your turn" Dean told him. "Unless you want to watch a Western"
Castiel didn't hesitate to hug her back "What are you doing here?" He wasn't sure
Dean refused “No, it’s okay, I will give you this pass.” He was only trying to help him.
The weird thing is why does Castiel have these butterflies in his stomach?
I was just
“Yes, got the nerd!” Michael cheered, high fiving his friends about it.
"Where are you going?" Dean called after him
Dean would be his first kiss?
"This is where you proposed right? I passed by the ring place with Charlie where you made it and she said this is where you did it."
Cas let out a small chuckle "well yeah, De, but I finished up what I had to do here early so that I'd be able to come home to you faster."
Oh, joy give people a reason to throw balls at him.
Dean groaned, slightly annoyed by the band and the song “You get this one song, One!”
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
What???
Tears were starting to form in his eyes, his throat feeling dry "Charlie, tell me he's alive."
Charlie appeared with Dean like she was dragging him along "Hey guys."
“Is it true what Charlie told me?” Dean wanted to know this “You never had your first kiss?”
Charlie pulled back unsure "Are you okay? You scared me a bit collapsing so hard."
"My favorite" Castiel announced, but he had to know that "but you already knew that didn't you."
Cas smiled his way "That is because I remember everything. All my memories are back. I'm me again."
Dean was thinking yep this woman is fucking crazy "You made him miserable. Yeah, he told me all about your relationship. Telling me he used to lay in bed next to you every night wondering if he could find some better, someone who accepts him because you didn't. Then you go and you cheat on him. You screwed it up. He moved on he's a Winchester now."
Down and up
“Coffee” she groaned
She dropped Mickey Mouse and leaned forward, looking at her friends with wide eyes.
"My name is on that paper" he pointed towards it. The paper had lots of small writing on it, something he couldn't see from where he was sitting.
right now
It was time?
Once again, Cas made his usual confused face “What hottie?”
Cas nodded "I figured he wouldn't." He knew Sam wasn't into those types of movies. "But anyways, I do have news," he couldn't wait to tell his husband this, he just didn't sound so excited due to being tired.
“Him, the new teacher!” Charlie thought she was being obvious.
Dean shook his head "No, they actually went out to eat, they wanted us to have some alone time on your first night back home.
Castiel was still confused “Charlie, you like women…”
Dean grinned, fighting back a moan, so he went down to connect their lips, tracing Castel's lips with his tongue.
A doctor started here
“Hey, we all got our preferences,” Dean tried “If you like it than you like it nothing is wrong with that.”
All Castiel’s classes were going smoothly, I mean it was the first day anyway. Then it came time for the mechanics.
Ten people were on both teams.
With the radio on, Castiel listened to Dean sang along to the songs badly, but he enjoyed it until the impala pulled into a wooded area “You aren’t brining me someplace to kill and bury me are you?” Castiel was slightly joking.
Cas stared at her, is she hearing what she is saying?" Are you kidding me? As if that makes any better."
His breathing was getting heavy, placing his head in his hands. He's strong, it took a lot to finally say 'that's enough! You're hurting me. It's time you got justice for this.' He feared coming home to hit every night, pot, pans, and plates getting thrown at him. It was torture. After all this time Dean thought he was free from all of that. It was in the past now. He's here again. Does he live in town? Will he be looking for them? "This can't be happening"
Dean:
Cas found a spot next to Dean, but not too close to him.
Dean:
"You know Sam?" Castiel questioned Meg
Beginning to pump slowly, stroking from the base to the tip over and over again; every single stroke sent electricity through his whole body having him close his eyes tightly from the stars he was beginning to see.
Cas smiled at that “So Mr. I mean Dean did you like the Castiel special?”
Cas smiled at her "it's one of her many kinks," he grabbed the other cuffs to hold his other hand down.
Dean still didn't believe that. "Yeah, yeah" scrolling through movies "Okay so then what? See any movie?"
When he got home, his thoughts stopped when he saw his brother home flipping through the tv channels.
Castiel lit up so happy to see a familiar person "Of course I know you Charlie. What kind of question is that? You have been my best friend for fifteen years. And don't call me Mr. Novak, ever again!" he didn't like the sound of that.
They jumped to see Cas standing at the door.
“Hmm?” Charlie finally looked back at her friend, her heart eyes fading back to regular ones.
He continued “Anyway, I’m Dean and I love classic rock, pie, and building and fixing cars.”
Castiel was a bit relieved, the gown wasn't comfortable "Thank you this gown is kind of drafty."
"So, talk to me" Cas pleaded walking over to him.
Castiel smiled, getting it for her as she sat down in front of her Lucky Charms
“Yea, but those jerks did this to you.” She hated them all. She got bullied too, but not anywhere near as much as Cas did.
Cas wondered something "Will Sam and Eileen be joining us?"
"Not that I know of" He didn't recall Cas doing that.
Happiness was all Dean could feel, walking straight over to him "Really Angel, it is all back?" He needed it to be true.
He finally looked towards her not understanding why she was apologizing. “This was my fault, Channing not yours. I need to watch where I am going.”
"We'll eat this whole box" Cas joked, going in for another one.
I have no idea.
Cas questioned with an idea in mind "You know what would be fun?"
"Yes!" Cas muttered, his eyes practically rolling back from the electric shocks of pleasure his body was receiving.
Cas now had the ring to put on her 'soon to be husband' Dean's left ring finger "Dean, take this ring as a sign of my love and my fidelity in the name of the father the son and the Holy Spirit."
"It differs for every person, could be a day, could be weeks, could be years." Charlie tries explaining to them "It all depends on Cas. He seems to have forgotten the past ten years."
There was Sam in a white shirt and flannel red pajamas getting ready for bed. Sam practically jumped at the sudden outburst "Dean! What the....Dean?" He saw the look on his brother's face.
Going into the kitchen, Dean was washing his hands.
Dean smiled to himself, not moving away from the balls.
She grew a smile on her face “Wow it really is you.”
"I moved here about two weeks ago" Meg informed him "I open up a salon with Ruby."
“Hello class, my name is Mr. Winchester and I am obviously the new Mechanics teacher.”
"Okay so what is it about?" Cas wanted to know
Charlie got up slowly eyeing him "You sure you are alright?"
Meg groaned throwing her hands into her slightly knotted hair "I just needed to have an orgasm. You know I don't like fingering myself. You weren't around to satisfy me. I couldn't lick down there so I needed someone to do it. Uriel was available."
"Let's go," Cas didn't even hesitate, grabbing Dean's hand to drag him up the stairs.
"Eh, Sam watched a movie with me, but he didn't want to watch a Western with me."
Hearing that name that he never heard in this school before this year and now have that name roll out of Charlie’s mouth. Still walking, Castiel wiped his head in the direction to see the very gorgeous man, who stopped and turned to find who was calling him.
"Really?" Cas wondered.
“Any time, Cas” Dean replied “have a good night.”
Castiel shrugged his shoulders “Nothing special.” He was pretty good at math.
Arriving into the class that was piling with students, Charlie saved him a seat right in front of her that was upfront and in the corner near the window – a good spot.
“So, it was done intentionally?” Dean figured.
She saw the look of surprise "He told me all about the accident and how he does not remember you. He remembers me so I have a chance."
"It's okay," Charlie told him comfortingly, grabbing his hand "I know it is a lot to take in, but with time it'll all come back to you."
Charlie knew about that "He died instantly when his car crashed."
Cas climbed in closing the door behind him to stripping down to nothing.
"You proposed to Meg" His mother reminded him "You are supposed to marry her."
"Oh, so you don't really remember any of them well?" she didn't let him answer "Well I certainly can help you," Meg smiled at him almost evilly but he did not catch that.
Dean nodded “If you would like to borrow my books you can.” He promised to him “I’ll give you the first book if you really want it.”
“What were you talking about when I wasn’t paying attention?” Castiel wondered, since he was in fact not listening with someone on his mind.
"Dean" His mom turned to the man.
“Time to get up” he announced even if she didn’t hear him. Walking over to her bed, she was laid out of the left side of her queen-sized bed.
She never felt anything like this before the pain was unbearable, but she knew she had to keep pushing. She wanted to bring this little boy into the world.
Walking through the progressively crowded hall was hands down the most beautiful being he had ever seen wearing black boots, jeans, a plaid shirt, and a black leather jacket.
He pointed in the opposite direction of the swings "Jumping into that fountain"
"Always am," He needed Castiel's naked now "get in here and strip"
"Ok go," Cas nodded.
"Really?" Cas ran a hand through his clean hair "You think I need one?"
Dean shook his head “One thing I learned in mechanics is you need to be focused when working on the machines and right now you are not okay. Put down the screwdriver and relax you don’t need to finish this today.”
“I didn’t like that song.”
"And the ass whole, who hit him what's going to happen to him?" Anger poured out of Dean's mouth.
That made Dean happy, grabbing Castiel's hand to intertwine their hands together as Dean drove off again.
me right now
Castiel's mother
“Dam right, REO.” Jo started to sing along to the song.
"Does it?" Dean asked, taking a sip of his drink.
She came in for a hug.
Cas sat down next to him.
"What?" Sam gasped out.
Dean couldn't help, but roll his eyes "Dork." He wasn't into reading books at all. Closest thing he got to reading was car magazines.
"What?" Cas looked at him oddly at such a random question.
“I think I am going to do it.” Sam said officially, he was sure of this.
"Yes, De"
Without another word, Dean typed in his code and pressed play.
"I'm actually glad to see you" he meant it; it was refreshing to finally be around somebody that he knows besides Charlie of course.
"Yay" Charlie was thrilled this was working out "well I was telling Cas that he could be free to go home by tomorrow."
Dean was the first to slide onto the hood of the car to relax with the bag of food. They were going to eat on top of the car. Cas hopped onto the hood after him.
Okay enough, Dean curled his fingers around the long and thick pulsing cock. Cas was arching his hips for his cock to be pushed through my fist.
"My head hurts," Castiel felt his head starting to pound.
"I can do what I want" Meg corrected "Don't go telling Clarence this."
Cas didn't want to think that "I have to believe I will."
“Channing.”
No one noticed what he was looking at.
Dean was beginning to smile in which Cas found so cute.
"Of course," She stepped aside for Cas to walk in.
Castiel leaned up against his car watching all the students and staff escape from school. It took a few long minutes until he finally spotted Charlie, who made her way over to him. Castiel stood up straight and headed for the driver’s side “Finally, what took so long?”
"I don't know, I was thinking I would end up at Charlie's next" Cas wanted out of the house for a little while "but Dean might get worried."
"And I love you, Angel" Dean hummed, kissing the side of his head.
She scratched her head in embarrassment “oh sorry, Dean.”
Dean looked at his other student before glancing back at the younger boy and walking off.
He shot her a funny look "Of course I do. I mean a glimpse of Dean happened already"
Cas laughed at that hurrying to their bedroom.
Cas turned around "Yeah?"
Graduation, Lisa broke it off because she thought it was best for them, this was a high school thing and wanted to explore in College.
“Dean, can I talk to you for a moment?” Cas went up to his desk.
"Yes" Cas was trying to catch his breath as he sat up. Dean watched him get up "lay down"
"Oh no how will we ever know if they had toasted ravioli" Dean playfully said sarcastically.
It was date night and Dean was going to create the best night of both their lives.
“Dean!” one of the girl students called out for him.
Dean started to walk off “Yeah, see you around, Lisa.”
“I need more” Cas blurted out, not wanting to stop in the first place.
Dean answered for both of them "yes"
Because of it Castiel felt his own mouth starting to curl in a grin as they gazed at each other. Cas needed to snap out of it, he can’t crush on his teacher! “I don’t mean to my bother you. I’ll leave you alone to enjoy your book.” Cas pointed back to the counter “I should get back”
They pulled into the school parking lot to find a spot. As his mind went back to Dean due to the fact that Dean and he will eventually exchange books to read if Dean remembers.
Jo watches as Dean walked over to her, leaning his hands against the counter.
“Hilltop Street between Ave C and B.” Cas informed him “The only red house on the block”
"While we wait for it to whistle, I can give you a little hair cut for free" She noticed he had some dead ends that needed to be cut off.
"He has to be okay just has to" Dean was pacing the room, he couldn't sit he was so worried he needed to move uncomfortable and anxious with no answers. Sure, Charlie said he was breathing, but there could always be complications in surgery.
"Yes"
Charlie laughed “Sure, that is why your face is red.”
“See?” Noelle called after me. He could tell she was hiding a smile because he didn’t believe her.
Due to her words Cas and Dean turned to look at her "What?"
"It is yes" Charlie stopped to look too "you remember?"
Castiel never believed that he was good looking, but Dean made him feel good as a smile crept to his face.
His teacher went to protest but Castiel backed away from his table keeping his blue eyes on Dean’s green eyes instead of watching where he was going causing the younger boy to hit into a chair that was a few feet away. It smacked him right in my lower back “Ow!” Cas stumbled a bit from the impact.
Can I have a little
“You too see you tomorrow.” Castiel stepped out of the door, closing it and headed straight to the front door. It was already opened as he slowly turned the knob before turning around to the street seeing that his teacher was still there waiting for me to go inside. Dean did a little wave and drove off into the darkness of the night.
Dean technically knew that "You like it so much you had Charlie read it."
Cas glanced at Dean before looking back at his car “I do.”
"Jack isn't due for a week," Cas exclaimed surprised that it happened so quickly
When I am done, we
"Stay please" Dean couldn't handle Castiel running off once more.
Cas smiled, ok he's good with this "I like it so far."
"I do know that because I will let him. He will never hurt you again not as long as I'm around."
Castiel could hear Charlie chuckling behind him.
Cas couldn't do anything but cry out in pleasure.
"No!" The parents both agreed.
Dean shifted himself up only a little so his fingers could get to work, they started moving around softly giving Castiel's balls a little message with his middle finger stretching out straightly for it to slide like a feather like touch against the taint.
Cas went to say something, but Dean cut him off "Why should he?"
That made Cas chuckle, luckily, he wasn't drinking his beer or it would be all over the counter.
Garth didn’t have him right now “He is in my locker.”’
“Dean!” was a name that was shouted happily across the hall, it was Mrs. Braedon.
Everything seemed to slow down when this man was making his way down the hall and into the main office.
"Alright, alright" Cas knew Eileen well enough to know her style "If I'm going to do it that when are you and Dean going to be official?"
“For your information, I get dressed for myself and you know a guy.” Jo crossed her arms, relaxing into the seat.
"Are you collaging?" Dean was looking at all of the pictures a lot of them were of Cas.
"Well yeah," She knew the day of "but I was second to know. Tony told Sam first thinking I'd let it slip to you.... I almost did."
You know
"Lawrence, Kansas." Okay, he knew that.
Cas did his usual head tilt "Why would he be ringing his own doorbell?"
“We shall, Cassie” she grinned
It has been a week since the accident with Castiel still not awake.
By the end of class, students were making their way out of the classroom to get to the last two classes of the day before they are free for the weekend. Cas actually had another idea. Seeing that Dean was behind his desk looking at his laptop he decided to stay behind for just a moment to speak to him ignoring Charlie’s wiggling eyebrows as she backed out of the room.
“We should catch up in the teacher’s room at lunch” She pipped up.
The feeling of that intimate touch, caused Cas to let out a soft moan, leaving his neck to see Dean's eyes are still closed.
"I thought you'd say that," Dean was waiting to hear it.
"How do you know he went to her?" Charlie tried; he could go anywhere.
He saw it too "Yeah it does."
"I don't think you have the right to demand that I have a certain sexual orientation that pertains to your liking" Cas was so done with her by this point, she was no mom to him "I can see why I haven't spoken to you in ten years."
When everyone was in work, Cas decided to call Meg. Apparently, she had off today. He would have called Charlie, but she had a long shift at the hospital. He wanted to be in the presence of something he knows to tell him more stories, Dean wasn't around to do that.
"What do you remember?"
Charlie:
“What about what happened at the lockers outside?” Dean continued, wanting to know more.
he here working? That
Cas has an appointment
Typical of Dean to go for cowboy movies. Sam sent his brother a look "Do I look like Cas to you?"
Meg brought it up so Cas was curious about it "Hey so what caused us to break up?"
"I don't know, Sammy," Dean didn't really know, Charlie said he's going into surgery. We have to go."
Dean couldn’t feel any happier, “You know what, Sam? You two have been together for years and though I always said she is so out of your league; she would definitely say yes. If you think it’s the right time and want to propose I say go for it.”
Dean was content at the sight seeing that his blue eyes glowed at the ring "Glad to see you like it."
Mr. Winchester wasn’t even taken back by this because such thing like this always happened to him, even at the old school he had the girl student’s drooling at the sight of him. He even expected more girls to be transferred into his class by the end of the week due to his ‘good looks’ the thing is that it didn’t make him cocky. He got that he was good looking, but on the inside Dean was insecure about himself always beating himself up about something. “Can you say something about yourself?”
No longer hearing any music playing, Dean quickly slid out from under the car. "Hey!" ready to yell at whoever shut the song off, noticing Charlie. "What are you doing here, Charlie?"
He pointed to the left of them "That one!"
"You need to get here." Charlie wished she didn't have to make this call "Cas has been in an accident."
I fucking love you
"Because?" Cas trailed off
"And you usually answer emails and bills, but you don't know the passcode, so I'll be doing that." Dean sat down on a stool with two full plates of waffles filled with syrup. "We talk for a bit and then go to work, but you can go to work yet so you can stay here and do whatever you want. I have to go into work for a bit. Your phone is here you can call me if you need anything."
"You don't want the usual Mr. Winchester?" The lady knew him not knowing of the accident.
"That we do," Pulling into the garage and shutting off the car, Dean got out.
Then there is Castiel Novak.
All right she wouldn't know that "Sam's wife."
"Uh," Cas was unsure what to choose, he didn't really know anyone else's preference "Is I don't know, the first Avenger movie okay to watch?"
Dean reached over to Castiel's side to grab a condom and lube from the bedside table. Cas took the squeezable lube bottle to open it while Dean easily ripped up the condom package.
"You did amazing in surgery so you will be, but I need to ask you questions before your doctor comes in" this was the usual thing to do with patients who had trauma to the head.
Dean then walked in the room having an idea "Hey."
"Are you?" She didn't expect to hear that but she'll take it "I'm glad to see you too."
Cas laughed shaking his head "That is how you want to celebrate?"
“You sure?” Dean obviously wanted consent and had to make sure it was what Cas would want.
He picked it up "Charlie?"
For Dean he was walking towards his own office area and towards his classroom when he heard a “Dean? Dean Winchester.”
"The pizza is ordered," Dean announced, "I got four large pies."
That made her laugh more “Cas, I am kidding, not like that. It is nice of him to let you off the hook for classwork today.”
“He- um” Castiel cleared my throat “Hi, what can I get for you?”
"Clarence?"
He could tell he is seconds from coming undone, continuing to thrust but harder this time to help him along. "Dean" Cas whimpered out like a beautiful song, shooting a huge load into his mouth with the intensity of the orgasm nearly blacking him out.
"Sweetheart, I was getting worried I-..." Crowley appeared looking for his girl that was taking so long.
"He told me different things" Castiel admitted he was hearing two different stories.
When everyone was gone, Cas slowly walked over to where Dean was leaning, keeping a distance. “What do you need to see me for?”
“It’ll be one hell of a year” Charlie continued “Got my friends, signed up for good classes, but mostly I have a goal and that goal is to get myself a girlfriend, fingers crossed” picking her hand up to show she actually crossed her fingers
"What are you up to?" Castiel whispered.
Cas felt pain shooting to his head "My head hurts I'm done with this conversation." He went to walk towards the front door, needing to get out of here
Cas turned to Eileen "Should I choose something different?"
"Can't wait" That made Castiel smile which radiated off of him and onto Dean making him smile back as they gazed into each other's eyes. With the bell ringing again, it snapped the two of them out of it as student's pilled into Dean's last two classes of the day.
Moving on from that horrible experience, Dean found himself in Ellen's bar enjoying a few beers and a game of pool against Benny when he met another broken man named Castiel. From that moment, Dean's life changed forever.
Dean's eyes traveled down to his body, Castiel was naked.
If someone intentionally aimed for his face, then someone pushed him against the lockers, that was too loud of a bang.
"That we weren't doing. Cas, you of all people know that Charlie is a lesbian. She isn't into dick like we are and when I am with someone, I love I am loyal. I'd never cheat on you." Dean was trying to explain.
Charlie:
Cas kissed back like anyone would do, but stopped instantly. He pulled back, crunching his face in confusion. It felt wrong. He remembers kissing her, feeling something, but nothing was there. He didn't like it?
Meg was growing upset "He is making you delusional."
His heart started racing trying to beat of his chest at the sight of that man.
"What?" hoping he meant the swing that were across the way.
"To help me remember" Cas thought it was innocent.
"You got it," Jo walked away to pour them two glasses.
Dean still didn't like it "You could have called me I would have taken you out I'm on a lunch break."
What was better than making love to the love of his life? "No" Cas jumped off the car only to push Dean against the car attacking his lips, moaning into the kiss.
Dean hurried over to him to help him up “Cas are you okay?” he didn’t see what happened if he tripped or what.
To Mr. Winchester, this Castiel sounded like Sammy in a way. Sam read authors like that, but hey Dean read from time to time. He may seem like he wasn’t into books, but it depends on it he likes Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit. You could say he was a closeted nerd.
Charlie was only playing around “First step is denial. We need Mr. Fizzles”
"He doesn't remember who you are?" Charlie questioned Dean after Sam told her what happened.
The sound of the alarm clock woke Castiel up from his slumber. He had to get out of my comfortable cocoon position, rolling over to his side, causing the book he was reading last night, to fall off the bed in a clunk noise. He smacked the clock so that it would shut the Hell up! Squinting from the sunlight that was shining into his room, Castiel glanced at the clock. It read 6:30 am. His mouth went into a big yawn from knowing how early it was, followed by a huff. It was too early. He needed to close his eyelids back into darkness for a resting moment.
"Fuck," Dean mumbled working in his garage.
"Excuse you" Meg spat at him, luckily not falling to the floor.
Suddenly, he was blinded by a bright light coming at him on his side of the car, not knowing that a drunk driver, who wasn't driving so carefully, decided to not stop at the red light on his side and continue on.
"I don't remember you; I'm not going to keep a promise to someone like you when I have someone like her" Cas kissed the side of her head.
Once everyone settled in, the homeroom teacher took attendance, they stood for the pledge, and before Castiel knew it the time came for first period – going into the stampede in the hallway. That was mostly due to the scared freshman on their first day. Castiel made his way through the halls as if it was a maze and into his first class he had with Garth, which was Mythology. It was being taught by Mr. Shurley which wasn’t so bad, quit interesting to be honest.
Dean placed down his phone, feeling shaky. The man he feared is back and out of jail where he thought he'd be in for quite some time. He could feel his level of stress rising pretty high: stress over Cas, his job, Meg, now Crowley. How much more can he take?
Calculus Mrs. Braedon 312 (By Himself)
Castiel couldn’t even believe what he was hearing, yes, this man was gorgeous, but why were these girls so horny?
"I get that, but your wedding band is on your finger. There is proof all around this house. We were happily married. Wouldn't you stick with me? Not with her and what she says?" Dean tried, not wanting him to side with her.
today. I was put on
"Can I help you?" The lady spoke through the speaker.
"You did" she shot back
Dean looked over to where Cas was looking "That's the bar where we met."
"Yes?" Cas opened the door from their closet.
The radio was surprisingly low as Cas spoke up "Did you tell me where we were going the first time?"
"Hugging?" Dean questioned back "I was upset over you and she was comforting me"
Smack
Hearing De tug at Dean's body, making him freeze "Did you just call me De? You haven't since before the accident." He hasn't been called that in forever.
Jo stated the obvious “You are.”
Cas turned to her with a smile "I insist. A gentleman always pays for the girl, so let me"
"It is" Dean nodded, giving him an answer "I sat right here as you sat right there in these exact spots."
She headed into Castiel's room, frowning but staying calm "Hey Mr. Novak, do you know who I am?"
“You know you’ll be spending most of the day reading.” Charlie chuckled knowing him well enough to know how he would spend his day alone.
Cas was taken back "So I really became an architect not a doctor?"
Cas moaned from the taste of his tongue while his legs flew up just to be wrapped around Dean's waist bringing their thrusts even closer into one another; the movement readjusted their bodies in such a pleasant way in perfect rhythm, having Dean moan out directly into Castiel's mouth.
Finally, the class he was looking forward to came, he turned the corner towards the class in the basement failing to notice that Alastair has spotted him and decided to hold out his foot.
When it was time to break so that oxygen can pass through their lungs, they didn't go far by placing their foreheads together. "Tell me that was good for you as it was for me." Dean whispered.
Dean's own cock was hardening just by the sounds Cas was making. Letting go with a little whimper from Cas, he brought his hands up to circle Castiel's nipples with the pointer fingers, slowly tracing around before switching it to his thumbs, going back and forth to harden the buds.
Castiel started to walk out of the room “get up and get ready. It’s our senior year, last year of being a high school student. Lets’ gets it started so it can come to an end.” He went to walk out but stopped, turning around “I’ll make breakfast I hope you like cereal” He didn’t wait for her to answer. He left, walking back into the creamed colored hallway and down the stairs to the stainless-steel kitchen. Charlie’s parents weren’t home, they must have left already having early hours.
"I am not, Cas." She kind of wishes she was "You hit your head hard causing you to have memory loss." She diagnosed. "This sort of thing can happen with brain injuries."
"It doesn't prove anything but..." Dean trailed off.
"How is that going?" Dean bent down next to him to get a better look at the pictures that were spread out in order.
Charlie smiled with a small giggle “Oh Dean likes you.”
"Could you just fuck off and get out of this life?" She couldn't take Cas being around Dean anymore "You corrupted him enough, I can fix him"
Charlie:
“Driver picks the music shotgun shuts his cakehole?” Jo tried to mimic Dean’s voice.
"I remember everything, Charlie!" Cas cheered "all of my lost memories. These past ten years are fully back."
His coworker Noelle was the one who pinched him. She was a college student working part to help pay for her college.
“Hey stop!” Mr. Rollan warned, stopping the game quickly.
He got off work late last night. Cas works at a little coffee shop a few blocks away from where he lives in walking distance. He been there for the past two years. Getting this job thanks to Charlie, who got a job there before he did. Sometimes they have the same shift, sometimes they don’t.
Cas continues, “I realize something. It has been my mission to serve Heaven for most of my existence. When I raised you from Hell, I found a new mission --to serve humanity --to serve you.” His eyes flit down, sheepish.
It takes him a moment to realize what they’re watching —other than the surreal feeling of watching himself from the past. They’re at his home with Lisa. This was the year when he lived with her, trying to find an impossible peace. Maybe it would have worked if Chuck wasn’t around, Dean thinks. He watches his other self for a moment and remembers. He remembers how lonely he was, how lost. He loved Lisa in a lot of ways, but it was doomed from the start.
“Dean.”
He gets Cas out the door and starts to navigate him back to their room. Cas is a heavy weight on his side but he’s still conscious and mostly able to walk himself. He’s getting worse though —and with that Dean’s panic level increases.
“Listen, all I’m saying is this town is a little
As they enter, Sam and Dean pull their guns. It’s dark inside and seemingly void of activity. They slowly creep along the stalls, working their way carefully to the staircase leading to the hayloft. If they’re here, and there’s going to be a sacrifice, they’re more than likely at their altar. Dust falls from the ceiling as they walk and muffled noises start to emanate from above them.
“The portal,” he signs. Eileen eventually indicates her understanding.
“A tour of haunted places around Schitt’s Creek. Cas’s idea, really, but it might prove worthwhile if people are dying outside of town and we’ve got malevolent spirits doing their yearly weeding out of road trippers, or whatever’s going on.” Dean has an idea just then. “Sam, have we ruled out that it isn't just the townspeople that are evil? I mean, people are nice here, like too nice.”
Dean gets out of the car to take a closer look and Cas follows suit. Walking around the front of the other vehicle Dean realizes it’s not quite like Cas’s old Lincoln Continental Mark V. If he’s not mistaken, this one is a 1979 Lincoln Continental Town Car. And it’s black.
, Dean thinks wryly. Maybe he’ll really hear Sam’s word of caution next time. Maybe. He’s feeling ridiculous about the day, about how his feelings for Cas manifest at the worst times - times of panic.
“Yeah, I wasn’t convinced there was a case at first either. I saw the death pop up on my hunter scanner earlier, and dismissed it. What’s one death in a roadside motel after all? However, when I saw those newspapers, I was a little shocked at the coincidence, and curious about the town. The newspapers were mostly filled with just small town crap, the farm report, local gossip, marriages and births, and all that stuff. Even the obituaries were run of the mill.”
Dean’s eyes bug out and he swivels around to look back at the large sign. The sign is like most billboards on the outskirts of small towns. They’ve seen many welcoming them to any number of communities across the United States, friendly welcomes and quaint slogans and pretty scenery. This one has all of that — well, all of that and then some.
“You know what I think, Sam? I think you’ve been cooped up in this bunker too long and you’re ready to make up a case just to have an excuse for a road trip. Don’t you have important work  to do for Rowena?” Dean hopes that last comment sticks to Sam a bit, and he starts to curl back into the couch. He realized almost too late that Cas is still sitting at the other end, and lowers his feet to the ground again, half lying on the arm of the couch, arms awkwardly covering his chest.
Dean pauses while he parks the car off the road a little way from the barn. It’s another sunny, bright, and beautiful day but the woods around them is thick and  shadows dance along the path to the barn. Sam and Rowena are around and he sends a quick text for an exact location. He doesn’t see another vehicle around. They start walking and come to the clearing around the barn. The barn seems abandoned but the grass is maintained and clutter free. About a hundred yards from the barn there’s a copse of trees. Dean and Cas find Sam and Rowena there.
“Oh. Good. I’m happy for you.”
Dean heads to the bathroom and does the quickest water and motel soap clean up he can. He comes back out to the room and finds Cas talking to a dark haired woman holding towels. The bed has been stripped and the mattress is half off the bed frame. Clearly Cas started taking matters into his own capable hands before Dean could help.
, he reminds himself.
Dean hesitates. He does want to know. If there’s a way —if he could somehow —he needs to know. What if knowing just makes this pain worse?
“Dean, I once only had faith in Heaven and God. I thought it was my righteous path. You taught me there was something more, something better to believe in —family, humanity. God might be pulling the strings and sending us down paths of destruction over and over again, but at the end of it all, we have always found the right way because we have each other. Who we are and what we believe in, is entirely on us. I’d say that’s a human feature that Chuck didn’t see coming.”
“Oh, of course. We recently booked out all the rooms but you’re in luck! Let’s see, it looks like Room 4 is available. It includes a comfortable bed, convenient kitchenette, and complementary coasters. I assume you will be sharing a room?”
Together, they finish assembling the dessert. Dean pops it in the oven to bake. As the pie bubbles and slowly browns to a warm, caramel shade, Dean and Cas start to talk. Nothing too important is said, but it feels normal. It feels right again.
“Sam? Hey, we’re back,” Dean yells down into the bunker as he and Cas walk down the wrought-iron staircase.
It matters. It matters so much that Dean’s heart is aching and his mind is reeling knowing that they are so close, but nothing can bring him back. He looks daggers into the drink in front of him, ignoring the eerie presence of Jack behind him.
. He has more to say- so much more. He just isn’t sure how to form the words.
“We’re Sam and Dean Winchester and you’ve got a buddy of ours tied up over there. We’re going to have you free him, and then we’re going to have you disband your merry band of killers here.”
“Dean,” Cas responds, not looking up from the book.
“Well, I’m heading out to grab a bite to eat and then maybe sneak into the morgue. I’ll see you guys in an hour.”
Sam looks over at Rowena and clears his throat.
A hollow silence follows those words. Dean stares at the road ahead while the Impala eats up the miles towards home. He doesn’t want to think about how they became a family. He doesn’t want to think about how their family isn’t complete. It’ll never be complete again.
“Dean, I’m holding your hand. It’s a sign of affection.”
“Dean, you’ve had a life more extraordinary than anyone. You’re entitled to your anger and your hurt. We’re good though. We’re family. We’ll always be a family.”
“Yes, David, they just came in.” Patrick clears his throat, a little red in the face, and reaches for his coffee. He silently mouths “Thank you” to David before taking a sip.
“Ugh.” They both look down at Dean’s comment.
And Dean listens to the three of them explain the plan. Jack makes it clear that it’s a risky endeavor. He cannot rescue them. He cannot guarantee that the Empty is stable for humans without the necessary angel grace to enter. It is an infinite, hollow wasteland. Finding Cas might be impossible. The more Jack speaks of the hindrances and the impossibility of it all, the more hope Dean feels. They can do this. They’ve done crazy before. Even if Chuck was guiding the gun to the mark, he wasn’t pulling the trigger. They can make these choices now, fully. He wants to save Cas. His stomach twists just thinking about it.
Cas's hard glare softens, and he reaches out to cup Dean's face. He draws closer to Dean, their foreheads almost touching.
Dean grasps his wrist though and turns the song down to a quieter level.
“Uh, well, I think my husband might be looking for me. It’s nice meeting you and keep up the great work!”
Dean’s out the door and sliding behind the driver’s seat before the other two. He’s itching to go. God knows what’s happening with Cas. Damnit, he shouldn’t have left him alone.
“How?” he asks, despite his heart waving every red flag in warning to stop this fruitless endeavor.
Dean scrambles over to them and kneels over Sam. Eileen is starting to fade and Dean realizes he needs to act fast. He grabs Eileen by the shoulder to get her attention. He motions towards the portal, and mouths, “Go!” She doesn’t move. Sam is a dead weight on the floor.
“Well, you were right, Sam. Now when’s the next council meeting?” Dean asks, breaking the silence.
“You ready?”
Cas looks at Dean, his eyes are sad and his expression soft. “No, I should be elsewhere.”
Cas wanders back to the car while Dean opens their room. Once again, it’s much like any room they’ve stayed at in the past. For once there isn’t a specific design highlighting the location where they’re staying. Dean feels that the motel is missing out on a highly-marketable design style. Wood wainscoting panels the walls, while one wall sports bright aqua brick, and a double bed populates the space to the right of the door. Further into the room is a table and a mini-kitchenette. There is a bathroom and closet that together fill the back wall. Dean looks back to the bed and sighs. The afternoon escalated a little too fast for him to process it all. But they’re here now. He keeps looking at the bed, thinking about sharing it with Cas tonight, tomorrow night. Heaven forbid they don’t solve this thing, and finds himself thinking about sharing a bed with Cas for the indefinite future. His palms sweat a little. Cas doesn’t even sleep, what’s the big deal?
“Okay, well let’s rendezvous in an hour back at the motel. Cas and me are stopping to pick up some supplies, and then tomorrow we’ve, uh, we’ve got a haunted woods tour to go on.”
“Listen, I have no clue what this town is really about, but the highly offensive nature of this sign is what makes it hilarious, and we’re getting a picture together.” And with that he swings his arm around Cas’s neck to position them in front of the sign, and grins wildly for Sam to snap the picture.
His maudlin thoughts are interrupted with a loud crash of thunder. Dean and Cas both look up and scan the distant horizon. Dean sees it first and almost tumbles out of the tree with eagerness. Cas catches him though and pushes him closer to the trunk of the tree.
“Dean.” Cas is whispering but he is very close to Dean and Dean can hear a slight slur to his speech. “I’m so glad you’re back. This is such a nice idea for a date."
Dean crowds in closer, barely uttering, “Damn straight.”
“C’mon, kid. Let’s go home.”
“What I did to the Novak family was one of the worst memories of my entire existence. I regret hurting Claire, and taking her family. I sometimes wish I could take it all back and just let them live.”
He’s got to figure out what’s happening to him. The last time Cas was hit with a spell —if that is what this is —was Rowena’s Attack Dog spell. That wasn’t good for anyone.
“Well, it was only a practice run before his actual birthday.”
“Ray, Jocelyn is having an ultrasound today? Do you know if she’s going to learn the baby’s gender? They’re really tempting fate with that endeavor. And what did Roland say about what happened with the death?”
He pauses in the doorway for a second, taking in the absurdity of the room before the man notices him.
“Great, we’ll be there.” He turns back to Bob and inquires about getting a call when the parts arrive. Bob gets Dean’s number and Dean then asks about the possibility of a loaner car. As much as it hurts to leave Baby in the parking lot of the motel, it wouldn’t look good for their cover if he kept driving it around. Bob lets them know they can borrow a car from the shop if necessary. Dean holds off for now but tells Bob they’ll be back if walking around town becomes too much during their stay. They thank Bob and head out.
“Dean, I have something I want to give you.”
“The other Castiel --the one in their world-- we’re the same. For so long I served Heaven.” He stops, lips snapping shut, leaving thoughts simmering under the surface.
“Right? About what?”
Dean calls Sam and his frantic brother answers on the first ring.
“Great, Cas. I was thinking of expanding the records search to surrounding communities, maybe the pattern is part of something larger. The one thing I can think of that seems weird, is that this recent death is the first in a while of a non-resident dying while traveling through Schitt’s Creek. Before 1991, the pattern of deaths were all from people traveling. It was really hard to distinguish at first, but once I put that together I was able to track things quicker. Why did travelers stop dying —and why did it start again?”
Dean makes a garbled noise and pulls Cas off his neck to find his mouth. Dean can’t help but think about how right —
Cas runs his hands up Dean’s back and then down to his hips, holding him steady while he thrusts up, the friction sending sparks up Dean’s spine. Dean kisses Cas again as he reaches between them, drawing them together. He forms a tight circle around their cocks and moves his hand up and down. There’s slight mewling noise from Cas.
“Dean.”
Cas remains silent, but nods. Dean opens the door and Cas follows close behind.
“You know I like it also. I work later at the bar tonight though. I shouldn’t have to be up so early.” He nibbles at Cas’s neck, feeling the  beard stubble on his lips, tasting the salt and sweat, drowning in the need to be closer to Cas.
He sets the brush down and casually wipes his hands on the front of his blue jeans, moving to find his phone. It’s sitting on the kitchen counter, and he picks it up to play music to fill the emptiness.
He swallows, composes himself, and stands once more. He realizes at that moment that he’ll walk for eternity to find him, and not regret it for a single second.
"You love me?"
The ground starts to shift again, and Dean curses.
Dean gets them both in the room and positions Cas so he’s sitting on the bed. Quickly running back to turn on the light, he looks over at Cas.
“You know I want you by my side in this fight, right? I just can’t believe it’s true that you’d choose me…that somehow God didn’t, uh, make one of his chosen angels manipulate what’s really happening.”
“What? Can’t a guy have a little morning cuddle time before tackling the next shit thing on the list?”
“The book has a ‘recipe’ in the front. It’s a spell though —a conjuring spell. We reversed it.” Sam says.
“I assume it’s because the sound effects department deemed them necessary to make the movie more engaging.“ This time, Dean could sense Cas’s smug not-quite smile form around the words.
“Oh.”
Dean shakes his head, incredulous, quickly pecking Cas on the lips in his own apology, before lying on his back again, Cas still tight to his side. A quiet peace settles around them. Content, they return to enjoying the endless stars and a moment together.
“No. It wasn’t.” Dean blushes and turns back to the road.
“He’ll have you around a lot longer than me or Sam,” he responds, lightly, but wants to curl his hand into a fist, and block out the implications behind Cas’s words. Cas is immortal. Cas will be there for him —and Jack forever.
“And you’re going to have to tell us everything you know about what’s been going on in this town.” Sam follows up with a smile.
“It appears so. Obviously, you can have the bed. I have no need for it.”
Dean isn’t even thinking about that. He’s thinking about the logistics of being fake-married to Cas. Would they hold hands? Would they hug all the time? Would they have to get a room with only one bed to sell the story? Would they kiss in public? His mind is reeling. He can’t do this. And he’s still mad at Cas, although his mind draws a blank about why now.
“If it brings you comfort, this was an accident and I don’t step on the next one.” He says it plainly.
“I’m better than I thought I’d be. I thought, god, I don’t know what I thought. Jack...what Jack did, it’s a little scary to process. You think he’s good?”
“You two sure are comfortable with the witches in town. Most people just laugh at the idea and look confused.”
“Believe it,” Dean states. His voice is drowned out by the portal closing though, and he looks back as it quickly disappears.
“Yes, we are on a road trip visiting Niagara Falls.”
This more than likely is a case. Sam didn’t make it up and the coincidence of travelers dying is too interesting.
They pack quickly, not having much stuff to begin with. Cas’s sweater ends up in Dean’s bag —maybe Cas’ll want it later as a costume on another hunt — or as a change-up around the bunker.
“I killed myself, Dean. I killed that part of me that was an unfeeling, unquestioning monster. And I’m glad of it.”
“The Schitt family and the town it inhabits are sacred. We’ve done the bidding of Leabharcham for hundreds of years. Wherever the Schitt family settles, and whenever a new generation is born to the Schitt family, we form again to protect the natural world —to protect this family from intruders and the encroaching corrupt world.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
Dean glances at Jack again. He’s looking down at his open palms. He looks up at Dean then, meeting his eyes.
“You want to go back to the sign?”
Dean comes out of the bathroom, expecting Cas to have made himself at home watching TV —as he tends to do in motels they stay in, but instead he is neatly folding his trench coat and laying it on the bed. His back is to Dean, and it’s a good thing, because Dean’s mouth falls wide open.
Cas clears his throat and looks sideways.
Cas looks down at himself, his hands coming up to pat down his coat.
It’s then that Dean remembers, fake-married or not, his car is the reason they have to stay an extended amount of time in town. He remembers Sam mentioning there was a garage in town, but thinks to ask Johnny again just to lay the groundwork for their cover.
“Nothing was on the toxicology report for the two vics though.”
“Well, Dean, I did find a case. And I’m pretty sure you’re going to want to be a part of this. Remember Rose Video?”
Dean’s eyes grow slightly wider, and he blinks.
His wife, though, comes over.
Once outside, and on their way back to the motel, Dean asks Cas about what he overheard.
Dean wakes to a glaring bright sun. It’s horrifying. He squeezes his eyes shut trying to avoid the harsh reality of daylight. He feels a solid, warm presence behind him and reaches to pull his pillow over his head. It won’t move though. The solid, warm presence is also on the pillow.
Jimmy walks outside and down the stairs of his front porch. He stands on his front walk and looks upwards. He starts talking to himself.
“I feel woefully unprepared for what’s in store. These deaths have been happening on and off for hundreds of years. What could possibly be the motivation for the random killings of travelers?”
Rowena makes her appearance known at this point and ineffective spells are cast back and forth. The witches, not realizing who Rowena is, are shocked. One man storms at Dean, taunting him that bullets can’t stop them. Dean shoots him dead, eyes already scanning the rest of the room. A few see that Dean means real business and will kill if necessary, so they pause. Dean sees Cas untie himself and start to work his way off the table, angel blade in hand. Sam ties Gwen to the table and is scanning the others. Rowena knocks a few more witches out as well.
“Dean, there’s very little magic emanating from this hex bag.”
“Is this it now? We get to live out our days high on the hog? Enjoying each other’s company? Safe from imminent death and destruction?”
He scowls at Cas. Cas looks back at him, almost daring him to snap, but Dean remains quiet. He’s sitting up now, and his feet are firmly on the area rug on the bunker floor. Sam’s voice is getting louder from down the hallway. Dean thinks he sounds nerd-excited, which means he’s found a case.
They kiss again, their bodies aligned, no space between them. While one of Cas’s hands continues to card through Dean’s hair, the other moves from Dean’s shoulder to cradle his face. His fingers trace the tears. He pulls away from Dean again and looks him in the eyes. Not blinking, he shifts his focus to his hand, fingers still damp. He licks his lips. Dean can’t help himself, and licks his own lips, mirroring Cas. He can’t help but want to dive back in, get lost in the moment and forget it all.
He remembers ripping out his grace, and becoming human. He remembers all these things.
Cas makes it back to the bunker in good time. It’s still early and he figures the brothers are probably still awake. He sits in the cab of his truck a full ten minutes contemplating his next move. Seeing Dean again is an inevitable part of getting back in the game. If he could delay that meeting —if he could delay the anger— he’d wait in the fading glow of the night sky indefinitely.
“Race you to the top!” he exclaims, and runs circles up the massive tree trunk.
, Dean thinks, and somehow, Cas thinks Dean finds him a burden.
The man —Johnny Rose, Dean reminds himself— is way too enthusiastic, but Dean can’t help but be mesmerized anyway. He rented more than his fair share of videos at any and every Rose Video in whatever town they were in when he was a kid. If he was to credit one person for sustaining his love for pop culture, it’d be Johnny Rose. Dean takes a couple steps into the office, realizing that he is just staring at the man.
“C’mon, let’s check out this Rose Apothecary and head back to the motel. Sam’s meeting us there in a bit.”
Dean wanders down to the basement marveling at how seamlessly his brother seems to be accepting and thriving at guiding their fellow hunters. If this is the compromise Sam has to make with himself to exist in this world, then Dean’s happy for him. It’s not like he’s not going to head out on a hunt every now and again. Sometimes they’re just fun, and when Sam turns off that damn emo brain of his, he’s a damn good hunter.
“Who are you? What are you doing here?” A taller man in a dark robe demands.
He pauses halfway down, gripping the bark with anxiety and anticipation. Cas is so close behind him, he barrels right into Dean’s bushy red tail.
“And Rowena was here?”
“Like what? Motel inspectors? Journalists?”
Happiness is something Dean hasn’t felt in a very long time. He rubs his face and focuses on the recipe card in front of him. He thinks about Lee, and the brief memory of happiness that was destroyed at the end of a pool cue. He thinks of Chuck and all they have to battle, all they have to fight for still.
He wonders how they can stop this. Cas doesn’t seem interested in finding an escape, which frustrates Dean to no end.
Cas had walked away from Dean and is now near the kitchenette. He turns and leans against the counter.
“Uh, yeah, Cas. That sounds good. I was thinking you could pose as one of the tourists.” Sam looks sideways and continues. “And Dean, before you clam up and reject this whole idea, I think you should be the other tourist. I think you guys can pretend to have just been to the falls and now there’s something wrong with your car.” Before Dean can even start to sputter a rebuttal, Sam continues, “You’re going to have to hurt your car, Dean —so you have a reason to stay in Schitt’s Creek. There’s a garage there, Bob’s Garage.”
“Cas, remember all those years ago, you rescued me from Zachariah? I told you don’t ever change?” He places his arm on the back of Cas’s shoulder, his hand momentarily resting near Cas’s neck, an echo of that night, before he pulls away, hesitant with his need to touch and still continue with what he needs to say.
Dean still isn’t sure where to go with this conversation. What the hell is he implying about the turndown service? Dean shudders internally.
“Your job? Your job is to be by our side. Your job is to be by
He’s thinking about the coven though, and why sacrifices are being made —and how the town continues to not prosper. Shouldn’t it be the opposite? If the Schitt family is tied to this?
“Sam was just asking about a book my gran had that was all about the Schitt family history. She gave it to my aunt who then gave it to me when her now ex-husband joined a traveling troubadour band. Said it’d probably come in handy one day. It’s just big and old and makes my bookshelf look nicer with it.”
Dean chuckles and turns to answer Cas. He looks down to look at the sweater —that damn sweater. Dean didn’t know Cas had it in him to dress with any sense of fashion. He feels slightly odd wearing just an olive green henley to the event. He also feels odd admiring Cas’s clothes so much. It’s just different to see Cas in something other than the trench coat. He’s admiring the clothes —not Cas —that’s all it is.
"I haven't been honest with myself --and I haven't been honest with you," he murmurs into Cas's neck.
“I gave up my grace, Dean. I don’t want it anymore.” Cas explains.
“It’s a sweater, Dean. I bought it at the apothecary. Patrick said it was a great purchase —made locally in the area.”
Cas slowly runs his hand over Dean’s lower back, and lower, grabbing his ass. Dean’s naked, they're both naked, and Dean starts to wake a bit more.
They slide into the Schitt’s Creek Motel in early afternoon. The sun is still high in the sky and there isn’t a cloud to be seen. It’s a picture-perfect day, Dean realizes. They park in front of the office and he cuts the engine.
“I think we should split up, try a separate approach. Maybe two of us go in together, get a room, hopefully the room where the man died at the motel, and then the other one comes into town later. There’s a town nearby, Elmdale, that has a library that would be good to stop at first.”
Dean’s stomach flips. That made a lot of sense for a theory.
“Hey, I know. You think I could stand being around the two of you for all these years and not realize what two dumbasses in love look like?” Sam says, smiling.
The four of them slowly creep towards the barn.
The couple that was just talking with Cas walk up to Dean then and smile. He wants to walk past them but realizes they’re making a pointed effort to interact with him so he pauses to recognize them.
“Cas, being with you now, in our new life, this is the best memory for me,” Dean says. He thinks it’s cheesy, but means it.
“Well, I say go talk to Bob. He’ll set you up right. Just tell him Johnny sent you and you’ll get the Friends and Family discount. I’ll ring him up right now to let him know you’re on your way.”
The sun is up but it’s still early. There’s dew on the grass and aside from birds chirping in the distance, there’s only silence from the motel inhabitants around them.
Thinking of Cas, he turns in the passenger seat to look at him. Cas is staring ahead, hands in his lap.
He finally manages to sit up, still bleary eyed, but awake enough to manage thinking about the walk to the kitchen, and coffee. There’s a knock at his door before he can place his feet on the ground.
Dean instantly sobers.
“How?” Dean’s voice is almost inaudible.
He takes another drink and gets up from his chair striding closer to Jack.
Dean is past the anger state of panic and he doesn’t answer Cas, focusing on getting them both back to the motel room.
Cas is standing, his hair mussed in its usual manner, wearing his regular dress pants and shoes. Instead of his usual suit coat, button down shirt, and trench coat, he’s sporting a baby blue cashmere crew neck sweater. It fits him just right —and shows off everything the trench coat loves to hide.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Jack’s voice is quiet, knowing.
“Cas, you gotta look at me. Really look, man.” Cas turns towards Dean. His face is a passive shield. “You said before that none of this is real. We’re just watching memories again and again. These things happened though. You also once told me —when I was doubting reality pretty bad— that we were real. I didn’t get it then, but hear me, Cas. What we’re watching right now, this moment, was real for me too. I gave you that tape because I didn’t have the words to tell you how I felt.”
“Okay, okay, listen. Taking into account other things I’ve read and talking with people at the library in Elmdale, I’m starting to wonder about the woods in the area. Is there something malevolent out there? Something old that feeds on or kills humans without evidence? I’ve heard of wood sprites or, remember the Bisaan in Colorado? I’m going to have to keep digging, and then it’s a matter of finding the thing.”
With a final thank you, Twyla takes off to deliver Gwen safely home.
Cas’s fingers start to lightly dance across Dean’s shirt. Dean feels the tiny beats and looks down to watch Cas tug at the edge, his hand sliding under it. He feels Cas’s hand move. It’s warm on his skin and the swirling motion on his lower back tempers the chaotic energy of his mind a fraction.
“Dean.”
It’s quiet inside. Sam isn’t in the library. Dean isn’t in the kitchen. He doesn’t check the Dean Cave. Instead, he heads for his room to drop off his few belongings. Once there, he toes off his shoes and sheds his trench coat. He grimaces at the ache in his shoulders and the dull throb in his lower back, from driving for so long.
They’ll be happy here, he thinks. They’ll find a way to live, and be together. They’ll be content. He knows this, even if he’s slightly sad to never see his and Cas’s quasi-son, his brother, and Eileen again.
“What do you mean, of course he’s going to come back to the bunker. He’s the man with the plan, he’s top dog, he can do whatever he wants now. C’mon.” Dean starts walking to his car. They can celebrate. Maybe he’ll make Jack another cake.
“Well, more than likely the same as what you do with me…find food and eat.”
“Of course, Dean.”
Dean feels the ground shift and he realizes he’s heading for another vertigo induced trip. His head swims and the world swirls around him, with Cas disappearing into the chaos.
“I think we should track down Gwen —see who she’s involved with. I think we should also maybe go back and talk with Twyla again too.”
“Stay focused, man,” Sam mutters beside him.
“Dean, it has to be them. Only Jack can create paths between worlds. Only Jack would save our family and reunite us.”
“Uh, yeah.” His voice cracks, and he looks around for a glass of something, but there’s only empty beer bottles.
“It’s settled then. Now you two are newlyweds on your way home from your honeymoon in Niagara Falls. Perfect cover.” As an afterthought, he adds, “You’re still going to have to hurt your car.”
Cas sits up then to exit the bed. Dean grabs his arm lightly.
Dean senses a reservation in that statement. Cas says it often enough —usually when he wants to let something go, but still let Dean know that he’ll support his decisions, even when they’re wrong.
“I hear you’re staying at the old Schitt’s Creek Motel. It’s got A+ maintenance and concierge over there, if you know what I mean.” The guy smiles at Dean and winks.
He looks around and finds the portal, open, a window into the bunker. He then sees Sam and Eileen. They’re not doing well. Sam is down, passed out, twitching. Eileen is beside him, shaking him, but barely able to hold herself together. Dean doesn’t panic. He can’t panic. For whatever reason, they’re not recovering like he did.
“What? Cas. We need to get out of here.” Dean pauses and realizes what Cas is telling him. He feels vertigo, but the earth doesn’t shift under him like before. “Are you telling me that you’re just reliving your worst memories over and over again —-for eternity?”
“What the hell man? I just organized this place this summer!”
Sam reaches out and grazes Dean’s hand.
He pulls back to look Dean in the eye or, well, his face since Dean refuses to even open his eyes in the light.
“Of course, why wouldn’t we be?”
Dean does some quick thinking but isn’t completely sure how this all adds up.
“Yes, I understand. Promise my family will be okay and I'll do it...then, yes.” Jimmy accepts Castiel to possess him.
Dean and Cas are barely in the room before Sam breaks the news.
His heart beats a little faster at that admission, and the tips of his ears are warmer. The oven is pre-heated but Dean doesn’t think that’s the cause.
Dean and Cas walk the short path to Rose Apothecary. It’s just this side of pretentious, Dean thinks. Its black and white aesthetic is considerably fancier than the Gas ’n Sip where he tends to pick up all his necessary travel gear. They walk inside the large wood-framed glass doors to a high-ceilinged and spacious well organized room. There are large tables filled with bath lotions, oils, and “body milks”. There are shelves off to the left and to the right is the counter. The place is empty, aside from a lone guy standing behind the counter. He’s got short brown hair, a blue button down shirt, and a bland face. He greets them as they come in. Dean nods in return and starts scanning the place for a toothbrush and deodorant.
Cas’s hand slips down to Dean’s neck and starts making a little swirling motion, a comforting touch.
“Dean, would you like me to get you a drink? It might make this experience more bearable for you,” Cas whispers in his ear.
He draws a quick finger across his lips, indicating for Dean not to make a sound. Then he darts his finger forward a couple of times. It’s time to move —before the Empty knows that Cas is awake. Cas takes Dean’s hand and they start walking. Dean has no clue where they’re going, but senses that Cas does. He follows him, eventually entwining their fingers, squeezing them on occasion to feel the flesh and bone, and know that Cas is there with him.
, but bites his tongue. “Come back soon.”
Cas smiles slightly, and rests his hand over Dean's heart. It's beating like a jackhammer and Dean wants to squirm away from the touch, but stays still.
Patrick takes off for the back of the store, while Dean tracks his eyes back to David. Cas had wandered off again, opening random jars and sniffing them. David keeps flitting glances back at them, and Dean’s spidey senses start going into hyperdrive.
“Hmmm, very much.” David looks wistfully at the back of the store. It takes Dean aback a bit. The blind look of love that David has plastered across his face is like a punch to Dean’s solar plexus. He’s seen versions of that look many times —on Cas when he’s looking at Dean —and that one time looking at a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Dean buries that thought and continues the interrogation.
“Not interested? She’s the whole reason I got you to come on this case!”
Cas continues to stand there, just looking at him. Eventually he answers, “Of course,” and walks further into Dean’s room.
Sam starts scrolling through his tablet and stops at a point.
From the back, Dean hears a garbled gasp. “Murders?! Who are you two?”
“Wine’ll do in a pinch but see if they have something better,” he answers, refocusing on the crowd.
Dean hangs up and looks back at Cas. He has a sour look on his face and Dean feels guilty for saying he was weird in front of him, but he is, even if he doesn’t mean to be.
“Mmmmhhh, Dean,” Cas wakes, and mutters while he stretches up against Dean’s length. He wraps his arm around him tighter. “What are you doing up first? I thought I wore you out last night.”
“What do you want me to say, Cas? I thought you made a dumbass move back there in Nevada, and I’m not ok with it.”
“I want to make sure it was what I think it was.”
He sighs and removes his suit jacket next. He grabs some loungewear from his dresser —clothing Dean once loaned him in an effort to loosen him up. Might as well dress the part if he’s becoming human again. He has another thought and heads to the bunker’s bathroom. If he’s suffering the pains of a human, he might as well indulge in the nice parts of being human and take a nice long bubble bath. The brothers are gone. He has the bunker to himself.
While Ray gabs on and on, Dean wonders how he can extract himself from the situation. The next person is setting up to perform. The time to converse is getting smaller. He looks for Cas —and his drink —again, and finds Cas talking with a blond couple. The man has the most horrific mullet Dean has ever witnessed — and that’s saying a lot for someone who’s main interactions are with other hunters.
“Whiskey,” he whispers, pointedly as Cas steps away from him.
Inside, the barn is dark. Dean turns on the flashlight he grabbed from the trunk of the Impala and draws his gun, conveniently loaded with witch-killing bullets. Cas is following close behind,  arm outstretched, a warm yellow light emanating from his hand. Rowena and Sam follow in quick succession. The barn is dusty and unused. Old hay bales litter corners in haphazard piles of varying decay. It seems like no one has entered the place in a very long time.
Dean also looks around one more time at all the people, and opens his door to the Impala.
He chides himself on the timing. They’re in the middle of a case. Sam is probably minutes away from busting down their door and here they sit, both half-naked lying in bed and he’s confessing things like it’s their goddamn honeymoon—
“Here, drink this.” It’s a stupid thing. Water isn’t going to help. Cas holds the water but just looks down at it.
Sam waves and smiles at Twyla to get her attention. Twyla beams back at him which causes Alexis to look over. Her mouth falls open.
Cas nods his head, and Dean exhales, licking his lips before trying to gather his thoughts. He gets it. He's been on a never-ending path of destruction his whole life. Since he was young, he's been angry --at his father, his mother, Sam, Cas, all the evil in the world, and now Jack --but mostly Chuck.
He turns to look at Jack as he finishes the job. The kid did it —again. Cas lets go of Dean’s hand and walks over to Jack.
“Yeah, it’s been a weird couple of weeks,” he sighs, and continues, “Are you okay?”
“Cas, I need you to focus. I’ve got to get you out of here. Can you wrap your arm around my shoulder?”
He decides to go for it. Ask the one thing he really wants. He deserves a win after everything. He knows this now.
“I fail to see the humor in what appears to be a small town missive of inconsequential happenings. Unless, of course, that is the humor. I don’t think we should be laughing at the minutiae of small towns. Lebanon itself is quite small.”
Cas ‘does his thing’ and they finish making the bed before heading out to explore the town.
“I thought you said you thought the transmission was ‘making that popping noise again’ as we pulled up to the motel?”
“That was quite a story.”
“Dean, this is Stevie. She owns the motel and has brought us more towels. I was in the process of looking for a bug under the bed when she made her appearance.”
A bit later, he’s diligently minding the pasta as it boils and he doesn’t hear Dean enter through their front door.
“How do these items work on killing people from afar?”
Dean reads through the texts before listening to his voicemail. Sam left five texts and three voicemails.
perfect for all its weirdness. We’re surrounded by woods. My second bet is woodland creature that kills to maintain its power. The town is its feeding ground. It’s not very prosperous compared to Elmdale or other nearby towns. The Roses move to town a couple years ago and things start to change? The murders start up again. Why? They own the town, they live at the motel where one of the vics died.”
“Hmm.”
“Of course, Dean.”
“And, uh, it’s a completely ridiculous cover. No one cares who were are to each other. Everyone in this town just seems to go with the flow. It’s stupid.”
“I’m Dean, and this is my buddy Cas --.”
Sam and Dean head to Cafe Tropical, the logical start to tracking down Twyla. They find her behind the counter when they reach the cafe. Dean recognizes her as their waitress from the night before and realizes Cas and him kind of did a piss poor job of getting to know the locals. They were a little distracted which is why Dean wanted to take this part of the case with Sam. Cas is a distraction.
Dean watches and realizes what’s happening. This is the moment that Cas takes Jimmy as his vessel. Dean wants to stop it. Well, not really, but he’s uneasy knowing what happens to Jimmy and Amelia. He thinks of Claire and all the pain and struggles she went through before finding Jody. Would her life have been better with a stable family? Dean doesn’t know. She’s a fighter, and so independent. He isn’t sure how a devout Christian would handle a scrappy lesbian for a daughter and shakes his head to pay attention to what’s happening.
“I’m out. Sam, if you so much as
“Cas, talk to me. What happened tonight?”
“Cas! Damn it! Come on!”
A beat passes, and Dean hears Cas, with mirth in his low voice, ask quietly, “Do you ever wonder why humans are so ticklish, Dean?”
“Cas, I remember what else you said.” He looks up to see Cas’s eyes a little wide. Swallowing over the lump in his throat, Dean continues, “This is a long time coming, but I need you to know--I want you to know, that I love you.”
Patrick sighs a bit and looks at Dean and Cas. “I’ll be right back with your items. Please look around while you wait.”
“I know, Dean. You never fail to mention it when we watch that movie.”
The brothers glare at each other and Dean can tell Sam has an idea but can’t say anything in front of Twyla. Better she knows as little as possible at this point.
“Hey! Eileen, it’s good to see you.” He gets up and gives Eileen a hug. He gets a glimpse of Sam’s curious face when he pulls back, but turns to grab his drink to avoid any pointed reaction from his brother.
“She’s at her home, Sam. You should go to her. Find her. She’s wondering about you as well.” Jack smiles, urging Sam forward.
“I appreciate it, Dean. And I’m sorry I missed the cake.”
“Dean, why am I here if you want silence?”
“Dean.” Cas’s voice is rough, and goes soft. “I see that this time with your family, this time with your father, has made you realize some things. You don’t need to be better for me. A wise man once told me that we’re better together. I’ll remind him of that now. We make each other better. And you
“I’d like that, Sam. I…I don’t know how long I can stay, but I’d like to come home for a bit.”
His face isn’t harsh though, and his voice is soft.
“What?” Dean’s still in warm-up mode. Way for what?
At the thought of sleeping next to Cas, Dean starts to feel nervous again. The adrenaline of the hunt is gone, and Dean’s self-doubt starts to creep in again.
“I like spending time with you, Cas. And I can’t spend time with you if you’re dead.”
He continues, “You deserve better than me, Cas. But like I told Sam earlier, I’m proud of who I am. I see where we’ve been, what could have happened, and I guess I’d rather have you in my life than have you be a soulless soldier of Heaven.”
“No, thanks. I made a smoothie after my run earlier. Rowena was here yesterday wanting my help with the history of a spell. We started with all the usual searches, but, uh, she had to go and I thought I’d tackle these boxes. I doubt I’ll find anything useful, but I’ll give it a try.”
“Thanks again, Stevie. Can I show you out?”
“You’re not wrong there, but one can barely pick up a paper or tune in to the TV without knowing about the Rose family. You ended up in this little town? How’d that happen?”
He then sets everything to right in the room, glancing at the sleeping angel every ten seconds. No change is good, right?
Since Dean is technically on a mission and David is technically right about not caring about the fine art world, he’ll let this dig about his clothes go. The dude wears leather sweaters in summer —and he doesn’t ride a motorcycle as far as Dean remembers. What does he know?
He reaches down and skims his fingers along the edge of Cas’s boxers. He wants to touch Cas. He wants Cas to touch him. He skims his hand along the outline Cas’s cock and Cas chases his touch with a quick thrust. Dean’s head falls to the pillow beside him and he takes a moment. He pulls Cas’s boxers down, freeing him. Cas runs his hands up Dean’s ass and hooks his thumbs under his pants and boxers, pulling them down with one yank.
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean feels the tears pool, and he holds Cas’s coat just a little tighter. “I would do anything to take this back, anything! You gotta know that.”
“Uh, yeah. Maybe you guys can. I really want to check out the Schitt family farm, it’s  outside of the town —oddly enough, and that seems to be a deciding factor on who dies or doesn’t.”
Dean pauses. He squeezes Cas’s hand and reaches out with his other hand, grazing the trench coat’s arm as he reaches. Cas turns to him fully, listening more carefully.
Relieved, Sam gives Dean his location and Dean gets out of bed to help Cas. If it all goes well, they won’t be coming back.
Dean stares at Cas.
“Dean, it’ll be okay.” Cas cups Dean’s face with both of his paws to turn Dean’s head towards him. He touches their noses together and smiles slightly, shy almost. “This is a scary new adventure, but Jack will find a way to reunite our family.”
Dean grumbles and flips over to his other side.
“I’ll take your comment of ‘classy …joint’ as a compliment, but I’m not sure what you’re getting at.”
“I don’t think we can.” Cas’s voice is resigned.
He says those last words quieter, like he’s embarrassed for Cas to hear them.
Cas moves first, sending a warbling thrill down Dean’s spine, awakening butterflies that he never quite tampers, once born of nerves, now born of passion. Cas slides his hand up Dean’s chest, to his neck, eventually cupping his jaw. And his lips are on Dean’s, kissing him, slowly, mouths sliding together. He’s gentle, hesitant, but Dean senses a fire fiercely simmering and he deepens the kiss. He starts to turn, wanting to slide his arm under the trench coat, under the suit, under -- God, Cas needs less clothes like yesterday. He settles his hand on Cas’s neck instead while Cas shifts and moves his hand down to Dean’s side.
Cas makes his decision and continues to wrap the towel around his middle. He steps out of the tub, reaching for the pile of clothes sitting on a chair close to Dean.
“Sure, if you’re not busy spending quality time with your new husband.”
He pulls back after a bit, wrapping his arms around Dean’s shoulders. Dean’s arms are still around his waist and he feels Dean slide his palm under the back of his t-shirt, rubbing the small of his back. Their legs are tangled and they just sway a bit, staring at each other. Cas can’t get enough of moments like this. It took them so long to get here, and now he wants to live in these small moments with Dean forever.
“Dean.” He pulls him closer, seemingly impossible.
Recovering, but still eyeing Dean a little sideways, he answers. “Oh, I don’t know. Isn’t the Schitt family curse a little silly at this point? Although, Mutt did turn out the way he did, but that’s not my concern. And before he left, Roland said that it sounds like the Elmdale PD is handling it all, but wanted Terry to head over with his coroner’s van.”
Dean dusts the flour from his hands and grips Cas’s arm. The residual flour leaves stark white prints against the dark suit jacket.
Dean lowers Cas so he’s lying on the bed, his feet still off the edge. Dean keeps looking at Cas. He’s practically immobilized with fear right now. He snaps out of it enough to do what he can do —make Cas more comfortable.
“Lev-a-what?”
“This is about Cas, isn’t it? Dean, don’t think for a moment I don’t know what this is doing to you. We’ve been down this road before. We’ll find a way to get him back.” Sam’s reassurances are empty to Dean’s ears.
Dean does know. Dean knows there’s no better feeling sometimes than being in Baby on the open road. He also really likes his home, and knows that Cas thinks of the bunker as home now, too. He’ll be back once he works his wanderlust out of his system. His trips always seem to grow shorter and shorter every time.
“Then stop coddling me and let me be a part of the team. I’m an angel - and my skills are handy at times.”
“Whatever you want, Castiel.” He then places his hands on Cas’s head. There’s an energy that builds between them and where Jack’s hands touch Cas’s head, it starts to glow white and blue. Dean wonders what is happening. He wants to stop it —fears that Cas will disappear again. The glow stops and Jack lowers his hands. In one of them, he’s holding a clear vial, swirling with grace inside. It’s on a chain and he places it around his neck.
With a flash and a twisting tumble, Dean and Cas land, hand in hand, in their new world. They both lay stunned for a moment. Dean feels the soft ground beneath him —or maybe he just landed on his tail? The spell worked and they’re both alive, and that’s all Dean really cares about at the moment.
“You’re not ‘extra crap’ to me. You never have been. I worry.” Dean looks down his nose at Cas before continuing. “And before you tell me you can take care of yourself, I’m going to tell you that I’m still always going to worry. So truce?”
“I guess I’m only dead to you when my life isn’t in danger.”
The realization of everything he lost bubbles to the surface.
Cas, though, and he is a dorky little guy and he’s Dean’s best friend and god, his eyes are almost sparking blue right now. Dean wonders if it’s because his mojo is firing up, or if it’s just how the last of the afternoon sun hits his face.
“I have no control of the Empty. But that doesn’t mean I can’t access it. I can open a portal. Chuck could open a portal. He did that for Lucifer,” Jack explains.
At around 11 in the morning, they finally enter the outskirts of Schitt’s Creek, New York. Sam is still driving, and while Dean was resting earlier, he is awake enough now to see the sign on the edge of town.
“Ooh, an adventure. I want to come. Twy, what are we doing?”
"Stop. Damnit, Cas. Wait. Can I explain something to you? I just need to make something clear to you, and then...then you can go, if you want."
While he is engaging in this bristling conversation with David, Patrick had come back with the supplies and it looks like Cas is taking care of paying for the items.
Cas squeezes and rubs a tiny circle of reassurance with his thumb over Dean’s hand. His lips compress, and Dean has a sudden urge to kiss Cas, lay his lips on him and feel his breath on his, but quells the need. Now is not the time.
“My friend, he…he was more than that at one time. After him, I kind of shut that part of me down for a long while.” His face flames at the admission. Cas doesn’t react, but continues slicing the apples.
Dean eventually changes into more comfortable lounge pants and a t-shirt and sits down on the bed next to Cas. Easier to watch him, he tells himself. It’s getting late and Dean wants to stay awake in case something changes with Cas. He turns on the TV and flips through channels before settling on repeats of  M*A*S*H. It’s going to be a long night.
“More like keeping the town from prospering —keeping the people depressed and oblivious to how much better things could be,” Dean says.
Dean rolls his eyes at the obvious subject change.
“Yeah.”
Dean makes a dismissive note in his throat. “They’re ours. Yours, Sam’s, and mine. We’re a team.”
“I am, okay? I’m not going to get there overnight. He’s…he’s family.” A small voice whispers that he’s family because Cas is family, and he pushes it down. Jack is family, period.
“Umm, just passing through.”
There’s a silence after Jack’s words. Dean doesn’t look up but imagines Sam and Eileen gesturing to each other. There’s a movement and Sam settles into a chair opposite Dean at the table. He leans forward to look Dean in the eye.
“We’ve been over this, Cas. I thought— I thought we’ve moved beyond this?” Dean is so confused, and his heart aches for Cas.
Dean looks confused for a second before realizing Cas isn’t joking about the most recent iteration that Sam and Dean’s time break created, but rather, he means the old him, the one that met Dean and Bobby in a barn all those years ago, the one that rescued Dean from Hell on Heaven’s orders and was lost from the other angels for good.
“Okay, maybe it’s not our song, but it once came on the radio and I told you that I liked it. I’ve never told anybody but you that. I might think of you when I hear it now.”
Dean moves his hand further up to cradle his face, feel his pulse slowly beat just under his jaw. How many times have they danced to this song?
“Sam?” Cas asks.
“Yeah, Cas. Check out the name of this town,” Sam says, still chuckling.
Cas turns around at his name, adjusting his sleeves slightly.
“Oh, no problem. Why anyone thinks it’s a good idea to write about this little town is beyond me. It hasn’t changed in generations— well except when the Rose family arrived, I guess.”
It dawns on Dean that Cas isn’t worried, he’s relieved. That deep down he’s always felt that maybe life with him, life with humans would never be possible. Bridging the two worlds would tear him apart, not make him something better. Yet, seeing what he might have been without meeting Dean, made Cas know without a doubt that his current mission is true.
“Dean, look! A rift! It’s Jack, I know it. He must have found Sam and Eileen.”
“I think so. Good things do happen, Dean,” Cas says solemnly.
From his side Dean hears Cas mutter to himself. “I’m not weird.”
“Yes, my husband is deathly afraid of any multi-legged creature that scurries to dark corners.”
“Ah, no, no, that’s ok, buddy. Let’s just make a point to stop at a general store or something. This one horse town must have a Gas ’n Sip, at least.”
The altar is a large circular table draped in rich red cloth. It spans a large portion of the right side of the hayloft. There are candles scattered around the table and a large goblet centering it. There are sachets and pine cones and various bits of bark and piles of dirt also scattered across the altar.
It’s just enough distraction for the robed witch with the book to throw a final ingredient into the altar’s bowl, sending up a giant plume of green smoke. Dean and Sam both fire, killing him instantly. It’s too late though and there’s a thunderous noise, the wind picks up, and the floor starts to rumble under them.
Dean throws a dirty t-shirt at the door as Sam quickly shuts it behind him.
Jack stares at him, and nods.
Dean smiles and introduces himself.
“No, nope, dear, just some belts need replacing, maybe the fuel pump at most.”
He leans in and kisses Dean, soft, slow, and warm. Dean leans into the kiss, bringing their bodies flush, tightening his arm around Cas’s back. He opens his mouth slightly, deepening the kiss, but pulls back. This is just supposed to be a lazy morning wake up before Cas slips away. He leans his forehead against Cas’s and licks his lips, huffing, “The bunker’s going to be stirring soon.”
He stares at the dough in front of him. It’s flat with flecks of butter peppering the surface. It’s damn near perfect and ready to be placed in the pie pan.
Dean knows Cas doesn’t get words wrong, and his brain buzzes when he hears, “I love you, Dean. You are more to me than a protector for this family. You are more to me than a tool to save the world.”
He blinks one eye open, and then the other. The sky is a hazy gray and there’s a flock of birds jabbering and swirling in the distance. Their arrival didn’t go unnoticed. They have to move.
They all happily agree, and head to the kitchen together.
He starts to skirt around Dean when Dean holds his hand up and rests it on Cas’s arm.
Dean starts to pull away —to grab his phone that’s still vibrating.
“Cas, buddy, listen to me. We’ve got to figure out what happened tonight. Did you eat anything? Did you take anything from someone? Who all did you talk to? How much wine did you drink?”
“Cas, wait. What if it’s not them?”
“Looks like the party’s over, “ he says, listening to the last voicemail. “Sam’s found the coven’s hideout and he’s a little freaked out that I didn’t answer his calls.”
They take off for the bunker. At first, music from the radio fills the silence. Dean fiddles with the stations until Bob Seger’s soulful voice fills the interior of the car.
“I can’t believe you made me a playlist, man.”
The couple of other people milling about the desk disperse and Dean approaches.
This beach getaway was supposed to be a family affair --Dean, Sam, Cas, Jack, and Mary. And well, one excuse after another, the others begged off, an unspoken plan allowing Cas and Dean to spend time alone. He doesn’t want to think about that. He doesn’t want to think about anything --he shouldn’t have to. He’s earned some mindless, emotionless peace. The others will come in a couple days. He can build sandcastles with Jack, and ruin Sammy’s hair by dumping ocean water on him when he falls asleep sunbathing. But for now, it’s just Dean and Cas, and not another soul around.
Coming closer, sealing the gap between them, Dean leans his head against Cas’s, still staring at the light speckled sky.
Cas looks at Dean, puzzled but nods his assent. Dean figures he remembers —the angel wanted to kill Cas. How much pain was he in that the Rit Zien went after him to stop the pain? Dean thumbs at the water droplets on his glass. “This is long overdue, but I’m sorry about that time. I’m glad you’re home in the bunker with us now.”
, Dean thinks. And he has news.
He pulls his arm above his head, his bended elbow bumping Cas in the temple. Baby’s big enough for the both of them to fit comfortably but they’re close --close enough for Dean to feel Cas’s warmth, close enough for them to touch.
They had reached the barn by then and Dean pulls the car over. Rowena is waiting in the shadows and comes out when she sees the trio emerge.
“Right. It was dumb of me to ask.”
“Can you bring him back?”
“It wasn’t complete silence. The radio was on. And I can’t help it that Cas is a dumbass.” Leaving it at that, Dean continues, “you want breakfast? I’m starving and tired, and once my belly is full I plan on sleeping through an entire season of Game of Thrones.”
“Hello, Dean.”
A still very stunned Twyla is standing between the brothers. Dean looks over at her and puts his hand on her shoulder in comfort.
“What are we watching this for, Cas?” There’s a hint of panic in his voice, and he looks over at Cas imploring for an answer.
Thinking of the Rose family, he can’t quite conceptualize them in this one-horse town. He just prays their existence in this town isn’t tied to the case. Let these ridiculously rich --now poor, he reminds himself —people live in their little bubble of a world. Whatever malevolent entity that is in the town better not ruin one more tiny part of what made his life livable as a kid.
Just as Dean leaves his room to head for the kitchen, he hears noises further down in the bunker. More than likely, Cas has found Sam in the basement research room. Dean doesn’t want to see Cas right now, but he does want to see his brother and find out what he’s been up to while they were gone. He had stayed behind because all three of them didn’t need to be there for such a simple hunt. The hunter network was relying on the bunker lore more as well. Sam thought it best to stay behind when a group of hunters called needing more help than he had in his brain.
Dean drops his duffel in his room, grabs his bathroom gear, and heads to the showers. There’s no sign of Sam in the back hallways of the bunker, either. Once in the shower, Dean quickly dismisses his brother’s absence. As the hot water washes away the grime of the previous day, he replays the events in his head.
He flips the radio back on, ending their conversation. He drives them home.
He steels himself then, and pulls Dean away from him. His hands grip Dean’s shoulders. He looks into his sad, green eyes. He sees a lifetime of sorrow. He wants to pull him close again —never let him go.
Dean’s grin widens and the tip of his tongue sticks out just beyond his teeth as he stands.
They head up the stairs, one at a time, with Dean going first and Sam on his six. Dean’s wishing they had time to read the book a little more so Twyla wouldn’t have to be here, but if all goes well, she’ll just get a nice view of what hunters do on the regular. Sam covers Dean as they open the door. It’s quiet, but still obvious enough for the group of people in the hayloft. The brothers are fast enough though to have their guns ready and on mark as several hooded people turn on them.
Thoughts of joint showers flood Dean’s mind before Cas holds up two fingers towards Dean’s forehead. Oh, he’s going to mojo him clean. Right.
“Protecting is a funny word for ritualistically killing people.” Dean looks over at Cas for a second, giving him a silent look of concern.
Dean slumps back into his chair and fiddles with his glass. He wants to tell Sam, but what’s the point? They’re free and Sam has the rest of his life to be happy with Eileen. He doesn’t need the burden of Dean’s regrets weighing on him.
“Uh, yeah. How did you know his name?”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean. I’m Alexis, Twyla’s best friend. Are you and Sam here new to town?”
Cas gets up then and walks over to Dean. Dean’s back is to him again, facing the counter in the kitchenette. Cas doesn’t hesitate and wraps his arms around Dean. He holds him tight for a second before he starts to feel Dean pull away. He has a moment of panic that he’s pushed too far — he’s asked for too much. Dean just turns into the hug though, wrapping his arms around Cas, pulling him tight. He rests his chin on Cas’s shoulder.
“You were right when you said we were real. I know you meant what we’ve all been through, but you’re it for me, you know.”
Dean knows Cas is still mad --mad at him, or the hunt, or whatever. He can feel the anger radiate off him, permeating the thin layer of space between them. That space protects them from each other, impeding any progress of moving beyond the day’s events. The silent argument on the ride home did nothing to rectify the situation. Sam, injured and resting in the backseat of the Impala, hopefully missed the tense atmosphere in the front. Once at the bunker, the sharp words and deathly glares were harder to miss and Sam headed to his room leaving Dean and Cas to stew alone...together.
“I’m Dean.” He holds out his hand.
He slides his leg over, entangling it with Cas’s.
“Morning, Sunshine,” Dean mumbles. Lying on his stomach, he shifts his head to see Cas’s profile. Cas is lying on his back, staring at the ceiling. He grins faintly at Dean’s words. Words, once said in irony, have become a soft morning greeting between them.
“That was real.”
“They do seem to find kissing enjoyable.”
The ground shifts once more.
“Does this mean that the ghosts haunting the town are real then too?”
“What do you mean?” Dean asks.
“Likewise, Beyonce.”
"Thank you, Dean." Cas smiles warmly. Dean realizes that they're staring again.
, Dean thinks.
“Maybe it’s like Temple of Doom. You know, the Thuggee cult was real —nothing like the movie, but a band of Kali worshipers that killed travelers for their god.”
“Hey, man, are you ok?”
Dean gathers his thoughts and breathes deeply through his nose. He really has no clue how to save them, but watching this painful memory play out, it becomes less important than making it clear to Cas what he means to Dean, what he’s always meant to Dean. He grabs Cas’s hand loosely and tugs.
“I panicked,” Dean blurts out, opening his eyes again. Cas stares at him with a solemn face, hands tucked under his pillow. He watches Cas compress his lips, a silent dismissal of Dean’s excuse.
Dean watches as Johnny and Moira Rose approach them and greet Cas. Johnny raises a glass in a toast and Cas hesitantly mimics him with his glass and downs the liquid. Dean wonders where the other glass went and why he doesn’t have one in his own hand yet. He also wonders why Ray is still talking.
“Hey.” Dean cards his hand though Cas’s hair, fingers lightly threading the soft curls behind his ear. “I don’t know what that --that thing --was, but he was not you.”
“And that’s the beauty of the cover —they don’t know and we have the upper hand for now. Listen, whatever we’re dealing with goes way back —back to Salem or further and it’s been working its power here for a very long time --probably since the town was founded-- if the papers have any say in the matter. I see why the Men of Letters had the papers now. I’m heading out. So, uh, contact Rowena and grab a bite to eat, and I guess, uh, will keep checking out the town?”
Cas glowers at Dean and he drops his hand. Clearly, Cas has this under control.
Cas looks fondly at Dean and puts his hands in his coat pockets turning to start walking to the passenger side of the Impala. He stops and pulls something out from one of his pockets.
Cas cocks his head a fraction and raises his eyebrow, before murmuring, “Is that real enough for you?”
“It’s too hot for this,” Dean mutters, but makes no move to change their closeness. He’s beyond the panic --they’re beyond the silly, endless dance they once stepped to. Dean’s grumbles are an echo of past bravado, a reminder of how far they’ve come.
“So, what, Cas and me are just two dudes going on vacation together? To the honeymoon capital?” Dean swallows thickly, thoughts of sharing a motel room with Cas flooding back.
“Hi, Bob. I take it this is your place of business?” The question comes out a little gruff and Dean realizes that he isn’t coming off as his most charming  self. He clears his throat.
Dean rolls his eyes at that. He huffs and brings his hands to cradle Cas’s shoulders.
"I think you know I've always enjoyed our time together, Dean. You have helped me change and grow in ways that I will marvel at for the rest of my days. I know this was a big step for you."
“I think that might be the dumbest thing you’ve ever said, Sam.”
“How do we stop this?”
? God. Patrick and David didn’t think open affection was that big of a deal. Dean gulps thinking about stepping up their cover.
“And I added a permanence spell, banishing her forever,” Rowena adds.
Rowena lowers her voice for the rest of the conversation, which isn’t long. Sam gets off the phone and indicates they need to leave.
“Hey, what in houses of the holy hell is going on?” Dean barks above the music.
Dean glances sideways at Jack on occasion along the way. He’s still Jack, but very, very different. He’s still their kid who learned how to blow bubbles just two weeks ago. But he’s God. A sense of unease slowly creeps into Dean’s thoughts the longer they drive. Eventually he shifts in his seat and flips the radio off. He glances at Jack and frowns slightly. He needs to clear the air.
“How do you mean ‘nice’?”
He squeezes Dean’s hand and they stare at each other a bit. They aren’t done figuring things out, not by a long shot, but Dean is willing to set aside his worry for a bit, and Cas, hopefully, feels more like he’s part of the team. Dean releases his hand from Cas and brings it up to briefly cup Cas’s jaw, slightly grazing the perpetual peach fuzz. It’s good for the show they’re putting on, after all. A smaller feeling pulsing just under his ribcage thinks there’s more to it than just show, but he tamps down that thought.
“Dean.”
He grabs Cas’s shoulder as they walk and says, “Buddy, your sense of humor is only good for a very select audience.”
“You two are the newlyweds passing through town? Johnny phoned over that you’d be stopping by. If you want to stick around a few minutes, you’ll be able to meet the tour guide, Ray.”
They’re in their respective corners of the motel room. Cas watches Dean rifle through his duffel for the tenth time, moving his extra shirts from one pile to another, over and over again. He watches his shoulders, tense, and his motions, deliberate and dismissive. He wonders why Dean lets him stay, but knows deep down that he does because Cas is a useful tool.
“You did. The sun in this godforsaken room is too bright.” Dean burrows closer to Cas, nestling his head in the darkness between the pillow and Cas’s neck.
“It’s so much like...” Cas looks back at Dean in awe, a slight smile on his face.
Dean hadn’t thought about Jack bringing Mary back. A sharp pain stabs him, and tears prickle the corners of his eyes. He knows what Amara did now, and while he’s yet to have any time to process things, Jack is right. Dean aches with the knowledge.
to me. I don’t want to live without you.”
He looks over at Cas and stares at their entwined fingers. He squeezes Cas’s small brown paw and Cas stirs.
Cas grimaces, but answers, “I’m fine. I just wish I had been here to help with the wood nymph. I would have seen her true form and realized instantly what we were dealing with.”
“Hey, buddy. I’ve got the parts ordered. Maybe it’s, uh, time to go?” Dean peeks at Cas sideways, expectantly. Whatever Cas is asking about can’t make any sense to the townsfolk.
Dean glances at Cas, who is staring forward but moves to look back at him.
“I can’t trust this anymore, man,” Dean finally confesses.
No answer. The bunker is quiet, aside from the usual thrum of machines. Dean starts to call for his brother again when they reach the war room.
Dean is shocked silent, and stares at Cas.
“Dean, look, an apothecary. Aside from general medicinal needs, they might stock your bathroom necessities that you need to replace.”
His phone must have been on silent because there are a series of texts from Sam giving him updates on what he’s found so far. As it turns out, Sam already explored Elmdale’s library and had made his way to Schitt’s Creek, and its little library.  He’s made himself at home there. He had missing newspapers help fill in the gaps of the pattern of deaths, and they all seem to have happened on the outskirts of Schitt’s Creek.
