Natasha has no idea what’s wrong with her but she wants to be Pepper’s friend now. so. badly.
“You don’t have to listen to bossman over there if you don’t want to Dr Banner,” Tony sighs fondly, before adding, “But seriously, I would go Loki all the way, he seems like the fashionable, sassy one with brains, and I like that.”
A few weeks after the return from Afghanistan. After Obie’s betrayal. Obie’s death. Tony Stark realized that something was very wrong with the arc reactor.
“Both are gorgeous.” Tony muses, “I do like the muscles on Thor but there’s something about the image of being pinned down by Loki, god of Chaos, that makes me weak.”
They would have been better as one person. Two halves so dependent on each other that they were visibly worse off without their counterpart to ground them. So Anton taught Tony how to lie, how to own the room and how to make it till you break it, he taught him to fake confidence, to bluster and to roll the insults off his skin like water. And in turn Tony taught Anton how he made his circuit board when he was four and his first engine when he was six, he taught him how to draw blueprints properly, how to tell a piece of code from a piece of garbage and how to step down when you go too far.
"No. I see," Tony says icily, "Because I'm the twin with no personality, there's just no way anyone would actually want to be friends with me except to grab what's in my wallet." He laughs bitterly, "Oh wait, I forgot I'm also the smart one too- can't forget about that. People could want me for my brain too if I'm lucky enough."
“You’re only older by like, a minute and a half!”
He furrowed his brows, confused, "Um, well that's all very nice and all but I'm not Ironman."
He's going to be Ironman.
Okay, heads up- no fucking idea what I'm doing here. Just... no idea.
"I am not going to- hey what the fuck Rhodey, give it back!"
Nick Fury was the one who suspected there might be issues with the reactor.
"Okay, hold up," Rhodey says for the nth time. Pepper looks close to stabbing everyone with her heels. "I get that Tony wants to, uh, stop being Tony. I mean, I don't actually get it but Tony promised to explain that mess to me later."
to make sure. Faking your death was a cliche but a good one. Tony knows firsthand of it. He finds the Russian, struggling but alive.
Anton did
"Gee, thanks for the confidence bro." Tony deadpanned but his dry wit was ruined by the wet tears running down his face.
Either way, I do hope you enjoy the chapter nonetheless.
"No. No fuck you," Tony stands up from the table furiously, "I- I can't even look at you right now you asshole. I need to go check on Rhodey and see if I can salvage back my first ever real friend and then maybe we'll talk."
“Chinese.  Same as last time,” Steve said.  “When you…stopped by.”  Which was as nice a way of putting it as Tony could probably hope for, he supposed.  “It’s cheap and good.  Family who runs it is real nice.  I help around the restaurant sometimes.  Just odds and ends, but with their daughter away at college—she’s crazy smart, like you—they need a hand every now and then.  The grandma, she makes the best dumplings in the city, so. Works out.”
“And then I ruined you for all others,” Tony finished for him.
“Yes,” Steve responded.  “It was a standing request from Lord Hammer, I believe.”
“I jumped on a grenade in Basic,” Steve replied with a shrug.
“Those years...it’s awful to say, isn’t it?  But, they were the best of my life.  Iron Man, he--you, God, that’s--I can’t believe it, but I--yes. Yes, it makes sense, doesn’t it?  In a strange way, it makes sense, I suppose,” Steve nodded, mouth twisting over his gums as he clucked his tongue. “Ayuh, it does.  Maybe some part of me even knew it then.  And I--I loved Peggy, too, mind you.  I did, best as I knew how, anyway, and Angie and the kids.  I loved them all, especially Lizzie.  Have you seen her?  She’s something else.  A lot like Peggy, she is. It was a good life.  A great life, when you get down to it.  But, you--I--Iron Man--”
“You’re in pain,” Tony responded carefully after a long pause, each word stunted with all the things Tony wanted to ask and didn’t really want to know.
That was the first thing that fully registered.  He was calm. The past few days had been a cacophony of upheaval tinged with a loss so profound, the Heat had been something of a welcome distraction.  That, at least, was something he could deal with, however unpleasant the task might be.  The rest of this…the rest of this was so full of wrongness, it was like when his mind tried to grasp onto what had happened, it refused and just skipped right over it to focus on the food tasting different or the phones being the size of your palm and apparently used to avoid talking to people now.
So, he wasn’t sure what had kept him blowing through one schematic after the other this morning.   There was a part of him that almost relished the idea of showing up in Steve’s shitty apartment.  Showing up and showing off.  Let Steve see, up close and personal-like, what he could’ve had.  By any calculus you wanted to use, Tony was winning at life.  Petty, sure.  He wasn’t above admitting it.
“Under arrest and confined to his chambers while the inquiry is going on, though he denies everything, and what proof is there?” Cam asked, the air seeming to go out of his body as he flopped back against the chair and tosses the sugar-covered fried dough roll back onto the platter that sat between them.  He always went for the sweets first, not that Steve minded.  It was hard sometimes, in all of this, to remember that he was only twelve, barely out of childhood to have seen and endured so much. “Slaves cannot give testimony, and with Zola gone, there is no one to name him a liar.”
He hadn’t understood, of course he hadn’t, because it was the missing limb, the dark of blindness, the silence of deafness. The utter absence of knowledge of what it meant to have the certainty that Pepper and everyone else took as rote.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, mouth twisting.  It was the same message as the thirty or so before it.  He’d texted Brock last night that he was okay, and it had sat on read with no reply until this morning, but now, Brock was antsy to know where he was and when he was coming back. “I’m telling him that I’ll meet him back at the apartment after he gets home from work and that we need to talk,” Steve said, glancing up.  “Think that sounds okay?”
“Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about that, too. Look, Steve, I was an ass,” Tony started, sounding oddly guilty to Steve’s ears.  Steve started to say something in reply, to try to explain about Sam and the non-coffee-coffee, but then something bumped at his knee rather insistently and he looked down to find DUM-E poking his metal arm at him holding a wadded up piece of paper or magazine or something.
“Why?” Steve asked.
that every time he ends up on the mat, it is only because I am King and not my combat prowess,” Tony said in a tone laced with amusement.  Steve was in the middle of a drink and nearly choked on his wine. He shot Tony a withering look, which Tony returned with a raised eyebrow and a pleased smile. “Some other time, perhaps,” Tony offered, then changed the subject to something to do with the guilds that let Steve’s mind wander back to the various training sessions he and Tony had since the day he fought Rhodes and his men.  It was fair to say that a number of them ended with Steve on the training mat, though not the way Lord Rand was probably imagining, Steve remembered with a flush of heat.
Steve carefully balanced the tray with one hand and typed his code into the workshop door with the other.  “Hey, Tony,” he announced as he entered.  Tony jumped and swiped whatever he was looking at on the computer screen down, out of view.
A couple more days, and he’d come clean about everything.  He could only hope that it would be a little easier for Steve to swallow hearing Tony’s role in the whole thing when Obie and the rest of Team Orange is the New Black were behind bars.
Tony sucked in a breath and looked up at Steve in shock.  Relief or—no, something else.  Something more steadfast and solid than simple relief rushed through him.  It felt like certainty.  It felt like an answer, the thing on the other side of the equation.  It was how he felt when he knew the things he built would work.
Steve looked at him with a frown, then his face split into a smile. “Of course, you have a stash of things you’re not supposed to have.  What did you make that’s so bad?”
for them,
“I need you,” Tony said, voice soft and urgent.  “Not to save the world or fight armies from space or whatever’s penciled in for Tuesday night.  I need you.  Every day.  Every minute.  I need you.”
“So, what’d you do at work today?” Tony asked, clearly trying to make conversation.
The clock told him it was somewhere past eleven, which meant he had slept through breakfast again.  A pang of regret accompanied that thought, making him rub a fist against the center of his chest.  Breakfast with Steve sitting across the table from him, reading the morning paper while Tony scanned the headlines on his tablet had become something of a routine.
“Any news on that…Batroc and these phone specs you gave him?” Steve asked.
“What—why—those things they said—“ Steve stuttered, turning and pointing at the crowd of news people outside the limo.
“Please,” Steve gasped at the burning fullness.  He reached down to grasp his cock, only to have Tony knock his hand away with a sharp growl of warning.  Steve tossed his head to the side, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment, then looked back up at Tony.  His head was thrown back, exposing the pale column of his throat in the candlelight.  The blue jewel, if that’s what it was, bobbed on his chest as he pushed his fingers in and out of Steve. His eyes were closed.  His face was rapturous. This is my blood, and you shall drink of me and be transformed, Steve thought, though he was sure he would be damned for such blasphemy if he hadn’t already suffered such a fate.
Tony seemed to always know what he wanted, what he needed, even when Steve didn’t, and for now, that was oddly comforting, to just put himself in Tony’s hands.  There was always so much to think about.  So many decisions to make. So many responsibilities to bear. But, not this, he remembered thinking as he stood in Tony’s bedchamber with Tony supporting him on legs that felt like they were made of jelly. This could be Tony’s.  As soon as he thought it, his body seemed to agree.  His muscles loosened, and he slumped a little against Tony, earning a soft grunt.
“Holy shit!” Tony shouted at the same time as he groped at the towel around his waist and promptly slammed the door in Steve’s startled face. Well. His plan of pleasing his Alpha was off to a fabulous start.
“I told you, I looked into all that.  There is nothing, zero, nada, that links this judge guy to SI back when all that went down.  He didn’t join the sub’s Board until after he retired from the bench, and that’s the first contact he has with SI.  If I couldn’t find it, it isn’t there, I’m telling you,” Tony assured her.
“Wood floors,” Tony added.  “An HOA.”
turned him in for hacking into the system and changing his grades, but Daddy got him into Cal-Tech, I hear,” Tony muttered through his teeth.  “So, punching is really more a West Coast thing. Sorry, Sugarbear, you know I love it when you defend my ever-so-slightly besmirched honor.”
“Did he though?” Tony mused.
“Because not having one has worked out so well for you so far?” Tony pressed.  “Look, he’s probably just going to be sitting there in silent judgment. I mean, he could be asleep behind those glasses. We’d never know.”
“Hey, look, if you didn’t want to hear the stories, you didn’t have to come along,” Tony chided lightly. “You could’ve stayed back at the Castle, all comfortable in your bed while your King rode off to a plague-infested town to find some guy who once tried to kill him.  I’m sure no one would judge you,” Tony assured him with a small smile that Steve wondered if everyone else could tell was strained.  The closer they got to Brookland, the more forced the joviality seemed to be, like Tony was trying to keep everything else at bay until the last possible moment, but cracks had started to form, and they could all feel it, each of them going a little rough at the edges as they grew nearer.
“Gotta say, doesn’t sound like a particularly great time,” Tony observed, tipping his head back and squinting up at the sun from behind his sun glasses as he slowed to a halt on the sidewalk in front of a street billboard that promised the best slots in town, though no actual slot machines were pictured next to the scantily clad woman holding a bag of casino chips. Ah, Vegas. Stay classy.
Across from him, Steve shifted a bit in his seat, peeking over the top of the menu at Tony for a flash of a second before looking back down again.  Steve had been oddly quiet and fidgety since they left the hotel, truth be told, not that Tony could exactly blame him. They’d both been tip-toeing around each other like any conversation was full of trap doors or jump-scares where things like insecurity-driven one night stands or accidentally arming terrorists could just pop out with one wrong step, Tony thought with a jittery sort of nervousness coursing under his skin.  Rhodey had said to wait until all this was over, then spill the beans on the whole weapons thing and how it connected to Steve and what happened in Gulmira with his unit.  That seemed like a good, solid, well-thought-out and prudent plan, right up until Tony fell deeply in like with the flower-drawing, ex-soldier-slash-occasional stripper.
“Please,” Steve replied, rubbing his hands up and down along his thighs.
“Fine,” Steve said.  I think your godson is dead, he thought.  “Just ready to get this done.”
“Yankees lost,” Bruce said helpfully.
“Together,” Tony replied.  “Ancient proverb,” Tony quipped, belying the joke by running a gentle hand through Steve’s hair, eyes narrowed and focused, the same look he got when he was figuring out something wonky with one of the suits.
would know, and really, that was what mattered in the end.  Maybe he could sleep at night now.  Get Tony out of his head.  That was probably reaching, he could admit, given his lack of success so far, but at least this was some kind of closure.
His nose and mouth were covered by a molded plastic oxygen mask that ran to machine making the pumping noise.  Wires and tubes piped out of him to various machines and bags hung on a metal pole next to the table.  Large twin booms hung from the ceiling with lights on the end, pointing down, illuminating Steve in a strangely soft halo.  The only bright point in the room.  The only bright point, Tony mentally repeated, letting the thought clang around in his head while his mind tried to take in what his eyes were seeing.
So, if Sunset Bain is not at all like she is in the comics, in my defense, I only know her from fic.  So blame other people!
“Steve, gods, Steve, none of that—
“Says the soldier,” Tony remarked, eyeing Steve as he sat the metal cylinder he had been working on down, picked up the hot iron with one of the pincers and dunked it in a nearby bucket of cold water, sending a hiss of steam into the air.  He leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms over his chest and regarded Steve with a keen interest.  “You don’t speak of it.  The war you fought.”
“What?” Steve said, drawing back in surprise.  “What do you mean I don’t want you? Why would you—why would you think that?  You said you were happy here, this was your place, your family—you said you had an Alpha and were going to be mated, so I kept my distance, yes, but how could you think I didn’t want you?  You’re…Tony, you’re
“You’d really let me…I mean, you’d be okay with…all that?  Your Omega.  Building weapons.  You’d just be all--all fine with that,” Tony asked with a snort of disbelief.
“Of course I hacked his phone.  You think I’m going to bring this guy into all this and not find out if he’s got a bookie or crazy ex or, God forbid, one of those Farmville things where he’s going to send me messages about his fake crops?  I think we all agree, everyone has a dealbreaker, and updates about your pretend corn—come on,” Tony said.  “I had JARVIS take a download of all the data—search history, phone records, messages, all that.”
“It is using you, Tony. And I’m sorry you either can’t see that or can’t see what’s wrong with that,” Steve responded, voice tight, almost angry. “I wish I could meet the person who convinced you of that. I think I’d like to have a discussion with them.”
“You need to put your head under the water,” Tony finished.
on Steve. The easy, familiar way Stane handled Tony, the look of adoration on Tony’s round, red-cheeked face as he looked up at the man, the obvious closeness and trust, all of it built on a lie.  Steve shifted, making the bed’s thin springs creak and groan, and felt his chest tighten. For a second, the image of Tony on the cold ground, arms raised protectively over his head, flashed to the front of Steve’s mind, and for the first time, he thought he understood the lack of surprise on Tony’s face in that moment, and that was…he didn’t know what that was.
No.  Not a single star.
“Walking in on you two in the middle of something had the difficulty level of shooting fish in a barrel,” Barnes retorted.  “Don’t you have a meeting?”
He wasn’t sure how long the limo ride lasted.  It felt long, but his own jumbled thoughts didn’t really lend themselves to paying close attention to detail at the moment.  The limo slowed in front of a large security gate, which slowly opened in front of it.  A long, winding driveway followed to a circular drive in front of what was a house only because it fit in that general category.  Steve forgot his apprehension for a moment and simply took in the sight.  His artist’s eye roved over the undulating form and curvature of the structure, the way it hugged the cliff, giving panoramic views of the ocean below from nearly every angle.  He imagined the morning light must be amazing.  He was pretty sure his mouth must have gaped open and hung there, catching flies his mom would have said.  “Wow,” he said, which about summed it up.
“Oh, don’t with the…I know what you’re doing.  I’m not…everything’s
“See, Steve?  Either way, I win.  I always win,” Brock grinned at him, a horrible rictus of teeth and seething hatred.  “So what’s it gonna be, Rogers?” Brock pressed. “You want this all to go away or you want it to get real, real ugly?”
“I dressed up as you for two Halloweens,” Rhodey said, shaking his head at Steve.  “Two.”
Bucky’s grin widened.  “You dog,” he said with a laugh, shaking his head.
Steve smiled flatly at him, and glanced away, though not before catching the waitress shooting a  look between him and Brock that Steve couldn’t place, before she left to get their drinks.
“Tony Omega. Steve Alpha.  Alpha need Omega. Alpha signal,” Anto explained.
A loud click.  Then another a moment later. Steve grunted, hand convulsing a bit.  Tony moved his hand down and clasped his own in Steve’s.  The fingers of Steve’s hand clenched around Tony’s the second he did.  Not tight enough to hurt, but hard.  Strong.  Hands that could flip a car, but wanted—needed—Tony to hold onto.
“You and Ms. Potts…” Steve said, letting it trail off into a question.  “Are you two…”
“That’s Gucci,” the man snapped, as if that meant the same as ‘no touching.’
“But, if there were an energy source.  Say…say there were.  Something powerful that could…channel this energy…could it work?” Steve pressed, something shifting behind his eyes, making Tony pause at the sudden change of tone from curiosity to something deeper, something more urgent that rattled Tony for a bit. Why did Steve suddenly care about this kind of thing?  Where in the world was this coming from? Tony had thought it was about him, testing him, maybe, some weird Are You Smarter Than Your Omega Was In Fifth Grade thing, which, no, probably not, but this was clearly about Steve, which was…weird.  “Do you think—something like that, something that could do that—what else could it do?”
“Rhodey, now really isn’t a good time for—“ Tony started.
“You don’t think the red’s a bit much?” Tony asked, mouth relaxing into a wide grin.
Steve tapped at the box on the otherwise blank screen and handed the tablet back to the man at the desk.
“Mr. Stane, I don’t imagine there are any conditions under which a scared bully like you would be half the man Tony Stark is on his worst day,” Steve said, intending to leave it at that and find Tony, because damn if he was going to let the man have the last word.  He wasn’t sure if it was the shock of it or the impact of the back of Stane’s hand against his mouth that caused him to stagger back, knocking into a side table and spilling the ashtray of cigar detritus all over the Turkish rug.
“Her niece called again,” Coulson said, the lightness of his tone gone now, replaced with something that sounded like an apology.
“So,” Steve said after a few moments of silence where they ate, probably to give themselves something to do that wasn’t talking.  “Besides the whole superhero benefactor, genius inventor thing, what do you like to do for fun?”
“You shouldn’t be here,” Steve told him, schooling his features.
“Um, I copy,” a voice boomed back, starling him.  Tony dropped the radio like it was on fire, then blinked at it in a combination of stunned amazement and horror.  “You, ah…you still there?  Over.”
“It’s Carl, actually, Mr. Stark,” Estes replied with an awkward frown.
“Now,” Tony said, holding out a long strip of red silk embroidered with gold threads.  He held it in front of Steve until Steve gave a small nod, then placed it gently over Steve’s eyes and tied it behind his head.  “You need not do anything.  You need not think, or speak, or see, only feel.  Only me, and this, that is all that matters for tonight.  You will be good for me, and I will take care of you.”
I do this to him, Steve thought with a heady surge of pride.  No one else.  He will have none but me.  He promised.
Dammit.  Now, the idea was becoming entrenched in Steve’s head, and fuck it all, the man could be intractably stubborn. Somehow, this was all going to be Tony’s fault when it blew up in his face one of these days.  A box of ballots would spill out onto the roadway right in front of SHIELD where they are found by a passing van of reporters with handheld scanners, who stop at a gas station to call it in, whereupon a seagull lands next to their van with the corresponding voter list key in his beak.  Or something.  It could happen.
The sketch of Maria flashed in Tony’s mind.  Forty minutes spent arguing about the merits of incrementalism versus the kind of sweeping, New Deal-esque changes Steve favored over hamburgers and potato salad that had too much mayonnaise.  The little bottle of pills that gave Tony a modicum of freedom and control.  The way Steve glanced away when Tony typed the security code into the garage door.
Looking out the window at the view gave Steve something to do that didn’t involve looking at Tony, which was good, though his stomach steadfastly refused to un-knot itself, and he had to resist the urge to wipe his palms on what must be very expensive pants.  He could feel Tony’s eyes on him, though, like a warm weight pricking at his skin.
Like Steve, he was dressed in a voluminous flowing outer-gown over wide-legged pants and sturdy leather-soled boots. He also wore a headscarf much like Steve’s, and though it could be wrapped around to cover his nose and mouth in case of a dust storm, at the moment the long tail of the scarf hung loosely over Cam’s shoulder while he pointed out the changing terrain or the way the bells woven into the camel’s coat tinkered as it walked.
“Hey, who’s more your type tincan, Loki or Thor?” Anton asks gamely while he works alongside Bruce. Tony, inside the Ironman armor, crosses his arms and hums while his mind whirs as he takes in the data spread out on his helmet screen.
but-“
Tony can't look at his brother's eyes and it hurts. For both of them. Afghanistan has broken them but what's the most unforgivable thing is that they weren't broken the same way. They are shattered mirrors with different cracks and it's like they can no longer look at each other and see their own faces anymore. Tony and Anton had always had contrasts but now it felt like they were completely separate colors. There's an armor that separates the two and that armor is Ironman.
Well, that's not entirely true. Coffee was probably the best thing to happened to the twins. And Jarvis. And Rhodey- though that was debatable for Anton. But Pepper was definitely up there.
“Alright, Agent Agent Phil Coulson,” Anton smiles charmingly, “You have two minutes to tell me what you want before I kindly ask you to leave the premises immediately.”
Still, while he watches the steady breathing on his twin’s face, the dark bags under his eyes, the faint track of tears on his cheeks, he takes the time to mourn their lives lost.
"And I couldn't be myself because everyone knows I'm a genius, but I'm about a level and a half lower than Tony." Anton adds, "It would be much more convincing if it was Tony designing the armor instead of me."
The public loved the whole together thing. The concept of rich genius playboy twins never seemed to grow old, and there was barely a photograph in any media that had the two by themselves. Anton, the Merchant of Death and his brother Tony, his Scythe Maker by his side. The offense and the defense. Always together, never apart.
"We can do good things too," Anton replies angrily, "Billionaire playboy philanthropists, remember?!"
Ironman tilted his head, pretending to check the man out, "Sculpted is right." He jeered provokingly, "No fat, only bone is what I see sir."
“Mr Stark without the suit is more than
certainly can’t.”
They were gourmets, it was hard not to be growing up rich like they did. They have tried
Captain America was a Grade A asshole.
The doors to the workshop close with a soft 'snick' sound and they wait a minute or so before talking.
He dumped Anton, which was just as well because Anton was thinking about dumping him at the time anyway, already growing bored and wanting to move on to prettier things. It seemed altogether rather amiable. Justin even looked regretful about it, but Anton and Tony barely looked back. To Anton they could still be friends, he’s good with keeping things casual. To Tony... Tony didn’t notice. He had more important things on his mind than his brother’s ex.
Hair pulled back, buttons all done up but colors soft and pastel, she looks good. Natasha packs make up and small weaponry disguised as makeup, her favorite blade, and an emergency communication device if anything goes south. She had been ready for anything.
"Is- is that a reference?" Tony asks, "Because I'm kind of hoping this is the one reference I didn't get, instead of the fact that clearly you've finally gotten a crippling addiction by watching too many soap operas on your laptop."
Anton wonders how many times Tony must suffer? How many times must Anton watch his brother hurt? How many times until the Stark brothers stop drowning in their sins?
Tony wakes up.
“I did not-“
“Look I don’t have time for- I have Loki in my sights, will reach in three minutes,” Tony, reports.
In this universe, Tony teaches Anton to create another arc reactor, because Tony always teaches Anton whenever he learns something new, and that is the reactor they use when Tony suits up to fight Stane.
So when Anton got a text from Tony (
"Thank you Ginseng." Tony replied quietly.
“Just try.”
And Tony had been
Tony was.. well 'not happy' was an understatement but it was all he could come up with as he finds himself stuck in a harsh cycle of building for terrorists, secretly building a way out, building a rapport with Yinsen and getting water boarded. Not that anyone else was faring much better. Anton, while not as fast as he, had a way with things that go boom, so both Starks had found themselves with possibly an even tighter deadline than if only one of them was useful. Maybe. Believe it or not but terrorists were kind of dicks.
For the record, Tony would fuck the hell out of Thor and marry the fuck out of Loki.
Hammer is murdered by Anton’s.
“Sir-“ JARVIS begins, but Tony already knows what he was about to say.
“Can’t get a clear visual, Captain America-“ Tony makes a very short, high pitched and very unmanly sound that only fanboys and girls can achieve, “is blocking the view.”
But when Justin immediately sought after Tony, only a scant two weeks after the breakup, then that became a problem. Not a big problem mind. Just an inconvenient one.
“Are you going to take us to SHIELD Ms. Rushman?” Pepper says coolly and with a raise of her perfectly plucked eyebrow she adds, “Or is it Romanov?”
The redhead shook her head, "Stark, I won't tell anyone if you're not ready, but don't even try that bullshit on me." She turns on the sad, serious eyes on him. He wouldn't call them puppy dog eyes, per say, too dangerous to describe someone like her, more like the eyes of a betrayed knife-wielding ninja cat. Yeah, let's go with that.
They didn't speak for half year. It was like torture. But pride was a terrible thing.
"Tony would become more productive now that he has more time in the lab," Anton adds, "and we've agreed we won't completely shut down our weapons industry." He looks at his twin who stares back solemnly. They've fought about this, Tony being more insistent on shutting everything down altogether, but Anton knew how the public, their stockholders, would react if they quit cold turkey. So they compromised, "Instead we'll just focus on non-lethal products like body armor, and stun guns etcetera, while also branching further into clean energy, biotechnology, medicine."
“Huh. Well whaddaya know,” Anton drawls as a SHIELD agent comes up from the elevator, Tony has texted him the breach just a few seconds ago so Anton was sufficiently prepared, “If it isn’t the Agents who thought they could, no wait, the Agents of the legless round table, fuck,”
"All hope is lost." The older twin despaired.
But when Tony Stark, sole Stark survivor of Afghanistan began to show up for debate tournaments, throwing parties and bringing along Ironman, the public cried.
“Um.” Dr Banner says uncomfortably, “Are you guys always like this?”
“You both are, my greatest creations.”
playing the part of Natalie Rushman. Who also respected the hell out of her. Like. A lot.
"I can't have friends but you can, is that it?!" He had shouted when Rhodey had left early.
Tony as Ironman and Rhodey as War machine had chased him down to Hammer’s factory. They fight. They win. Vanko seemingly commits suicide by an explosion, but Tony remembers the way Anton was hurt from the man’s attacks, burnt flesh from the electric whip still marking his skin, and he knows he
“Um, I think I would have sex with Loki, date Ironman, marry Thor.” Banner decides finally with a decisive nod, before blinking and amending with, “Actually, date Thor, marry Ironman. I don’t think I could take the pressure of being part of alien warrior royalty.”
Tony was the thinker. The planner. He crunches the numbers and correlates and extrapolates. In Tony’s head, he has plans upon plans, backups upon backups, failsafes upon failsafes.
“Really?” Tony sarcastically replies as he diverges slightly from his brother to head to the given coordinates for the commotion happening in Germany. “I didn’t realize, thank you for clarifying this to me for the fiftieth time.”
"Think about it Pep," Anton wheedles, "Sure the plan is a little convoluted," Pepper snorts, "But think of the benefits, you get to wrangle up only one of us instead of both of us for meetings- and how great would that be? I like the stuff on business and PR, and Tony wouldn't sulk his way through every single meeting."
"Nat please stop harassing Mr Stark." The metallic voice of Ironman spoke up amusedly. Now it was the spy's turn to drop something.
So when Pepper invited her for brunch, after months of nothing but ice cold professionalism, she had readily accepted. Maybe a little too eagerly but she
Pepper purses her lips and if Tony had looked at her he would’ve seen the pained anguish in her eyes, “Tony... Rhodey doesn’t want this.”
It was far behind them now.
Bucky nuzzled his head against his friend’s chest for emphasis.  Steve patted his hip and kissed the top of his head.
Tony’s brow furrowed, “Why would you do that?”
“Nat, it’s okay.  This wasn’t your fault, that guy was crazy.” Steve said.  Tony didn’t look shocked that the press got a hold of this.  He shook his head at what he saw.  Pepper was not going to be happy when she got there.  The pain medicine was making Tony seem apathetic about the publicity aspect of it.
“I guess until, next summer maybe?”
So he’s into Natasha already?
“I don’t know...something that keeps me busy and on my feet.  I don’t want to wear a dorky hairnet or uniform.  Also I don’t want to get up early in the morning.  You know I’ve always been a night person.”
Tony got to the Army base and was patted down upon arrival.  Pepper has asked to come with him, but he’d insisted he had to go alone for this.  He was given a visitors badge then was escorted by two armed guards to a private meeting room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on, you can get a nap later.  Just tell me what happened, the short version.  Please?” he asked lightly.
“Please.” moaned Steve, tilted up his hips, putting his ass more on display.
When he entered the bedroom, the brunette was curled up asleep in bed with all the lights off and a pillow and spare blanket was thrown on the floor near the door.
Groans drifted out of Steve’s throat at the unexpected wave of excitement he felt.
As the two men wrestled against each other, Steve managed to groan out, “Who the fuck are you?”
His body relaxed under the smaller man.  Steve leaned up and kissed the top of his head then fell back into a peaceful slumber.
“Awesome!” Steve sang, doing a little dance.
“He would want to pay you back.” Steve said, shaking his head, completely floored by his generosity.
They only got together once and then the man deleted his profile.  Later that year, he met Tony.
He gave her a defiant look.
Laughing, Steve replied, “I would love that too, but Bucky needs someone around.”
“Well, you two have been together for about what, a couple years?  That’s usually what happens around that time.  I don’t think gender roles matter anymore when it comes to proposals anyway.  When either of you feels it’s the right time, just go for it.”
Steve bit his lip, “I got an email too.”
“Nah, since Mom died, old George Barnes wants nothing to do with his fuck-up son.  Becca went and got married to some douchebag Republican.  I think she is trying to start a family right now.  Got no time for her loser big brother.  I should probably get a new phone so I can at least reach her on Facebook probably.”
---------------------------------------------------
"Take your time." He smiled, going to grab some for himself.
Steve nodded and started to pour the freshly brewed coffee.  “Drunk me only ever thinks about food.”
Plating the food, Steve said, “Fuck, should I tell him about it?  We promised to never keep anything from each other, no matter how small.  I feel like such an idiot.”
for once.  The mean little pains in his chest would never let the loving bubbly feelings last long.  It was always there, lurking.
“Tony?” asked Steve, tipping his head and searching his eyes.  “Did you hear what I asked?”
His oldest friend was worrying him, but Steve knew he had to remain calm and casual or else Bucky wouldn’t tell him anything about what was going on.
“Bartender again.” he laughed, “I work at a nice place though.”
Bucky raised an eyebrow and fiddled with his hair, “I’m just glad we can laugh about it.”
Steve looked embarrassed but answered yes.
Steve nods and tries to climb the steps but fails and falls back down to his butt.  Natasha shushes him and steadies his body, “Just wait until you’re not dizzy.  You’re going to be here a minute.”
Steve slammed down his half empty coffee, “That’s NOT how I think of you and you know it.”
“Alright then.”
“Uh, I think so.  Why?”
“SO!” Tony said to Bucky loudly, “How did job hunting go today?”
“In my top dresser drawer.” he replied.
Tony nodded and smiled, “You bet.  I’m always happy to help."
Steve stared at himself in the mirror shirtless for a minute.  “Stop doing this to yourself.  He needed to put himself out there.” he whispered to himself.  Reaching into his pants pocket, Steve pulled out his phone and sent a text to Bucky.
“S-Something.” stuttered Bucky softly.
After Steve had spent the next few weeks doing a great job at NOT coming clean to Tony, but also doing some self reflection and soul searching, (mainly with his therapist) he’d noticed sometimes he would get pains in his chest.
Natasha always dressed so flashy when she went out since she was a confident, single woman in New York City that had to wear camouflage to work every day.
On Wednesdays, when it was karaoke night once again, Steve actually invited Tony to join him and the girls.  Ofcourse, the older man declined.   While at the bar both nights, Steve made sure to post a lot on social media to prove who was with him all night.  No alcohol was consumed and he made sure to get home at a decent hour.
“Five years ago, I told you how I felt about you." said Steve, tears falling silently, "You're the one who didn't say it back."
Please give me comments.  It's my life blood.  The next chapter will go right on into their little discussion.  D-Rama!
“You don’t fucking know me!” Frank told him as loud as he could.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry I didn’t reply right away!  I’ve been at the base with my phone off.  I just got your messages.” she said frantically, “Are you guys okay?”
Everything seemed to crash down on Bucky, making him hug tighter and full on sobbed into Steve’s shoulder.  The hand that wasn’t rubbing his back cradled his head.
“Thank you.  I am here for a job interview, actually.  It’s a design company.”
“Fuck, it burns!” groaned Tony, jolting his head back.  He looked down to make sure Frank was still passed out before glancing back at Steve.  “Apparently, you used to work with this guy.”
“Drink your water and I’ll get you ready for bed.” said Tony.
“Pepp, you didn’t have to do all that.” said Tony with his charming smile.
Carol looked concerned as they stepped into the marble hallway/ half kitchen.  “I hope it goes away soon.” she said sweetly, “You still look handsome!  At least you get to stay in this swanky place, huh?"  The blonde woman was always so positive.
Visiting a medical doctor confirmed that Steve had developed more vigorous panic attacks from stress.  The doctor had to prescribe him stronger anti-anxiety medication (Steve was supposed to take them more frequently) and he had to start doing yoga and meditating as a recommendation from Sam.  Sam even starts to come over to help him, like his own personal yoga instructor.
Steve kneeled in front of him and tried to shake him awake while calling his name softly.
Steve managed to say yes as he coughed. The reality of the situation was that he had put away an entire bottle of champagne since he ordered bellinis all night, plus 6 whiskey shots.  He probably wouldn't be leaving the bed the next day.
After they had their food delivered and ate it, the two men settled back into their relaxing activities.  Steve started a trashy reality show but wasn’t really paying attention.  He felt the arm around him, the man attached to it mindlessly stroking his hand back and forth on his shoulder.
“Need this luscious cock too much.” sighed Steve.
“Slow down.” cooed Natasha, rubbing his muscular back.
“We can, Steve.  We can all move on and I can move away.  Probably somewhere in New England.” responds Bucky.
The next Saturday afternoon, a football game was on at Bucky’s apartment and he had Natasha and Scott over to watch it.  As soon as Natasha got up to get more beer, Scott started to whisper to him.  “What should I talk to her about when she comes back?”
They just became friends on Facebook, no doubt that is where he got that picture he was jerking it to.
Surprisingly, Tony slid down to his knees on the rug.  Steve moved to the edge of the bed to plant his feet on the floor.  Noticing the older man cry, he opened his arms and let Tony slide between his legs to hug him at the waist.
As he set the glass down delicately, he heard Tony’s voice even though it was low.  “God, you’re beautiful.”
Steve nodded, “One more wouldn’t hurt.”
He was more drunk on that than all the alcohol he’d consumed that night.  The knowledge that he put that good mood back into Bucky felt like such a reward.
Tony and he liked binge watching shows together and they had been half-way through Breaking Bad for a long time.
"I know." Said Bucky, shaking his head.  "I even left you alone for a year because I wanted to give us both a chance, and tried to stay out of the way.  I dated.   I wanted you to have happiness even more than I wanted it for myself."
Tony was not around when Steve arrived but his assistant, Pepper, was sitting on the living room sofa doing work on a tablet.
Bucky took off his shoes and locked the door behind him.
Natasha brushed her hand through her hair, “No, but thank you.  I think I could have some fun with him.  Let’s see how much free shit I can get.”  She started to busy herself with chugging down her drink.  She noticed it was grey goose, not the cheap shit, so it was actually so much SMOOTHER.  (Especially since it was free.)
“Sure.  Um. Yeah, I just—hang on,” Tony spluttered, tossing the yogurt cup into the garbage and heading for the waiting car.
“Your first time, it should be…I don’t know, with someone who…someone who would…” Tony trailed off, flattening his mouth and drawing in a breath.  Steve could almost see the mask slip into place, the way it did sometimes when Tony was talking to people who were outside of the small circle he considered his friends.  “I just thought, perhaps, you would prefer someone you knew.  Someone you would be comfortable with,” Tony finished with a slight shrug.
Steve was looking down into Tony’s suitcase, shifting the contents around here and there. “You have three boxes of Power Bars, two canisters of electrolyte mix, six bottles of sunscreen and two—okay, now three—pillows,” Steve observed mildly. Steve did so love his little lists, Tony thought fondly. So organized. “You know I can’t really get sunburned. Serum,” Steve reminded him.
“Yield,” Rhodes panted.  “I yield.”
He sounded like he was being sent to the guillotine.  Maybe even slightly less excited, if Steve were honest.  He sighed, grimacing a bit, then forced his face into a smile.  “That’s great, Tony.  Thanks for doing that.”
.  Except he’d wanted to see Tony in the morning.  That was the rub.  He’d wanted to see him again, maybe have breakfast, talk about some ridiculously interesting topic over coffee, laugh when Tony teased him, chase that feeling that bloomed in his chest when he teased Tony back and made
“Do you read?” Steve asked.
Steve snorted in response, then clamped his eyes closed and bit down on his lip, immediately deciding that stillness was the best course.
“I wouldn’t suggest finishing that sentence,” Tony replied, stone-faced.
“Shut the fuck up!” Rumlow shouted through gritted teeth as he edged away, his eyes wary.  He had shifted into a fighting stance. Steve almost hoped he would be that stupid.  “Cap, listen to me, you need to calm down. Cal was being a dick, and he’s sorry.  Aren’t you, Cal?  See?  He’s really, really sorry.”
Tony would probably say something like ‘there’s no point dwelling on stuff like that, all we can do is our best’. Tony was, is, always persistent like that, always insisting that they could be better people than they were.
They also had the same problem of their father consistently being disappointed at them. The same shadow of some hero they could never possibly hope to be.
Howard had found fault in both of them.
Ironman 2
"So what you're saying is that you've fallen arse over teakettle over Miss Potts." Tony translated easily and with a shit eating smile. Anton hates that smile.
were,"
“You’re not going anywhere, Tony.” Anton rasps as he enters the workshop. He looks terrible and exhausted but his eyes are hard with rage and determination. “Don’t fucking say that shit.”
Anton punched him.
are a businessman and an engineer.” Tony pointed out. “Both of which, are leagues better than Hammer.” Admittedly Hammer and Anton actually were probably on the same level in terms of business but Tony refuses to be objective about this. Hammer was a fucking dick who built shitty robots that malfunctioned and almost attacked a kid. Hammer could be the best businessman to ever business in man and Tony will insist he couldn’t sell a diamond for a nickel until he’s blue in the face.
, he needed to man up like his brother. Stark men were made of iron. They do not cry Tony.
Avengers' resident billionaire dropped his screwdriver. "I'm.." The man's eyes are wide and startled at the unexpected accusation from their resident female super spy. "
“Nfmn pfth.”
“I’m glad you two got together,” Tony muses, dismissing her words completely, he was always good at that, Anton can’t back down from a verbal showdown but Tony likes to change the subject like no one’s business. “He’ll need your support when I’m gone.”
The Ten Rings asshole dunking him, pulled Tony's hair back painfully. Not that Tony could bring it in him to care when he had sweet, sweet oxygen-
Pepper pats his shoulder consolingly, it feels both comforting and condescending at once. “Why don’t you sit down baby and finish your drink while the adults talk?”
He wakes up with a new and improved arc reactor in his chest and a tired worn down twin sleeping by his side. His mouth tastes faintly of metal and blood and, oddly enough, coconuts. The older Stark wonders if this is how there life is going to be now. Dangerous, tiring, scary.
Anton tilted his head in vague acknowledgment before speaking again, “Just, I get the feeling of wanting to try to be as smart as you Tony, I mean, I’ve made peace with being second place on the IQ listings but that doesn’t mean other people will.”
Tony reared back like he had been slapped. Anton quickly realized his mistake and tried to backtrack. "That's not what I- Tony, I didn't mean it like-"
“Not that you’re complaining,” his twin says bemused, “also don’t think I’m going to forget you just fan-gasmed just by saying the guy’s name near him.”
they totally need to order from Little C’s soon. It’s been far too long since he’s had their Mediterranean pizza. It’s so good. Damn. Maybe tomorrow.
ridiculous. Your brother is especially ridiculous. The plan to drag you out for sunlight and fresh air is genius. Hell, with all the chlorophyll crap your drinking you might even photosynthesize, and then I can cross feeding you off my list for today.”
“That’s why they made SHIELD in the first place.” Anton brutally points out, “Her whole ‘secret secret’ crap flies immediately out the window once she joins the very public avengers. I mean yeah, maybe for negotiations and infiltration she’ll be good but come on. This project has been in the making for how long? And they couldn’t even get like, an X-men or a mutant.”
The agent gave him a bland smile and failed to comply with Anton’s sitting down suggestion. Which. Totally rude.
There’s a saying,
“Not like this!” Pepper bursts out, angry and so goddamn sad, “Dammit Tony, your brother is out there trying to find something,
"What?" Anton asks.
The twins look at each other and shrug simultaneously, though Tony had to exaggerate his own gesture considerably to show it through the armor. “Pretty much Dr Banner.” He replies. It’s a pity how little inflection he can convey, everything he says sounds deadpan, “We’re, like, totally besties.”
“Unfortunately this is not a problem that can be solved through sex,” Anton mutters. “The problem is Justin Hammer is a businessman who wants to be an engineer, and well, I can sort of relate to that you know?”
So when Obie became Stane by ripping out Tony's robot heart, Tony couldn't help but wonder if the irony or metaphor or whatever messed up thing it was here, was more relevant to him or his brother, who watches, paralysed in a corner with tears in his eyes.
He was dying.
“Agent,” Pepper says politely enough but there’s a faint undercurrent of warning there, “you should sit as well.”
While Tony tinkered on his projects and clung to his childhood idol Captain America, Anton had moved onto admiring real role models in his life and learning how to sell ice to Eskimos with Obie. Sometimes Tony found himself jealous at Anton's close relationship with the man, maybe even resentful when he was left behind with a father who barely looks his way and a mother whose never there, just so Anton can get all Obie's attention.
"-and two, you are calling your brother. Even if he is kind of a massive dick."
"Oh how could I forget?" Tony mocks harshly, all meekness gone and bitter self-hatred coloring his tone, "You think we can actually atone for the shit we've done by throwing money at it? I'm tired of making weapons Anton! I'm tired of being associated with war and death and building fucking bombs that are used to try and kill us with."
Anton makes a face at him. “You know, one day you’ll be so old you’ll wish you’re four minutes and sixteen seconds younger like me.”
“Bubleck.” He garbles back, face still half-smashed into his pillow.
. "Anton you did it."
They both stare at each other.
Needless to say Anton
Anton waits until his brother finally loses consciousness once more before he lets himself breathe again. Tony is safe. He helped. He saved him. He almost didn't. Tony was safe. Tony barely made it. For a second he hadn't. For a second Anton almost lost the best thing he ever had. Oh god. Anton trembles as he runs to the corner of the cell and vomits what little contents in his stomach he has.
could ever be without the serum Captain.” Tony, Ironman, steps in. He wishes the voice modulator was more emotive but the fury and derision were clear enough. “Everything that makes you special comes out of a bottle.”
Tony scoffed, “Please, he’s been practically drooling over Ironman, we both know he wants one.”
Tony smiles weakly, "It's a family thing." He quips.
Tony pulled Anton in for a hug. "You moron." He says weary and fond as his younger counterpart immediately hugs him back. "As if I could leave your lazy ass alone. Look, I'm not saying I want to leave Anton, I just, I just don't know if I have the strength to keep up being Tony Stark anymore. This whole thing with the Ten Rings, and my heart, it's... I'm not as strong as you Anton."
It sort of snowballs from there. Tony felt bad for the Captain, he didn’t know that he picked a two for one deal in the Stark department, but the man certainly gave as good as he got. Bringing their father into it was a low blow and Tony can finally see what Anton had been telling him all those years back when they were teenagers.
It’s a near thing. Tony, the bastard, had hidden how far along he was. Anton should never have agreed to super secret ultimate override codes for JARVIS. To be fair, the super secret ultimate override codes are mostly for kinky sex stuff that one twin doesn’t want the other twin to see- Tony couldn’t look at him in the eyes for a week after accidentally witnessing the ah, furry incident of ‘99- so it wasn’t like Anton ever thought of overriding it for something like this. Fuck, he’s going to program a ‘possibly secretly dying like a bastard’ clause into the information override codes for JARVIS to use after this bullshit.
“Only if you don’t do a shit job of it.”
"Nothing!" Tony eeped before frantically fiddling with his fingers like they were the puzzle to unlock the secrets of Atlantis. Anton side eyed his brother suspiciously, whatever the other man had on Tony clearly was embarrassing enough that he didn't know about. Because Tony may be the shy one but that's like saying a house fire is not as hot as a bushfire. The man is still pretty shameless is all he's saying.
Oh dear lord if she ever finds out the truth one of them will probably have to die.
"What should we call the other one?" Maria asks softly, she cradles Anthony Edward Stark in her arms as a nurse gently plucks out the other one to hand to the awestruck new father. Howard looks at the tiny squishy human he had helped make and feels pride. They will be his greatest creations.
Anton snorted, “I’m also ‘kind of’ straight. C’mon, hypothetically, who is the most bangable god?”
Funny, sarcastic, banter and flirtation flows easily out of their mouths. It doesn’t hurt that they’re both handsome too.
“Now you know how I feel,” Anton smirks as he lays down in bandages. “Doesn’t feel so good now does it?”
. After all, despite the fairly impressive resume they saw on the file, and the even more impressive body count through their own investigation, the only things they know of her personally was that she failed to infiltrate Stark Industries. Which, while understandably hard to do, does not make her very capable in their eyes. “She could be for, uh, espionage stuff?”
Inwardly Anton winces at the sight, that particular invention was his project after all, and yeah, it works okay, he’s particularly proud of the motion constriction sensors- but it was a disgustingly ugly design, gunmetal grey and clunky in a way that brings back the image of that marshmallow ghost from Ghostbusters. Tony doesn’t think so but then again, Anton’s always been the more artistic and fashion-forward of the two. Unfortunately, they do not share the same opinions on that topic.
When Tony was fifteen he had already been accepted into MIT. When Anton was fifteen, he had already had sex twice.
“Right, this is ridiculous Rhodey,” Tony complains. “I still need to design the new protective clothing line for the army that Anton had fucking promised your pack of military dogs in order to get them off our backs about Ironman. Not to mention I’m almost done with War Machine.”
is Ironman."
“Natasha.”
The genius put his hands up in surrender, "I'm serious Ms Romanoff! I'm not Ironman! Just a plain old boring everyday run of the mill every day billionaire!"
When Tony was nineteen he graduated MIT. He asked to stay another year to help with research as an excuse not to leave his brother. It didn't work. When Anton was nineteen his first real scandal in the form of a sex tape came out. Well, it was his, but everyone thought it was Tony's. Anton felt guilt about the unwanted increase of attention toward his more introverted half and learned the idea of discretion.
“Should you really be telling someone like him this?” Rushman, if that really was her name, asked coolly, eyes cold and assessing as she took in Ironman. Tony can’t help but shudder at her icy demeanor, Anton shared a similar sentiment, possibly more unnerved than his brother since he had been more personally acquainted with her false persona. The contrast was quite jarring to say the least.
Anton sneered, "Then what do you want Tony, Huh? To go off and fly around and play hero in the suit- because that's not feasible! What about StarkIndustries? What about our stocks? What.." The younger twin takes a few deep breathes before looking into his brother's eyes, lost and so fucking mad and most of all betrayed, "What about me Tones?"
Anton just barely manages to carry Tony with him. Tony who had passed out from exhaustion at finishing the final touches of Anton's arbor, who had been unprotected and shot in the fight. There's sweat pouring into Anton's eyes, tears pouring out of his eyes, everything feels hot and close, too close.
Usually a weakness in business but for some baffling reason it was a strength with friends.
Shawarma was like that one classic movie you promise yourself you’ll get around to watching soon but never do because of reasons. Shawarma was like the weekend road trip you and your friends planned in passing but never got about actually doing it. Shawarma is like telling people you’re planning to volunteer your holidays helping sick African dolphins but ended up never getting around to filling in the application.
Tony. It's, it's not fair! You just keep doing shit like that and you just keep getting hurt and now you want to be some fucking hero whose going to die."
Maria used to be able to tell them apart, before they decided to change themselves, to become a better whole. Howard stopped trying altogether, if one was in trouble both were in trouble as far as he was concerned. Jarvis and his wife Ana was the best at figuring out though. They weren't perfect what with their age and failing eyesight but the couple tried and gave it as good as they got. It was more than they'd ever gotten from anyone else at least.
"I mean... I did fly the suit during Afghanistan." Stark tries to console.
Vanko dies by Tony’s hand.
Anton was always better with his emotions. He'd gotten over trying to bend backwards for Howard first. He'd gotten over trying to get Maria to stay with them more often faster. And, something that Tony found immensely unfair, he'd gotten over Captain America. Tony was a hoarder but Anton always liked to cut the fat when he could.
Appropriate gasps and noises of shock were made at the statement.
Yinsen didn't make it.
So that’s how they find SHIELD.
Natasha watches, consideringly.
“Anton, get Tony into the Ironman suit and to come to the address Rhodey’s going to text you.” Pepper orders one day early in the morning. And when Anton says early in the morning he means, eleven o’clock, which, to be perfectly fair was incredibly early for a Sunday and seriously, they just had incredible mind-blowing sex last night and it’s a little rude that she had left just to wake him up via phone call.
Just because they were twins, that didn't mean that they didn't fight. It doesn't happen often, after all they practically share everything with each other, however when they did, well. Let's just say no one wins in a war.
, how Justin seethed.
"Tony, wait don't-"
"How does it make sense?!" She shouts. "Are you two
Justin and Anton secretly dated for a decent amount of time. It made sense, they thrive on being businessmen, showman, sly and cunning and opportunistic. Their version of foreplay was investing in companies and seeing whose total stocks rose higher. Apparently the sex
There’s this new chick. Natalie Rushman. She’s Pepper’s new hire to help her out with all her work that’s been piling up recently. Anton was going to hire her but apparently having another hot redhead working under him wasn’t exactly met with approval from Pepper. Ex-supermodel lawyer or something.
“Patch him in JARV,” he orders, he doesn’t have time to be polite.
“Well, who do we replace Ironman with?” Anton looks at the doctor expectantly, both twins were delighted that
“Yes. Twenty minutes.”
Anton is more of a risk taker. He has plans and backups like Tony, but he embraces the ridiculous frivolity of the world known as luck and happenstance. Anton knows that he cannot plan as many contingencies like his brother, but he can adapt quickly, he is far more flexible with unknown variables thrown their way. It was why he was always better handling the press, Tony would freeze the moment someone asked him an unexpected question, needing to recompute his carefully formulated answers, but Anton barely even blinks as he smoothly spouts off bullshit with a shark-like smile.
Howard, well, Howard was fucking dead.
“Other than Banner I’m not exactly psyched about this lineup,” Anton complains as he flies in a more stripped down version of the Ironman suit to the Helicarrier. Just because Ironman was his official bodyguard didn’t mean Anton wasn’t willing to wear the armour at all, however for the public’s reassurance, he and Tony decided the ‘Tony Stark civilian’ suit should be more aerodynamic, focusing on speed and escape tactics than power and weaponry. Not that there wasn’t weaponry. A good offense was the best defense after all.
Some people commented about their closeness. Accusations of incest and forbidden love that never seemed to go away no matter how much money was thrown at them. It didn't help that people kept claiming they've been invited up for a night as the meat in that Stark sandwich. And it really didn't help that at least half those claims had been true.
If pressed, the twins would say they've had four major fights. The first was about who stole the last cookie when they were eight. That lasted two weeks and was only resolved because Howard had called them babies who needed to grow the hell up.
So it wasn't really a surprise when they ended up both in the same cell in Afghanistan.
Tony doesn’t see her much since she’s more in the business section of their lives and therefore he doesn’t really know her as a consequence. Anton doesn’t see her often either, to be honest, apparently, she kept coming on to him, and he had to firmly but gently tell her, in no uncertain circumstances to cease and desist. Pepper and HR were so very proud.
“I know,” Pepper says fondly, and wow, even Anton wasn’t sure what he meant but trust Pep to know.
Tony oversimplified, as he tends to do in matters like this. It's always straight to 'You're wrong' without explaining why, or 'This way is better' without being bothered to justify unless prompted. His brain moves too fast to consider social niceties most of the time, but it was also sometimes too fast to express anything but his own genuine emotions.
Either way, Natasha thought, to bring a gun, a taser, a veteran who apparently has access to Stark’s repulser weaponry and drugs in her drink was a little overkill.
Anton wasn't as smart or clever with his hands as his brother, he had words but nothing to back them up. Stark men were made of iron. They do not lose Anton.
“You know that’s a one way trip Ironman?” Captain America asks.
They still have the trophies in their rooms.
Off a cliff.
But that’s okay.
It felt... nice. Like the old days.
On the other hand, there is Anton who watches Hammer get arrested. Romanov is off talking to her superiors while Anton keeps an eye on his old friend. He wants to groan and sigh and blame Tony for not humoring Hammer, maybe the man wouldn’t have turned out like this if his brother had heeded his advice, or maybe it was always destined to be like this, maybe Justin Hammer was always going to be this desperate, sad man-child looking for ways to be better than he could ever possibly be. It doesn’t matter either way. Hammer tried to hurt him, hurt Tony, he is a threat that Anton can’t afford, not when there were so many unknown enemies in the future, hiding in every shadow of their past.
“Worse still, he was the one who hired the Ten Rings to take me and my,” Anton made choked a little, remember the horrors in that cave, what they have gone through, how Tony had suffered, “my brother.”
He sighed and scraped a hand over his face, trying to clear his jumbled thoughts. He shouldn’t have stayed.  Nice as it was, he should have left.  Being with Tony like this, it was messing with his head.
He did not think about what he would do locked in a closet with Tony.
“You know how I love to show my patriotism.  I could be patriotic all fucking day with that, I’m telling you,” Calhoun replied around a low, appreciative whistle.
Tony quickly figured out that the only thing better than driving was driving fast.  The Audi hugged the curves and zoomed down the freeway like it was made to fly, the engine snarling as they accelerated.  To Steve’s credit, he only attempted to Fred Flintstone-brake a couple of times, Tony noticed, surreptitiously watching Steve grind his foot into the floorboard when he didn’t think Tony applied the brake quite fast enough.
“A good one, I’m sure,” Steve replied. He was sure, at least of that, if little else, he realized with a pang of longing. He would never get to see it, but he had no doubt that Tony would be a wonderful father, for all his worries about repeating the mistakes of his own.  Tony would, of course, one day marry and have a family. Steve knew that.
Steve’s eyes followed the line of Tony’s hand and landed on the case next to Obie’s foot.  He lunged for the case, fingers scabbering over the lock for a moment before he finally popped it open.  The reactor sat inside, dull and gray as it waited.
Two prompts in one!  This is for a request for an injured Steve who was hiding his injury and another request for the boys stuck in Ye Olde Convenient Cabin.  I apparently don't understand the meaning of the word "drabble."
Before he could work himself up about it, Tony’s cock slid home, filling him fully, easy and good, like Steve was made for him to fill. Wow, he realized with a slight start of surprise. It didn’t even hurt this time. It just felt...well, amazing, actually.  Steve’s back arched, his neck staining against the sudden rush of feeling, a deep, aching fullness that was incredibly satisfying.  HIs body quaked with it, adjusting to the welcomed intrusion.  He lifted his hips, clenching experimentally.  Oh.  Oh, yes, that was nice, he realized, blinking up at Tony.
“You’re the expert,” Tony answered with a shrug.  “Bed.  Go.  Long day and all that.  Sleep on me. It.  Maybe you’ll see things clearly in the morning.”
“So what if he does?” Steve asked.
“Steve?” Tony called out in a voice still rough with sleep.  “Hey, you okay in there?”
“I have to go away for a few days.  I’m sorry.  I know the timing—the timing’s bad,” Rogers was saying.  “Take these.  Show them to Coulson.  He’ll know what it means.  Tell him anything you need, and he’ll make it happen.”
“Lord Ellis’ library is rather well known for its pharmacology and botany selections, thanks to the bounty of the region, I suppose. I  thought there might be something of use in there,” Tony said.
“Sorry,” Steve said nervously.  “I wasn’t sure if…I mean, if you wanted…” he stammered, waving his hand vaguely toward the limo door in a motion that he hoped said, I wasn’t sure if you wanted your hooker to join  you at the…benefit gala…for the evening or just wait in the car like a good boy.  It must have communicated just fine because the guy was laughing his odd little laugh.
“Oh my God.  Oh MY GOD, Steve!  The fuck?” Tony shouted, pulling back from the tangle of Steve’s arms and glaring up at him.  “You’re Captain America.  Holy shit. Holy shit, Steve! What the fuck is going on???” Tony demanded.
“Okay, so it’s not that long of a story,” Steve sighed.  Bucky’s eyes went wide, and he opened his mouth, then snapped it closed again.
“Sir! Hey, you can’t go in there!” Short Cop shouted, reaching for his shoulder.
“Ms. Potts took my phone because I was getting so many calls from people she said were reporters,” Steve explained.
kind of weird.”
“If the thong fits,” Tony shrugged, returning the smile.  “It was nice, though.  Yesterday.  Your mini-golf subterfuge notwithstanding.  Dinner and, uh, all, I mean. Good…food,” Tony finished with a helpless wince, making the last sound more like a question than he had really meant to.
“Here, I have brought you food from the feast,” Cam said in a rush, arranging things on the table in front of Steve.  “The King said that I may return to the hall if you’ve no need of me, but I am to tell him in great detail how you fare.  So,” he gulped down air. “How do you fare?”
“I think I got it,” Steve said, powering it on and taking out a small notebook from his pocket where he had written the new passcodes that someone, probably Natasha, had given him.  “SHIELD had something similar. Coulson showed it to me.  Usually, they just send me the manuals or a tutorial of some kind,” Steve explained, looking up at Tony with a diffident shrug.  “Serum, you know?  Enhanced memory and all,” he finished with something of a self-deprecating grimace.
“Well, that doesn’t sound at all ominous.  Do tell,” Rhodey coaxed.
“You two could’ve worked something out,” Conference Room Steve retorted.  “We did, didn’t we, Tony?”
“I didn’t realize the story had traveled so far.  Perhaps if we share the same stories, we are not so very different, then.  Your people and mine,” Tony said, dropping his hands from Steve’s neck and picking up the sponge again.  He lathered it with soap and started running it up and down Steve’s arms, eyes tracking the movement.  “I wanted to be a knight.  When I was younger.  Always having grand adventures in the garden or heroically fighting off invaders from the sanctuary of the Castle walls instead of seeing to my studies.  That’s why my father had my tutor bring in Rhodey.  To provide me with a good example to follow.  A stalwart student who would help curb my wayward tendencies.  As you can imagine, this did not quite go as planned,” Tony tutted with a fond smile that spoke of good memories.  “He became the knight, of course, not me, but he still allows that I may be capable of grand adventures and heroic deeds from time to time.”
Tony clicked the messages app and an unknown number appeared with a short message on the screen below.
“Tony,” Steve husked out, voice taut and strangely hollow.
“You just seem…”  Tony started, then grimaced.  “You seem like you’d be the toppiest top to ever top, okay?”  Tony muttered, flopping down on his back on the bed beside Steve’s leg and staring up at the ceiling, before hazarding a glance up at Steve, who was giving the Furrow of Disapproval a workout.  “Some guys, they don’t want to, which is fine, whatever.  I like both, and I like to make my partner happy, so it’s no big deal.”
“Steve,” Tony choked out, sucking in a gasping breath of air.  “What are you doing?” Tony asked with a groan.
“Ah, yeah, about that,” Bruce interjected, drawing Steve from his reverie.  “The headaches. See, we’ve been calling this the convergence. Because what’s happening now, I mean, it’s just theory, because no one’s ever—right, right,” he caught himself as Tony slapped his shoulder.  “You changed the past. Enough that it affected who you became. Tony found you, not SHIELD. You two, you know, did your little thing, whatever. What? I’m—I’m, it’s the shorthand version, okay? Don’t look at me like that. Okay, so, anyway, then the Chitauri came and all of that.  Meanwhile, we know that some version of you went back in time. Things were so dire in some future reality that you took that chance.”
“First thing this morning.  I heard it from one of the other attendants when I was bringing up the wine.  Oh.  There’s wine,” Cam added, tipping his head up and looking back towards the suite of rooms.  “I can get some, if you want…”
Well…that had been an unmitigated disaster. If that was how things were going to be until he got his feelings for Tony under control…well…that just obviously was not acceptable.  Clearly, pushing Tony away had not only failed to stop Steve from thinking about Tony…well, like that…but had also managed to hurt Tony in the process.  Steve knew that for all Tony’s outward bravado, he carried Atlas-worthy burdens on his shoulders that always seemed one slip away from crushing him under their weight, and while Tony never let that stop him, he could be surprisingly and unnecessarily hard on himself when he did slip or when he perceived, often wrongly, that he had.  Since Steve had been the one to put the distance there, Tony naturally assumed it was something he’d done, and Steve had known that about Tony’s personality, and done it anyway because he’d wanted to escape his own ridiculous feelings, thinking only about himself and how to make this as simple as possible for himself, without stopping to think how it would look to Tony with absolutely no explanation.
The bank of elevators was in front of him before he quite realized he had made it that far.  Coulson said doctors. Doctors meant Medical.  Tony had been to Medical.  That first day, when he met Steve.  Medical.  He knew where that was.  Next step, then.  Get to medical.
“Hey, you’re the one who couldn’t just give him a banana or something,” Clint objected, holding his hands up in the air.  “Besides, what’s the  big deal?”
Pepper muttered something under her breath that sounded a lot like ‘Boys’ and got up from the table.  Tony waved a hand to Rhodey, who shot him a one-fingered salute and went back to his laptop pillow.
about him.  Do you understand?”
“Mind telling me why not? You’re sick.  Tony, come on, you need something more than,” Rhodey reached out and took a whiff of the top of Tony’s thermos.  “Orange juice and Red Bull?  Seriously?”
“’S good. Good. Good. So good, Steve, please,” Tony repeated.  “Please. Touch me.  Yeah.  Like that, oh God.  Yes! Steve,
“Tony…I told you I wouldn’t touch you, and you said that was good.  You thanked me.  I thought maybe, that day in your workshop, you were kind of…and I thought, maybe, so I tried, but you…kind of kicked me out?  You told me—you told me to find someone else, Tony.  That night after the gala.  Someone to be with who wasn’t you.”
“Tony, we have to be realistic here.  Bruce has more knowledge of the serum and its properties than anyone out there.  This—it may not happen,” Steve said, wrapping his arms around Tony, crossing them in the center of Tony’s chest over the reactor.  “If it doesn’t, that’s nothing to do with you, Tony,” Steve said quietly, placing small, light kisses along Tony’s shoulder and the back of his neck.
“So,” Rogers repeated, sucking in a deep breath and squaring his shoulders.  “Um.  Right.  So, like I said, thank you for coming here today,” Rogers began, which had the ring of a practiced speech to it.  “I wanted to meet you and—and give you the chance to meet me before we…settled on anything permanent.  I know we don’t exactly have a lot of shared life experiences, but I thought it would be a good idea to see—to see if we’re…compatible.”
“But, then I thought you didn’t or then maybe you did, and Jarvis said to tell you I liked the mug. Which I did.  Like the mug, I mean. And love you. But—that was about the mug,” Tony corrected with a quick shake of his head.   “You know, I’m just going to stop speaking now, and end on I love you this insane amount that I didn’t know I could because I never got the chance to love someone as myself.  As me, I mean.  I always had to love someone like they wanted to be loved.  Except Jarvis, but he’s special.  And then you come along, with your whole listening to me, and being all funny and awesome—thanks again for breaking a desk with my Dad, by the way—and the making me feel good about myself thing, and…I said I was going to stop speaking,” Tony mumbled, chewing on his bottom lip and twisting his eyebrows up.  “You like it when I talk, though.”
“God, you’re the most perfect thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony breathed out in a rough scrape of a voice that sounded like steel against a sharpening wheel.  “Beautiful.  So beautiful.  My soldier.  Look at you, God, you’re so good, Steve, so, so, good, my treasure, mine, my beautiful one,” Tony chanted, eyes glazed over, hand’s holding Steve’s cheeks in an iron grip. He was rocking his hips hard into Steve’s mouth, quick, stuttering thrusts that left Steve breathless and choking, the pain in his nipples singing through his muscles and deep down, deeper still, behind his cock, where his balls drew up and tightened.
“I want to see you.  Please?” Steve pleaded.  “Please, Tony.  I’ve seen your chest before.  It’s—“ Beautiful, Steve thought, remembering how those scars were earned.  For a moment, his head echoed with splintering explosions and he could smell the sulfurous air clogging his nostrils.  He wondered if Tony could, too.  “It is nothing to be ashamed of.  As we appear to be doing this, I would…I would like to see you, if it please you.”
be my Omega,” Rogers said, blue eyes dark and soft with something like sadness.  “Looks like we’re compatible, after all.”
Tony watched his father’s back as he walked away to join the other men celebrating in the billiards room, then turned and walked slowly up the staircase towards his room.  He stopped on the landing when another round of laughter echoed out into the mansion’s foyer.  He hated them.  Hating Howard was easy enough.  He’d learned how to do that at his father’s knee, after all.  He hated all of them, though, with their cigars and brandy and stupid jokes, with their lingering gazes and averted eyes, because let’s have some fucking decorum here while we’re doing this, by God.
Which was tricky when Steve wasn’t sure he understood his motivation.  Not fully, at least.
“I just didn’t want you to think--to think what you said about yourself.  You deserve more, Tony, you do, so much more, and I just, I guess, I just wanted you to know that.”
He watched Tony’s eyes dart between the styrofoam box, the bag and Steve, as if trying to figure something out.
“No!” Tony gasped and pulled the phone away from his ear.  “Where? How?”
“The Free States are not our enemy.  I would very much like to keep it that way,” Tony said, his voice grave, but sincere. “I think, perhaps, you can help with that.  Politics may not be your forum, but a soldier must know how to keep peace, as well as wage war, is that not true?”
Steve nodded once, then pulled his phone out of his back pocket and hit one of the contacts.  A moment later, Tony could hear him in the living room, asking for a veggie pizza, hold the black olives, probably because Tony had picked them off last time.
“Yes, Alpha,” Tony replied, keeping his head ducked down and peering up at Rogers through his lashes trying for demure and probably landing closer to I-have-something-in-my-eye, though the other man sucked in a harsh, surprised-sounding breath and actually fucking started to blush, which, of course, managed to look good on him.
It was the kind of poverty that lived paycheck to paycheck, and maybe skipped meals at the end of the month, but got by, barely, one mistake away from desperation.  Tony knew he should probably hate that anyone at all lived like this, but it was Steve who filled his thoughts.  Steve and his bike, peddling down this road in the wee hours of the morning when the buses had stopped, because a car and insurance and gas were too much when you were saving for…whatever it was Steve was saving for.  Something to do with Barnes.  Thirty thousand dollars worth of guilt-edged responsibility.  Not that Tony couldn’t relate.  He’d paid out enough blood money after Afghanistan to sleep at night, hadn’t he?  Even if none of it had  made it to Steve, because that was Tony’s life.  Always one fuck-up away from actually accomplishing anything.
“A bit higher,” Tony urged.
“Well, they’re smart folks,” Steve said, giving Tony a teasing smile.  “Come on.  We both know you’re not one to sit in the car.”
He could do this.
“No,” Steve replied, turning back to Tony.
Fuck, what if he knows? Maybe that was why Steve looked so uncomfortable and wouldn’t look Tony in the eye.  Well, obviously, I’ll have to live in my room for the next twenty years or so, but there’s no reason to panic, Tony told himself with a shaky, caustic huff of a laugh that he smothered with one hand.  Yeah.  Definitely nothing problematic happening here.
night, that was what they had, and even that would be taken from Steve.  “What if I don’t want you to let me go?” Steve asked.
“Why am I picturing something Inspector Gadget-y?” Steve replied dryly.  “Maybe with one of those buzzer things attached to it?”
“I don’t want to bail,” Steve replied. “I want to do it.”
“Yeah, it’s almost like some gay men fetishize masculinity and don’t know fuck all about women,” Tony grumbled, scrubbing his face with his hands.  “Look, believe me, I am completely onboard here if you want to try it.  Like, male praying mantis level of committed to the idea of having sex with you, however you want it.  But, I mean, are you sure?” Tony asked quietly.
“Like you don’t know,” Tony grumbled, squeezing his eyes shut as he let his head dangle to his chest.
Your Alpha was nice to you. Let's spend the night considering all the Reasons This Could Be Bad For Tony. Perhaps some kind of decision tree is in order? A spreadsheet? Or, consider this, we could simply ignore this whole thing and go out to the garage and build something. Good plan. Well thought out. A-plus reasoning there, Tony, he thought to himself with a derisive huff of laughter.
Tony’s jaw clenched hard, and he swallowed, blinking against the burning at the corner of his eyes.  No artwork stuck on the front of the fridge, no Legos on the floor, no grief, no loss.  Nothing.  What did it matter if this was wrong?  This was all he had.  He pressed the heel of his hand into the base of his neck again, and felt an answering rush of slick, wet heat underneath him, and let his eyes slowly drift shut.
“I guess,” Tony said finally.
“This is great. Thanks, Tony.  Really.  This is…all of this.  Tonight, and the lunch---I know I seemed---I should have just--I don’t know. It was nice.  It was,” Steve insisted when Tony pulled a face.
“You do know that I fly fighter jets, right?” Rhodey pointed out.
Tony stared vacantly at Obie for a long moment, then slumped slowly back down onto the sofa in stunned disbelief.  Obie pushed himself out of the chair and walked over to stand by the arm of the sofa where Tony stared dully at the papers in his hand.  He felt Obie’s large hand fall heavily on his shoulder, giving him a little shake.
“Well, it is a great piece of art…but, this isn’t Iron Man,” Steve said, his voice certain now.
“God, you really are truly terrible at this, aren’t you?” the King barked with a surprised laugh.
Pushed to the back of the shelf at the top of the closet, there was a heavily carved cinnabar-lacquer presentation box.  He couldn’t see it from his vantage point on the bed, but he knew it was there.  He knew there was a dragon coiled in relief on the top of it, its claws outstretched, while deeply-cut scrollwork of undulating vines and flowers wrapped around the sides.  He knew the box was exquisite.  Tony wasn’t an expert, but he was almost certain it was authentic, not some eBay knock-off.   Of course, it was what was inside that held his interest.  He closed his eyes and flopped backwards on the bed, burying his face in the pillow.  He could feel his cheeks heating up, flushing with an embarrassing stab of want that started low in his belly and slid lower still.
“I love you,” Tony rasped out, pulling Steve closer, though Steve wasn’t sure he was quite aware of what he was doing. “I love you with all my heart. More than I thought possible. If it was possible to lay all of this down for anyone, I would do it for you. Please believe that.  I love you so much that I can barely contain it sometimes, and I
“Are you sure you want to do that?” the King asked, voice dancing with amusement.  Steve and Cam both snapped backwards in startle, Cam’s foot knocking into the table and nearly upsetting the board.  “I would sacrifice your Pawn, there,” Tony added, pointing to Steve’s pawn where it faced down Cam’s Knight.
“Just what?  Look, Steve, you know this is your decision, right?” Brock told him.  “I know we already kinda spent some of it and made plans for the money and all that, but, you know, we’ll figure it out. If you wanna bail, that’s totally your call.”
“I’m not people,” Tony replied.
The phone was silent long enough that Tony pulled it away from his ear to check the screen and make sure the phone call time was still ticking upwards.  “Rhodey?  You there?” Tony ventured.
Tony lifted his gaze from the table up to Steve, who was still hovering in the doorway like an unwelcome guest, hands going to his hips, as he pivoted in obvious agitation. Steve's head dipped down to his chest while he sucked in a breath and finally looked up at Tony, blue eyes clear and bright, holding Tony's gaze when he would have looked away, if he could.
“Why you bein’ so stubborn about it?” the woman asked, directing the question over Tony’s shoulder at Steve.
“James B. Barnes, also of Brooklyn, New York, a year older than your ball and chain.  Enlisted out of high school.  Sniper, mostly, it looks like. Made Sergeant pretty fast.  Not like your golden boy, but record’s good, clean.  Impressive confirmed kills,” Rhodey said. Tony could hear the forced nonchalance in his voice.  Great.
“I’ll stop.  Now. Tonight.  If that’s what you want.  I’ll do anything, Tony, I swear,” Steve rushed out in a tight voice.  “If you want a divorce, I—I understand.”
It took Tony a second to catch up to the old man’s train of thought.  Normandy.  World War 2. Europe.  Commandos.
It took seven hours for Tony to admit he did not, in fact, have a chance. The damage to the ship was far too extensive to repair up here, especially seeing as how he was currently functioning as a portable charger.  Another problem: the reactor in his chest was already deteriorating. The drain of powering the ship was causing it to decay at an alarming rate. There was a spare, with the suit. The suit was designed for short EVAs, though, not extended spaceflight.  He’d imagined needing to make minor repairs, or just going outside the ship and taking a peek around for the hell of it. Taking a selfie with the earth in the background. Not using it as a lifeboat.
. He pressed the cool glass against his forehead and stared at his reflection until he could look at it without wanting to smash his fist into the glass so he could really see himself fall to pieces, none of this metaphorical bullshit.
“I don’t think its weak to ask for help, Buk.  I’m just—this thing with Tony.  It’s new.  Well…not new, but…one step at a time, okay?  We’re trying to…take it slow.  Do it the right way this time, you know,” Steve replied.
“I’ve given him as much as I can,” the anesthesiologist said, directing his words at Coulson, which, if Tony didn’t already dislike him for failing to keep Steve out of pain, he did in the moment the man made Steve’s pain more of Coulson’s business than Tony’s.  “He keeps coming out of it.  Any more and…I don’t know.  We’re way outside the literature on this one, Coulson.”
“Why don’t you wear the race car tie if you like it?” Steve asked.
“Thanks, Nat. I mean it,” Steve replied.
With New York, they had a definite moment in time when they knew where a stone would be.  The Tesseract was sitting there on top of Tony’s Tower in Selvig’s machine. Just sitting there, unguarded for a few precious minutes before being swooped off to Asgard while they all watched Tony fall, then collected Loki from his Hulk-induced lesson on the folly of ego.  Before that, and it disappeared into the bowels of SHIELD, only occasionally showing up in coded mentions in SHIELD’s files. The Battle of New York it was, then.
“They didn’t,” Steve said.
“It won’t hurt, Steve. I promise,” Tony said, his voice soft, barely above a whisper.
“Can we—can we talk about something—anything—else?  Please?” Steve asked after a long, awkward moment, causing everyone to immediately look away in vague attempts to seem occupied.
“I—yeah, of course.  I was the one who—I wanted to come here,” Tony stammered.  He had wanted to come here.  He wanted to be here.  He did.  It was just…why had he wanted to come here so badly?  That thread of thought, that need, floated at the end of a kite string he couldn’t quite catch.  When he tried to look at it, all he saw was bright, scorching his eyes until he had to look away.
“Come on in,” Steve urged, jerking his head towards the inside of the apartment.  “Before the neighbors call someone.”
Steve sighed as Tony’s hand slipped from his, a nervous laugh and quick thanks echoing over the birds and rustle of branches overhead.  He could see the pond up ahead, the light glinting off the water in bright ripples.
There was another, smaller man with thinning hair and a kind face who had come with Eye-Patch McFrowny, though he had barely looked at Tony as they passed through the mansion, which, Tony admitted, was better than the curious once-overs the others had given him, like he was produce at the market that was a bit too close to its sell-by date.  They probably expected him to look away, avert his gaze like a proper, unbonded Omega would do around so many Alphas, none of whom he belonged to, so he’d forced himself to stare back, working through differential equations in his head to keep at it, but he’d done it.
“Fine,” Steve replied.  “Oh, ah, speaking of reports.  You can stop monitoring Tony’s purchases. I don’t--Nat told me about the crickets,” he tried not to smile--a
“Beautiful and perfect, so damned perfect, Steve. Please believe me. Please. Please let me. Let me love you. Let me love you as you are, as you love me. You have no idea what I see when I look at you. I see everything. Everything, Steve. Please, Steve, you are everything. Please let me,” Tony pleaded, his mouth grinding hard enough into Steve’s back that Steve could feel the scrape of teeth and a dampness where Tony’s cheek pressed against the expanse of Steve’s back. The hand that had been rubbing lightly across the skin turning grasping, digging into the skin as if Tony could pull something out of him, and maybe he could.
Crossing his own arms, Tony sneered, “Obviously I’m fucking not.  It feels like you don’t even want to live with me!”
“Want to talk it out?!” Bucky’s voice raised, “Fine!  Here’s how things are going to go...I’m going to go ANYWHERE else right now so you can get your stuff out of here.  Then, you will give me space and keep communication to a minimum via phone only.  I will work, I will pay Tony back with interest, and I will find another place that I paid for MYSELF.”
“Mph,” groaned Tony, “I can arrange to stay working from home so we can do yoga and have sex constantly.”  Steve rolled his eyes and smiled at him.  He realized how long it had really been since they had sex.  Since the fighting started, Steve wasn’t even able to masturbate due to sadness then he got busy with keeping an eye on his injured boyfriend.
“Okay, technically it may be but-”
"Oh, I can find something for you to do." Tony said in a deep voice, lunging forward to kiss him rather hard.  Steve touched his hips gently and sucked on Tony’s tongue in return.
Tony and he had grabbed a ton of them that week so he could start packing his apartment away at his leisure.
“No.” he grunted.
“Get out of here.  I’ll be fine.” said Tony, “I’ll have a bodyguard right here in my bed.”  He squeezed Steve’s beefy bicep.
“That’s awesome!” he smiled.  “You’re sort of making a difference.”
As soon as Steve started to doze off, his phone started to ring loudly.
Although Steve and Tony had gotten most of their things from the penthouse in order to live, they had to stay at the hotel until their place was cleaned by professional crime scene cleaners.  Parts of the walls had to be renovated due to being shot up.
“After I heal a little more, sure.” he nodded.  That made Steve hopeful.  He relayed the information to Bucky.  Tony pulled him to lay down with him as Steve put his phone on charge.  They settled in for the night, knowing neither of them were likely to sleep.
Steve told Tony to hold on and addressed his friends, “You guys don’t have to leave.”
“Sure.” he yawned.
“It’s not cheap.” said Steve, looking worried, “And it’s not easy to just find somewhere else in New York City in the middle of Christmas time.”
“You’re leaving now?  I thought you didn’t have to go in until 6.” Steve acknowledged.
“I think we’re set.” said Tony, getting her attention.  “Thank you so much for everything you’ve done.”
Bucky just wanted to drink until he felt numb and finally without dreams of Steve.
The package was yanked out of Tony’s hand and tossed aside into the living room, as were his keys.  Frank frisked him, took off Tony’s coat, and pulled out his phone.  He proceeded to drop it, stomp on it with his steel toed boots, and throw it’s crushed carcass into the fireplace.  He forced Tony to sit in a dining chair and pulled out handcuffs.  Tony’s arms were pinned behind his back and locked.
Bucky sat outside in the frigid air with a few other people smoking.
After going back to sleep and waking hours later, Bucky sent Steve a message asking how they were doing.  Steve’s text was a neutral update he would give anyone.  Bucky paced his bedroom and felt his stomach clench as he wrote “I was thinking, we should probably go ahead and get together soon.  That is if you guys are up for it.”
They were already Facebook official, meaning things must have been going on for  a while if they are serious.  Steve’s mind was racing.  He couldn’t decide if it was any of his business or not.
“What’s the plan for tomorrow?”
“I know.  I already called my boss and he is making sure I won’t have to come in until later next week.  I was thinking of leaving Sunday since it’s a 12 hour long drive.”
“No.” Steve sighed.
“Rogers has already confirmed his resignation.” the man told him.
"Didn't seem important."
It was especially hard when Natasha would mention his best friend.  Bucky had to make it seem like Steve had just gotten too occupied with Tony to hang out as much as they used to and he was okay with it.  He was preoccupied too.
He was dressed and putting on his jacket to leave as he kissed Tony at the door.  “Remember you can come stay with me any night until Friday this week while Buck’s gone.”
Steve dropped his camo pants and started to change into a casual black pair.
“Absolutely, I need to be more considerate.  It’s good you’re telling me this now.  I got a feeling that’s not all, is it?”
"Shelbyville, Indiana originally. I moved to Long Island when I was 12." Bucky replied, "What about you?"
“No.  I’m kind of hungover.” he mumbled, making himself sit up.
Tony said evenly “All that time we spent picking out this stuff, and it’s got Frank's blood on it.”
“No, like he doesn’t know if you’re my boyfriend or not.  He shouldn’t assume.”
“I’m guessing you saw Facebook.” Bucky told him casually.
“Hey.” Steve said with a chuckle that was fake.
----------------------------
“Sure!  I’ve just been spending all my time with the kids lately.  They’ve been on spring break the past two weeks, so there have been a ton of like, full day classes.”
They both looked at Bucky, surprised.
“Bucky thinks there is a snake on the inside trying to get rid of me.”
James Buchanon Barnes had a harder time than Steve after the war and after he became an amputee.  He was an alcoholic, moved around a lot, and constantly was facing eviction or changing phone numbers so he couldn’t be tracked by creditors.  He just couldn’t find anything in life that could stick.
Bucky snickered, “You got me there, but things with Tony are-”
His co-worker, Okoye, (most people called her Koy) smiled at him. "Well look what the cat dragged in." She said with her thick African accent coming through.
Glancing down, Tony noticed Frank was wearing his military uniform under his coat.  He had regulation military boots just like Steve’s.  There was also a pile of cigarette butts.
The two men had to wait to be approached by the waitress to take their drink orders as the menus were at the tables.  Business was in full breakfast rush, so they knew they had a few minutes.
Steve made them both herbal tea and put on some old rock music they used to play when they were teenagers.  They started to reminisce about what they used to do back then.
“Having fun?” Natasha asked Bucky.
The two of them grabbed a car and headed back to Steve’s then Tony’s.
Bucky was reading a book on his air mattress, “Sup?”
A pain made itself present in the middle of Steve’s chest.
Steve handed him his water bottle from the coffee table.
Rhodey looked him over for any signs of lying, “Has he been helpful?”
Bucky laughed, “Yeah right!  You’re still a bunch of soldiers.  I know you guys party.”
“What’s M&D?” Tony asked.
Bucky looked so perfect, with the romantic lighting in the bar and his hair looking so soft and framing his face.  Bucky’s expression one of admiration and innocence.
Steve averted his eyes and cleared his throat before he asked "What did he mean by 'are you still a…'"
“Are we going to go back in and find Natasha?’ asked Steve.
“What poor decisions?” asked Natasha curiously, downing the rest of her vodka.
Bucky stood up and swivelled Steve in his seat to face him, immediately pulling his head into his chest for an embrace.  He stroked the blonde man’s back through his soft long sleeve shirt as he sobbed.  It was just like Steve had done for him the day before.
“You don’t know that you need to do that.” said Tony, “Maybe you should take a little more time to yourself before you jump into something new.  Who knows, they might even say you can keep your job.”
Bracing against the blonde with his good arm around his waist, Tony started to move.  Moans started to pour out of Steve straight away.
“I also want to see you more.” added Tony, “Ya know,  in general.”
“Goodnight.” came Bucky’s voice against the back of Steve’s neck, his arms encircling the blonde man’s waist.
They smirked softly at each other, continuing their dinner.
Tony had been nagging him about figuring out what to do about Bucky since his lease would be up soon and the moving arrangements would have to go forward.  Plus, Tony had already bought the California king size bed for the two of them and was sleeping in that giant thing alone every night.
Never before had Bucky been so demanding with him.  This was all so new yet familiar.  (And incredibly hot.)
Bucky smirked a little and examined his pain stricken face, “Oh, I see.”
Steve was handed a flute of champagne, Tony was holding one too.  “Are we toasting to something-” Steve started to say, stopping when he noticed something at the bottom of his glass.
“Yeah.” sighed Bucky against his hair, hugging him tighter.  “I know how that feels.”
“Yes, Mom.” he laughed, pacing a little around the bed.
Pepper was giving him a look, telling him without words to not fuck this up.  It was business, but Tony didn’t care. He would stand up to the U.S. fucking Army.
“Medium black coffee please.” Steve replied, sliding her $5 and telling her to keep the change as she slid the beverage to him.
As the two men nibbled at their small plates with chopsticks, they made funny faces at each other.  There was K-Pop music blasting from the front of the empty dining room, so they didn’t know what to make of it.
Would this situation delay his moving in with Tony?
The two men went through the jobs listed online on Bucky’s new phone.
Steve kissed and licked on his neck while his hand gripped harder.
Rhodey tightened his lips into a hard line and nodded.
“Yum!” Steve said dreamily, letting his friend practically carry him off the dance floor.  They went out into the street and caught a cab.
“Yes you are, my little history nerd.” Tony said happily.
Looking at him through the window into the kitchen with puffy glazed eyes, Steve took another big sip of scotch.  “It’s because of Tony.”
He started shoving towels into the washer, making as much noise as possible to subtly let Bucky know he was home.  Steve even started to hum a song to himself as his thoughts ran wild.
Steve was listening to a sad Sia song from his headphones that were so loud it could be heard from a small distance.  He was leaning against a wall next to a tower of his moving boxes, staring down at an old photo album in his hands.
“In a way, yes.” Bucky nodded.  “Me too.” said Steve, smiling at the both of them.  Tony put a standup comedy special on TV.  The three of them watched it, laughing and smiling together.  Things finally seemed normal, like they were going to be okay.
“I’m done.  I told you let me know if I’m being too nosey!  I just wanted to understand what happened.”
Tony’s mouth hung open.  He looked hurt.
Suddenly Bucky said “You took the news of my relationship better than Marco did, believe it or not.”
Bucky groaned, “When I get home tonight, let me sleep here, in the bed with you.”
Not a second passed before Steve leapt forward to connect their lips.
When Bucky was alone once again, he definitely felt more calm than he had in weeks.  He’s so relaxed, that even when his sister video calls Bucky to bitch about her life, he listens attentively and it doesn’t phase him a bit.
Steve looked away, trying not to cry.
sex.  I was just...worried you’d not want to see me ever again, or so soon anyway.”
Without another word, Tony started to dip down to his knees.  Steve’s breath caught at the sight, especially since his cock was still hard and red, standing straight up.  When Tony leaned his face closer, it was almost as big as his entire head.  He gave a few gentle long licks up the shaft, causing Steve to sigh and stare down at him with his jaw hanging open.
“Tell you?”  Steve interrupted, “You were at the conference, Tony.  I didn’t want to distract you.  I was planning to talk to you about it now.  I didn’t think they would contact you yet.”
“I have to find a new job!” Steve said, “I don’t want to rely on Tony taking care of me forever and I have no idea what I am good at other than being in the Army.”
Bucky nodded against his chest but eventually succumbed to more sobs.
“That sardine can?  Please don’t.”
“Let’s go.” Bucky said happily into his ear, “We’ll have meatball sandwiches when we get home.”
“It was just because you were partying with me.” Bucky told him softly, “It probably just felt like old times.  We had a lot of fun, your intoxicated brain got caught up in the moment.”
While they had good sex (though predictable) and they both did get to cum...it was just kind of disappointing.  Steve even started to feel embarrassed for asking a few times for something he maybe didn’t want to do.
Bucky cleared his throat, “Then the second time I came to him,  I was upset and crying.  Madison had said some fucked up shit to me.  I literally ran into his arms.  He kissed ME that night...for like 3 hours.”
They shook hands, Tony then yelled “Sweetheart, you can come out!”
“I’m not applicable.” Frank told them, seeming embarrassed as well as irritated, “Recently got put in M&D.”
“Yeah, Natasha is kind of a new friend.” replied Bucky.
Bucky grabbed a receipt he had just printed and grabbed a clipboard and pen, “Do you want me to tell him to fuck off, Nat?”
“I’ll be there.  I’ll try and come running with you guys this week too.”
Frank had his hands in his deep, seemingly full pockets.  In a paranoid sort of way, the taller man looked around him to check for other people.  Frank stared at the security camera outside and in the corner of the lobby.  He shifted his hands so they were low and hidden.
Bucky was gnawing on his lip, “Nothing…”
A surprised look appeared on his face, “What do you mean?”
“Sounds like it’s dinner time.” smiled Steve, nuzzling his nose gently against his cheek.
Bucky sighed, “That’s a long story.  I might be too tired to go into detail about that just yet.”
“How do you know that?” said Bucky softly.
Even if he was attracted to her, doesn’t mean he wants to date her or anything.
“You know that I’m right.” said Bucky.
She asked what it was about, so he described the dream in detail.  “I think I know what that could mean.” Natasha wrote.
“Not sleeping alone must help too,” Bucky added, “with the nightmares.”
Tony threw his hands in the air, “What do you want me to do?  Sit around and wait for something you agreed to weeks ago?  Want me to just go back to sleeping in my lab so I don’t have to think about how much I miss you every night?  It’s worse than before Bucky even showed up.”
The man was in a dark brown trench coat, staring at his phone.  He had a brunette buzzcut and was peering around carefully, glancing once at Tony and then back at his phone.
Bucky let out an exasperated huff and tipped his head to the side to lean it on the couch.  “Knew this was coming.”
Neither of them seemed to be in any hurry to leave, both just sort of lingering and puttering around the suite, touching each other, kissing, once, just randomly dancing in a swirl around the bedroom, laughing like teenagers.  Steve kept finding reasons to touch him, Tony noticed, like he couldn’t quite help himself, and Tony found himself doing the same once he seemed to have Steve’s tacit permission. Since Afghanistan, most of the people Tony let touch him had been doing it for one medical reason or another, and for Steve, Tony could imagine where the wariness came from whenever someone wanted to touch him, so for both of them, this newfound freedom with each other seemed to have opened up a deep well of aching need to touch and be touched, and they both grappled for every opportunity.
Bucky was mouthing “
“I—I’m sorry.  I wasn’t expecting…you just caught me off-guard, that’s all,” Tony said, looking down at the black box in his lap.  “I’m not—I told you, I’m not good with gifts.  It’s really…it’s…this is…”  he stopped, opening up the box, really looking at what he was holding, seeing something other than a not-Rolex for the first time.
“What was he like?  Back at his parents, when you met him?” Steve asked.
Complete.
“No, you didn’t.  You don’t—” Tony started, then broke off.  “I need to know that you will obey me. Even if you don’t understand the reasons for it.  You have to trust me.”
, Tony had said.  Of course.  Steve knew that.  Knew that Howard had collected memorabilia.  Tony’d mentioned that ages ago, back when things were still stilted between them and war bond posters managed to somehow be hurtful to both of them.  Why hadn’t he thought of that?  No, instead, his mind had immediately started thinking maybe Tony kept the Captain America poster because…well, because of the same reason he had a sketchbook full of drawings of Tony’s hands, Tony’s eyes, the curve of Tony’s jawline…
Steve let out a low chuckle.  “I used to get the just out of date stuff from the little grocer on campus.  Had an in with the night manager,” Steve confessed, swiping a hand over his mouth with the admission.  “One time, it was just a bunch of pickles.”
“He sounds like someone I would have liked very much to know,” Tony replied, his voice rough and deep with emotion.  He meant it, Steve knew. Once, the thought would have horrified him, but now, it just rang in his chest, a discordant thump of pain and longing for the impossible. They would have gotten along, Steve thought with a strange sort of certainty.
“Please. Please, Tony,” Steve managed to choke out between gasping breaths.
Helicarrier Steve rocked forward once, then slowly pulled out, letting Tony clean his cock off of the last bits of come.  He rested the head on Tony’s bottom lip, and petted a hand through Tony’s hair as Tony licked the tip clean, tongue curling and swirling around the slit.
“Car’s almost here,” Steve said, the words whipping warm air against the side of Tony’s head, just above his ear.  A shiver ran up Tony’s spine and settled at the base of his neck like a drop of water so hot it felt cold.
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and hit the button.
Tony looked at him a long moment, then reached up and cupped his hands on either side of Steve’s jaw.  Steve couldn’t help but lean in, seeking the warmth and pressure, the solidity that Tony always provided.
Steve drew his mouth back long enough to trace two fingers between the crevice of Tony’s ass, then wrapped his slickened hand around Tony’s cock, where it twitched in agony against his stomach, before going back to sucking at Tony’s hole while his tongue worked its way deeper and deeper.
“Oh,” Steve responded flatly.  “Ah, Tony, I’m sorry.  I know this was important to you,” he said, pulling a face and walking over to Tony. Before Tony quite knew what was happening, he was enveloped in a warm hug, his face pressed against the curve of Steve’s neck.
Relief washed over Tony, loosening the tight grip of panic around his chest.  His eyes stung as he blinked back the dryness. Yeah, that was it, he told himself.  His whole body felt jittery and boneless, suffused with a sudden rush of nervous energy that lighted over his skin.  There was a bitter, metallic tang in the back of his throat that he recognized as adrenaline as he swallowed it back. He was shaking.  He couldn’t seem to stop. It didn’t matter.
“Threatened, mostly,” Howard replied with a laugh and stood up to give Stane a quick hug, then realized his mistake when the motion sent his drink sloshing over his sleeve. The bottle went to Howard, hummed and nodded.
“You should just change your voicemail to, ‘I can’t come to the phone right now because I have my tongue down Tony Stark’s throat.’  It would clear up a lot,” Bucky suggested.
“I really do need to meet with Rhodey.   He needs to hear what you told me last night,” Tony told him, leaning over to place a quick kiss on Steve’s arm.
Tony sat back down in the chair and studied him, then closed his eyes again, and let his head sink back for a moment.  He stared at the ceiling, eyes wide and unseeing. Finally, Tony took a shuddering breath and swiped a hand over his face, chest heaving and breath coming in a harsh, wet shudder. Only then did Steve notice the gleam of dampness on Tony’s cheeks.  Tony looked down at him, shook his head, and a terrible, broken expression worked its way onto his face as if it struggled forth from some place behind his eyes.
“Well, see, that was where Obie was coming from, is what I’m saying,” Tony said.  “He didn’t want me to…have to deal with that, because…”  Steve was watching him.  No, looking at him.  Looking hard.  Studying him.  Appraising.  His eyes were a dark, deep blue, half-lidded as his gaze raked over Tony, different than before. Different than usual, when Steve was noticing things, the way he did.  This was…it felt like if he moved, it would be because Steve willed it.  Because Steve wanted it. And that was, God, he wanted to just fall into that feeling and stay there for however long he could.
“What’s that?” Steve asked, curious.
“Nguh?” Tony asked, teeth clacking together as he pushed all the way down again, feeling Steve fill him.
It still didn’t seem possible, but he’d slowly watched the evidence build until he couldn’t ignore it any longer, which was why he’d gone to Rhodey and Matt in the first place.  The insane scheme he and Rhodey cooked up brought them to Vegas, dangling the new arc reactor tech Obie wanted so very badly in front of Batroc like a worm on a hook.
“So….” Tony said speculatively, drawing out the word.  “Short conversation, then?”  Steve looked over at him, then went back to looking out the car window.  Tony watched his jaw tighten, a thin line of muscle beating out a steady rhythm.  “Dad fill you in on everything wrong with me?”
“I know you,” Tony replied.  “Better than you would have me know you, I think.  Your feelings are often as easy to discern as if reading that book laying open over there.  You are many things, but easily fooled is not one of them.  You would never have done that—what Hammer had you do--had you not truly feared for the boy’s safety,” Tony said.
The bed rocked underneath him, and strong hands pulled his hips up.  A hand around his neck, soft, comforting.  Held, he thought.  It ran down his spine, then up again, and his back arched to meet it.  Tony sighed, closed his eyes, then opened them again, taking in the scene in the mirror.  Steve behind him, one hand on Tony’s hip to keep him steady.  One hand guiding his cock towards Tony’s entrance.  He was loose.  He could feel that much.  But, when the head of Steve’s shaft breached him, his body protested with a slow, stretching burn that made him feel like he was filling up and coming apart at the same time.  Pain and pleasure warred, and for a second, his brain didn’t seem able to figure out what to do, and then Steve pushed past the ring of muscle, slowly pressing in until he was buried to the hilt.
“Ah, Pot, our color is black,” Tony said, shooting Steve a challenging look as Happy swerved the car though afternoon traffic.  He pulled out his phone and checked his messages.  A missed call from Rhodey.  Twelve from Pepper, mostly about the press mentions, one about a stock swap that probably wasn’t going to happen, and one reminding him that she had arranged dinner for he and Steve tonight.  “Pep’s got dinner for us at Robuchon’s place at the Grand,” Tony told him.  “Then a champagne thing in a private pod on the High Roller.  Should be some good press. Lots of photo opportunities.”
“Not you,” Tony said, though it came out more of a smash of vowels and consonants, like someone had emptied a bag of Scrabble tiles and dared him to try to pronounce it.  “Dart,” he managed.  “Drugged.”
“Tony,” Steve said again. “You’re too close to this.  You’d see it, otherwise.”
“Most do,” Tony said.  “In their defense, I’m a lot to handle.  Ah, sorry, there’s a message here on the Avengers line.  I need to check in.  I’ll just,” he said, pointing at an alcove by the restroom.
“Going to report it to Fury?” Steve asked.
“Well, why the hell didn’t you say something? God, you were so annoyingly reasonable about things,” Tony grumbled, his hands tightening around Steve’s waist.
, Steve.  I’m ready, I’m ready, come on, Steve, please, please, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, God, please,” Tony chanted under his breath, his eyes rolled back to the ceiling.  Steve curled his fingers and pressed around until he found the small nub of nerves, then rubbed the pads against it.  Tony keened out a high-pitched wail and squirmed, calves coming up to clench at Steve’s hand.  Steve added a third and started thrusting in and out in earnest, sometimes hitting that spot again, sometimes coming just close enough for Tony to feel it.
“That’s…why I’m here,” Steve replied.
“This way, if memory serves,” Tony said, starting off towards the rocks and not his tent, as Steve had expected. Steve followed, curiosity gnawing at him, though he didn’t ask. They rounded a large rock, nearly taller than the tallest palm, and then down a steep, twisting path that cut a narrow gorge through the rocks themselves, weaving even in between a boulder that appeared to have been cut nearly clean through by some great disturbance who knew how long ago. The path itself was well-worn though, Steve saw, as if thousands of footfalls had traversed it over the years.
“You can put that down now,” Tony told him, nodding at the shield in Steve’s hand.  Steve looked dumbly down at it, having momentarily forgotten he was holding it.  He forced his fingers to peel off their grip on the leather straps and let it fall to the side, then dragged his eyes back to Tony.  “Good. That’s good, Steve.  Now, you’re a mess, my soldier.  We can’t have that, can we?  Clean yourself up,” Tony said.  For a moment, Steve just blinked up at him in confusion.  He looked around for a cloth or something to use, then, seeing nothing, started to reach up to wipe his face with his hand.  “Not like that,” Tony said, sounding mildly amused, though his eyes darkened then.  “My seed belongs in you.  Now.  Clean yourself up.”
After their match, Steve showered for the second time that day and changed into his usual khakis and the blue plaid shirt he thought Tony liked the best.   Or at least hated the least.  He’d decided while tossing Clint to the mat that he had to talk this thing out with Tony, if for no other reason than he couldn’t let Tony think he’d spent the night with someone when that wasn’t true.  Not if there was some possibility that was hurtful to Tony.  That would be cruel and selfish of him to let Tony think that just because he was afraid if he said something, it would turn out he was wrong and Tony would just offer to help set him up with someone.  He scrubbed a hand over his face and patted a non-existent wrinkle out of his shirt.  He realized he was taking more care with his appearance than he did preparing for battle, but found the comparison somehow oddly comforting.  If he could think of this as a mission with an objective and parameters of success, he would probably get through it a lot easier.
He took his time, making sure to get as much debris cleaned away from the area as he could before placing a few other strips in place over the ripped skin.  When he pressed against them, small bubbles of red appeared, but not as much as he worried he might see.  Tony’s eyes drooped closed, but he otherwise kept quiet and blessedly still while Steve finished up his attempt at a bandage.  Even though he’d been the one to tell Tony to keep still, the suddenness of it unnerved him, like all the oxygen had left the room.  He blinked against the feeling, waiting for it to pass before he finished up.
“We’ve got this for now,” Natasha said.
“Always, Sir,” JARVIS replied.
“Sorry,” Steve said over his shoulder.  He didn’t sound sorry, Tony noticed.  Coulson noticed, too, but just craned his neck towards the damaged railing with a speculative look.
“And what do you think he taught you so well?” Steve asked carefully, though Tony flinched nonetheless.
Thank you to everyone who has been so supportive of this story.  I really appreciate it.  Hope you enjoy this chapter.
Covi’s camera captured a delighted grin spreading over Steve’s face.
He tried Bucky’s number one more time, with exactly the same result, so chalked it up to temporary insanity.  Behind him, he heard the balcony doors open.
“It is, indeed, Your Highness,” General Ross responded with a nod. “I appreciate General Rhodes’ concern for your well-being, of course, but the Chitauri haven’t dared the Red Wastes in over a decade. Of course, there are others, as General Rhodes argues, but the Ring tribes are far too busy fighting amongst themselves to pose any real threat. Besides, even if they thought to provoke us, they wouldn’t dare challenge the Ul’s authority. And once we show them the might of the Jerak’ho, I have little doubt that any designs they may have had about repeating their attempts at the incursions of old will fade away entirely. It’s a delicate balance out here, Your Highness, I’ll grant General Rhodes that, but I would not have invited you did I not think I could guarantee your safety.”
“I have them, too. The dreams,” Tony said after a pause.  His face scrunched up around the words, as if he didn’t care for how they tasted in his mouth.  “The water.  They used a bucket, pushed my head in it just long enough for it to feel like I was going to explode if I didn’t get air, and I’d open my mouth and swallow just enough water to feel like I was drowning.”
“If the walls went to points, somewhat like a star, but with two faces and two flanks,” Steve began, the words picking up speed as he went.  “Fire from the flanks could protect the curtain wall and the adjacent bastions.  Plus, if you made the walls of the points flat, rather than curved or angled, you could fire from there and eliminate the dead zone in front of your towers that an enemy could slip a cannon under.”
“How do you know?” Steve asked.
Tony privately thought giving orders made Steve feel better when he worried, like that time when Tony was almost involved in that crazy stuff down on that freeway in D.C. with that crazy terrorist dude shooting at cars and taking out a city bus.  That had been cool.  Okay, not—destruction of property was not cool, but Actual Fucking Captain America showed up, and
“I feel like there’s a learning the facts of life pun that I’m missing here, and it pains me, quite frankly,”  Tony whined.  “Besides, I’m not mocking your hatchback.  I loved that car. Next to Steve, best ride I ever had.”
Tony’s entire body exploded with pleasure and a deep, hot, throbbing need.  He drew his legs up, toes curling into the soft furs beneath him. He couldn’t process it all, not at once.  It was like drowning and coming up for air. His throat worked, trying to swallow, and his breaths were coming in sharp, short pants, chest heaving with the effort.  Sweat soaked his skin. He wanted, he wanted, he wanted so, so much, but he didn’t know quite what, just more.
“Ooooh, he’s a pretty one, isn’t he?  Thought Tony liked them a little rougher around the edges, if you know what I mean,” Hammer said, raising his eyebrows and pulling his mouth into a moue of false distaste.  “He ask you to hold him down, get a little rough?  I hear he likes that.  Or he did when Stone was around. God, those were good times, weren’t they?”
“So, after class, I figure, we can grab a bite to eat.  Want to hit the student union for old time's sake?” Tony prodded.  “Don’t answer now,” Tony amended quickly when Steve remained steadfastly silent.  “Give it some thought. Good idea.  Take your time.”
He stopped in front of the steps up to the double doors at the entrance to Steve’s building.  His shoes were wet from sloshing through the brown melt, and the bottoms of his pants’ legs were spattered with a spray of the stuff, but he was here.  He didn’t want to be here, but he was, if for no other reason than that Steve didn’t get to have that kind of power over him, not now, anyway.  Not anymore.
“Hmmm,” the King murmured as he untied the knotted fabric at Steve’s waist and let it fall to the floor.  “I don’t know if you mean that. Well.  Part of you clearly means it,” the King snickered, then smiled, that soft one that lit up his face and drained away the years.  “You are, rightly, perhaps, upset over last night?  If it’s any consolation, that might have been my least well thought out punishment, since I think I suffered as much as you.  No?  You don’t think so, huh?” the King teased, even as he wrapped his hand around Steve’s cock and gave it a pull.  “You were so gorgeous, begging me for release like that.  I should have you touch yourself like that all day for me,” the King suggested mildly.  Steve groaned at the King’s words, both horrified and inexplicably aroused, his hips bucking into the King’s hand, seeking the warm friction that was promised there.  “We’d start slow, like this, and I’d have you work your way up, then stop.  Take the edge off, let you come down, and then we’d start again and again.”
“Thanks, James,” Steve said.
--behind his memories.  Not behind. Under. The Under Memories, Steve thought, as he followed the path of the word as it trailed into his mind, the way one might follow a will-o’-the-wisp through the forest.  There, he thought, almost time, and he looked right through the blue light, and there was--there was...Tony.
“I’m not,” Tony said, looking away.  His hands came up to rub at his upper arms. Steve wanted to hug him, but wasn’t sure he could let go if he did. And he had to let go.  Of this Tony. Of his Tony. Of everything. “You make me sound like some kind of hero, and I’m not. Like, at all. I’m,” he stopped, raking a hand through his hair. “I’m a mess, to be honest.”
“I say go,” Anto pointed out.  “You no go.”
“Oh my God, there you are, thank fuck, Steve, you scared me half to death,” Tony shouted as he barreled through the door.  “Is it—is it now? It is, isn’t it. It’s happening. Shit. Friday, a bit of mood lighting. Eh, not too much. There, that’s good,” Tony said, sinking to his knees next to Steve.
“We really didn’t mean to intrude on your party,” Rhodey said from next to him.  “I think it’s best if we just got what we came for and left, if it’s all the same.”
“I’m not a soldier anymore,” Steve corrected, because for some reason he couldn’t fathom, that seemed important.  “I told you, I wanted this.” Tony smiled up at him, wild, wicked, beautiful--so beautiful.  “And I don’t know if I.  I mean, I’m not sure if--ooooh, fuck, Tony, that’s--ah-ah-ah--oh!” Steve stammered, his body quaking as Tony pushed three slick fingers inside his waiting hole.
He was suddenly ridiculously aware of Steve, drinking him in like a dying man stumbling through the desert.  Alpha, his mind sang, some internal chant that blasted through his veins and into his heart, making it thump against his chest and ring in his ears, the way an engine starts up.  Zero to sixty in 3.9 seconds, Tony thought somewhat hysterically, shifting back and forth on his feet while he watched Steve’s eyes dart to Tony and then over his shoulder towards the garage.  Steve cleared his throat, drawing Tony’s attention, then nodded his head a fraction towards where Jarvis was standing.
“Then it got complicated,” Steve said.
“Yeah,” Steve said flatly.  “Peggy…Margaret Carter.  She’s still alive.  Did you know that?  Lives in Arlington.”
“Why don’t you open it up and see?” Coulson suggested.
“How he is with me?” Steve repeated, blinking in confusion, though he wasn’t sure if he was still sluggish from whatever concoction of drugs Bruce had come up with or just the fact that nothing Bruce was saying made much sense.
“One of the votes is really for you, though, so.  If you, you know, had a preference.  Ellis seems decent enough, I guess,” Steve observed, brow crinkling into a frown that was frustratingly adorable.  Steve looked a bit like he wanted to bang the photos of the candidates into the table, crinkle the paper up and put it back together until he got a pattern he liked better.  Like giving a toddler a Rubik’s cube.  “Says he’s gotten some endorsements from the Chamber of Commerce, industry groups, that kind of thing.  Might be good for SI.”
Tony was probably grinning like a maniacal fool by Steve’s odd look, but he didn’t care.  This was Steve, his Steve, maybe more than he had been since Loki got his Wicked on.  It crossed his mind, fleeting and almost too quick to catch, that maybe Steve needed him to right himself as much as he needed Steve, one unable to quite balance with the other.  “You kind of want to go back to the Tower and take it down, don’t you?”
Fury sighed deeply and massaged his forehead with his hand for a moment before answering. “We found Captain America.  In the ice.  The Arctic.  He’s alive and he’s here.  Five floors below us,” Fury said evenly, staring at Tony.
“Promises, promises,” Tony mumbled, then threw Steve a grin and bent his head to take Steve’s nipple in his mouth.
He had also had worse days. So, there was that.
“Okay, wait, so…you’re saying that intel, the information that kept me from becoming Lot’s wife out there, came from my stripper-fake-husband?” Tony demanded, sitting up on the bed and catching his reflection in the mirror.  His face was ashen in the darkness of the room and the hand that clutched the phone was white-knuckled.  Bleached bones, Tony thought and felt a shiver run down his spine and coil low in his stomach, cold seeping through his skin.
“God, you smell good.  Say yes, and I’ll give you what you want, Steve. What we both want.  In time, you will forget all of this, and I will be nothing more than a whisper in the back of your mind, but for me...I’m damned either way, but give me this night, that’s all I ask.  Invite me in, Steve,” he urged, his eyes locked on Steve’s.  “Say yes, and give me this night.  One night to last an eternity.”
Even his parents, who, clearly had his best interests at heart, promised he'd feel so much calmer, more relaxed. That he'd feel—
Letting out a frustrated sigh, he pulled his phone out and checked the time again.  It was almost an hour since Brock left him at the quarter slots and went to find them drinks, and twenty minutes since Steve gave up waiting and went to look for him.  He’d run out of quarters, anyway.
“I guess this is what you wanted to talk to me about,” Steve said in a tight, clipped tone.  “Is there something else about all this you want to get off your chest? Or did you want to wait until we slept together again for that one?”
“Tomorrow,” Tony said.  “Tomorrow, I will relinquish my Claim to you. And that shall be the end of it.  No more sleep-walking. No more voice in your head calling you to my thrall,” he paused, just slightly, “And no more dreams.”
“I bought a company today because the guy there was mean to you, so.  Yeah, I’m—having the feelings,” Tony replied, the words wobbling a bit on the end.
“Fine,” Tony replied.  He sucked in a breath, then, after a moment’s hesitation, shoved open the door and got out.
“Spread yourself for me, Tony,” Steve repeated.  “Let me see you.”
“So, just to be sure, everyone is Team Keep Him?” Tony asked, looking around.
Steve gave his head a shake, then headed for the door.  Allen waited by the car with a phone to his ear, which he quickly turned off and dropped in his pocket as Steve approached.
Stomach rumbling, Steve shrugged off his outer robe and discarded the veil, then walked over to the oaken table and started piling food from the tray onto a plate.  The fertile lands of the Greenway meant all manner of fruits, vegetables, breads and meats, and its kitchens seemed determined to win some kind of unspoken competition with those back at the Castle.  Every dish was extraordinary. According to Tony, last night’s dinner at the High Table had featured a roast boar stuffed with sweet meats and root vegetables and a fluffy pastry cooked into the shape of a swan.
“Me?  God, no!” Tony winced.  “Not that anyone has ever brought to my attention, and I’m sure they would have.” A stab of relief in Steve’s gut punctuated Tony’s words.  He knew from Cam that Zola made sure the female concubines took certain medications on a strict schedule, but he had wondered. Not that it should matter to him.  Still. He couldn’t deny that he felt it. Tony leaned down and captured Steve’s lips in a searing kiss. “Good morning,” he said again, smiling.
“Sorry,” the same man said again.  “Lens cap.  Go again.”
“I ask again, since I still haven’t gotten an answer: Is no one else a tad concerned that the ‘fridge isn’t one from the Tower? Because I am,” Clint shouted from the kitchen. “After the thing with the Slurpee machine?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw the King reach over to a small pot on the bed that was warming over a low-burning flame and dip his hand into it.  Then, the King moved behind him again and lifted the metal strands up until they gathered at Steve’s waist.  His hands smoothed over the curve of Steve’s ass with soft strokes, before cupping the cheeks and spreading him apart.  Cool air hit his exposed flesh, making him shiver.  He felt a light touch to the rim of his hole and couldn’t help tensing.  He bit his lip and tried to force himself to relax to no avail.
“Do you know what happens to people who touch what is mine?” Tony asked in a deceptively casual voice.
“We’ll just be the devastatingly handsome couple others aspire to be.  Our lot in life,” Tony shrugged. “Shall we?” he asked, turning to the side and offering up his elbow.
This amazing fanart was done by the super-talented ironfries.  Check out their tumblr at ironfries.tumblr.com and ironfries-art.tumblr.com for info about commissions.
That was when a low, whining sound filled Steve’s ears a second before a flash of light erupted in front of him and Brock… Brock just sort of flew backwards and into the wall behind the stairs, slumping down right next to a box of old magazines someone had left out.  There were shouts from below, followed by the same noise and burst of light, and then Rollins was thrown down to the tiled floor vestibule, where he slid all the way into the door and rattled it in its frame.  Mitchell and Griffin looked on in horror, then turned to look up at where Steve and Tony stood on the steps.
