“The deal I was prepared to offer Mary is now off the table,” Mycroft said, shifting back in his chair. “She will be going to prison. As such, she has opted to contact the child’s father. David is with them now. Apparently he plans to move in with his sister—she is divorced and doesn’t have any children of her own.”
John’s fingers withdrew and rough twill rubbed up against Sherlock’s bare legs. Booted feet nudged his bare ones out to spread his legs even further and lower his stance. Missing fingers were replaced with the tip of John’s cock. The blunt head rubbed over Sherlock’s quivering hole before pressing in.
They were standing at the far end of the main runway at London City Airport. The remains of a body had been discovered in the early morning hours—it had been reported by a commuter pilot as “refuse” at the end of the approach. Sherlock was crouched over the largest section of the corpse with his pocket magnifier.
“Don’t care. I’m fed up to the back teeth with carrots and celery,” Greg grumped, his voice rough. “I know he means well, but my midwife is mental. I’m nearly forty-five years old and I’m healthy as a horse—if I want to put on a few pounds while I’m breeding, then tough tits.”
“Doesn’t have to be like this,” Sherlock mumbled.
“Well, it wasn’t about this flat!” Mary countered. “As you can hear, we’re not making any undue noise here.”
“I need to make a phone call.”
Sherlock shrugged and reached for his coat. “Not much, but he likes to keep his hand in.”
Sherlock held John’s hand firmly, fingers entwined. He was feeling ever so slightly sentimental as he contemplated the simple titanium band around John’s left ring finger—an exact match for the one on his own hand. “Would it make you feel better if I told you that we are estranged?”
A hand wound itself into the wool of John’s jumper. Sherlock’s breathing was still erratic; John’s was no better. Adrenaline was now giving way to something much more carnal. They stared at one another, noses nearly touching, breathing each other’s air. Sherlock inched forward and paused, waiting for John’s consent.
He came back to himself at the sound and feel of John littering his back and bottom with kisses, whispering praises into the skin. John unlocked the cuffs and massaged Sherlock's wrists a little.
He moved to cover himself, but John caught his hands.
“I’m so glad,” Michael said softly. He glanced back to the cottage as the front door opened. “Ah! And now let’s see if we can find you your dream country escape here in East Dean.”
Sherlock’s head fell back. “I have to…please. I—oh, god, oh, god, oh god!!!”
“The Woman? But she was just a fascinating diversion. Perhaps the most interesting of her kind, but still just a diversion.”
He crawled over Sherlock’s body, unwilling to waste time with foreplay. Not tonight. Sherlock had, very helpfully, bent his arms and kept his hands at shoulder height on the mattress. John clasped one wrist in each hand and pinned Sherlock down as he licked a path across his chest. Sherlock bit his lip as John flicked his tongue over one nipple.
“Evening, Sherlock,” John said cheerfully.
“I remember, Sherlock,” he whispered. “So now you have to wake up. I-I have no idea what we’re going to do, but you have to wake up.”
John tried to reach for any happy memory that might at least stem the tide of his anguish. He conjured the lab at Bart's on the day they met. He'd known instantly. He had. He just hadn't been able to admit it in time. And then it was too late. And then it wasn't.
“Yes”
Sherlock started to pace, circling the room and its occupants. “He wanted you to destroy John, even if I died. He hated me that much.”
Sherlock picked up the menu. “It’s fine. We’ve eaten here before and we talk to each other all the time. Shouldn’t be too difficult.”
“That was never it,” John continued. “I’ve loved you for as long as I can remember, really. And I’ve wanted you for ages.”
“Yes. Sorry.”
Kit giggled. “Daddy!”
Sherlock tensed as his came, fingers digging into John’s body to hold him snug. He closed his eyes to savour the waves of pleasure coursing through him, until John joined him moments later.
“Exactly. Yes,” Francine chuckled. She turned and began leading them out of the station toward the car park. “Sorry. Bit star-struck. Isn’t every day you meet a world-famous detective duo!”
John eased forward as gently as he could, struggling against the rocking of the train. Sherlock tried to press back into him, but John grasped the narrow hips firmly and held him in place.
“Just passing the time,” he said, gazing down at John. “And proving a point.”
“Hello, what’s going on in here?” Will asked. “What have you been doing to my son-in-law, hmmm?”
“Of a sort.”
John leapt to his feet and swung Kit up into his arms. They joined the other two in the silly, giggly fun. And they were still at it ten minutes later when a booming voice called to them from the doorway.
“John…”
“That’s right.”
“Hmm? Oh. No, this is number three,” he said with a fond smile, glancing down at the slight swell which was only just beginning to make itself known. He rubbed his belly and sighed. “Which is part of the reason I restrict my time with the practice.”
Several minutes later, John was still sticky and sweaty but slightly more coherent. And the reality of his situation began to settle in.
“A pensioned soldier? A man who’d loyally served Queen and country?” Sherlock said. “Who better?”
Sherlock bit his bottom lip and pressed in. John felt a thigh brush up and against his own. “It is morning, after all.”
“But you — you’re amazing,” John breathed. He traced a thumb over Sherlock’s mouth. “Brilliant and fearless and so very, very beautiful.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said quickly, looking a bit bewildered. “Right. Yes. I-I apologize. Of course you need time to think about everything. There is plenty of time for you to decide if you would be able to work alongside me in this venture.”
“You’re not shocked?”
“Tell me.”
At length, John slid Sherlock between his lips and sucked him into the wet heat of his mouth. He used his tongue to caress as the shaft slid home, and when he pulled back only to plunge back down again.
“John, I’m so sorry,” Sherlock started. His voice was shaky with emotion. “I’m so sorry for what happened, for what my actions caused—and Christopher! I didn’t know. I didn’t know. I would have tried to find another way—”
“Well, that certainly didn’t hurt,” Sherlock offered, watching John carefully.
“Handsome,” Sherlock said firmly, sliding his hand across the table to squeeze John’s.
“You’re a freak,” Donovan snapped. “I don’t know what you’re getting out of this, but it’s not normal.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered brokenly. “Oh, god, what have they done to you?”
The text was brief:
“So, to be clear,” Greg started, retrieving his ice cream from the van parked at the edge of the middle entrance to St. James’s Park off Birdcage Walk. “We’re not telling the midwives about this?”
“But we have to focus on Magnussen right now. As long as he’s a threat to her, we’ll never get to the rest. So, yes, I believe Mary has been in contact with him. She needs this to go away so she can continue with her mission.” Sherlock resumed his pacing. “Back to today: I’m sure Magnussen will suspect a set up, but what I’m planning might be enough. Mary’s been negotiating with him on her own, though of course she’s had nothing to bargain with. She’ll be all too happy to let him know that I have in fact betrayed Mycroft as a trade-off for her past.”
______________________________
The fairy lights were still lit, though the other lamps had been switched off. The food and drinks had been cleared away. Most importantly, there was still no sign of Jeanette.
She smiled at them both. “You’re both very healthy. There are no reasons why you can’t get pregnant.”
“Well…” Molly started.
The porter regarded them with mild disapproval—for their lack of planning—before checking John’s ticket. “Oh, well, you’re all right,” he said with a thick Welsh accent. “You’re in a twin berth, anyway. I’ll send someone down with the machine once everyone’s settled.”
“Sir?”
She turned on her heel and stomped away. Sherlock sniffed, as much to signal his disinterest in her comments as in deference to the cold. He stood and tugged his scarf tighter about his neck.
“Hmmm?” Mary looked a bit puzzled as she led John deeper into the flat. “Oh, Margo. Oh, let’s not worry about that right now.”
That's it, folks! This was a bit of a whirlwind, but I hope you enjoyed it anyway :) Remember, if you ever want to ask me anything or tell me anything, you can find me on tumblr (as northray). Cheers!
Greg’s eyes widened. “Oh my god! You mean…”
John stared at the cane in his hand — his hand that no longer shook — and smiled to himself. Sherlock was so very often right, especially where John was concerned. He’d insisted from that very first night that he would “cure” John’s limp, and that the hand tremors would dissipate once John was “back in action.”
There was another good kick and he moaned.
“It’s all done now,” John said gently. “All done. I’m right inside you now. Shhhh…we’ll go slow. Easy…”
“What about me?”
“This is —
“More,” Sherlock demanded. “Faster.”
“Alphas don’t have to be butch arseholes who worry only about spreading their seed.”
“I’m happy to do whatever I can.”
He winked at John once more, and then he was gone.
John frowned. “I haven’t considered it. We have a lot of work to do, and she is a colleague.”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted. “Sister!” he hissed. He shook his head and sighed. “There’s always something.”
“Girlfriend?”
It was a reminder of a friend who had granted him a chance when few others would have believed in him, who would get up in the middle of the night to give him a lift and a pair of slippers.
He reached up, and John took the hint. He lifted the boy into his arms.
John stifled a smirk. “So you were at his office?”
Sherlock had tilted his chin up, not wanting to impede John’s tender exploration. “Just…about the bed. Being messy. And my experiment in the kitchen. And whether I might have condoms or anything. Also what the cabbie said earlier–”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Shame.”
“Are you coming, John?” Sherlock shouted, as impatient as a child. “We have a killer to catch!”
Sherlock peered at him. “Are you sure? I know these last few weeks have been difficult for you. I’ve been distant.”
be. If someone would give me the chance!”
John smiled finally and dropped his gaze. He stirred his noodles around the plate. “You were going to ask me something,” he said softly.
“I’m right here,” Sherlock said, striding back in from the bedroom. “I was gone less than a minute.”
“Crooked.”
“God,” John breathed, feeling a little swept away in spite of himself.
“Oh, it’s—we—we’ll do something, obviously. Just…Sherlock’s been busy with a case and with Lestrade’s retirement, there’s only one Yarder he really enjoys working with. Makes it a bit tougher for him.”
John frowned at him, but leaned forward in his seat to wave goodbye to their guests as the taxi pulled away. He settled into his seat once more and fixed his new, legally sanctioned bondmate with a sceptical glare. “You are a very gifted fibber when you choose to be. I know you didn’t really think I’d believe that.”
Time froze; John allowed himself to drown in the feeling of Sherlock’s body so near his own, and the feel of silky dark hair against his brow.
“No. Well, he has as many weaknesses as any ordinary man. More, perhaps.” Mycroft shifted in his seat, uncrossing his legs. “But that is not news to you.”
"Sherlock, I don't understand."
He waited—fingers picking at non-existent lint on his trousers—as John paid their driver. He followed John from the taxi and bounced on his heels as John fumbled his keys from his pocket and unlocked the door. John held the door and allowed him to enter first. Sherlock all but threw his coat at the hook on the wall and paused, twitching, at the bottom of the stairs while John finished with his own.
He observed John's fingers, splayed over the covers where they draped over his abdomen. Small, but sturdy and nimble. Steady. Hard.
“Oh, right.” Lestrade stood as well and shoved his hands in his pockets. “I didn't think he was doing much doctoring these days.”
“Hands behind your back,” John rasped.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock asked as he typed.
“Look, I don’t want to ruin tonight. I want us to have the kind of dinner we used to. Can we do that? Can tonight just be…different?”
“This is the culmination of several years’ worth of negotiation,” Mycroft replied testily. “The artist was loath to part with it. Fortunately, I was able to persuade him in time for Christmas this year.”
“No, you don’t.” John took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it. “Sherlock, this happened far too quickly. And you are very young. And you have been so opposed to the idea of love and sex until now. You weren’t ready. I couldn’t allow you to do that to yourself.”
Sherlock's eyes flickered open. “What?”
“My what?”
He had become very used to having Dr. John H. Watson around. Thinking of that ever changing…a heaviness settled in his chest and he snuck another look at the dark-haired woman in the kitchen.
He shifted and slid back down to the mattress, careful not to disturb John. He lay on his side and propped one arm under his head so he could study the man in his bed.
John grinned as he threw their bag into the back. “Well, I enjoy him. He has a wonderful voice.”
He padded across to the grey-tiled washroom. It had a modern bright white sink, glass shelves and a floor-to-ceiling shower stall—the width of the room—in lieu of a tub. He hung his clothes on the back of the door and turned the shower on, set for maximum heat. As steam began to fill the room, he discovered a gift: a discreet but well-stocked selection of toiletries.
“I’ve already told you
“Oh, nothing.”
“Daddy look!” the boy cried enthusiastically.
“What?”
John hoped it would. He had never been so sure of anything so quickly in his life.
John thought he’d nodded, but couldn’t be sure. He did find himself on his left side, though, with Sherlock behind him and his top leg caught under the knee by Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock was nuzzling at the bonding site—the touch made John’s body release another flood of slick.
“Sherlock? What about Magnussen?”
“Have a good holiday, Sherlock,” Lestrade offered with a smile.
Nearly forty minutes later, he emerged from the bathroom, towel around his hips, in a cloud of steam. While he couldn’t say he felt anything like “better,” he certainly felt more hygenic.
John winced a little at their dramatic uncoupling. He leaned back to avoid flying elbows as Sherlock struggled back into his clothes. “What’s wrong?”
“And you are all mine,” John echoed, digging his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and giving a gentle tug as he pulled Sherlock toward him for more kissing.
Sherlock hoped so. He’d taken a lot of care in choosing his outfit that afternoon, following a leisurely late breakfast and some crap telly. He’d tried several suits while John was making reservations before finally settling on classic charcoal. However he had picked the deep plum coloured shirt he was pretty sure was John’s favourite. And if he happened to have left one more button open than he normally did, what of it?
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“Granddad!” Kit piped up from his booster seat next to William and tugged on his grandparent’s sleeve. “More ‘tatoes? Please?”
“Oh, god — please!” Sherlock begged. “More. I n-need more.”
Sherlock was beginning to return to himself as John shuddered and spent against him. He wrapped both arms around John’s shoulders and drew him down into a fierce embrace. He muttered nonsense as John finished and collapsed in his arms.
When John had finally gathered his wits, he ventured to the bathroom for supplies. He returned to find Sherlock exactly as he’d left him—dazed and fucked out, spread eagle and limp-limbed. John admired the view as he climbed up beside him and began wiping him down with a warm, damp flannel.
Sherlock rushed down the aisle between the empty seats and tables, spying the one remaining server near the buffet.
“I knew I’d love Em, even before she was born, but I didn’t know it would be this strong,” Greg said gruffly. “My mum used tell me I’d understand when I had my own—that there would be a day when it wouldn’t seem so scary to put other things in my life aside for a while, for my kid.”
“Oh, god, me too,” John teased softly. “I was done for the moment I saw you. But of course you knew that, like you knew everything else.”
John sighed and kissed his way back up Sherlock’s belly as he stood. He mouthed up Sherlock’s neck to capture his lips in a searing kiss. Sherlock moaned into his mouth and wrapped both arms around his neck. He ground his naked, aching body into John’s—near desperation now.
“I would know.”
“Why don’t you come with me?” the attendant said kindly. “We’ve got a bus here where you can wait until we know more.”
“Obviously it didn’t.”
“Oh? Left it rather late, haven’t you?”
“Sh-Sherlock—oh, fuck—we shouldn’t,” John gasped. “Not here. The pathologist—”
“’Lo, Papa,” she mumbled into his neck. Spying Sherlock over her father’s shoulder, she gasped.
Not an aborted declaration of love.
“She is not.”
“Sherlock.”
It was a tedious flight following Mary’s signal at a distance, but she finally came to rest. Mycroft’s pilots landed Sherlock and John a short distance away, at the Eastbourne District General Hospital helipad.
He’d been released from hospital only two months prior and had been directed to a convalescent facility where he had a drab, cramped room overlooking Portman Square. He was still having difficulty adjusting to the impact of his injuries. His shoulder ached and probably would do so for the rest of his life. The damage done meant he would never be able to perform surgery again. His leg was — well, the doctor insisted it was “all in his head.” They could find no physical injury causing the pain that now forced him to walk with a stick.
Sherlock clung to John, soaking his omega’s clothing through with guilty tears. He would never be able to make it up to John or to their son. There was no hope of it. His aching, bruised body protested the movement, but he tightened his grip on his mate, digging his fingers into the denim of John’s jeans.
He tugged at Sherlock to follow him.
John winked at him. “Good thing, then, that you’ve got such a thick skull.”
“I am…sorry.”
John was about to glance away in shame, his cheeks feeling decidedly warm, when he further realized that the object of his attention was headed right for him…and showed no signs of slowing down.
He was certain to lose his job over this.
He hadn’t been nervous the first time. Granted, the first time around, they’d been trying for ages when it finally came down to doing a pregnancy test. This time had been slightly more spontaneous.
Something vital.
“Right,” Sherlock said, clapping his hands together. “What do we need?”
“Ta.”
John stuffed the last of his clothes in the hamper; they did far more laundry than they ever had before. Today Kit had managed to spill juice in his lap and get grubby fingerprints all over the front of his jumper. Not that he would have it any other way. Kit was happy and healthy, and John delighted in every single sticky kiss.
“Mmmmmmorning,” Sherlock growled. He brushed his knuckles over John’s cheek and let his gaze wander down over John’s outfit. “You look very nice.”
Sherlock his head violently, damp curls tossing droplets everywhere.
John snickered. “I know.”
Sherlock had settled on his back and John was now hovering over him, head propped by one elbow. John was smiling, and the crinkles at the corners of his eyes made him look even more handsome. And happier. He reached out with his free hand and brushed the backs of his knuckles over Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“FUCK…how do you do that?” John groaned.
John moved silently through the empty chapel, listening for a familiar accent, or — god forbid — an enemy one. The vehicle outside had stopped, though the engine remained on. The headlamps shone in through the stained glass window casting an eerie rainbow into the sanctuary.
“But one out of four is a significant improvement for an alpha who isn’t ready for or interested in mating.”
“No?”
“It’s our first date, so I just want you to remember how much I wanted to be here with you tonight. And how much I wanted everyone to know that we’re on a date.”
His chest tightened at the memory of the ambulance trip. He’d cried out to Sherlock more than once, hoping to god the man could still hear him. That he would recognize John’s plea to fight his way back.
John sighed and rolled into his alpha’s body. Sherlock’s arm pulled him close.
Kit smiled his satisfaction and resumed eating his lunch, which was his current favourite of cheese toasties and quartered cherry tomatoes.
“I swear he’s getting taller every day,” John remarked, watching him go.
“It doesn’t feel like a pinch. It feels precisely like what it is: a sharp instrument penetrating your flesh.”
“You’re so...smooth,” Sherlock marveled, experimentally squirming against John’s naked body. He could feel the heat and girth of John’s erection against his belly and he shivered. “You really are.”
“What do you mean?”
“You okay?”
“Emily could take her nap in my flat while you and I have a look at those emails,” Sherlock offered lightly.
Sherlock smirked as the boy shrugged out of the shock blanket they’d wrapped around him. “Ah, yes…Archie, is it?”
He’d read every one of his medical journals. He’d read the books Greg had loaned him and watched every recorded episode of the Great British Bake Off. Which only made him hungry.
“This. The…pregnancy.”
“Monitor on?”
“Fine. We’ll be on the sofa.”
“See you tomorrow.”
“Only if everyone comes with me,” Greg said, eyeing his family. “Don’t want to go off and sit by myself when you’re all here to visit.”
Sherlock leaned into the caress. “True…oh, that’s…”
John dropped a heavy hand onto Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock hadn’t even realized he’d been bouncing it. He tried not to think about John’s lovely, nimble fingers digging into his thigh.
He must have looked puzzled because John reached for his hand.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened. “It was…good. Yes. Very good.”
Sherlock held his hands up in defeat. “I admit it. This sort of thing has never been my strong suit. Fortunately, Kit is kind enough to let me play with him anyway.”
“John!” Sherlock snapped, huffing with frustration. “Will you make yourself useful and get me out this?”
“That’s what I think, yes. But the question is what has he done with the body? There are no traces of any significant digging in the yard. There’s no question of burying anything on the beach and Gutteridge doesn’t own a boat. What—”
“John.” Sherlock’s tone was pleading.
Kit’s mouth turned upside down. “Don’t like ‘matos.”
Sherlock nodded, swallowing around the unexpected lump in his throat. He snuck from the room, turning to watch as John tucked Emily into the bed.
“Well, Kit, how do I look?” John self-consciously straightened the cuffs of the steel blue shirt. He’d paired it with his grey checked suit, but no tie. He had taken more care than usual with his appearance—his self-esteem had suffered a little with the latter stages of pregnancy and he wanted to look and feel his best for his night out with Sherlock.
“Together,” John repeated with no less insistence but slightly less volume.
John sat back in his chair, looking relieved. "Oh, that's what did it. Right. Yes. Long-term. Is that...okay?"
“Who…Mycroft?” John swivelled his head in the direction of the voice. Sherlock’s brother was seated on the edge of a chair next to his bed. He was leaning forward on his umbrella. He looked restless and worried. “Where?”
The walk back to 221B was awkward. Sherlock couldn’t resist sneaking glances at John, but his new flatmate (just flatmate?) was studiously ignoring him. With his hands stuffed into the pockets of his bomber jacket, John Watson looked as though he hadn’t a care in the world as he strode on, eyes focused ahead. Almost as though he hadn’t just killed a man to save Sherlock’s life. Or propositioned him in a Chinese restaurant.
“The baby? Well, let’s ask Uncle Greg.”
John watched as Mary stepped across the tarmac to kiss Sherlock goodbye.
“Uh, right. Look, Mary where is Margo? How is she?”
“It’s okay,” John said swiftly. “We don’t have to.”
“An escape?” Margaret looked intrigued. “Who from?”
He heard the main door open and waited. The cubicle next to him opened and closed. There was some rustling of clothing, and within minutes a uniform was thrust under the cubicle wall. He retrieved it and hung it up, offering his own clothing in return. He pulled on the standard issue trousers, cotton button-down and canvas jacket. He straightened the belt before reaching down to retrieve his gun to tuck it into the back of his waistband under the light jacket.
Sherlock nodded.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“I told you,” Sherlock said coldly. “Mycroft is ahead of all of this. I may have missed it, but I’m sure he didn’t. The tactical team is no doubt in position right outside and air support are on their way.”
Sherlock wakes up in hospital. John is reminded of what is at stake.
“Thanks, Francine,” John replied cheerfully.
“My pleasure,” Sherlock said. “Literally.”
John’s knees nearly buckled. He staggered a little before grasping at Sherlock’s hip for balance as he swiftly added more lube to the gloved fingers of his left hand and…
John swallowed hard at the use of the word. “But I thought he…”
“Fine. Will we discuss the…mechanics…of coping with my rut?”
“Of course,” Sherlock assured him, joining his fingers to John’s over the baby bump.
“Of course.” John stood, too. “Is his rut due soon?”
Long fingers splayed out over John’s belly.
John snorted, finally looking up at the man. “So you were, what, sniffing the air every time he came back to our table because…”
Sherlock tried to ignore how cosy John looked in the hideous festive jumper. How the dark colours brought out the blue in his eyes. There was no point in noticing such things.
“Of course not,” Mary agreed. “Come on, now. Eat up. You need to think about our little one in there.”
“Yeah?”
“Oh, that’s—sorry about the scent,” he snuffled and swiped at his eyes as he pulled back to look at Sherlock. “Mary was in today. She was there when I got the news. Gave me a hug.”
Sherlock returned his attention to his samples, though he was well aware John was still watching him. He tried not to fidget under the scrutiny. Likely John was wondering if he’d eaten anything healthy since yesterday. He’d been informed that Mrs. Hudson’s Bakewell tarts didn’t count as a food group.
“I love you,” John said suddenly, his smile soft.
Sherlock looked around at the remnants of the earlier excitement. The tape and evidence tags were gone, but the furniture was still knocked over and blood stains remained on the floor. At least someone had thought to tape over the bullet hole in the window.
Sherlock smirked once more. “Your phone. Please.”
Sherlock had nodded. “Problem?”
John turned to leave, hesitating in the doorway. “Thanks.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I’m sorry.”
"Well, well." Jeanette crossed her arms, suddenly looking very pleased with herself. "I followed you in the press a bit, you know. Nothing stalkery, but I did read the stories when I saw them. Didn't hear about that wedding, but I guess I might have inherited a bit of my gran's second sight after all."
"Big case?" John tried, trying not to sound upset or angry.
The sound burst out of him before he could stifle it. He slapped a hand over his mouth and stared at the pregnancy test. Positive. He was pregnant.
Kit giggled and patted John’s cheek. “My BIRTHDAY!!!”
“Why I drugged you or the other bit?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened as a thought occurred. He glanced down at Molly for a moment. “You and Lestrade have been dating for…two years now?”
“Have a good blow,” William advised. “It’ll make you feel better. I promise.”
"Hello? Anyone home?"
It was all John needed. He canted his hips forward, pushing his fat cock inside Sherlock’s hole. He hesitated with the slight resistance, but surged forward once more with Sherlock’s muttered plea. Soon, he was pounding hard and fast against the man’s plush bum, matching this rhythm on Sherlock’s cock as well.
“J-John?”
“Oh,” William said non-committally. “Says it isn’t for sale. Shame.”
Holmes glared at him.
He lifted the covers where they had pooled in his lap. No, no sticky traces. True to his word, John had cleaned him up after their frotting session. Sherlock licked his lips and tamped down on the warmth that threatened at the sense memory of John’s cock against his own.
“Morning,” he said. His voice was still sleep-soft and a bit rumbly—it sent delightful tingles down Sherlock’s spine.
“Thirty.”
His parents’ quarterly visits to town were always a chore. He was not an effusive person and his mother had a tendency to be overly affectionate. Still, he supposed he should be grateful—he had only recently been required to share the responsibility for entertaining them.
Sherlock watched him for a moment, ensuring that his breathing was even and that there were no other adverse signs as a result of the drug. He waited — to see if John would rouse and shout about the experiment and the shag and the…other thing.
John nearly fell to the ground. His eyes welled, in spite of himself. Margaret, to her credit, said nothing. She smiled at him kindly and gestured for him to follow her into the house.
Sherlock nodded mindlessly. “God, so close.”
No. Things were fine as they were. Better this than nothing at all.
Sherlock stared at John for some time. Finally, he licked his lips and said, “I was surprised, but not uncomfortable.”
“I guess that would make going anywhere less enjoyable.”
"Yup, that's me. Well, half of it, anyway."
“Damn it!”
“Bye-bye Unca Myc!”
“John, I’ve given birth to and raised two boys. I lost a third child in between them. Believe me: You are doing just fine. You and Kit are in an extraordinary situation.”
“Where are we going?”
“If I didn’t know better, I’d almost say you enjoyed this,” John continued, sounding more than a little intrigued.
They stared at one another, each moving to touch the other’s marks. John jumped as Sherlock’s fingers danced lightly over the puckered flesh on his shoulder.
______________________________
“Let me guess: Public school boys?”
“John? John are you…all right?”
Emily looked from her father to Sherlock and back again before leaning in to whisper (loudly) in her father’s ear, “It’s his favourite.”
“Okay, Daddy. Bye-bye. Love you.”
"Ah, no. Sorry about that. Thought you were someone else."
John continued kissing him as he tore at his own clothes. Sherlock tried to help, tugging here and there at a sleeve or a pocket. Eventually, they both stepped out of their pants and John guided them down to the bed. They lay side by side, stroking and nuzzling.
Sherlock made a non-committal noise in the back of his throat.
“I’m not asking you to say yes now.” Sherlock got up on his knees and scooted close to John’s back, wrapping an arm around his omega’s shoulders. “Don’t say anything. But will you…will you think about it?”
A hand slipped beneath his chin, forcing him to lift his face. A thumb stroked over his cheek.
“Oh, right,” John set his notebook down. “Well, that isn’t entirely uncommon.”
He dropped his chin and sucked in a ragged breath.
John handed a wriggly Drew to his Papa and held up a hand. “We’ve discussed this.”
Still. This was his mate. The only person he had ever truly loved. It was heartless.
. While she was asleep, Sherlock busied himself with sorting through the requests in his email inbox.
“One day, John. One more hard day and this will all work out. We should be able to eliminate Magnussen and draw out Mary’s employer all in one.”
“And I will probably shout at you for that sometimes.”
Sherlock’s mouth slackened as John circled him gently with fingers and tongue. John carefully moistened Sherlock’s hole before slipping his index finger just within and pulsing gently. At the same time, he eased his mouth down over as much of Sherlock’s prick as he could and sucked hard.
“Finally,” he muttered. He slid back in his chair and crossed one leg over the other. He leaned slightly to one side, resting his head against his hand in an effort to look nonchalant. The effort failed spectacularly when his former flatmate finally came into view.
“As it happens, I know
It was nearly three in the morning when he finally ventured back out into the sitting room. John was still up, tucked into his chair in front of the fire with his head lolled back. He was snoring softly.
“I need you.”
Sure enough, Drew wobbled only briefly before toddling back toward his play mat on slightly unsteady legs. John slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from gasping. His eyes welled up—bloody hormones.
“I need to taste you,” Sherlock groaned. “I want your cock in my mouth. I want you to come like that. I want to swallow—”
Mycroft strolled into his office, still studying the package of documents from his last meeting. He stopped abruptly only two steps into the room.
“The boys are ready,” Sherlock interjected. “I’ll walk down with you.”
“Your ankle is okay?”
Sherlock raised a brow at him.
“How’s this?”
“Well, I did eventually.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock mumbled. “I don’t…”
“And I’m very grateful for it.”
He dropped the phone and let himself fall.
“You do.”
“Two reasons, really,” Sherlock started. He closed the door behind him and dropped his dressing gown on the floor. “One: Mrs. H wants a visit with our son before his birthday party. She has a special present for him.”
Sherlock rocked into him, bottoming out against his rounded bum. “There,” he soothed, reaching around to fondle John’s cock.
“Mr. Holmes, please understand that this was entirely unexpected. I could not have predicted it — ”
Drew looked back at him and pointed in the direction of the baby. “Small, Pop-ah!”
“So…here we are. You have done this before. You have the knowledge and the experience and the skill to bring Sherlock’s suffering to an end and to take care of your own needs at the same time. And I am telling you
Kit shook his head, curls bouncing.
“Hey,” he said, more gently. He caught Sherlock’s chin between finger and thumb, urging his young alpha to look down at him. “Look at me. Please.”
John reached back for his gun.
Sherlock made what could only be described as something of a squeaking noise in the back of his throat.
He visualized — all of it, right down to the scar — as he brushed through the light dusting of his own dark chest hair. Finally, he rubbed both thumbs over the tightening buds of his nipples. He risked looking up at John through his lashes and was rewarded with a view of John slack-jawed and palming his cock through his trousers.
“Oh, come on, John,” Yasmine wheedled. “You’re just so much better at dealing with these ones. You know the sort: posh, arrogant, full of shite.”
Sherlock kissed their bondmark. “You are the handsomest man I have ever known, especially like this. You are wonderfully soft, and your skin is so lustrous.” He mouthed over John’s shoulder.
do this?”
“I suppose it is.”
It galled him to think he might have to postpone his planned gloating text to Lestrade, but it couldn’t be helped. He’d have to try again, preferably on someone else. For now, he’d have to figure out how to bring John down before sending him home.
“All ready for your big week?” She sniffed a little. “Oh, my, you’re certainly ripe, aren’t you?”
Sherlock considered that and found himself somewhat mollified. “I suppose. But isn’t it going to bother you?”
John hovered over him, fists still clenched. He was grinning, a little trickle of blood coming from the side of his lip where Sherlock had managed to clip him.
“Well, you’re fascinating,” John said immediately.
“I know, but…It’s important to him, this painting. Let’s just put it someplace else.”
“I’m all right, love. But I…I need you.”
"Do you want to have a relationship with me?"
John shook his head. “No, look. We’re not going to do this. Not anymore. I’m going to have a hard time dealing with all of this, probably for a while, but it doesn’t mean I don’t…”
“I do not believe I am hearing this,” Johns growled. He stalked to the desk, his body rigid with indignation. He pointed a finger right in Mycroft’s face, mere inches from his nose. “YOU do not EVER speak my mate’s name again. Not in my presence, which after today should be pretty easy because I’m telling you right now to stay the hell away from me and my son!”
“It was nothing.”
He sat back on his heels for a moment, fingertips making an appreciative inventory. John’s prick was very thick, with a slight upturn at the end, and lengthening rapidly as Sherlock tentatively stroked him. The foreskin was surprisingly soft and when slid back revealed the deep red crown already glistening with pre-come.
“I think your son would like you to dance with him,” John said with a smirk. He knew Sherlock’s moods—the restlessness, the black boredom. He just needed to be reminded that everything would be fine. Eventually. And Drew had a marvellous, sunny disposition that usually did the trick.
John shook his head and pulled the phone away for a moment. Sherlock knew it was sinking in
“My mum was in her early fifties. My granddad was closer to mid-forties, though—pretty typical for a male omega. I’m the eldest, so I don’t know…” Greg sighed again. “Would you have a few minutes some time soon?”
John gave a little sigh of resignation and Sherlock instantly relaxed.
An answering howl of pain stuck in John’s throat as he lurched forward to bury his face in the side of Sherlock’s neck. He grasped Sherlock’s hand in a painful grip and held there—eyes squeezed shut, lips pressed into warm flesh, unsure whether the tears he could feel were Sherlock’s or his own.
“I would be delighted,” Janine confirmed. “Since we’re here, why don’t we start with the grounds?”
Mycroft moved in close enough to where Greg stood in the kitchen that Kit could wrap his arms around Greg’s neck and land a noisy buss on the copper’s stubbly cheek.
“What’s the verdict?”
Sherlock came, breathing halted and eyes squeezed shut against the overwhelming data flooding his brain. John said his name.
Sherlock nodded, biting his lip.
Sherlock looked around, mentally tracking something. “We haven’t had sex in…three weeks. You are a healthy omega with an active libido. You’ve been going without because I tend to forget about things like orgasms when I’m working.”
The baby studied him for ages. Finally, he frowned. He whined and struggled to get free of the carrier. John obliged him, loosing the straps and pulling him up and out.
“Only if you promise to put that mouth to good use once I do.”
John was about to answer when his mobile buzzed, indicating a new text. He sighed heavily at the words on the screen:
The hot dogs (quartered and cut into small bites for the babies) and crisps, followed by birthday cake, were consumed. Presents were opened and wrapping paper tossed about with abandon. Drew was overjoyed with the all the visitors and the attention…and with his cake’s brightly coloured icing. John gave up trying to get it all up off the floor and resigned himself to an intensive clean once everyone had gone home.
“You should go to bed.”
A few minutes later, as promised, another vehicle arrived.
John looked over to the sofa where Emily was standing, playing with her ponies on the coffee table. She was yawning.
“When was your first rut?”
“P-please. God, John. I can’t—”
John shook his head. “That was nothing like this!”
“Oi, I was just…planning for any eventuality.”
"Yes."
“It’s curly, isn’t it?”
John sat by the hospital bed, hands laced together. He’d been awake nearly 24 hours. He couldn’t sleep if he wanted to.
He tugged his nightshirt out from under him and rolled over onto his other side. Sherlock slid in behind him, pressing warmly against John’s back, bottom and legs.
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. “She’ll be put somewhere safe. Where she can get help.”
John complied with Sherlock’s prodding hands, lifting his arms and legs and head on cue to allow the alpha to remove everything. “You’re enjoying this,” he complained.
Shaking fingers were applied to straining shirt buttons. Sherlock refused to meet John’s eyes, afraid he might blush at the scrutiny.
“And I will be…”
Sherlock grinned at him. “Best if you stay where you are and let me move up, I think.”
He rolled his hips around the lovely fullness inside him. Sherlock gave his nipple one last lick, causing John to squeak with the over-stimulation. He was suddenly irrationally grateful for Sherlock’s presence—he hadn’t considered how weak he would be after he’d come. Were it not for his alpha’s strong embrace, he’d have collapsed onto the floor of the tub.
“John—oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you were getting ready to leave.” Mary hovered near the half-open door to John’s office.
“Phyllis Gamble, which is a terribly ironic moniker for a timid 60-year-old woman who’s lived and worked in the same small village for more than 30 years.”
“Trust me.”
“I’d rather keep you guessing.”
And he had some very old friends to track down.
Just a couple of weeks later, John had come to the realization that he wanted another baby. He hadn’t expected the strange yearning that had begun to niggle at him after Sherlock’s return. He loved Kit more than he could have imagined was possible. The thought of giving his son a sibling, and sharing another pregnancy with Sherlock, and this time giving birth with his mate beside him, and holding another baby in his arms…well, the desire had become so potent that he’d simply blurted it out in bed on the morning of Kit’s second birthday. It had taken Sherlock by surprise, but he’d been over the moon.
“Tell me when you were hired to kill me.”
The DI licked at his 99 Flake and his eyes rolled back in his head. “Oh, god, that’s lovely.”
John’s lips pursed immediately. He glanced up at Greg (furtively?) before finally blurting out, “Shower.”
Mycroft shook his head. “Oh, honestly,” he said, sounding very impatient. “Why would she? If Sherlock had died, her utility to Magnussen would be at an end—the chain of leverage leading to me would be broken, and she would be free. Magnussen could have used the information he had to blackmail her in some other way, I suppose, but at the minimum my brother’s death would have offered her a little breathing room.” Mycroft shifted in his seat. “It was Magnussen.”
John stood behind the chair in which Sherlock had slumped. He placed a hand on the taller man’s shoulder and squeezed.
“Well, we’ll see the Gutteridge place tomorrow.”
“And he found you.”
There was a long, deep-throated groan and suddenly the dead weight was removed. John rolled to the side, cock releasing from Sherlock’s tight sheath with a sticky “pop,” and flopped onto Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock checked his watch. “Well, we have about twenty minutes. Fancy a nap?”
Sherlock sighed and took one last, somewhat longing, look at Pinkerton’s skull. Mummy was tugging at his arm.
“Tunnels? What on earth for?”
What seemed like ages later, he finally looked up to see his mate entering the room with a plastic shopping bag.
He stepped into place behind Holmes and wrapped both arms around him. Holmes sighed his pleasure and helpfully held his arms up and out of the way. John pressed his cheek against Holmes’ shoulder blade as he filled each hand with a well-rounded pectoral muscle. He kneaded for a moment, tweaking at tightening nipples, and pressing kisses into the man’s back through the silk shirt.
“You have to trust me,” he said firmly. “He knows what he’s doing. A crime has been committed and Sherlock’s just solved it.”
“This is a very serious subject.”
“Sherlock,” John repeated. He couldn’t help but smile a little at the unusual name. Somehow it suited Holmes exactly. “Whatever trouble you’re in, I’m sure there’s a way out of it. Is it money?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I have the capacity, I suppose, I simply choose not to. It’s easier this way.”
“Kill me. But then why Magnussen, oh. Of course.”
“Yup.”
“He’s very keen to get back in the thick of things, but he’s concerned about leaving the baby,” Mycroft said. “We’ve engaged a nanny to start when his leave is over, and Greg is very fond of the young woman. And I have arranged to spend more time working from home. Still, Greg is worried about missing Emmeline’s important moments. I have suggested that he could always try some sort of alternative work arrangement—half time, perhaps—to see if that would suit. Of course it’s entirely his decision.”
"Good thing we don't have to worry about that anymore." The kettle snapped off and John rose to go to the kitchen.
John turned, noting that Sherlock was already tearing at his clothes. His tone was very controlled, but his eyes had gone dark with desire. It wouldn’t be long now before they were both lost.
But the BMW satnav helpfully kicked in as soon as he turned on the ignition and the map displayed the last three locations he’d visited before his crime scene: the Yard, Molly’s flat and…221B Baker Street.
“Ah, there you are,” a voice called as they neared the house. Michael appeared from down the side of the house and waved them on. “We’ll start out front, with the view.”
“It’s fine,” Greg chuckled. “It is romantic. And pretty hot. Especially the last few weeks. God, sometimes I wonder if the man ever had sex before me. It’s like he’s been saving it all up.”
“So you want to wait for…more,” Sherlock mumbled, clearly fading.
Sherlock listened and watched Drew for a moment. The baby turned to smile at him and Sherlock grinned back.
“Passport and travel documents, please.”
Sherlock led the way; John fell into step right behind him with one hand on his waist. They tumbled through the bedroom door in a tangle as Sherlock turned to take John in his arms once more. Sherlock bent to kiss him; John dug his fingers into dark curls and drew his lover down.
Sherlock could only nod dumbly.
John sighed, rubbing his thumb over Sherlock’s bottom lip. “You know, doing—or saying—something mean to get your attention so you’d figure out that I think you’re pretty.”
“You don’t need to feel like you have to stay, though,” John said. “If you have something else you need to do.”
“Hmm? Oh, gone. He waived his right to a witness,” John started, finally moving to head back out to his post. “He was clean.”
John captured Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own and gently tugged. Sherlock felt an arc of heat that fired somewhere below his brain stem and blazed a trail through his belly before settling in his groin. Every gentle push, every tentative lick, every soft suck...slowly but surely, he began to lose track of conscious thought.
John’s hands, too, had begun to wander. He slid flattened palms along Sherlock’s spine to his shoulder blades and back down. Turning his face into Sherlock’s belly, he nuzzled and huffed while his hands slid over the curve of Sherlock’s bottom.
John rolled his eyes. “Of course. Testosterone.”
“Why aren’t you celebratin’? If I was old enough, I’d be down the palace right now.”
“Yes. God, yes.” John grabbed at Sherlock, pulling him into a fierce embrace. He buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder and wrapped both arms around Sherlock’s waist. And hung on for dear life. “I’m sorry.”
John froze where he was, bent a little to inspect the turned out trouser pockets and suddenly keenly aware of how very attracted he was to both the body and the unusual mind of the intriguing young man in front of him. Holmes, W. Sherlock S. was utterly fascinating. And John’s reaction to him was rapidly becoming problematic. He straightened, clearing his throat and swiftly moving around to continue the search from behind.
“No idea. Arrived last night. Open it.”
“Would you still consider bonding with me?”
“I know I shouldn’t, but I’ve been bloody craving it for a month.” John sighed. “Anyway, I was going to ask Mrs. H to stay with Kit, but maybe you and Mycroft would like to try your hand at bath- and bedtime?”
John drifted in a sea of his own desire, just long enough for Sherlock to press a muscular thigh against his pelvis. The touch of the firm alpha body against his stirring cock was enough to jolt him back to his senses.
"You are the love of my life, Sherlock," John whispered.
“I’m not sure I follow.”
“Uh, right, well.” John cleared his throat and resumed his task. “There aren’t many of them left,” he admitted, still a bit flustered. “Most of them have been evacuated. You may have noticed the traffic the last few hours.”
“Yup. All together. Kit needs to be close to you, so he’ll sleep with us for a while.”
“Probably Thursday,” John grunted between thrusts. “Give or take.”
“Case is over.”
“It was nothing,” Sherlock demurred.
“This week, anyway,” John muttered under his breath, smiling at his son’s recent food whims. “Yeah, okay. Why don’t you two read for a bit? I’ll be right out.”
“So what about you, then?” John asked, staring at his shoes. He was too close to the edge now. Suddenly one of the lines Sherlock had written for him popped into his head. “Where are you actually going now?”
“Thank you,” John said. He slid Sherlock’s fingers from his cheek and kissed them, and then pressed them to his chest. “You do realize that these characteristics are all entirely fluid and any of the kids could turn out to be any of the above? I mean, we’re going on history and precedent, but it’s been forty years now since researchers started to question how much ‘typical’ gendered behaviour was actually just a response to social dictates and external influences.”
John’s shoulders sagged. “I shouldn’t. It’s just…it isn’t that I don’t love him or that he doesn’t love me—”
“What’s he done?”
His belly.
The chair was gone. He’d removed it from the room. It was getting in the way; that was all.
“Well, then,” Sherlock said, suddenly sounding very sanguine. “I guess that means we’re expected.”
“That I wasn’t interested in…anything. That everything was transport.”
“Then we’ll have company soon. Who are they, Sherlock?” John asked softly. “And what is that?” He jerked his thumb at the small package Sherlock had brought with them from the sleeper car.
The shrouded body swung immediately in the direction of the door. A tiny patch of face appeared in the centre of the white sheet bundle, revealing a wide-eyed detective.
“Start talking. Now,” John said firmly. “And you are going to look me in the eye while you do it.”
“Ah. So…”
“Well, perhaps the less said about that—” Sherlock started, trying to avoid eye contact with a snickering DI Lestrade.
“Yuan to be a Millionaire?”
“‘Piss off’!”
Sherlock stood abruptly, still deep in thought, and returned to wearing a track in the carpet. “And so I was left with a few unappealing options. I could go back to academia — dull — or I could apply my skills to civilian investigations.”
By the time Sherlock emerged from their bedroom, immaculately turned out in a dark suit, Drew had nursed from both breasts and been heartily burped. Kit had eventually been distracted by his Thomas tracks on the floor, where he was now ensconced.
“I heard that,” Mycroft snapped.
John smiled. “Very well. Feeling good.” It was only a little bit of a lie—his blood pressure was still a bit elevated, but stable.
John sighed — a rich, satisfied noise. “Well, then. I guess we’d better get started. Open your eyes.”
He sat heavily in the empty seat next to him. It was probably for the best. In his current frame of mind, there was little point in returning to his miserable little room. There was nothing there for him but an invitation to stay with his sister in Yorkshire (a bleak prospect as they’d never got on), a copy of
“Oh,” John breathed, hands halting in the middle of preparing the sterile solution for the bandages. He peered at Sherlock, not wanting to leap to any conclusions but somehow desperate to know. “Right. So…”
“Show me what’s hiding under that uniform.”
“Yes, Lucy?”
He waited.
John’s mouth became dry with each inch of skin revealed. He knew, of course, what Sherlock looked like. He’d viewed the man’s body clinically when he’d treated him. But this was so very different. Now he could want. And touch. And taste.
“So…that’s it?” Sherlock’s voice was rich and warm.
“She is.” John stood and walked the few steps that separated them. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “She works very hard and no one could ever call her stupid. But she is not like you—she doesn’t have that kind of cleverness. And she is not as restless as I am. She doesn’t need adrenaline. She hates it, actually.”
John’s broad smile was glorious. “I am that, yeah,” he agreed. “Take me home?”
John sniffled. “I’m scared.”
“No…s-sir,” Sherlock stammered, now feeling decidedly shaky.
Sherlock nodded glumly.
The door downstairs slammed and John got to his feet. He knew the sound of Sherlock’s footsteps well enough by now. He was surprised, and a bit relieved, that his husband had not spent all day at the lab.
Sherlock was perched on the edge of his chair, one foot tapping restlessly. He checked his watch again, confirming what he already knew: Forty minutes since he’d given John the dosed biscuits. A little less than thirty minutes since the good doctor had disappeared up the stairs muttering something about needing to call Mary.
“Yeah, it can go like that.”
John felt a shiver of unease. He didn’t want to just let things go. He didn’t want to gloss over their problems. He knew there was something wrong, and he’d been preparing to finally deal with whatever it was. But maybe they both needed a reprieve. A break from their current reality; a little romantic dinner to ease the tension between them.
“I don’t think I need to tell you that he has to stay put this time.”
“John, look at me.”
“How could you have been so sure?”
“Yeah, all right.” John blinked. “So I suppose you helped him get me home that Wednesday?”
Sherlock’s words continued to echo inside his head. He’d not been able to think of anything, save for Sherlock’s condition, since that moment at 221B. It was ridiculous. Sherlock had to know it was ridiculous.
“Of course I did. I’ve laid all the provisions you’ve been stocking up within easy reach, and I’ve dealt with our phones and email accounts.”
Sherlock held up a hand. “I know.”
“I know.”
“Need a lift?” Lestrade offered.
He looked down to find John watching him.
Major Hastings looked conflicted. “I can’t leave you behind on your own. Reinforcements will be going straight to the front and the medical team will be at least another day getting into place.”
“To Harry Watson, From Clara, xxx,” Sherlock quipped. “Harry Watson, clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live in London. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently—this model’s only six months old. Marriage in trouble then. Six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do: Sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you, so he wants you to stay in touch. You’re moving away rather than going to your brother for help—that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife; maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
Sherlock waited until Mycroft was nearly out of earshot before managing a very quiet, “Thank you.”
“You’ll work with me, of course,” Sherlock said briskly. “It won’t be very long before Japan capitulates. Once that happens, life here really will begin to return to normal. London will rebuild, and with it her criminals.”
Sherlock moaned, momentarily ceasing his own gentle exploration of John’s scar. He tightened the muscles under John’s hands and John purred his approval. John’s fingers curled into the toned yet plump flesh and squeezed.
“She’s boring. I want you to be my doctor.”
John began to undo his own clothes as Sherlock hustled to comply. By the time he was settled, sprawled across the centre of the big bed, John had managed to get himself down to pants and socks.
"Of course. Before I leave, would you like to hear the selected tasting menus tonight?"
“For...?” John prompted.
John kissed him once more before shuffling around—mildly impeded by the clothing puddled at their feet—so that Sherlock was facing the window, bent over the counter.
He started to pull himself free of the toy, his erection beginning to flag, when Sherlock’s hand settled over the small mound of John’s belly. “Don’t,” he said, his voice husky.
“Dr. Khamir will be with you shortly.”
“What was that?” John asked, sounding very amused.
Sherlock’s face softened. “I love you, John Watson. I want us to belong to each other. For good.”
John was shaking by the time the story was done. His eyes were damp, thinking of Victor going to his death in such a way. But the graphic recollection of their lovemaking had also left him aching, and he could not look Sherlock in the eye.
“John,” Margaret said softly. She reached for Kit who, predictably, leaned back into his father’s chest. “Hello, Christopher, pet. I’m your grandmother. Would you like to come to me?”
Sherlock stared down at him for some time, brows drawn together. “You like watching me.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. “Sir.”
“Flatmates?” John squeaked.
“And what are the painters doing?” John asked. “You know the baby shouldn’t be exposed to fresh emulsion.”
“Right. Because…”
“Have I ever mentioned,” John began softly. “How ridiculously good-looking you are?”
“Easy, now,” John urged. “Easy breaths. That’s it. You’re all right. I’m here, and I’m never leaving you again.”
Yes, Gutteridge would go to prison and Heatherton would—miraculously—recover. But John…
“Just give me a minute.”
“Redbeard,” Sherlock said swiftly, eyeing the belt once more.
“When did he call?” Mycroft said, sitting forward in his chair. He’d come in to his office at the Diogenes early that morning. He hadn’t expected his mother to ring him before 8 a.m.
John’s other hand flattened over Sherlock’s chest under his parted shirt and then slid up along the length of his neck to cup his nape gently. Sherlock responded to the light pressure and eased down toward John. He watched with fascination as John licked his lips, and he did likewise. His heart fluttered a bit as John drew him in, and he felt as though he should close his eyes. But he didn’t want to miss a moment of the passion in John’s eyes. Passion for
The full lips parted beneath his own on a sigh. They were so much softer than John would have imagined, yet firm and responsive. A clever tongue darted out to meet his and they teased at one another.
Later, when they revisited that fateful moment, they would debate who moved first. Sherlock would swear that John had lifted his damp face to capture Sherlock’s mouth. John would argue that Sherlock had nudged John’s chin up to press his mouth to John’s.
John’s brow creased. He began to shift, jostling Sherlock free and rolling away until they were lying side by side. He stared at his mate with a very serious expression. Sherlock felt a flutter of panic.
“Right, fair enough, but should that ever change — ”
“Always.”
“Jesus, you taste good,” John groaned.
Jeremy stayed behind, no longer making any pretence of not eavesdropping. He waited, looking between Greg and John.
“Papa?”
Mr. Holmes was scowling now.
The coat was removed and thrust in John’s direction. John took it, trying very hard not to look at his passenger’s fit figure beneath the well-fitting suit. It had been some time since he’d been with a man, but he could still appreciate that Mr. Holmes (W. Sherlock S.) was a very attractive specimen. Sad that he should have put himself in such a situation.
“Sir!”
He dressed quickly and started to pull his jacket on when his mobile went.
Sherlock stared helplessly, once more overwhelmed with the need to offer physical comfort. John was crying.
“SHERLOCK!!!”
“Graysexual,” John finished for him. He chuckled with happy memories. “Well, my time as your physician was cut a bit short. It was in my notes, though.” John drew back until he could see Sherlock’s face. “Did you not talk to Dr. Faulkner at all when you went to see her for your last Androtheryn shot?”
“You’re certain we can’t move him?”
“That sounds wonderful,” John sighed, instantly relaxing.
“Sherlock, please.”
John pumped and pumped, panting and gasping his mate’s name. Sherlock whispered his encouragement, then bent and captured John’s nipple between his lips.
“Mike will not have any difficulty reassigning your patients.”
John rubbed at his sternum as if to chase the pain away.
“Course it did. Always does.” John kissed him quickly. “I’ll do my best.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied with a lascivious smile. “Let’s get you out of those clothes, hmmm?”
John stepped out of his cubicle and made his way to the sinks. As he washed his hands, he heard his neighbor depart the other cubicle and join him at the sinks.
“Of course.”
“Sometimes, yeah,” John admitted sheepishly. “He just forgets. And I know he doesn’t mean to. But when he does it is such a strain on me, and the boys, and I just…”
John’s voice was soft and his tone gentle, if slightly leading. The dark head snapped up and Sherlock locked eyes with him.
“About 6:30?”
“More or less.”
John snuffled, swiping at the tears he couldn’t control with his tissue. “I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t be—this is so unprofessional. I’m meant to be helping you!”
John and Michael glanced over their shoulders at him, but he merely shrugged. He was sure he was scowling, but he didn’t care. He wanted to prove Gutteridge was a murderer and take John home, miles away from Michael bloody Bennet.
“Do you honestly expect me to put up with being delayed here all day?”
Sherlock blinked. “Oh. Right. The…uhm…”
“Dr. Watson?”
“Good,” John called back. He checked his watch and reached for the stick. He took a deep breath and looked for the plus sign.
__________________________________
“W-what?” Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled. “What do you mean? When did you want this? When?”
“Yes?”
“What is it?” John asked.
“Mmmmmm.”
John gasped out loud as Sherlock plumped up the other side and fell on it like a thirsty man man offered water. He sucked hard first and then made several passes with the rougher surface of his tongue. He swirled around the centre and then made a wider pass, taking in the whole of the areola. John shivered as Sherlock applied teeth, gently catching the hard nub of the nipple between them and tugging.
“Staying here until you can be moved safely.”
"As long as you'll stay."
“Right. Sounds good,” John agreed.
John took a deep breath tinged with Sherlock’s cologne and tried to relax. He tightened his arms around the man’s waist. “But surely Magnussen will figure out that you and Mycroft have cooked this up together.”
The alpha hummed his approval and pressed his swollen shaft into John’s soft rump. “Mine,” he repeated needlessly. He licked and nuzzled at John’s neck before finally sinking his teeth into the nape.
“Yes. I know.”
John nodded.
John tugged his stethoscope from his neck and placed the bell over Sherlock’s bare chest. “The smoke was very damaging. The last thing you need is a case of pneumonia.” He leaned in and offered a reassuring smile. “Breathe in for me.”
“Always.”
Sherlock moaned into the bed, eyes closed and body entirely focused on the pain in his arse…and the pleasure building in his groin. It was exquisite. If he’d known, if he’d had any idea — well, he’d have been a little less dismissive of Miss Adler’s clientele, for a start.
“But…I thought we had a few more days.”
“Well, I was just wondering…where’s your cane?”
“I want to taste you.”
“Yes. Yes, there it is. I think I can feel your hand. Somewhat,” Sherlock sounded relieved. “It’s a good sign, yes?’
At the first glimpse of the red, scrunched-up face of their premature infant, they’d both wept tears of joy and relief. They’d been allowed to hold the tiny little boy very briefly before he was whisked away to the neo-natal intensive care unit for a thorough going over. John had come through relatively well in spite of the way his labour had started. He’d been home within two days, and Drew had joined them three weeks later.
“No, I knew that had nothing to do with your name,” Sherlock said coldly. “However, Moran is not one of the many names in your file.”
He bit back a gasp as the third blow fell. He ground his hips into the bed, desperate for some attention to his aching cock.
“Thank you,” John said, his voice thick.
“Gran?” Drew asked. “Gran?”
Sherlock eagerly participated in this by shoving the offending garment down over John’s legs and then repeating the procedure with his pants. He was face to face with John’s eager, red cock. He took the head into his mouth and suckled it noisily. John tasted so good.
But Sherlock was delighted. He’d never wanted anything more in his life, and when it happened—when John had turned up at the top of the stairs, bags in hand—Sherlock had been as happy as he could ever remember being.
“Christ, oh, christ. I'm so hard I feel like I'm going to burst. FUCK. Watching you makes me so hot. Oh, god, oh, god....Sherlock, Sherlock...Sh—”
“Dr. Watson, please open the door.”
“Are you sure you’re–”
John took the postcard and turned it over. “Niagara Falls.”
They drove in silence for a few minutes until finally Sherlock felt compelled to speak. “I…appreciate you coming.”
“Yes, but we weren’t sure how good a chance there was.” She bit her lip. “He’s going to be so excited. He’s always wanted children.”
“Like you.”
“John…”
“Sherlock?” he groaned. “Need you. Soon. Please.”
Belongs here.
John’s mouth had opened on a gasp and Sherlock had pulled away immediately.
“Conse—look, just listen to me for a moment. You’re only 22—”
“It is,” John agreed tightly. They had very little time before all the patients would need to be moved, and John wasn’t at all certain this young man would survive the trip.
“The artist,” Sherlock replied, gesturing to the card. “Pinkerton. Famous American detective agency.”
“Thank you, Dr. Watson.”
“No,” Sherlock said tersely.
“Sod off.”
So this was what people meant when they said they “couldn’t help it.” This was the passion that drove so many to desperate acts.
“I’m no better than my fellow officers,” John said defensively.
“Mike, but…”
If his theory and the combination of drugs were correct, John should be trying to kill him by now. Not standing over him with that unbelievably attractive smile, chest heaving…
The first strains of something John had begun to recognize as Verdi began to fill the room. Sherlock stood facing the window, refusing to turn as John approached. John refused to be ignored and grabbed for the younger man’s arm. A horrible screeching noise assaulted both their ears as Sherlock’s bow scratched across the strings. He turned awkwardly as John pulled at his arm.
“Anyway, the thing with you obviously wasn’t the Andersons’ only issue. It’s rarely just one thing when…something like that happens. We know he was shagging Donovan long before we even knew about Moriarty. There was something wrong with the marriage, or with him.”
“Jesus, no. God, no.”
“Something wrong?” Sherlock asked.
“I gave very careful thought to the idea of reproducing before I mentioned it to you. It would have been absurd to ask you to consider changing your mind about parenting under any other circumstances. I realized there would be a great deal of compromise involved—so many sacrifices on your part, particularly. But the more time I spent with Archie and his little friend…”
“So is that our case?”
“Soooo…” Sherlock interjected, quickly diverting the topic. “To what do I owe the honour of your visit? Bit early for you — don’t you usually come in once the other patients are sleeping?”
Janine stopped, looking over her shoulder at them. “Yeah, beehives.” She grinned at Sherlock. “I was going to get rid of them, but I never got around to it. A woman from the village has been keeping them for me. You like bees, don’t you boys?”
“No. Unless you count truculence as an issue.”
“Yes. Oh, Sherlock. Oh, fuck.”
“Tell me,” John begged.
Sherlock was no longer a virgin—in any sense of the word. Within three days, they'd had sex in every room in the flat (and Mrs. Hudson's foyer) and had fallen asleep post-coitus on the floor, the sofa and even once in the bath.
"Mrs. Hudson is very sentimental about the Victorian period, for some reason. That tends to bleed into her choices in décor."
“John.”
“Oh, my love — you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.”
"Drugged you?"
“Egg and cress?” John asked. He passed the plate to Sherlock. “Course there is. If I’m going to keep you eating regularly, we have to have what you like.” He kissed the man’s cheek.
“No,” Sherlock said, making a face. “Because they thought all the blood was yours!”
Sherlock continued to stare at the potential instrument of correction clasped in John’s hand. Almost immediately, he began to imagine the sound the leather would make against his bare flesh. He could visualize the marks; how the red welts would look on his pale skin. His cock twitched and a few beads of pre-come appeared at the tip.
Sherlock stretched and sat up. “Now you don’t have to be. Tea?”
He tore his shirt free and threw it to the ground with his jacket. His mind was flooding with sensory input as his heat began to take over. Smell of fertile alpha. Everywhere. Sound of potential mate. Mate in pain.
“Fine. Sherlock’s fine.”
“You’re so close already, aren’t you?” John whispered gently.
Sherlock watched from Bart’s rooftop as a cab arrived. His heart sank as a heavily pregnant omega struggled out of the car and stood.
“’Scuse me.”
“I s-said,” Sherlock stammered, attempting to contain the slight frisson of anticipation at the exchange. “Get. Stuffed.”
Greg looked down at himself. “I dunno. I’m just worried about it clinging to me. I don’t want it too small.” He frowned. “Midwife says I have to stop gaining so much weight.”
He looked up until their eyes met. Sherlock was startled to see unshed tears.
“Not quite,” Sherlock said smugly. “No, it’s a simple matter of observation. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But your hands and the small Rod of Asclepius on the tag on your bag say doctor. So Army doctor—obvious. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp’s really bad when you walk, but you forget about it when you’re distracted, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan…Afghanistan or Iraq.
“It’s unethical.”
“Indeed,” Mycroft said. He flicked imaginary lint from his trouser leg. “Mummy and Dad wanted to get it for you, as you seemed quite taken with it. As I said, it has not been an easy task.”
John moaned and pushed back into Sherlock’s probing fingers. “Yes. Oh, yes, fuck me!”
John moved in for another kiss; Sherlock met him halfway, eyes wide open. When they parted, John smiled at him.
“The test is positive,” John confirmed. “But I can run it again, if you like.”
“You’re awake.”
“Especially at my lips.”
Sherlock sighed, entirely resigned and not really put out in the least. “Well, it would have been. Of course it would.”
“Go on, don’t be like that,” Yasmine tutted. “I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Following doctor’s orders,” John murmured. He punctuated this with a deep, wet kiss.
“Right.”
“Mmmm, would you like to?”
“Hello, sweet boy,” he said, reaching down with his free hand to ruffle Kit’s dark auburn curls. “Is Papa coming?”
“Sherlock! And John—look at you! You’re glowing!” He clapped his hands together. “That calls for a very special dessert, I think. Here, come on, I’ve got your table waiting.”
“That’s down to you,” Sherlock whispered, staying near John to nuzzle and scent him a little. “And you thought he was sleeping through that silly movie.”
“You love me.
“I wouldn’t have done anything to hurt you.”
Sherlock smiled to himself. “I’m glad you liked your present.”
“There isn’t?” John stood and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Prep—jesus, what’s wrong? Is he hurt? What’s happened?”
“Just about done?” Lestrade asked genially.
“Mrs. Holmes, Mr. Holmes,” John interrupted, stepping forward. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m John Watson. Well, John Watson-Holmes, now.”
“I have a plan, though I don’t think I should tell you everything. It might be easier if you didn’t know.”
John studied the spook outside his door before sighing. “Give me ten minutes. I’ll come down.”
John ended the kiss with a start, pulling back to regard the stranger with wide eyes. If the young man was in any way shocked or surprised by John’s actions or his own responses, he gave no sign.
John returned home, a new spring in his step. It had been a pleasant surprise to see Jeanette. Though they hadn't parted on the best of terms, it was clear she hadn't nursed any resentment toward him. He had to admit, too, that he was comforted by her confirmation—reminder really—of how clear the connection between him and Sherlock had always been to everyone else.
“But why didn’t he ask you to bond? Why did he push you away?”
