“Well, that was… better, ladies—“ the girls broke out in titters of laughter again, “—although I think I preferred it with less acrobatics. Take a five-minute break and come back to me.” He finished with a wide grin. His name was Trevor; he had a wonderful relationship with everyone in his little troupe of dancers from what Castiel could tell.
“You have to know, I’m not mad about the news story. At least, not at you. God, I couldn’t have cared less about the stupid news outlets after you left.”
? Is that really what you think?” He was also very interested in knowing how Cas felt about him, but he’d get to that part in a minute when Cas wasn’t being fucking
If he was being honest, Castiel had never given too much thought to Anna’s work, preferring those in the crowd than those on stage. Still, the well-lit studio in a dusty corner of a small Kansas town provided a sort of inspiration he didn’t get often anymore. Almost five months, and it seemed like he and Anna were both starting to settle down from the big city.
“God, forget it.” Cas stalked off to the bedroom, where the door was open. Dean’s bags were packed and sitting in the living room by the door. Dean spared them a look before glancing back towards the bedroom. Something was clearly bothering Cas. He knew damn well that he should take the mood shift for what it was and hit the road. Screw Cas and his attitude. If he wasn’t interested, there was absolutely zero reason for Dean to stick around. He didn’t have to fret over this. He didn’t have to check in to see what was wrong. He packed up the journal, tossing the pen on the table. He walked over to stuff the journal in a side pocket of his bag, scooping it up to throw over his shoulder. Hand on the doorknob, Dean stopped.
“Fun as this is, and it is… I still have my midterm in the morning. I just have to take—“ A hand wrapped around his wrist and yanked him down, making him lose his balance and end up sprawled across Dean’s lap again. His knees made a painful sounding smack when they hit the tile, but he didn’t have much time to consider this care because he was immediately being pushed backwards so he was on his elbows looking up at Dean poised above him. Dean immediately plundered his mouth, silencing the protest on its way out of Cas’s mouth the most effective way he knew. When Cas was kissed good and breathless, Dean pulled back, equally as winded.
“No, this actually really bothers me.” Castiel took a step back, watching Dean’s hand fall back to his side. Why was Dean acting so cagey about this? Couldn’t he see this was what he wanted? What he needed? “You won’t fuck me, you won’t take what you claim to want. It makes me wonder if you even want me at all.” Castiel spat the last sentence, positively furious now. Irrational as he was being, this was pissing him off, and right now, this was the last thing he wanted.
“Maybe that’s it.” He smiled, despite the feeling of butterflies roiling in his belly again. He really hoped he wasn’t about to puke. That would definitely ruin whatever mood they had going here, as well as bruise his ego for the next few days.
Turning Pages was tucked in one of the quietest streets of Old Town, not more than three blocks from the Institute. The owner, a more than ancient Hispanic man with leather-brown skin and a thick white mustache spoke with a steady, but whisper-quiet voice, as he directed his patrons to the newest anthology of Tennyson poetry, or a section of artist biographies. Sr. Guerrero came to Chicago from a small village just south of Mexico City when he was in his early forties. He’d had a wife, Isabel, and his baby girl, Carmen. Isabel had been fluent in English, Sr. Guerrero had not. On quiet days, Sr. Guerrero liked to tell Castiel about his village and his wife’s cooking. Castiel had never had the chance to eat truly authentic Mexican cuisine, like his boss described, but he imagined he could tell a stranger everything about how Isabel made the sopapillas on Christmas morning. Sadly, Sr. Guerrero had lost his wife during an immigration raid gone wrong back in the nineties. Carmen had since grown up and gone to university. “The prettiest civil engineer there ever was,” Sr. Guerrero said of her, hopelessly fond of his only daughter. Now retired from his job as a bank teller, he owned one of the best small bookstores in the area. They carried everything from Pablo Neruda to Shel Silverstein in poetry, and from Dickens to Rowling in fiction. It was only happenstance that Castiel got his job at all. Sr. Guerrero, good as he was at helping people find new stories to love, was getting on in years and needed help with stocking, pricing, and other odd jobs around the store. Castiel happened to wander in out of the rain one day, freshly homeless after another year at the Institute, and Sr. Guerrero liked the look of him and hired him on the spot. Castiel didn’t work much, just a few hours a week between classes and… other side work. Sr. Guerrero was always glad to see him.
Dean was treated to watching Cas’s expression go from angry suspicion to shocked recognition as he registered who was sitting behind the wheel. “No-“ he heard, cut off as Cas’s words failed him. Dean grinned sheepishly at him.
Castiel felt a brief flutter of panic in his chest again. “Maybe this isn’t the best idea, Dean. You probably don't want to mess around with me when I have no idea what I’m doing.”
“My reputation proceeds me,” Bela nodded sagely, as if she already knew. “But it is still true. I spent too many years pushing people away who cared for me. People who I knew I cared about as well, but was too lost in the tragedy of the art to show it.” She pulled out a pair of sky-high heels and slipped them on her feet. Castiel just noticed she had been barefoot the entire time. With her shoes on, she now towered over Castiel in more ways than one.
Dean spared one glance out the gap in the curtain at the gate as one ballsy paparazzo landed with a thump on the gravel below. Suddenly, a gunshot sounded, startling Castiel. His eyes flickered across the lawn, and saw Bobby trudging across the lawn, shotgun in hand, yelling about trespassers and Ron Paul. “I don’t think that’s our biggest issue right now.” Dean said, smile spreading wryly across his face. Castiel couldn’t see Bobby’s face, but thought it must look murderous, from the way the reporters scrambled back up the gate and away from the angry man.
Dean looked up at him. “They know that I brought you home for a reason. They don't know why exactly, and they don’t need to know. They’re good about leaving me to my business and right now, you’re my business.” He grabbed his plate and deposited it in the sink. He snagged his coffee cup and refilled it, sitting back next to Castiel. “So, no. They don't know exactly why you’re here, but they’ll be good to you while you are.”
“Oh, did you read those? Finally, I was sooooo worried I might have inconvenienced you by trying to figure out where the hell you were—“ Castiel pulled the phone away from his ear when a girl in a green apron approached him with trepidation.
“I like you, Dean.” Cas glanced at him, pleading again. “I feel more alive with you than I ever have. I like being around you, even when you tease me. I like hunting with you, and sue me, but I like kissing you, too. Even when you leave, that won’t change.” His tone changed to anger. “And I’m sorry, but I think I’m falling in love with you, too.”
Cas shook his head, scoffing. “No. No, it was great. But I have to see more of your first time with a man, Dean. Fuck me.”
Taking a second to chuckle over the fashion trends of pre-World War II America, Dean saw something that caught his attention.
“This at least talks about when the school was built. Do you know when this ghost started appearing?” Castiel immediately grabbed another book and devoted his full attention to it, leaving Dean open to the page he had found. The book looked like it might be better suited in some rich guy’s study.
“That was rude of me. You said no, and I kept pushing. My deepest apologies..” He sounded oddly formal in his embarrassment. Dean stared as Cas’s hands started fluttering around the coffee table, gathering beer bottles and shot glasses, pink in the cheeks. He moved to stand. To leave. Dean panicked.
Cas nodded. “Absolutely.” He started walking backwards. “We’ll check in with you on the way out.” He tugged Dean’s sleeve surreptitiously, leading him towards the east wing.
Dean laughed as he tossed the last hat on the table behind him. He’d swept the frankly distressing collection of masquerade masks from the tabletop to where they lay in a pile on the ground. “Do we just burn ‘em all?” He asked, surveying the lot. Three were black and rather plain-looking, but the other four were various jewel tones of fine felt. One even had a brocade ribbon going around the whole thing with an honest-to-god feather sticking out of it.
Cas nodded, and shakily started down. Dean held the ladder steady as long as he could. Oswald came swinging down the catwalk again, shaking the whole structure.
Castiel felt lightheaded, but shook his head. He could do this. It was only a man, and he’d brought plenty of men to their knees before. Actually fucking Mr. Winchester shouldn’t be too much of a stretch. After all, he’d told himself he was willing to do this. Whatever it took. He needed the money, and here it was in front of him. Castiel took a step towards Mr. Winchester where he sat. The man shifted in his seat so that his legs weren’t spread apart, blocking Castiel from his goal. He just needed to—
with those hips of his. Dean couldn’t move, his arms were up by his shoulders, being pressed into the fabric upholstery by the other man’s strong hands. His legs were spread wide to accommodate the welcome weight in his lap. He pressed up into the friction, groaning into the next kiss. This was just as good as he remembered last night. Maybe better, now that he had some idea of what to expect. He really wanted to get his fingers into that wild, dark hair, but Cas didn’t look like he was up for giving him any independent mobility any time soon. Dean finally pulled back to gasp out for air. Cas nipped at his neck, before pulling away as well.
Dean shook his head. “Not quite. I’m not a huge fan of flagellation, but I’ve done it before, if you’re into it.” He winked as Castiel flushed red. “Nah, what I’m into is tying you to the bed so you can’t move unless I want you to and having my wicked way with you until you’re begging me to fuck you properly.” Castiel shifted in his chair and Dean raised an eyebrow. He stepped forward, pressing into Castiel’s space and forcing him back in his chair. “I want you screaming my name until you’re hoarse, sweetheart. Wanna hear you need me.” Dean’s gaze bored into Castiel’s, spreading a heat through his cheeks. The laser focus that Dean provided made him feel trapped, like Dean could see through him.
Rehearsal after school even went well, all things considered. Dean kept his usual watchful post near the back of the theater, right up until Cas came up and pulled him to the front row where he sat while the kids were on a break.
- Nah, he had to show Dean the sights first! They walked around town, drank hot chocolate, visited the dance studio but didn’t stay long, and spent a LOT of time camped out in Castiel’s room. They had enough presence of mind to save their first official time for their bed back home though.
“So is this really how this ends?” Cas said behind him. Dean turned to look at the man who now had his arms crossed petulantly over his hospital gown. “Me with a broken leg and you waltzing out of here like nothing’s wrong?”
Three rows of dancers stood, hands clasped behind backs and heads held high. The music started, sensuous and rhythmic. From off to the side, a voice, “And a-five, six, seven, eight-!” The girls spun neatly to the right for half a four-count and then dropped their hands to the floor, keeping their knees straight as they slowly straightened up, flicking their hair out of their faces. Some of the girls had ponytails tied high, while others let their long tresses flip freely with their motion. Anna, clad only in short-shorts and a sports bra with her heels, started her line on a series of slow squats, going a bit lower each time, flipping her red hair over her shoulder. The director called over the music, “Wonderful Anna! Keep it up everyone!” Castiel glanced up at the line of girls, coloring in a stripe of shadow in his sketch book as it hit the dark haired dancer in the back row.
Castiel huffed, cheeks flushing a deep red. “If you’re not interested, I’ll just leave.” He made to stand up. So much for this plan. If he left now, he could make a train on the Red Line up to Roosevelt.
Cas shrugged,” He was... annoying to say the least. He texted too much. The happiest I was with him was when he was ignoring me or busy.”
confused now. He didn’t think Cas would take his leaving this… personally. “I don’t—. Cas, we talked about me leaving. I have to go.“
“So you guys are good, then?” Sam asked one night after a movie marathon of the original Star Trek movies. “You seem… different since the last time I saw you.” He said to Dean.
“I mean, don’t you know how much it broke me up when I thought you were dead, or worse? I might save people for a living, but I guarantee I don’t go falling in lo—“ Dean stopped, finally. He couldn’t finish that sentence. He could barely be that honest with himself about how he felt, and he certainly wasn’t going to railroad Cas with that right now. Cas was openly weeping in front of him.
shouldn’t set himself up like this. He knew what would come of any time spent alone with Cas right now. He didn’t want to break his own heart—whatever was left of it—and he certainly didn’t want Cas to feel obligated or anything.
“No—!” Dean pulled back. Cas’s hair was rucked up by Dean’s hands. His lips were swollen and bitten-red. Cas raised his eyebrow like he had in the bar and Dean couldn’t let that go again without another kiss. “Don’t wanna go slow.” He was so desperate for it, but he didn’t even know what
Dean spooned a frankly frightening amount of pasta on a plate. “Nah, you’re not a mess, just a bit careless with your dirty socks. You wanna try some sauce or just butter?”
The man raised an eyebrow, clearly unimpressed at the interruption. He turned back to the group of students and clapped his hands. “Alright everyone, stay with me. Let’s run through it one more time, and then I promise to let you go.” The kids sighed and moved into new positions. The man snapped at one of the students intently typing on a keyboard, “Kyle, you start the scene. Get to it. Alright, from the top.”
Dean and Castiel shouldered into the Lincoln Manor after a ghost-free and (in Dean’s professional opinion) dully uneventful rehearsal. The wide bay window in the main seating area with stained glass inlaid hinted at its former occupation as the grandest hotel in Central City. Now though, kitschy knick-knacks ran along a ledge that circled the dining area, collecting dust that matched the thick layer covering the mirrors along the back wall. A pair of swinging saloon doors led to a darkened bar area where Dean could hear someone pretending to be good at piano in the next room. A pretty hostess met them when they approached the glass counter, heralding the room. She glanced up, eyes darting between Dean and Castiel under thick glasses. “Howdy, can I seat you boys?”
"No. But you do. Come on, I'll behave myself. No laughing. No shifting around. I'll be good." It wasn't exactly Dean he was worried about being good. Cas kept his eyes on his book.
They questioned everyone they saw. Most of the employees there on the weekend knew enough to keep their mouths shut and walk quickly past the perky blonde reporter and her dark haired partner, but this only made their grins wider. They knew they’d found a story, and they weren't leaving until they’re satisfied.
Dean was desperate for a subject change. They were here to get Cas’s mind off of getting fired, not make him wallow in it. “What was your ex like? Someone I gotta hunt down the next time I’m in Chicago?”
“Who else would change their contact info? You have like, what? Three contacts? Isn’t this your burner phone anyway?” Anna’s mouth was ticked up in a way that let Castiel know she was teasing… mostly. “How’s business tonight?”
“It’s not.” Castiel’s throat hurt with the sadness, “There’s just… there’s someone else, and I didn’t want it to be an issue, because it’s been… months since I’ve heard from him, but…”
Dean looked down to where Castiel was draped casually over his lap. Castiel shrugged. Dean looked back up at Sam. “Think so. We talked some stuff out. Think we’re in a better place.”
Castiel was a fucking virgin. Dean would have thought he was lying, but there was something about the kid that looked entirely too innocent to be playing whatever dangerous game he had going out on the streets. Dean believed him wholeheartedly. Even more so, after he witnessed the near-panic attack Castiel had while gearing up to sleep with him that first night. Dean wasn’t sure what he was thinking, inviting Castiel to spend the night at his place after making him an offer to essentially be his sugar daddy, but he knew he was more than gleeful when Castiel agreed to think about it.
If that was the problem, I’d just ask you to say.” He got around the bed and was backing Dean up into the wall. “The problem is that you can’t leave
“So what kind of dude is your boss?” He said as he pulled out a promising-looking folder titled ‘Staff Records’.
A smile stole across Dean’s handsome face. “Likewise, Anna. I’m still terrified of you, but… I can see why Cas likes you.”
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He settled on the truth. “I want you,” he starts. Dean snorts in derision. Castiel closed his eyes, "I feel like a kid. Like I'm just struggling to balance out this relationship a bit, but... I
Dean walked over to the window and peered out the blinds. “Damn reporters at the gate already, too.” He reached out to either side of himself and wrenched the curtains shut. “We’re trapped in here like a goddamn castle raid.”
Dean peppered little kisses all over his face and neck as they both calmed down. After a while, he slung himself to the side and draped an arm over Castiel’s chest. Castiel immediately scooted closer, sure of his welcome now, and nosed at the side of Dean’s face until he turned to let Castiel kiss him.
“You said that already, sweetheart,” Castiel’s insides jumped at the way Dean’s voice curved over the pet name, “but there’s a lot we gotta discuss first. Tell me where you are and I’ll come get you.”
“Artistic license, I promise.” Anna rolled her eyes and shoved him. Castiel picked up his gum eraser and carved out the face of the dancer in the foreground. “And anyway, you were doing well before that mishap. Especially for a new routine.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Back off, he’s mine. And he’s not just a walking ATM, Anna. He’s got depth.”
Mr. Winchester raised an eyebrow. “Preferably, not looking like you’re about to keel over right there. Why don’t we just take this one step at a time. You wanna sit down?”
“Got a lotta ideas that aren’t exactly about my company, sweetheart.” Dean growled, turning his head to get at Castiel’s mouth.
Dean tutted. “Easy, angel. Don’t let me get greedy.” He chuckled when Castiel thumped him on the head. “Maybe we’ll just speed things along, then.”
Everyone kept calling him Dean’s friend. Did they know why he was here? Did they suspect anything about why a strange man was suddenly in their guest room as if nothing was out of the ordinary about it?
Cas was looking at him with a curious expression, like he had almost figured Dean out, but wasn’t quite there yet. “Have you ever thought about kissing a man, Dean?”
“I meant it, you know. I’m ready.” He reached out and took Dean’s hand, who gave it eagerly. Dean’s thumb stroked over his, sending wayward sparks skittering over his skin.
Castiel wasn’t exactly sure where they were. They definitely weren’t in the city limits; they’d driven for over an hour west. They were practically out of the suburbs surrounding Chicago, parked up on a hill overlooking a small lake with a park nearby. They’d grabbed Burger King on the way out of town and were sharing a large order of fries between them. Dean moved his sunglasses to the top of his head, squinting in the afternoon sun until he moved the sun shade down.
“Dean!” The tears were there, running down his cheeks. He didn’t mean to cry, didn’t mean to let this affect him so badly right here in front of the man he l—really liked.
"Yeah, well. That's probably why we didn't last longer than that night. Now, be quiet, you're very distracting." Dean lapsed back into silence. Cas moved on to Dean's right hand, quietly marking the bones of Dean's fingers with his usual neat handwriting. Dean held up his left hand, turning it over in the light and reading the script.
need it bad. He led Cas back under the spray to rinse out his hair. He ducked forward and kissed gently along the shell of his ear when he was sure he wasn’t going to get shampoo in his mouth. He dropped his voice to a near-whisper. “Please Cas.” He laid a smooch along Cas’s shoulder for good measure, emboldened by the shudder he felt from Cas.
The guy squinted at him. “I’m calling the police.” He tried to stagger away, but Dean grabbed him and slammed him against the wall again. “Would you stop doing that?”
The man gripped Dean’s hand in kind, squinting. “Castiel Novak. So you really, really aren’t here about the lights, huh.”
“—what you have no compassion or respect for!” Adler shouted. He was thrown again. He hit the ground a little harder this time, the breath gusting out of him. He patted his pockets. His salt gun was several feet away and he had no chance of getting it from here. No blades, no nothing. Everything he could use to fight was strewn across the field from both his digging and getting tossed around like a volleyball. His ankle was starting to burn as well, indicating a sprain at best. He glanced back at the tree wildly and saw that Cas still hadn’t moved. Fuck, if he had gotten Castiel killed too on top of everything, he was gonna be
Dean clenched his jaw. He hadn’t meant to upset him this bad. “Where you gonna go?” Without Cas’s car, he’d have to go with Dean anywhere he wanted to go. He couldn’t expect Dean to let him walk alone out here at night. Maybe he’d be safe from getting jumped, but there could still be wild animals out here.
When Dean returned a few minutes later, he had changed into nice jeans and a henley, similar to what Sam himself had on.
“Sometimes those on the outside cannot understand what they are looking at, I suppose.” Sr. Guerrero said, sagely. “But what does Pollack care? He likes his paint splatters just fine.”
“It’s true! You don’t like it, but that’s the truth. You paid me to use me, and now you wanna feel bad about it? Why?” Castiel stopped to take a breath. Dean stared at him with a curious look that was caught between overwhelming sadness and affection. “Tell me why.” He demanded again.
Castiel had refused to take Missouri’s offer of hotel fare or even cab fare, instead asking if someone could just please open that huge goddamn gate so he could walk. He needed the space to think.
“If he wants to come back with me, I’d love to have him.” Anna had to admit that Dean had the genuine thing in spades. She believed him.
The two men walked down Jefferson Avenue, the whole street seemingly in a hurry. Not that it was a strange feeling in Chicago.
Balthazar had blinked and shuffled through a stack of papers, picking one with a series of red marks on it. “… you’re going to have the thirty-thousand amount in two weeks? Mr. Novak, our records show that last year, you struggled to make the minimum payment on your plan eight months out of the nine—“
“You know your neighbors?” Dean asked awkwardly, trying to be conversational. It wasn’t often he was in someone else’s apartment either for sex or bearing bad news. Sometimes both.
“Dean! Ah, this isn’t— oh my god, this isn’t what I thought we were… oh.” It felt like a finger. Castiel reasoned that it felt like a finger, because it was a finger. A buzzing finger covered in the most delightful sensations known to mankind and god is this what girls were able to feel all the time when they used vibrators and no wonder they did if it felt this good and—
” Castiel glared. Anna cackled and sat close to Castiel, avoiding the wad of gum when Castiel pointed it out to her. Castiel brandished his phone at her. “Change it back. I don’t wanna freak out again if I’m with a client and I get a text from Three-Skull Rando.” Anna rolled her eyes but took the phone.
Castiel drew until the presence of someone next to him startled him out of his state. Trevor slid down the wall, keeping his eyes on his girls. “How’s the Sistine Chapel going, Da Vinci?”
A note about all the weird paint names: the colors listed are actually the colors that I use to paint pretty much everything. They create brighter colors, and more variety than what you would think you would get from a primary red, yellow, and blue. Practically any color in the world you could ever want can be made with a combination of these three, plus white or black. That's why a printer uses these colors!
“But I also want you to know that if you get stuck, you can call me. I’ll come get you, no questions asked.”
possessing Adler—and who knows how many other people on his mad killing spree in the theater over the years. Whatever mojo he had, he was clearly made of something stronger than your average Casper. Dean profiled out Oswald as best he could on the worn pages, trying to include everything he and Cas had dug up. The timelines seemed to fit nicely together. When a death had occurred in the school, the principal or drama teacher never seemed to stick around long afterwards, and were usually replaced. If Oswald was jumping from person to person, he’d be able to stick around for a damn long time.
Dean didn’t fully relax until his feet were back on the ground, and he knew Castiel was glad to be out of harm’s way by the way he kept repeating,
“It’s fine. Charlie’s a genius at handling… everything. Press forgot about the whole thing in a week.”
Dean’s gaze grew heated. “You were so good, too. Kept reaching forward for me… I’d be happy to do that again if you liked it.”
behind the glasses. The man looked even younger up close. In fact, Dean might not put him more than two years over his own age.
Dean grimaced as he took off his jacket and laid it carefully over a chair. The same chair Trevor had slung his coat over not an hour ago. “Is it too shitty of me to say I don’t want to tell you?”
“Well…” Kevin fiddled with the pencil in his hand. “Okay, but take all this with a grain of salt. Like, I-know-I-fell-from-a-great-distance kinds of grain of salt.” He heaved a sigh. “I saw… a man. A—uh—a figure, maybe is the better term for it. It was the weirdest thing, because I could have sworn…” he trailed off. “See, this is going to be where it sounds weird.”
“Dean, I feel awful. I said some horrible things to you the other day, and I didn’t mean them.” Cas’s eyes were as wide as saucers, pleading with Dean. “I heard myself saying them, and I saw your face, and—and... and I don’t think I’ll ever get the image of watching your expression when I said it, but I couldn’t
at him. All traces of his previous alcohol buzz gone, he sat up to wrestle his jacket and shirts off. Cas’s hands landed on his thighs, stroking up and down in a way that Dean supposed was to soothe him, but just revved him up more. He couldn’t wait to get those hands on his bare skin.
He must have been writing for some time. The sunlight from the big windows was slanted differently by the time he looked up at the sound of a doorknob turning. Dean relaxed the reflexive grip on the hilt of his pistol when he saw it was Cas letting himself in. He was dressed in his usual day wear, which means that he had planned to leave before Dean found him in the living room this morning.
he was looking for, just anything that seemed out of place. He kept an ear on the practice at the front, hoping they’d finish up sooner rather than later.
“You want my blessing.” Anna thought it was rather poetic. She supposed she was one of the closest things Castiel had to actual blood-relatives anymore. Most of his surviving family was in Illinois, but he neither spoke of them, nor seemed to care about their wellbeing. It seemed almost fitting that the man vying for Castiel’s hand would go through her. No matter how ill-advised and stupid it was for him to try.
Dean knew he’d have to throw that dildo away. Castiel was sure to leave him when he found out what he’d done, and he'd appreciate as few reminders of what could have been as he could manage. He couldn’t save the blue angel, and for that, he had to work with what he had.
With a chuckle, Dean leaned in again. “Stop looking at me like that, man. You’re the prize here, not me.” He grabbed Castiel’s hand and towed him towards the sitting area. Dean sat down first and pulled Castiel on top of him. But it wasn't right—Castiel was facing the television and Dean shifted him so that he was leaned against Dean’s left arm, not facing him at all.
“Oh shit.” Dean heard himself whine, and he leaned his head back, gaping up at the ceiling as Cas wasted no time pulling his zipper down and reaching inside to pull him out. He’d had plenty of blow jobs before, but the fact that it was Cas—the same person who’d been driving him crazy all day—made it that much sweeter.
“Just leave, Dean.” Dean froze at the words. The anger in Cas’s eyes was overwhelming now. “You’re a hunter. I have nothing in common with people like you. My luck, I’ll end up dead from something hunting
Dean hurriedly unbuttoned his shirt, tossing it behind him. He sank to his knees and roughly pulled Castiel’s legs apart.
“Cas, look at this.” Dean pushed the stack across the table. “After 1930, the deaths start spiking, look—“ He paged through a dozen or more reports. “1931—four teachers gone, three because of death; 1932—
Dean’s heart sunk. “I… can be gone. Sorry, I didn’t…?” He fumbled and started to pull away. He was sure his pants were on the floor beside them, but his shirt might still be out in the living room. He was stopped by Cas tightening his limbs around Dean’s.
Ice coursed through Castiel’s veins at Trevor’s words. He remembered Dean saying the same phrase exactly to him in the middle of his overly-clean living room, right before they started this mess.
Back in the darkness of Dean’s car, which Castiel noted was an Impala by the shiny silver script on the tail, he inched his hand over by Dean’s again, hoping against hope that Dean wouldn’t push him away if he made it clear he wasn’t trying to cause trouble. He wanted to feel connected to the man by skin again, even if it was just by meager hand contact. He didn’t dare look, but breathed out a sigh of relief when Dean’s warm fingers wove between his. He let the lightness of the contact fill him up and carry him out of the car when it stopped in front of Dean’s enormous castle of a house, through the dignified living room, and into the hallway outside of the study. Dean opened the door and Castiel caught his wary gaze, wondering if Castiel would walk out again, this time for good.
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry! It—I didn’t…” The man crowded himself along the opposite wall, trying to give Castiel as much room as he could in the small space. Castiel tucked himself back in his pants and pulled the rest of his body onto the counter. He took a deep breath.
When Castiel shook his head, Dean immediately grabbed the tablet remote and pulled up the guide. Castiel protested, but was ignored and handed the tablet. Dean snatched back the ice cream. “Just don’t pick Twilight or something like that.”
He whipped his cell phone out of his pocket and thumbed through until he could get to Anna’s contact page, thankful he’d had the presence of mind to charge the phone last night. He pressed Call and held the phone up to his ear, not sure if he could speak.
As Castiel started up the car, Anna stowed her bag in the backseat. “So are you and Trevor gonna bang or not?”
“Trust me sweetheart, you’re never gonna have to buy another paintbrush or canvas again. I’ll get you what you need.” Mr. Winchester stood up and stuffed his hands in his jacket pockets, still impeccably put together at the late hour in his leather jacket. “And you know what I want, so… it’s yours if you want it.”
He whined. “I’ll come for you. I’m really close. So close.” Dean zipped the vibrator across his balls and Castiel jerked up, almost sitting. He felt the strain of his abs and arms from sitting that way, but he didn’t care. The heat in his stomach was spreading to his face. He was blushing so hotly, he felt like the flames might burst out of him.
“I’m gay, Dean.” Cas swung around. Eyes blazing and chest heaving. “The only reason I got this job is because my great aunt was on the school board.”
“Rookie mistake, Anna,” Castiel stretched his arms over his head, relishing the pop of his shoulder. “You don’t bag the billionaire, the billionaire bags you. You gotta make your time seem worth the money.” He slipped past Anna to the fridge, where he pulled out a bottle of water. He offered one to Anna as well.
Dean agreed. Overhead, a tinny bell sounded, driving the throng of students bustling down the hallway. A few said hello to Castiel as they passed. Soon, they were left in an empty hallway.
Squinting, Dean swung around and headed for the main lights. “Guess I never considered the second option, really. I’ve been doing this as long as I can remember.”
They could have stopped the conversation there, just chalked it up to an awkward question asked over too many beers. But now, Dean had to know. The question was buzzing in his skull like a mosquito.
“As long as it wasn’t something I did.” Trevor said, scrubbing a hand through his hair. “I know it’s hard being… out in a town as small as this. I don’t want to make things hard on you, you just got here and all.” He smiled kindly. Castiel’s heart clenched with how badly he wanted to like Trevor. He’d had so few genuinely nice guys interested in his time.
Castiel wasn't sure why he was trusting Dean with this so soon. He barely knew the man and he had already let Dean suck him down and rut against him until he came spectacularly. And here he was, seriously considering entering a regular sexual relationship with him.
“Dean, we need lube for this to work. I need to get to my desk.” Dean hopped off of him, surprisingly steady on his feet for having come so soon and so hard before. He quickly slid open the desk’s only drawer and held up the bottle of lube, bringing it back and stood before Cas. He considered Cas where he laid. Cas looked up at him questioningly, before Dean held out a hand, and hoisted Cas up, only to push him down on the nearest bed, which happened to be Dean’s. He then stroked his thumb across Cas’s hips, and settled over him, back in his place across Cas’s lap like he fucking belonged there.
“I think you’d benefit from someone more… experienced calling the shots for a while, at least in this situation.” Dean steepled his fingers and mirrored Castiel’s expression back at him. He was acting the part of a hard-hitting negotiator, Castiel could tell.
“I watched one that said it was supposed to do something weird to your brain, like… as-mer? I dunno.”
Castiel hated how the choices he had made had defined him. He was a small town boy still trying to figure out the workings of the big city. He was a scrappy art student, struggling to make a name for himself in an overly crowded and suffocating scene, he was a whore for one of the richest men in Chicago, who paid to flirt outrageously with him, without even doing him the decency of taking his virginity.
“Goddammit, you stupid son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, hating how shaky he sounded. “Come here, sweetheart. Is anything broken?” Cas’s face had various cuts and bruises, but Dean couldn’t help but take it into his hands. He swept his thumbs over Cas’s cheeks, clearing away a stripe of grime and—Dean cringed—dried tears. How could he have allowed this to happen?
“It is a big deal if you feel bad about it.” Castiel tightened his grip. He’d already almost lost this man to miscommunication, he wasn’t about to recreate the same feat twice in a night.
Dean swallowed, the feeling of his heart in his throat. “He left, Sam. I—I made him leave. He’s gone.”
“Sure you still can’t tell me what you’ve got under that sheet?” Castiel tried to appear casual as he put down his base coat of flesh-tone paint.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel looked down at the table, tapping his fingers aimlessly on the surface of the table. The slight crease between his eyes told Dean he wasn’t being the best distractor from all the issues going on in Cas’s brain right now.
He was pleased this aspect of Dean’s personality hadn’t changed at least. He dutifully endured his big brother teasing him the whole way to the condo.
Castiel shook his head. “My advanced group doesn’t meet until second period, and then I have two classes of intro level drama before lunch.”
So the painting’s irises stayed blank for the most part. Castiel had outlined definition for the iris, lines that made it look like a nebula exploding within the depths of the eye. When he had taken an astronomy course in high school he had been fascinated by how similar a close up of the human eye looked to a photograph taken from the Orion Nebula. Art and science bound together.
Dean clapped Castiel on the back. “Cas, that’s the smartest thing you’ve said all day. They’ll probably have records for that kinda thing dating way back, don’t you think?”
Practically bouncing on his feet in hope, Cas replied, “Are you kidding? This is the most interesting thing to happen all year! If this does end up being true, it’ll be much more exciting than anything this dumb show has to offer.”
“Good. Because I was really hoping that we could maybe do this again.” Cas said. Dean rolled over and put his hand over his eyes, chuckling.
What people finally might not know about Dean Winchester is that he is lonely. He missed going out with Charlie on Fridays to the hole-in-the-wall dive after work. They no longer reveled in their weekly ritual after Charlie moved in with Gilda From Accounting™ and Dean had more meetings to go to than time for bar crawls. He had his big house, far too big for just him, since he had fired most of his staff for being incompetent—“They can’t be incompetent if you don’t tell them how you want stuff done!” “She touched my car, Sammy!”—and one shouldn't go looking for love in a boardroom. But he was young. He was 30 years old, had all of his parents’ devilishly good looks, and a sexy-ass car to boot. The problem had to be with him, right?
“I mean it. Fuck off.” Cas flapped a hand at him and turned to go stand by the window. The reflection of the light in the window outlined Cas’s dark figure in the glass.
Dean didn’t have time to grace Castiel with a witty retort of what else was thick. The hostess returned with a balding man in his early sixties at least. The man stuck out a wrinkled hand, dotted with liver spots, for Dean to meet. “Ron Kaiser, owner and manager. How are ya?”
“No, this was… this was my last shot.” Castiel stopped pacing and stared down at the pavement between his shoes.
Thank you for sticking with this story, even though the weird posting schedule, and the emotional highs and lows. I appreciate every time you comment and leave kudos on this story. It has truly been a pleasure to write for you.
Castiel would have yelled. He was bratty, hotheaded, spirited when he thought he could get away with it, and never anything less than exactly himself—even when he thought he had to put on a show. Dean loved it to pieces about him, and could have punched something when Castiel took Dean’s offer to leave so quickly and without a fight. He didn’t want to send Castiel away. It was the last thing he wanted. He wanted to bundle Castiel up in his house, make a nest with the softest blankets he owned, and tune out the news, the cameras, every prying eye that told Castiel he was rough trade, or not worth his place at Dean’s side. Because they were wrong. They were all wrong. Dean knew he’d drag Castiel down with his shit. He’d known it from the very start. He took a perfectly good kid—maybe a little rough around the edges from a few too many tough-but-necessary choices—and broke his heart and stole his future.
“I dunno, I don’t think it looks as bad as yesterday.” Cas said as he looked in the mirror, gingerly touching the area below his black eye.
“Well, no arguments there.” Cas looked at Dean, worry apparent in his eyes. “We have to tell someone about this, Dean. This is bad.”
am starting at city hall tomorrow morning to try and dig up some historical information about the school. Freaky deaths, tax fraud, that kinda thing. And since you’re fresh meat around here, you ain’t exactly going to be useful for this.”
“We can clear you out a space in the garage! You can work right next to me.” Dean sounded like he had been thinking of this for a while.
They tumbled around, throwing arms and fists. Dean was trying to be careful not to actually hurt Cas, but the ghost was making things difficult. His watch got smashed to bits, and he knew he caused more than a few nasty bruises. He got in a solid hit to Cas’s left eye and Dean winced. That was definitely going to bloom into a righteous shiner.
“Yeah, I really fucking want it.” Dean breathed into him, pressing up at an angle to get at Cas’s mouth.
“I definitely get it. If I wasn’t such a greedy bastard myself, I wouldn’t even dare to put Castiel through this.”
Trevor chuckled. “Hey, I’ll get it right on Jeopardy now. Thanks for the help.” He looked over and gave Castiel a warm smile. “Nice to see you again.”
“What, like he’s your sugar daddy or something?” Anna giggles, but stops as soon as she realizes that Castiel isn’t joking. “Jesus, Castiel, how old is he? Is it— you know, is it worth it?”
Castiel’s worst fears were being realized right before his eyes. Dean didn’t want him anymore. Didn’t want to deal with the hassle of the drama he brought with him wherever he went. Dean wanted him gone so bad, he was willing to pay him to get out of town as fast as he could.
When Castiel came to the next morning, swaddled in the thick comforter of Dean’s enormous bed, it was to the shrill sound of his cell phone going off at least seven times in succession. The chilly AC-cooled bedroom was enough to keep Dean close through the night, and he waved his hand vaguely in the direction of the sound as he groaned for Castiel to turn his damn phone off. Rolling over, Castiel thumbed it awake and immediately pressed the switch on the side to silence the ringer. He sighed, thirteen texts from Anna, and several missed phone calls from numbers he didn’t recognize. He pulled up the texts from Anna.
“Dean—!” Castiel was pinned, both by Dean’s words and his body slung so carelessly over his. He was trapped, completely unable to go anywhere, and utterly unwilling to be anyplace other than here.
He smiled and hugged her. “I’ll call if I need you—but don’t panic if I don’t come home tonight. I’ll text you, either way.”
The room had only one bed in it, early-November sunlight streaming through the window. A boy with neatly-parted black hair sat upright in the bed, flicking through a thick textbook. Various notebooks and papers scattered around him spoke of an ambitious kid trying like hell to get out of this small town. A long, jagged scar cut through his left eyebrow onto his cheek and down to his chin. The stitches were clearly doing their job, but he would probably be left with a nasty scar. Dean could see the hint of a cast on his left leg under the blanket as well. The kid looked up when the door opened, and his face lit up when he saw Cas.
lucky, even cozy up under a threadbare motel blanket with him to stave off the cold. He couldn’t do this on the road business forever, but maybe with some time to get used to the idea, he’d have a better reason to quit altogether. Dean twisted this over in his head before he spoke, quietly. “But if I asked you to come with me, you would?”
The man, Bobby, huffed and lowered his newspaper a bit. “Well, good to know you finally made some friends with personality.” He took a sip from his mug and put the paper back up, like that was the end of the conversation.
“I’m not letting you ‘do your thing’.” Dean had to fight an eye roll at Novak’s use of air quotes. “Especially now that I know you’re crazy and think that ghosts are real.”
“Am I just too dirty for you to really fuck me?” He took a few hesitant steps towards the stairs. “Gonna go wash your mouth out to get the taste out off your tongue?” Castiel heard himself overreacting and didn’t try to stop it, he was too mad.
“I—I’ve never…” Castiel felt as if he was blushing furiously while also having all the blood drain from his face simultaneously.
Of course, Cas still had to answer for the remarks made to the crowd at the end of the final performance, and the destruction of the theater. Adler didn’t take kindly to the insults or the frightened crowd stampeding from the auditorium, no matter who was possessed at the time. Cas was still fired, and was still ordered to leave the school, but he was able to attend the cast party. With conditions of another teacher supervising the party in the gym.
Really, this was already going better than the last dinner invitation he had extended Dean, which was ignored pointedly until he gave up and left the room. He’d received a text later with only one word,
He checked around the curtains, tugged at all the ropes experimentally, he even straight-up asked the spirit to come out. Nothing did anything. If this was an angry spirit, it was certainly one of the quieter ones he’s met.
Dean hesitated, but shook his head. Castiel looked away and nodded, pulling his hand back, where it felt cold without Dean’s breath.
for it. “Can I fuck you?” His breath hitched when Cas nodded, spreading his legs slightly. Cas stuck his own finger in his mouth, coating it in saliva, before reaching down past the cock Dean couldn’t wait to get his hands and mouth on, and rubbed lightly over his own hole. Dean was sucked in the sight, and reached out to where Cas was touching himself. Cas grabbed his wrist and sucked his middle finger down. Dean groaned at the sight Cas made and the feel of his fingertip bumping up against Cas’s soft palate. His finger was well and truly slicked, but Cas kept sucking because—well, Dean had a sneaking feeling that Cas was trying to show off and make him hot. And it was working. When he pulled the digit out slowly, Dean reached down to where Cas’s hand had been and with the most gentle of pressure, rubbed over the skin there. He listened to Cas’s breath hitch, and leaned in to kiss him again.
Dean had to bite back a totally inappropriate grin. Boyfriend, huh? Well well, Mr. Novak. “Working late at the school theater again, you know Cas. Trying to clean up after the show.” In a town this small, the nurse was likely to know Cas from around town and knew what he did for a living... even if she didn’t know the specifics of his relationship with his alleged
A quick glance to his right told him that the stranger was still looking at him. He was also still very much alone. Castiel chewed his lip for a second. Might as well try to salvage the night. Plus, it wouldn't be too much of a hardship to have this stranger’s cock in his mouth. He might even do it for free.
Dean’s broken in to a lot of places. He’s broken out of more, but that’s usually the easier part of his gig anyway. He couldn’t help but think about the last time he’d thought this very thought as he was jimmying the lock on Cas’s door. The lights were off, and given the time, it was pretty dark in the rest of Cas’s neighborhood. The grocery store’s sodium yellow lights were humming faintly, but on a Saturday night, it was close to being deserted in a town this small. Only one of Cas’s upstairs neighbors had lights on, and judging by the volume of the television Dean could hear through the window, the occupant was old enough to not be Dean’s problem right now.
Dean clapped half-heartedly, hoping Cas would dismiss everyone to the atrium for snacks so they could talk. The lights never came up, though. The parents went on clapping, and the kids bowed again. It was clear, though, that they thought this would be done by now too. The kids kept glancing to the side of the stage, like someone was over there. Dean leaned forward.
Castiel held his phone between them as he opened the app to the message from menage-a-douze35 again. Anna wrinkled her nose, but giggled. “Come on, click on his profile, he’s gotta have a mirror selfie or two. Oooh Castiel, maybe he’ll have a gym pic! Wouldn’t that just be dreeeaaaaaammy—?”
Cas studied him for a moment, before saying quietly. “Probably should keep it professional from here on out, though, right?” Cas’s expression tightened, his smile turning small and forced. Probably feeling every bit of Dean’s awkwardness about the experience.
The way Cas’s expression softened as he looked Dean’s way had his knees go a little weak. They drifted closer to each other. He tracked the way Cas’s blue gaze darted from his own eyes to his mouth and back again, seemingly unable to settle on one. Dean also didn’t miss the way Cas reached out to his sleeve, latching on with long fingers that Dean could still remember branding into his skin and against his ass. “Maybe I was a bit hasty when I said that we should keep things professional from here on out.” Cas murmured. Dean couldn’t think or get enough brain cells in order to tell him that
Dean shook his head and stalked forward, placing his hands on the armrests of Castiel’s chair, much like how they had been the previous day. Again, Castiel backup up, pressing himself into the fabric of the chair. He looked up into Dean’s green eyes and felt all the breath leave his body. Dean’s face was coming closer and closer to his, shrinking the space between their lips and Castiel was ready—Dear god, he was so ready to have this again…
“Yes!” Castiel ducked his head to lean against Dean’s muscled shoulder, feeling the sweat of his forehead slip against Dean’s skin but utterly uncaring.
He opened the bedroom door as quietly as he could. Cas was in his small living room, also in his boxers, standing at the window, holding the curtains apart as he watched the activity in the parking lot of the grocery store across the street. He had his cell phone up to his ear, and was listening intently. As Dean walked closer, he could hear a tinny voice speaking rather quickly and with some amount of anger.
But every time Dean starts down that path, he has to mentally shake himself. If he gets too caught up in the what-ifs, he ends up looking down the neck of a bottle of Jack, and he’d like to wake up without a headache at least once this week. He knows Missouri and Bobby are worried. He knows Sam is stressed about trying to get him out of the house and into some sense of normalcy again. He knows he at least needs to push himself into moving on, even if it doesn’t feel genuine right now, at least for his family’s sake. He’s sick and tired of feeling so broken up about this, the guilt is crushing him. What hurts him more is that he doesn’t have any idea where Castiel could be. Jo offered to find out more than once, but he turned her down each time. Castiel deserved more than Dean stalking him out of a broken heart. He didn’t deserve to be in Castiel’s presence right now. So he spends time alone and he thinks and he handles things.
Castiel playfully punched her arm. “Whatever, come on. I gotta hot date tonight.” He tried to keep a straight face, even though Anna was gagging between fits of giggling. The two stood and walked arm-in-arm to the end of the block. “Are you going in again later?”
“You know, it’s not… bad to want to be with someone, Castiel. Like, again. You can have… something again.” Anna said quietly.
Food did sound good. He hadn’t eaten all day and he wasn’t looking forward to a whole night of being hungry. “No funny business?”
“Alright, alright, you come into my house and disrespect me like this…” Dean was beaming through his embarrassed blush. He came closer and tugged Castiel in for a quick kiss. “What’s up, Cas? Sleep well? And do I smell Missouri’s cooking?”
“You have to get out of here,” Dean said, breathless, gently untangling Cas’s hand, pressing a kiss he knew he was going to regret to the wrecked knuckles. “I’ll take care of this.” He promised.
If possible, Cas’s eyes went a little wider the longer he listened, despite the shiner. It was clear that Cas had no idea how Dean felt either, and what a great feeling to add to Dean’s conscience right now. He could see tears welling up in the other man’s eyes again, but he was too angry and heartbroken to pull any punches right now.
Nothing else. Dean really wasn’t going to pressure Castiel into this. Castiel leaned back and looked up at the trees. He waited a full minute before returning to the chat window.
Mr. Winchester brushed the excess salt off his hands as he finished off the last of Castiel’s fries. “We do a lot of things. Got our hands in a wide variety of things. But we’ll talk about that later; do you want to come home with me?”
To save Castiel gaping like a fish, Dean jumped back in. “We restore classic cars for a hell of a price. I’ve seen some of the motors people got in their driveways. Seems a shame to let them rust, you know?”
“Why don’t you come with me?” Dean was grasping at straws. It was a seat-of-the-pants offer, but the longer it hung in the air, the more Dean didn’t mind the idea. “Let’s go somewhere else. Let’s go to California or somewhere nice. Take a few days, but—“
It was several long minutes in the quiet as their breathing returned to normal and the sweat cooled on their skin. “You lasted surprisingly long for your first time with a man.” Castiel mused. Dean grinned at the feel of his low voice rumbling through his chest right under Dean’s ear.
Silence fell between them again as their laughter died out. “Dean, what are we going to do?” He hoped Dean knew he meant beyond today’s craziness. They couldn’t stay out here in the suburbs forever, and they certainly couldn't hide from the media.
“Sorry, Mr. Adler. Just tripped, is all.” Castiel said, grimacing at the frown Adler left them with as he went to discipline a student standing on a bench by the window.
He hadn’t meant to run into someone like Cas, he didn’t mean to single the young man out of the crowd. But the mess of dark brown hair, coupled with the enormous bright blue eyes made him fairly hard to miss. He was thin, Dean noticed, and he was pretty sure it wasn’t because he watched what he ate. Dean had a feeling this guy had had some tough luck. He kept looking around like he was waiting for someone too. Dean found that to be a shame, but unsurprised that someone who looked like that (that jawline though) could be alone for long.
Dean shook his head. “Startin’ to think that was an oversight on my part.” He reached down to Castiel’s belt buckle, the clinking sound it made extra loud in this space. It was a reminder of what he was about to do, to see, to feel. “Wanna see you, please.”
Aiming for Cas’s apartment, the ride was silent. The town wasn’t very big, so there wasn’t much ground to cover, but this silence was brutal. Dean could feel the waves of anger and frustration coming off of Cas from a foot away.
It was chaos outside too. Parents were caught between outrage that a teacher had spoken that way about their precious child, and others were worried the same teacher had suffered a psychotic breakdown. The sheriff was questioning a few students and Dean heard their responses.
Castiel liked the woman, thought she could have a wicked sense of humor when she wanted to, but he really hated her right now. The way that Dean let his head fall back into the overly fluffy pillows told him that Dean was having similar thoughts.
"Why won't you let me touch you?" Castiel asked, and hated how close his voice sounded to breaking again.
He felt Dean shift as he shrugged. “Probably would have happened sooner than later.” Dean chuckled. “Feels kinda illicit, though, doesn’t it? Sneaking around from the press.”
“And… all of the ribs are numbered…” Cas tried to keep his voice steady as he listed off the numbering system for the ribcage and walked his fingers down each ridge. Dean’s skin felt positively on fire now. Cas was almost sure he heard a slight whimper from Dean as he skated around Dean’s skin, trailing lower to trace over his ribs. He froze and chanced a look up at Dean. The smirk was gone from Dean’s face, replaced by a heat in his eyes. His mouth was open a tiny bit. His face held a sort of lost look, which caused a rush of heat to Cas’s groin. He looked down quickly. Cas refused to jeopardize their friendship by making a move on his very male friend. Dean was the best roommate he had ever had, and for a random roommate assignment, Cas knew he was lucky. He studiously went back to counting and marking ribs and put his tongue between his teeth as he lightly wrote on the skin.
“Okay, okay kid, take it easy. Please sit down?” Castiel came back to himself and noted how Mr. Winchester was holding himself—like he was trying to keep as much space between the two of them as possible. Maybe he had changed his mind? Maybe he didn't want Castiel after all?
Dean hadn’t known about this entrance the first time he’d gone in. They wound through a long hallway filled with spare music stands, choir robes, and yet another giant cardboard cutout of a buffalo (“
“Yell at me, call me names. Something I can work with!” Castiel hated himself for the tears he could feel gathering. He was really that guy who was going to pout and cry because the man he wanted didn’t want him in return, and wasn’t putting up a fight or doing anything to save whatever scrap of something he thought they had.
“I can’t be with anyone else, either, Cas. I’m miserable too.” Dean finally let go of the door and stepped towards Castiel. He approached like Castiel was a frightened animal and Castiel just wanted to press himself so tightly to Dean that they couldn’t separate again if they tried.
Castiel rolled his shoulders back and turned towards the handsome stranger. He felt a genuine smile, not just his customer one, bloom across his face to meet the man’s widening grin as Castiel came towards him.
Adler continued, unaware, “You’re lucky I don’t call the police, and you—“ he turned his accusing finger on Dean, who jumped at the sudden attention. “I don’t know who you are, but you and Novak are barred from ever entering this school again.”
“Do I want to know about demons?” Cas asked, gasping into the air of the living room as Dean set out to give him a hickey that matched his.
Dean’s eyes hardened. “Even if it happens in the middle of a scene— no, especially if it happens in the middle of a scene, you have to tell me and I’ll make it right. But that’s the kicker. I’m trusting you to tell me when to stop. You can’t let me go further than you’re willing to go, because then it isn't fun anymore. Understand?”
Dean couldn’t disagree, especially when Cas proceeded to show how much he enjoyed kissing him by pulling him sideways so they lay atop one another. Dean lost his t-shirt quickly, and Cas was running his hands over his chest, thumbing across his nipples with pleasurable electricity thrumming between them. Despite his best intentions, Dean likely wasn’t getting it up again soon. He could still feel his stomach muscles jumping from his orgasm as Cas tried to rile him up again. He could still get Cas hot though, and—given the impressive erection Cas was grinding into his hip—that was his current goal.
Striding forward, Dean would slowly advance on Castiel, making him back up into his work bench. “Gonna be hard to remember that when I’m lookin’ at my favorite treasure.” Dean would press forward and capture Castiel’s mouth with his own. Castiel would surrender to his will in almost no time.
Castiel hadn’t. The guy on screen was running as fast as he could, while vehicles were exploding on either side of him. He yelled something into a walkie-talkie and was met by static. It could have been any number of movies. Trust Dean to like generic action movies.
“Bullshit. They left you in charge of all of these kids on your own? Where’s the actual director or leader or whatever you call him?”
“I never meant to give it to you like this, and I was terrified you’d read it after you left and just throw it away or burn it.”
“And you know, right away? Who you’d like to kiss?” Dean asked like there was any possible way Cas would turn him down.
Dean hummed in agreement. After a while, he leaned back and took hold of Castiel’s thighs again. He lifted Castiel off the car and took them back to the sectional that had almost been the spot of their first time. Dean sat down and held Castiel in his lap. Their come was cooling in their boxers and they were both still covered in sweat and evidence of their hobbies, but neither of them cared.
Inside the car, Dean was sputtering. “Cas… Castiel, listen—I know this is weird timing, and I’m probably the last person you wanna see right now—“
Cas sighed. “I know a pity fuck when I see one. I just want you to know I’m not expecting you to... reciprocate how I feel—or anything.” He finished, suddenly bashful again.
He followed Trevor down the stairs, silence hanging above them almost oppressively. They stood outside the front door for a moment under the florescent light in the main arch. Trevor hesitated, chewing on his lip for a second.
When he hung up with Sam, promising to see him in half an hour or so, his unread text flashed on the screen. He blinked as he read the name again. Jo hadn’t texted him in ages. She moved out of Ellen’s apartment above the Roadhouse a few years ago, wanting to make her own way in the city. She hadn’t accepted money from either Ellen or Dean, claiming she didn’t need anyone’s charity. It spoke to how long Dean had gone without having a proper conversation with Ellen that he wasn’t really sure what she was up to nowadays.
Castiel took a breath. “I actually came to see if you’d let me run home for a few hours. I need to drop off a check for Anna, and I wanted to grab a few things. I’ll come right back.”
“Because I’m almost fifteen minutes out from where you are, so if you keep talking to me, that’s less time you have to fight your own head, dummy.”
“Dean mentioned you might need some things washed since you left your things at your place and won’t get a chance to get them until later.”
Across the screen, in big white letters: WINCHESTER LLC CEO HIRES MALE ESCORT FOR ‘PRETTY WOMAN’ FANTASY.
Holding up a hand gently, Winchester stood slowly. “She’s right, Cas. I got— I got a lot to answer for. I know it.” He looked pleadingly at Castiel.
"You want to write the different names of my body parts? This is getting really kinky," Dean said, smirking down at Cas. He was met with a glare. "Yeah, sure. Have at it. This'll be fun to explain tomorrow."
“What if it’s not just one actress though?” Dean continued down, pausing to scrape lightly at the peeling paint from the wall.
The spirit dropped Novak, leaving him to crumple to the ground. Rounding on Dean, the spirit rushed him, soaring twenty yards before Dean could whip another shot, this one aimed for something serious. He cocked the gun again and loosed another shot that caught the spirit in the left pectoral, causing him to flicker and disappear. He knew it wasn’t the last he’d see of the ghost, but he at least had a good idea of who he might me looking for to ID the fucker.
Dean huffed. “Don’t look at me like that, I don’t know paint like you,” he said, standing up a few tubes of paint that had fallen over. “The designers just say that the blue we pick will ‘define the brand’ or whatever. That seems like a lot of pressure on a single color.”
The car careened around a turn and broke out of a patch of trees, into a clearing of road where Castiel could see the water sparkling merrily against the dull navy sky again. Just as suddenly, the road changed again into neat cobblestones, a surface Castiel thought Mr. Winchester wouldn’t allow his prized black car. If the way he spoke about the machine was any indication of its worth, this car had no business carrying plain folk passengers.
Castiel felt the adrenaline hit his system, heart rate speeding up and palms sweating. His eyes glanced back towards his shoes, and tried to calculate if he could make the front door before Mr. Winchester. Would he need to run? It wasn't often that johns tried to offer him one thing and take another, but it did happen. A night’s wages lost was never worth more than his safety though, and he took pride in his ability to pack up and get out quick. If he grabbed his shoes, he could at least make it down to the ridiculously huge gate before Mr. Winchester could catch him. Perhaps if he was convinced Castiel had already made it out, he would open the gate to come after him, giving Castiel time enough to escape and head the opposite direction of that black monstrosity of a car.
dead lovers. The first wife of Carmichael Hubbard, Caroline was her name, was out one night. 1920s, you know, very prohibition-era gangster type stuff.” Andy leaned in for effect. “She didn’t like the business her husband was getting into; thought he was dragging down the family name. She confronted him... ol’ Carmichael killed her.”
Castiel stood as well, and all but wrapped himself around Dean. His heart was so full, and he was sure he was grinning deliriously. “I want to go home. With you. And Bobby and Missouri and the garage and everything else.”
Cas shuffled through his stack, licking his finger to page through the reports. “I think I was supposed to write one of these when Kevin got injured. Adler told me he’d take care of it.”
Novak nodded shakily. “I wouldn’t have believed it if it hadn’t grabbed me and shoved me around. It’s hands felt like ice.”
Dean rolled his eyes. The sooner this dude left Dean to his business, the sooner this guy could get back to his dumb production without worrying about any more students getting hurt. Or worse, possessed.
“Do you think it makes me look tough or just stupid?” Cas raised his eyebrow at himself, looking this way and that.
“You always give me what I want, even if it’s not necessarily what you want. I can return the favor.”
The library wasn’t open at this time of night, so Dean figured it was time to settle down for the night. He wound up across the block and down the street from the high school at the hotel he had seen earlier. The buzzing sodium flare lights and the creaking AC units made Dean feel right at home.
Castiel reached down to pull Dean’s jeans down below his ass, so they could grind together without as much fabric in the way. As soon as he was relatively free, Dean pulled them forwards and just laid into Castiel, pushing his erection against Castiel’s. His eyes were so bright and wild-looking. When Castiel leaned back a bit, holding himself up with his hand, Dean followed, the new angle pulling sounds out of both of them.
“No! No, that’s a whole other conversation, and I think we need some time before we even consider that—“
“Kinda lonely outlook.” Dean wasn’t wrong. They were renting the house together, but that could easily change once Dean found a nice girl or boy or... person to settle down with. He was a good looking guy, good with his hands, nice laugh—it wouldn’t be hard for him at all. Cas could very easily be alone, very easily.
Cas flushed. “He was fun. We met my sophomore year while he was finishing up business school. It was very secretive, lots of illicit meetings and burner phones.”
The grin on Gabriel’s face was absolutely gleeful now. “Hoooooooo boy. Dean-o has really got himself in some trouble this time, hasn’t he? Tell me, did he come looking for you, or were you trolling for a sucker and came across him?”
“I’m not going to put your number in my phone, because I want you to have the choice to start this. No pressure from me at all, it’s entirely up to you. Call me if you need anything. Please.”
"Come on, Cas. Come on, what's this bone called?" Dean help up his hand and pointed somewhere to the left of the center of his palm. Cas pushed his glasses up his nose.
Cas tilted his head, his cobalt gaze boring into Dean’s, and Dean had to admit he was much less buzzed than he realized or would have liked to be for this conversation. “You must be pretty drunk if you’re asking me that.” He suddenly chuckled, like he was nervous.
Suddenly, Dean went lower, tonguing over his balls, following the line of smooth skin all the way back to his hole. He stiffened under the kitten licks Dean paid him, and buried one hand in Dean’s hair while the other one gripped the edge of the seat so hard, he was sure he’d damage it. The tongue underneath him flicked filthily, dipping in, swirling around, and teasing its way back out again.
“Uh—no family life. My parents are dead, and I don’t have any siblings.” Cas frowned harder at the table before looking up. “Really, I was just getting away from my ex.”
“Something about him. Not that I’m a bigot or anything, but you know... sometimes these liberal types... bit strange what they get up to in their private time.”
Dean sighed and glanced down to his EMF reader. This was definitely the place. Lights flashed along the top, marking that there was definitely some hinky shit going on in this room. He really didn’t want to leave and come back later, risking another suspicious entrance on the side. The dude said he wasn’t going to take much longer, and if he could keep up the disguise of a school employee, he might have a better shot at getting this done faster.
- Not too long. They had an interesting relationship based more on camaraderie than any real affection. They both were eager to get the press off their backs and met at a holiday function for one of the bigger businesses in town. There was a lot of drunken sex and some accidental cuddling in between complaining about life in the spotlight. Bela liked that Dean lived out of the city and gave her space to think. Dean liked that Bela wasn’t after his money and was polite to Missouri and Bobby. They broke it off extremely amicably after they realized they had gone three months without any real romantic progress.
After what felt like hours—he didn’t know without his watch—a different nurse appeared in the doorway. Dean stood, nearly taking the coffee table with him. The nurse visibly stifled a laugh, and cleared her throat.
Raising an eyebrow, Cas pursed his lips and set down his beer glass. “It feels like kissing anyone, Dean. Gender doesn’t change the basics of a kiss.” His brow suddenly creased and he frowned. “Are you making fun of me?”
So here Castiel was, just waking up in the plush spare room of his billionaire client. As he worked himself out of the grogginess of waking, Castiel wondered where Dean was now, if he was at work or if Castiel would find him in the kitchen, making pancakes with Missouri again, chatting like normal family members or roommates—
was probably a strong word, as Dean was sure it only held a maximum of four apartments total. Maybe six if there was a basement. Set across the street from the grocery store and an authentic-looking Mexican restaurant Dean was dying to try, Cas’s building was like most others in town—squat, historic, covered in a brick facade, and fighting a losing battle against some ivy.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have a special surprise for tonight’s show.” A voice on a microphone sounded overhead. It was too high and pitchy to be Cas’s. The kids looked at each other, their confusion mirroring that of the parents in the audience. “Tonight, we are joined by one of our own, returning valiantly from a stay at the county hospital. Is Kevin Tran still here?”
The bedroom door slammed in the same second that Castiel’s back hit the mattress, and he felt himself sink into the memory foam like an old friend. Dean followed soon after, caging him in. They were pressed together as much as they could, Dean’s hands going to his face and stroking across his cheekbones.
“What’s watersports and what does that have to do with sex?” Castiel looked up from the list of things that Dean deemed unacceptable for their arrangement. He was relatively relived to see ‘rape play’ and ‘humiliation’ on Dean’s list of limits that he would not concede to perform.
When they pulled away, they were both gasping for breath. Dean put his hands on Castiel’s chest and pushed. Castiel nearly tripped over himself and struggled to right himself, fighting the urge to cover his hard-on with his hands as he stood in front of Dean.
“Can I—I know I asked… can I actually f-fuck you?” He asked shakily, his hands skidding everywhere over Castiel’s still-clothed body. Castiel felt feverish, but he wasn’t a hundred percent sure it was from the heat of the moment.
Stacks of papers overflowed from every horizontal surface. The filing cabinets were heavy enough that Dean had to tug a bit to get the drawers to open. Folders, labeled in a messy scrawl, filled each drawer with no discernible order, leaving Dean and Castiel to leaf through them aimlessly. Dean wasn’t sure where Adler would keep information on staff members, if he even kept records like that. The dust-covered, oversized 1980s desktop lording over the room in the corner and also covered with papers, however, made Dean pretty confident that he wouldn’t have to hack any computers.
Castiel squeezed his hand, reveling in the fact that he could. “I really have been miserable. I missed you so much I was seeing you in my dreams.” He probably should have felt bad admitting that, but it was freeing saying it to someone who wouldn’t offer to call the nearest psychiatrist for him.
Castiel smiled sadly. “It’s not much of a life if most of it is spent on my knees, trying to get enough money for new paints, is it?”
Fuck. He backed off, leaving himself some space. Castiel smelled really good, and Dean didn’t want to complicate things more than they already had become. Jobs didn’t get done by crushing on the people making them more difficult. And Castiel had ‘trouble’ written all over him.
Dean shrugged. “I want to make sure that if—by some miracle—Castiel wants to be with me, he isn’t leaving his friends behind angry. If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my life, it’s that everyone needs someone on their side. The more people the better, really.”
“Sure! It’s been a pretty slow day here, lately.” Melody nodded. She turned her gaze upon Dean, seemingly seeing him for the first time since Cas walked in. “And who’s your friend here?” She sat up in her chair, observing Dean with warm brown eyes.
What really drove a stake hard into Castiel’s heart was when they asked each other about the ethics of the scandal.
“Whatever you want.” Dean admitted, panting open-mouthed in the two inches between their mouths. “Whatever you say.”
Castiel staggered back and sank down onto the ottoman in front of Mr. Winchester’s chair. He hung his head and tried to get his breathing back under control. What a disgrace.
The gas station was a run of the mill Sinclair fill-up joint. The cashier inside was engrossed in the TV screen behind the counter, playing some rerun of a Montel Williams episode Dean was vaguely sure he’d seen before. Although, he mused, if you’d seen one, you’d seen ‘em all. Today it seemed Montel was speaking with his favorite guest, Sylvia Browne, self-proclaimed psychic and all-around unpleasant person, in Dean’s humble opinion. He’d met a real psychic, thank you very much, and no one who really could see what was going on behind the veil was preaching about it on cable television.
Dean reached out and picked up his hand. He cradled it between his own hands, pleading clear in his eyes. “I was hoping against everything you’d ignore me and stay. I didn’t know where you’d gone. Had no clue.”
Cas shrugged. “Probably not, nowadays. We’ve been walking over his corpse for days and we didn’t even know it.”
Dean offered the ice cream tub in exchange for the remote, tugging it out of a grateful Castiel’s hands. “It was a really long time ago, Cas. Sammy doesn't even remember her much, he was so young when it happened.” He picked a channel where Black Swan was playing. Castiel had seen it a few times, Anna loved it to pieces, but he didn’t expect Dean to choose it.
“I dunno… I look at you, and I see what a cool kid you are… and I don’t want your first time to be with some guy who’s paying you for the chance to get in your pants. Like, yeah, I’m more than willing to help you—whatever, expand your horizons or whatever. And I know this sounds really archaic of me, but… your first time—your first real time—it should be with someone you love. Someone who’ll take care of you. I dunno.” Dean looked down at where he had drawn his hands into his lap. He rubbed his own thumb over his palm in a nervous gesture.
Now naked from the waist down, Castiel’s face was buried in the couch. He didn’t dare look up when he heard Dean’s footsteps return. He definitely didn’t dare even make a noise of complaint when the finger that Dean started rubbing around his taint and hole was cold with lube. Instead, he brought his arms up underneath himself, supporting his head on his crossed arms. He bit into his skin to keep quiet, feeling his cock harden up even more as Dean rubbed. There was hardly any friction from the lube, but the second Dean’s finger popped inside, Castiel make a muffled cry into his arm.
“Guess we picked the dirty route then.” He muttered around the tangling of their tongues. “Better pipe down and open up, baby. You’re gonna relax if it kills me.” He grabbed Castiel’s face and forced his mouth open, plunging inside him. Castiel’s eyes opened, despite the closeness. The heat between them was stifling, and he couldn’t bear missing a moment. Dean met his gaze without fear, brow quirking in mirth as he ruthlessly fucked Castiel’s mouth with his tongue.
Dean nodded. “Don’t forget that. You ask me to stop, and I will. Promise. Now, you need a safeword.”
“Isn’t there something called a sternum… somewhere around here?” Dean gestured to the area in the middle of his chest. Cas smiled.
Dean tugged the program out of his hands and, with a secure but gentle grip on the back of his neck, pulled him in for a kiss. They sagged back against the sofa, ever mindful of Cas’s leg as they got wrapped up in each other. To be honest, they’d taken several breaks to make out since they got back from the hospital. Dean had done his duty to fill every need Cas had—pain pill prescriptions, soup, sloppy (but more practiced all the time) blowjobs—but this was his favorite thing about Cas being out of that damn hospital bed.
Cas was slung back across one end of the sofa, legs stretched out with his toes tapping against Dean’s foot. Dean leaned back against the other end and just looked. Looked at Cas with his long, loose limbs, and his messy shock of hair—even messier when Cas ran his hands through it. Dean wondered how it was possible for one person to look so good while so disheveled Cas reached up and palmed the back of his neck, drawing Dean’s eyes to the soft swell of his bicep. He knew for a fact that Cas wasn’t as scrawny as his appearance with his shirt or his profession might suggest. Knew that Cas had some muscle of his own there. Sleek, sinewy muscle, like a runner or a swimmer. Built for speed, instead of bulk. Dean also knew the strength he had in his hands, knew it from the grip Cas had kept on him both in the car, dragging him back down to meet his mouth, and by the way he had pulled Dean in when they were in the costume shop earlier.
And now Dean was pretty sure he was fucked ten different ways. Castiel had turned out to be everything Dean hadn’t known he was missing. The kid had a wicked sense of humor, painted like the gods dared him to, and was so damn responsive to Dean’s affections. They had fun together, both sexually and not. Dean loved watching Castiel paint, loved listening to him explain color theory or rant about oil paints (Dean had never met anyone with such strong opinions on such seemingly insignificant details), loved just watching Castiel be. He knew he was just a client to Castiel, how could he be anything more? That didn’t stop him from coveting the time he had with Castiel, didn’t stop him from wanting to spoil him absolutely rotten just for being Castiel, even if Cas had a habit of arguing when he thought the gift was too generous.
Cas nodded. “Yeah, if we could avoid a repeat of that, that’d be awesome.” He muttered as unlocked and held open the metal door for Dean.
“Some guys down at the gas station said there was a ghost there, too. They might be connected in a town this small.”
Dean sighed, “Dude, I’m not in cahoots with your snotty kids!” He stopped, “Okay, let’s back up. Start over. Hi, my name is Dean Winchester. I’m definitely not a janitor, but I am definitely hunting a ghost that I believe is haunting your theater, Mr. Teacher-Man-Novak.”
The dude flailed and tried to smack him with the flashlight. Dean wrestled it out of his hands and pointed it at his face, illuminating a cut jawline with a bit of scruff around the sides. “I really need you to leave, dude. I don’t want to hurt you, or your precious theater.”
Of course, when he bought it, he hadn’t exactly pictured falling into it clutching a handful of Dean Winchester’s shirt, but he’d deal.
“Do you know that Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive? It wasn’t even his best one. No one appreciated him while he was breathing—“
“Truthfully, I don’t even usually stick around this long.” Dean admitted. “Usually, I duck out before the girl—person—whoever notices. Easier that way.” In truth, Dean had learned well by now that as soon as the ghost or monster was gone, the vic usually wanted all reminders of their incident gone, including Dean. It didn’t do to dwell on crushes or… love or whatever this was, no matter how much it stung.
Castiel had done many a depraved thing in his life, but that question made heat crowd up under his jaw and into his cheeks. “Ye-es?” Like it was a question.
Castiel dropped to his knees, seeking out comfort in the familiar. This would be the easy part. He smirked as he watched the man’s eyes widen almost comically as he slowly drew the man’s zipper down, reaching inside to pull out his already stiff cock.
“What is it?” Castiel carefully slit the top of the envelope and pulled out a sheet of paper folded into thirds. The paper was heavy, professional grade. He turned it over and was greeted by the sight of a short paragraph of text followed by two signatures with a date of over six months ago. At the bottom was another signature with a date.
Castiel came with a shudder that tore a high sound from his mouth. He felt Dean thrust against his backside a few times before his ass was covered in Dean’s come as well, an almost pained grunt sounding from behind.
Fuck, Dean knew it was too easy. Dean hoisted himself out of the hole and brushed some of the grave dirt off his clothes. Sure enough, a portly figure was stalking across the field towards them, fists clenched and quivering with rage, even at this distance.
Cas moved steadily up his arm, keeping his touch light. “Okay, now the… radius is the top bone in your forearm and then it’s the ulna. And that’s connected the humerus with a ginglymus joint.”
“I just don’t understand how you can break that damn thing at least three times in a week?” Bobby grumbled to himself as he put his empty mug and plate in the sink, trudging out of the kitchen with Missouri on his heels. Dean shook his head and mopped up the last of his syrup with a bit of pancake.
“Bet you’d love that, wouldn't you? You’d let me fuck you after I made you come so hard your legs were shaking uncontrollably.” He kissed Castiel again, tongue staking a claim that no one would dare defy. “There’s no time. I’m too close. Got so hot watching you enjoy my vibrator. And it was on my finger, Jesus Christ Cas.” With one hand he supported himself as he used the other to yank his boxers down. Castiel helped him with his toes, wiggling the fabric down below his magnificent ass. As soon as his heavy cock slapped up against his stomach, he ground down into the groove of Castiel’s hip. He buried his face into Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s previous release, as well as Dean’s own wetness, helped slick the way. Castiel breathed filthy encouragement in Dean’s ear and licked and nipped at whatever skin he could reach.
“Even if they’re fresh out of college?” Dean gleefully couldn’t resist another dig. Castiel couldn’t
about this, wouldn’t they? Dean knew it was unwise to sleep with friends, especially friends you wouldn’t mind keeping. Of course, Dean also figured he’d have to grapple with the newfound part of himself that actually didn’t mind sleeping with another man. And, in all reality, would very much like it to happen again, if possible. It was nice though, Dean reasoned, that for now he wasn’t stressed about that part. He and his father might have some different ideas about how the world worked and what men should like and not like, but Dean was perfectly happy to keep this part of himself secret for now. Panic later, talk now.
“Why are you here, Dean.” Castiel said it, but not as a question. “I don’t think you just happened to be in town at eleven o’clock at night just as a coincidence.” He let every ounce of venom he felt bleed into his tone.
Dean looked down at his hands. “No, it’s not. I’m… I’m here to apologize. I owe you that. As a minimum.”
—and waltz right in. And Dean’s a professional, so all he really needs is his lock-picking kit, even a paper clip, and he can make an entrance out of practically any door. He’s been doing this for years, trained by the best. Central City High School in the middle of Nebraska couldn’t be that difficult to case. Easy-peasy, in and out, quick as you please.
Dean shushed him soothingly—if slightly condescendingly—and took him deep down his throat, down to the root.
“Not surprising. We’ve all been very worried about you.” Cas pulled two chairs from the side of the wall and positioned one closer to Kevin’s bedside. Dean arranged the other one a little further away where he could still see the door.
That got Dean’s attention. He sat back, hand still firmly in place. “I think I actually want you up here in my lap.” Castiel hesitated, but when Dean raised an eyebrow, he hurried to comply. Dean’s hands went to his hips to balance him, stroking over the skin right above the waistband of his jeans. Castiel hoped that he’d be asked to take them off soon enough. “Yeah, this is better. I can kiss you better up here,” he captured Castiel’s mouth as if to prove that point, “but there’s something I want to try.”
“Will you—“ The man looked around, “Will you let me fuck you in the bathroom?” Even as he said it, his cheeks flushed a darker shade of red. Castiel felt his grin widen even more, feeling like he must look like a viper, knowing he was about to win.
There wasn’t any sign of EMF activity by the main office or the front doors. Dean wasn’t surprised. Spirits tended to stay most active around where they died, and if the papers were to be believed—if it was a spirit behind the spontaneously combusting lights and cracked panes of glass—most of that energy should be focused around the rear part of the building, near the connection to the junior high and the auditorium.
It wasn’t a hardship whatsoever to whip out his checkbook whenever Castiel needed him. Because he knew that’s all the good he served Castiel. If they were in a different life, if Castiel was a successful artist all on his own, he wouldn’t have looked twice at Dean. Dean knew what his place was in Castiel’s life. Castiel belonged in an art studio, surrounded by his work, with acclaim and fortune waiting at his door, not on his knees at Dean’s feet, hidden away in his garage.
“Um… sure, I’ll go get him?” She picked up and put down a notepad, like she wasn’t quite sure what to do with her hands.
He wondered if Cas would offer to call or text when he was gone. A perfunctory offer, no doubt. It wasn’t like Dean would be any better at a long distance thing. Maybe they’d make half-hearted plans to meet up the next time he was in the area.
Dean knelt to the ground again, shuffling in between Castiel’s knees so that his calves bracketed the man in front of him. With his legs spread slightly like this, there was no way Castiel could hide the fact that he was very turned on by the mere act of Dean taking off his clothes.
“Nah, you didn’t. It was a salt round, not a bullet.” Dean limped carefully back over to where Adler was laying. “He’ll be okay. Probably thank us for getting the ghost outta him.”
Adler frowned as he took in Dean’s jeans and leather jacket. “Be sure to wear the appropriate uniform. All staff must wear their approved name badges.”
Sighing, Dean scrounged around for his notepad in his jacket pocket. The catwalk did look a little hazy from the ground. He’d definitely try to get up there tonight and look around. This Novak guy might even help him pull down the cable. “Well, I’m going to try to figure out who the fucker is, first. Then I gotta find where he’s buried, dig up the remains, and—“ he stopped. “you know what, never mind. Just rest easy knowing I’ll take care of this.”
“Here ya go, gentlemen.” A server dropped off two plates and popped her gum twice before leaving again. Castiel had no idea what had been ordered for him, but appreciated that Dean got French toast for him. Something simple and comforting. Feeling ravenous, he dug into his food, watching Dean do the same, but slightly messier. Castiel smirked around his fork when a bit of syrup landed on Dean’s leather jacket sleeve.
Cas thrust forward, and threw his head back, cock spurting over Dean’s hand. The feel of it—Dean was too enraptured by Cas’s expression to look down and see it—was enough to send Dean hitching further forward into Cas, burying his nose in Cas’s chest as he came too. His orgasm forced him forward two-three more times, his groans muffled by Cas’s skin.
Cas felt his breath catch in his throat and his words trail off. He was forcibly made to notice that he was also hard. He hadn’t noticed before because he’d been so distracted by all the skin laid out before him. He let his gaze wander up Dean’s stomach, up his heaving chest, past the tattoo, up his gloriously exposed throat to where Dean had thrown his head back and was doing his best to keep it together. Cas chanced it.
“Dean knows I’m here, but I had to ask for my invitation. You should be worried, he talks endlessly about you.” She added with a salacious wink. Castiel fought down a blush, he refused to be embarrassed at his own show.
Dean sighed. “Cas, yesterday you hightailed it out of my pace as fast as you could. Don't blame me for having a couple questions as to why you’re so gung-ho now.”
When Dean came down an hour or so later, Castiel was fully involved in his work. He had started blocking off sections of the painting and writing in extremely light print the colors he wanted in that section. When Dean turned on the stereo, blasting out an old song that Castiel was pretty sure was by a band called The Outfield or something. He had heard it several times in the car with his mother.
Dean snarled and readjusted so the pistol was right against Cas’s temple. “Get out or I swear I’ll shoot. It’ll hurt you just as much.”
Castiel pulled up a list of class supplies on his phone, clicking through to his intermediate-level painting class. He headed towards the brushes, and heard Dean follow with a cart. “So what do you want then?” He didn’t look at Dean, but instead focused on the rows of brushes in a higher quality than he ever could have dreamed of affording on his own. He definitely needed a new filbert. He picked up a Gamblin short brush and tested the give of the bristles. Definitely too springy for oil paint.
Peering around the wall, Dean scanned the living room. He straightened up and walked into the room proper. Cas was gone. Dean raised an eyebrow. Had he left? He didn’t hear the door open.
Cas turned to where Dean would have walked right by a door, painted black like the rest of the walls back here. He pulled a set of keys out of his pocket and fit a big brass key into the lock. “It’s supposed to be a modern twist on the old classic—“ he glanced around, furtively, “Macbeth,” he said in a hushed whisper.
"Plenty. I also know how to hide them better." This was true. Just because Cas didn't get up to a lot of trouble these days didn't mean he didn't know how. If he was honest with himself, his shenanigans altogether stopped as soon as he got Dean as a roommate, a fact he didn't want to examine too closely.
“Such a sweet talker.” He pressed one last peck to Dean’s mouth. He nodded. “I’ll let you practice later. Let me get my mouth on you first.” Dropping to his knees, he shoved Dean’s legs apart, making him scramble to hang on to the soap tray and the shower head to stay upright.
“Cas, come on…” Dean trailed off. He was immensely sorry Cas had gotten fired, but he didn’t see the point in getting this worked up about a small-town job like this. Cas could easily get hired somewhere else. Maybe somewhere that respected their teachers a bit more not to set them loose with bratty kids and a haunted theater. It would probably do Cas some good to get out of this town.
He pulled into the parking lot behind a row of shops lining the main road, each with a second level. He turned off the car and sighed. Maybe this was pointless. Maybe this was the universe telling him to give it up already.
Even so, Castiel couldn’t help but feel a tiny bit sleazier than usual sitting at the bar of a dive that even he knew to stay away from. He tried to scan the bar without looking too obvious, searching. He pulled his phone out and tapped to the conversation between himself and menage-a-douze35.
He could picture it. Himself, spread out over a bed similar to the huge white one in his room, his ankles and wrists tied down, unable to move. But he didn't feel unsafe in this scenario. Dean leaned over him, kissing him, touching him…
Castiel generally tried to keep all thoughts of his mother away while he was “on the job”, so to speak. He didn’t like to think of what she would think of her only son, a farm kid from Illinois, taking money from strangers to pay rent in exchange for a half hour of his time and an orgasm. He wondered if she would call him a whore. He’d been called that plenty of times, mostly when the guy wanted to take him home and he refused.
It was a tribute to Sam’s commitment to helping his brother that he didn’t complain like he usually did about Dean’s favorite movie.
Castiel nodded and had to take a few moments and breathe, his palms were so sweaty. Dean chuckled at him, his expression widening into a filthy smirk. Castiel cleared his throat. “Take off your pants.”
“Won’t that look kinda creepy if you have a giant painting of some eyes above your mantle?” Castiel couldn’t help but smile at Dean’s enthusiasm, however.
“So...” Dean trailed off, distracted when Cas took a sip from his nearby beer, licking a stray drop from the rim. “... so, it’s weird.”
“Cas, come on, you can fight this. Please—!” Dean heard the desperation in his voice, flinched when he heard it crack.
Winchester leaned forward. “I know you’d love to yell at me, and believe me—I know I deserve it.” Anna scoffed, but fell silent when Dean nodded and looked down self-depreciatingly. “But I’d actually really like to just… talk if we could. Straighten some things out.”
He slowly swayed his hips in rhythm with the music, not going too fast, but keeping it pretty natural. He stayed close to Dean, no more than a hand’s reach away. He pulled his shirt off slowly, revealing his stomach inch by inch. Dean kept his eyes glued to the skin as it was revealed. Castiel tugged the shirt over his chest, thumbing his own nipples along the way. He made a sound, causing Dean to answer with a small whimper of his own at the sight. Ruffling his hair as he pulled it all the way off, he dropped the shirt behind himself, kicking it away so he couldn't slip on it, accidentally. That would kinda ruin the moment.
“Thought maybe you were finally running out on me.” Cas’s voice behind him put a smile on his face. He glanced around to see Cas shouldering his way out the door, his crutches scraping the asphalt beneath him.
Castiel had just about gotten his breath back in the pause Dean had taken, when it was stolen from him again. Dean fit his hands underneath Castiel’s thighs and lifted him so effortlessly, Castiel almost felt the beat of wings behind them balancing their weight. Dean shifted their positions so Dean sat heavily in the chair with Castiel clinging to him.
Dean wasn’t done and talked over him. “And you’re a great guy, you’re smart and funny and... you’ve got nice hair,” Dean finished haltingly. “I just think you’re selling yourself a bit short is all.”
"I have a lot of bones in my chest. Shirt's probably going to get in the way." Cas stuttered out an agreement and let his palm slide across Dean's clavicle, feeling the rise and fall of hard bone and firm pectoral muscle. Cas leaned in close to write neatly across Dean's collarbone and Cas heard Dean's slow, easy breathing.
Dean worked his jaw for a few seconds, clearly working through things in his head. “What about Trevor? Looked like he was pretty thrilled—“
“We still don’t have a good place to burn these.” Dean pointed out. He wasn’t crazy about starting a fire in the parking lot of the motel, and he knew he’d have a trooper on his ass in about twenty minutes if he tried to drive out to the country to do it. With so much open space and farmland, almost everyone was looking out for each other’s property.
when he was comfortable. Cas currently had an arm and leg thrown over Dean’s own, anchoring him to the bed beneath them. His face was pressed—and Dean would never say unattractively, but come on—to the curve of Dean’s bicep. He wondered how Cas was able to breathe properly tucked that close.
He took a few deep breaths, and turned down the hallway, looking for Dean. There were many doors on either side of the hallway here, but they were all closed, preventing Castiel from seeing inside. The walls were dark, but the same plush cream carpet from the living room was in here, and bright ceiling lights hung every few feet. One door was open near the end of the hall, to the right of a large set of double doors with heavy bronze handles. He peeked into the open door and saw Dean pulling back a set of heavy-looking curtains onto a view of the Chicago skyline that Castiel was fairly certain he’d seen on a postcard once.
Anna slumped down next to him and tossed Castiel’s phone back to him. “How does that even work? You scroll through a list of people to call Daddy and just pick one?”
“Since you’re going down, I’ll leave you with some breakfast for you, and some to take down to Dean. Lord knows that cars are the only thing that can make that boy forget to eat.” She disappeared down the hall. Castiel hung back only a moment, before realizing he didn’t remember where the kitchen was to get the food Missouri meant him to take to Dean. He stepped out into the hallway, where he saw a covered tray sitting on the little accent table outside of his room. He lifted the lid and saw scrambled eggs, sausage, toast, and juice, two servings of everything. He looked up and where Missouri had disappeared to.
“Yes, well. When Mr. Dean Winchester calls and says he has the finest private collection available and wants to show it off, who can say no?” Balthazar laughs humorlessly. “Of course, I was a bit surprised at your choice of artist, given... past events.”
The blue angel was the last painting that Mary Winchester ever did. She died in a fire that swept through the Winchester mansion while John was away on a business trip a week later. Dean remembered all too well holding his baby brother in the back of an ambulance, while asking any fireman that would listen where his daddy was, and if mommy was going to be okay.
“It’d really slow you down if the police were tipped off, wouldn’t it?” Castiel sounded smug enough that Dean’s hand flexed, itching to deck the guy.
Still, he was happy that Anna’s talent was being recognized. “That’s great! See, I told you you should be teaching, instead of up on a pole.” Anna thwacked him again in the chest, but it was much more halfhearted this time. She knew it was true.
In the end, Cas was lucky to avoid being arrested. They were able to convince Adler the string of accidents in the theater were connected, but only barely. Dean wasn’t sure he would be able to handle knowing about the entirety of supernatural creatures that walked the earth, so they settled with explaining that he had been possessed. Dean was sure they were three seconds from being shipped off to a mental facility, but Adler admitted himself that he was unclear about a lot of the events that had happened during his own possession aside from feeling out of control of his body and was willing to accept that much, however grudgingly, in the name of carrying on without investigation from the school board or from any concerned parents. They framed it like a strange bout of the flu that was passing around, which was helped by the totally-legit CDC badge from the box in Dean’s trunk. He made Dean promise to never return to Central City, which Dean agreed to.
