“It’s a bit small,” Sam tells him, still grinning. He’s proud of his hard work amounting to something tangible—something that they can feel under their hands, something that will provide for this family and their neighbors—and it shines through the way he holds himself. “But we can start with just a few hens, then decide if we want to get more. I don’t think we’ll need a ton. Plus we didn’t want it to take up too much space, especially if we’re expanding the garden next spring, so—”
Exasperated, Dean says, “She doesn’t need a new laptop, Cas, she’s just saying that because Mythri got a new one and she wants one, too.”
The Righteous Man is a beacon of light that shines freely, cracking through the armor of Hell that was placed on his back, and he is beautiful.
“There’s still two other meals you gotta eat today,” Dean says easily. And he’s grateful for it. That he can tease Cas right now, crack a joke and hear Cas’s exasperated huff and not feel guilty for it.
It’s a long moment before Sam says anything else. Neither of them truly know what to say, anyway. But then Sam sighs and says quietly, “I don’t know how to tell Dean. I don’t want to, I dunno. Let him down. I don’t want this to start another freaking fight. But. God, I have to, Cas, and I don’t even have to for me. It’s not for me. It’s for the kid. Can you understand that?”
Once the movie ends, Claire goes outside. She sits out there long enough that Cas gets worried, but when he goes to check on her, she’s just sitting on the steps of the front porch and looking up at the stars. Her eyes are closed.
Early Sunday afternoon, the finishing touches have been nailed into place and Sam drags Cas to walk through it with a huge beam on his face.
The bathroom door swings open, and Sam hesitantly comes out wearing boxers and an old t-shirt. He’d brought a backpack with him, when they’d left Lorinda’s, but Dean doesn’t think he has any clothes in there. So he points to the bed where Sam’s old clothes had been laid out, just in case he’d need them, and if Sam’s surprised by it, it doesn’t show on his face.
“I had lunch,” Cas answers. With his empty hand, he reaches up and touches Dean’s cheek, leading him down for a real kiss. His lips are chapped. “I’ll be fine until dinner.”
“You aren’t going to bring anyone back,” Sam realizes. It’s a shock to the system even though Dean’s been dreading the same thing since before they even got out of the car. “Not any of them. Are you?”
When Lucifer drives an angel blade through his sternum, Castiel makes a list of all the things he loves. He takes them with him as he’s carried into the afterlife yet again.
There’s an older man outside that reminds Dean almost too much of Bobby, who grunts when Dean parks and climbs out of the car. He’s got a beer can in his hand and leans against a chipped-paint wall.
“Christ, that sucks,” Sam murmurs, looking genuinely upset by the prospect. Which again, Dean thinks, is fair. He sure as hell wasn’t too happy about it, either. Quickly, Sam’s expression twists, and he asks, “Wait, sorry, go back. Bobby’s alive? How? I mean, I watched… I
“Dean, come to bed,” Cas says quietly. Dean stops and looks at him. Cas could take his own beating heart right out of his chest and he still wouldn’t come close to wearing his emotions the way that Dean does. Something inside of him softens. “Please.”
He falls back asleep, as he inevitably does on the mornings they’ve got nowhere to be and the bed is still warm, and he sleeps until the warm smell of breakfast finds him and makes a compelling argument for starting the day.
“Yes,” Cas answers, a little bit proud and a little bit confused. Dean wants to smack his head against the table. “I read them frequently. It helps me understand what I can do to be a better parent to you.”
His gaze is drawn to Claire, as it instinctively tends to be this day, and a more human part of him splits in half at the sight of her frozen and pale at the foot of the stairs. Dean’s cell phone is pressed to her ear.
“And yeah, I’m baking,” Dean continues. “Maggie’s surgery was yesterday, so I was thinking we could take some sweets over to her and her kids. Just check up on her.”
That damned emotion bubbles up in his throat. He pulls Jack into a hug, holding him as tight as he can dare. “You stay safe too, okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, call the press and let ‘em know we got breaking news,” Dean mutters. He pulls his brother into a brief hug, then kisses Cas once before he leaves. In the doorway, he warns, “Do not bring home anymore grandfather clocks.”
Claire’s bedroom door is open, by the time Cas leaves his bedroom ad starts to make his way to the kitchen, and he can hear the tv on downstair. Her shoes sit outside her doorway—she’s gotten in the habit of leaving them downstairs, leaving Cas or Dean to bring them upstairs to be put away. He tosses them into her room out of habit more than anything else.
He pulls the Righteous Man from Hell, cradling the soul even as it thrashes against him. He restores the soul to his former glory, returns him to the human body that was clearly loved if the way it was buried is any indication, and in one final act of blazing defiance and impulsivity, Castiel leaves a remnant of his grace with the Righteous Man. A branding, a mark, a bite out of a forbidden fruit. A hand on his shoulder no matter where he goes.
“You want me to give you both a’ them for free?” Ronnie challenges. “I may be old, boy, but I kicked a lotta ass when I was your age.”
“Yeah,” Sam breathes. Cas looks away, turning his focus back to the groceries. It seems almost surreal to have this conversation here, though Cas supposes there’s nowhere that would have been better suited for it. “Hang on, Dean doesn’t like those hash browns. Yeah, do those ones. And… thanks, Cas. That helps, I think.”
The most honest truth of Castiel’s life is as such: the first thing he ever did that mattered was save Dean Winchester’s life, and so is the last thing. If there was ever a need for an ending so full circle, it would be this moment.
He finds some local diner that does carry-out, and the green-haired teenager working the register recommends something that he orders for Claire in addition to the burgers and fries he orders for himself and Cas. It should probably alarm him that he still remembers what kind of burger Cas preferred from ages ago, but mostly it just makes him feel tired. Dean hopes Cas still has that appetite. He orders three shakes for the hell of it, too, figuring that kids like ice cream and this might get him on Claire’s good side.
“I was six months old, Cas,” Sam interrupts. The fight is gone out of his voice now, and all that’s left is undeniably Sam, at his basic core. Kind. “I was
“Sorry,” Dean mutters, dropping his gaze. He carries the book with him back into the kitchen and drops it into the trash. He rinses the towel out in the sink. Lisa’s still sitting in the same spot, unmoving, as he comes back into the living room.
then he keeps driving through the town until he finds an auto repair shop with a hand-painted sign and a collection of old cars parked outside. The faded sign names the place Woody’s Auto Repair. The tires of the Impala kick up loose gravel as they drive up to the side of the building.
that there’s a part of him wondering if Dean will come back at all. Dean wants to reassure him. He wishes it would mean anything, even if he did.
Jack turns to glance out of a window, head lifted, more human than people give him credit for. It gives Cas hope—maybe, by the time all of this ends and the dust finally settles, it will give Jack a chance for a real life.
He hears it when the phone gets dropped onto the seat of the truck, and he hears it when Claire shouts a goodbye to Cas before slamming the door behind her. He hears it, too, when Cas calls after her, but. It’s all background noise, if he’s being honest. He feels like he’s been stunned.
“I’ve been meaning to ask you about that,” Sam hedges, when they round the corner out of the produce and head towards the back of the store for milk. “So you really don’t know who brought you back? Or why they clipped your wings?”
when it’s a ghost in your own damn house,” Dean snaps. He crosses his arms like a child, and behind him, Claire starts to laugh. “Oh, shut up! It is! They have this, like, special vendetta against the homeowners, alright?”
there's also a mention of a foster home claire stayed at briefly - nothing happened at the home, but obviously she didn't stay. please feel free to message me if you have any concerns or questions
There’s a smugness in Chuck’s voice that immediately sets Dean on edge more than the fact that he managed to appear behind them. Instinct nearly makes Dean reach for the gun tucked into the back of his jeans, but it wouldn’t do him any good. Not against God. And especially not when they’re here to surrender.
But they set to work planning. Replacing the floorboards is an obvious, as well as checking the roof for any leaks. Replacing the windows. Fixing the electricity. Moving the linen closet to somewhere else so there’s easier access to the room, and, of course, a paint job. It won’t take a lot of grunt work, but they plan to spread it out to ease the cost. Claire doesn’t mind. She’s thrilled just at the idea of it.
He takes a piss while the Impala finishes filling up. He’s shivering by the time he crawls back into the driver’s seat, so he blasts the heat as soon as he gets the car running again. Looks in the backseat hoping that he’d left a flannel back there or something. His heart sinks when he sees the pink of Claire’s favorite jacket on the bench.
“Yeah, fair enough,” Dean agrees, and he pulls open the driver’s side door. To Bobby, he says, “Just follow me. Roads shouldn’t be too bad, especially as it gets later. If you gotta stop, call me. We’ll do the same if we need to.”
“Ain’t we all,” she murmurs, and she’s back to reading her magazine before Dean even makes it out the door.
Castiel is sitting on the edge of Dean’s bed when Dean comes back, looking every inch the angel he no longer is with a ramrod-straight spine and eyes that seem to be seeing somewhere much farther than this room. He doesn’t even flinch when Dean drops the bag onto the bed, just a few feet away from him. It sours Dean’s stomach in a way he can’t really put into words. In another life, in a better world, Cas in his
“You should have told them,” Jack murmurs. He didn’t say it the first time but Cas knows how the rest of this story will go. Memories either happen as they were, or they don’t. The road ends at the same point regardless.
“Yeah,” Sam huffs, laughing under his breath. He takes the milk that Cas hands him and places it in his basket. “You got any idea who’s running it up there now that Michael’s in the cage?”
“Should we be letting him through a tantrum like this? Like, should we check on him?” Claire asks. She leans forward when Cas dips the nail polish brush back into the bottle, wiggling her toes. “Sorry, you missed a little spot right there.”
There’s a young woman in Fort Lupton advertising hens for sale, and when they call to see if they can come by she tells them she’ll have sweet tea ready for them before they even pull off the interstate. So they load up supplies in Cas’s truck while Sam pulls up a map. Claire spends the entire drive suggesting names, and Cas keeps one hand on the wheel and one hand wrapped around Dean’s fingers and drives the whole way with a smile on his face.
They’re up before the sun rises, like they always are. Half tangled in the sheets, breathing one another in. Dean stretches out on his stomach and Cas drapes himself across the broad expanse of Dean’s bare back. His skin is warm to the touch. Idly, Cas traces Enochian sigils against the skin right below Dean’s ribcage, counting each breath that Dean takes. It seems like another lifetime ago that Cas branded these same ribs, with different Enochian sigils.
She touches the edge of the photograph thoughtfully. Her eyes flicker back and forth between Sam and Dean in the picture, and she bites her lip. “I mean, it’s hard to say. Lotta people come and go, you know? We’re just a stop on a map. But. We have hot coffee, and Lorinda’s got a soft spot for people down on their luck, so she usually gives it out for free. If anyone is gonna recognize him, it’d be her.”
For a moment, all they can do is look at one another. Castiel watches Dean in a way he’s never fully allowed himself to before. And Dean stares back at him like he can’t look away for a second, like he has to count all of Castiel’s breaths just to make sure they’re adequate. Then Castiel realizes he’s still caressing Dean’s face, and embarrassment floods through him. Dean catches his wrist when Castiel goes to move away. Both of them freeze.
Dean’s grip tightens on the steering wheel. “I mean, I guess,” Dean tells him, though he doesn’t offer up anything other than that. If Sammy wants to know, he’s gonna have to ask some damn questions himself. “Sam, you don’t—I mean, shit. You don’t have to tell me but. Do you remember it?”
“Kids Claire’s age,” Dean says lamely. He shuffles his weight back and forth, for lack of anything else to do with his body.  “She could make friends.”
There was a moment, in one of Chuck’s books, somewhere near ten years ago, where he talked about how the brothers would park their cars some nights and just watch the sky. What he didn’t include is that Castiel was there, too, watching them from the sidelines and trying to understand what about the stars was so intriguing.
Hell, Claire or Cas or both of them almost always go with him to the damn hardware store when he goes. The only time he really leaves the house alone is when he goes for work, and ain’t that a terrifying thought? They’ve slipped with ease into their little routine. Fights with Claire in the morning to wake her up in time for school, making sure Cas is up to drop her off so Dean can go to work, coming home and finding them there waiting for him. Spending weekends remodeling or running errands or looking up fucking
Dean puts his phone back down before he calls Cas or some other dumb shit that’ll just distract them both. Doesn’t matter how bad he misses Cas right now. It’s only been a few hours, he reasons. And Cas needs sleep.
Don’t let the puzzles from before hold you up; they don’t matter anymore. This isn’t a trick question, though it may appear to be. It’s important to remember from here on out that things are not always what they seem. Don’t overthink. What do you do after the last song on the CD plays? When your favorite movie ends and you still don’t feel any better, what do you do?
“I went a millennium without them, I suppose my body is just trying to make up for lost time,” Cas says dryly. Dean chuckles and kisses his forehead. They stay outside, listening to each other breathe and watching the stars until the clouds roll in and hide them. And when they go, together, back inside the house that Dean built them and the family that they saved, they go hand in hand.
“I’m here,” Cas answers. He sits down in one of the classroom chairs. “Hello, Sam. Did you just say you’re coming home?”
“Nothing like that,” she tells him. “The house is just old as shit. Gonna cost a hell of a lot to renovate.”
“I’m staying for a while,” Sam says later, after they’ve made it back home and eased the chickens into their new home and are sitting once again in their chairs in the backyard. Claire is dozing against Cas’s shoulder, and she doesn’t move when Cas turns to look at Sam. Quickly, Sam explains, “I figure I should, you know. Since the chickens were half my idea. Just to make sure they adjust alright, and, uh. To help out. Plus that attic is almost done, and. I can help out.”
“I can’t answer that,” Cas tells him, voice careful. “But. I do know he’ll be glad to hear you’re coming home.”
He’s not sure when Dean moved from his side of the counter, but suddenly he’s pressing up from behind Cas, and for a gleeful moment Cas thinks perhaps he won’t be the one coercing at all. But Dean’s hand is on his forehead like he’s checking Cas’s temperature. Irritation swells inside of him, and Cas pushes his hand away. “I’m not sick, Dean.”
“I always trust you,” Cas says automatically. Like it’s something he’s thought a thousand times. “It’s Sam. No one knows him better than you.”
“I’m trying real hard to get better,” Dean vows, and he waves the root beer bottle in his hand like it proves his point. Cas finally cracks a smile at that.
If there is to be one certainty about the world—a world that Castiel watched form out of nothing, that turned into something, that grew and flooded and burned and still always survived—it is that death is designed to be final.
EDIT: my AMAZING friend clary drew a scene of cas and claire to celebrate the last chapter of this being written, please go give it some love
Steadily, Cas shifts so that he can wrap an around around Dean, keeping them close, tangling their legs together. These days it’s hard to tell who the touch is more comforting for. Cas thinks it’d be fine if it was both of them. He presses a kiss to the tight muscle of Dean’s shoulder. “Then we deal with it when that time comes. We always do.”
“I love you,” Cas says easily. Freely. This was once the burden, the inescapable truth, that Cas knew would lead him to his death, but that story doesn’t exist anymore. Whatever comes next, they get to make up as they go.
They screech to a halt in front of some shady-ass building with a cross on the door. Cas is out the door the second the car is in park, barking out, “Stay in the car,” so sharply that Dean’s stunned into staying put. He watches, slack-jawed, as Cas runs up the stairs and slips inside the building, paperwork still clutched in his hands.
But Dean doesn’t need him to. He huffs around a laugh and drops his head, and Cas lets go of the breath he was holding. “Call me a hypocrite, but I’m glad we used that spell for Eileen, instead. Sammy’s happy. Mom’s at peace. I can live with that.”
“The last time she was sick like this, Jimmy Novak stayed home from work and nursed her back to health,” Cas murmurs. Sam’s mouth snaps shut audibly. Cas rubs tiredly at his eyes. “She never told me that, but I remember it from—from Jimmy. I’m afraid she’s going to wish he was here instead of me, and be hurt when I’m all she can have.”
“And then what, Chuck?” asks Sam, reaching out to grab Dean’s arm and hold him still. “How do you know it won’t always end up this way? How can you know that you won’t end up in this same spot anyway? Your creations rebel, Chuck. You can’t stop it. But we’re giving you what you want. Leave the rest of the world out of it.”
Dean laughs and holds him tight. “Well, don’t let it do that. I’m a little bit fond of you, you know? Might really suck to lose you then have to go find another grumpy boyfriend with a craft hobby addiction.”
Though he’s not entirely sure how, Cas gains a reputation at the rec center, and he becomes quite a popular instructor for a few courses he’d never expected to teach. There’s the stained glass class, of course, that Mildred attends faithfully every week even though she’s the one who taught him everything he knows. He accidentally starts a book club with a woman named Alexis when they spend the majority of the class discussing their most recent reads. She has a quick wit and more recommendations than Cas can even write down, and it turns into an event that he hosts once a week and slowly starts to grow. He learns pottery from an instructor called Aja, and thanks to their glowing recommendation before stepping down, he earns himself another class.
It’s nearing ten when Dean gets up for some reason, winking at Cas before he goes. Theresa hollers to get everyone’s attention. It’s almost comical how fast the group falls quiet for her. She stands on the bench of a picnic table with her hands on her hips, looking over all of them.
Dean has two bottles in his hands, and he passes one to Cas. The condensation feels miraculous against his fingers; most everything does, right now. Cas can’t help but smile. “Y’know, Jack will probably forgive just about anything you do for a while, actually,” Dean points out. “Kid missed you while you were gone. Kinda gives you a get-out-of-jail-free card.”
But Sam doesn’t look disgusted by it. He doesn’t look like he’s waiting for a chance to tease Dean about going full Stepford wife. No, when Dean finally looks over at Sam, the kid looks
good for her. Dean’s noticed that sometimes she’ll sit with them, too. And ain’t that the damnedest thing.
Sam’s laugh is small and disbelieving over the line. There’s a faint rumble of an engine in the background. “Yeah, uh. Got a little bit more than I bargained for with this one, but. I did. Find the answers. And now, uh. Now we can just. I mean, we can move on now, you know? I know who sprung me free. Michael and Adam are out. Lucifer’s gone for good.”
Dean clears his throat again. His cheeks are bright with blush, his eyes are shining, and even through the embarrassment Cas can tell how pleased he is to hear it. He catches Cas’s eye again. “Christ,” he says. “Right. Okay, yeah, so. Cas, you gotta know, I mean… You know I—”
Dean gets the idea after about fifteen days of driving around aimlessly and dodging Bobby’s phone calls about possible hunts. It’s a little embarrassing, he thinks, that it took him this long to figure out that settling down didn’t have to mean settling down with Lisa.
Their chicken coop is about six times the size of the one in Cas’s backyard, and it’s got more birds than he can even begin to count. They all chatter excitedly when the group approaches. Paige leads them to the back of the coop, to the beds where the young hens are hiding.
Dean confesses, but Cas does. It was his own hands that reconstructed Dean, but even without that advantage, Cas knows every facet of him more than he can comprehend. Dean gets angry because it’s easier than getting hurt. He gets so angry because if he didn’t, he’d only be left with the undeniable truth that everything he does is out of love. It’s not an easy thing to face; Cas understands that now more than ever.
“Alright, I can only take so much of this on an empty stomach,” Dean mutters. He picks his keys up off the table. “There’s gotta be a burger joint nearby, right? I’ll go grab us some grub. Will the kid want anything?”
to speak to the guy every time they’re in the same vicinity. If Cas wants to act like a toddler, Dean’ll let him. No one holds a grudge like Cas.
“I’ll think of that next time he goes missing and I’m trying to track him down with what I have,” Dean snaps. He’d been hungry, and that had been the only reason he’d gone in, but his anger overtakes it quickly and leaves him feeling empty in a new way. He sits his ass down on some bench he’s half sure is on KU’s campus just to have a place to stew until he can chill out, and he digs his phone out of his pocket.
Dean glares between the two of them for an unimpressive moment before his expression finally slides into resignation with a sigh. “Claire,” he starts.
“Glad one of us does,” Dean murmurs. He looks down to the blade in his hand, and for a moment he’s surprised it’s still there. It needs to be cleaned. It needs to be shattered into a billion pieces. “You’ll take care of him, right? I mean. I know you’re his kid, but you’ll keep an eye on him? Keep him safe when I can’t?”
That was it. The earth opened up and swallowed you whole, and. What? Just spat you back out again? I mean, how the hell?”
He stops for gas when he crosses the Colorado-Kansas border, since he didn’t fill up before he hit the road. Some twenty-four hour place where the cashier isn’t surprised when the front door jingles as Dean enters. She rings up his coffee and pack of gum tiredly, asking him, “Long drive ahead of you?”
She hesitates. He can hear the keys clacking on the other end of the line, and then it’s quiet for another moment. She sounds apologetic when she tells him no one comes up under that name, either.
question on him. “Sammy, he, uh. He wanted me to get out of the life. Find something normal. Settle down.”
Let’s start with a hypothetical question that you already know the answer to, such as “is there a brother that you favor?” It’s a good place to start, but it won’t get you anywhere. Reword it and try it again: “if I asked you if there is a brother that you favor, would you answer sam?”
Chuck scoffs, as though he’s unconvinced or uncaring or all of the above, but that’s when Dean sees it. Sees the flicker of doubt in God’s eyes, one second of uncertainty where he wonders if Sam is right. If he’ll just end up stuck here again, an entity older than time throwing a temper tantrum when his toys don’t play their parts. It’s a flicker of a doubt, but Dean sees it. And he bears down on it.
“And you’ll always have a home with us,” Cas promises. “But, what I meant was… haven’t you considered staying for good?”
They eat dinner together, then settle in for a movie together. Cas relaxes into Dean’s embrace but doesn’t take his eyes off Claire once. But she doesn’t say anything. She doesn’t look at him with sad eyes, and she doesn’t get mad at him over anything small. She doesn’t storm away when he squeezes her shoulder. They just continue on.
A very old story, indeed. One that should have ended the moment the door sealed shut behind him and brought him back to an eternal rest.
Dean’s figured out what’s going on—Cas can feel it in the way Dean’s unconscious, constant longing flickers with hope. He can see it in the way that Dean’s expression grows resigned. They have both wanted this for far too long, but never in this way.
Hell, it’s probably a bit silly to want to buy your best friend a car, too, but Dean knows better than to try and unpack that.
Still, he’s found, no matter how hard the Winchesters or Claire or anyone tries to teach him, Cas finds himself entirely uninterested in learning the art of subtlety. Which gives him no qualms with telling Dean, one morning before the sun has even properly risen or poked through their curtains, “Your brother would like to get chickens.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “And you wonder why Claire calls everything lame. I wouldn’t suppose it has anything to do with her spending too much time around her.”
God, it’s like their kids all over again. Dean looks back at him, and for a second all he can see is his baby brother’s face earnestly looking at him from the other side of the bed that they shared until they grew too big.
It makes sense, then, why Sam would call him first instead of his brother to let them know he’s coming back, and it continues to make sense as Sam carefully and quietly explains that while, yes, he is coming home and sticking around, he isn’t coming back alone.
The air mattress is set up, in the living room, so the furniture’s been moved around a bit. There’s a few extra pillows and blankets that Dean kept stored in the coat closet already laid out. Upstairs, Dean knows, Cas tidied up his room and made up a space for another person to sleep in.
Claire flinches. That eats at him, too. There’s a harder edge in her voice when she mutters out, “Not your fault.”
It’s somewhat of a miracle that no one else catches the flu as Claire recovers, and it’s something they’re all thankful for. Sam hits the road again early December, promising to be back before Claire starts her winter break, and they all watch from the front porch as he leaves.
It works. Cas laughs, too. A small thing. It feels like a million bucks, anyway. “Emotionally, I suppose,” he allows. “I’ll get the hang of it eventually. Though I’m certain I’ll continue to surprise myself by just how much I can feel in one sitting.”
“C’mere,” Dean whispers, and he lets go of Cas’s wrist so he can pull Cas closer and kiss him for real.
Behind them, Dean is leaning against the doorway. He hasn’t said anything, but Cas still knows he’s there. Listening and watching. He wonders if Dean understands that Cas used that same careful precision when rebuilding him. He wonders if Dean knows that there were times where Cas was certain he was stitching the stuff of stars into Dean.
sting more, but it’s as though it doesn’t even matter right now. As though the only thing that does matter is Dean, sitting across from him, unfamiliar and familiar all at the same time. “I rebelled, and the price I paid for it was my life. But something brought me back. Or someone… my Father—”
It’s a start. Or, if it isn’t, it sure as hell feels like one anyway. Dean reaches forward and puts a hand on her shoulder, squeezing reassuringly. He says, “Growing up ain’t easy even when your life is completely normal. Wish I could tell you different. But Cas, he’s trying, okay? You wanna know who buys parenting books? People who give a fuck. And Cas cares, a lot. You’ll see that more when you get to know him better.”
“They had a bed,” Cas says with a shrug. “I was lucky. I kept offering to give it up so someone more in need could have a spot, but they were very kind to me. Provided me with food and clothes. A friend of Claire’s grandmother recognized me. Or, well. I suppose she recognized Jimmy. But she asked if I was James Novak, and mentioned Claire, and I… said I was.”
He takes a breakfast burrito and orders a coffee to go since he’s pretty sure he can handle that while he’s driving around, and Jenny won’t charge him but he still hands her a twenty anyway and tells her to keep it as a tip.
Dean wipes his hands on his pants. His fingers are still caked in dried blood. Even that feels like eons ago. “Now we get the hell outta dodge.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “She’s fourteen. Teenager mood swings and cravings are unpredictable at best, worse in uncertain times. Claire may be my vessel’s biological offspring, but she is as unfamiliar to me as anyone else you’ve met on the road.”
Cas lets out a slow, controlled breath. “I know you have a lot of questions,” he starts, and Dean snorts, because, well,
“He’ll just be a baby,” Cas murmurs. “A powerful one, sure, but. Sam was just a baby, too, when his path was decided for him. Can’t we give this child the benefit of the doubt? A chance, at least, to make his own choices?”
Cas finishes his burger before Dean’s even halfway through, and he looks grateful when Dean pushes his fries over. He even drinks the shake. Dean wonders, a bit too late, if the ice cream had been a better idea for Claire or for Cas.
There’s rickety old stairs that lead to the attic, tucked behind the door that typically lead to their linen closet, and the floorboards creak under their feet as they make their way up. It’s almost horrifyingly dusty; Cas, for the first time, is frightened to know what the house looked like on the night that Dean first moved in on his own.
“I know now he was wrong about that,” Jack whispers. He looks impossibly small, tightening his jacket around his shoulders to fight off the chill or to shrink into himself anymore.
A righteous man wants to cross a river and take with him an angel, a demon, and his brother. He has a boat, but it can only fit himself plus either the angel, the demon, or his brother. If his brother and the angel are alone on one shore, the angel will possess his brother. If his brother and the demon are alone on one shore, his brother will drink the demon’s blood. How will the righteous man bring the angel, the demon, and his brother across the river without damning his brother either way?
“Those boys outside catch a whiff of you, you’ll be subject to their questionin’ for the better part of an hour,” she tells him, nudging the door with her hip and sliding it open. “Trust me, they got more curiosity than the damn cat, I’m doin’ you a favor.”
It makes a convoluted sort of sense. Angels were created for a sole purpose, and it was to worship. And though the original purpose had been for the worship of God, Castiel did what almost all of God’s other creations did—he evolved.
Dean thinks, as it sinks in just how much shit they’ve all gone through the past few days. He stares, unseeing, at his brother’s profile as Sam talks to their kid with a gentle voice and suddenly feels overwhelmingly guilty that he hasn’t said more to Sam to apologize for all of this. He lost Eileen. Then he lost Cas. And if Chuck accepts their surrender, he’s gonna lose Dean, too.
Another case. There’s always another case. Sam and Dean are gone, and Cas feels a restless itch in his hollow bones and nowhere to go. He could waste his time and keep looking for something that could give them an upper hand, but. Cas sighs. At least with a case, he’ll feel like he’s helping someone. “The murderer is someone we’re looking for?”
“I should have told you,” Cas finally murmurs, resolute and full of a guilt that should be too heavy for any human to shoulder. “The moment I felt like something was happening. I should have told you.”
For one, he’s learned that he much prefers being called Cas, instead of Castiel. That name in its entirety fits like an ill-tailored suit now, and he took those old rags off ages ago. He quite enjoys being known throughout the town as Cas, or Mr. Cas, or Claire’s dad. That, of course, is another thing he’s learned. He loves being a father. Even on the days when Claire wants nothing to do with him, though those days are far and few between recently. He’s learned that sometimes those days are unavoidable. Usually, though, Claire does her best to let herself love him.
This makes Dean roll his eyes. Cas points to a left turn, and Dean flips the blinker and slides into the turn lane. “Yeah, well. When I accomplish something that means something, I’ll let you know.”
“Of course the answer is you, Dean,” Cas says reverently, consecrating the space around them. When a small tear falls from the corner of Dean’s eye, Cas catches it with his thumb and brushes it away. “It’s always been you.”
Without even looking at Dean, he holds out one expectant hand and uses the other to dig a cell phone out of his pocket.
Cas hesitates. He stares at the expiration dates on gallons of milk for so long the numbers start to blur. Eventually, he confesses, “I don’t know what brought me back. I don’t know why it was me instead of my siblings who may have deserved it more. Though I suppose my falling from grace made me less of a threat.”
There’s a formula to love, in most causes. People meet. One of them falls. If they’re lucky, so does the other. If they’re luckier, they find a way to make it work and they choose one another over and over again until the day one or both or all of them die. Nothing too extraordinary about it until one looks a little closer and chooses to examine the details.
Dean doesn’t say anything at that, just makes a noise at the back of his throat and presses his lips to the hollow of Cas’s neck. Cas reaches up and brushes his knuckle against Dean’s cheek. He hasn’t shaved in a few days. Cas goes back and forth between loving it and hating it. He thinks he’ll spend the rest of his life going back and forth with it too.
It leads to his death, of course. Most acts of rebellion in Heaven end in either death or falling from grace, and his superiors are not stupid enough to allow Castiel the chance to choose the same path his sister Anna did.
last chapter celebrated dean's birthday but this chapter is a special treat so it gets posted today bc he and we deserve it. hbd dean keep thotting it up in heaven king miss you every day
Sam shivers even as they’re all huddled together, and when the wind picks up he stuffs his hands in his pockets like it might fight off the cold. To Dean, he asks, “Think he’ll show?”
He gets to the door before she stops him. Her voice barely carries through the quiet of the room, but she whispers, “Dad?” and Cas pauses where he is. “I love you.”
“I will be fine on my own for literally the hour that they’re gone,” Claire interrupts, not looking away from the tv. Dean looks back at Cas helplessly.
He has to finish packing. On autopilot, Dean throws clothes into the bag, covering up the weapons. He pulls his gun out from the nightstand and puts it in there, too. Grabs the rosary out of the jar of holy water under his bed. After a moment’s hesitation, he throws in the dog-eared copy of the book Cas gave him to read.
“She in today?” Dean asks. He takes the picture back when she hands it to him, tucking it back into his wallet, where it belongs, in front of the picture of his mom and right next to the picture of Claire and Cas on the front porch of the house.
His superiors grow frustrated at his inability to hold himself at an arm’s distance from the Winchesters. Time and time again, Castiel forgets that his orders entail getting the Winchesters to cooperate with the Host—his orders are not to cooperate with the Winchesters. It’s a lesson they repeatedly try to drill into his head.
Everything slows. The tar melts away, the water clears, and his brother appears before him. He raises a hand into the air and gives Castiel one final reminder,
Jack resigns himself to his fate. He goes to his knees, a martyr just like all three of the men who raised him, and he waits patiently on the wrong side of a gun.
After they beat Chuck once and for all—after Amara ripped herself free, and after she took on the God mantle for herself—nearly everything went back to normal. For the things that didn’t, the Winchesters decided they’d take care of themselves.
“No, I just mean,” Sam tries again. “This clearly means a lot to you. So it’s. I’m just glad I get to see it, is all. And I’m. I’m happy for you.”
“Well,” Bobby says. The line cuts out as Dean puts his car in reverse and pulls onto the main road away from his house. “Good on you. You’ll have to give me the address.”
“I am a very old sap and I lived a very long life,” Cas agrees. “And you have by far been my favorite part of it.”
him. He can feel it in his friggin’ fingertips. “It’s only twenty minutes away from where you are. Ask people around town if they’ve seen him. Check the motels. Trust your gut.”
There was a time, not long ago, when Castiel doubted there was anything that could change his opinion on the vessel intended for the Devil. He recalls referring to Sam Winchester as nothing more than an abomination. All of that had changed, of course, with’s Sam’s determination to defeat Lucifer and Dean’s unwavering certainty that he would. Castiel died before he could see the actual feat of Sam saving the world, but he has felt the impact of it every day since he woke up with his own blood coursing through his veins.
“When have I ever listened to you?” Sam points out, the annoying little brother that he is, and Dean scoffs halfheartedly. “I mean, don’t get me wrong. I think the whole thing is insane. But. I don’t know, man, I guess that’s kind of par for the course for us now, isn’t it?”
Lisa puts her hand against his cheek sadly. It breaks Dean’s heart that she thinks she’ll see him in the morning.
When Sam is home, they work out in the garden together, and they talk about what they’d like to try and include with the next harvest if they can prepare things in time, and they track mud into the house every time they come inside and Dean gripes at them but never truly complains. Cas has seen the page in Dean’s notebook—the one he hides, where he’s plotted out a larger space to expand the garden next year to include everything Sam and Cas have even mentioned wanting to grow.
“Dean!” Claire shouts in his ear, and he’d be on higher alert if he wasn’t so familiar with the way her voice raises volume when she’s excited about something. “Dean! I passed my English quiz! I wasn’t really worried, but Ms. Banes told me after class that I got the highest score. She told me I should sign up for her journalism class next year!”
“But,” Cas agrees, voice just as quiet. This room has felt holy, has felt sinful, has felt safe, but it has never felt like a confessional. Never like this. “If we could communicate with them, it might… Maybe it would make a few things easier. That’s all.”
“When a man and a woman love each other very much,” Dean deadpans, and Sam smacks him on the chest. Which, he decides, is fair, too.
content warnings for allusions to ptsd symptoms, internal victim-blaming, discussions of trauma, grief, and guilt. (stuff that probably have been discussed in canon of the sea double u's supernatural wasn't a coward) please take care of yourselves as needed while reading!
Dean lets out a slow, measured breath. He looks away from the motel room, turning his gaze back to the west. Like if he looks hard enough, he’ll be able to see the silhouette of their house in the distance. “I hope so.”
“Clearly she hasn’t heard your shower renditions, then,” Cas says dryly. He pushes the front door open as Dean huffs indignantly.
And someone else, someone decided that I should be the bad guy, someone else chose me before I was even old enough to walk. I’m not letting it happen for this kid, alright? I’m not.”
“Someone would sleep next to me when I was sick,” Claire admits, the words tumbling out of her in a rush. She hiccups, trying not to let the tears fall. “When I was little, they’d… I used to sleep in their bed, or someone would. Someone would stay with me, when I was sick. Like they were protecting me from the bad virus. And I just…”
Dean wraps his fingers around the rough canvas strap. He has to take a deep, steadying breath before he feels as though he’s ready to pull the bag off the shelf. It hits the ground with an anticlimactic thud.
“We can start somewhere, at least,” Dean says. He ain’t letting Cas off the hook that easy. “Hell, I won’t even make you start at the beginning. How about you start with the girl?”
Cas had the thing in his coat pocket, doesn’t know why he pulled it out and asked Dean if he could play it when they were speeding back to the bunker and still unaware of how the night would end. Doesn’t know why it felt so damn important to Cas to listen to it then.
“I know that,” Dean answers, exasperated. “It’s just that the last time you and Sammy went shopping together, you came back with a busted old grandfather clock that you
hi besties sorry for the long wait i was being a sissy baby about this chapter but hopefully it's . <3 worth something <3 very kelly-centric on this one but now we are only one !! chapter away from jack! woooo
Cas bids them goodnight first, going upstairs and into Dean’s room, probably in an attempt to make Dean feel less panicked about how obvious it is that they’re sharing a bed, and Dean’s stupid heart is pounding out of his chest at that like Cas just did some big dumb romantic gesture.
He opens his mouth to answer her, to reassure her, to comfort Dean, but all that breaks out of him is another agonized cry. Dean’s grip tightens on him, helping Castiel backwards until he’s lowered into a chair. He’s talking to Claire, but Castiel can’t decipher what he’s saying. Not until Dean touches his face again and clears some of the fog. “Cas,” Dean says softly. “Hey, sweetheart. Cas. I need you to tell me what’s going on.”
Castiel’s voice is a warm vibration against Dean’s rib cage. So close to his fucking heart that Dean’s breath catches involuntarily.
“I have no idea,” Cas murmurs. It’s his turn, now, to be unable to look Sam in the eye. “I try not to allow myself to dwell on it for too long.”
“You have mustard on your chin,” Cas points out, and Dean realizes he’s been staring again, so he drops his gaze and turns red and wipes halfheartedly at his chin.
“I know you see it that way,” Cas says. He’s not even looking at Dean, focusing instead on the plates he’s rinsing off in the sink. Dean’s head is spinning. “And that’s fine. You don’t have to recognize it yourself for me to see that in you.”
Theresa gives him a random Wednesday off, which would be awesome if Dean had anything to do besides go home and work on the remodel, but he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth, so he thanks her and drives his sorry ass back home. Dean parks his work truck in the garage and sits there for a moment. Claire’s at school. The Impala is still gone, which means Cas is out somewhere.
The other line is quiet while Bobby processes that. Dean hates the anxiety that curls in the pit of his stomach. “Good on you, kid,” Bobby says finally, and there’s pride in his voice that doesn’t sound fake or forced. Dean lets out a sharp breath of air he hadn’t realized he was holding. “That’s great, Dean. Good. I just thought…”
“Bobby,” Sam tries to argue, but it’s halfhearted at best. They’re all too tired for anything more than this.
“You look sad,” she tells him, later. Dean’s not sure how much time has passed but the sky is completely dark now and there’s a bag in the entryway that wasn’t there before. Dean figures it’s Ben’s, since there’s a baseball bat sticking out of one of the pockets. He wonders how he missed that.
somehow when i started this fic i didn't think it would be more than 20k. and now here we are, with the longest chaptered fic i've ever posted on this account, and with plans for the story to continue on even more.
“Don’t step on that fish,” Dean warns, voice carried softly through the open space. Cas glances down. Next to his foot is a clay sculpture of a distorted-looking creature. Even with limited light, Cas can see that it’s painted colorfully and childishly. Jack’s name is on the gill, signing his art.
Strangely enough, Sam laughs at that, too. He shrugs. When he catches Cas’s eye, there are unshed tears that he blinks away. “Better than I was,” Sam answers. “Not as good as I used to be. Does that count for anything?”
Guilt sits deep and heavy in Dean’s stomach, and his smile is wiped off his face. He wants to tell her the truth. Wants to tell her that he’s not sure what’s going on out here so he doesn’t have an answer yet, but more than that he wishes he could tell her he’ll be on his way back tonight, so he’ll be there when she gets up in the morning with freshly-made French toast on the table.
content warnings for grief, anger/anxiety attacks, and mentioned past character death. nothing more than what you see in pretty much every episode but important to note just in case. take care of urselves!
The Mark is back on his forearm. It’s funny, Dean thinks, because he hardly even notices it. The molten power that had ignited his veins and branded his skin feels nothing like the fury he felt the first time they played this game. Hell, maybe it’s trying, but Dean would be hard-pressed to tell. Everything feels secondary to whatever emotion is slamming against his chest, filling his lungs and threatening to cut through his throat and bleed him dry.
“I turned into my father,” Dean admits, incredulous, before he starts to laugh. Sharp, startled things that seem to be breaking out of him. He wipes his eyes, and Cas doesn’t know if he’s crying from the laughter or from everything else. “Shit, I mean, Mary Winchester died, and I just went berserk. I’m sorry, Cas.”
“No, I,” Claire starts, before she starts to cough again and cuts herself off frustratedly. “I do. ‘Cause. You guys are taking such good care of me, and I. I sit here and I call you my dads and you
“Aw, hell, baby, you don’t gotta apologize,” Dean whispers, voice sweet as honey. He pulls Cas down for a gentle, easy kiss. It doesn’t last very long, but it doesn’t matter. It warms Cas up, anyway. “Honestly? A year ago it probably would have. Tomorrow it might. But I’ve been called worse things, and I’ve done some godawful shit, and if I get to make up for that now by being a family man and a good partner to you, then I don’t wanna waste my time being bothered by it.”
“I never said it,” Jack says quietly, “but it meant a lot to hear you say that. And I’m really glad I chose you to be my father.”
Cas hums, melting into it. Dean’s hair is getting longer, just enough that it’s not such a struggle for Cas to run his fingers through the ones at the back of Dean’s neck. Just enough that if he tightens his grip, he can angle closer and closer and closer. Dean’s mouth opens with a quiet, pleased sound that Cas can taste on his own lips.
“I got him,” says Sam, from somewhere behind them. He’s still holding a cloth to his forearm, putting pressure on the cut Dean had made there. When it heals, the scar will be known as the Mark of Abel.
A police officer calls one of Sam’s phones while the Winchesters are out, and Cas answers it out of habit.
“How many nights?” the motel clerk tiredly asks, when Dean decides to bite the bullet and check in, certain he’ll reach a point today when he’s gotta crash.
Even still, Cas can’t believe that someone as young as Jack could believe in something so much. Earnestly, Cas says,“I’m very glad you did, too.”
“No, yeah,” Sam interrupts. “I get it. You have to keep her safe. For what it’s worth, I don’t think we have to worry about that.”
“I know,” Claire says, though there’s still an uncertain look on her face. She glances out the window and bites the inside of her cheek. “I know you’ll try your best.”
In some unknowable way, they are. Both of them began doing what they did out of fear. Cas was only allowed to veer from the path because Dean asked him to; and he’s certain, if given the chance, this Castiel would have done that, too. “Yes,” Castiel agrees. “We are.”
“I believe it was you who vehemently insisted that we avoid chick flick moments,” Cas reminds him, and he does a shitty impression of Dean at the end.
one makes it a perfect gift,” Cas argues. The buzzing in his head gets louder. He tightens his grip on the glass of water, taking a small sip. “And it would be something she can use for school as well.”
Sam’s silent when Dean makes the turn, but his shoulders set and his expression softens and Dean knows he’s made the right call. He drives through the town, past the hotel where he’d reunited with his brother for the first time after
It’s still quiet in the room when the stillness is broken by Dean’s ringtone cutting through the air. His phone is still on his bed, so he stands and moves quickly to pick it up. Claire’s contact name shows on the screen.
just in case any of them see Sam roll through. He stops at gas stations and at the tiny ass library tucked between a tattoo parlor and a smoke shop, but he gets the same response everywhere he goes.
“It is,” Sam says softly. If he’s surprised by Chuck’s statement about Cas’s feelings, he doesn’t show it. He just meets Dean’s eye and nods like he understands. Hell, maybe he does. Louder, Sam repeats, “Love
Sam’s hand is a heavy but familiar reminder where it still rests on Dean’s shoulder. His heart is in his throat, he’s terrified that if he opens his mouth he’ll regret what comes out, but Dean somehow
, that plot line will not be resolved in the last chapter of this fic, however this fic will have a happy ending and ties up a few of the other storylines.
The first act of humanity, the moment in which divine beings became human, was an act of temptation. An apple pressed into the hands of creatures who knew what the consequences were and damned themselves anyway. Castiel
claire gets in a fight with a student at school who spoke negatively about dean and cas and the implication that they are claire's dads. it is referenced that his statements were homophobic, though they are not written out in words, and claire comes to their defense. cas and claire have a relatively healthy conversation about the incident and about the fight at school that leads to her suspension. no one is hurt by the comments, except for the kid that claire punches.
It happens quickly. One moment they’re still standing in the barn, and the next there’s a bright flash of incandescent light that rings so loud it makes Dean’s ears bleed, taking all of them back to the very moment all of this began.
There’s a rustle of wind behind him that sounds eerily like the flutter of angel wings every time Cas arrives, but when Dean turns, there’s no one there. Stull is quiet for another moment, staying still, until all at once the throbbing and pain in Dean’s face subsides and Bobby sits up, gasping for air.
“Do you want to go with me to pick Claire up?” Cas asks, and Dean looks up in surprise. He hadn’t realized so much time had passed.
It’s at least a seven hour drive to Stull, so Dean guesses he’ll be there right after four in the morning. A few days ago he would have balked at the idea of driving through the night again. Especially after settling down. But.
A man walks out of the same river, and the coat that had drowned a god is no longer on his shoulders. He’s been cleansed of his memories. He can’t say the same for his sins.
of the life, Cas,” Dean says. “But Sam just brought it home. And, what, now we’re just gonna raise the kid? Hope that we’re better parents than our dads were so he doesn’t grow up wanting to destroy the world?”
“You’ll have to forgive me if I don’t turn to look at you,” Dean says easily. “I’m a little hesitant to get my eyes burned out this early in my life.”
And Sam’s going through some shit, and Dean’s not gonna be an asshole about that, even if he’s itching to ask what Sam remembers about being down there. Wouldn’t be fair of him, anyway, especially since Dean spent so long bristling and changing the subject any time someone asked him about what the Pit was like.
He changes into something that doesn’t look like it was worn during a seven hour spontaneous road trip, and he takes his gun and the demon knife out of the duffel just in case. It feels almost like old times when he slides behind the wheel of the Impala again, except for the nausea coiling in his stomach. Dean tucks both the weapons in the glove compartment and hits the road.
“It felt important,” he murmurs. He looks at the sky and wishes he knew which parts of it were his. “It felt monumental, to have the ability to create something like that. My siblings wanted their stars to shine the largest, the brightest, the farthest. But I didn’t want that. I just wanted a star that felt… stable. Well made. Something steadfast that, even if it wasn’t the brightest, would call to someone on earth and keep them safe. So they made their hundreds, and I made my few, and—perhaps it was silly. To think that a star would require such careful crafting.”
“Novak,” Sam repeats, staring at Dean like he’s grown a second head. Hell, that might make Dean feel better about the whole thing. Sure as hell would be less awkward than this. “Like, Cas’s vessel? Jimmy’s daughter?”
If there was any fight in Dean, it’s knocked out of him with that one word. His shoulders sag, cut free, and he crawls into their bed, curling himself around Cas. “Sorry I acted like such a dick today.”
Dean blinks, taken aback. It shouldn’t surprise him, honestly, all things considered, but it does anyway. Cas continues to eat, either unaware or uncaring of Dean’s meltdown as he processes. Finally, Dean says, “Take her with you. So, you…”
“You’re leaving?” she asks. She’s so friggin’ young, and it knocks the wind right outta Dean that he’s putting her through this. He swore he’d never do this kind of shit to his kids. Never leave them in the middle of the night and make ‘em cry.
“Yes,” Cas agrees. The look of recognition dawns slowly over his expression. The quickest lesson Cas has ever learned is making sure Claire knows she’s the priority. “We are attempting to lead normal lives here.”
They tear through Hell in a way that’s almost laughably easy, and Castiel grows more uneasy about it the further in they get. He doesn’t realize it right away but it soon dawns on him that there’s only one reason the demons would not put up a greater fight to stop them: they’re too late.
He can tell that Cas wants to push it, in some obnoxious way that he’s always been able to tell with Cas, but the poor guy must decide it’s not worth the emotional gymnastics he’d have to go through to get Dean to talk, because he just offers Dean a small smile and says, “You’ll have to tell me what you’ve been up to for the last two months.”
Cas is surprised to see him, to say the least. It’s kind of thrilling to see the way his eyes widen and his mouth crawls into a smile. “You’re home very early,” Cas observes.
“Good morning, Claire,” he murmurs, before going to the kitchen. Dean stands by the stove, wearing the apron they’d given him for Christmas, flipping a slice of French Toast. He tastes like sugar and syrup when Cas leans in and kisses him. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean glances back at the motel room, at the closed door and the curtain in the window that twitches when whoever’d been watching realizes they’ve been caught. Sam, most likely. Nosy shit. Dean shakes his head. “Not a hunt. Just, uh. Picking something up.”
Dean is long and smooth lines of muscle that radiates heat like a furnace, and there are times where Cas feels like he can’t touch enough of Dean at once. He’s desperate for it, sometimes. For the brush of their skin together and the frantic press of Dean’s mouth against his and the width of Dean’s hands splayed across his hipbone.
Dean rubs at his temple. “Not yet,” he murmurs. “I’m, ah. I’m not sure what to do next. Logic is telling me to head to Sioux Falls. Sam might be going towards Bobby, but. I dunno. My gut is telling me to go to Lawrence.”
down there. So what the fuck could it have been like for his brother, who’d shackled himself to Lucifer’s ankle to save the world and had surely pissed off the Devil so bad it was bound to have consequences. And Dean—fuck. There wasn’t a damn thing he could do to save his little brother and it’s shit like that that’ll haunt him ‘til the day heaven or hell takes him for good.
Victory always comes with a price. It comes to collect earlier than it should have, and everything goes to hell. Everything always goes to hell.
“What?” Sam asks, startled. He finally looks up. And, yeah, that’s fair, because Dean isn’t usually the guy to jump to God to explain unexplainable shit. Hell, Dean doesn’t think God had anything to do with this, but Sammy’s always had more faith than him when it comes to shit like this, so. If it’ll comfort Sam, then Dean will believe it. “Do
But things change over the years, as they tend to do. And Castiel may have been the thing that changed the most.
Hell, if that isn’t the question of the hour. This place isn’t anything. Not really. The first place he remembers meeting Cas, maybe, but that wasn’t the last first they shared, nor was it even the best. But it’s where it started. For him, at least. It started in Hell for Cas, holding Dean’s scarred and ugly soul as he carried them both out of the pit, but for Dean it started in some shitty barn that wouldn’t draw too much attention from the suburbs half a mile over or anyone passing by, and it started the second Cas walked through that door and lightbulbs shattered over his head. To anyone else this place would be nothing. To Dean it represents something he wants again and will never get back. Maybe that means it’s everything.
They spend the day fidgeting and making soup in the kitchen and checking on Claire periodically. She goes back and forth between wanting to be left alone and needing someone to be with her. Mostly, Claire just rests. Sometimes she asks Cas to sit with her, and they watch a show on her laptop until she falls asleep again.
Cas levels him with the same look he’s always given Dean any time he thinks Dean’s being a particularly obnoxious human. That, at least, is familiar. “It is not an easy story to tell, Dean,” Cas bites out. “You’ll have to forgive me if it takes me a moment to want to divulge it to you.”
is real? The tender way that Dean has touched him, the softness in his voice, all things Castiel has never earned before.
He sits down heavy on the edge of his own bed, quiet as Sam does the same. Then all at once, the levee breaks, and it’s pouring outta Dean’s mouth. “Sammy, what the hell, man? I mean, you were. You were
“Of course I looked,” Dean snaps, but as quickly as it had come the defensiveness bleeds out of him before he even tries to open his mouth again. “But it wasn’t worth a damn. I was outta my head with grief, and any thread I pulled on that might have been a lead was broken before I could get halfway into it. Then I just. I couldn’t
A young boy draws a hopscotch pattern on the sidewalk outside of the gas station, and Castiel watches patron after patron stop and smile at it before skipping through, no matter how old they are. An older gentleman buys a candy ring and gives it to his wife of fifty years. Teenagers stop to fill up their cars and they sing along to their radio without a care in the world. Day in and day out, Cas will compliment a tie that he likes, or a pin on a backpack, or a streak of pink hair, and almost always he’s rewarded with a quietly pleased smile.
It’s either a testament to how bored he’s been or some kind of commentary on how Dean’s life basically revolves around the people who live with him, but he follows Cas back into the house like an eager dog and doesn’t even feel ashamed for it. “Where you been?”
It gets the intended reaction. Dean snorts around a laugh and mutters, “That’s rich, coming from you.”
And Bobby must have a sixth sense to know that Dean’s not ready to have this conversation, because he nudges Sam out of the doorway and interrupts, “Didn’t realize I drove all this way out here just to watch you two putter around like a buncha’ idjits. We hittin’ the road soon, or?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he answers. His eyes dart to the pitcher of iced tea she’s got in her hands. “I hope I’m not interrupting.”
🧍been a while sry sry. i kept trying to go another direction with this chapter but the story was NOT having it so i had to adapt. n e ways thank y'all for your patience and i hope you enjoy!
Cas just shakes his head. They’re pressed so close together Dean feels it instead of seeing it. “We have time,” Cas says slowly. “You aren’t… Will you leave again? With Sam?”
against his neck and it’s nice, really, to know that there’s at least someone that’s relieved he’s still around.
“You’re a good guy, Cas,” Dean blurts out. Cas’s eyes widen in surprise. “Seriously. Not many dudes would do what you are in this situation. Lotta guys find out about a kid and run screaming in the other direction. But you’re trying. That means something.”
second chapter should hopefully be up soon, esp now that i wrote myself out of the hole i dug myself in lol. don't hold me to that tho<3
They get out of the car. Sam pulls their bags out of the trunk, his tiny backpack and Dean’s poor excuse for a packed bag, swinging one over his shoulder and handing the other one off to Dean. Dean makes sure the Impala is locked before leading them up the porch stairs to the front door. He warns them, “Claire’s probably asleep, so keep it down, will you? She’s got school in the morning.”
It could be a trap. He knows that. It almost always is, when it comes to the Winchesters and coming back from the friggin’ dead. He feels underprepared. He feels out of practice. And over all of it, over the uncertainty of what he’s walking into and the fear of what he’ll find and the anxiety about leaving Cas and Claire alone, here, he feels an overwhelming kind of grief. Which.
Someone restores him, down to every molecule, in a body that isn’t his but feels more like him than his true form does these days. Someone gives him a second chance at life—and later, though he doesn’t know it yet, he’ll get a third, and a fourth, and a fifth, and so on. He will become known as the hardest angel to kill and he will wear that title with both pride and shame.
Still. It’s nice. They get shit done.Cas finishes the laundry, and pulls meat out of the freezer for dinner, and does the dishes, and Dean watches the tv show he’s definitely
“Sure,” Sam says with a dumb, smug nod. He huffs a laugh out as Dean stomps away childishly, and it’s only when Dean is pushing open his own bedroom door that he hears Sam add quietly, “Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean reaches up before Cas can speak again, and wraps his fingers around Cas’s wrist. His eyes are wild, filled with tears, but his gaze never leaves Cas’s face. “It’s gonna take you, but we’re bringing you back, you hear me? We’re bringing you back.”
It takes Cas a moment, looking at Claire and watching her expression, before the joke truly sinks in, and he huffs out a laugh of his own. “Alright, Tremors it is,” he agrees. “Let’s hope he doesn’t take after the creature from his movie’s namesake, though.”
Dean sets himself up at a motel about a mile from the shop, some place where the owner was willing to negotiate his rate so long as Dean promised to stay put for at least a month. Dean goes into the shop every day, for lack of anything better to do, and Theresa and Pete never complain about it. It makes his paychecks fat and keeps his days busy. When he gets back to the motel, he unplugs his laptop from wherever he’d left it the night before and sets up somewhere with it, looking up houses for sale and drinking himself to sleep most nights. Not the healthiest way to live, he’s sure, but at least he’s fucking living.
Cas blinks at the both of them. Thinks about the hundreds of years he lived before he ever knew them, and how he’s learned that none of those years even hold a candle to the life he’s lived with this family, in this place. His throat is tight in a way he can’t truly attest to the way he’d woken up coughing. “Like I drowned.”
“Okay, drama queen, no more soap operas for you,” Dean announces. Cas drops his wrist, and Dean makes the damn turn they’ve been sitting at for far too long. “I don’t need celebrations for my shit. I don’t need rewards. I’m doing it because that’s what I’m here for. Way it always goes.”
poster. He doesn’t know what will happen when he sees Sam again. Doesn’t know whether or not Sam will understand. And what if Sam doesn’t want the same thing? What the hell is Dean supposed to do, then?
“God,” Claire complains, but instead of stomping out of the kitchen like Dean expects, she surprises him and takes the other folding chair from where it had been leaning against the wall, setting it up and plopping into a spot next to Cas. Hell, even
Silence settles heavy between them. Cas slowly eats another bite of rice, and Dean, still, stays quiet.
The whole thing only takes him twenty minutes, in all, so he’s back at the motel a lot quicker than he’d expected. Dean’s not sure if Cas was waiting for him or not, sitting at the window until he heard the sound of the Impala rolling up, but Cas is outside when Dean climbs out of the car, and helps him take all the food inside.
Dean looks at her, gobsmacked, and this time Cas can’t pretend he isn’t laughing. He takes another drink of his coffee innocently when Dean turns to give him a withering glare. “Traitor,” he says to Claire, pointing at her with the spatula. “Everyone under this roof is a traitor.”
“Are you accompanying us to the grocery store tomorrow?” Cas asks Claire, and it’s really nothing out of the ordinary since it’s something Cas has asked nearly every time they go shopping, except this time it sends a jolt through Dean that he can feel all the way down to his toes. He pauses, sandwich halfway to his mouth, taken aback by it.
“Cas, you know you don’t have to, like, wait for me to ask, right?” Dean says. He taps his fingers anxiously against the steering wheel. “Like, if something’s going on, you can just. I don’t know. Come tell me about it.”
Claire shifts suddenly, wrapping her arms around Cas and pulling him into a hug. Muffled by his hoodie, she says, “Thank you.”
Cas used to think his first act of free will came when he marked Dean’s soul with a branding of his own grace, but it wasn’t. It was creating Dean with his own design.
Sam hums. They let it fall quiet for a moment. Dean counts the mile markers as they pass. Finally, smugly, Sam asks, “Does this mean I’m an uncle now, or?”
thank you to sabi who was a literal godsend the entire time i wrote this, holding my hand through every roadblock i put in front of myself. her and cait saved my life with all their edits and suggestions and constant suffering through my voice messages and rambling texts.
