“I’ll come back,” he assured him. “Now go.”
It’s too much, yet everything he’s ever wanted, just at the wrong time.
Castiel’s eyes widen as Crowley appears behind Dean with the bloodied angel blade raised again. He only has a moment to react when a Dean smirks, turning to face the King of Hell. Once Dean’s eyes off him, Castiel feels like his head is clear again and quickly moves forward, grabbing Dean from behind, pinning his arms to his side. Dean screams in frustration, desperately trying to yank his arms free, dropping the Blade in the process. He trashes his body, but Castiel just tightens his hold. He feels his eyes beginning to glow as his grace reacts to simply touching Dean again, and he lets the warmth of his grace build inside him giving him more strength to help hold Dean back.
Using his right arm, Dean half crawls, half drags himself over to a fallen down tree that looks like decent enough cover, given the situation. It really doesn’t matter where he goes at this point with how much the wound is bleeding. Either the vamps will find him and he’ll be dinner, or he’ll pass out from blood loss. Either way, he knows he isn't moving from this spot anytime soon. Dean grits his teeth, pushing himself to lean back against the rough dead tree trying to find a position that doesn't make him want to pass out from pain instead of blood loss.
“Dean?”
And the scent, oh God, his scent smells even better than yesterday if that’s a possibility. Cedar and pine with the honey almost so strong that Dean swears he can taste it on his tongue – he
“Dean?” He asks again, in a tone that’s so close to being gentle Dean almost whimpers.
“There has to be something! We just aren’t looking hard enough!” Sam says to him. “I know it’s a long shot, but have you tried angel radio? Maybe during all this time they’ve found something.”
This has been the longest time Castiel has ever gone not talking to Dean since they’ve met. The first few days were manageable. Not ideal, but he kept himself busy enough that he didn’t have time to think about things. There was always work during the day, papers to write when he got home and cleaning he’s been neglecting around his apartment.
Chewing on his lip, Dean grips his phone tighter as his lock screen blinks back to life. Dean has a second of panic where he thinks no missed messages or calls is a sign that maybe Sam might have misread everything, but then his phone starts pinging with messages and missed calls.
After Sam dishes them both out generous portions of the soup, they both sit and begin eating in the living room with an awkward air around them. Dean manages to take a few spoonfuls of it before setting it down on the coffee table. It’s good. The aroma is something that, on a good day, would make his mouth start watering almost immediately. Tasting it is even better. But there’s a spice in it that reminds him too much of the undertones of Benny’s scent.
The pinch quickly turns into what feels like hellfire as the needle pushes deeper down into where his grace flows through him. His whole body tenses, his hands gripping the arms of the pitifully made wooden chair as he grits his teeth against screaming out.
“I’m pretty sure I just did, yeah.”
Shoving away those thoughts for later, Dean clears his throat. “Does this mean that everyone has just one mate?” The idea of knowing that someone-just-for-you is out there is nice. Doesn’t everyone fantasize about stumbling on some nice cute person on the street and hitting it off? But that isn’t what this is, is it? This is walking around with your nose in the air, trying to sniff out your soulmate while ignoring something amazing that could, literally, be right under your nose.
“Crowley has my grace, Dean!” He yells, tightening his hands into tight fists. It takes a moment of glaring at each other, steadying himself through deep breaths, before Castiel feels calm enough to begin again. “The only way to get it back is to kill Abaddon. Getting Crowley here with that damn Blade is literally the only thing we can do. But going off on some stupid, pointless cases that I never asked you to do in the first place? What sense does that make? You and your brother are both acting like children, for whatever reason, and it needs to stop!”
And that might be the most honest thing Dean’s ever said.
Sam’s eyes continue to glare at them, flicking back and forth like one of them might confess something different. “Benny? Like, your friend who works at the garage, Benny? Sold Uncle Bobby’s shop to, Benny?”
“Castiel, Castiel.” He tisks. “How many more times am I going to have to remind you we want the same thing?” Crowley sticks his hands in his jacket pockets, tipping his head to the other side as if thinking. “Though, how we get there is still, well, debatable.”
Castiel reaches into his pants pocket for his phone as he pushes open the doors, exiting the museum. Now that he’s back on talking to Charlie she’s been messaging him little things throughout the day. Cas knows that it’s her way of checking up on him, but instead of being annoyed by it he finds it rather comforting. Though he can’t check his phone nearly as much as Charlie sends out her messages, it’s been nice to see his message icon flashing at him when he checks his phone. For the first time since everything happened he doesn’t feel so alone.
Dean can always tell when the pain reaches its peak. His mind stops from being able to focus and all his senses are amplified by a hundred. He hears cars voices speaking in whispers from across the park, feels the vibrations of earth under his fists still pressed to the ground and sees the world around him like it’s the middle of the afternoon instead of sometime well past ten o’clock.
on the side of his neck. Dean hisses, swatting Cas’ hand away as he rubs the area.
“I don’t even swing that way,” Dean snaps backing up a few more steps. “And even if I did, you have a fucking wife who just had a kid! I don’t care if I smell like fuckin’ roses, there are lines that you just don’t cross. What the fuck is wrong with you?”
Dean ducks his head and quickly complies. Sam squeezes out a generous portion of the gel on his stomach and Dean has have a second to appreciate the fact that it’s heated before Sam is pushing the wand against the mess, rolling and spreading it out.
Castiel opens his mouth to say something, but holds up a hand instead. “I don’t want to hear it, son, because there legally isn’t anything I can do. Gordon wants to press charges for assault. Honestly if you’d even seen the guy you’d think Dean was getting off easy.”
Sam angrily throws the bag of food behind him, missing the trashcan. “Then how the hell are we supposed to do this!”
As embarrassing as it is to see his brother after his heats, Dean finds it even worse this time around answering questions involving him and the alpha having four days of heat sex.
, but coming up with nothing. Finally, they’re forced to focus on more pressing cases.
The smirk over his face only falters slightly before he’s yanking Castiel  closer. “These clothes are tonight. Just like you’re going to be mine.”
Shaking his head Cas levels a look at him before looking back out towards the sun setting in the distance. “Hardly fair, I think. Anything with that record doesn’t have a chance of coming my way.”
, he thinks – projects.
. Screw that. Fuck Heaven. What have they ever done for them anyway? Angel’s are nothing more than dicks with wings. If they didn’t bother enough to help Castiel when he needed someone, he wont bother even considering asking for help. Whatever is wrong with Castiel he will fix his damn self. Cas doesn’t deserve any of this. He doesn’t deserve the pain he’s in, or the dreams that haunt him. Dean grits his teeth as he hears Castiel breathe out the whisper of his name. Dean swears to whoever is listening that he will make whoever did this to Cas suffer so badly that they will wish that he would kill them.
“Sticks and stones, love,” he replies pushing Dean back. Dean reluctantly let go of the demon’s jacket. “Now it’s time to find Abaddon so you can kill that bitch and get your end of the deal.”
“Let him go!” Dean yells as he pushes off the tree, spinning around desperately trying to find his friend.
Hating himself for giving him, Dean just rubs at his pants a bit more violently than necessary trying to get some of the spunk out.
Taking in a deep breath, Dean slowly lets it out letting his body deflate with it. He realizes he’s been digging his blunt nails into Castiel’s sides, and mumbles out a quick apology before pushing himself off his mate and laying back on his side facing him. Cas quickly adjusts and turns to face him as well. As much as Dean wants to be pissed off with how patient his mate is, he’s more grateful that his alpha gives him time to collect his thoughts and work through all his headspace bullshit.
“Do you have it?”
“Dean.” Castiel breathes, forcing himself to keep his feet still and planted to the ground.
Castiel’s eyes are wide, staring back at him with words frozen on his partially opened mouth. They’re close. Close enough Dean thinks he should remember moving into Cas’ orbit, but again, his mind comes up blank.
Dean has to dig his nails into his hands, focusing on the back of Sam’s white coat just to keep moving forward. The omega in him screams for him to just turn around to try and soothe and comfort the pup. Why isn’t anyone trying to do something? Is it hurt? They’re at a hospital, why isn’t anyone helping?!
His brother is still yammering away when his brain clicks back on. “ – from what we can tell the ‘knot’ at the base of an alpha’s penis expands inside the omega right before climax, locking them together to ensure the best success for breeding. From what we’ve discovered, the knot takes anywhere from twenty to forty minutes to go down. Basically everyone is just running on instincts not really thinking about their actions. It’s almost like we’ve shifted into some sort of canine type of society, though obviously we’re still humans, but the primal urges and heightened –”
And then disappeared.
Castiel’s head turns to him so quickly that Dean actually takes a few steps backwards. The look he gives him isn’t something like sadness that Dean thought it was. No, his blue eyes are narrowed at him like he’s trying to send icicles shooting from them. He slowly rises from his seat and Dean realizes that his hands that seemed to be setting on the counter are really shaking, clasped together. Swallowing thickly, Dean takes another step back, eyes growing wide as he takes in the raw anger radiating from his boyfriend.
Sighing, his patience really wearing thin with whatever Charlie is trying to get across. Usually he has more tolerance for whatever roller coaster of a thought process she’s taking him on. Even though he and Dean are over, he still loves him. Even despite every attempt to try and forget everything, he can’t.  Castiel can’t help but wonder why she’s purposely toying with him with something so serious.
Sam gave him a bottle of pills that looked suspiciously like birth control tablets one of his exes use to take. His brother said they are suppressants and they’d help lessen the symptoms of his heat. The blockers (though never really out on the market) are now being considered illegal because they “deceive” others of their true designation.
Letting out a breath of relief, Dean falls back against the couch. It’s too messed up to think about the possibility of something – someone – growing inside him.
It’s a lot. It’s more than that, it’s…destiny? Dean isn’t even sure he believes in something like that; some preordained life mapped out road. Who was to say that Benny and him were going to fight that day? No one could have planned that. If this virus wasn’t here, would he even have met the guy? Hell, up until Cas he wasn’t even fully aware he was into guys. Not really, at least.
damn kidnapping growing cold. He can’t get the parents distraught faces out of his head.
She whines, circling her hips on her fingers.
“I know you’re here, Crowley,” he growls. “Why don’t you come out so I can repay the favor?”
Dean forces his body to turn to face Charlie who actually looks up and gives him a quick smirk before sinking back in to whatever the hell it is that she’s doing.
Cain stands slowly, tossing the bear aside. He raises an eyebrow at Castiel as amusement passes over his face quickly to disappear. “Yes. Soon it will be a genocide. My children, my whole poisoned issue.” He walks closer to Castiel, voice cryptically low. “A lot of them out there right now. Killers, fighters, rapists, thieves…” He tilts his head, shrugging again. “Some more peaceful than others but they still carry it-the disease. If the Mark wants blood, I’ll give it mine.”
“But Cain isn’t Dean.” Crowley smirks, leaning back against the wall.
Dean pushes himself up, stumbling and toeing off his boots while trying not to fall and touch the wall at the same time. He wants to blame panting and sweat running down his body from the feat, but in the back of his mind he knows what’s going on. Dean finally succeeds and kicks off his soaked boxers and pants, walking towards the bathroom. His dick is already half hard and slick seems to be flowing freely as he turns the water on letting it get warmed up.
Dean’s eyes snap open as he pulls away from Castiel. They both hiss, looking down at the same time and bumping heads.
Everything.
*~*~*~*
“Why!” Castiel screams as his wrists are grabbed and slammed against the headboard, The shifter’s  hand still in his pants grabs his flaccid cock and gives it a tug. He screams in frustration as he tries to thrash his body out from under the shifter to no avail.
“Holy shit,” is all Dean can say, staring blankly across his darkened room.
Elasa bolape sapah - you are safe
Sam gives an understanding look and just sits there, almost like he’s waiting for something. Dean wonders if Sam’s always known and it was only him being oblivious to his own feelings towards males until now. The kid has always been more intuitive than most, but it almost hurts that Sam never asked him about it.
“Fuck,” Dean moans, tipping his head back and letting it drop on Cas’ shoulder. “Feels s’good.”
Castiel closes his eyes and turns away from Dean, chastising himself for even having the smallest amount of hope. It was never going to work. “I can give you pointers, you know. Tell you stories about all the souls I tortured and ripped apart in Hell. Mm, their blood tastes better after they’ve been left screaming for hours. It’s almost like the fear and pain marinates their souls.”
“Wait,” Dean said turning back and reaching for him. “Don’t go.”
“Can we just skip the bullshit and just get to why you’re here?” Dean snaps. “You want to know about breaking bonds, right?”
“Okay? So he was a nice guy, statistically speaking it was bound to happen.”
“W-what’s going on? Where are we?” He stutters blinking up at Dean with wide eyes. Dean’s breath catches at how bright the blue of his eyes are. How does he always forget how damn blue they are?
“I thought…”
Here we go!
He stalks up to her raising the demon blade, but is only meant with a foot to the chest. Stumbling backwards he gasps in a few lungful of air trying to catch his breath, glaring up at the blond who only smirks in response. She pushes off the wall towards him. Dean isn’t able to block her swing quick enough, and is greeted with a punch to his gut that sucks the rest of the air out of him, and another to the face. He grabs her arm as he comes back to him again, and spins her hard enough her back is pressed against his chest, and rams his knife into her chest. Dean tosses her body to the side before her life finishes flickering out.
“Morning sunshine, about time you decided to join the land of the living,” a female voice says. “My name is Meg. Do you know where you are?”
Dean takes a step back finding it suddenly harder to breathe. “You can just give it away? Just like that?”
“H’long?” Dean squints his eyes open slowly, seeing a blurry person wearing green in front of him.
“The only reason I’m even entertaining you two morons is because I find it poetic you’re doing the very thing that led our little killing machine in there down this path,” he says with a smirk.
“I’m fine! It’s not like I’m some broken thing or dead. I’m – ”
Cas smiled back before Dean took his hand in his and guided him to the main deck. “Sam, Ash, Charlie, Benny!” Dean boomed across his ship. Cas was in awe of how loud his voice was.
Dean nodded his head, smiling a little and put his forehead against Cas’s. “Always.”
“I said,” he said through gritted teeth, “I
“Doesn’t matter,” She said in almost a snarl. “Once your father got wind of the rumors he’d ban Winchester from ever docking here again. There go your little fuck-fests.”
“Omega, please keep quiet. Truthfully, you may leave now, we have no need for any dances or entertainment from you, especially not from an omega carrying a pup,” Alastair said, waving at Castiel as he looked at Dean. “Your Majesty, truly, I simply need you to—”
“Cas, wait, wait, wait…that means you’re one of the Angel kids, too,” Dean said, and the shock in his voice was almost tangible. “You have powers?”
Dean’s stomach grumbled as he was making up his bed again and when he’d finished, he almost jammed himself in the hip in his haste to start making food for when Castiel woke up. He wondered if Castiel liked bacon or sausage more? Toast or pancakes? Eggs with or without yolk? There was so much to learn about Castiel, and Dean wanted to get into all of it with the omega right that second. Dean controlled himself, though, reminding himself that Castiel needed his sleep after last night.
Metanoia - a transformative change of heart. | Song Recommendation (and title inspiration) - Wake Me Up by by Foreign Air
Cas sighed as he felt a cool, numbing cream be spread over his wounds. “It’s okay.”
Castiel thought for a moment, figuring what the harm could be in seeing Dean again. He liked the feeling he got when Dean said kind things. And when their hands would brush it was like this bolt of electricity shot through him that made him feel alive. What was the harm in giving Dean his number?
“I love you, too,” Dean said. Cas twirled his fingers into the hair just behind Dean’s ear, chewing on his bottom lip a little before speaking again.
“Well…” Charlie paused.
Dean pressed into Castiel’s heat, smirking as the omega squeezed around him again.
“Tell me what to do,” Cas said, grindings his hips into Dean.
Castiel didn’t miss how Alastair
Cas stepped away, aiming to get out of the mess and find something else to do. Maybe Ben and Ash would like some company. Hannah said she didn’t have anything planned tonight, and Cas found that she was one of the only new recruits he got along with really well. He very much liked her company.
“Obviously, I wouldn’t recommend eating cockroaches
“Cas?” Gabe’s voice sounded from behind Castiel, but Castiel heard it from a million miles away.
“I still don’t trust alphas, and I don’t want to,” Castiel said, “I don’t like alphas. So, if we ever talk, it has to be with Arkangel near.”
Dean blinked, “What does that mean?”
“Have you talked to Dean about this?” Gilda asked. Cas shook his head, closing his eyes as a slight breeze rustled his hair.
“What?” Dean pushed himself up into a sitting position again. “No it’s not.”
As of now, this is the only fic I have planned for the “Angel Academy” AU, but I haven’t watched the second season of Umbrella Academy, so maybe I’ll be inspired to add another fic to this universe. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Let me know if that’s something you’d be interested in.
“Dean, please?” He whined, pushing back against Dean again. “Please tie me up and fuck me. Gods, Dean, please; I want you in me right now.” Dean draped himself over Cas, holding him still as he lazily pushed his hips against Cas’s panty-clad and perfect ass.
“Dean,” Cas begged again, almost to the point of coming no matter what Dean did. “I’m so close.”
“Still on my ship.”
He stared at the new and pristine looking spyglass carefully set in some more cloth. Looking up at Sam he said, “You got me a new spyglass?”
“I don’t want the Novak legacy,” Cas started slowly, “I’m not a Novak.”
“Dean…” Castiel breaths, his breath ghosting a kiss on his lips.
“Good. That’s good, Dean,” he says in that clam, deep voice Dean can’t help but zero in on. “Then you know I’m just here to help. I’m not going to hurt you.”
“I thought I lost you,” Cas says, voice heavy with emotion.
Rough hands grab him as he attempts to move closer to the edge of the bed, turning him around so he’s laying on his back looking up at Dean. Castiel swings his bound hands up trying to hit him, but it’s pointless. To a shifter he’s about as powerful as a gnat. A weakened angel, even less powerful than a healthy human,
“No,” Sam interrupts. “I didn’t. I remember what I told you. It was telling you what the different designations were coded for.”
They were mated before Sam knew about Castiel. Dean reminds himself that he let his guard down enough enough to let the alpha bite him. This whole thing is on him and losing himself to his damn omega hormones. Sam is just looking out for him and trying to see the best in the situation.
“And no,” Castiel snaps, narrowing his eyes back at Dean. “This is not some ploy that I have to keep you. I don’t think I have to do anything to have you. And even if I did, I would hope you know me enough to trust that I would never use sex as a tool against you – us.” Softening his eyes, Castiel rubs his thumb against Dean’s fuzzy cheek. “This isn’t anything more than me finally telling you I’m ready. Whenever you are, of course. For the first time I finally feel this…I don’t know, fire burning inside me. And all I know is I’ve never wanted to be with another person as strongly as I want to be with you.”
Comments keep me going! Come scream at me in the comments. Kudos give me a high! ^_^
“Guess so,” he says in a rough voice sliding his key in the lock and twisting it. “Unexpected, but maybe that should be expected anymore, you know?”
, but he can’t bring himself to really have any heat behind the words.
Castiel spins to charge at the demon, but Sam steps in front of him, arms raised. “Stop. He’s just trying to get a rise out of you.”
“Guide to – no!” The man scoffs before continuing walking the rest of the way to him, only stopping when a short space remains between them. Huh, so entities or whatever aren’t big on personal space. Got it. “I’m your –” He huffs breath, squeezing his eyes tight while rubbing the bridge of his nose. “Who I am isn’t important, but our window leave before the others find out I detoured your soul is limited.”
“No, I, uh, used the last of it,” Castiel whispers watching Dean’s eyes dance back and forth underneath his eyelids.
“Probably couldn’t even keep it up if he tried. Poor thing – ”
He shakes his head ridding himself of the image and thoughts. What the hell was that? More importantly, what the hell is this guys problem? Aren’t medical people suppose to be better than than the average alpha or stuck up beta on the street?
“Sam said it was quite a night,” he adds, voice sounding suspiciously chipper suddenly. “Twins, I think, right?”
Castiel lets out an exaggerated sigh before nuzzling the area above the bite mark. “You’re incorrigible.”
“She has Crowley and the Blade,” he says without a hint of emotion. “She realized she can’t use the Blade without me and is using Crowley as leverage, or something.” Dean gives a slight shrug, sticking his hands in his pockets, looking out at the field on the other side of the road. “Cleveland, Ohio. She said she gave Sam the address. I just need to be there to be her lap dog, or do whatever killing she wants done. Something like that.”
A shrill sound of metal against something solid pierces his left ear, and he lolls his head to the side to see his angel blade sticking out of the rocky earth beside him. Castiel blinks numbly at the silver shining in the firelight, and slowly turns back to the body still on top of his.
“I’m a doctor and that would be a stretch for me to just have that kind of money laying around,” Sam says. “Who did you say paid it?”
“I feel very alive at the moment,” Dean said, “Despite the circumstances.” A frown tugged at the corners of his lips. Cas cupped Dean’s face with his hands and ran his thumbs along Dean’s bottom lip. The man sighed and leaned further into Cas’s touch, his eyelids drooping closed.
“I do need more time before we make love again,” Cas said,  “But, I’m also right about one thing.”
“Yes, Castiel,” his mother’s voice became quiet as Cas heard a door shut. It was no secret his mother was unfaithful to his father. She’d been sleeping with the help for years; since Cas was at least eight and he’d walked in on the former cook with his mom on his lap and the his hands on her breasts.
“What’s our next step?” Castiel said. Dean pecked him again, and then sat up, pulling his shirt over his head.
“It’s when, though,” Cas said, giving Dean a peck. “
Dean also hadn’t expected Abbadon to have a partner: Lucifer. He’d been feeding her information on him and his crew for months because from what Benny had said, once Dean was gone Lucifer’s plan was to go back to Heaven for Cas. Lucifer was in love with him, apparently, and hoped that Cas would one day learn to love him, too. But once they figured out Abbadon had to have someone on the inside, Lucifer showed his true nature: a coward who was easy to intimidate. He had been even easier to kill, a task Dean took pleasure in executing.
On one hand, he was happy that Dean was happy. Dean deserved so much. He deserved to be happy and be loved and admired. Cas was truly happy that Ben and Lisa had joined him on the Impala because, it didn’t only benefit Lisa and Ben, but Dean, too. All three of them needed the support and love they all gave each other.
“Then I guess I’m just going to have to leave you like this until you can calm down,” Dean began to pull away.
“I am sorry, Cas,” Dean said, reaching out to grab Castiel’s elbow. He tried to pull Castiel to look at him, but Castiel shook Dean’s hand off and turned his back to him. “Cas, please.”
“Turn into the alley on the left up here,” Cas instructed, lifting his head up only slightly to see where they were. “It goes along the outskirts of town and leads out to the woods.”
“If you insist,” Dean said, shrugging. He gripped Cas’s hips roughly and pulled him back as he thrust forward.
—alerting whoever may be in the room it was midnight and that it was the eighteenth.
“Are you wearing—” Dean stopped himself. Cas smiled at him knowingly, confirming that yes, he was indeed wearing
Just like last time, Cas watched the ship leave until long after he couldn’t see it anymore. Part of him was staying because he hoped that Dean would turn the ship around and come right back and take him on the ship and never return to Heaven. He knew that wasn’t going to happen. Not yet.
“That was the first time, Dean,” Castiel said, unable to stop himself from being angry. And the scary thing was that he wasn’t angry at Dean, but he couldn’t fucking stop himself from unleashing it all at Dean. He didn’t know why. Maybe it was a test for Dean; to see if this is what was going to push him over the limit. “You want to hear all the other times, Dean? Like how the alphas at school chased me home everyday when the teachers stopped looking, and sometimes they caught me. Or how every single one of my alpha teachers needed to give me extra help because I,
Cas cried, “Please." He was not able to breathe well from the air being kicked out of him. There wasn't enough oxygen getting to his brain. He struggled to get up, but couldn’t. His body was too weak with pain, his brain was starved, and his vision was going blurry . “I’m sorry!” He cried before giving up and passing out on the floor, once more.
“Everyone out!”
“I’m so sorry father!” Cas sobbed, his arms shaking from trying to keep himself up. “I don’t know what you want me to say!” He heard his father laugh once again before a sharp, quick pain shot out from the back his head. His father had his hand in his hair and was forcing Cas to look him in the eyes.
“Has he been in here all day?” He asked.
“I did,” Cas whispered. He trailed his hand down to thumb over Dean’s lips. “I wanted to talk to you, though.”
“Well, wait, maybe I can walk with you for a bit?” Dean said, and Castiel spared a look up. He was greeted with this hopeful look on Dean’s face. It was completely disarming and Castiel felt this odd sensation in his stomach he realized had to be butterflies. “I mean, you look a little unsteady on your feet and I wouldn’t want you running into someone else,” Dean joked. Castiel blushed and looked down at his feet. “I could walk you to your next destination?”
Maybe deciding to walk home after the day Castiel had had wasn’t a good idea, but it was only a half hour walk. And Castiel liked being outside. Fresh air, city noises, and the lights as people wound down for the day was calming. New York may be the city that never sleeps, but there was a certain routine that people had when the sun went down, and Castiel had always liked being able to witness that.
When he woke up, two months later, he was told it had been Rachel who’d found him being cut up by the raiders. She tried to scare them off, but two of them had panicked and charged her—no doubt meaning to kill her—but Rachel never left her house without a gun, and she’d killed the two of them. That had been what scared the rest off.
“Gabe,” he cried, “I’m scared.”
Cas smiled and nodded, “Yeah, I don’t see why not.”
“I know,” Castiel whispered. He reached up to cup Dean’s face, resting his forehead against the alpha’s. “You’re here. Everything is okay.”
Juvement: A cry of surprise, basically.
“The cut on his face…”
“I’m not rude.” Gabe moved his hands under his head and closed his eyes. “I’m opinionated.”
“Dean,” Cas gasped in a moment of clarity, making the older man lift his head and look into Cas’s eyes. Cas’s mouth dropped open and his eyelids drooped. Cas moaned Dean’s name loudly as he came again, pulling Dean with him in a erratic — almost painful — jerk.
Those voices… Castiel knew who had Dean and rage boiled inside him because
“I… I love you, Cas,” Dean said, his voice breaking.
“Yes!” Castiel nodded frantically, rolling his body down to meet Dean’s thrusts. He threaded a hand into Dean’s hair and guided the alpha’s face to his mating gland. “Yes, Dean, please, I love you. Bite me! Make me yours!”
Castiel just poured himself another cup of hot cocoa from his seat on the porch. He smiled at Dean, standing on their front lawn getting soaked by the rain just as he had on the wall home. Castiel snuggled up into the sweater and sweatpants of Dean’s he was wearing and pulled his blanket tighter around him.
Dean had almost listened to her. Now, though, he was so glad he hadn’t. For more reasons than
“Meg?” Rachel said.
Castiel let out this pathetic little wounded sound. “No!”
“Gah! You and your stupid health food phase!”
Cas whimpered, raking his nails down Dean’s back. Dean chuckled and snapped his hips forward again, pulling out slowly before repeating his actions: fast in, slow out.
Benny turned to Cas, giving him a light shoulder squeeze and saying, “I’ve got to go get breakfast ready for tomorrow. I’ll see you later, Cas.”
“Cas?” Dean whispered, sliding his hand up to remove Cas’s blindfold. He was met with fluttering eyelids and glazed over eyes. “Baby?”
“I love you, Dean,” Cas whispered, pulling him down into a heated kiss. “I love you enough for the both of us; and I’ll continue to love you until you learn to love yourself, too.”
on his birthday.
“The living room.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper. Cas immediately wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and pulled him into a kiss, only breaking because Dean needed to catch his breath.
insane?!” Cas almost yelled. “You’d have to be
The time it took to get to the Academy? It couldn’t have been more than a blink to someone not like Castiel. One moment Castiel was in the cabin and the next he was in the library of the place he hated to call home. No one was around, but Castiel could hear them. He could both sense them, and hear them talking in the parlor, so Castiel took a moment to collect himself and then he was moving. Every step he took hurt him, because he was so close to Dean, he could feel it, and yet he was also so far away from him.
One infraction that stood out to Cas was the time of which the husband said he got home. It didn't line up with the time in which it would've taken him to get home from the whorehouse. He said he left at around eleven fifteen, and his house was a twenty minute walk from the brothel. The husband said he got home at eleven forty, but he also said he took a carriage home; meaning he should have gotten home much faster.
“Do it,” Dean interrupted as he grabbed some onions. “I mean, hell, Cas, what have you got to lose? I can’t imagine a scenario that involves you not at least placing in a writing contest.”
“What do you need? I’ll get if for you,” he said, and Castiel couldn’t even find it in himself to refuse Dean’s offer. He pointed to his bag and Dean grabbed it for him, waiting as Castiel started rifling through it for his meds.
“Nay!” Dean rolled his eyes at her impatience. “I will lay our bridge and we will meet in the middle. If you try any funny business, my crew will not hesitate to start feeding the fishes with your crew.” Dean set his jaw and waited as the swabs started lowering the bridge. The other ship was smaller, and so the bridge had to be set at a slant, but Dean took this to be a good thing.
“I got you,” Dean murmured, thrusting his hips very shallowly and smiling at the high pitched sounds Cas let out. “So beautiful, Cas.”
Cas spared a second to look up at him, “It’s not your fault.”
“I’ve been out here twenty minutes,” Dean yelled again. Castiel took a long sip.
“God,” Dean returned Cas’s moan with his own. “How the fuck do you manage to be so goddamn arousing.” Cas gave him a toothy grin and rolled his hips sensually. “Fuck. Do you want me to take us to the bed?” Dean asked, already starting to get a grip on Cas and stand up.
“You mean, the most successful pilot from back when it was still illegal to fight…That Lucifer?”
Dean caught him by his arm and dragged him back up and into his chest. The boy wailed and started crying.
“Let go of me!” Jo screeched, but Benny ignored her, moving to head back inside.
“I expect you to have your work done by the time I get back and have the next articles started.”
“Yeah, what kind of condom do you wanna use?”
“So fucking hot, Cas,” Dean praised, “You’re almost there. It’s okay, take your time. You don’t need to rush.”
Castiel nodded as Gilda looped her arm through his just as Jess had. The two of them directed him out of his room.
“You are awake,” Cas whispered. “You had a nightmare.” He slowly reached his hand up to Dean’s face. “May I?”
Dean laid him down on the bed, his heart racing as Dean gave him a gentle kiss before trailing kisses down to his neck, stopping at his mating gland. Castiel gasped in excitement and arch up into the sensation. He wanted Dean’s bite, and he was so close to getting it. Dean only kissed and licked at the sensitive gland, gradually pushing Castiel chemise up until it pooled under his arms.
“You still want my knot?” he asked, even though he knew Castiel had agreed to it earlier. Dean still wanted to know if he wanted it now.
“Always,” he said under his breath as Dean started making his way along the bridge.
Abomination whipped his head around to look at Arkangel, rage and hatred clear in his eyes. He pushed himself up onto his legs, barely even able to turn himself around to face Arkangel before he screeched again and he fell back onto his hands. Castiel could see the lower half of his spine caved in now, too.
“You can also run on your own,” She rolled her eyes. “I’m not stupid.” Cas grit his teeth and let her drag him the rest of the way to the docks. He could see Dean’s outline standing there talking with someone. Cas almost broke into a run, but thought better of it.
“Great, I am famished,” Alfie said, falling in step on Castiel’s other side as they began their walk to Benny’s.
“I’m sorry, father,” Cas said. Michael made a noise of acknowledgment as he shifted, tapping his foot on the floor.
“You fucking piece of garbage,” she said, wiping the blood from her mouth before reaching down to wrap her hands around Castiel’s throat. Castiel reached out, moving his hand around to try and find anything that could help him. “You have any last words?” Amara smiled at him, toothy and insane. Castiel frantically tried to buck her off of him and search for anything on the ground he could use to gain leverage but found nothing. “No? Well, say goodbye, then,” Amara said. Castiel flung his arm out, gasping as it came in contact with something cold and metallic. “I’m going to kill you.”
Without even knocking, Sam unlocks the door and lets himself in late that night. He’s still wearing his scrubs, and takes a beer from the fridge before collapsing on the couch beside Dean. His brother looks like hell warmed over, and he can’t even bring himself to crack a joke about what if he wasn’t decent. Sam drinks three-fourths of the beer before telling Dean the guy didn’t make it.
“Dean,” Sam says, wincing as Dean pulls his head back further, exposing more of his throat. “You don’t want to do this.”
“I’m fucking fine, and was doing fine until you showed up!”
“You know I gotta hand it to you two for being persistent,” he says with a chuckle. “Not only did I not hunt you down and kill you, but I literally left the country to avoid you. But that wasn’t good enough, was it?” He leans over, grabbing a handful of Sam’s hair yanking him to his feet. “You got me chained, I’ll give you that. But how else did you think this thing was ever going to end?”
'Ello my beautiful humans! How are you this fine evening?
Next he notices the heat. It’s an extreme wetness, humid, and not just from the fires around him. It is the kind of heat that creeps into your lungs with heaviness and makes you feel like you’re drowning on your own breath.
How can he go up against Dean if he can barely move a bed out of the room? He rubs his chest trying to pull at his grace. It barely responds for him. Frustrated, he tries again, reaching and pulling at his grace to heal himself. Once more it ignores him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen to yourself! This isn’t you!” Dean grips Benny’s shirt tighter and slams him back against the car again. “I was your fucking friend and you were supposed to be different. What the hell would Andrea think?”
Huh. That’s…unexpected. But, that seems to be the theme tonight, so Dean just goes with it.
“Uh, yeah,” Sam says, glancing back at Crowley again. “Sixth was when he started acting more human.”
Instead of thinking about it, he lets the fog that’s been clouding his mind sink in deeper. With a shudder, his mind empties except for the steady repeat of
Dean blinks a few times before raising his hands in a calming gester. “Hey man, having a kid is hard and all, I get that. You get shit for sleep, but uh, if you need a few days off that’s cool. You don’t have to come in here exhausted. I get it.”
Castiel warm breath against his neck sends goosebumps all over Dean’s skin. “Does it matter?”
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. Dean knows he’s just been living on borrowed time ever since. Three years later and he has to live with the fact that he
As he stands there in front of his angel, staring back into those blue eyes (the ones that Dean has sworn he’s only ever seen that color one other time before that was when the world was created. He swears God himself pulled and created all different forms and shades from this, Castiel’s blue) Dean realizes he would gladly let those hellhounds drag him back down to Hell if it meant spending just a few more years with his angel.
Dean squeezes Castiel’s dick enough to make him hiss before diving his tongue into his mouth, swirling it around his tongue, sucking it into his mouth. Castiel hisses as Dean growls out, “Don’t fucking say her name!”
“If we’re doing this, we’re doing it with my blood. Not like it matters but Dean and I have the same blood type. We just need to find a priest.”
The mingled scent of him and Cas is faint after days of them being together, but still there. Pushing his face down deeper into the cotton, Dean groans into the pillow, taking a bigger breath before a chuckle tickles his ear.
Dean raises his eyebrow in question. “You can just turn off your scent at the drop of a hat?”
Since everyone started hearing less about the virus and more about the odd way everyone was acting, suspiciously every other country hit the hardest with the virus are suddenly radio silent. Dean has even tries to Google Italy at one point, but just gets a generic article talking about how the “country is slowly getting back to normal”. China is even quieter, and the most recent thing he can find is something a month or two old about overrun hospitals.
Dean feels the pressure of Castiel’s eyes and glances up at him. The alpha is squinting down at him, face completely blank otherwise. Dean subtly scents the air, but doesn’t pick up on anything other than a hint of honeyed green tea and wet forest earth. There’s something calming their scents mingling together that stills something in him. He hates that he loves it.
Sam’s eyes narrow, boring into him so intensely Castiel has to hold back shifting under the stare. “What exactly does it mean to extract your grace?”
“When was the last time ate something?” Castiel asks digging around in his nightstand. “Have you drank anything since yesterday?”
Sam shakes his head before running a hand through his hair which looks a little more rumpled than usual. “I told the head at the hospital that there might be a way to break the mating bond. I explained everything we talked about and he didn’t seem too thrilled, to say the least.” He lets a long sigh, eyes focused on something behind Dean. “Madison and I have been trying to figure out a way get in touch with some of the alpha’s that bit the omegas. You know, to get something of theirs to help with their omega’s rejection, just like Cas did with you. It’s hard, though. Some aren’t so lucid. Others have no idea who bit them. It’s practically a dead end. Most of the alphas could give two shits about what’s going on, anyway. Hence the rejection in the first place.”
“Do you have any idea what you’ve agreed to?” Castiel asks taking a step towards him. Dean looks up at him, and for a moment Castiel lets himself get lost in those beautiful moss colored eyes. “There as to be another way. There is always another way. You taught me that!”
Dean barely finds and makes it to her bathroom in time. He throws up everything inside his stomach, but still can’t get the taste of the girl out of his mouth. He manages to duck out of the nameless girls apartment, avoiding her all together.
act that way. But what he did to you, then he called you
he would never bring himself to cheat on anyone – even someone like Benny.
Leaning forward Castiel tries not to think about anything, but lets his mind clear. He closes his eyes as his lips brush Dean’s ear. “Ol bolape emna,” he whispers just loud enough that Dean can hear him. “Elasa bolape sapah. Ol bolape erm elasa.”
“Huh,” Dean says dropping his hands on the table and glancing back at the corner where they’d collided. “She kind of did the same thing with me.”
“Six-thirty.” Pushing himself deeper into the misty flashes of memories, recognizes the garage door closing. Benny standing there, saying something that made him angry. He remembers being angry now. Why was he so angry?
Dean looks down at the Mark on his arm, still exposed from where Cas pulled his sleeve up. It doesn’t matter that he’s got it on his arm. They always figure it out and this isn’t any different. He’ll fix every mistake he made, and at the end of the day, that’s all that matters. He’ll show Castiel that he can do this. He can make things right again. Death be damned, he’ll fix it all.
Castiel looks up to see both brothers glaring back at each other. He knows he needs to stop everything before it gets worse, but Cas isn’t quite sure if his legs will let him stand.
Walking out the back door of his house, Dean looks around the yard trying to spot his friend. Weird. He’s always here waiting for him. A sudden chill runs up his spine, but he tries to pass it off as the temperature starting to change. For the briefest of moments, he considers calling out his name. Of course he would never break their trust and friendship over something so careless. As far as Dean’s concerned he will take the faeries name to the grave with him. Torture him, kill him, whatever, he will never give up his friends name so someone can have control over him.
Ripping out the blade, he turns to the blond who is creeping up behind him. She pulls out a knife of her own, eyes flicking from the demon blade back up to Dean’s face. She closes the space between them, slicing at his chest. Dean dodges and pushes her away. She stumbles back, disorientated for a moment, then rushes back towards him yelling, swinging her knife at his face. With his free hand Dean manages to grab her swinging wrist and slams his fist into her hand, forcing her to drop the knife with a clatter on the floor. Dean grips onto her tightly, spinning her around before letting her go and tossing her against the wall.
Cautiously making his way through the garage towards the office, he steps through the threshold just as Benny steps out of the back office, shutting the door behind him.
With Benny out of jail he can’t help the little bit a fear that’s a constant current underneath his skin. Somehow, though, with Sam here and knowing Castiel will be back soon he’s more or less alright. There’s a lot he needs to catch Cas up on, and where he knows sooner is always better than later, but three o’clock in the morning just doesn’t seem to be the best time for deep conversations like that.
“Well lookie what we have here,” Dean says grinning back at him. “Seems you guys just can’t take a hint.”
Dean pauses at the bottom of his neck, right before it meets his shoulder and starts licking and sucking. Castiel unabashedly moans, canting his hips up against Dean’s hardened length. His mind feels fuzzy, but not in the numb type of state he’s been living in. No, this is a beautiful haze of want, love and lust overwhelming his senses leaving him hyper aware of every touch exchanged between them.
Sam’s eyes narrow as he turns his head to Dean. “He said I wasn’t doing my job,” he says in a low growl. “I wasn’t comforting omegas as they were dying. He said my new ‘obsession’ with trying to save them was preventing me from doing my job.”
the motel keys?” Dean rambles running a hand through his hair. He glances at Sam who’s forehead is furrowed in concentration as he stares at his phone. “It had to’ve been someone who knew us and watched us pull into this spot.”
“I understand… No, he’s right here.” Sam holds the phone out to Dean, eyes narrowing in suspicion. “Abandon.”
He stares at the empty place where Cain was standing just seconds before, blinking slowly. He briefly glances around the area, lowering his blade after sensing no one near. The conversation with Cain replays in his mind, as he tightens his grip on the smooth handle of his blade. Castiel feels a tingle from his grace that helps make up his blade pulsing underneath his hand, trying to soothe his pain away.
“No,” he gasps. “No, no no, please God, no. No!” Dean yanks his hand away, watching Castiel stumble backwards. “No! Damnit, no! I didn’t – I swear I – Help!” He looks around the room helplessly knowing no one is going to come. “Somebody help me!”
Sam holds his eyes for only a moment longer before looking away and walking to the other side of the table. Castiel watches as Sam runs a hand through his tangled hair in frustration, glaring at the ground as he paces back and forth.
“Cas?” Dean whispers.
*~*~*~*
Castiel watches Sam nervously look at him again, and by his facial expressions, it looks as though he’s waiting for an answer. Maybe he asked if he needed anything else? How could he have missed something like that? Maybe it’s because of his exhaustion.
Castiel hums and then his lips are mouthing and nipping at his neck. Dean can’t help the moan again, thrusting into his fist.
“You know the fucked up part?” Tears sting his eyes and he blinks his eyes rapidly to try and keep them away. “I
After a bit of coaxing and just letting Cas’ scent relax him, Dean lets his alpha help him to the couch. Castiel disappears for a moment only to return with a glass of water and an apology that he has to leave to change uniforms before filing the report before his shift starts.
Castiel’s eyes widened and after a moment of processing, he wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist.
“Fuck,” Dean grunted, feeling Cas clench around him almost unbearably tight. After a few stuttering thrusts, he came. He fell onto Cas’s and closed his eyes, savoring the feeling of
Castiel couldn’t believe it. And all he wanted was to hurt
can I fuck you in
Dean interrupted, “No more of that, though. No more, I swear to you. We’re better together.”
. And Castiel had searched
“Okay,” he said quietly. “I’m okay.”
“Omegas,” Alastair said, “They are the lowest designation.”
“It’s simple, Castiel,” His father smiled bitterly. “I don’t want you to say anything.” Cas sobbed, making his father sneer and let go of him. Michael stood up and threw the poker next to Cas, who had collapsed. The loud clang made Cas jerk away from it and sob loudly again. Cas brought his hand up to his mouth to stifle the noises. "I want you to do as I tell you and quit screwing everything up!"
“I’m so close, Dean,” Cas mewled, rolling his body into Dean frantically. Dean huffed and moved his head from Cas’s shoulder to his chest, taking one of his nipples into his mouth and swirling his tongue around the nub as he sucked lightly on it. “Gods, Dean!” Cas cried out, clamping down on Dean as he felt his orgasm approaching fast.
Huge thanks to Kamicon, who was the wonderful and amazing artist for this fic! Unfortunately, I have no idea how to insert pics into fics at this time... So... Here's the link to their art masterpost (which, again, I have no idea how to do that thing where you put the link in the words and they become underlined (idk how else to describe it) so... Here's the long version of the link): http://kamicom.tumblr.com/post/184163142747/art-for-adestielables-entry-for
Cinnamon, ginger, and the cloves used to season the beef were the first things he tasted and it made him sigh through his nose. As delicious as it smelled, it tasted ten times as good.
“Awe, how sweet,” Amara teased. “Big, bad, Deanie has found the omega of his dreams.”
Cas nodded his head, but stared blankly up at the sky. He couldn’t help but have mixed emotions when he thought of seeing Dean again. And the most pressing thought on his mind was that he wasn’t sure if he even wanted to see Dean again.
Cas whined quietly as he did as he was told, watching Dean's hand intently. “Dean, please... Please don't tease me.”
Cas sighed and buried his face into Dean’s neck, again, breathing in his wonderful scent. “I know.”
“I understand,” Gilda said, linking her arm back through Castiel’s. She pulled them closer together and held him firmly. “Sam is quite tall, and that can be intimidating.”
powerless compared to
Dean smiled at him in the dark. “Really?”
Cas ran his hands through Dean’s hair, relishing in the feeling of Dean’s lips against his skin. “I can feel it starting to heal itself already, but Gabe has offered to help me control it better so I can keep your hickeys for as long as I want.”
slick because it turns you on so much,” Dean asked, pushing back up to his knees. He motioned for Castiel to follow and said, “Sit up so I can take your clothes off.”
Cas felt like he’d been punched. Like the wind had been knocked out of him. He’d never seen Gabe so mad. And to know that Gabe was mad at
your already nonexistent chance with him has now been completely obliterated!”
“As long as I’m with you,” Castiel said, smiling, “I’d do anything.”
“I just don’t get why Jo is so pissed at me for eating her apple pie.”
Dean smiled back at him, raising his eyebrows. “Ah,” he said, writing it down and laughing. “That’s good.”
“Gods,” Cas whimpered, “Oh gods, Dean.”
“Venison and pork there on the left, beef and chevon on the right,” Charlie said, “I highly suggest the chevon.”
“What name?”
“Well, I mean,” Dean shrugged. “That could work, yes, but I was thinking something more along the lines of a word you wouldn’t say during sex.”
married
“Big,” he whispered.
Castiel was getting restless. He and Dean had begun courting two years ago, and they’d done no more than steal a few heated kisses. It was frustrating, because every time Dean pulled away, Castiel was left feeling empty. He wanted more. Castiel wasn’t entirely certain what more actually was, but he wanted it.
"Good," Dean almost growled; a hint of possessiveness in his voice. "You feel how hard you get me?"
“Okay,” he said, watching Cas closely.
“Shut up,” Dean said, huffing out a laugh. “Fuck; I’m gonna be sore for a week.”
Dean was smiling when he saw them and immediately picked Cas up and spun him in his arms, kissing him deeply.
“Don’t pull any punches, Rach, be a fucking adult and admit when you’re just being as selfish as you’ve always been!”
Castiel felt his heart hurt for Dean and his brother. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, not even sure Dean heard it through the door.
“And you delivered. We’re having sex, but we don’t have to finish,” Dean said, “C’mon, let me draw you a bath and we’ll just have a nice, mellow evening with no extraneous activity.”
? Or are you only interested in the alphas who made me look like this?”
making his mate feel this way.
him—that would be admitting that he owed Dean a debt, but he didn’t know any other way to really say it. “You saved me from Alastair. That was traumatic, and you were there to help me.”
“Oh! Right! Yeah, uh, he’s set a date and he’s getting married,” Dean said. Castiel felt his face break out into a huge smile. It almost hurt, how wide he was smiling.
“There’s so many people,” Lisa said, a wonder-like quality to her words. “There’s never been this many people here on Thanksgiving.”
“Not like you,” Castiel snapped, surprising even himself with the venom in his words. “I’m ordinary.”
“Oh, quiet,” Dean sighed, leaning forward to kiss Cas’s forearm. “I love you, Cas.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Now, what am I good at out of bed?”
“You’re going to school?” Meg looked surprised. “Nice. I never thought you would go to school.”
“You need help getting them to the car?” He asked. Castiel shook his head and set Claire down. He told her to grab onto the other belt loop and thanked her when she did. Then, he turned back to Dean.
“What… What happened?” Cas asked, tears of both happiness that Dean was here, standing in front of him, and horror of what had happened to give Dean this horrible wound.
“They are breeders,” Alastair said, “it is all they are good for.”
“Yes!” Castiel snapped, and Dean shook his head.
Castiel huffed. “Don’t care. I want it.”
wanted to I wouldn’t be opposed.”
No one said anything for a moment, and Castiel was about to start throwing things, but Jo spoke up.
time. Got it?”
First of all, Dean had been with a lot of omega’s. Men and women alike, and Dean had seen many of them gush slick like Castiel had been doing—he’d seen male omega’s come untouched before, too;
Dean slid his hand to the back of Cas’s neck for support, “How you doin’? You okay?” he asked, stroking Cas’s thigh with his other hand. Cas’s arms unwrapped from around Dean’s shoulders and he sighed deeply. Dean’s brow furrowed in concern and he asked, “Was that too much?”
“C’mon guys,” Gabe groaned loudly. “Let’s try and be at least a little professional.”
“M-may-maybe,” Cas whimpered. Dean chuckled as he grabbed a pillow, that wasn’t being used and situated it under Cas’s hips
“Faster,” Castiel urged, grabbing onto Dean’s shoulders as Dean’s cock pushed up against that spot inside him that had him seeing stars. “Oh, my
“Gramercy, I think you will be impressed with it,” Dean said. He looked like he was about to offer his arm for Castiel, but then thought better of it. “Shall we?”
“Um, hey,” she said, “Where’s the fire?”
He felt strong arms come around to lift him up. Cas whimpered, “Dean?”
“I love you,” Dean repeated, kissing Cas’s neck again.
Amara laughed dryly. “You sounded like you were in pain,” she said, “or that you needed a good fuck.”
Dean smiled, “This is part of what I wanted to try with you.”
~  ~  ~
“Hey. Sunset is in an hour.”
“You’re not overstaying your welcome,” Dean said. Castiel’s hand twitched and he wanted nothing more than to reach up and touch Dean’s face. He wanted to run his hands through the alpha’s hair and press as close as he could to Dean. Castiel wanted to kiss Dean and be kissed by Dean. But he knew he shouldn’t.
alphas in this world already,” Dean said. “All that matters is Sam. And being with Amara…” Castiel heard shuffling from the other side of the door. “Look, Cas, I’ve had to kill to keep Sam safe. And I would do it again, but being with Amara is so much easier and better for the both of us.”
Castiel ran his hand through his hair and swallowed the lump in his throat. He let his head fall back against the door and he smiled in relief. “Really?”
“To be square, Cas,” Dean said, pushing his trousers down to his ankles and kicking them off. “You look so fucking hot right now.” His eyes stopped on Cas’s as he started stroking his manhood. Cas tried to maintain eye contact with Dean, but ended up losing and darting his eyes down to Dean’s hand.
being enough for me. You’re so far past being enough for me it blows my mind. I love you so much, and I hate that you think you’re not worthy of love.”
future?” Dean nodded, sliding his hand over Cas’s heart again. “So you didn’t lose hope.” Cas smiled, “You just misplaced it.”
“Okay,” Dean said, “Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Sam asked, coming up to stand next to him.
“Dude calm down, it doesn’t matter,” the second man said, “Whatever his name is, it’s amazing that his alpha lets him have a beastie and lets him fight in the arena with it.”
“Why? It’s not like we can have Arkangel have one, it’s cheating,” Gadreel said, “You remember? No weapons?”
“Good bye,” Michael said, leading the staff hands carrying his suitcases outside to his carriage.
“Gods, Cas,” Sam laughed, hugging back tightly. “I missed you too.”
“Drawing?” Dean asked, “That is the pastime you have liked the most?”
“Cas is only sixteen. He is too young to be mated,” Charlie said, “It is the law that any subjects younger than eighteen are not to be mated under any circumstances. Dean decreed it.”
“It may even be worthwhile to wait at least a day before we disembark,” Dean continued. “Make as many come to us as we can.”
Castiel pushed off his stool and moved closer to Dean. He reached up and pulled Dean’s hands away, peering up into his eyes. “I will,” he whispered, “I promise Dean, I will.”
“I don’t want clothes,” he said. Dean’s breath caught. His mind screamed
“You sneaky little—”
“I want you to touch me,” Castiel said, gasping as Dean’s scent spiked in the air. “Hold me.”
“I love you, too,” Cas responded, closing his eyes as Dean’s hands roamed over his body.
blame yourself for everything! When that ship attacked us,
“Alas, forgive me. You called me alpha and I lost control for a moment,” Dean said. Castiel turned back to Dean, a mischievous smile forming on his face, but Dean laughed and shook his. “It will not happen again.”
“Omega,” Dean groaned, yanking Castiel back as he thrust forward. Castiel gasped as he felt the swell at the base of Dean’s member. Slick poured out of him as the beginnings of Dean’s knot tugged at his rim with each thrust, and he felt another orgasm rip through him.
“Don’t talk like that,” Cas chided. “You know you’re not a bad person.” He sat up, trying to pull Dean back down with him, but Dean shook his head. Dean moved away and sat on the edge of the bed, hanging his head in his hands. “Dean—”
Castiel’s eyes fluttered.
“We were at war,” Sam said, furrowing his brows at Cas.
“Alfie?” Castiel asked, relief flooding through him, “He is coming?”
Charlie went on to say that Dean had made a decree that it was now punishable by a minimum of twenty five years in prison for physically assaulting, raping, or abusing an omega or child; regardless if the victim was the abusers mate or child. And he encouraged omegas to come forward if they had had something like that happen to them. They could either take their abuser to court to be tried in front of King Dean himself, or they could choose to be safely taken away from that alpha and placed in one of the safe omega and beta only villages where the alpha couldn’t find them. In the cases of the latter, the alpha abuser was to be put on a watch list and had to live in a controlled environment until they could prove they were not a threat to omegas anywhere.
“You’re his doctor,” Dean joked. “I thought you’d be happy he wasn’t doing any over-the-top activities.”
Dean took a moment to register what Cas was saying. A second later he was up and getting dressed with Cas by his side doing the same. “Shit!”
Dean grinned, looking at the boy on his bed. “Are you okay with that?”
“No, you don’t,” Cas said. “If you knew what I wanted you’d let go of me.”
“You were angry at me all day?”
“Where is Rachel right now?” he asked. Gadreel walked with him across the room to the door, watching him carefully just in case he lost his footing or became too dizzy.
Castiel paused, despite his stomach still rumbling softly.
“And we can do it
“No, it doesn’t, I just... I’ve never heard of an alpha defending an omega he didn’t know,” Castiel said. Dean scoffed and leaned forward in his chair.
“Your record is ninety-four in one night. Dean’s is one hundred and three.”
“Really?” Dean asked, smirking and meeting Cas’s thrusts with slow drags of his own. Cas cried out, struggling against Dean’s hold on his wrists. “Don’t move,” Dean growled into Cas’s ear, giving one last push against Cas’s before he got up. The bed dipped as Dean got off to grab the rope from the drawer.
“I promise, Cas,” Dean said. “I promise. I’m not leaving you again. I won’t.”
Dean shrugged. “No, I have to go,” he said, giving Abbadon a big, victorious smile. “Have at her ladies.” Dean turned and walked away from the scene, nodding to Sam and Benny on his way out of the town hall. Victor Henriksen—a man who’d been nothing but crucial to winning this entire war—was outside and waiting for him.
“Absolutely nothing,” Jo sighed. “He just doesn’t want you to get hurt.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, close to tears. Cas kissed his temple and rested his cheek against it.
“Don't talk Dean,” Cas whispered, kissing the man’s collar bones before dragging his lips across Dean’s skin slowly. “Let yourself feel everything I'm doing, okay?”
“Quick,” Cas agreed. Dean reached behind him and grabbed the soap. He got it wet and then started massaging his soapy hands over Cas’s body.
Lisa laughed, looking back at Ben with a smile. “I bet.”
Chapter Seven
“For now, we agree to disagree. But in the future, I’m going to get you to see you’re not what you think you are. You’re so much more.”
Dean shrugged him off. “No, it’s fine. I’m just glad you’re okay. Everything is okay now,” Dean said, smiling. Cas smiled back and grabbed Dean’s hand.
That I had no place in this family, that I was just a
“I’m sorry I got so upset,” Dean whispered, leaning down and resting his cheek against Cas’s collar bone. “I’m so sorry.”
“Fuck!” Castiel gasped, “Oh, god, fuck! I can’t stop—I can’t stop coming!”
Cas nodded and did as asked, handing the bottle back to Dean who opened it and dipped his finger in, letting it warm up on his hand before touching Cas’s entrance.
Castiel frowned up at Dean. “You don’t sound certain,” he said. Dean laughed softly and shook his head.
“Oh, uh, they just want to know if I’m alright with missing my classes tomorrow to help run sound and lights for a presentation in the auditorium,” he said.
hurry.”
“Okay,” Cas said. He smiled wider at Dean as they pecked and Dean left. Cas started to walk towards Benny, who caught his eye at the counter where the warming trays of leftover dinner were and smiled, but Gabe stopped him.
“That’s four years from now, Dean.” Cas took Dean’s hand in his, shaking his head. “I can’t wait that long.”
“Awesome,” Dean said, walking over quietly. He carefully took Jack from the girl, waking Jack up in the process. The pup’s face screwed up like he was about to start crying, but as soon Dean kissed his forehead and Jack inhaled, he calmed down and settled against Dean with a happy little smile on his face. Dean hummed as he got Jack into his carrier and as soon as he was done, his mate and the rest of his family walked out of his office.
“What is going on with you, Dean?” Charlie sighed, crossing her arms. “You paid no attention to that whole meeting.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean groaned, closing his eyes for just a moment to memorize the feel of Castiel’s tight heat around him, milking his knot for all it was worth. “God, you’re gonna make me come again, too.”
Cas sat up and situated himself in in front of Dean before he timidly traced his fingers down the scar along Dean’s spine. He felt the man jerk away from him, just slightly. “You don’t have to tell me, Dean,” Cas said, “You don’t have to tell me anything you’re not comfortable with.”
“Of course.” Ellen scooped some water into a cup and handed it to Jess to hand to him. Castiel took the cup and gulped the water down. Jess handed him another cup as soon as he was finished and Castiel thanked her as she took his empty cup.
“Fuck, Cas, I love you so goddamn much,” Dean groaned, and Castiel felt this thrill shoot through him.
“You like being tied up, don’t you,” Dean spoke in a deep voice. Cas’s legs jerked open wider. “You like being helpless to me.”
John Winchester, was greatly feared by many, but the omegas of his castle were his main target. He was said to have done horrible things to many of them. Unspeakable, gross, unlawful things. Which, to Castiel, made the fact that his mother didn’t even seem phased by him being betrothed to the crown prince even worse. She didn’t seem the least bit upset about it! She even seemed to be relieved at times that her only child was practically being forcibly taken from her as soon as the signs of his first heat started to be mated.
Castiel nodded and said, “He does have a point. Mom has a healthcare program that—”
Ava stared at him, setting her jaw and glaring as Cas with a dangerous and angry look in them. “Fine. Then I’ll start telling everyone about you two.”
Both Dean and Benny looked to who called them. Chuck was standing towards the stern, holding a spyglass with shaky hands. Dean and Benny joined him, pulling out their own spy glasses and looking through them in the direction Chuck had his pointing.
“Fuck,” Dean gasped. “I never thought I’d like seeing someone else's cum on my face...” He collected all the cum on his fingers, wiping it off on the bed before he dropped the mirror.
"Get them wet and I'll put them inside you," Dean said, smiling as Castiel sucked his fingers into his mouth ravenously. Like he was starving and Dean had just offered him a scrap of food. "That's right baby," Dean purred, biting his bottom lip as Castiel swirled his tongue around the digits in his mouth so enthusiastically saliva started to collect at the edges of his mouth in seconds.
Are you
“Okay. If you’re sure?” Castiel nodded in answer. Dean looked over his face and Castiel knew that Dean knew there was something he wasn’t saying, but Dean just nodded his head like he was trying to say he understood why Castiel couldn’t ask it now. Dean smiled softly, tenderly...lovingly, and said, “Goodnight, Cas. I’ll stay out here?”
What about Cas, though?
“You sure?” Dean asked, a sly smile on his face. Cas groaned in frustration and dug the heels of his feet into the back of Dean’s thighs. Dean huffed out a laugh, snapping his hips into Cas roughly, making the boy cry out for more. “Hard enough?” Cas moaned in response, snaking his arm down to gather on his fingers some of the precome that had leaked onto his stomach.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. Cas cupped his face and felt Dean lean into his hand.
Michael started to rifle through the clothes in the corner of his closet. The clothes that Cas kept there to hide the burlap that Dean had given him with his toys.
“Where’s Dean?” Cas asked again, starting to feel panicked. No one answered, and instead looked behind Cas. A second later his voice came out, deep and rich — just as Cas remembered, but better; because this wasn't a memory, this was real life.
pie. But I do
“Yes, you are,” Benny insisted. Dean shook his head again. “C’mon, it’s time for bed.”
When they weren’t preparing Castiel for Queenship, Dean would plan dates for them. One night, Dean had taken him to the theater to see a comedy. Another time, Dean surprised him with the news that he wanted design the royal garden this year with Castiel. That was how Castiel had found out about his love for gardening. And based on that fondness, Dean surprised him once again with a date of them and all their friends coming out to the garden to plant the flora. It had been a day full of huge smiles and lots of laughing.
Castiel hummed, and when Dean was finished sucking all the slick off his fingers he opened his eyes to look down at Castiel.
“We got to a room at the end of the hall and I was strapped to a table in there,” Dean said, his voice starting to break. “Alastair was smiling. It was a sickening look on him. Everything is. He’s a damned demon.” He had to stop and collect himself again. “Alastair sent his men away and just… looked at me. I thought he was going to kill me; I thought he was going to do anything than what he actually did…” Dean trailed off, digging his fingers farther into Cas’s muscles. There would be bruises there when Dean let go of him, but Cas didn’t care. He was too focused on letting Dean get his story out. “H-he cut my… My clothes off.” Dean was crying now. “A-and then h-he…" He trailed off. Cas didn't need Dean to finish, though. Cas knew what Dean meant.
Castiel huffed out a breath of air. “But I promised—”
Cas smiled and fisted his hands in Dean’s shirt, tugging the man with him as he backed up to the bed. “Okay,” he said, pulling Dean on top of him once the back of his shins hit the comforter. Dean smiled and settled between Cas’s legs, stopping to intertwine their fingers. He leaned down and kissed Cas, the painful memory of Alastair fading away with each touch of his lips against Cas’s. He didn’t know how, but Cas had healing touches; and he was sure it
Panicking, eyes still on the bearded man now leaning against the wall of the bar, Dean goes to turn around, heading back into pedestrian traffic when the man’s eyes shift, locking into Dean’s like he knew he has been looking at him this whole time. Dean feels his body freeze. Even as people bump into him, causing him to stumble, he can’t seem to break his gaze away from the one man he’s been avoiding since things ended between them years ago.
Somehow the playful fighting leads into a lazy make out session, which ends up with Dean’s warm mouth wrapped around his cock. After they both are sated, even more sweaty than the last time, just laying in each other’s arms talking about all the little things they missed being apart it really hits Castiel.
“Mmm, maybe in strength, yes. Dean never had much for brains, that one.” Crowley shrugs. “Regardless, overpowering should be simple enough. This is where you’ll need Moose and I.”
, just something to let me know you’re alive. A bit of common courtesy is all I was really asking, but, you know, apparently I don’t even mean enough to you to get that.”
“No!” Sam practically yells. “Hell no! God Dean, I could barely stomach what happened to you. Do you really think that I would —”
Slowly, a smirk passes over Crowley’s face. “I’m impressed Cas. This might actually be dumb enough to work.”
Unable to keep his eyes open any longer, he succumbs to passing out. Right before he loses all sense of consciousness, he thinks he hears Charlie say Dean’s name with some sort of promise behind it. But with his dreams lately, and the hope that they hold, Castiel decides not to trust anyone’s promise ever again.
Dean shrugs his shoulder, itching the back of his neck nervously. His eyes bounce back and forth between the window and the table. “I, uh, I just needed to ask you a question. No big deal.”
Giving a quick glance to the wings now raised behind the angel, Dean nods before hesitantly lowering his knife a fraction. Castiel lets out a broken sound that sounds more like a sob than anything else as he steps backwards.
His eyes instantly blur with tears but Castiel blinks them back, choking out a watery laugh. “Are you saying – are we – ”
Bobby narrows his eyes, leaning forward over his desk. Castiel swallows thickly as the old man’s eyes bore into him. He can’t help but feel like he’s being judged.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. Saying something as generic as “sorry” seems almost like it would be a slap in the face. Instead, he brings the bottle up to his lips and takes a long drink.
The warmth of the alpha disappears so suddenly Dean can only lie there, blinking up at the ceiling before realizing what happened. He pushes up on his elbows to see Castiel already shirtless, unbuttoning his pants as he toes off his shoes.
He reaches out to grab his arm, but Dean jerks his arm away, taking a step back. “Whoa buddy, I ain’t going with you anywhere.”
the enemy. Even though by looks alone it seems to add up that way, the thought still makes Dean’s blood start to race. As if Cas can sense what he’s thinking, his eyes narrow before flicking down to the blade in his hand.
Dean cries out, letting go of Castiel’s hair, hands reaching up to the headboard and gripping it tightly. His chest heaves as he tries to remember that he really should be focusing on breathing as his eyes slowly look down to see two bright, alpha red eyes staring up at him through long, dark eyelashes. The honey scent spikes as their eyes meet, and Dean cannot help but wonder again what the alphas cock tastes like. The alpha doesn’t stop thrusting his fingers into Dean, but pulls his mouth back from his hole with one last lick. His mouth and chin glistens and drips with slick. It looks so damn pornographic seeing his own slick covering the alpha – claiming the alpha – that Dean is leaning halfway to Castiel before he realizes it. Something deep inside him needs to feel Castiel’s lips on him so desperately he doesn’t care what that might mean. He doesn’t care about anything except this burning need to feel the alpha touching him in any way possible. Castiel gives one last thrust of his fingers before pulling out, making Dean pause inches from the alphas lips and whines, suddenly feeling so empty it physically hurts. Did he do something wrong?
“Just take it!” Sam snaps, waving the phone at him. “Just fucking take it and talk to her!”
He misses not having to rest. He misses the short time at the beginning when sleep was just a gentle blackness with nothing. Now, that kind of peace is rare. Whenever sleep does claim him (and Dean isn’t the cause of his awakening), Castiel finds himself jolting awake, all dreams, thoughts and memories drug back to
“I’m going to enjoy watching the light fade out of your eyes, angel.” Dean spits, thrashing and pulling against his arms. “You can take this fucking grace with you!”
When the man speaks again, Dean’s so caught up in his head he jumps back a little. Did his voice get deeper? The man raises his hands in a calming gesture but doesn’t move from where he stands. “Listen, I’m not here for any trouble. I just need to get my tire fixed so I can…”
“You’re doing so good, Dean. You’re so strong. Do you want to stop?” His mate asks in a soft voice.
He sighs and picks up the lamp from the bedside table, pulling the outlet from the wall. “I’m aware.”
Dean chuckles. “Well I guess you’ll just have to suffer until you can come back ho—here.”
“But he’s an omega and – ”
Every little push deeper into him he feels. Castiel swears time must have slowed down, because there is no possible way this has only been a few seconds. His whole body feels ignited in such burning agony, yet the coolness of his grace refuses to wash it away.
Dean places his menu down, glaring back at his brother. “Nothing’s changed in the last forty-five minutes! He hasn’t said shit to me about anything, and I’m not going to start railing him with questions when he just fucking exhausted! The guy can barely make it across the damn room without looking like he’s about ready to fall over. Obliviously I don’t have some magical cure up my sleeve to make anything better, so unless you’ve been holding out and that’s why you’re on my ass, then I suggest you talk it over with him!”
“I…It’s complicated.” Castiel runs a hand through his hair, fingers getting caught on length. He tugs on the back of it slightly, realizing it is far too long for his liking. His vessel had always had shorter hair, not anywhere near this length. It feels wrong. As if he is defiling his memory.
Dean raises an eyebrow before turning towards the door. Sam’s pissed off face is glaring back at him, somehow managing to give him the biggest bitchface he’s seen in a long time. Dean groans, reaching for the handle, pushing the door open and getting out.
“I would love nothing more than to fall asleep with you in my arms again,” he says with a low, possessive growl in his voice. “Are you sure we it wont be too late?”
“Oh, well good,” Dean chokes out, tears stinging the edges of his vision. What the fuck is wrong with him? He’s never hated his stupid, hormonal body more than this moment right now. “I, uh, wanted to say thanks for your shirt. Sam has it, or the hospital, I guess. I forgot it, but I’m sure he’ll get it back to you or –”
Yanking his arm out of Dean’s hand, Sam shoves him off, glaring down at him. “Have you fricken lost it? Have you seen what he did to you?!”
Unsure of exactly where he is, he blinks a few times trying to let his eyes adjust. It’s quiet and it’s dark. Castiel is fairly certain the last time he was conscious the sun was out. Other than that, his mind is foggy on exactly where he is. Huffing in irritation he can’t help but think how happy it’ll make Sam that he finally got some sleep. At least he wont have to listen to the man go on about how sleep can help speed the healing process up. As if he, an Angel of the Lord, is unaware to how the human body works.
“We need to get ahold of Crowley. He will probably have the most luck getting the type of needle we need,” Castiel says, eyes glancing down to the two remaining doses.
His eyes go wide remembering everything he yelled at Castiel. Was everything he said just because he was afraid of liking the same sex? Or is him being omega and Cas being alpha the real issue?  Would Castiel still have left even if Dean wanted him to stay?
“I don’t remember shit,” he says not taking his eyes off the angel, widening his stance. “I just woke up and I…”
“I still feel…” A whine threatens to escape from his throat, but he pushes it down. Sam needs to know. He needs to know to help people. He needs to know to let others know. Whatever stupid issues his body is having trying to get this out need to go get bent.
It’s messed up how right Sammy is. Back then it was just normal to see “School Shooting! Twenty Dead!” In the morning headlines of the newspaper and just barely pay it a second glance. How many times a night did you hear sirens wailing as ambulances or police rushed off to try and stop or save whoever it was that needed them. You never really thought twice about the bad. Somewhere in the process of growing up everything from murder to suicides to rape became such a status norm that everyone just became oddly numb to the seriousness of it all.
“Buckle up because we have a whole bunch more of these to go.” Sam says placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
Crowley follows and stands by him as they watch Sam try to coax Dean out his nightmare. “Is it the only way?” Castiel asks. “Using my grace as a weapon against Abaddon?”
“I…” He wants to scream yes. It’s an automatic reflex, almost. But he knows it would be a lie. He knows what happened between him and Castiel, even from the beginning, was consensual, no matter how much he hates to admit it. “No. No it wasn’t like that.”
“You’re doing your job! I don’t understand why you’d get canned over trying to help others like you helped me.”
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday, sometime around midnight. Dean knows this because they’d just gotten off the phone some time well after eleven because they both had to be up for work the next day. It was already so late past the time they agreed on to go to bed. But it was hard when Castiel had to work out of town. Even if it was only for a few days at a time – a week, max – it was always hard to get to sleep with the bed feeling so empty and cold.
The weight of the blanket feels surprisingly good, despite it smelling like moth balls and years of neglect. Castiel takes a moment to focus on the grace inside Dean. Even with just being a room away, he has to strain to feel it. It’s weak, barely a flicker, but not stifled like before. This time it’s more permanent. So many question flood his mind that he cannot find any answers to. Will the bond breaking between them kill Dean? Is the demon also destroying Dean’s soul by ridding itself of his grace? Is his grace the only holding thing holding the demon inside him at bay from taking completely over? If his grace is the only reason Dean’s body is technically alive to begin with, can it survive without him?
Dean lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding as he follows inside. The warmth of his mate walking behind him lets him relax a little, though not enough since he still jumps when the neutralizers spray them as they enter the hospital. Castiel chuckles behind him, quickly trying to cover it up with a cough. Dean shoots him an unheated glare before rolling his eyes.
“Well I ain’t sayin’ I’m the one who caused it! You pulled into my fuckin’ garage –”
“I’m telling you I wouldn’t let that happen, Cas! I love you too damn much to ruin what we have!”
Dean doesn’t realize he’s moved until he’s blinking, trying to clear his unfocused vision and suddenly Castiel is
“I…can’t,” he says taking an automatic step back.
The pain in his chest doesn’t really fade exactly, but a warmth from just hearing his mate ramble makes him feel better. “Sam is here and we were talking and I got worked up.” Quickly pulling the phone away from his face to check the time Dean doesn’t see a point in Castiel taking off early. It’s a little bit after ten, and in just a few more hours Cas will be back. “I’ll be fine until you get off.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. “Tell me something I don’t know.”
“That doesn’t answer my question to why you were touching him,” Castiel says stepping closer to him and wrapping and arm around his waist. Dean stills for a moment, half expecting the feeling of
Raising his voice to be heard, Castiel asks, “Need him for what?” He looks between everyone, everyone but Crowley still unable to meet his eyes. “What is going on. Dean?”
“With all due respect, you did say you wanted him looked at.” The blond replies. “We have to respect the alpha’s wishes in situations like these. You know – being a law enforcement officer and all – how the law works. All alpha on omega violence has to be documented and reported. Victims need to be examined for records.”
“H-o-l-y shit,” she drags out. “You’re in love with him.”
Dean’s warm, calloused hands are suddenly there, sliding up his neck. Those rough familiar fingers scrape against Castiel’s scalp, caressing him in a way that brings a moan out of his lips like a prayer. It’s everything he’s been yearning for; so much so, it’s staggering to think that less than a few hours ago he’d thought Dean was lost forever.
Thank you, loves, for waiting so patiently! I apologize for the delay on getting this out! I had a death of a dear, dear friend of seventeen years happen right around Thanksgiving, She was a muse to me, and one of the only people to ever really believe my writing/myself was actually worth something. I kind of am just starting to function properly again. So, again, I apologize for the delay. The story is kind of taking it's own shape, now, and the plot thickens. I hope you love what it's becoming as much I am loving writing it.
“Did Dean ever ask to be let go?”
need to show him that –”
“Dean?”
he grabbed it. Benny knew exactly where to grab to make me…comply, I guess. It was like every part of me was screaming to just give in and do whatever he wanted.” He shrugs his shoulders glancing up at Sam before lowering his eyes back to the shirt. “He compared grabbing me to picking up a dog by the scruff. Saying he had the control. And I mean honestly, he wasn’t wrong. He kind of did.”
Dead shakes his head, refusing to open his eyes afraid that if he does all the memories will fade away again. No, he needs to do this. He can’t stop now.
“No!” Dean screams, moving his hand from Cas’ shoulder to cupping his face. He swipes his thumb over his cheek, smearing a trail of blood across it. “I didn’t mean to! I-I-I didn’t even know – You gotta stay with me, okay? Can you heal? I can pray to – ”
They never talked about it. Dean wonders sometimes if Castiel can even begin to understand the importance in finding and having a soulmate. After all these years of disappearing without any warning or elaboration for how long he’ll be gone, or where he is, Dean figures he doesn’t know. Or maybe he just doesn’t care. But Dean tries to hang onto the former, choosing to push down the pain from his body needing and pining for his other half.
Given the current situation he’s in, Dean holds onto that voice.
Castiel snorts and mumbles out a mocking, “risk my life.”
Without further ado, the next chapter.
Dean wraps his arms around himself, the weight of it all pushing down on him. Empty. He feels so worthless and empty. Of course that’s what it all is. How could anyone actually want anything more from him than sex? And omega heat sex, at that. That speech his alpha – no,
“True mate? I mean, hypothetically, sure. Everyone has to have someone who they’re more compatible with than others. Personally, I don’t think it’s possible to just have one person and only one person that’s just for you. Statistically there has to be a handful of them.”
Dean opens the door his eyes immediately finding a pair of wide-eyed blue ones staring back at him from the bed furthest from the door. Closing the door slowly he slips off his jacket and tosses it onto the nearest chair. Dean stumbles over to the couch and lets his body fall into the stiff, dusty cushions. The weight of Cas’ eyes are unmistakable, but instead of acknowledging them, he shifts uneasily trying to hope it looks like he’s adjusting to the couch.
The pine of Castiel’s scent spikes just enough that Dean catches it right before it neutrals out. Huffing out an irritated breath he turns over to face his mate. “You really gotta teach me that trick you do to make your scent basically disappear. You have any idea how annoying it is to try and figure out how your feeling and come up with zilch?”
“It’s not her fault,” Dean says quietly. “Remember when I was going to leave her? It was about a year ago.”
“I won’t let you lose yourself killing anyone and everyone you come across.” Castiel whispers. “The pleasure you feel from the kill isn’t real. This isn’t you.”
“Cas, it isn’t like that!” Charlie pleads, touching his arm lightly. He yanks his arm back rising back up. “You know me better than that! Even though I knew Dean first, do you really think I’d be okay with him cheating on you? Seriously? If that was really what was going on, do you think I’d be telling you to talk to him?”
The ringing in his ears is slowly replaced with Castiel fumbling out apologies. Dean just lays there, glaring at him, unable to move away.
“We need to leave here. Now,” Crowley says sharply, grabbing Dean’s arm.
The shots keep coming and slowly but surely he forgets enough of the day and remembers how to laugh again. The night starts to get a little hazy somewhere towards what has to be closing time, but he trusts his friends enough to get him home.
“Dean?”
But he’s just so damn tired.
Tears prickle at the corners of his eyes as he shifts his eyes back to Benny. He’s still talking, though Dean has no idea what about. His head has only been able to manage either conversations or thinking since Cas died, but never both anymore.
“Tell me Feathers, how did plan D go?” Crowley asks.
“Whatever you say, angel.” He says, barking out a laugh. “You can’t even be around me without looking like you might break, or tear me apart. Reaction depending on whatever is going on in that head of yours. Seriously ask yourself why I stay away, again. The way you look me, I – ” Dean turns his face away, running a hand through his hair. Castiel chews on his lower lip, debating saying anything. They just seem to be talking themselves into a circle. “I know you can’t stand looking at me and remember… remember what happened, okay? I get it. It’s just better for both of us if I disappear.” The way Dean’s voice breaks on those last words makes Castiel feels like his chest ache more painfully than it ever has.
Slamming the car door shut, both Dean and Cas step back as she pulls away, whipping out of the parking lot, cutting into traffic. The sound of annoyed drivers laying on the horns is almost drowned out by the hum of the parking lot light above them. It occurs to Dean that this is the first time he’s been alone with Cas since he tried fighting for them that last morning.
Then he remembers Cas, and the broken look on his face after he told him he loved him.
“I-I- I’m sorry,” she gets out, clumsily setting their plates down on the before backing away. “I’m sorry! Here, I’ll leave you alone.”
He hears Castiel growl, or at least it sounds like a fricken growl, and lowers the cup slowly, cocking an eyebrow at his friend who looks absolutely murderous.
“We need to start thinking about some sort of plan on how we’re going to handle this. I can’t have you three sheets to the wind doing that.” Sam’s voice lowers as his eyes soften, which only makes Dean’s hands start shaking with anger. “Cas looks like shit and he probably feels worse. We have to help him.
Dean drops his hand as he hears the door shut behind them and then heavy footsteps followed by Bobby’s leather chair groaning as he sits down. Opening his eyes, Dean stares across the desk at him, waiting for someone to break the silence. He has so many questions, but isn’t exactly sure he wants to hear the answer.
Raising his eyebrow again Bobby gives him a look to continue.
“I just checked you, like, three weeks ago after your last heat. You’re saying this guys scent triggered another heat?”
“Y-yeah,” Castiel said, his voice small and he had to use an inordinate amount of willpower to not stare at the man, because he was quite literally the most beautiful being Castiel had ever seen. And seeing him upright and smiling was… Divine was almost it, but it was also something more. The man’s eyes… They were so beautiful.
Castiel’s eyes snapped up to meet Dean’s and something in the air around them changed as Dean swayed forward towards him. And then it was like something inside Castiel cracked. Something Castiel had been keeping tightly sealed and locked up since he could remember cracked open, and the floodgates ripped off the hinges as he unloaded. He couldn’t stop, he couldn’t stop himself from telling Dean everything.
“I’m back,” he said, making to sit down in his spot. But Dean shot up out of his seat and stood right in front of Cas, leaning down to his ear and talking in a low voice so only he could hear.
“Where do you keep your bag, Castiel?” he asked. “We need to leave right away.”
Castiel sat up, frowning in confusion at the same time he glared at Dean for stopping.
“Cas, you have—”
“I said it’s fine,” Castiel said. He couldn’t look at Rachel, but he hoped she knew that in that moment it was just that: fine. Later was a different story, but right now, it was fine. “I’m going to see Arkangel.” Castiel left before either Gadreel or Rachel could protest. He walked the halls as fast as he could in his state, not really taking in anything but the sound of his own heart beat.
“Cas, look, before we get any further into things, I need to warn you,” Dean began, “I really don’t want to make you unhappy, but speaking of Amara…”
Abbadon shook her head and struggled for all she was worth. “No! You can’t let
Cas shook his head, “Shut up,” he whispered. “And kiss me.” Dean’s lips were on his in a second and his tongue licking into his mouth.
“I missed you, and I didn’t have any contact numbers or addresses for you,” Rachel continued. “So, I moved to where I thought you were in hopes I’d run into you.”
Anon: “I will see you later”
Castiel’s blush bloomed into a deep,
“We have a ship available for us,” Dean said. “Victor is gathering people to help sail it.”
for you, just
“You should not be down here,” Castiel repeated. He felt exposed, like he was stranded in the middle of the ocean.
“I can’t,” Dean announced, giving Cas’s hands a squeeze.
Dean chuckled as he waited for Cas to recover. “Tell me when you want to go on.”
Either way, it had been pirate raiders who grabbed him. He’d just finished celebrating his nineteenth birthday—the first birthday he’d celebrated since he was a tween—with Rachel and Gadreel at this bar they liked. He hadn’t even drank anything, even though he was old enough to finally. He’d had alcohol before, and it didn’t sit well with him, so he only went to that bar because Rachel and Gadreel wanted to celebrate him now being able to drink legally. Castiel had had fun, and he blamed himself for having too much fun that he didn’t see the triad of alpha raiders watching him the whole night.
Castiel just smiled as he rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. He looked out at his family, his heart swelling because for the first time in his life he wasn’t just
“But...” Alfie faltered, “How? That is impossible.”
“Lisa Braeden.”
“Sh,” Cas hissed, pushing Dean back into his seat. “I’m not a child.” He took Dean into his mouth again, bobbing his head and pumping the hand he had around Dean’s shaft while gripping Dean’s thigh with the other; hard enough to bruise someone who wasn’t as strong as Dean.
“So, so good,” Cas mewled. “You’re so big…” Cas trailed off, panting hard. Dean took pity on him and snapped his hips into Cas, angling them while he was at it to make the angel beneath him squirm.
“You’re not a monster,” Cas said forcefully. Dean inhaled again, ignoring Cas’s words.
Cas fell asleep listening to Dean and with a smile on his face. Dean’s voice was beautiful. He couldn’t hit all the notes he wanted it, but it didn’t matter. Not to Cas. To Cas, that made Dean’s voice even better. It made Dean as a person even better.
Jo winked and clicked her tongue, “You betcha,” she said, standing up again and laughing. “Well, have fun tonight.” She went and sat down next to Kevin and Sam. Dean stared after her, his mouth hanging open.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, pushing his hips back to meet the man’s hand. “Please!”
“Omega Samandriel Aingell, please step aside and send Omega Castiel Novak to us. His Majesty has requested his presence.”
“Jo said she wanted to do this as soon as possible because there was something that she wanted to discuss with all of us afterwards,” he said. Rachel sighed and slumped back in her chair.
“Why would you want that?”
“Really, father?” She asked him, not even bothering to be quiet about it. “Another one?”
“Okay, yeah,” Dean said, “Let me just get a condom.”
I swear it’s like you guys make it a competition of who can be the loudest. And you do it
Some fluff (hopefully) between Dean and Cas at the end, however!
“Right,” Dean replied. “But, between you and me…” He leaned forward like he was about to share some deep secret with Cas. “I do like being us more than I like being just me. I know who I am outside of us; I just prefer the me I am when I’m with you.” Cas smiled shyly at him, nodding his agreement.
“Really?” Cas asked, beaming at Dean with a big, blinding grin on his face. Dean loved that smile.
my wedding,
“You just came from nothing but having your nipples played with!” Dean breathed out again. He looked between Cas’s eyes wildly; searching for something. “Did you know you could do that?”
“Cas… I—”
Castiel checked his bag all over again and still couldn’t find it. “No!”
Castiel sobbed and traced his fingers over Dean’s cheekbone. “No, alpha, please,” he said, sending a prayer up to whoever or whatever was listening to not let this be. “Please, Dean, please. I love you, please!”
“What if you’re not? What if one day Michael takes it too far and what if-”
NOTE: This chapter isn't edited, so, excuse any mistakes or any awkward places in this chapter, please. :)
“Good to know, thanks,” Dean said, looking at Castiel with a confused expression.
“Okay. It’s not true,” he said.
“Y-yeah,” Castiel said.
“Sam!” Cas yelled, running to hug the younger Winchester. “Oh god I missed you! I missed all of you so much!”
“Dude, what the fuck? Why are you sopping wet?” Dean moves over to his boyfriend and started getting him out of his clothes, dropping them to the floor to take care of later. “You’re gonna get sick of you don’t—”
“Uh… You’re not.” Dean ducked his head to try and catch Cas’s eyes. “Have I done something wrong?”
A million thoughts ran through Castiel’s head. He didn’t know how to sort through them all and he was too drained to even try.
“He sounds like a well-rounded adult,” Castiel said, and the way Dean laughed and looked down into his eyes made breathing hard.
“Um, it’s uh, the s-seventh,” Castiel said, still in shock to see his sister standing here in front of him.
” Cas gasped. Dean let go of Cas’s hands and undid Cas’s slacks, pulling them off in a swift motion along with his drawers. Cas bent his knees and opened his thighs eagerly. Dean oiled two of his fingers, reaching between their bodies to circle his finger around Cas’s rim and in turn making Cas squirm. He pushed his digits in and crooked them in just the right way that made Cas’s hands shoot up to beside his head, gripping the edge of the table.
, so all they really wanted was me on my knees,” Dean said, “Only until I hit my growth spurt and got taller and bigger than all of them. Then they stopped paying attention to me.”
“Do you mind me asking what happened?” Dean asked. Castiel gripped the strap of his book bag again and held onto it tightly.
Castiel didn’t want that, so, he made a decision.
“Go to sleep, omega,” He said, “I understand what more is for us.”
“Aye,” she responded. “May we come aboard now?”
“I-I-I — I don’t know,” Dean stuttered out.
“The end,” Meg said sharply, “I was the last person left alive.”
“He’s an omega.”
“Hard,” Cas said, forcing himself not to blush. “Fast. I want to be able to feel it for days after.”
“What?” Dean rasped.
“What do you want?” Dean asked. Cas pursed his lips and squinted as he thought. His face was contorted into a look that was entirely too adorable and wholly Cas.
alphas” he said, dropping himself and Castiel onto his freshly made bed. “It’s literally half the average size for an alpha. How—”
was a part of your life.”
“Yes,” Dean breathed out. “All pirate crews are meager compared to mine. How great is yours compared to, let's say, the Hellhound Pirates?” He looked back at her. Abbadon laughed throatily before smiling dangerously and reaching behind her.
Cas ran as fast as he could; considering.
“C’mon,
“Yes, your Majesty,” Castiel said, shifting awkwardly.
“Dean!” Sam tried again.
“Who knows,” Dean grunted, angling his hips. Cas arched his back and screamed out Dean’s name.
?” Meg asked. Castiel reeled back like he’d been hurt again and shook his head again.
imagine a future without you. I won’t; because you’re it Cas. You’re my future,” Dean whispered. Cas dug his face into Dean’s chest and sighed, willing himself not to cry. He didn’t have a reason and he’d feel silly for getting so worked up in the morning.
Jo wasn’t sure what to think of it, but she’d come not to care about it much anymore.
Dean sighed, “Okay, but stay behind me. I don’t know what’s happened.” Cas nodded, taking Dean’s hand in his own and following him to the main deck. The closer they got, the easier it was to hear the devastated sobs of a woman.
Cas snuggled up next to the larger man. “No, I—” he stopped to yawn. “I liked it. But my wrists are rather sore.”
Cas shook his head, “What are you talking about? We just enjoy each other’s company.”
Jo laughed, “Cas in love with you?
“Let us talk in private,” Dean said, and then Castiel heard footsteps. He peeked out of his hiding spot and saw Dean and Bobby duck into a room across from stepped out of his spot, and then moved down closer to the room, pressing himself to the stone wall. He smiled internally at his luck because he could finally find out what Dean’s true intentions were.
“Oh, my God,” Rachel said under her breath, sighing in exasperation. “Can we not fight about this? We all have our own feelings about dad, and no one is going to be changing how they feel about him today.”
Castiel took a seat as well, shifting every few seconds and wringing his hands together.
“But Ben won’t have a
“Use your words, angel,” Dean said, using his captain voice.
... et cetera.”
Just for a second, Dean’s lips weren’t on his skin as he spoke. “C’mon,” he husked. “You can come.”
True to his word, Dean picked him up at four and drove them out to the lake. After setting everything up, Castiel sat Dean down and began.
“I didn’t know Cas lived there,” Cole said, “I knew you definitely did because you had your stupid broadswoards above the fireplace but—”
come; no matter how long it takes them to get there—I love giving head and I will make my partner come as many times as they want, even if it takes hours. I’m a firm believer that everyone deserves euphoric, pleasurable, consensual sexy times filled with loud moans and awesome orgasms,” Dean said, spreading his hands out and bobbing his head to get his point across. Castiel’s face broke out into a smile that he tried to hide behind his mug. “I can give that to any omega, beta, or alpha who wants it.
, let’s go,” he said. “I’ll go talk to them.”
Benny’s words about the scar on Dean’s back — the one on his spine — made Cas itch. “Dean…” He hesitated. “How did you get that scar on your back?”
Castiel snarled and brought the gun up to Amara’s head. “Shut up,” he said, and pulled the trigger again. The hand Amara had been holding to her stomach dropped away and her face went blank not even a second after the
together.”
Castiel led the way back towards Dean’s house and to the store as they made small chit chat. Dean asked about class, and Castiel found that he had way too much to say about bees and how they were studying them in his entomology class. He talked about how he learned that bees loved the color blue and love cluster plants like lavender and rosemary, and that over two-thousand different species of bees live on every continent except Antarctica, and that the bee is the only insect to be partially domesticated by humans.
“Is everything alright?” he asked, “Are you hurt?”
“Yes, I am!” Gabe insisted, not opening his eyes. “I absolutely am.”
—mate was so great and kind and generous.
do it again. Or I’ll do something worse than locking you in your room for a week.
“What?” Cas gaped.
“Why?” She asked, leaning up against the door frame.
“I was not talking to you,” Dean said. He slowly took his eyes off Alastair and looked back to Castiel.
“What’s troubling you so much, Dean?” Benny asked, taking the papers from Dean. “Is this about Ava?”
“I’m a stud,” Dean said, putting on the face he’d once told Cas was his Blue Steel.
“I wanna know how they engineered that thing,” Rachel said.
“Did you have to do that in here?” Gilda barged in, glaring at them. Cas blushed and pushed his face into Dean’s neck.
“It’s different with my family.”
, Cas,” Dean whispered back. Cas’s hands came to run through his hair and scratch lightly down his back while Dean splayed his hands over Cas’s chest and stomach.
“You…” Castiel didn’t want to say Dean
As soon as the royalty was gone, Michael snapped back up and glared at Cas, speaking with a clenched jaw, “Let’s go.”
to try and help Castiel figure out how to deal with the big emotions—angered him. What did Zachariah actually think? That a
“There’s a geyser or something way down at the bottom, it keeps the water warm year-round,” Dean told him, smiling when Cas finally made it waist deep.
“You haven’t even read anything of mine,” Castiel said, and Dean shrugged.
“Like, completely stopped masturbating?” Dean asked.
“Just for special occasions,” Cas agreed, ending his sentence with a big, content sigh.
Cas, with his raven hair that seemed to always be styled in a manner of bed head. Those bluer than blue eyes that Dean was certain held entire galaxies in them. His lips that were the absolute best shade of pink and were plump and perfect. His shoulders and waist and hips—oh, those
Alfie cuddled with him in his nest, whispering to Castiel that he was okay, that he wasn’t at fault for anything that happened in that cellar. He rubbed Castiel’s back and kissed his forehead whenever Castiel started to whimper again.
Castiel moaned softly as Dean moved him, and Dean drank it up.
“Novak,” Crowley’s voice sounded abnormally loud in Cas’s ears. “We will have to think about your son’s proposal.”
“I missed you, too,” Cas said, putting his hand on the side of Dean’s face. He looked into the taller man’s eyes and smiled. Dean smiled back and gazed into Cas’s eyes with love. If Cas didn’t know Dean as well as he did, he wouldn’t have been able to see the glimmer of worry flashing through his eyes, though.
“Cas?”
Cas sighed happily, “Never...”
“Before your father was king. It was just a simple quick trip to the market, and—” Alfie stopped abruptly, looking up at something with wide eyes. Castiel looked up to where he was looking and found he was just as shocked as Alfie.
“The kingdom is flourishing more than it ever has under the rule of a Winchester. My people are fed and there is no shortages of sustenance or water or materials of any kind. Health and quantity of livestock has increased. Our alliances are stronger than ever, and our enemies fear us. Safe and secure lodgings for omegas and children have been built all over the Winchester lands. The reports of maltreatment of omegas and children has gone down to the lowest it has ever been, and the relocation to safe havens for abused and mistreated omegas and children is working and is keeping each haven’s residents safe. Not only that, but the reports of the mistreatment of omegas and children drops with each passing full moon. What do you call that?” Dean had a challenge in his voice, “I call that keeping my promise to my people.”
“Well, now you’re a liability to me! Now you’re
“Forget it,” he said, and before Rachel could get up, he left, grabbing his things from the library, and then heading out. He knew he should go to the hospital because he’d never really been able to take a hit, but the adrenaline and anger coursing through him was keeping him on his feet. It was just like Jo to take her anger out on him after something like that, but for Rachel to take her side? Castiel guessed he shouldn’t be surprised. He was just…
The guys invite him out again, but Dean declines, saying he’s feeling under the weather.
Dean laughs and brings his hand out of Castiel’s pants enough to use Castiel’s thrashing to help move them down. The cool air against his skin startles him enough that he freezes, panting, glaring up at him. “You know you’re worse than a human, right? Most of ‘em just give up at this point. You just don’t know when you’re beat, do ya?”
Somewhere during Charlie being there and well on his way to getting completely shit faced, he trips over something on the floor and can’t find it in him to move. Charlie’s gentle fingers run through his disgustingly greasy hair as he sobs, telling her over and over again how sorry he is, how he would never do anything to hurt Castiel, how he can’t remember anything. At some point she’s manages to lift his head onto her lap, and he screams into it how much he misses Castiel. How everything inside him feels like he’s dying. He even thinks he tells her how much he loves him.
“What the fuck Dean!” Sam growls, wheeling closer and yanking Dean’s head to the side.
“I don’t understand why you just can’t stay home! This is serious, Dean!”
Nodding, Cain holds out his hand towards him. “I wish you luck, Dean.” Dean grabs the extended hand and looks up at Cain in surprise. It’s colder than he expected. “You’re going to need it.”
The anger and hostility only seemed to latch on and feed into his nightmares. Between that and Castiel’s lack of sleep, everything seemed to collide and mix with his reality. It took him longer and longer to try and go over how shifter Dean and Dean himself were different.
An uncomfortable coldness begins to spread throughout his chest. Castiel tries to lift his hand to touch his chest, but his limbs won’t move. Nothing is made to move here. The realization is terrifying, but yet, he understands it nonetheless.  The brightness begins to fade into shadows as burning chilled fingers crawl up his throat, gripping it tightly. Castiel blinks desperately trying to focus on the nothingness around him.
The walk to their diner was just about fifteen minutes from the museum. Not difficult to manage, but enough that he debated on having time to actually order and eat anything. He gave a wave to of the ladies working behind the counter before making his way to the back booth where they usually sit.
Castiel glances to Sam and Dean who avoid his gaze altogether. That is strange. Well, maybe not for Dean, but before he let himself rest Sam had no issues making eye contact.
With a shaky sigh, Sam runs a hand through his hair, nervously laughing. He walks back over to the computer and swipes his badge again.
After a week of trying to keep busy, he started checking his phone more often throughout the day. Even more than when he and Dean were actually on speaking terms. It became the so noticeable a few of his colleagues had approached him asking if something was wrong. He started leaving his phone in his car after that. Nobody ever called him besides Dean, anyway.
Dean opens his mouth to respond, but is hit on the back of the head with something solid and heavy. Falling to knees, the demon knife slips from his grip and clatters to the ground in front of him. He’s suddenly yanked upwards, his feet barely touching the ground, facing a burly, lumberjack looking demon. Dean barely has time to register what’s coming before the demons fist hits across Dean’s face with enough force that knocks him free of the hold, and he’s sliding across the floor until his back collides into a bookshelf.
!?” Dean screams as the arm holding his knife twitches wanting to slice through the person responsible for making him feel this way. “All this time?! You knew all this time and you – what about after we defeated the Devil, huh Cas? What about then? When we took God’s plan and told him to shove it up his ass, remember? What about then? Why didn’t you tell me then?! Too ashamed to be bonded forever to some mud monkey like me? Huh? Is that it? Pissed off that you got the shit end of the stick, chained to some flesh and bone parasite doomed to continuously fuck up and – ”
Dean feels his eyes go wide as he remembers why he was in the hallway. He was headed for the kitchen to get a knife to defend himself, but instead he ended up welcoming the alpha with open arms. Literally.
If he calls Castiel back and backs out on this whole thing, is he going to get mad and come over anyway? Dean pushes himself up onto his shaky legs to clumsy walk across his bedroom to the closet, looking for anything that might help defend himself. Dean decides that no matter how badly his stupid omega hormones are responding to this alpha, he’s not going to go through the pain of being raped again. Even with his heat being this bad, he’s got enough sense right now to know that if he can’t slick for Castiel he’s probably going to get mad. Really mad. Alpha’s on a good day are assholes, but during rut? That has to be the reason Castiel sounded so desperate on the phone. He needs an omega and what better than one who willingly gave him his phone number.
“Nu uh. Nice try, but that ain’t workin’ on me,” she says. “‘Sides, you’ve kinda always sucked at lying. Busy is eating dinner or finishing up something at work and calling back after. You dropped by my house, got white girl wasted, filled me in on barely any of the deets, we had some tears, then passed out! When I woke up you were gone! I mean, I get needing some girl time, but usually the morning after there’s some hangover breakfast to help work through the previous night.”
Benny doesn’t even pause, but moves to the front door and clicks the lock in place. “Thought you were above alpha’s telling you how to live your life.”
It’s more a statement than a question, but Castiel feels the need to answer it so there isn’t any room for false hope. “No,” he sighs following Sam’s gaze to the door separating them from Dean. “It doesn’t work like that. Dean’s soul was his own and when my grace touched he latched on and –”
– they would still be together. It wasn’t that he was oblivious to sex, or hadn’t experienced with it before. It was just that he was a little reserved.
Happy, sappy endings are not my thing, guys. I hope you all enjoyed this and I did it some justice. Come scream at me in the comments! Don’t forget to hit that kudo button. ^_^
Castiel waits for a moment before the silence over angel radio gives him his answer. His eyes come back into focus to see an empty room. He’s still holding the lamp, but Crowley must have left to get whatever he thinks they need, or at least he hopes. Some small part of him hopes that Hannah would have helped him find a way, but if he’s being honest with himself, he knows that there is no real way to cure Dean. Deep inside he knows it’s only a feeble attempt to cling to hope that has long since gone away.
Even as he tries to remind himself, the memories are still there and his feelings of fear and shame never lessen. Sighing, he starts walking again about ready to celebrate as the voices grow louder the closer he approaches the door. Wait, is that Crowleys voice? Narrowing his eyes Castiel grasps the doorknob and pulls the door inward with a little more force than intended. He’s met with a low chuckle from Crowley who stands there, looking his usual smug self, and two startled brothers that look ready to engage in whatever surprised them.
“Wait,” Dean says, voice half pleading. “Just, please – wait.”
He hears Sam suck in a sharp breath as he takes a turn a little too fast. “The weird one? They said she quit, or whatever.”
He wants to reply, explaining that he does, of course he does, you don’t live a millennia of time without enjoying something. But Dean hasn’t moved his finger from underneath his chin. The warmth radiating from the touch is causing his whole body to ignite with some unseen fire underneath his skin. Their lips are just barely a breath away from each other, and Castiel can’t quite remember him or Dean moving to be this close to each other.
“Almost all of the worldwide population is asymptomatic, which is what we are calling ‘beta’s’,” he says sitting down on a rolling stool beside the examination table where Dean is sitting. “That pretty much just means anyone who didn’t get sick or –”
Dean’s eyes slide to black as Castiel moves forward towards Dean’s arm. He lunges like he might bite him, but Sam is there hitting him with holy water. Dean yells as his skin starts to sizzle. Castiel takes the distraction to plunge the needle into his arm causing Dean to groan as he empties the purified blood inside him.
Sam shifts his feet and the next time he speaks he’s closer. “Why isn’t he coming in?”
. “I, um… I’m sorry.”
was here before any knock on his door told him Dean had arrived. Castiel was already several steps back towards the door when he heard the knock Dean had established as his own, and Castiel opened the door willingly to let the alpha inside.
Dean raised his blade to the sky, smiling as the rest of his crew did the same. “For Winchester!”
Dean greeted not a moment later, “Cas!” He came over and gave Cas a big hug.
There had been a murder in one of the wealthier families of Heaven. The woman who had been killed was said to be having an affair with a poor merchant. When her husband — who happened to be a close and personal friend of Michael — came home and had seen them together, he allegedly killed them both.
Dean looked uncertain, but nodded anyway. “Okay.”
“Believe it or not, but sometimes I miss you when I’m gone, too,” Dean said, smiling and facing away from the stream of water to oil his cock up. “And it’s easier to use oil than water as a lubricant.”
“Out of the goodness of your heart?” Charlie said, plastering what was sure to be a smile onto her face, but it came off as a wince.
cock makes it count just a bit more towards, you know, losing your virginity, don’t you think? And a real cock feels better than toys, doesn’t it?” he asked, pulling out until just the head of his cock was inside Castiel.
Cas nodded. “Okay.”
“There’s also six of us, Cas,” Jo continued, “You don’t stand a chance against us.”
“That’s just it,” Castiel said, and looked down at his lap. “I mean, didn’t dad say that time travel could mess with your mind? Maybe you—”
“They signify pure thoughts, adoration, dedication,” Gilda said, “and they symbolize dedicated love.”
“No,” Dean mumbled. Cas smiled at his antics, pushing at his shoulders to get him to move.
“Please?” Cas snaked his hand up to the back of Dean’s neck, “My room is the one with the balcony on the east side of the house.”
Castiel grabbed his robe, pulled it on in a rush, and then left his chambers. He practically ran through the halls towards Dean’s bedroom, not getting lost in the repetitive halls like every other time he walked through them because now he was letting his omega guide him.
Forecastle deck - the deck at the very front (or bow) of the boat
“Fucking amateur pirates,” Dean mumbled, wiping blood out of his eye before groaning at the sheer stupidity of the Knights of Hell.
“Why would you think that?” Dean asked, his voice sounding like it was heartbroken.
. All of them were screaming out their emotions. It was suffocating, and Castiel had a hard time sorting through what was his own thoughts and what were theirs.
Castiel pushed her off of him, letting her fall flat on the ground before hauling himself up to hover over here like she had done to him.
Dean smiled and pulled away, “No. I feel really light, actually.”
Dean snorted, “Right, and I don’t love pie.” Cas smiled and giggled a little. “So, what were you really thinking of?”
Cas laughed and shook his head. “It’s fine, I don’t really care. I’m not an avid birthday celebrator, either.”
“Wrong,” Cas said, “You can’t be right again because then I’d only be right ninety eight percent of the time.”
“What would you like to drink?” Ellen asked, “We have water, barley tea, rosewater, lavender drink, and apple or lemon drink.” She paused. “I could get you ale, cider, mead, or wine, too, although I would not recommend those for you now.”
“Let’s get dressed and we can lay together for a bit to get you warm again,” Dean said, helping Cas onto his feet. Cas nodded and held onto Dean as he led them out to his bedroom, again. He dried them both off before searching around for clothes and when he found two suitable outfits, Dean dressed and then started on Cas.
Dean shot his hands down to grab Castiel’s hips.
“Cas…”
“Of course, I’m not attracted to men. I’ve never been attracted to—”
!” Michael stopped himself in his tracks, glaring at Cas for the longest time before walking over to him again. “But no, you had to be late the one morning which would've changed everything! Dean Winchester would be dead by now and I would be a hero! But you were late, you pathetic piece of scum! N ow Crowley’s daughter has been wedded to another!” Michael kicked his son in the ribs repeatedly, making Cas yell and gasp for mercy. “I’m stuck here, doing whatever Crowley wants because he wasted his time in coming here to inspect you when you didn't even bother to show up! I would've been part of Crowley's royal court! But you!—”
“Gods,” Dean groaned out. He held Cas to him tightly, snapping his hips forward into Cas’s prostate over and over again. Cas shuddered and moaned out as he came again. “Fuck! Did you just come again?”
Cas looked at Dean out of the corner of his eyes and nodded. Dean smiled and shifted himself down on the bed. He lifted Cas’s legs, sitting between them before he laid them down over his, scooting up until Cas could feel Dean’s thighs against his butt. The pirate’s eyebrows came together in a concentrated look at he gently pressed down on Cas’s stomach, working his way over the muscles with the heels of his hands. Cas closed his eyes and stretched his arms above his head, sighing.
Dean chuckled and threw the sheets into his soiled clothes basket. “No need to apologize.” He smiled reassuringly at the boy. “It was actually bloody arousing.”
“My father used to beat me, too,” She said as she walked away from Cas to grab something. “It’s part of the reason why I joined Dean. That and Charlie.”
be seeing you around.” He winked at them as he followed Lisa out.
“It’s good, they’re not too tight,” Cas said, answering Dean’s question before he asked it. He smiled and came to stand at the foot of his bed, looking at Cas.
Cas turned his head towards Dean, not opening his eyes just yet. His head was throbbing and his stomach felt numb. “Thirsty.” He heard Dean laugh quietly before a cup was placed at his lips. Cas opened his mouth and gulped down the water until the cup was empty and Dean pulled it away.
It was a powerful feeling to feel for Castiel. He’d never felt anything like what he felt for Dean before and he knew—Castiel knew he would never want to feel it for anyone but Dean. But before Castiel could do it, before he could kiss Dean, Dean’s scent changed and it turned sour.
Dean followed Charlie to the kitchen, finally able to feel the pain setting into his muscles as he stepped into the mess.
“Is that…Is that
“Yes.”
“I…” Castiel floundered. What was he supposed to say? Was Dean asking him out? Was he supposed to give his number, or should he ask for Dean’s instead? No one had ever asked for his number or to dinner before. “Um…”
. “I love you, Cas,” Dean said.
“But you absolutely do not have to say yes if it’s something you don’t want to do,” Dean’s tone was forceful and bold. It made Cas shiver as he nodded.
“That is Alfie’s true mate,” Castiel said, looking up at Dean with tears in his eyes, “Alfie thought John had killed him because he wears Alfie’s mating bite.”
It was a trying day. They’d gotten through it, though, and gotten Ben to bed. Lisa fell asleep soon after and that’s when Dean carefully extricated himself and started working. For the past two hours he had been sitting behind his desk reading carefully through his work and making any last minute changes he saw fit. At this moment, however, Dean was tired and he was ready for this day to end.
go talk to them.” Dean followed Castiel off the bed. “I’m your mate,” he said, pulling Castiel back against him as he traced a finger over the claiming bite he’d given Castiel on the second week of their stay here. Castiel had gone into heat, and Dean had claimed him almost immediately. “They’re my family now, too.”
Dean smiled as two big, blue and beautiful eyes opened to look up at him curiously.
Reportedly, the Prince was almost five and his father was taking him to see how the servants lived and worked in the kitchen. On their way to the cellar, Castiel’s mother went into labor and John had the Prince watch. After Castiel was born and announced to be an omega, John asked his son if he wanted the omega to be his mate when he became of age. The Prince said yes, and John had made it known through the whole castle that the omega born of Naomi Novak was was not to be touched unless you wanted a fate worse than death.
“Why do you want to leave Heaven, Cas?” Dean asked, not taking his eyes from Cas’s stomach. “Other than your father, what reason do you have to leave? You have a life here, and a legacy you can inherit once Michael passes… Why would you give that up?” Cas didn’t respond for a minute or two. He wanted to collect his thoughts before answering.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, and Castiel turned his attention to where Dean pointed to. His mother was there, a small smile on her face as she looked at him.
an omega.”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know who won, still, to this day. All I know is that the only thing I saw for the next six days when I was even conscious, was my pillow or the floor as my father and brother took their turns ‘helping’ me through my heat.”
“Did he give those to you?” Jess’s voice came from behind Castiel.
“What does that mean?” Castiel asked, looking to Meg for answers. It seemed like she would be the only one willing to answer when it came down to it.
“You’ve been acting distant ever since we met them. I should’ve seen that you were truly bothered by them and cut off contact on my own,” Dean said. Castiel shook his head.
“Yes!” Cas screamed at him, threading a hand into Dean’s hair and tugging harshly. “Fuck me now!” Dean didn’t wait to obey and immediately pushed into Cas, smiling at the stuttering breath Cas let out.
“I wish I had as much talent as you,” Jess said, huffing in annoyance as she put her pen down and lean back, “I cannot get my drawings to look the way I want.”
Dean shrugged. “You haven’t disintegrated yet, have you?” he said, and Castiel smiled at the joke. “Um, listen, I put out an outfit for you on the bed. It’s some of my old clothes from way back in the day that don’t fit me anymore, but they look about your size, and there’s a clean towel if you want to take a shower. And I have some blockers in the bathroom cabinet for omega use if you want.”
“You can lie down if you want,” Jo said, pointing at Dean’s bed. “He doesn’t mind.”
“Yeah,” Cas said, closing his eyes and moaning as he felt Dean’s hand pump over his shaft. “And Rough.”
“I was going to say the same thing to you.”
“There you go,” she said, smiling as Castiel moved back to the head of the bed and began eating.
“Nah, I’m certain,” he said, and gave Castiel a look that made Castiel flush. Castiel tried to ignore the butterflies in his stomach as they walked but found he was failing miserably. And it didn’t help that every few steps Dean’s arm would brush his, and it felt like someone had zapped him with a cattle prod.
Cas nodded, “Yes, thank you. That would be wonderful.”
Dean was quiet for a while, and Castiel was too, taking in and processing everything that had just happened. Castiel knew it wasn’t like himself to unload just like that, and it would be easy to just brush it off as he’d been keeping all this in a bubble for as long as he could remember and it finally burst, but Castiel was beginning to think maybe it was something more. Maybe it was something between him and Dean, or maybe just about Dean specifically.
“Charlie’s family had kicked her out,” Cas said, turning his head to speak into Dean’s hair. “Gilda was being abused, Kevin was being hunted, Ash was being forced to abuse his gift, Sam was with your father, Benny was in Purgatory, and you, Dean… You saved yourself, too. You saved everyone on this ship in one form or another.”
The heat from Alastair’s body between Castiel’s legs went away, and Castiel figured that meant the other alpha had won the fight over him. He readied himself as much as he could for what was about to happen, but all he felt was his pants and underwear pulled back up and buttoned. Someone began talking to him, but Castiel couldn’t understand what was being said. He felt an arm slip under his back and another slip under his knees. A small whimper escaped his lips as he was lifted up and into someone’s arms.
“No,” Castiel said, shaking his head. He swallowed and hesitantly took a step forward, pushing the door open and making Dean scramble to step back enough so they were still an appropriate distance apart. “You definitely do not,” he whispered, holding his breath unintentionally as he shut the door behind him. “You have no need to ask me because I already have my answer for you.” Castiel whispered, taking a few step forward towards Dean. He didn’t miss the way Dean seemed to lean away from him, a cautious look on his face, but Castiel ignored it. “And I actually have a question for you,” Castiel said.
“July twenty-first?” Ruby said, looking down at her documents as a blush rose to her cheeks. “I see no one has asked for the Circle that day and all of my usual staff and vendors are available.”
“Sh,” Dean whispered, his hands coming to hold Cas as close as he could. “I got you, baby. I’m never letting you go.”
. And for another half hour before that Dean had been slowly thrusting into him at a teasing and unsatisfactory pace.
“Observant,” Dean said jokingly, “Aren’t you?”
“Please what?” Dean whispered. Cas squeezed his legs around Dean. "Please let you come?" Cas nodded frantically, his legs starting to shake from how hard he was squeezing them around Dean's hips. The pirate smirked and pulled his fingers out. “Color?”
“Aye, Captain.”
“Dean, are you sure you’re okay?” Charlie asked, nudging his shoulder. “You really don’t look well.”
“Dean!” Sam came bounding up the stairs to Dean with Charlie, Jo, Gilda, Benny, and the rest of his officers behind him. “Everyone’s ready,” Sam said. Dean nodded, looking from Sam to the rest of his officers.
. I fight. And I don’t just kill. I torment and I martyrize.”
“Fucking hell,” Dean gasped, pushing himself up to look at Cas and watching as he relaxed before curling forward into himself. “My gods…”
“Dean,” Cas sniffled, hiccuping in air.
” Cas said immediately.
“Hail fellow,” he said.
"C'mon, Omega," Dean cooed, moving his hand on Castiel's stomach in small circles. Castiel whimpered desperately and started to fuck his hips up into his hand. "I know you want to come."
Castiel felt the corner of his mouth twitch up, because he could feel his power start pounding inside him. It was growing with every second as Castiel’s anger boiled to rage.
“This was a mistake.” Meg groaned and stood up. “Well, thanks for your time, but I have to go. I—”
“I can’t wait any longer,” Castiel said, and if Dean were a better man, that wouldn’t have affected him as much as it did. If Dean were more in control of his alpha, he wouldn’t be moving back up and pushing Castiel’s legs impossibly more open. If Dean didn’t love sticking his dick in willing omegas to watch them come from it as much as he did, maybe he wouldn’t be watching every little movement Castiel made as the omega rose back up onto his elbows. And if Dean wasn’t such an alpha, he wouldn’t be shoving his tongue down Castiel’s throat as he ripped his own boxers off.
“Cas…” Dean whispered, his heart pounded in his chest. “You’re making me rethink my entire life. You’re making me want to give up everything I’ve ever had…. Just for the chance to be able to wake up next to you every morning.” He paused for a second, not sure what to say.
“Yeah.” Meg eyed Castiel suspiciously, and it took everything in Castiel not to fidget because that was crazy. The end of the world? It was insane, and Castiel wasn’t sure if he could believe it.
“Yes,” Cas nodded.
Castiel shook his head. “No.” He pulled away from Dean and slid off his lap onto his own legs. “I’m not.” Castiel pulled Dean up from the stool and tugged the alpha with him as he walked back towards his bed.
“So goddamn beautiful, Cas,” Dean said as he started getting worked up again and moved his hand faster and rougher against Cas, fueled by the whiny gasps in Cas’s breathing he let out.
Castiel shook his head, making Alfie look even more confused.
“Yes, I requested
“Moving on, as I was saying, due to the reaction I got when we met last, I thought it would be wise and appropriate to discuss, well, us. Our future, if there even is one,” Dean said. Castiel clenched his jaw and pressed his lips together. King Dean was playing a dangerous game and if Castiel didn’t move his pieces just right, he would end up losing. “I have to ask, Castiel, what do you feel for me?”
“That felt—” Cas paused to yawn, “—so good, Dean.”
“Stop it,” Cas hissed to himself, shaking his head to force the all around feeling of nothingness away. He closed his eyes, making himself think good thoughts about Dean, Gilda, Charlie, Sam, Benny, Lisa and Ben—anyone from the Impala. That was one cure he had found worked when this happened. Most of the time it worked, too.
Gilda nudged Castiel to get him moving, and then he, she, and Dean followed after the same path Jess had pulled Sam down.
“Pft, that’s easy,” Dean said, “Another’s arms.” He smiled up at Cas.
Cas thrust into Dean’s hand and growled, “I’m the only one who can get this hard for you.” Dean’s head snapped up to Cas’s and he stared, wide eyed and shocked, at his lover. He felt himself, surprisingly, start to harden again. “You hear me? Only I can get this hard for you.
Dean stopped, finally, and looked her dead in the eyes. “I told you back then you should have taken the second chance I gave you.”
Dean chuckled, “Admiring the view?” He asked, putting his hands on his hips. “I thought you wanted to get to the good part?” Cas gave him a mischievous smile.
“Your father sounds like an asshole,” Gilda stated. Cas let out a huff of a laugh.
“Dean!” Cas howled in frustration, jerking his hips back down towards Dean's hand. “Green.”
cum like Castiel had just done. Castiel had made an utter
It made Castiel dizzy, the circles they were talking in. He didn’t truly begin to listen back in until Gadreel’s voice started to boom in that way it only did when he got impossibly angry.
“I’ll be going,” Sam whispered, quickly and quietly slipping out of the room, leaving Dean and Cas to sort things out in privacy.
” Gilda kissed Charlie’s forehead. Cas smiled at the exchange.
“Me neither,” he said, running his hands through Dean’s hair. “But we have the rest of our lives together,” he continued in a whisper. Dean smiled at him, groaning lowly a second later as he thrust into Cas. Cas gasped at the spark that ran through him and rolled his body down to meet Dean’s next thrust.
“What do you think,
Gabe looked over and couldn’t stop the cackle that slipped out, “Ha!” He quickly shut up with one look from Cas, though. “Well, they are prostitutes. And Dean is a well known wealthy man. They’re just doing their job.”
“What?” Cas pushed himself up as his father turned away from him. “Father, what are you talking about?” Michael opened his closet door in a flourish, looking at all the shelves and hanging clothes.
“Are you—?” Dean’s head snapped to look over his shoulder and then back to look at Castiel with wide eyes. “You are nude?”
“Well.” Michael let out a dry laugh. “You must think I’m a fool,” His father laughed again; but angrily this time. “Since you keep lying to me!” He brought the poker down on Cas’s back.
“Please,” Cas sighed, threading a hand into Dean’s hair. “Please?”
“Fuck off, Amara. You never cared about me,” Dean snapped. “I was just a whipping post for you.”
It was almost ironic how a small kid from a small town had
“Fuck, Cas, you know you cause this boom of thunder and lighting every time you come?” Dean said, groaning into Castiel’s neck on one of his rougher thrusts. “I mean, I can already feel every time you come, but now it’s like I can almost see how good it feels for you.”
“Shut up,” Cas giggled. Dean smiled wider before sliding his hands along Cas’s thighs and up his sides. Cas closed his eyes and melted into Dean’s touches. He felt Dean move closer and then the heat from Dean’s mouth on his length. “Oh, God,” he gasped, pushing his hips up slightly. Dean chuckled against him and hooked his fingers under the waistband of Cas’s panties.
“Cas?” He heard from somewhere far away.. “Oh my gods, Cas!”
“Yes,” Cas responded, laying his head on his pillows. “Of course, father.” Michael shut his door and Cas heard his father’s heavy footsteps fade away. Cas sighed deeply, closing his eyes and thinking of Dean as he fell asleep.
“Does Sam know what you have to go through?” Castiel asked, and the deafening silence that followed was answer enough.
“So you can continue to avoid me?” Amara said, her voice dripping with fake sweetness. “That’s alright, dear, I’d rather just talk now.” She flicked her hand out behind her and that’s when Castiel noticed Dean standing behind her. He was pale and looked like he was going to be sick as he stepped forward and pulled Amara’s seat out for her to sit. The state of Dean’s appearance sobered Castiel up and he felt this primal urge to protect what was his.
Castiel’s entire train of thought came to a urgent and violent stop as he felt like he’d been punched in the gut. His omega scratched at his insides and howled in anger at him. It made him double over in pain, and grit his teeth to keep from crying out.
I’m not special. I’m not a good person. I torture and hurt and I
“Ooh,” Lucifer winced playfully and sucked in air between his teeth. “That hurt.”
“What? Are you gonna make me hot cocoa, now? You know I don’t like hot cocoa.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there to protect you,” Castiel said, and Dean laughed.
“I love you, too, Cas,” he replied, giving him one last kiss before settling down and cuddling close to his angel.
“I-I know it’s overwhelming,” Dean whispered, and the amount of poorly hidden restraint to not fuck Castiel senseless in Dean’s breathy, fucked out voice made Castiel almost come then and there. “Tell me—god, you’re so—
Castiel agreed, pulling back to finally dive in for a kiss, but Sam’s voice called out and stopped them.
than all of you combined. I mean look at you now! You can’t even hold your ground against me, against
“Your words.”
"It's not exactly a light topic, Dean," Cas said. Worry flashed through Dean's eyes and Cas immediately backtracked. "I want you to know that you're enough.” Dean's face fell.
Dean shook his head. “You don’t understand. This isn’t about me. You have no idea what he would do to my crew if he found out.”
The muscles in Cas’s abdomen tensed up and he knew the angel was close. Dean stopped and pulled his fingers out. Cas’s hips bucked wildly and he whimpered out a breathy and desolate
“Only — ah — for you,” Cas moaned out. “How much — How much more?”
Castiel gasped for air for a few seconds and felt Amara climb back on top of him. He forced himself to focus on her and saw her smile, blood dripping from the corner of her mouth onto his own face.
“No!” He yelled, “No, I do not want you to—”
“Please, alpha, please, I need you!”
Crowley nodded uninterestedly. “It was a piece of junk, if you ask me. A man nearing the age of fifty goes out to restore chivalry? Not likely.”
Dean blinked at him in surprise, and then sprung into action, tearing his shirt to get the piece of clothing off. Castiel couldn’t help but giggle as Dean finally shared the same urgency as he did.
Number Seven to them.
After that, no one dared to tell Castiel what they knew of why he was betrothed to the crown Prince.
“What reason?”
a pervert or a pedophile,” Castiel said. Dean scratched at his wrist where he’d been snapping the rubber band, frowning at Castiel as he did it. “If you were, you wouldn’t have checked my ID last night, for starters, Dean. You would have just fucked me. Probably wouldn't have asked about a condom or knotting or your alpha voice, either.”
Castiel hated this day, naturally. It was his birthday; and the anniversary—if you could even call it that—of his first heat as well as the night those raiders got him. Castiel didn’t celebrate his birthday because of those things, so all he really wanted to do was sleep. His own bed wasn’t an option because there were people in his trailer. Rachel had invited some photographers and journalists to interview her and Gadreel about him and their team being the only one with an omega pilot. Castiel didn’t want to deal with questions being hurled at him one after another or photographs being taken of him right after a fight. Better to let Rachel and Gadreel figure out that maze, because Castiel wouldn’t do it.
“Already submissive,” Crowley said under his breath so only Meg and Cas had been able to hear. Meg smiled at her father and nodded her head.
But this chapter is pretty much all fluff! So, enjoy!
“Well, his omega does,” Ellen said.
What are you thinking?!”
“I hate him.”
“There’s a waterfall?” he asked, jumping down next to Dean.
“Castiel, we can get you a package when your next heat comes to be, if you would like,” Ellen said, “We will not be keeping them from you.”
“Really?” Cas asked, furrowing his brows.
“I would like to take you on a walk through the garden,” Dean said, “the marigolds and irises have bloomed and the sight is lovely.”
. They ached to be touched, and Castiel quickly let go of the hold he had pinning Dean’s arms to the bed. He grabbed Dean and pulled him up so their chests were pressed together.
“Why does that matter?”
As Castiel looked back ahead of himself, he felt himself run straight into someone. The wind was knocked out of him and he fell down, gasping for breath for a few seconds.
“Really?” Dean asked, sliding back the lid to reveal the polished, shiny, and gold cylinder. “Wow.”
~  ~  ~
TW: abuse, (mild) objectification of women.
“Do you think that comes from Cas?”
, but Castiel let out these long, quick exhales and the next thing Dean knew, all he could feel was
“When I look at you… Dean, I feel like I'm looking into the sun.” Cas took his hands from Dean’s and walked around to kiss the man’s back. “You’re the single most beautiful being I've ever seen.”
Cas breathed hard, his eyes not able to stay open. “Yes.” His voice was completely wrecked. Dean smiled and pushed himself up to lean over Cas, just looking at his beautiful angel.
“No.”
“Aye, Captain?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Nope,” Charlie said, “You need to go to sleep. And when you wake up, Cas will be okay.”
Castiel was silent for a moment before he nodded, and Dean set about making some tea for the omega.
He emerged from beneath the ship with his blades in their sheaths, ready to be drawn at any moment. Men and women from his crew were darting around, getting battle ready as he walked the length of his ship to check how close the other vessel was getting.
“God,” Dean said in a hoarse voice, digging his fingers into Cas’s hips as he whimpered and moaned while slowing his hips. “Cas… Did…” he paused, pulling back to look at Cas’s face. Dean let out a strangled laugh, almost coming then because of the absolutely blissed out face Cas was making. He was biting his lip and grinning dopily with his eyes closed. “Cas… I think you just had a prostate orgasm.”
Dean snorted; like he didn’t believe Castiel.
“What’s wrong?”
Shortly after, they came to the end of an alley and after some checking around, stepped onto the path leading into the woods.
“Let’s get cleaned up, quick, then?” Dean smiled.
“...Gilda!”
“Cas—”
I’m gonna — I’m gonna…
“He loves you,” Gabe said plainly. “Maybe he doesn’t know it himself, but it’s really
as we want.”
“Yeah, I was… I wasn’t—I was the black sheep,” he said in hopes of easing the tension for Dean. He wanted to make it as easy as possible for Dean to leave because that would save Castiel some heartache later.
“Cas.” Dean hungrily splayed his hands on Cas’s torso, moving them up inch by inch and bringing his shirt to pool under his arms.
The feeling of Cas’s already tight heat clenching around Dean pulled him over the edge and he came inside Cas, thrusting shallowly through his orgasm. Dean kissed praises into the skin over Cas’s face and neck:
take the medication
“He said he promised you,” Benny said, still smiling. Cas smiled back before stretching and yawning.
“I’m not tired,” Dean said in a defensive tone. He shook his head to keep his eyes from closing.
Dean smiled wider, “Okay,” he whispered and moved to sit down on the edge of Cas’s bed as he started telling Cas about one of the old pirate stories that he’d heard when he was little.
“Guys! Guys, it’s Cas!”
with Zachariah? He’d stolen Castiel’s childhood, and then alienated him from the family. And for something that Castiel didn’t even do! It
Cas nodded his head again, letting out an almost pained whine, and Dean smirked, pushing in slowly and drawing out a loud, pitched moan from Cas. Dean moved his hands down to Cas’s ankles as he bottomed out and held them apart and started thrusting his hips slowly. Cas was barely given any time to rest his voice from the elongated moans spilling from his mouth. “You want me to go faster?” Dean asked, his voice breathless. Cas bobbed his head up and down. “You want me to fuck you harder?”
“Dean, you freed him,” Castiel said, smiling as Benny and Alfie simply held onto each other, uncaring of who was watching, “And you helped to bring them together. If not for you, Alfie would not have even come to the city. It does not matter that it did not happen sooner, all that matters is they are together again.” He looked up at Dean, wiping away his tears so he could see the alpha clearly. So much happiness flowed through him when Dean gave him a half smile.
“I never would have done what I did last night if I’d known that you’d been fantasizing about me since you were
Dean leaned down and kissed Cas sloppily before letting go of his legs and reaching between them to guide his cock to rest against Cas’.
“I’m still full from breakfast,” he said. She frowned at him and looked like she wanted to say more, but kept herself from saying it.
Cas’s lip quivered as he spoke, “I understand.” He nodded curtly. Dean walked over to Cas and traced over his bare shoulders lightly before hugging him.
“Yes; he really cares about you.”
“Mh-hm,” Cas whimpered.
“Fuck!” Dean grunted, “I’m gonna come.” Cas stopped his movements and rolled them over, wrapping his arms and legs around Dean.
“Please, Dean,” He said softly, “I want to be yours.”
“Cas,” Jess’s soothing voice lulled him to a dreamy state, “You do what you need to. This is what I am here for. We are here to help you.”
“Charlie would become captain. All you would have to do would be to never come to Heaven again.”
~  ~  ~
“I made you come
Castiel felt his face heat up to a burn, and he almost debated running in the exact opposite direction.
followed by a thundering
“I don't want you to go either,” Cas said. “But you have to go kill some bastards.” Dean only huffed in response, not making a move to get up. He just pushed his face into Cas’s neck further. “Dean, c’mon.”
“Yes, alpha,” Castiel mumbled, letting himself drift off to sleep as Dean’s sweet voice gave him pleasant dreams of him and Dean growing old together.
“Okay,” Dean nodded, he stilled Cas’s still lolling head and turned it to the side for him; he smiled as Cas let out a small content sigh. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
“Don’t be such a baby,” Gabe snorted. “And I’m not that stupid. We’re just getting a little closer, alright?”
“Have the bridge readied,” he said, turning back to cautiously survey the ship next to them. “Aye! I am Dean Winchester.” There was a long silence before anyone responded.
“That usually happens when a guy gets turned on.” Dean inhaled sharply, “Fuck, Cas,” he whispered, letting his eyes close and his neck become loose.
“You know Gilda is a fairy, don’t you?” Charlie asked.
“Sure,” Gabriel said, “Sounds great—”
Castiel scolded himself. He knew he only wanted these things because he was still recovering from his heat and his body and mind were all over the place. That was the only reason. He would be wanting and yearning for the same things if it was any other alpha, too, because this was
“I just was thinking that cum —
“Fine.” Amara’s tone was tight, and Dean knew he had angered her. “Don’t go around whining if you don’t need me, then.”
“There are some woods behind my house,” Cas said, keeping his head down and focussing on his and Dean’s hand. “If we can get to there, I can get home safe and no one will know anything.”
his siblings.
“I made you a dish I had when I visited our allies in France a few months ago,” Dean said, moving to sit down himself, “‘Cinnamon Brewet’, I believe it is named.”
“What the fuck do you want, Amara?” Dean almost growled. “Why come here?”
The whole thing made Dean feel…horrible. Like he’d become the exact thing he hated most in this world. Castiel had been
