The doctor eyed him and Steve wondered what was going through Banner's head. He didn't say anything for a few minutes as if he was trying to think of what to say. Banner took a deep breath. "I bet," he stated. His tone was soft, which surprised Steve. "It's me who should be sorry." He paused. "Time travel is such a tricky thing and there's no telling what she's doing and how she's changing the timeline. I can't even begin to understand what that feels like to have everything change on you."
"Do you think Loki is behind this?" she asked, not answering his question.
toy? The very thought made Toni shudder, but if she thought about it, he probably wasn't the only one…Before Steve, she had chuckled at the thought, but now, it was extremely creepy, especially when he was right in front of her.
Barnes leaned toward her. "You're not as impenetrable as you like to portray. Let it out."
Toni leaned back in the passenger seat, feeling the warmth from Steve's hand on her knee. She wasn't sure when Steve had placed her hand on her knee, but she enjoyed the feeling. "What, from the 1940's?" she asked.
"And you have a health ego," he replied as the waitress placed two glasses in front of them. "Give us a few minutes. We have a friend joining."
"No…Yes." He took a deep breath. "You aren't the only one who overthinks. You aren't the only one who feels guilty, but I can Bucky's face, mad at me for being an idiot." A smile grew on his face.
"Can I suggest someone getting a towel for Miss Stark when she enters?" said JARVIS, drawing everyone's attention.
With a small smile, Steve turned to Toni, facing her. He brought his hand up to her face and brushed the hair out of her eyes. "Toni, are you okay? You're sweating."
Toni glanced around the room, and she sweated a bit, because Schmidt's forces were impressive. If she didn't know the future, she would be nerviness, but knowing he would fail kept her strong. "Go fuck yourself," she hissed at him. She wasn't going to give in. She promised herself that.
"Good, because I'm not," Toni stated, eyeing him. "Do you know where the closer homeless shelter is?" she asked. Though she had no interest whatsoever in going, she knew she had no other choice; plus, it would be nice to get out of the cold. She didn't know how much more she could stand it.
"Then why would I tell you anything?" she asked.
Steve narrowed his eyes at Pepper before he turned to Rhodes, eyeing him. Those two were hovering close to the engineer, cutting her off from the rest of the room. "Miss Potts."
Her face turned bright red. "N-No…You know… Urgh." She paused for a few seconds. "…Yes, I like Steve."
was making a difference. He was finally doing what he wanted to do: saving people. So why was he so angry? He shouldn't be this angry. He had no right to be angry.
At the sound of his last name, Barnes suddenly stopped and dropped the Private, who land with a thump. "Toni," he uttered. He looked surprised.
Toni glanced around, trying to figure out where Rollins was taking her. Somewhere along the way she had dozed off for a good few minute—not that she could understand
Toni let out a groan, giving in and accepting his offer. "Okay, but you so need to buy me dinner first," she replied, relaxing in his grasp. With a deep breath and pushing slightly, she allowed him to get her into a sitting position.
What is the purpose of that?
The flooding memories took hold of him and he couldn't rid himself of them. They were a haunting experience that he couldn't shake even when he turned up the water temperature. In a sense, they had glued themselves to him.
"Don't let Stark hear you say that. She might get jealous," she replied with a hint of a smile, which resulted in a glare from Steve. "Anyhow, going after him is a dead end. I know, I've tried. Like you said, he's a ghost."
"Yea, and I bet her idea of a good date would be torturing you, though I would be up for that," he said.
Anyway, enjoy! If you notice any mistakes, feel free to point it out!
Bruce adds. “
“Of course, I’ll see you later, Spider-Man,” Captain America says, saluting Peter before jogging away from him in the direction Hawkeye took. Peter casts one short look at where Yaël had been standing, only to find she’s no longer there. She must have taken off, gotten away from the battle. It’s too bad, her powers would have been helpful. Wade, on the other hand, seems to have been especially
Ned looks for a moment longer, but then sighs.
“Yes, is that not the custom in Midgardian weddings?” Thor asks, confused. Steve picks up the papers, finding very well-written things talking about how Thor feels. It’s like he could write a whole book about his love or Jane. It sure feels like it, at least.
Dum-E looks up for a moment before diving back into the refrigerator. U pokes him in the sides again.
“I look okay?” he asks. Johnny just stares for a few more seconds before shaking his head.
“Which is why I’m here, because right now Peter’s dying and we, together, are the only ones who can save him.”
The bag hits Miles’ face, but not painfully so. He rolls his eyes at the failure of catching it and opens up the bag, only to find what seems like the latest version of the Stark Phone in there.
The moment the doors open, Cap pushes inside without hesitation, calling out for Mr. Stark before Peter can even walk in. Peter waits for a few more seconds, trying to calm himself down. Then he looks up at the ceiling.
“You like it?” Yaël asked after Wade reacted fake-insulted by bringing his hand to his mouth.
“It’s Everett,” the man counters.
“That thief is not even from this kingdom, the only kingdom. That’s sure. Now, let me look at this girl’s eyes.” Yaël watched herself took a step back out of shock. Lopt looked at her confusedly. The guard grabbed her arm and pulled the fabric away with his other hand. When the memory-Yaël looked down, the guard roughly tilted her head so she was forced to look the king in his eyes.
Immediately, a warmth passes over Peter, originating from the suit. Though shuddering through the cold, Peter feels an immediate relief now that he’s no longer freezing.
Oh no, Tony could slam his face against the wall. Steve is
“I just… it’s not really ‘adopting’ since I
He didn’t just pretend that he was scared and nervous to keep Tony’s guard down.
“Thank you,” Mr. Stark returns, before shaking his head. Peter bites his lip a bit harder, trying to look everywhere but at the man in front of him – his
“Can’t say I didn’t see it coming, though,” Tony adds.
“Let’s skip the travelling-part, shall we? Nothing interesting happens here, you know… We just walk into the city and leave Raido at the walls, get cloaked, sneak into the backyard of the castle and get in by using the door that’s only used by the lower servants.”
“Don’t feel so well? Yaël, you look like you’re going into an attack, this didn’t happen in this memory…” He pulled off the piece of fabric she had bound around her head to cover her eyes.
Oh, he’s talking fast. That means he’s in a really bad mood right now. Peter just shakes his head towards Steve, telling him that he shouldn’t bother anymore today. Then he mouths ‘I’ll take care of him’ towards him before nodding to the door. Steve gives him a sad look, but then turns around to Tony’s bedroom to grab his stuff.
Tony gives him a long look before nodding. Letting go of Peter completely after giving him a kiss on the forehead, Tony jumps back into the suit, waiting for Johnny to give his instructions. It lasts about ten minutes before the last of the fire is down completely, but it’s fascinating to watch Johnny walking back inside, flaming on and surrounded by it as well. It’s almost hard to distinguish him.
“I need to go,” Tony says, pulling away from Steve to take his shirt back.
It’s not like it has sentimental value in it, or anything like that. He just finds it a good song; it’s catchy, it’s got some good vibes, and it helps him relax a little bit as he stands in a full train on his way back to Queens.
“Fine, I’ll go to sleep,” he mutters. “Though, in my defense, education is expensive!”
“I’m doing fine, Dad,” Peter says, understanding what he’s asking. “Harry’s going to school now. It’s actually quite funny, because he’s got the biggest crush on MJ, and she’s being completely awkward around him.”
“I’m sure you do,” Charles mutters before looking at the other three. “Would you please excuse us?”
“No but- uh… yeah? Maybe? I mean, is it possible that, somehow, the person who went back just… hasn’t gone already? Crap, this sounds weird.” Tony slams the journal against his head while he tries to get his thoughts in order.
“Huh, how so?” Eddie asks, confused.
strong, that much is clear, but still more than a normal human should be.
Peter rolls his eyes. The other kid snorts, but doesn’t speak as he sits down at the breakfast table. Carefully, Peter takes a hold of the girl’s arms, pulling her loose from Tony to get her to eat breakfast. She, in turn, grabs Tony’s hand and pulls him along.
And Tony hides behind the screen while the first sounds of trumpets starts playing, along with the drums that try to announce his arrival. He knows Steve recognizes the song instantly, and he wishes he could see his reaction. He takes comfort in the fact that he’ll see it afterwards on TV.
It takes five more minutes of talking about superhero-names before Peter finally takes his leave, and after that he takes the little Vespa to return back to the pizzeria. The place is already closed, but he knows where to park the thing so it’s not that much of an issue. Though, he’s sure Aunt May wouldn’t like the fact that he hadn’t told her where he’d been.
It’s weird, going to a wedding with no formal wear with them. Thor apparently insisted on them wearing Asgardian gowns, so nobody really brought anything along. Mostly, everybody’s just curious as to what they get to wear.
“PETER!!”
At last, the door opens one last time. Natasha walks in, but she’s looking behind her, talking to somebody. Peter leans forward, trying to catch a glimpse of who it is. The person in question seems to hesitate, though, lingering in the doorway.
It must be the smallest dossier in the history of dossiers, sinceYaël didn’t seem to get the right to learn about herself. Professor X had told her that they’d all work together to help her with her missing memories.
Neither is he mentioning the thousands of subtle glances the two adults here are giving each other. They’re like lovestruck teenagers, and Peter is almost ready to run out of the room from the frustration they’re creating.
“The moment he returns, I’ll give him a piece of my mind, right Dum-E?” Peter mutters as he fumbles around with two screwdrivers, tightening two metal plates together for current project.
“I don’t need advice,” Peter assures her. “I don’t even need anybody to listen. I’ve been telling about my problems for days now… I just- I want it to be over…”
“Steve,” she hissed in a dangerous tone that made Steve look panicked, “I swear that if you are going to keep this from everyone, I’m going to visit Tony, even though he doesn’t like me. If the church is really more important than the one you’re in love with, then break up already, because- because…, fuck you!” Okay, her comeback wasn’t that great, but Steve seemed to understand the message. He looked a bit hurt for a second.
going to ‘mentor’ Wade freaking Wilson!
“Alright, enough of that, let’s get to the next class.”
“Tony and you…you’re going to be the death of me one day.”
Should he…? He knows he wants to try it, but what if Mr. Stark comes in and sees him?
” FRIDAY responds anyway.
Also, yeah, I glossed over Peter reacting to the Infinity War-stuff, but that's mostly because he hasn't processed it yet. The actual realization for it will come in an upcoming chapter.
!” a voice shouts. That’s Peter.
“As if! He’s dating the biggest potty-mouth of them all!” Happy, too, laughs. Pepper just gives Tony another glare, but Tony ignores it by simply looking outside.
“I need you to believe me, Steve,” Tony begs. Instead of talking more, he puts up all the other stuff he can find. Video footage of them at the gala, an interview with the Avengers, taken when Iron Man rejoined the team again officially. The footage of the aftermath of the (second) infinity war…
“You’re eating his supper, aren’t you?” The woman crossed her arms.
- Not much else, I think
me, Rogers! Did you know?”
Peter frowns for a moment, only lightly recalling that, indeed, his mother used to work for Oscorp after leaving Stark Industries. She hadn’t been working there for very long, but apparently long enough to earn herself a safe.
“This is about as far as I can go,” Mary says. “Richard and I share a lot, but beyond this point I’m not allowed to go.”
she assures him. They all but throw themselves towards the door, hearing the collision behind them. It sounds like a lot of destruction. A quick look behind them, and Peter can see flames.
Because that’s now actually a thing. Apparently, the date went well. Harry’s been in seventh heaven the entire school day, talking about how amazing it is to kiss her, or how soft her skin feels underneath his fingers. Peter and Ned just smirk at each other while rolling their eyes each time he brings it up.
“So, what’chadoing here?” she asked him. Peter told her he got nervous. Just for having the balls to admit his nervousness while standing next to Captain America, Yaël gave Peter some extra respect-points in her head.
“Hold on!” Tony shouts, stumbling as he pulls up his shorts. He grunts when he falls down on the ground. Steve laughs, but helps him back on his feet.
He remembers. It’s a look he got from Gwen when he broke up with her that first time. It’s the look he got from Gwen’s brothers, when Peter said goodbye. It’s the look he got from Tony when he announced that Steve wasn’t coming back.
“He told me himself,” she returns with a heavy breath, quickly avoiding the swing of his hand but with her eyes clearly opened wide, apparently shocked that he would try and punch back. She lifts up her leg to throw in another kick, but Peter’s senses kick in after that and he grabs her foot instead, lifting it up until she falls down on her back. “Are you, like, extremely deformed underneath that mask?”
“It’s about time for me to get rid of you, isn’t it?” The Goblin hisses at him. Peter grits his teeth together and turns his head to the side. There’s no witty comeback coming from him, only grunts and wishes that somebody quickly comes to his help. Normally he would have taken care of the Goblin himself, but whatever he’s done to his back… holy crap, this hurts like hell!
have been right. Of course, his way of explaining it to him leaves much to be desired.
Everybody nods, and people start scattering around. Natasha and Sam go to join Sif, Hilde and Okoye, while Bucky goes to talk with T’Challa. He’s not always being a brat with the other Avengers, he can be serious sometimes, too.
“You know, I had this crazy sudden urge to go fishing in Washington today. Had even bought a little boat and some fishing equipment, invited Rhodey along but of course he was on another mission with the president after that SHIELD-stuff and all,” Stark had started, walking up towards the bed to take a look at the charts. “What are the odds, though, of me finding this dinner plate on the bottom of the lake?”
“Ah, you thought I wouldn’t know? My hearing is better than normal, and the nurses talk. Of course I know about everything.”
"Hand me yours. I'm sure that'll be faster than that piece of crap."
keep anything quiet from his aunt. Except, you know, being a superhero, of course. So he just drops the journal he’s holding and hands it out to Aunt May after folding the corner.
signature…
“You have the
He doesn’t think; all he does is pressing the number, and then quickly putting his thumb on the green button. When he puts the device against his ear, he breathes out heavily when he hears the line going over.
Yaël noticed there was no cage this time, she was free to move, probably because she broke it last time. Wait, that’s not logical at all, because it was a dream. But dreams never had any logic, did they? And where were all the other people by the way? Why were they in the last dream but not in this one? Would this guy have something to do with it?
It goes on for a lot longer after that, the both of them just shouting their frustrations at each other; Peter mostly for the lack of understanding from his condition, in combination of his father’s. Yaël mostly from the lack of support she’s gotten from him – and Peter really had no idea she took the news of being extraterrestrial so badly. The way she spoke about it in the past always made it seem like she didn’t care that much.
Of course, that doesn’t last long.
Tony frowns, turning around to see the door opening. Charles probably saw it coming, probably heard whoever it was before they even made to open the door. But coming inside is Wade Wilson, dressed in his normal clothing. The hood of his sweatshirt is pulled up over his head, and his hands are hidden in his pockets.
As soon as she saw the cage around her, she knew she was having that weird dream again. This was the third night on a row. Yaël looked around, but she already knew what she’d see.
Until, eventually, somebody around Peter’s age decides to ask what’s wrong.
to know about our sex life?” Tony gets out hoarsely, his voice shaking whenever Steve gives him a slap on the back to make sure he doesn’t suffocate. Tony’s face, too, is almost completely red.
Tony lands in front of the building. Pulling back the suit, he starts walking forward to get to the door.
“Tony, you know that won’t happen,” Steve assures him. Tony shakes his head and makes a wave with his hands to shut him up.
“Who are they?” he asks. Natasha smirks.
,” Steve says.
“Holy shit…” Yaël mumbled. That sounded like no good news at all.
“But what if he did?” Tony counters. Steve sighs, shuffling closer until Tony’s face is safely against Steve’s neck. “What if he doesn’t want me in his life?”
hang out, though strictly only as friends, of course.
Steve turns to Tony. Tony turns to Steve. Steve grins, and Tony’s eyes go wide.
“I don’t think many teenagers are able to say that they’ve had bomb shards in their shoulder,” she jokes while poking the fifth shard out. There are about six more, and lucky for him she sedated him enough not to feel the pain.
Tony glares at him, but he keeps his comments to himself. He shouldn’t insult the guy, not when he’s only barely gotten Peter out of trouble.
- T'Challa is a good bro, but also a sneaky little shit
“Why?” Peter complains.
They get to the bridge. There’s the usual amount of people there, though what they’re supposed to be doing Tony doesn’t really know. The first person he comes across is Maria Hill, who just nods at Steve, eyes Tony curiously, but gets back to her work without asking questions.
Tony hums, pulling up the security images and finding only blurs of a light-haired person in black skin-tight suits. She’s pretty much how Peter described her, but it’s not much to go on. Facial recognition won’t be possible in this case.
“AND NOW TO SHAKE THINGS UP, WE’RE NOT GOING FOR JUST TWO GUESTS. NO, THIS SUPERFAMILY IS NOT COMPLETE WITHOUT THE ADDITION OF THEIR SUPER-SON, GIVE A WARM WELCOME FOR PETER STARK!”
have sex together? At least that’s a relief, somehow.
Natasha, though, is on a whole different level. Since the beginning, he hasn’t managed to even spot her a little bit; it’s as if she’s not here at all, though Peter’s sure he’s heard her laugh once or twice right after he gets hit. In agreement with Wanda, he’s made it his personal mission to get her, one way or another.
Steve’s heart is beating, faster than it should be. Tony’s on the floor? There’s blood? Was there a fight in the tower? Steve gets out of bed to check his computer, see if there’s anything about an attack on the news.
Yeah, wait a minute, she had nothing to do with this. Wade probably just pulled her along because running away from Logan all by himself bored him.
is able to help him. More than Tony helped him, at least. Then again, Tony barely helped him since it’s because of him that he even was at that airport in Leipzig.
Wanda smiles, and then nods to somewhere behind Peter. The boy turns around, seeing the man and the woman look back at him. The woman smiles, a few steps behind the man. She’s got her hands on her hips, and that smirk that feels somehow familiar to Peter, but he can’t really place it.
Steve nodded. Okay, so it was actually no wonder she had been out for such a long time. How the hell did she survive that?! She should’ve been dead! Or at least scarred for life!
“Or maybe she was the worst? Oh my God, was the sex lousy? Was she all moans but no action? Were the boobs fake? The bra filled with socks? Was she hairy all over? With all that blonde hair, the moustache isn’t always easy to fi-”
, and that’s okay. Because this is not your fault at all.”
You need to get something from my Dad’s lab!”
“Sometimes it helps to share with friends,” Natasha offers.
- Peter makes wrong choices
“I don’t think that will be necessary, I can stop it,” he says, though a bit hesitantly. Everybody looks at him, seeing him stand there uneasily. For a second, Peter wonders what he’s so afraid of.
“Okay, uh, I don’t mind sharing. I’m sure Nat won’t mind, either.” Clint reaches for the cornflakes. Harry pushes it his way.
“Honey, I’ve worn many things in my life, but
expect us to believe that Tony Stark himself created a robot he later on called ‘Dummy’, and that said bot then in turn managed to
So after lots of trouble, he manages to escape from all the drunken fans, and hurries back to his tree where he grabs his backpack. Somewhere secluded, he changes back into his normal clothing. Then, with the promise of actual fun coming his way, Peter hurries back inside.
“Awesome!” Then she grabs his hand and pulls a pen, scribbling down words on his skin. With eyes focused on what she’s writing, Peter feels a whole sense of
Hearing Tony Stark cry from happiness is not something Peter would have ever expected to happen, yet it does. Peter smiles.
.” She shoves the phone in their direction, and puts the device on Peter’s lap. On it, a video starts playing. Though it’s shaky and pixelated, obviously recorded by a phone that zoomed in a lot, Peter recognizes what happens immediately.
So he stays put, and when they
Fury raises his brow. “I’m surprised.”
“’llo?” Peter asks curtly, knowing that his discomfort might be obvious through the line of the phone. He doesn’t care.
“They spotted Rumlow. The team is going out again,” she states. Tony’s face falls then, and Peter, too, feels disappointment going through him. That would mean that Steve would be leaving as well… And Wanda, too?
“After a while, we didn’t hear from him again – nobody did. It was as if he’d disappeared completely from the world.”
. Strange’s face pales then, and he walks back to Peter to get rid of any calling devices. Right when he’s about to rip the mask from Peter’s head, the teenager jumps back, shaking his head.
Peter just stares, eyes red.
Peter wonders what’s happening here? Happy is still behind them, giving Pepper a small nod with, uh, red cheeks? Pepper, too, smiles at him and touches his arm as she greets him. Peter wants to watch, to see what’s going on there, but then he’s pushed inside and finds himself in a very light, open room.
“Oh, please, don’t tell me about
“I have a few tricks up my sleeve,” she mutters out, giving him a small grin. Then, all of the sudden, somebody shouts outside.
“Eh, my name is Jeremy,” The guy answered awkwardly.
Tony shrugs with a smirk.
Everything started flashing, colors were mixing and then everything turned black. It took a few seconds for Yaël to adjust to the darkness of her own bedroom. She was soaked. Her breathing became difficult and she started coughing through it. Moving felt like she was a boat in a storm. After finally getting out of bed, she fainted. When she woke up again everything was even worse. She tried crawling towards the bathroom, but fainted again. Somehow she finally reached a bin, which she clenched onto.
“Shit! I need to leave now if I want to see Steve!” Peter almost shouts out. He jumps up, closing the drawer and throwing the arc reactor back in his bag. He refuses the shake U prepared for him, and digs his way through Butterfinger’s and Dum-E’s loving ‘cuddles’.
Which is weird, in a way, since usually it’s Tony who designs places.
Right now, Tony is taking deep breaths to keep himself from crying spontaneously. He doesn’t even know what’s wrong, he’s just feeling so… down. And it happens, sometimes. It’s not like the antidepressants just fix everything and make him super happy all the time. And so far, he’s managed to shield it away from Steve. But right now… it’s just as if it’s all just too much at the same time.
“Iron Man, I’ve been invited by Captain Rogers to join the Avengers Initiative,” Tony says, holding out his hand to greet her. He wonders if this version of Sharon also hates him?
With that, the conversation is over. They don’t bring it up again after Peter’s bought his new phone. Even after he got the new controller for the Playstation, he feels better about not mentioning Spider-Man or the Black Cat again.
“I- I can’t,” he admits. “I have the internship now, and then Tony wanted to watch a movie together – you know, the awkward ‘we’ve just discovered we’re related and now we want to bond’- bonding time.”
“There’s that old guy in the restaurant, with his moustache!” Wade says pointlessly. Peter doesn’t bother to explain that he didn’t need an answer to that question.
What do you give the person that can buy everything?
“I’m going to fix this mess inside.”
He keeps the crutches until he’s in the workshop. After that, he loses them, dropping them on the ground. He greets his three bots and Peter’s (which is probably only
“Peter, I can’t breathe,” he says, and Peter lets go. After loosening his limbs again, Tony hands Peter the keys to the car. “Here you go.”
“You one of those one-night-stand-girls, then? No strings attached?” Peter said as he pulled away one of his hands and put it behind his head, so he could look at her.
Loki rolled his eyes. “It’s called surviving. I’m leaving now.”
But his eyes don’t agree, and Peter quickly holds out his hand, ready to shoot some webs in Harry’s face as a first defense. He just needs to get out.
“Peter, you’re leaving again?” Tony asks, hurt and worry obvious in his voice. Peter looks back at him, giving him a light smile.
That wonder, that confusion in Felicia’s voice. Peter’s not sure if she’s actually that naïve, or if she’s faking it. If she is, she’s a really good actress, but nobody can really be this innocent, can they?
“How long have we been fishing?” Yaël asked her dad, as they were both sitting next to the lake. The moon was shining upon them, it’s refection danced in the water.
“Why didn’t you ever tell me about it?” Peter asks, then. It’s something really big to carry along all the time, so he’s a bit surprised that, of all people, Harry hasn’t come clean about this earlier. Harry’s never been shy about his feelings, after all.
“You’re leaving?” Steve asks. Peter just shrugs.
“Listen, whatever I did, I’m pretty sure I can explain?” Tony tries to defend himself. While his brain is processing all the changes that are happening today, he can only come to one conclusion; the battle against that Mordo-guy brought him somewhere he shouldn’t be. It’s pretty much a miracle that Tony didn’t have a full-out panic attack the moment he came here. He’s not at all keen of interdimensional travel.
ever bothered to make her a legal US citizen, Steve.”
“When are you leaving?” Tony asks. Natasha looks at her phone before sighing.
“It’s for you, the gold-eyed goddess.” Korg kept on translating like the woman was talking about the weather.
“Tony, if that’s alright with you some of the nurses will take Peter along for the MRI?”
“We haven’t broken up, Tony.”
“I’m sorry, Peter!” Tony shouts at him. Peter doesn’t mind. His dad has to do what needs to be done. Peter barely has time to respond to crashing against the wall, breaking a whole lot of expensive equipment. Before he knows it, Steve grabs his arms and restrains his movement. Peter grunts in his attempts to break free, but Steve is persistent.
“Hey, Captain Handsome!” somebody says from the side. Steve turns around from his breakfast, finding Darcy walking up to them with that usual smirk on her face. When she sits down next to him, a tad bit too close for Steve’s taste, she leans her head on her hand and blinks up at him.
When Yaël heard someone yell: “We’re going through the Devil’s Anus!” through the hallways, she turned her head and stared to the window once again. An enormous vortex was right in front of them and seemed to grow bigger as it pulled and then finally swallowed the spaceship.
Mr. Stark raises his eyebrow, but he doesn’t move at all. His elbow is on his leg, and he’s leaning forward a bit. His fingers are no longer bound together – though Peter is sure they shouldn’t be out of their bandages so soon.
“Complicated?! You wanted to rule over the earth, so you made a deal with Thanos, who’d help you out to do that and then you lured me into your plan! It was a complete selfish action, Loki!”
Peter just goes on. He returns to school, his old suit in his bag but not aching to use it immediately. He’s pulled into the principal’s office, gets his well-deserved scolding before being allowed back to class. Nothing more than just detention for the following few weeks until they decide it’s enough. At least he’s not expelled.
“If you’re here to give me another speech: just don’t. You don’t want to bore the kid, after all!” He says. Next to Peter, Steve rolls his eyes but still marches towards Mr. Stark in long strides. Peter just hurries after him, already unbuttoning his shirt and reaching for Mr. Stark’s newest invention.
It’s familiar, putting on the old suit. Peter is greeted by Karen’s cheerful voice once more, getting the message that he needs to wait so the suit can install some updates. Peter resists the need to roll his eyes at that; he would have thought his Dad would make things that didn’t need so many updates, no?
“I’m-“ he begins, but then he starts coughing, his sentence dying on his tongue. Steve quickly puts his hand behind Tony’s back and pushes him forward until he’s sitting up. Then he gently taps his back.
But he is, especially when suddenly a note is dropped in front of him with on it a very badly made drawing. It’s mostly stick-figures, but the names on top reveal enough.
CHAPTER WARNINGS
“I conceived the idea that you’re not really used to annual parties or birthday presents. I believe you Helvegians celebrate life with food and company, don’t you?” Yaël nodded a bit flabbergasted. “Good, then please accept my and Steve’s company, a pint and these cookies the rest of the evening.”
Steve’s eyes start getting wet from tears. Tony caresses his cheek gently, giving him a small smile.
news!
“Holy shit, Steve?” Tony agrees to Peter’s point.
Loki looked up at the bolder and grinned through his messy hair. “What a shame for the Grandmaster that he missed the opportunity to see more of your excellent fighting,” he smirked.
“I’m not suicidal, you know…”
To be fair, Peter’s sure Tony took that into account, which is why they’re flying in two separate quinjets, but… yeah, even with May’s constant fussing over him, Rhodey’s attempts of distracting him by playing cards, Steve’s calm stories of whatever crazy thing that happened back with the Howling Commandos to even Clint’s failing jokes, Peter’s about ready to start crawling up the walls.
I'm sorry it took so long to bring this chapter, even more sorry that it's such a short one. I had figured a long while ago that this one wouldn't be as long, but the fact that I took a month-long holiday to the States kind of pulled me out of the groove of writing. But I've found it again, and I intent on finishing this one as quickly as possible!
“Guys, you can’t be serious,” Steve interjects with red cheeks. Yeah, he feels pretty embarrassed about it all, but that’s Steve for you. The only thing that makes this mostly horrible for Tony is the fact that their slightly sex-averse son had to find them in that position. And that after the whole demisexual-discussion they’ve had to completely understand how their son really worked.
“Sounds cool,” Peter assures him. “We’re going to the theaters? Or at the Tower?”
it stung so much. It just did.
“Alright, uh, thanks for notifying me Pepper. I’ll come by after school.”
and he could easily find them if he wants to, but he respects their wishes to stay away.
. How is it that they’ve come to this? Only two weeks ago, the three of them had been at the tower, Steve reading a book, Tony on his tablet, with Peter lying in between them, his head on Tony’s lap and his legs over Steve’s thighs. Working on his own stuff on his tablet, the three had spent their evening like this.
“Yaël!” Steve and Peter yelled at her in unison. They both blushed a bit, which would make them even a better father-son duo. Would that make Peter, like, her brother? Oh, man, these two men were taking over her mind.
“NO IT’S STEVE’S SO CALL HIM AND APOLOGIZE!”
“I think you can use some fresh air.”
Eventually he does. It falls out from his hands, hovering into the air for a few short seconds until another figure appears. Tony reaches out for it immediately, getting figure a little bit smaller than him in front of him. Tony takes a deep breath at the warm feeling he’s getting while looking at him.
“WADE,” she yelled at him once he fully got out and stood up.
“Just talk to him. If he already knows, he won’t be as shocked as you expect him to be.”
- kind of sexually confused Peter
“Exactly,” he says, then. Steve is glad that they have each other.
“You’re laughing, and you know it.”
He can hear her. She’s breathing slightly faster than normal. He can distinguish the low cursing she’s letting out. She’s struggling, probably trying to get out of the bindings she’s currently in. Is it an act from Venom? Or is it really her?
“Whoa, this is so weird!” he complains. When he’s pushed out of suspension, he smashes against Hulk and Thor – man, these guys never really catch a break, do they? Peter doesn’t pay attention to them, instead just leaning up a bit to face the Cap-man. “Whoa, what is that thing?” he asks, wishing his voice wouldn’t squeak that much.
“Well how do you want to do this, then? Wanna get on my back? Or should I hold you in an embrace like Iron Man does with Cap?” he jokes along, and Hawkeye, too, starts laughing. It’s a stupid comment, though, because Iron Man doesn’t hold Cap any differently than he would with anybody else. It’s just because he’s just seen it happen a few minutes ago that he brings it up.
Pepper didn’t mind. Tony was back, and for now the relationship seemed stronger than ever. So they went to galas, had interviews. They even allowed in a TV-show that take a look at celebrities’ self-designed houses. Pepper saved that episode, unbelieving of how happy she was having Tony back with her.
But there were days when Aunt Peggy asked him to come over. Mostly it was another attempt of hers to make him get along with her kids, but everybody knew that they never really got along. So while his cousins were off playing whatever they found interesting to play with, Tony asked for stories.
“Mr. Stark, it’s good to see you awake again,” Dr. Cho says, though sounding anything but happy. She gives him a soft glare. “We weren’t too sure we were going to get you to wake up again.”
“I don’t know what happened, but five minutes afterwards Ned ran out with him. For a second I thought they were going to confess their love for each other like in a dramatic teenage movie.”
Then something small, glowing, flies into the large hand.
But as soon as he sits down on his seat in the plane, before Tony can even speak, his phone goes off. Stupid, stupid, stupid! Could it be possible that Tony has ever heard his ringtone before? Peter hopes not.
For a few hours, the two work on it, discussing on their agreements with the changes, and adding the things they would change as well. There’s not much Tony can remark on it. The only things he mostly wants changed is the rules on minors, who shouldn’t be allowed to sign as long as they’re not considered adults.
“SIX? And lose that much time?”
“Well, I told her that I showed my homework to Francis to have him check it out, but then Dum-E put it away somewhere when he cleared my desk so I forgot about it, but then she thought that I was just making it up because who would call their robot Dummy and-“
“It’s artsy,” Peter answered a bit doubtful. He looked so uncomfortable that Yaël automatically threw him a wide grin. She stood up to get her box of pizza and planted her butt on the couch again with her feet on the small table in front of her.
Wade stayed for the rest of the morning. They watched a few episodes of their series and made some arrangements for the night. Yaël quickly ate some soup, shooed Wade away and went to work again. She had to go Mr. and Mrs. Thompson again, so that was great! Would they have made some cookies again? While walking to the old couple’s house, she took her phone.
“No,” she answered a bit dryly. That Tony guy was following her around. First with Peter, now with Steve. What’s up with that guy? Yaël was sure she had to meet him, he must be extremely handsome and good-hearted as everyone seemed to like him somehow.
“Yeah, I’ve been in a commercial once when I was a kid,” he lies. It’s a stupid lie, because it’s possible one of these idiots will be looking for proof. “Nothing special, though, you can’t even find it on YouTube.”
They’re eight hours into their flight when Tony wakes up again. His neck is stiff, and he could really use a little walk, so he gets up. One small look through the little windows, and Tony sees they’re still above the ocean. He decides not to disturb the pilot. Just a quick little visit to the bathroom.
“Can Peter even have the MRI? Doesn’t he have that device in his head for his hearing?” Steve asks calmly. Bruce frowns slightly, turning to Tony who shrugs.
When Steve returns, he holds up a small white piece of paper that indicates they’re allowed to stay here inside a specific amount of time. Steve puts it on the dashboard before closing the car. After making sure it’s locked, Tony allows for Steve to take his hand again. They start walking towards the large building that counts as Otto’s workshop and house at the same time, though if Tony has to believe Peter’s description, it’s probably more workshop than house.
It’s a field full of bodies. Corpses of people that have been trying their best to keep their world free. Face empty, eyes open wide, mouth loose. Never will they speak again. No more words will come rolling over their lips. Tony didn’t know all of these people personally, but he's sure that they're one of the bravest persons in the world..
“You don’t remember him?” he asked when he saw her frown. Yaël shook her head.
Thank you all for the sweet comments. You're all a bunch of sweethearts! Here you go, the next chapter. This one came out of my fingers quickly, though the next one was HELL to write. Filler chapters, am I right? :')
“You wish, horny-boy.” Yaël answered dryly.
“Uh, more than a month, dude,” Peter returns. Wade slaps his forehead before Johnny comes hanging over his shoulder.
“You’re welcome, nephew of mine,” Aaron returns.
“Sure, though bet you for ten dollars that it’s going to be about that ring I just spotted there,” Tony says, pointing at the jewel wrapped around the woman’s finger of her left hand. Pepper looks down at the hand in question, seeming a bit taken aback by his response.
Natasha shakes her head and puts a finger on Hilde’s mouth to shut her up.
“Stay put, I’ll open it up,” he says. Peter nods, continuing his scrolling through his cellphone. Ned, too, doesn’t seem to pay too much attention. “Yeah, they’re on the couch. Just get in. Peter, your friends are here.”
Yeah, no, afraid that Yaël would accidentally convert them as well and accidentally start a Norse cult, they all stay clear, and she doesn’t have to bother with the drama.
“I couldn’t leave him alone on Christmas now, could I?” she asks, as if it’s obvious. Tony stutters out an answer, but nothing really comes out. “C’mon, Tony. He’s not the same guy. You know that, right?”
“What? Why?”
Is that Rhodey? Peter thought he wasn’t in New York? That he went back home for revalidation…?
“I’m here,” he agrees. “I’m going to take care of you, now, okay?”
When his light blue eyes meet Peter’s, they both gasp.
“Great,” one of the guards mumbled. The other one snickered. “Okay, whatever, Audun, you go check on the library guards and place new ones, I’ll bring those two to the king.”
That’s why she has the best room in the building. It has the perfect view. It’s not too hot in the summer, but also not too cold during the winter. The heating works perfectly here, and the staff is considered amongst the best in Washington.
Neither man sees Peter opening his eyes for a few seconds, but then closing them again with a smile on his face.
“Come on, come on,” Yaël mumbled to herself, trying to weaken Hela quicker.
True to his word, Tony did not say anything. But they both got a very enjoyable evening out of it, so it’s not really a wasted attempt.
There’s just one more secret, but at least the biggest one is revealed.
They mourned together, but while Aunt May managed to pick up work at the hospital again, Peter found an anger inside himself that he couldn’t contain. He started training on his powers, tried to get to know them. He built his web-shooters, put together a suit with the limited knowledge he had, and set off to search for any criminal that fit the description of his uncle’s murderer.
Yaël should never be in a relationship, this wasn’t how it worked, this wasn’t how she worked. She couldn’t be bound to this person, could she? It felt like something was wrapped around her throat, but Yaël knew it was purely panic. The only thing she could give this person was disappointment.
Go to a party, Johnny said.
Of course some people had noticed Yaël and Loki walking out of the shower-department together and splitting their ways afterwards. In the following hours, she got stared at and heard gossips coming from all around her. To what fucking planet did she have to move to not get stared at?
As usual, they work together. Wanda stays at Peter’s side to help him out, but she’s relieved by Steve after a while, who doesn’t take his usual place at the couch but comes where Wanda had been seated. Peter doesn’t mind the extra hands he’s offering, so he’s not saying anything about it.
The Compound isn’t the same anymore.
“Yeah, Steve told me.”
“Don’t play games, what do you know?” Yaël took another step closer and pointed at her sister. She was inwardly raging. Nilla tilted her head a bit.
The report comes in through mail, and once Peter opens it he sees almost everything that’s been written down on Harry Osborn’s recovery. At first, he wonders if he should be allowed to see this, but the first thing he comes across is a written note from Harry himself saying that he consents on letting Peter see these things.
“It’s been a while,” he mutters out. Steve snorts.
-	How did you even know what I was thinking? Dude, so if I shoot you in the head, you still won’t die? I had a lovely date with X a few days ago and worked long shifts after that, but I think your life has been a bit more adventurous in the past few days. See you tomorrow, moron. Xoxo.
Eventually he stands up, pulling out random clothes from his closet that probably don’t even fit, and then replacing his jacket with his favorite hoodie instead. The thing is close to falling apart, of course, with more holes than anything else, but it’s always been something he wore whenever he felt particularly bad. Today is one of those days, obviously.
Leaving a shocked Natasha behind him, Tony exits the house at last. Speeding almost immediately, Tony hurries away from the road, wanting to be away from here as quickly as possible.
Raido had told her that the Royal Library was the most important room in the whole building, for all the secrets of whole Helvegen were written and kept there.
with that, Steve! I just learned I have a sixteen-year-old son! How do you think I’m feeling?”
“That name supposed to ring any bell to me, or…?”
“Is there anybody else at the compound qualified for this?” he asks.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He just leans forward to kiss Tony’s cheek before resting his head on top of his. Silently, the three continue watching their move. Peter falls asleep before the first hour has passed.
“Just sit still, my hands aren’t as steady as they used to be!”
“Kind of,” he answered dryly. “She touched it and it somehow disappeared into her. Her body sucked up the stone, I would never believe it would be possible if I hadn’t seen it with my own two eyes.” The king sighed “Back in the day, Cem, her father, was one of my best guards, so I put him onto the job to guard the stone. One day his wife, Agostina, brought him some lunch. Of course she had to bring that spawn of hell with her. The kid touched it, the stone turned into some kind of liquid and just ran into Yaël’s skin. Gone was the stone.”
I have yet to watch Infinity War (tomorrow), but I'm glad I got to finish the story before I went to see it. Sadly, I didn't get to make my own two deadlines (being the 25th and the 27th) due to my lack of realization that I work in a hospital and don't have the freaking time to write as much as in the weekends!
“You’ve got something on your mind, kid?” Mr. Stark suddenly asks, startling Peter and breaking him out of his train of thought. He wants to deny it, to say that he’s alright, but he knows he would be lying. Is it now that he should tell him? Is it the right time to admit it?
- deppression
“Nothing, just talk English to him-“
us and humanity.”
Yaël got up, readying herself. Okay, so this was what she had been training for. She had to use al the techniques she had discovered and throw them into this battle.
Tony turns to look at Bruce, who shrugs. Then he gives Peter a nod.
Sam snorts. “He might enjoy a Spa-day if a certain super soldier is to join him,” he says with a wink. In return, he gets a punch in the arm from said super soldier.
“Nah, better to just leave him be,” Tony says. He winks at Peter, grin still wide on his lips.
His head looked like an enormous raisin. It didn’t bother her though. She guessed she was used to worse, but she wouldn’t know.
“So, what, Peter runs out of drugs and turns all Kill Bill on people?” Sam asks. Natasha leans forward to take the bottle and read the name on it.
“Not really. I’m tired of being angry, you know,” Yaël sighs, clapping her hands together once and leaning her elbows on her legs. “I just- it’s not like I’ve got many friends to begin with. It would be stupid of me to push the ones I have away to begin with.”
“Ah, isn’t he just the greatest?” Sharon calls out, turning back towards Steve and giving him a sad look. “Too bad everybody here hates him. I’ve been trying to get them to change their mind, but Tony’s just like a grumpy grandpa, if things don’t go the way he wants it he can get a bit… eccentric.”
Peter has enough of it. At first, he’s spending all his time in classes he’s quickly figuring out he’s too smart for, barely having any time for a break since he’s got to get to Stark Industries the moment he’s finished with school. There’s barely even time for him to patrol around as Spider-Man these days, since he often forgets himself and stays at SI long past his working hours.
There’s a hand touching his arm in comfort, and that’s when Peter breaks. Tears stream down his face, sobs escape his mouth. Peter keeps on shaking, even as Yaël is trying her best to comfort him.
“Practically, yeah,” Peter says, not knowing how to explain this, really. “I’ve been working with Mr. Stark. He’s building this new suit, and-“
to Peter. But now we do, and now we can, maybe, double our effort in trying to get him back, no?”
“You know, with good grades, there’s the better chance you’ll be accepted in better universities. I suppose your aunt only wants you to prepare yourself to get ready for college,” Dr. Cho says.
I am aware that I've practially finished the story with a cliffhanger. I'm not intending on writing the story of Peter vs. Octavius. I mostly added that last part because I felt it was stupid to bring up Octavius' experiment, but then never use him again in the story. Sure, I somehow felt the need to use him in that one chapter, but I never had planned an actual storyline with him.
The moment he presses a small button, the case opens up, suddenly revealing a whole new suit in bright red and blue.
start?
“Well, uh, yeah. What other Steve have I been associated with lately?” Tony jokes out. Couple of the year, bitches! Even though they’ve not really been acting like it for the past month or so.
“The first few months I got hold up a little with Asgardian stuff. But after that, I immediately contacted you-hold it!” Loki raised his hand with an arrogant flair when Yaël wanted to interrupt him. “But you were extremely foggy, not even remembering who I was. At first, that hurt me a little, but I understood that this way I could help you out without you distrusting me. So I helped you out with the memories-“
Peter bites his lip, realizing MJ is starting to walk up to him. “No, there isn’t,” he says weakly. When she’s standing right in front of him, she pulls up her polaroid and snaps a shot of him without warning him. After that, she starts laughing, taking a few steps back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We can’t all be super-geniuses, right?” Steve mutters against his mouth.
“Will do, good night, Dad. Good night, Steve.”
“Ten more minutes, sir,” Happy says. And Tony curses to himself, because why didn’t he take the suit with him? Sure, a visit to a local high school isn’t much reason to bring such a high-tech suit with him, but obviously, the occasion does arise. Especially with a son who is trying to be a superhero of his own.
“Are you Mary’s son?” The words escape from Tony’s mouth before he can think of it. The only person he knows of that has left his company to work for Oscorp is Mary, and that’s one person that he hasn’t heard of in a while. Probably because she completely shut herself off from his life. “Did she still marry that scientist? What was his name…? Richard?”
Watching series… wait, Yaël almost forgot! “Wade! Mc Dreamy died! What the actual f-“
Ned shrugs. “You convince him to do the DNA-test again? I’m sure he’ll believe you once he’ll get the truth.”
Tony nods. Peter lets out another long breath before closing his eyes.
“Hear about Hilde? Apparently she’s decided to head out at the end of the week,” Steve starts. Tony nods.
“I made myself comfortable on the couch.” Peter breathed out subtly after Steve said those words. Yaël looked at him. Oh, it was so clear he thought there was more going on between Steve and Yaël a moment ago, before Steve made clear that they slept apart. She wished she could show Peter how Steve was headstrong enough not to look at her nudeness just a few minutes ago.
He talks about it as if it’s just a fact that doesn’t matter too much. Mr. Stark looks at his hand, eyes seeming tired and ready to close to catch a long sleep. Peter doesn’t talk at all, deciding to let the man talk instead. He takes his first taste of the chocolate, noticing immediately that it’s not the best he’s tasted so far, but also not the worst. Somehow, the taste of coffee is strong in it, as if he actually spilled some coffee-powder in it.
Oh, shit. “Bruce, come here for a second,” Tony calls out. Bruce drops his tablet to the table and joins Tony behind the screen.
“This planet’s called He-“
After a long breath, Tony talks on.
much of a surprise.
- Mention of past depression
“Peter. He became seventeen last month,” he says proudly. Then he goes through his pocket and picks up a photograph. Tony knows which one it is; Peter is at the table in front of a large birthday cake. Steve and Tony are on Peter’s right, and May on his left. They’re all laughing, while the other Avengers are celebrating along.
Whatever Mr. Stark is saying, Peter opens his eyes to see them nearing Stark Tower once more. The Goblin is probably long gone, Peter doesn’t know really. Right now, all he wants is to feel the ground under his feet, to be safe within four walls, even if there’s a stupid clock ticking in his ears for the entire day.
“Fine.”
Peter sighs. He’s got even less inspiration, now. But Pepper starts up again.
“He won’t,” she says, sounding bored. “But I did want to show you
There’s much more; Iron Man Gauntlets, weapons for War Machine, armor for Cap. Peter has to admit that he finds himself impressed. On the other hand, he shouldn’t be too surprised, since this is Tony Stark they’re talking about.
Not that it needs a lot of fixing; sure, installing Karen back again would be great, but further than that Peter realizes he doesn’t need much else. Somehow, it already makes him stronger, more agile. Peter feels better than ever before because of it. However that could be, he knows he should question it. But to be honest, he couldn’t care less.
I also hadn't really thought about the fact that not everybody might know about what exactly encephalopathy is and what ties it has to acute liver failure. Mostly, because of the disfunction of the liver there are possible psychologic and neurologic problems coming up. The symptom of encephalopathy goes up into 4 stadiums, each one progressly worse, with the fourth one being coma. Because the liver can't do it's job, the blood can't really be 'cleaned'. I can go much further into detail with it, but I don't really know how to do that without throwing in my whole notebook :') Let's just say that Tony won't be completely there all the time, and it just gets worse.
“You’re incredible,” he mutters out. Tony just nods proudly.
“Whoa, calm down there, kiddo, you got some bomb-shards in your shoulder that we need to fish out, first.”
The ‘trainingroom’ had been a complete hell. The Chitauri had pushed her to use her powers and as soon as they noticed she didn’t know how these worked yet, they started pushing her buttons even more. First, they tried physical pain, knocking and kicking her until they had to bring her back to her room because she didn’t move anymore. After that, they tried mental torture. The Chitauri reconstructed Raido and Cem’s death somehow, she surely didn’t get how the technology worked, and made her watch it over and over again. But the more they tried getting to her, the more she started pushing back. With every hit they gave her, she escaped from the grip and stumped someone right in the face. Every time she saw the screens turn on, she closed her eyes and started singing loudly. Sometimes Loki walked in and watched it for a second, calmly, with his hands against his back, just to walk out again.
“No, I’m not going to calm down! Because somebody broke into my house, Steve! Somebody stole our son’s pass and bypassed security!”
“I’m…afraid…I’m…not…that…good… at dying.” By that time, Yaël had collected enough warmth from Hela’s body to shoot fire at her. Hela flew back and immediately climbed up again with a murderous look on her face.
Peter closes his eyes. There’s nothing left for him to do; he’s going to drown here, and that’s how it’s going to happen. He’s been a fool, way over his head…
“No, no way! After everything, I think you owe us
The silence is deafening. Peter has to use all the power in his body not to fall forward again from that massive ache in his chest. He wishes he could call May, but she forgot her phone in New Asgard. He knows this, she said so on the Quinjet, when they were back on their way here.
“Kind of unofficial. She took care of me when my parents didn’t. Or whenever Jarvis couldn’t.” Tony starts up the coffee machine again before leaving the room. Peter gives Steve a questioning look, seeing the super soldier standing there with his mouth open but clearly unable to say a word.
“Ah, c’mon, you know that you’ll always be my favorite girl,” he says with a wink.
“I know, before all this Infinity War-business, we had agreed that we’ll be preparing you to become a part of the team. But, lately… Tony and I have come to the agreement that maybe you’re not ready yet.”
“About an hour and half, sir. I fear you might catch a cold if you do not return inside.”
As if she’d just burn him, Peter pushes the Cat off, causing for her to complain in return.
“Eh, you know, I found myself with a lot of free time and I could use a break,” Mr. Stark then says. He leans forward to turn on the heating and then leans back in his seat. “Besides, I thought I would take you along for a little ride. I expect you could use some distraction, no?”
“Is that a panther?” Tony asks. T’Challa turns to look to where Tony is staring at. Then he nods.
does. But knowing the Captain, he surely won’t reveal it to him. Cap’s a trustworthy guy, and as far as he’s noticed, his friendship with Mr. Stark is, while weird, a close one.
Tony hands her the picture again. His left wrist moves with ease again. That’s good. So do his fingers. There’s no stiffness in them anymore.
“I’m going on patrol for a bit. I need some distraction,” he says.
“I love you, too. A whole lot.”
“I’m sorry to ask, but
“So, okay, I’m clearly still bad with air.” Yaël said without looking up. Stupid brush.
“Avengers, this is Iron Man,” Tony says.
Tony and Steve both look at the class in front of them, filled with confused new super-heroes. Most of them probably wondering what they did to deserve this. Then, suddenly, one of them raises his hand.
A quick turnaround, and Tony finds that Pepper is still standing there, having closed the door behind her after the last member of the board has walked off. Her fair hair is put up neatly, her make-up done so professionally Tony would almost think she’s about to head to a photoshoot.
“If you even cared, you’d actually be here.”
psychiatrist found dead in a hotel room, Tony suddenly understands that Steve
The Iron Man loads up the gun and points it at Peter. Out of reflex, he snatches it out of his hands with his webs. With a practiced movement, he pulls the gun away so it smashes the men on their heads. As a result, Iron Man and Cap drop down on the ground with a groan. The Thor then tries to land in an elbow-punch, but Peter catches it immediately, pushing the elbow back until the man’s fist punches the Hulk in the face instead. The two fall down on the ground with a grunt as well, though the Thor-man flies against the poster, breaking the glass that covers it.
What more could Tony want?
And she’s willing to go along with many jokes; making Clint believe he’s been in a coma for three years after a good night’s sleep, telling Tony that they saw Peter make out with Deadpool. The usual small pranks like hand buzzers and creative stuff with tomato sauce can also easily make her day.
Sitting up in the bed, Tony realizes he’s naked. He’s not in the penthouse, but in what seems like a hotel room. Clothes are scattered on the ground, accompanied by multiple bottles of… wine? Tony can’t tell from where he’s currently seated.
“Has anybody been in your bedroom lately?” Tony continues. Peter shakes his head in confusion. Who was the last person he took along inside his room?
understand why they would be necessary, given the accidents that have been happening in the past. But he knows Wanda doesn’t share that view. That’s why things have been so tense between her and Vision.
Tony finds himself staring at the rubble that was one the compound that took so long to build.
“Sakaar,” she said. “You dweebs accidentally took me with you during my holiday in Norway.” Thor chuckled with a grin and patted her shoulder roughly, though this time softer than before.
“I’m postponing being single again,” Tony answers sadly. His head goes down, chin resting against his chest and eyes closed. His hands are stuck in his pocket; his cellphone is turned off, and only an Avenger-emergency could turn it back on again.
“Right now?” he returns. “Nowhere, really.”
Steve, though... Steve’s a bit vaguer on the matter. Though he insists that he’s fine, nothing in his past few activities indicate that he’s been alright the entire time. But Peter isn’t asking about it.
“Maybe we can come to an arrangement,” Loki asked Hela, while staring at her with suspicion. It was weird to hear his voice. She had heard him in her dreams, but that hadn’t been reality.
But despite the easiness he’s feeling right now, he knows the problem still lingers; Steve will still be in constant battle within his own mind, Tony will keep on taking it personally, and they will fight about it eventually.
Steve lets out a long breath, but then closes his eyes and lowers his head. He nods. T’Challa smiles again.
“Mommy’s asleep and somebody didn’t want to join her in dream-land,” Tony whispers before looking down again. Then he sighs. “Just imagine…”
“I’m afraid I just sent Logan away for a mission in Egypt.”
Steve listens without interrupting him. He nods when it’s required, and stays by Tony’s side the entire time. When Tony’s finished with admitting that Mary died, Steve looks down sadly before letting out a deep breath.
Because that’s what Peter supposes this is; a date.
Silence from Steve. Somebody else behind him speaks.
“Your mother was a real smart woman, one of the smartest I’ve known. I’m very sure you’ll be just as great as her, if not even better,” Tony finds himself saying. He doesn’t understand where this sudden need to comfort Peter has come from, but it’s probably normal. This boy is the sixteen-year-old son of a woman he loved dearly almost seventeen years ago. And even though she completely shut him out of her life for that little slip-up, he never stopped caring for her. And if this boy is her only legacy, the kid is even all the more precious.
“I’ve tried,” Tony says. “He doesn’t pick up. Whenever I came to the apartment, he wasn’t there. I’ve only heard through May that he’s doing fine right now since he at least still calls her every day.”
“There you are! I’ve been looking all over for you guys!” Brunnhilde stormed towards them. “The meeting is about to start!”
“You’ve been gone for a while,” was all he had said during the trip.
“Don’t tell me you have a ring hidden somewhere?” Tony asks, hating the panic in his voice. Steve chuckles nervously, but shakes his head.
“It’s me, honey. You need to wake up, okay?”
Wade says calmly.
“Yes, dear?” Tony asks, giving Steve an innocent look. Steve walks up to where Tony is, suddenly pulling on the chair until it’s rolling backwards.
“How about we clean this up for a bit, alright?” Steve agrees, and the two of them get working on it as fast as they can. Just when they’re about to finish, FRIDAY comes with the news that the pizza has arrived.
Harry then winks at the teacher and hurries to the empty seat next to Peter. He gives Peter a wink as well, and then he starts to take out his books. While the teacher is starting with explaining his plans for today, Peter leans towards his former best friend.
“I will miss you, Tony,” Steve had told him after Thor flew back up into the sky. Some part of him had hoped that… Tony would say it in return. That didn’t happen.
“I’ve missed you, so much,” Steve tells him. Tony closes his eyes again, taking another deep breath. “I only had the updates from Nat, so how have you been, Tony?”
“JUST GO!”
“Yeah, so?”
And look at this Peter, here. It’s rather obvious the kid hates him. It’s obvious the kid hates his mother, too. Peter looks like the only reason he’s still staying is because of his siblings.
After letting go of Steve’s hand – he hadn’t noticed he was holding it – Tony leaves the medical floor of the compound, ignoring the other Avengers when they crowd him to ask questions. He’s got a mission, after all.
“You know what you need? Some distraction,” Johnny says with a grin. Peter rolls his eyes.
But the best part of love, he finds, is in Peter. His beautiful, wonderful, incredibly smart twenty-year-old son who is too good for anybody in this world with a heart as pure as gold and a soul shining so bright despite all the hits it’s taken. Out of all the people that Tony loves, he knows that Peter could be the only one who would make him do something incredibly stupid if anything would ever happen to him.
“Peter, what’s going on?” Tony asks, suddenly scared for his answer. He can only guess what Peter might be doing, and he hates the idea of it.
Everything is going remarkably well. Even after Tony pays for the dinner and they leave the restaurant to get back into the snowy landscape to head back to the hotel, the five of them can’t seem to stop their conversation.
*O*O*
"The truth, Cap," Tony snaps.
"A nuclear deterrent, cause that always calms everything right down," Toni said, jokingly. She was leaning against the lab table with her arms folded across her arms.
"To be jealous, there must be something to be jealous of," she stated.
"There's not enough time. This thing's moving too fast and it's heading for New York," He replied.
For some reason that he could not understand, the idea excited the Asset, and he didn't know what to make of the feeling bubbling in his chest at the sight of her. He had no idea of what this feeling was exactly or why he liked the feeling, but he did. To feel like this and have the woman, he would do whatever his handlers wanted of him, and if they want to use him to make her submit, he would do so, even if it didn't make any sense.
she thought.
Tony looks between the two, unsure what was going on, but he knows he doesn't want to find out. The genius tries to move out of their arms, but the two soldiers keep a firm grip on him, refusing to let go of him. "What are you two doing down here?" he asks, giving up and sitting back.
"Tell me what you saw."
"Jesus!" She yelled. The genius would be lying if she said she didn't jump five feet into the air. If her heart wasn't already racing, it was now. Her heart was going to pop out of her chest. "Steve," she uttered, ignoring the look Sam was giving her. She tried to smile, but man, she was finding a hard time finding her breath. "Gotta warn me, buddy."
So why is it Iron Man and not Iron Woman or Iron Girl or Iron Lady?"
Toni let out a sigh as she glanced toward the doorway to see her father and Peggy. For losing Rogers, Peggy looked like she was functioning well unlike Howard, who looked like a mess from his hair to his clothes. It reminded her of the long nights that her father would spend in the labs after her mother's death. It was disheartening to see him like that. "I think you need more beauty sleep, Stark," Toni replied.
"We all have done things we regret," he said, placing another kiss to her head. "Hindsight is twenty, twenty."
"Then who am I?" she asked, giving him a look.
As another man fell by his hand, an explosion echoed across the compound, shaking the floor. After the roar of the explosion died, faint sounds of combat could be heard in the background, though they didn't last long. The battle was over in seconds, and the Asset spotted the fake blond and his goons a minute later as they escaped the compound. They didn't seem to be any kind of hurry, even if the sounds of another battle suddenly roared. The Assassin in black watched as they climbed into three dark SUVs. Hesitating, it went against his programing to leave witnesses alive, but he also wanted to kill them for touching the Brunette.
*O*O*
The man didn't response, though Toni knew he knew English. He, a silence bear, grabbed her by her arm and pulled her up. Carefully as not to drop her phone, she allowed him to pull her up, not that she could stop him. Being a super soldier like Steve, there was nothing she could do without her suit. He could carry her around like a rag doll, and though she found that sexy when Steve did it, she didn't get the same enjoyment from this man. "Fuck you," she hissed, as she sung the knife forward.
Toni cursed. He would be in a playful mood, while she was having a heart attack. God, was she dying? "Hey, now, don't blame your lazy ass on me." She elbowed him in his shin.
"It means how it sounds. He tried and failed."
He took a breath before he stood. "You're too close."
Sharon tucked the gun in her subs and glared at Toni. "Well, it was nice to see again, Stark. Good to know you hadn't change since the last time I saw you. Still only thinking of yourself."
Natasha and Clint hovered close, keeping a close protective eye over her. "Do I need to hurt someone?" Clint asked her, his tone cold. "Because I will."
It didn't take long to arrive at the tent, and it only took a few seconds for the two soldier stationed there to notice her. At the sight of her, one got up and handled her a clip board for the inventory, which infuriated her as they always expected her to do it, before he left. It was like they couldn't count or something, granted she could calculate the number of rounds faster than they could. "You guys so need to go back to elementary school," she stated as she took a seat in front of the many boxes.
There was a point where Steve wondered if he should gave up and stop chasing Toni; however, that very thought made his stomach uneasy. He hated the idea of not being with her, and he knew if he gave up, he would regret it. He regretted it before and he would now. He would regret not loving her, and besides, he was getting to her. Her reactions were clue enough, which was why he followed her. He could see the struggle in her eyes. He could see her fear.
Gabe added, "I bet she knows a lot of people. Maybe, she can introduce Dum Dum to someone. That way he can stop harassing Nancy. Poor Nancy."
The Widow left out a harsh sigh as she turned to Steve. "I have a fluming Colonel Rhodes on the line. He wants to talk to you, Rogers, and something tells me this conversion won't be pretty."
"Thanks," Steve muttered as they both left the apartment, which was near the top of the old building. "I don't know where she would go. It might be worthless to go look for her and that worries me." New York was a big city and there were so many places that Toni could've gone. At this time of the night, there was no where she could go to get out of the cold. What was he going to do if he couldn't find her? Could he just leave her out in the cold, where she could die?
Her heart was beating fast, and she was unable to catch her breath. "W-what are you going here?" He voice betrayed her in every fashion.
If it was possible, the genius exploded as her rage came out in folds. "Let me?" she said. "Let me? You wouldn't stand a chance."
Stepping deeper into the lap, Bruce stopped at the hole. He gave it a meaningful look before he looked at Toni. "You know I found Steve at this spot once. You should've seen him. Granted I haven't know Steve long, I have never seen him so lost. Toni, he was
consider herself a soldier. She didn't consider herself a hero in that sense. Those who really served were the heroes, like Rhodes and Wilson.
kept replaying in her head.
He laughed. "I see. However, you should be focused on-" The Stalker couldn't finish his sentence as he was ripped off her and was thrown to the ground. Toni stumbled forward without anyone holding her.
"Toni," she heard him call her name.
"I never miss," he said, as he let the arrow fly. The fire man—AGAIN, what else did you call these people? Flame people? Human torches?— stumbled back as ice exploded from the tip of the arrow. A gift to the Barton, though she wondered what he did to deserve it.
She could lie, but she doubted he would believe her. If she was like him, there would be no lying to him as he would see right through her. As her father didn't sleep much either, he would see all of the lies and the clues. "Well, that depends on what you count as sleep," she replied. She had no idea of when the last time she had gotten more than a few hours of sleep, as each time she closed her eyes, she was plagued with some kind of terror.
"Bucky," Rogers calls again.
Natasha gave him a hard glance. "You know why you couldn't. You may be a super soldier, but we were outnumbered. We couldn't risk this flash drive falling into his hand, and you know as well as I do that Rumlow won't give up anything to you." She took a deep breath. "I know this is hard, but Stark's a big girl. Even armed with only a wretch, she can take care of herself, and Clint will find her in no time."
Peggy's raised an eyebrow but didn't respond; however, Salty did. "I'll blame that on the pain."
Fury's look was anything but friendly as he glowered. "We don't have time for your kissy face, Stark. We need to discuss what happened."
At that moment, the flaps to the tent flew open and Peggy pushed through. "Are you okay?" she asked as she looked around the tent. "I heard yelling. Were you talking to someone?"
Vous gagnez : You Win
"Steve."
Sick to her stomach, she curled into a ball, trying to make herself as small as she could. She wanted to melt into the wall, realize how truly alone she was. Having dropped her phone in Steve's apartment, she was cut off from the world. From JARVIS. With her entire body feeling foreign to her, there was no way she was making it to the Iron Man suit, and there was no way in hell she was going back into Steve's apartment. No way in hell. It felt like—
she thought.
"Yes, Miss."
"The shutting up part. You know me, never one to shut up," she replied, quickly. She eyed the super soldier, never seeing this level of anger pointed at her, and it truly scared her. "Just love to making you cry."
Anyhow, here you go!
Toni turned to him, still laughing. "Oh, Old Man! I didn't know you had it in you!"
"Shit," Clint cursed, interrupting Steve before he could finish his sentence.
"Coming up by the drop zone, Cap." Rumlow announced, interrupting them. With a curious look in his eyes, he glanced over to the two. He studied the two. "Is everything okay?"
To be honest, it would be safer for the future if she stayed in the cell. She would do less damage in here than anywhere else.
him, the weakling, and she was the last person to love that weakling.
"I don't lose." He reached for her again. His fingertips dance along her forearm, trying to entice her back.
Ignoring his stupid comment, Toni eyed the book. "How are you able to touch that?" she asked as she just realized he was touching something on her plane. "And you should be!" She started to push up her sleeves.
"That meant I've done my job!" She cheered as she jumped to her feet. "Thanks, Salty!" She turned to leave, but before she could move a step, he called her back.
, her everything, and there was nothing she couldn't do in his eyes.
*O*O*
She let out a small chuckle. "Not a chance, Salty." she smiled. "So where's my device?" she asked as she buckled herself in tightly. However, if the plane was to fall from the sky, a seatbelt would not save her.
the use of the word. Sure, the word 'asset' was often used in the intelligence world, but she didn't like the idea of someone being a tool for someone else. Sure, she had been a tool for others at times and had used others as tools, but she was different now, not that same person. "Geez, didn't know I was so special," Toni snapped. "Oh, wait, I did, but next time I catch you following me I'll-"
Toni wasn't always the best judge of character to which Steve could agree. Sometimes she trusted too easily. Other times, she was too rigid, refusing to let you in. Right now, she was finding it very difficult to trust this man, who she should be able to trust.
"There are a lot of things you don't about me," Fury replied, forcing a smile to his face. "And we were quite happy in our lives until recently."
"Oh, that's how it is." Steve said, returning the look as they shook hands. "And you." He added, turning to Toni and drawing her out of her thoughts. Like in the movies, he pulled her into his arms and dipped her. Toni was so thrown off by the move that she didn't fight—not that she would. He placed a heavy kiss on her lips, putting as emotions as he could. She felt loved.
Toni looked up, giving Sharon a 'are you stupid' glare. "Yes." There was no doubt she cared for this man.
Again, Toni couldn't help but smile as she stared at her 'family,' and she couldn't help but wonder how she had gotten so lucky. Sure, they had their issues, and though she would never admit it, she was glad she had them. Maybe, her Christmas wouldn't be as bad.
Panic had started to creep up in her, when she realized how screwed it was. Her heart was roaring in her ears, as her lungs struggled to expand. It was like someone was sitting on her chest. "Fuck. Fuck." She swore again, unable to calm herself. Toni, again, had faced a whole lot of shit, but being trapped could always send her through the roof. Feeling light headed, she forced herself to take a few deep breaths. "You're fine," she told herself, repeating it a few times. "Yo-"
And he learned this a hard way when he was punished at the base for hours; however, he wasn't forced into the chair…yet. His memories weren't stolen from him…yet, but he was still numbed. His mind was still spinning, and it took all he had to remain standing.
At the same time, the other one had gone to get a wet clothe and another bucket of ice water. She glanced at the bucket, knowing what was going to happen next. They were going to water-board her, and that stole her breath, which she was struggling to hold anyhow, away from her. Her already weak heart was beating way too fast and she wondered if she was going to have a heart attack; however, she wasn't going to give in. "I won't tell you anything," she croaked. Her voice sounded like someone was stepping on her throat.
Limping, she made her way through the base as she looked for her beloved father, who she had an urge to choke. Once they got back, Howard had taken the cores to study as he had no idea of how they worked. He wanted to test them before he let anyone else touch them, which annoyed her. She didn't have time to wait; she needed one of those core to use with her device, so she could get the hell home and not have to look at those two love birds.
She asked herself.
"A run? In this weather?" Clint said, nodding to the window. It was still raining, and it didn't look like it would clear up any time soon.
He took a deep breath as he tried to force out the image in his head. The image of Toni walking away from him and Bucky following after her haunted him. Though it wasn't importance now, he hated that Bucky became the person she turned to. Back in the old crummy apartment, it was him, but was the only reason she turned to him was because he was the only person there? No, that couldn't have been it. He had felt the connection between them. So what changed? Besides him becoming Captain America… Was that the reason? Did he lose her the second that he became that?
Toni was sick and tired of being called a Spy; that was Romanoff and Barton's job. "How many times do I need to say it? I am not a spy," she snapped. She took a deep breath as she told herself to calm down. Her anger would get her nowhere. "Just let me go."
"Yes."
She took a deep breath and smiled through the pain of chapped frozen lips. "As I'll ever be," she said. She wasn't sure why she was so nervousness, but something didn't feel right. It's just the nerves, she thought. It was probably because of what happened the last time; the torture was still fresh in her mind. She didn't know if she could handle that again. The very idea of it freaked her out. Relax, she told herself. You know Steve wouldn't let you get hurt. She knew if she was captured again, Rogers would come for her and that was relaxing thought.
, and he feels like a complete fool for thinking that this relationship can work. How did he ever think that they can love him? That he'll be any more than a third wheel? More than some fun in bed?
Just the Colonel's Tent came into view, she stopped as she heard someone yelling. "Fire Rocket!"
Toni shook her head, forcing
He tried to ignore the jab in his side as he remembered who else was in the Robotic Labs. He knew it was stupid to be jealous of Bruce as Bruce wasn't interested in Toni in that way, but he couldn't help it. They were close, unlike Steve who just wanted to be closer to Toni. Maybe now, they could be close, though Steve knew it would still be a battle to get close. He just hoped she would be open to it; however, he also knew she could be closed off.
That stroke Phillips as odd. Did he not know about Toni? Maybe, he didn't know, or maybe, he didn't care, though that would be out of character for the choir boy. He turned to Peggy, wondering if this had anything to do with her as Toni and she didn't get along. "You and I are gonna have a conversation later that you won't enjoy." He was tired of their fights, though it seemed like he no longer had to deal with them.
"Take it and see," he said, holding out the box.
As the four of them stepped into one of the elevators in Stark Tower, Toni whipped the heavy, 1940 military jacket off. She ignored the look that Trip, Jones, and Dugan was giving her. She wasn't sure if it was because she threw it aside so vigorously or rather they were worried about her. She was still a little ify on her feet, though she wasn't sure if it was because she was still tired or if her nightmares were getting to her.
The woman with little hand to hand training didn't think it would land, but it embedded into his right shoulder, drawing blood. The man didn't react. He just looked at her—though it was hard to tell what he was looking at in that mask of his. As if it was nothing, he glanced at the wound before looking back at her. "You got to be kidding me? Nothing?" she asked, her panic returning.
That name stuck him hard. Did he know? "Yes."
Toni's legs still felt like Jell-O and hurt like hell, but she refused to let that show on her face. This man annoyed her, and she refused to let him see that. She also didn't like the use of Pepper's name, because only Happy, Rhodes, and she were allowed to use it. Why the hell did he think he could use her nickname? She should be 'Miss Potts' to him. Plus, it was her damn name on the building not Pepper or anyone else. She had a right to be here. "Geez, I feel like chopped liver. It's my name on the door, is it not? So why not discuss what you have to discuss?"
"It-" Peggy started with a smile.
She eyed him for a few seconds, trying to figure out what he wanted. "Surprise? Not so much, as no one can stay away from me for too long," Toni answered, putting on a brave face. She wasn't stupid and she knew how dangerous this man was. Even if Rogers was due to arrive to destroy this last Hydra base at any second, she knew she wasn't going to get out of this easy. This wasn't going to be a cake run by any means.
Toni gave him a look, masking her growing worry. Maybe, letting this
He stepped closer to her, before glancing toward Phillips and Peggy. They were head deep into their own conversion, but Phillips was keeping a close eye on Toni and Howard. "Sorry for being such a horrible father."
*O*O*
She hated that god damn name. She wasn't a Sark, but revealing her real name wouldn't be wise. He wouldn't let her go if he knew she was a Stark. Then there was also the fact that she was a time traveler. "I won't tell you anything."
During her walk to the apartment, she kept an eye open for any possible danger, because even if she refused to be afraid, she still had to be careful. She had to be smart about this and not let her mind run wild. She needed to be logical, because if she allowed herself to get emotional, she would not accomplished what she needed to do. She needed to get her device back and find some way to power it, which would be difficult. There wasn't any that she could think of, but she would find something.
"It would be best." Dugan replied with a sigh.
However, the ring choice wasn't what kept in her here, trapped in her head. Sure, it was part of the reason, causing her to overthink. He had asked her to
"Maybe, it's just you."
"…There's not enough time. This thing's moving too fast and it's heading for New York," he said. There was a bit of hesitation in his voice. "I gotta put her in the water."
"No," Toni said as she tried to push them away.
For a few seconds, she just stared at him. She studied the mixture of emotions on his face, and each was something she didn't know how to handle. "Just thinking," she said with a deep breath. "You know me."
"But your cast," Rogers protested.
Urgh, she thought. She didn't want to deal with anyone right now. "Tell them no," she answered, trying to listen to her song. It was playing too softly. "And please turn the music back up."
Clint followed her to the window and peered out. "He's the leader of the top Spy Organization. I would be surprised if he hadn't found the President's Book of Secrets yet."
"You made it perfectly clear that I was a horrible father, which isn't too surprising," he replied. "I think it runs in the family. My father wasn't the best either, but I'm going to make it up to you."
She had to keep telling herself that it was her imagination. It was her nightmares, nothing more or less. It wasn't real, no matter what her brain was trying to tell her. She had a mission to do, and he was going to do it.
Steve's hold tightened as he tried to control his anger. He knew that there were few different factors, a few different reasons, why the woman he loved was breaking in his arms; however, that didn't help his anger. He needed someone or thing to focus on, because he wanted- needed to punch someone in the face. He needed to take his anger out on someone. Seeing Toni like this was the last thing that he ever wanted to see. "You're not broken, Toni. You're perfect."
It felt amazing that she understood.
"We go-" The phone suddenly rang, echoing through the kitchen. Everyone froze at the sound of the loud ring, as if they were expecting it to explode. They were all expecting the worse, sitting on the edge. "Expecting a call?" Natasha asked, her eyes cold. Just like that, her mask was up and she was ready for a fight.
At that, the Genius pushed herself up in a sitting position, as her eyes widen. "What are you talking about? Me time traveling?" she asked. "Because trust me, I have no interest in doing that again." The very thought of it made her uneasy. She could feel her skin start to crawl at the thought of it.
it was impossible that he was Barnes. She
Steve knew he had to get her off his mind or he was going to go crazy, if he wasn't already crazy. However, if he didn't know what happened to her, he would go crazy anyway. He had to at least find out what had happened to her as it would be the only thing that would settle his mind. He had to make sure she was happy. He just had to. He didn't know what he would do if he found out she wasn't.
on his comrades, and then, he was a soldier. Even though she couldn't vouch if his nights were restless or not in the present (the past, a different story), he probably suffered from
There was something in Toni's eyes that annoyed Steve. Even now, she wasn't serious. It was all a joke to her. "I'm sure if she still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep..." He had no idea of where this was coming from but it all flooding out. There was some part of him that wanted to annoy her for once.
"Not as comfortable as the seats on one of my jets," he replied, sliding the hard case under his seat. "They're like sitting on clouds. You'll love them, trust me."
Steve, almost forgetting where they were, tried to take a step forward in his anger, but he realized when he put his foot down and stumble that he couldn't go after him. "You aren't going anywhere."
"You know he won't like that," Romanoff said, morphing into agent mood.
He stepped out of the bed and headed toward the kitchen to find something to eat. If he couldn't sleep, he might as well eat to keep up his strength. Though he couldn't really cook anything besides eggs, he had to admit that the kitchen in the tower was impressive and it made him want to cook as he had never seen anything like it before.
"Hey, hey. That was so not my fault," Barnes protested. "We were clearly outmatched."
Letting his eyes wander up her body, Steve studied her as he tried to get a reading. His eyes stopped on the cold metal hanging around her neck, and though he couldn't read them from this distance, he knew what was on the dog tags. As he stared, he wondered if she ever took them off. From what he could see, it didn't look like she did, and Steve wasn't sure of the emotion that bubbled up inside of him, but it didn't stop him from changing out of his uniform and crawling into bed with her. He felt her tremor slightly as he wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. She felt warm—hot really to the touch as he placed a kiss to her forehead. "I got you, Toni. I got you," he said softly into her hairlines. "Never letting you go."
"I don't worry," she stated as she stepped away.
"Well if you walk around shirtless, I wouldn't notice him at all," She laughed, closing his eyes. "Granted, I probably won't be able to get any work done."
Bruce could only smile as he watched the two. "I think you're going to kill Clint."
"Do you think that's wise? Shutting yourself out isn't healthy," the agent said.
"No," She replied, turning back to the device. She tried to stop her mind from drifting back to the Captain and her father. Why did he want to talk to her? Did he want to talk about her father? Or was it because she wouldn't leave her lab?
*O*O*
"Well, there's a chance you might be in the wrong business, Rogers."
*O*O*
Still fighting her sore muscles, it hurt every time she struggled with the chains, and her wounds had reopened in her efforts. "Bastard," she cursed as nothing worked. Only, the chair bobbled in her feeble attempts. "Fuck," she yelled as she couldn't even tip the chair over. She didn't even know why she tried, because she was wasting her much needed energy. She could already feel herself drift and that wasn't good.
"Don't take it personally. I don't trust anyone," he stated.
"Can you really?" he asked with a smirk. "Can I test you?"
It was stupid he knew, but he couldn't just sit around while others died for their country. However, there wasn't much more Steve Rogers could do as he failed his second attempt to enlist. He wasn't going to give up, even it was hopeless. He knew no one was going to want him, a frail man, who couldn't fight his way out of a wet paper bag, and he hated that. He hated that he couldn't help his country, that he was too weak to do anything. He wished he could do something to help.
He had reached for a glass but he decided against it and just drunk out of the bottle. "I'll go crazy if I stay here and do nothing," he stated as he took a drink. He stared at the bottle for a second before completely downing it.
"I need to get used to someone else having my surname," Howard replied.
"You are deluded, Captain. You pretend to be a simple soldier, but in reality, you are just afraid to admit that we have left humanity behind. Unlike you, I embrace it proudly. Without fear!" He yelled.
"I think it's just our nerves, gentlemen," Peggy stated, trying to cut through the tension. "Let's take some deep breaths and
"And something tells me that she'll keep playing that card," Barnes stated with a wink.
That had the genius worried. She wasn't an expert on 1940's law, but she was sure she wouldn't like the power it gave him. In her time, the law was there to protect the people, but in this time, there was a war going. This country was afraid of Hitler and they would authorize anything to protect themselves.
Punch.
Peggy chuckled. "I think Steve would've had a kicked out of this," she replied looking between the two. There was a hint of sadness in her voice, but there was a smile on her face.
Toni's eye twitched. "Oh, are you one of
Director Fury walked into a small conference room, where Natasha and Clint were waiting. "Have you found anything out about Stark yet?" he asked the two highly trained assassins.
Phillip glanced at her. "Are you okay?" he asked. Even if with cargo pants and a long sleeve shirt, he could still see that her body was lined with bruises and cuts. "Being tortured isn't anything to take lightly."
They didn't stink up house, making everything smell like pine. God, she hated that smell…Was she un-Christmas if she hated that smell?
"I took his money," Maya replied, not moving from the table.
Steve's eyes froze on Thor, trying to figure him out. Thor's very being threw the super soldier off, as most believed him to be a god; however, there was only one God that Steve believed in. Thor's existence would not spread doubt in him, but it was hard not to be insult by the fake god. This was what people considered a god? How could anyone pray to someone like that?
"You're going to make her think she's going crazy."
*O*O*
"How dare SHIELD think we are dangerous when they have weapons that can take each of us out?" he asked angrily. He picked up his speed in order to get the lab faster.
To her surprise, the lever for her seat still worked, and she was able to put it back. It didn't help as much as she would have liked, but she was able to stretch herself out. Like every time you needed something, the phone was just out of reach. It sat on the backseat, and the tips of her fingers could just touch the phone. "You got to be kidding me." She hollered, as she pushed herself flat against the seat. Her muscle strained, though all her pain started to blend together into a shit show of pain.
"How much longer?"
In all regards to all of his assassinations, this familiar man was an easy kill, unlike the others. The others at least had put up a fight, screaming and struggling, but this man seemed to have accepted his death as if he knew it was coming. He just let it happen, just let the Asset kill him, as the Asset watched the light disappear from the man's eyes. He didn't say a word.
Recognizing the voice, Toni glanced up with a glare. "Mr. Stark," she greeted, trying to keep back her anger.
Let me know through your review.
Toni reached forward, attempting to place a hand on Steve's, but Steve jerked his hand away like he had been touched by fair. With a deep sigh, he leaned back in his chair. "Steve," she called, not liking the feeling bubbling inside of her. It felt like something was spoiled, feeling she was being rejected. It was an emotion that she didn't care for, especially when she knew why Rogers was doing this. With determination, she slid out of the booth, and before the soldier could bolt- not she would let him get far-, she slid in next to him. With a look that could drill through ice, she said, "I'm not going anywhere…well, unless another super soldier comes along, but we know that isn't happening. So, cut it out, or I will cut you out."
she yelled at herself. "How many times have you been here?" She asked. She didn't need him to answer, as judging by the look on his face, it was a lot. "Steve."
she told herself. "What?" she asked, her eye still twitching. She was clearly annoyed.
"Maybe, we should show him," Clint grinned. He didn't reach for his weapons, but he was equipped.
It was clear that he was trying to get some kind of smile from her, but Toni was in no mood. She especially wasn't in the mood to deal with him. "I-"
Yup, that definitely goes to his pants. "Then what are you waiting for?" Tony says as he pulls away from them. He gives them each a look as he heads to the steps. "I am ready when you are."
"So we're good now?" she asked.
"Jealous, Stark?" she asked, smirking.
Yes, Pepper knew he was right, but Toni didn't always think clearly, always doing things half-cocked. The CEO couldn't help but wonder where Toni would be without her. Would she even be alive, considering how many times that she had to force the genius to eat? "She doesn't know what's good for her," she replied.
"If you think about it, they didn't need all three of us," Romanoff stated. "Two of us would've been fine."
"I will plot your course back to the Tower."
*O*O*
"I-" A cheer down the bar caught her attention, and she turned to the table that the cheer came from before rotating back to Barnes. At the table was Rogers, who she would only consider an ass always trying to tell her what to do. He would probably yell at her for drinking. "Don't knock my smile."
"It means the portal won't collapse on itself, like it did at SHIELD," Toni said. She quickly scanned the room before he eyes rested on Thor, to Steve's annoyance. "No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing," she said, looking him over. "Geez, look at those arms. You've been working out," she said with a wink as she squeezed.
For the nth time this week, Dum-E is positioned at the door as if the robot is guarding the entrance, which is a scary thought. There's no telling what the bot will do to person trying to enter, not that they can get in when the lab is on locked down. And to make it worse, the bot has a fire extinguisher, which isn't good. Though Dum-E isn't normally a dangerous robot, the bot can cause quite a lot of damage without meaning too. Tony has been on the bad end of a few misused fire extinguishers, and he has the marks to prove it. "What are you doing, Dum-E?" he asks, giving the bot a look. "You should put that down before you hurt yourself… or me for that matter!"
"Yes, Miss."
*O*O*
"He's dead."
"—ark, are you there?" She asks, focusing on the flicker in his eyes. "Are you okay, Mr. Stark?" the Doctor asks, as she moves the light left to right in front of his face. "Are you with me?"
Killian shook his head and smile. "I see you hadn't changed. Feisty. I like that."
for her, unlike everyone else who had ever stepped into her life. Thought you were different. I-"
"Steve, I don't think she's coming out," Barnes stated. "We need to let her come to us."
Though she had tried to stuff it down, Toni couldn't contain her roaring laugher as it rocked out of her. A smile stretched across her face, as she struggled to stand under laughing fit. With her whole shaking, she leaned against one of the desks, holding on for dear life. "And that's how you fail with style," she said to the classroom filled with students. Her grin took up her half her face, as she ignored after math of the failed experiment.
Bruce took a deep breath. "…I don't want to get involved in…whatever happened down in the lab, but we all need to take a deep breath and step back. Clearly, Toni isn't herself at the moment. I don't know what it is, but there's something weighing on her."
Both Natasha and Toni had warned him of fan girls and crazy admirers who would try to show him their 'love,' but he never thought he would have to worry about that, not thinking those people existed. He just gave them both looks, as Toni went off, talking about how she would love to see a fan try to get one over one Steve before she jumped. However, were there really some crazy people like that? Come on. What was wrong with people? With a deep breath, he closed the door behind him and took a few steps in.
"TONI!" Steve yelled, his face slightly pink.
He had attacked the man with so much anger that it surprised the asset. He had never felt so much fury inside of him before, as he was never emotional about his kills. His kills were cold, never thinking or spending more time than needed with the victim; however, this time, it was different. This kill was different, and even after the man had bleed out, the Asset couldn't stop his attack. He knew spending too much time with the body would get his caught, which his handlers wouldn't like as well, but he couldn't stop. His anger just came flooding out of him, as he kept seeing the man trying to touch what his, and he didn't like it. He didn't like it all.
"They are clearly outmatched," the insane freak stated as he pointed to the screen. She couldn't see, but it had to be Rogers.
"Please, don't go," she shouted out. "Please, Steve."
Toni followed his eyes for a second, wondering if he was looking at her boobs. "I'm fine."
"The hell he did," she stated. It was always when someone meant no harm did he caused the most harm.
Steve closed his eyes wondering how he should approach her, though he knew either way would probably get the same reaction. He knew that she would fight him like she always did. She would throw insults and would strike-
"Relax, Rogers."
"Then so be it," she said. "Many scientists have died in the name of science. It's kind of like an honor." She knew what it sounded like; it sounded like someone who was defeated. It was a voice of someone who didn't care.
"Sark."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Good choice, but you don't need to button up for me. I would prefer it unbuttoned."
That wasn't what she wanted. "I'm Howard Stark's daughter and he's a part of the project. I know because he knows. He had told me about it."
Toni shook her head, as she let out a loud sigh. Why couldn't this guy leave her alone like the rest of crazies? Was he attracted to her crazy? She supposed it was her fault for being out this late. "Take a hint, and leave me alone," she snapped, stopping and turning around.
"I don't like it."
After Fury had flatline, Toni left the room giving them some time to themselves. She had never been any good at grief, with her own eating her up like a shark. With that scared person in mind, she left them alone to grieve, as there was no chance for her to insult him if she wasn't in the room. Usually, she wouldn't care to hold her mouth, but this was not the time for her mouth. Fury was dead and her Iron Man suit was out of commissions- though it wouldn't be for long.
Toni couldn't let this happen. This shouldn't be happening. She couldn't let someone die because of her. Shaking her head, she went back to the device to check on the process. It was about halfway done or so. "Go, Bucky," she demanded as she turned back to him. "If the teams are pushed back, we won't be able to get out of here, but if you help and you guys are able to keep them busy, I can sneak out on my own. Trust me."
Even in his death, Jarvis had meaning and influence in her life unlike any other person. Sure, she had people in her life, but there was no one compared to JARVIS, which was why this was hitting her so hard. The AI felt so far away, and it left her feeling exposed. It made her feel like she was out in the open, waiting to be attacked. Waiting to be beaten into the ground. With JARVIS, he protected her, kept her sane when everything else failed. He kept her straight.
Located in deep within the Alps, it was extremely cold and Toni needed several layers to keep warm. It would've been wise to stay inside or by a fire, but she wasn't thinking at the moment. Sitting down at the base of a tree in a pile of soft snow, she took out the file and opened it.
The name was vaguely familiar, and she knew she had met him before, but she had no idea of where or when. If she was being honest—which she always was, that was telling in and of itself. "Aldrich, really? Never picture you as one of those. Were you teased as a child? I know I would have teased you, so I answered my own question."
Toni looked around at Howard Stark's lab away from home. For being a make shift lab in a middle of a military base, it was pretty decent, and she was impressed by that; however, she should've expected this. Her father only liked working with the best and the top of the line items, and he refused to work with anything less. In those regards, he was pretty much like her, but he was a bigger asshole than she. She, at least, could carry on a conversion unlike him.
Steve leaned back in his old pine chair that didn't match the desk, which wasn't surprising. Nothing really matched in the apartment besides the ugly kitchen chairs. "Yes."
Trying but failing, Steve tried to keep the blush forming on his cheeks. The topic of sex could always get him red in the cheeks, and no matter how often everyone brought it up and how many time he hear it, he would always get red. It didn't matter how freely it was brought up and talked about, Steve could never get used to it. In the 1940's, sex wasn't talked about (especially in front of the opposite sex), and if it was, it was talked about privately, not in the open.
However, if he had been truthful before about what he didn't want from her, what could he want? He said it wasn't illegal or that he wanted her help for a crime. But if it wasn't that, Toni wasn't sure what it could've been as he was a villain. He didn't want her company or her suits. So what could it be? And as creepy as it was, she couldn't help but wonder if it was her. Did he want
Phillips wasn't an idiot by any shot and noticed her reaction to Stark's name. "He was, and he was quite interested in taking a look at your reactor. He would like to talk to you about it."
Toni couldn't move and she wanted to scream, not that she would give Savin that. She would never give in to this man, but she was pinned, unable to move. Somehow someway she was still alive, considering she should've been smashed to death. Granted, it felt like it. Sure, there wasn't a car on her legs, but it felt like it. To make matters worse, there was countless metal pieces digging into her, cutting her, and each were different sizes and lengths.
Natasha is watching the three with an interesting look in her eyes. "Don't you two look fetching? Be beating the ladies and guys back with a stick," she is smirking.
This was the man—Brock, if she remembered correctly…not that she cared if she didn't—that she had met in the park after she thought she saw Barnes, which again was impossible. This was the man, who helped her up. This was man, who she had gotten a bad vibe from. This man worked for SHIELD? She knew the fact that he was agent could be why she hated him. It was an automatic thing with all agents and government types, but there something different. And to make things worse, he was in the park? Why the hell was he in the park? Was he following her?
Toni shifted slightly, reaching for the letter on the ground. She brought it to her chest before she leaned back into Steve's chest. "If it isn't my fault, it isn't your fault either," she said finally after a few long minutes.
"People love my mouth," Toni smiled, weakly, as she remembered the Swiss Army knife in her pocket.
"Come to momma," she uttered, trying one more time to make herself longer. "Yes!" she shouted, forgetting about Rollins for a second. All he did was groan. "Fucker." She was just too excited to worry about him, as she was able to get her finger on the case and wiggle it to her. It took her a few seconds, but she was able to get it close enough to pick it up. Her joy, however, was shot lived as someone grabbed her from behind and threw her out of the car. It was like her foot was never trapped as she was removed from the car with ease. She would've marked that as a good thing if it wasn't for the fact that she was thrown to the ground like a sack of potatoes. God, did that hurt? If she wasn't bruised already, she would be back and bruise all over.
Thanks to her converses, she was able to make out it of the building in record time, just as she found it almost impossible to breath. Even with her legs shaking beneath her, she made it to the Mark 7 armor before anyone could stop her. She wasn't sure if she was imagining the hot flashes, but she was focused on getting into the Iron Man Suit. Even if she wasn't sure that she had a home, this suit was where she felt the safest. It was where she felt free, strong. It was everything.
Fury, who was staring intensely out of the room, turned to see Agent Hill walk into the room. She wasn't his biggest fan, but she respected him, which was all that he needed. "I had, but there wasn't much he could do himself. He had no idea of how portals work, even though he uses one to get here." He took a deep breath. "I didn't think there was anything he could do in the first place."
The metal table felt cold to her face, and she just wanted to stay here to rest, but the thought of sleeping scared her. She knew it was just a dream, but she couldn't take hatred-filled Bucky's face. Though she had to allow the timeline to stay intact, she doubted her decision not to tell Barnes and Rogers. How much would have changed if she told them?
Steve leaned his head forward. "Well, I do outrank you, Corporal Sark."
"Steve."
"I don't-" Toni started but feeling a hand on her knee, she froze. It shocked her more than anything as she didn't know how she felt about it. Why would Barnes put his hand on her knee? Did that mean anything? Only a few people had ever put their hands on her knee and either they were family members or someone she was about to have sex with. She wasn't going to sleep with Barnes, so what did this mean? In disbelief, she stared at his hand.
She looked him over and stopped at his black eye. "What happened to you?"
The Brooklyn Twins smile at that, and their smiles are the biggest smiles that he has ever seen. "We love you, too," they utter together.
With a rush of joy and exuberance, she turned to Steve, as energy rushed through her. Before realizing what she was doing, she tackled her boyfriend, placing a kiss to his lips. Even with a loud explosion in the background, it didn't take long for the Super Soldier to wrap his arms around her and pull her close. Steve was like the sun, warming her up. He warmed something inside of the genius that Toni couldn't describe. Even with their problems. Even with even coming down on them. Even with the crap coming at her, he was safe. He was home, not that she had an idea of what that was, but she felt open with him, even if she was ashamed of herself. He showed her every day that she had nothing to be ashamed of, and she needed it. It took away her anger and fear.
The Super Soldier turned to get another bag, but before he could pick up another one, the door to the gym opened. There was only one other person (besides the employees on the bottom levels) in the tower at the moment, and that was Bruce. Now, Steve didn't have any issue with him (except when Toni was her touchy self), but he had no interest in talking to him. "Not now, Bruce."
Tony has grown tired of this conversion, extremely tired. "Nothing," he snaps back. "Just tired."
He grabbed her hand to kiss it, but she yanked it away before he could. "At your service." He put on a smile and redraw his hand.
Dugan laughed. "I think that was Toni's response as well."
Steve knew that Bruce was probably right but he didn't want to give Toni time. He needed to tell her now, before it was too late. What if something happened to her? What if she disappeared again? "I need to talk to Toni."
"When's the last time you had gotten a good night's sleep?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. His eyes wandered up and down Toni's small form, eyeing the bags under her eyes.
"She wasn't needed," Barton said, coming to her defense. "The three of us handled it with no problem."
I remember the night, not the morning." She replied, feeling like someone had turned up the heat in the room. "Is this what you've been chasing around?" She snapped, following Maya's eyes.
The AI didn't answer right away. "Yes, I am aware of Miss Stark's current location."
"Yes, yes, your device. I know how to power it. I know how to make it go forward." Loki stepped closer to her. He reached out a hand to touch her.
Taking a deep breath, Rhodes shook his head. "I know what you're doing, Toni, and it won't work," he said with a heavy sigh.
Looking back on this moment, Toni would blame the pain—not the panic attack which she would deny—that made her jump. "Shit," she uttered, loudly, as she turned to the SHIELD agent. She wasn't sure what she was expecting as she looked at him, but he was out. However, judging by the sounds he was making, it wouldn't be long before he came to. If he came to before she was out of the car, she was screwed.
Toni let out a chuckle. "This is true."
"No, Miss. They did not. They did not listen to any of my suggestions, and it was quite boring without you. I am glad that you are back." JARVIS replied, his voice not coming from any particular location.
"That can be altered," Steve replied.
Steve smiled softly before he turned to Rhodes, eyeing him. As he studied Colonel Rhodes, he wondered why he was ever jealous of the man, who was like a brother to Toni—No, not like. Was. He was a brother to Toni, always keeping her safe. Protecting her from everything, even from herself. Without him, Steve had no idea what could've happened to Toni, but he knew it wouldn't have been good. For that, Steve owed Rhodes everything, and that was something that he would never be able to repay. "Thank you," the Captain finally said.
Steve's eyes soften. "You were in a coma if I remember correctly, Doll. I would like to see you try, but that's not the point. The point is if I can't blame myself, you can't. And again, Bucky wouldn't want you to. He would be stomping like a bull, going off about it."
"You're looking at it wrong," Dugan stated as he stepped in deeper into the room. He leaned heavily on his worn cane. "You forget what this team has done for her."
Phillips groaned. "You won't make me regret sedating you. You needed to sleep."
"You're my daughter. Why wouldn't I care? What happened between us to make you like this?" he asked with sincere distress in his tone.
Peggy looked at Barnes for a second before she turned to Toni, who was blowing her bangs out of her face. "Sergeant Barnes, can you leave us? I have something to speak with Corporal Sark about." Her arms were across her chest and she stood firm. No one dared mess with her, when she was like that.
There was sharp intake of air next to her, reminding them that Rhodes was in the room. He glanced between the two before he took a step forward. He could see Pepper's face morph into anger, and it scared most who came across her. "Pepper," he said.
Toni was in shock, never expecting for Steve to get so many shovel talks. She was expecting to get them instead, granted she hadn't seen Romanoff yet. There was no telling what that woman would say to her, or do to her.
She wasn't a girly girl in any way, shape or form, though moments at times—didn't all girls?-, but Toni didn't do well in the outdoors… She was a deer trapped in a room, destroying everything in her path…unless, she had her Iron Man suit, which…wasn't functional at the moment. That still ate at her, rotting her core. Since she had created the Iron Man suit a few years ago, she hadn't been without it since. She felt weak without it. She felt powerless, and she hated that.
hurt you."
"I know."
At this point, the techs had left. "The only one person on a high horse is you," he stated as he stepped toward her.
Rogers looked back to her and opened his month to say something but decided against it.
Natasha looked like she wanted to protest or say something. There was a clear struggle in her. Barton may have accepted that the matter had been closed, but Romanoff looked like she was ready to go to war.
Being the old computer system that it was, Zola flashed in and out; however, the smile was quite visible on his face. "She's right where she belongs. Becoming Hydra before you know it."
Banner's face fell as he couldn't take the idea of her dying either. She was his closest friend, and he didn't know what he would do if he lost that. "We'll get her back."
Steve was staring her eyes, studying her up as he was looking for a weakness. "Always a way out. You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero."
"Fire Rocket!"
Steve placed a soft kiss to her head. "Toni."
"I taste better than you!" Sam shots back.
Toni eyed Bruce, her heart beat racing. Her mind started to pay a bad game of what ifs, and she couldn't help but wonder if Bruce would try to sedate her? He wouldn't, would he? Would he? The thought of it freaked her out, and it sent shock waves through her body. She didn't know how to handle that fear, but she refused to show it. She would not break down in the open. Taking deep breaths, the genius tried to force back her panic attack that was coming on.
The board? Did they have nothing better to do than to worry about her love life? Toni let out a smile—She had a love life. A legit love life. "Tell them to mind their own damn business," she said.
"You left in such a hurry. I wanted to make sure you're okay," she stated. Out of breath.
Understood."
"Shall I alert him that you are on your way, Miss?"
DON'T KILL ME. Did you think Toni would let Steve have it easy? Nope. Let's hope whatever is in that letter will help.
I wanted to reached a certain point in the story and this I hope this chapter didn't feel rush, like I was moving too fast. :) However, the fun can start now. Haha.
The genius has experienced a great deal of pain in his life, and this is nothing new to him. He has been tortured, shot, and beaten within an inch of death. He has experienced a broken heart on more than one occasion, and he knows what pure hatred feels like. He knows how it feels to have the world hate him, even when he's trying to protect it. He knows how it feels when he can't do anything right and how much it hurts to be looked at as a failure by his father no matter what did. He knows how it hurts to want a father's approval and not get it.
Sharon let out a chuckle. "Impossible."
"Also, it's Christmas…" As she said it, she didn't understand why it was important, because that was the last thing on her mind. In the past, it had been at the back of her mind, as she hadn't had anyone to celebrate with, but now, it felt important to be with Steve. "I swear to make this up to you…but d-does that promise mean anything? How many time have I said that? Steve… God, I'm so sorry. I'm a screw up." Even in the freezing cold, tears started to form in her eyes, threating to fall. "And I'm sorry in advance because…I can't come home just yet. I need to find this guy, and you gotta stay safe. That's all I know, and I don't care if you're Captain America, because I'm going to protect your beautiful ass from this. This is my mess, and you can't be hurt. I
"Yea, Tony," Steve says as he steps forward trapping Tony between him and Barnes. "It was a mistake before, and it'll never happen again. Sure, you don't have the history that we have, but who cares? You're our future, and we'll never leave you hanging, alone. You're just as important to me as Bucky is."
, he thought to himself. "I don't like it."
"Where is he now? Gone. He wishes you were dead, so he wouldn't have to brother with you."
Hoping over a few bodies, Clint flipped into air and fired his bow in mid fall. With impressive speed, the arrow hit it target- a large computer across from him before anyone could react. Acting like a virus, the Arrow infected the computer, shutting down and stealing all the files in the matter of seconds. "Yup, Cap. See, we're good. I can talk and work at the same time."
She closed her eyes for a second, trying to focus. After a few deep breaths, Toni opened her eyes again and stared off blankly for a few seconds. It wasn't until her vision cleared that she looked around the room, and it was a struggle to do so. She tried to get up on her elbow, but as she tried, she felt two hands on her shoulders pushing her down.
Steve's anger started to grow as she spoke. "Stark," he snapped, wishing that she would just stop.
"A theory."
Rhodes only gave Bruce a look before he made his way toward Pepper. Falling behind the Colonel was Romanoff and Barton, who were also spotting angry looks as well. "Pepper, I get you weren't happy with me taking out the Mark 7, but I was in a middle of the battle," he snapped.
"I'm fine. It didn't bother me," he stated.
"I'm full of surprises," she said, eyeing the man. Judging by his outfit, he was an off duty cop, who had disarmed (though he could have a hidden weapon somewhere) and removed his vest, but he still was dressed in his all blacks. "Now, if you excuse me, my Soldier's waiting." She needed him more than she thought, and even if she had to face one of his famous lecture, she would just for him to hold her. She needed to him to hold her, even if she wouldn't admit it.
"Captain Rogers and Miss Potts are requesting entrance."
Toni felt his hand leave her body, and she feared that she would not feel a comfort of a friend again. Yes, she considered the Copsicle a friend, even if it didn't look like it. She tried to turn her head and see where he had gone, but she couldn't keep her eyes open. "S-Steve," she called out. It wasn't louder than a whisper and there was no way he could have heard him call out.
Toni gave Sam a look, trying to get a read on him. "So, what are you saying?"
