I removed this before uploading to keep myself straight, definitely should have kept it! But until I come round to edit the whole story, I'll fix it with a quick edit!
“Barton, keep your newest recruit with you, she can help with surveillance and defence. If she tries anything out of line, bring her in.” The screen went black. Barton turned to look over the back of the centre console. “You ready for your first taste of espionage on the American side?” Romanoff leaned forward and smirked. “Ready for the challenge, bird brain.”
“I study in New York at Midtown School of Science and Technology, got in under a fake name so that they didn’t just give it to me, Well to a Stark, my … parent encouraged me to stick with my year group age though, was invited to here actually last year, well my last year in the future. Finishing up soon then College.”
Natasha watched from the archway of the house, sans door now, Steve Rogers dad edition holding the young nephew she’d growing to … well she liked him and cared deeply for him, finally back in the arms of his father, she could see what Peter had meant about the differences between then and now, Steve was kitted out on a much more subtle suit, it still had the red, white and blue, but slightly more practical, it looks more futuristic. Steve almost seemed even more muscly that he did now, the suit stretched over his broad shoulders, maybe it was the air of confidence surrounding him, the march towards the cabin had been quite intimidating, firmer steps in a more natural rhythm, twenty five plus years and Steve had only aged slightly, the beard was a dead give away, slightly longer, pushed back hair, more styled than his standard military cut she’d been used to.
“Yeah, a day off from the office. It’s rare so I’m making the most of it.” Peggy bowed her head. She looked up to Tony. “Anthony, the blame for that falls to me, and why I’m here rather late tonight, I would like to take the time to talk to you and apologise, properly this time.”
There were two blacked out SUV’s parked perpendicular to the aircraft’s ramp. Barton and Romanoff are directed to the first, whereas, Steve knew the second one was for him, It literally said Stark on the door. He corrected his posture, here we go, he muttered under his breath. Steve walked over to the car escorted by two shield soldiers who saluted him once he was at the car door. He returned it and climbed in, dropping the shield first, he was surprised to not see Howard but Peggy. “Director.” Steve said while he shut the car door behind him. He sat in the seat next to the door. Peggy sat watching him in the seat next to the other door. “Drive.” A quiet ‘Yes Ma’am’ could be heard from the front. Peggy pressed a button to raise the partition between them and the drive.
Tony hesitated before throwing his arms, around Peter’s shoulders. Peter didn’t count how long he stood there holding his Dad but he knew that a relationship like that with Howard Stark doesn’t leave a lot of room for self-appreciation. They took a step back from each other, “Let’s get packing shall we?” Peter said with a calming tone and smile. “Actually I need you to run to the corner store and get the newspapers. We need to find a flat quickly.” Peter forgot for a moment that technology wasn’t the way it should be in the 90s. Peter quickly walked over and shut the curtains blocking any view into the apartment in case Uncle Clint was watching. Peter flicked his wrist Web-shooters, the blue holographic projection lighting up their faces. Tony’s eyes lit up with the blue glow and the wonder of this technology (again he dare not tell Peter of last night) . He was amazed (again).
sure that he was taking him home tomorrow. Peter Rogers is going to be home in his own bed, in his own time. Tomorrow, Steve could promise him that.
tilted his head slightly so he could whisper into Tony’s ear. “Just couldn’t wait for us?” Tony looked up the short distance to connect with
Tony careful walked round to other side of the desk, he peered over the side of Steve’s shoulder, leaning his head gently on his upper arm as he wrote, crossing his arms around his stomach to fully lean on Steve’s side. Steve hesitated, while Tony assumed it was from his pressure of leaning on him, Steve’s mind just left him, his heart skipped a beat when Tony leaned on him, he held his pen still, just for a moment.
birthday huh?! If your life depended on it could you write down an hour by hour play of that day?!” Tony took a step back raising his hands up between himself and Peter. “Whoa whoa ok, I get it.” Peter stopped his eyes focusing in on Tony’s. “I’m sorry. I just, I want you! I mean not you but you! My dad you! I want him to tell me what to do, I want my Pops to work out a plan and I’m going to have to do this on my own now and I don’t know how!”
Bucky.
“Finally, ready? Only took you an hour Tony. You ready to head to the Triskelion?” Tony nodded, he made his way over to the closet to grab two jacket that were hanging on the wall hooks that at least looked like they could fit Steve’s shoulders. Handing the jacket over, Steve chucked the towel over the hamper in the corner and accepted the jacket from Tony. Tony was throwing his arms through the sleeves of the jacket as he made his way down the hallway, when missed the step to avoid the broken floorboards. falling towards the floor when Steve caught Tony around the waist to stop him. Steve held Tony around the waist, Tony’s legs outstretched, one still in the broken board, Tony’s arms had automatic reached to grab Steve’s upper arms, gripping tightly.
“Driver. HQ please.” Peggy relaxed back into her chair. Pulling up a screen behind the driver’s chair, replaying the universities CCTV camera footage of her Godson and his son. Anthony had invited Peter to his class, the pair had embarrassed the lecturer to the point he was writing his resignation as he was finishing up the class. Peggy let out a chuckle at her Godson’s antics. It was good to see him with a friend, she thought to herself, Peter was a good kid, Anthony and Steve had done well with him. Gosh, Steve was so blinded sometimes. Peggy had thought the glove might have been enough, but the kid was wearing Joseph Rogers’ military watch, a fresh strap, but still his watch. She watched the video a couple of more times. Just enjoying what the future had to hold, a little while longer.
Peter had never seen his Pops this angry, Peter had loved growing up on the stories of Captain America and the Howling Commandos, at least until he understood that his Pops was THE Captain in the stories, then they got even cooler. He never spoke a bad word about the Commandos, legends in their own right, even had their own statute in Central Park. Even Peter wanted to throw Howard Stark off the roof, But Peter knew he could web shoot and catch him before the ground, he suspected that this wasn’t his Pops plan. Steve stood in his position before pulling away and turning around from the situation before he really did throw him off the roof.
Tony played with a loose threat on the side of his fluffy white sock, he shrugged but knew that he had to speak to her eventually, he only had her, Jarvis and Ana left in his family, he couldn’t afford to lose another one due to bad judgement. “Anthony, what I… I came between you and Steve, I had no idea how close you two were and I had no right to act on behalf of Steve, I have to be honest and say it is strange for me, to see you and Steve get along so well, if we had anything close to a normal life, Steve would have likely been seen as your uncle, but we can’t have normal lives with people like Captain America around and time travel clearly possible.”
Barton had read Steve’s file. He knew the procedure if the serum’s healing kicked in. Steve nodded, a cold sweat dropping down his face. “Ok, give me a sec.” Barton looked down to his combat trousers and reached to pulled out his knife. He extended the knife and looked up to Steve, whose eyelids where drooping to slightly cover his eyes, exhaustion and sweat, clear on his face. Steve gave a week nod of approval to start. Barton used one hand to grip Steve’s thigh and the other to carefully open up the wound. Steve screwed his eyes up in pain, looking up to the ceiling.
The portal began shrinking at a rapid rate, Peter’s last image of home was of his Pop’s voice calling out, “Peter!?” as he and the rest of their team slid around the corner into view, they attempted to make it to the crack in time to see them. The crack sealed with and electrical fizz. The room stood silent, the only noise generating from the printers, spooling out data on the anomaly.
Shoving them down into the wicker washing baskets, Tony shook the dust off the red throw and folded it across the bottom of the mattress. Tony picked up his headphones from the floor, sitting them on top of the textbook pile, he turned his attention towards the trainers. He kicked them gently across the floor until the toppled over the edge of the wardrobe so he could shut it with a soft click.
There was a funeral, I mourned, I lost it I-“ Tony held his finger up to silence Steve, “They lied to me too. I was told you just didn’t want to see me. I assumed you knew I was alive and that you just didn’t come home.”
“Anyway, long story short, got into the databanks. Biggest computer rooms I’ve ever seen, so I look up Peter’s file.” Steve shook his head and sighed. “What did I say about looking into the kid?” Natasha jutted her chin out, slightly annoyed that she had gone to all this effort to find out more answers for him. Just to be rejected. “I know mostly everything about the kid now. He had blood work taken by Tony when he first arrived, the system came back with a match. Well, more specifically two matches for his parental lineage.” Steve shrugged one of his shoulders, he really couldn’t care about this anymore. He wasn’t going to deal with his feelings for Tony right now.
“Can I ask you a question Pete?” Peter nodded, taking his fork and stabbing it in to the salad and forcing the odd shaped leaves into his mouth. “You know who I end up with, but… am I happy with that?” Peter slowed his munching, he swallowed what he could, “What do you mean?” Tony stopped for a minute to think, “I am happy with who I end up with, they aren’t stupid and just … vain are they?” Peter had to laugh to himself, Tony kicked him under the bench, “Dude! Not funny! I’m being serious!” Peter held his hands up in a kind of stop motion, as if to say, ‘sorry, sorry, I get it.’ Peter guessed that Tony’s date 2
The flash of a gun fire lit the hallway as the bullet whizzed towards them, Steve moved himself as quickly as possible to be in front of Tony and Peter dodged the bullet using his speed. Peter took a rapid breath before he watched the shooter dive into his room and heard the window smash, he turned to check on his parents.
“Only a little Shell-head. Watch your back till I get back, will you? How’s the kid?” Peter could hear faint mumbling of a TV on Steve’s end of the conversation, clearly the team of spies had checked into a hotel for the night.
He held out his hand to help Clint off of the the machine’s metallic board. Clint reached forward and groaned at the stiffness of his bone. “Next time we go camping, I’m pitching my tent at least three miles away from yours.” Steve chuckled lightly, “Next time I think we should just get a motel.” Clint stretched a little once he stood up, reaching down to touch his toes and back up. He smiled at Steve, “Ready to bust out of here?” Steve nodded enthusiastically.
December 1991– 2AM
Jarvis took in the appearance of Tony and compared it to Peter, now knowing the true, he was so proud of Tony, Peter was a sweet kid, smart and very polite but what always would break Jarvis’ heart was Tony’s choice of words,
The doors open, and the group walked towards a large office with double door. The guards stopped either side of the doors and Tony, Peter and Peggy walked inside, before Steve could cross the threshold Peggy turned towards Steve, who had stopped and titled his head, questioning them stopping.
“You gave him the watch? Good call, I think he needs it, don’t you? Whatever it takes to get him home Tony we are not alone. His family are trying from their end, he just needs to stay strong and stay patient. Which is definitely a family weakness.” The rustling of fabrics could be heard from the other end, Steve was heading to bed.
“We don’t know what happened yet, but we are sure as hell are hot on his trail. You want some revenge?” Clint slid into the room, Bow at the ready. Steve nodded, straightened his back and marched down the hall, pulling the shield off his back and had it at the ready on his forearm. The Starks were dead. Tony was dead. He’s lost his family. Again. He’s alone now. Nothing to lose.
“Peter! Another crack opened, your Dad couldn’t hold it open this time but enough for me to connect to the servers again. They left another message.” Peter sat down on his bed, leaning back to lie down. “Play it Karen.”
“PETER!” Peter’s head and everyone else’s in the room shot up to look at the orb which had created a wide-open crack where one Tony Stark stood on the other side of calling out to his son. Peter ran forward before anyone could grab him behind the safety glass. “Dad!?” Peter stopped just before the crack, his hair blowing in every direction due to the winds the crack was causing. His dad looked exhausted, he was still wearing the shirt he wore when he left his time, his trousers switched out for joggers, his goatee and hair looking particularly shaggy with lack of care. “Oh, thank god, Peter! Are you ok!? FRIDAY get the team down here now!”
Steve stood up and Peter looked up towards him, Steve gestured for Peter to leave first out the room, Peter nodded and led the way to the kitchen living room. Peter grabbed two tall glasses of water and handed one to Steve knowing that hydrating helped headaches with the super serum.
Clint slammed his foot on the breaks. The Winter Soldier, stepped to the side as the truck skidded by him. The truck stopped a few hundred yards ahead of him. Clint quickly looked back over his shoulder, out the back window the soldier made his way towards the truck. Steve leaned over, behind the seat, he grabbed his shield.
“Boss, sir and younger sir, Thor has arrived outside the complex,” FRIDAY informed. Peter climbed up over the couch to stand behind his parents. “If he burns up the front lawn grass again he’s paying the gardener bill this time!” Tony yelled out to FRIDAY. The elevator binged as the sleek doors opened for Thor. “Tony, Captain and young nephew Peter! I am pleased to see you are doing well. I stopped by to bring you the gauntlet from today’s enemy!” Thor bellowed to the family. Peter ran out from behind the couch to jump and give his Uncle Thor a hug, but before Peter could take the final leap for a hug, his Uncle Clint appeared from behind Thor’s large body and stole the hug.
Steve buckled the haggard safety harness, preparing himself for the jet to land. While Steve didn’t always agree with Tony’s ‘baby-sitting’ protocols that the suit had been developed with, he was grateful for it in this moment, the tracker that they’d added after a serious fight in New York had left their home in ruins and Peter twenty feet under rubble. Steve rested his head back on the headrest, closing his eyes, he played with his ring, the constant back and forth motion achieved by his thumb, a bad habit of his in stressful situations, he considered it his subconscious’ way of wanting Tony with him.
He threw his head back on to the cushioned head rest. Time to himself, for the moment at least, time alone with his own thoughts, his mind wandered, he wiggled his toes in his boots trying to get the feeling back. When he wiggled his fingers, he heard the distinct sound of paper crinkling in his glove. His eye shot open. The photo!
“I need to get packed for going home,” Peter spoke slowly, the careful choice of words in his tired state, Steve smiled as he patted Peter’s back, “Let me give you a hand, your dad wanted me to make sure the suit was still in one piece.” Steve lightly gestured over to his belt, discarded on the large oak dining table. “I’ve also got a few extra web shooter cartridges with me just incase.” Peter gripped onto his pop’s shirt quickly as a thanks before pushing himself up to sit back on his heels.”Come on Pops, I’ve left the suit hanging up in my room.” Peter yawned grabbing two ends of the blanket to give himself a cape. Peter trailed the blanket with him down the hallway, reshuffling it on his shoulders as he turned into his room.
Peter wanted to smack his dad silly. How could his parents ever dislike each this much? These results didn’t match his fallout chart for his parents, this was off the scale. How could Peter convince his Dad to fall in love with Pops, this shouldn’t have been hard, they are always acting lovely dovey nonsense to each other. This does not compute!
Tony and Peter walked slowly back toward the flat. Shield guards followed closely behind the pair as they made their way into their flat. They silently spilt off to each of their rooms. Peter grabbed the duffle from the foot of the bed, opening it wide on the bed and chucking clothing in from the floor. He didn’t have much stuff in this time, so he was finished first and walked back into the living room where Steve was directing soldiers around the property. Peter dumped the bag on the kitchen table and stood fidgeting, unsure of what was going to happen now, he never thought of the possibility that he could die in 1991. His parents could watch him die and not know it was him until he was born.
design us at every development.” Steve wasn’t too please about the missile improvement, but it was so Tony to be ahead of everyone else in the world. “Are you surprised?” He asked the semi sarcastic question. “No, but it is a reason to have a very large target painted on my godson’s head.”
“When Howard offered to buy me a flat, I just didn’t want be – “  alone
An awkward cough from behind Peter broke the peaceful moment of the small family reunion, Peter’s grin grew as he watch his Pop’s face transform into a smirk. A sly quirk of the lips. Tony finally looked up from Peter to find a very young Steve Rogers, cautiously stepping into the compound, the bright red, white and blue suit far more vibrant than he could ever remember it being. Peter patted his dad’s back as he let go and stood by his Pops.
Romanoff looked off out of the window, lost in thought. “He has your smile. He just…. whether he’s your long-lost child or a nephew or something, you don’t get a smile like that without having time to grow up with it. There’s something about him, besides being a weird kid.”
“So, gotta start the questions somewhere, how about tennis questions, you ask one and then I’ll ask one. I’ll go first, Where are you from?” Peter raised his head to Tony with a smile, they had blasted through the vegetable chopping and now were assembling the pasta bake in the casserole dish. “Ok, uh, born in New York, lived in the Upper East Side District until a couple of years ago when we moved out of the city. My turn uh… Where are we anyway, like on a map kind of thing?” Tony chuckled at the question, but he kept in mind the answer to his question. Peter was as brash as he was certainly spoke with New York tone as he does, but well-spoken in general. Once they had placed the dish in the oven, Peter automatically set about tidying up the mess from the assembling of the dinner, Tony could only watch as Peter started to clear a space to eat the dinner together.
“Tony… how long do you think I’m going to be here?...” Tony was slightly caught off guard by the question, but he knew at some point it would be asked. “I don’t know, I’m curious though, if this was supposed to happen, then why wouldn’t I tell you it happened to like prepare you with gadgets and important dates?” Tony thought through the different scenarios of why he wouldn’t have told Peter anything to do about this whole-time travel thing… maybe he was from a parallel universe, that Peter wasn’t actually this Tony’s son, it would explain not knowing anything. Though Peter did say he was attacked suddenly, maybe older him though he had more time.
“So, future boy, what’s it like?” Natasha closed her eyes, a soft smile graced her face. Peter smiled up at her, “You are my Aunty Natasha, you are teaching me European languages, we booked a trip to Venice as test with Unc.. another Uncle of mine and hand to hand combat! I’m shooting up the Shield ranks like my Pops did!” Peter’s arms flailed with excitement. Natasha glanced down at him, bemused. “really?” The sort of exaggerated excitement that comes with entertaining a young child. “Yeah and I’m learning archery from Uncle Clint and Dad’s teaching me about engineering with the web-shooters and Pops, well he was rest a broken arm before I left.”
This is a Tony aged like fine wine, a few scars hidden in his face, hidden behind a goatee and a blazing smile. This Tony grew up, dazzling him in a three piece suit, a Tony who fell in love with
Tony slowly walked around the edge of the desk, his head tilted slightly as if he were approaching a frightened child. Steve’s jaw was slack, Tony’s beard had grown out, he had on one of his roughed up mechanics top, clearly oil stained, as it should be. His beat up painting joggers, falling slightly off his right hip. His breath left him, just for a second, filling that away for another day. A very different man from the one down stairs dressed in his three piece suit. Tony Rogers, he shivered at the thought. He raised his arms up towards Tony, Tony Stark who stopped to question Steve’s intentions, but the frightened Captain really just wanted his friend back.
“Just we miss you Peter, We love you and don’t forget,” Tony looked up to Steve and back towards the camera, “You’re a Roger, stay strong and use that big brain of yours and help us get you home.” A loud clatter from behind the pair distracted them both from the camera. Peter even looked off in the distance of the workshop in the video. His family were walking into the lab from the garage door entrance, carrying large bags of supermarket snacks and pizza boxes into the lab. All dressed in joggers and Avengers hoodies the team walked up to his parents. “What’s going on Tony?” Bruce dropped two pizza boxes next to the couple.
This could not be happening, not now.
Steve brought his hands in-between the pair, he pulled of the velcro of his gloves as fast as he could, throwing them off to the side, he took his sons face in his hands, giving his the once over, Peter’s hair was wild, the long over sized curls and waves sat chaotically on top of his head, the slightly brown undertone around his lower jaw as he’d started the possibility of facial hair. Steve kissed the top of his son’s head. He was alright, he’d made it to him. Peter curled his hand around the brown strap over his Pop’s chest. “You’re really here, you came to get me… I can go home?” Steve’s heart broke, “I’m so sorry it took us so long to get you, but we are going home, the whole family is waiting on us, they cant wait.” he’d failed his son by not getting to him fast enough but he was damn well
Peter and Pops at the beach. He was Peter’s father! He was Tony’s husband?… The thought left a shiver down his spine. He married his best friend and had a son… he had a strange life, that was for sure. The thought was spoilt at the realisation that he’d failed his family… Tony and Peter are dead.
but Rhodey didn’t know him as well as Steve did. He looked down to his son, this was the life he thought of for his self, in a dream throughout his childhood, he’d always knew he was going to be better than Howard, that wasn’t exactly hard but to truly be in love and to be loved back. Tony felt content with his lot in life. Plus a couple of billion dollars to his name, a husband built like a Greek god and a genius kid who adored him, Tony had hit the jackpot.
half, passing out regar
‘That’s the anomaly’
Peter snorted out of the side of his mouth, “Good luck with that, you should say it to a mirror.”
Or anything just, didn’t realise you guys were like that.” Steve pushed past Clint and threw his shield at two approaching guards, knocking them off the catwalk. “We weren’t… not like that, I want to.. I wish i’d… but its too late. We..” Steve retrieved his shield, “ I ignored his last call, just I wouldn’t have said anything to him but … I miss him.” Clint rested his out stretched hand on Steve’s shoulder and gently squeezed.
reaches. I will not ask again.” Steve out stretched his arm over the edge of the eighth floor glass barriers to the wide open atrium. “Where is Peter.” Steve was surrounded by Shield guards, weapons aimed at his head. His back was vulnerable, the shield attached to his outstretched arm. Peggy pushed through the guard’s semi-circle of aim and cried out, “Steve, please stop!”
Once Tony removed himself from the boiler, he found Peter setting out a chili and rice dinner. Exhausted Peter and Tony fell on to the old couch and stretched out. Peter became lost in thought about his family. He missed them so much, he wanted his Pop’s hugs, training sessions at stupid times in the morning and father/son painting time that he saved just for Peter, they were moving on to water colours next week or 25 years and a week… and his Dad, he missed the lab, he missed Friday and his family. He was supposed to go camping with Uncles Sam and Clint that weekend. He missed his friends from school and his homework. Well he missed that the least.
kneeled in front of him, using his hands to check him over, only worried about Peter. '
“Well, I did say I wanted to go home…” Peter muttered under his breathe, looking out the SUV’s window on the familiar but far from modern compound that he lives in. “You know this place Peter?” Tony was watching Peter’s reaction and Tony’s voice brought the attention of Steve, Coulson and Fury on this detail. “Uh yeah, well the fully renovated compound, spent a lot of time here that’s all.”
Peter turned to his Uncle form, “Hey, Thor what’s the update?” Thor moved them over to a bench further along the path.  “Pace has continued since your departure Nephew. Your dad believes he is close to finding an answer as to how to bring you home.” Peter sighed as he sat down. “Your hair is long young nephew. I didn’t know it would grow that fast?” Peter leaned back into the bench, throwing his hands into the front of his hoodie, stretching his legs out. “I’ve not had my hair cut since I got here, I really need to its been like 2 months.” Thor jumped up and stared off into the distance again. Peter just stayed in his relaxed position, watching as his Uncle stood frozen in place.
By the time the pair arrived at the outer grounds of the Stark Mansion it was 1pm perfect time to have lunch with the Jarvis family before the Stark family sit down for dinner. Tony looked stressed while they drove through the beautifully kept Stark gardens. Heading towards the mansion front door up the large gravel driveway. Noticeably empty of Howard’s car or cars, Tony was glad that he could introduce Peter to Jarvis in peace.
Peter rolled over on to his back, barely awake, he slowly played with his pop’s hand, moving each finger and rolling his wrist for him. Steve smiled down at Peter’s tired state, resting his chin on top of Peter’s hair. Resting his eyes for just a moment, feeling Peter’s steady breath through his chest. Peter shuffled over to look up at his pops.
“Oh and Tony?” Tony stopped and turned halfway up the stairs, “Your parents are delayed in the city, so it’s just us for dinner tonight!” Tony smiled back relief clear on his face. Peter quickly grabbed his bag from next to the main door, he followed Tony up the main grand stair case and towards the East hallway. Tony opened the door to his room first, Peter was hit by a nauseating wave a déjà vu. The poster were the same just last fade, Peter slowly walked in, taking in the room once again. He walked over to the desk to sit his duffle bag on top of. “I’ll quickly unpack and then I’ll show you to your room. Just chill on the bed If you want!” Tony decided it was worth having a shower before dinner so he left Peter to wander his room.
Steve hesitantly walked towards the group, his steps slow, feeling the crunch of the branches under his boots. He tried his best to school his face and features to be confident and less stressed
“We missed you so, so much.”
Peter decided to wander round the apartment for a bit because at the mention of food he was feeling pretty hungry. He spotted some energy bars on the kitchen island and munched them down without much of a care. He wandered down the hallway across from the living room. While this place was big for a student apartment it didn’t really scream modern Stark place, even for the 90’s. Peter found his dad’s or maybe best to say Tony’s office/study at the end of the hallway, his bedroom, a spare and his Pop’s room. Peter wandered into his Pop’s bedroom to see what it was like. Everything was neat and tidy which was no surprise but what was surprising was the layer of dust covering everything in the room, clearly the bed had not been slept on in a while as the layer of dust covered the cover and pillows. Prints of famous paintings lined the walls along with random marks of paint and charcoal. He found the letter that he had read with his parents yesterday, on the desk, fresh with crystal white paper but had already be crumpled up and flatted out again. It was the letter requesting his Pops back into service, Peter guessed that this must mean two things; one his parents were not together and two this was the argument that drove them apart, they weren’t even friends right now. Oh boy. Peter walked out of his Pops room and shut the door behind him, deciding to explore his Da… Tony’s room. Peter heard the front door keys rattle in the lock.
“You know we’ll watch the monitors to make sure you get back with them?” Tony turned on his heels to find Clint spinning around in his desk chair. He jumped out of his skin, “How the hell are you still so silent Legolas! Damn you! Where you watching me?” Tony scrambled and threw a wade of paper at Clint’s head. Thor reached out his arm to catch the ball of paper. “He is right my friend! We will stand vigil as you go find the Captain and young Peter! We swear on our lives!
Jarvis caught the pair off guard from coming from the direction past Howard’s office. He looked up at the pair, who were wide eyed, Peter looked over his shoulder to Tony, Tony shrugged and mouthed out to Jarvis, ‘This isn’t the worst thing you’ve seen me do.’ Jarvis tilled his head slightly, rolling his eye he stepped into the kitchen, “How may I help Sir.”
“Of course you don’t. I’ll just have to work on that.” Steve held out his hand, wiggling his fingers for Tony to take his hand, smirking with a raised eyebrow. “Come on, Peggy is down stairs with Peter.” Tony hesitantly reached out to accept Steve’s hand.
had his arms curled around Peter’s back who had fallen to kneel on his dad’s thighs. One arm gripping tightly around his waist and the other clutching at his son’s hair, muttering lost words into his son’s neck. Peter’s arms curled into his dad’s chest, Steve at least could hear his stuttered breaths.
“Wanna build a fort?!” Tony asked, Peter had a massive grin on his face. “I’ll grab the pillows and kitchen chairs, do we need a turret in our fort, I’ll grab the bedframe as well.”
Thank you very much for all your support after all this time, I hope this was worth the wait!
Steve turned quickly away from the device, “If something happened to him or Howard and I was in contact with them, I could be held responsible, if that device gave away their location. I really should just destroy it I… I just can’t quite do it.” Natasha raised her chin up slightly, as if she understood his situation, “what if it cheers you up though? This is a lonely career to be in, for all of us.” Steve turned back to look at the device. “One last time Wing-head, you there? What? Shut up Peter, you’re not in heaven, Ana’s stew does that to people!”
Tony lead the way down close to the protective screens, a loud crack sounded through the office, Tony had to close his eyes as bright purple light filled the room, when he opened his eyes again the large anomaly stood wider than before, certainly less reactive and more stable than before. Peggy stood next to her godson and greeted the future, “Mr Stark. Captain Rogers and others.” They stood crowded round the anomaly on their side. The Avengers stood arms crossed in the back, Captain Rogers of the future had his shield at the ready, the scowl on his face, highlighted his age in young Tony’s eyes, the slight wrinkling around his eyes in forehead, man he missed his friend. He moved his attention to his future self. Anger clear on his face, Tony hadn’t realised that ‘Uncle Thor’ stood closely behind the pair.
, he couldn’t admit that to himself, not yet, “overwhelming, technology and just the amount of people on campus.” Clint peaked out from his blanket fort.
“Aunt Peggy, can I … I have to ask, what’s…”Tony sighed. his shoulders slumping down, he picked up the briefcase and gestured his arm out for Peggy to make her way to the door. “Is Steve ok?” She stopped just short of opening the doors, Peggy turned with her hand still on the brass handle, to look back at her godson. Tony stood with both his hands on the worn tan leather
Steve held his arm strong but turned his head back toward Peggy. “We don’t know where he is but he’s in America. Put Pierce down!” Steve tightened his grip on Pierce, “Peggy, I’m going to go out and find my son.” Steve turned around, swinging his arm with him, he threw Pierce into the office doors at the other end of the polished white hallway. “I want to make it very clear. I want him out of Shield. I want you,” Steve marched forward, he stood posed and tall, looking down on Peggy, “To do your damn job and run Shield. When I get back to the compound with him, it will be the last time you bother my son again. Understood?” Steve doesn’t wait for an answer so he marched his way to the stair case. Peggy ran the short distance to catch up.
“I’ll give you the handkerchief comment but stop the blasphemy.” Steve was starting to get tired. “Fine, Shield MedEVAC. One minute out. Can you hold out.” Steve closed his eyes, how did he even get into these situations, he’s a seventy-three-year-old man, fighting a Hydra assassin with his shield dressed in his old patriotic suit. That reminded him, he should really ask for a new one, maybe tone down the colours. Especially because there’s a bullet hole in it.
Peggy thumped her elbows down on top of her desk, agitated, she ran her hands through her head. She’d need to call them back. An idea came to her. She stopped for a second to think it through. Leaning forward cautiously, she reached for the phone. “I need Romanoff. Just Romanoff. Bring the other two back for a medical check then send them out again. No contact with the civil world. Thank you.”
“Ok, Thank you Doctor.” Natasha gestured for the doctor to leave. She did so with a confused look on her face. “Don’t say it.” Steve said out to the empty cabin. He didn’t want to hear it. “I wasn’t going to. You’re smart enough for me not to. But it doesn’t add up. Even you can see the possible connections.” Steve sighed, he didn’t think Natasha would even bother about Peter, she wasn’t in the room with them when Peter’s parents spoke. She didn’t know that Steve had already met both Peter’s parents. They were smart workaholic scientists, Tony was Tony, but Peter’s father seemed … nice. Natasha didn’t know, so he couldn’t tell her that he at best, was maybe an uncle or a godfather.
Natasha was seated in front of the desktop computer. “Captain.” Steve turned around, the screen was displaying a newspaper headline for tomorrow. Steve clenched his fists before forcing them to relax. A handful of windows were open with other headlines.
Tony turned pulling open the door he slammed it behind himself. Marching down the hallway he stayed calm. Sliding his key card in the door, he pushed it open forcefully and slowly shut it behind him. He pressed the back of his head against the door, letting out the stress. He smiled, his first real one in months. Letting out a silent scream, turning rapidly to give middle finger guns to the door. Fuck you Fury! Tony cheered to himself. Steve could do that to him, he’d be seeing Steve again soon and when he did. He’d never let go of him again, he’d take him away from Shield, no matter what. He just needed to wait. His eyes shot open, an idea playing in his head.
How hard can it be!” Thor smiled with a wide cheeky grin at the small group, pretending to exaggeratedly type over Tony’s keyboard. Tony nodded slowly, coming around on the idea.
Steve slammed the door behind him, the wood slightly bending due to the force, but it kept the winter chill out. Even if there was a large draft coming in from under the door. Steve kicked the towels they were using as draft excluder, with the back of his boots. Dropping the logs next to the wood burning stove. Clint was curled up next to it, wrapped in at least two thick woollen blankets, only the tips of his boots poked out from the bottom. Steve could feel the chill setting into his bones, an unfortunate reminder of his time stuck in the ice. But he was bigger than that now. He was currently hiding out in an old safe house of Shield somewhere in North Dakota.
If there are any blinding mistakes be sure to let me know and ill give it an update in the near future!
Peter woke up to a pillow being slapped against his face, he tried to wake himself up to react a bit better but before he could get his bearings he was hit once again. A deep voice called out, “Now, I didn’t know Tony let his … overnight guests stay over, in Roger’s room no less.” The pillow once again headed towards Peter’s face but this time, Peter used his super speed and strength to grab the arm in its place. Peter glared at the man standing above his bed. “Obadiah, leave him alone, here,” Tony poked his head round the corner. Holding out a brown A4 envelope towards Stane. “Look I’ve signed off on the new rocket propulsion system and I fixed the wing design on the series 53.” Stane turned round to face Tony with a devious smirk, “There was nothing broken about the wing design Tony, but thank you for your contribution to this month sells on the army contract.” Stane turned round to look Peter up and down. “When did you start letting them stay round? What does Rogers think of this, In his room, even?” Tony frowned at Stane’s feigned interest and point towards the door. “Thanks, for the monthly visit Stane, time to leave me alone again.” Stane chuckled, as he walked out the door he turned once more to look back at Peter. “Strong for your size boy, impressive…” nodding to himself. Peter held his glare at Stane until he left the room. When Peter finally left his room Stane was almost out the door. “Tony, remember what your father said, enjoy,” He gestured towards Peter at the end of the hall. “… this life while you’re at college but come May when you graduate you are a Stark Industries owner, you can’t be seen keeping company with these types of men.” Tony held a stare at Stane “Yeah, yeah I got it. Leave now, report back to Howard or whatever it is you do.” Tony shut the door loudly behind Stane. Peter jumped at the noise, he then pulled his blanket cap back up his shoulders. Tony turned and leaned his back against the door, closing his eyes he leaned his head up to thump it behind the door. Tony turned his head looking towards Peter, “you know he’s only 28?” Peter’s mouth opened in shock.
“Depends on how long Directors Stark and Carter give me before I’m needed again, best bet is 3 days,” Steve rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, “Do you think I can crash here, I know you’re probably in the other room but I’ll take the couch...” Peter quickly interrupted jumping off his seated position on the kitchen counter top. “Yes!” Peter said slightly too quickly for normal conversation, “I mean I moved into the smaller office, just in case… you came back! I’m hoping I’m not here for too long…” Peter seemed down cast at the end of his sentence, it was cool to see a young Captain Steve G. Rogers.
“Peter!?” He can hear Steve’s voice calling out to the echoing space of the fire exits. Peter let out the smallest whimper for help, Steve’s super hearing picked it up and jumped over the edge of the railing to drop the 7 storeys to the ground floor. The ground cracking around his boots at the impact. He looked up to Peter and quickly engulfed the kid in a hug, keeping him in the darkness of the staircase. “I’m so sorry, I know what it is like to be a man out of their time.”
As they sat down to dinner, Peter and Tony spent the night trading stories from school or from their families, Peter heavily modifying some to play into the normal family life. Speaking to each other late into the night, Tony was finishing up his story on how he disproved his lecturer’s thesis in a total of 5 minutes in front of his class.
Peter turned around to look at the broken device. With an up-close look, Peter poked at the device, following the wire trail and inspect the circuit board inside, he turned to look at Ana, who had been watching him, “No, he broke the circuit in half, I would need Tony’s knowledge as to how the pieces match together. Sorry.” Ana patted his shoulder, as a thank you for trying. Jarvis, Ana and Peter jumped when a large piece of furniture hit the ground and shattered.
Lost in thought, Peter jumped when Steve called his name. Peter looked up to Steve with tear streaked eyes. “We will head to an old flat I own in Brooklyn. Director Carter has organised a flight for us in an hour. You’ll be ok kid, I promise, I’ll protect you.” Steve didn’t even know how important he was. Peter knew that if he died protecting Peter, Peter would never be born. He literally couldn’t let anyone get hurt. Peter hadn’t realised he wasn’t breathing until he saw his Pop’s hand reach out to catch him before passing out.
“I said some things to him and kicked him out. After the whole Howard situation.”
The pair made their way down the path of the national mall, passing a few couples and students lounging in various areas across the grass, heading towards the American history museum. The pair made their way onto the grass to cut across the gravel path, keeping their noise to the minimum, Clint cut sharp to the right and made his way to the side of the building. Checking the alley way left and right he fired his arrow up onto the roof. After it anchored in, Clint began to repeal up the side of the building.
“TONY!” Steve interjected with a mouth full of apple.
Tony was feeling grateful that Peter had inherited his brains and not this guys, jeez at least someone in his family was smart enough to keep up with him. But he didn’t call this Thor guy dad either, he really needs to focus more on the moment, his mind wandered again.
The Directors all jumped in their skins when Steve lurched dramatically forward in his restraints. Director Pierce coughed awkwardly and stepped forward, not fully intimidated by his lurch forward. “Captain the kids knowledge of the future could have changed the future of Shield, knowing where our enemies are going to be, saving lives! We just want to know who told you?” Steve kept a strict face and a deep tone. “People who should not be alive. That in its self is dangerous. I don’t care what you think I would have done. He was my son. My
Peter just watched as his… scumbag of a grandfather torn into his Pops. His Pops didn’t have many friends, yes, he had the avengers, they were great friends, but they weren’t solely his friends, he shared them with dad which wasn’t bad just it was noticeable. Peter always wondered why his Pops liked having him around so much, he just thought it was cause he wanted to be close to his son, but Peter could kinda see now that his Pops just wanted another friend. Maybe one who would actually outlive him. Peter wanted to give Steve a hug right now, tell him its going to be ok, that he’s not alone forever, because he knows now, this Steve is just a very lonely man.
“You should come to my class after lunch, keep your mind fresh, it’d be a shame to see a Stark’s genius go to waste.” Tony took a big bite of the roll, munching on it loudly, “Really? I’ve never been to a lecture before, you sure it won’t be too advanced for me?” Tony snorted, a couple of crumbs flew out his mouth, Peter backed away, slightly disgusted at the spit/crumbs. “That’s funny, dude, you’re going to be disappointed in the American education system. I spend my time perfecting my AI guidance system.” Tony finally swallowed the roll, taking a sip of the coffee to help it down, “Kid, it’s embarrassing for the lecturer, like you know the advanced moral ethics of modern robotics?” Peter nodded, worried for how actually stupid this lecturer was, “He’s convinced that it’s like, maybe it’s an old film for you, but this summer a movie called Terminator 2 came out and I swear he lost the plot after that!”
“Of course Peter.” Peter smiled in the air towards the holograph, he turned, looking at Tony who was just amazed at the holograph that was searching a map, marking apartments nearby.
Steve let out a laugh, “He’s fine, I’ll speak to him tomorrow, after we’ve had our meeting, come on you two, time to sleep.” Steve reached over to the sleeping bags chucking them towards each person. Steve grabbed his, unpacking it and laying it out, slipping in the top, wrapping the hood over his hair line, he turned on his side, facing towards the table, he started at it for a minute or two. “Oh well, I’ll try again tomorrow, night Wing-head.”
Peter let out his breath slowly, the air came out, slow and stutter. “You’re going to be able to sense the whole compound in a single second and it will be overwhelming, trust me, I ran into a shop window because I couldn’t figure it out!” Peter’s next breath gave room for a little laugh, “Step one, son, breathing. If you can make it the loudest thing you hear then it can be a controlling factor. Take a large one in, if it helps, whistle as you breathe out, high pitched noises are particularly distracting.”
“Get some sleep Shell-head, you need to be fresh for school tomorrow and I need to catch a shooter. Sleep well Shell-head, Wing-head out.”
on to the Jarvis family.” Clint continued despite Steve’s pained look.
Tony hummed, hooking the basket under his arm against his body. Making his way out the room and down the hall. Turning off the lights, he strolled down the hallway. Finally at Peace that tomorrow, he’d had have his family all back together.
Tony couldn’t help himself when setting this train of thought loose. What if now that Howard had passed away, that there was no need for Steve to stay friends with him anymore? The evidence was there, no phone calls, no visits, he didn’t even turn up to the burial. That was a clear enough message for Tony. But… He couldn’t help it, what if he called Steve asked for anything… just something to get him back with him. God he’d take him as his goddamn care-taker again. The opening of his office door broke his thought. He looked up quickly in mild surprise but schooled his face back.
He sighed, condensation forming on the glass in front of him, don’t blame Steve, don’t get mad or upset, don’t do something stupid like… cry in front of him. What would he say? ‘Hey Steve how have you been? I’ve been busy with work and having sooo much fun without you.’ He rolled his eyes at himself, ‘Steve, I miss you, i’ve kept your room nice and tidy if you want to come home, or…’
Peter sighed and screwed his face. Reaching for the cupboard in the corner, he pulled out the broom closest to the door, the brown one ought to do the job. Twisting it each side to inspect his weapon of choice, Peter grabbed a hold of the brush and proceeded to poke his Pops in the back. “Please stop. I need sustenance for my brain so I can get an education. Off the counter as well, you guys are worse than the seniors at school!”
Clint grabbed his quiver and bow from the corner of the concrete cell. “Let’s go Cap, we don’t have much time.” Steve quickly marched to follow Clint, “They’re going to after Nat, we need to get a message to her some how and quick.” Clint held his arm out to stop Steve turning the corner. He took a deep breath and quick aim his arrow and released it down the hall. Three successive thud’s of bodies hitting the ground. “Sounds like a good plan, they at least let me know that they don’t have a clue where she is. but that doesn’t mean they aren’t closing in!” Steve
Edit: Apologies! I've edited the chapter so that
“You alright kid, you look like you’re high on something, could explain how you ended up in my flat but even you look a bit young to be partying like that … I’m Tony, by the way and you are?”  The young Tony asked, rubbing the middle of his forehead.
The lack of conversation filled the room with the sounds of the news broadcaster and the yelling of a couple outside the door. Peter leaned back, pulling up the pillows to the backboard to give him a comfortable place to relax on. He rested his head back looking up to the ceiling. He let out a soft whistle.  He let the world embrace his senses. He could smell the petrol fumes from the car outside, the smell of the hotdog vendor a block down the street. He turned over on his shoulder, pulling the blanket up over his shoulders, he needed sleep, he’d get prepared for washing and packing for the next week, if shield protocol was the same, then they were going to send out the best spies to find him.
Peter subtly opened his eye to check if Tony was watching him, he shut them again and decided to just listen to his parents be dorks to each other. It was a nice remaindered that they are still like his parents just… not quite ready for him.
of all people wanted to take him away from me? That he thinks I’m dead!? When he’s lost
Steve shook his head of his train of thought, not possible. The kid would have told him? Maybe? Would he even want to know more about his future with Tony or without, he was close to Peter, that would have to be enough he guessed, but Peter took after his mannerisms…and the way he stood—
“I’m sorry Steve, I can’t bring him back but now,” Clint opened the door slowly for the hanger bay, crouching down and peaking round the corner. “we are technically disavowed Shield agents on the run, so let's save Nat and kill that assassin that took your family away.” Steve nodded, determined to fix this as best as he could. The pair both crouched and slowly pushed open the door. The shield agents weren’t here but the scientists were, Clint lead the way past the desks around the out edge of the aircraft hanger.
The two back doors of the ambulance slammed shut and Steve pulled himself up and on to the gurney. He leaned back on to the bed and closed his eyes when a pillow hit him square in the face. He didn’t even open his eyes as he moved the pillow behind him to prop up his head. “Captain, I’m Doctor Willems, are you ok with me doing a check on the wound?” A female doctor made her way in from the cabin at the front. Steve nodded. She quick assessed that they had managed to pull out all the fragments correctly and that the serum would heal the wound over in a couple of hours.
Steve kicked open the door, he caught a small glimpse of a shadow heading out the door. In his frustration and rage, he threw the shield against the wall, bouncing off, it flew down the hallway towards his target. Steve sprinted down the hall to find his shield deflected into the wall, he pulled in roughly out of the wall as he ran by. The winter solider jumped out the window. Steve stopped short, looking over the cliff’s sharp edge. He screamed out in rage into the abyss. Slamming his fist into the concrete wall. The dust flying over his ruined suit. Clint had finally caught up, staying at a distance from Steve.
“What do you want?” He could hide how tired his voice sounded, but what was the point.  He made his way around to the other side of the desk, throwing himself down into the office chair, bouncing slightly with it. “I’m just shocked you are alive, Tony, seriously, how did you survive?” Tony screwed up his face. “Survive? Survive what? My parent’s funeral? What are you even doing here. I thought your last check in was in Budapest or something.” Tony swung his heals up and on to the edge of his desk. Leaning back, crossing his arms and closing his eyes, for a fake nap. “It doesn’t matter where we’ve been, Tony, where have you been, you’re supposed to be dead. The whole world thinks you died in the car crash! Oh shit…” Tony raised his head immediately, “What?!” Natasha sat down in the chair across the desk from Tony, “Tony, we… we were told you’d died. Carter left to see the accident, she came back like two hours later and told us you had all died. We went to your funeral for Christ sake!” Tony sat up in his chair, pulling his keyboard closer to him, “She came to tell me the accident had happened.”
Move his family to comfort and safety then go find Buck. Tony wasn’t going to like this.
Peter sat down on the bed that was his home for his last night before going back to 1991. He stood up and made his way towards the walking closet, he was curious to see if the t-shirts he took in 2018 are here just now. Opening the door Peter stepped in and stopped when the photos blue-tacked on the back of the white door. The first couple were of Tony and Rhodey, the first had Rhodey collapsed on top of Tony in full football gear. Both of them laughing.
Peter was gently nudged awake. “Hey kid, sorry you need to get up to get on the plane. I’m nowhere as strong as Steve, so I can’t carry you onboard this time.” Peter shook his head side to side. Trying to wake himself up he slide out of the seat. Shutting the door of the car behind him. Peter made his way up the stairs of the private Stark family jet. He threw himself into one of the reclining seats towards the back of the plane, facing forwards. He reached over into the seat beside him and pulled the red blanket across his body. The Stark Industries logo embroidered on the blanket In the lower corner. He shut his eyes, just wanting to hide from the world he was in for a while longer.
“Captain Rogers, while my godson does not need to see his father, Director Stark has requested your presence to fil him in on your report of the Sahara Delta 4 mission. You will no longer be needed here. Afterwards grab Barton and report back to my office, Understood.” Steve frowned, opening and closing his mouth a couple of times before sighing, “Yes, ma'am understood.”
He hummed as he inspected the blueprints and code. “Thing of beauty Tony. It's like you speak the language of machines. Perfect. I’ll take a copy to my next meeting. They’ll love it.” Obadiah nodded, satisfied with himself. Tony titled his head, keeping his lips tight, watching Obi closely. “Well, make sure it’s on my jet first before you blast it off to the front line.” Tony laughed but kept an eye on Obadiah’s reaction. Obi smirked, taking in a breath, he stood up to button his suit again. “Thank you Tony. You don’t need to work about that, just keep laying these golden eggs and everything will take care of itself!” As Obadiah opened the double doors he looked over his shoulder to give a lazy wave goodbye. “That could sound like a threat!” Tony stared up at Obadiah with a smile. Obadiah just laughed, “Bye Tony.”
“I’d like to think Tony is far from being someone like that. But Howard rubs off on people, not always in his best light, I just wanted to make it clear, I think you are good for Tony, he needs someone to show him the lighter side of life, whenever you’re around he seems, so much …. happier.”
--------
She hated having to be the bad guy but if Steve knew that Peter was his child, then he would know that Anthony was alive. She flicked over the pages in her hand, Howard’s last wishes, Anthony and Steve must be kept apart, they’ll ruin each other. She sighed again, the board of Directors were happy to keep this wish considering Anthony was producing the most powerful weapons mankind had ever seen and Steve was wiping out all Hydra operatives one by one. She couldn’t argue that friendship is more important than these results. “Thank you again, please be gentle with them, they’ve been through a lot.”
As sky began to lighten on a new day, Peter decided to see if Maria was up yet for her walk, he made his way quietly down the stairs. Tiptoeing past Howard’s office in case he was still awake, opening the kitchen door, he found Maria, leaning down to tie her shoes, Peter just stood in the doorway staring at her with tired eyes, she looked up to find Peter, “I’m glad someone decided to take me up on my offer!” She stood up and gestured towards the glass double doors leading towards the back of the house. Peter walked forwards and held open the door for Maria.
Well maybe not, he didn’t quite get everything right, he liked shorter hair and a little more… brain cells in the big guys skull, his arm was definitely bigger than his brain, that’s for sure. God what were those conversations like? ‘Hey dear, just finished building the next biggest weapon for the army, how was your day’ Tony imaged the big guy would say something along the lines of. ‘Ah yes, very good, I just finished modelling for June and July on every calendar in the world.’
Tony spotted Barton and Peter and jumped up and ran towards them. He took Peter into a crushing hug, gripping the back of his hair. “Are you alight!?” He pulled back and taking in the sight of Peter before punching his sides and added some strong slaps for good measure, “What, Were, You, Thinking!?” hitting Peter’s side between each word. “That was incredibly stupid! I don’t care what you do when you are back home! NEVER do that again to me!”
Natasha watched as Barton dug around in the wound to find the bullet. She hadn’t received access to Steve’s file, but she could guess that this needed to happen and fast if Barton’s jerky motions were anything to go by. She watched as he suffered through a front-line surgery without painkillers. He was something. She schooled her face to not show the admiration for his ability to suffer through the pain, jealous even, but that skill requires practice and it wasn’t worth the pain.
Steve held Tony out at arm’s length, “T, please don’t, I just got home, I need to know you’re safe! I didn’t bring you to Ma’s old apartment because it’s a Shield hideout, It’s home! You said if we both finished college, we’d move out here start a fresh, But I need you by my side. Please just a chance T?” Tony placed his head in his hands, leaning on his knees.
“First, with our head start, we should stop by my apartment before Shield searches it, I’ve got ammo and fresh armour hidden away. Second, we try and get a hold of Natasha, somehow, Pierce didn’t know it was Nat that told me but its going to be clear pretty soon.” Steve slunk down
“Uh… Yeah, whoops…” Peter fucked up. He knew it, this was a bad idea. What else has he changed now! He’s ruined his dad’s college experience and now he’s going to hate Peter for calling him gay and hate that Peter knows abo….
wrapped his larger frame round the pair, resting his head on Tony’s shoulder. Happy that his little family was whole again. Peter clung tightly to his Dad’s suit, just even taking in the smell of the expensive cologne
macho laugh, of course.
“You know, your Uncle Thor has prepared a feast for a king, a full table spread for when you get home, we didn’t know if you wanted to spend the night with us or not, so your room is clean if you want to just sleep. And my therapist will visit when you’re ready for a chat, if you want?” Steve was taken aback slightly by
Tony mock saluted Peter and Jarvis gave his wife a sweet kiss on the check as the two headed out towards the back door. “Now! Édesem Help me peel potatoes!” She bent down to pull out two large pots, “Oh could you grab the potatoes sack over in the corner, I don’t mind if you drag it over here! Don’t hurt yourself!” Peter grabbed another apron from behind the door, making his a way over to the sack of potatoes, he bent at his knees and picked it up with both hands, he couldn’t even feel the strain anymore.
He was losing his train of thought. He wasn’t going to die, he knew that he couldn’t die from something this small, the bullet wound would heal quickly but if the bullet was still inside when it did, he was going to have to go through a long surgery without
“Oh, Anthony…” Peggy pushed herself up and out of her chair, gently placing her hand on the edge of the old desk to help her round to the other side. Moving to stand and look out the window beside Tony. “ Do you believe for one second that Peter is ashamed of his family? That he isn’t proud to be a Stark?” Peggy rested her hand on his shoulder rubbing her thumb back and forth over his shoulder. Tony’s spine stiffened, straightening as his shoulders rolled back, he raised his head as his mouth twitched into a quick but sad frown.
“You..” Steve stared off past Tony’s shoulder, connecting with Peter, who raised his eyebrows, gesturing wildly at the staircase with his arms and hands stretched out, repeated thrusting them in the general direction. “I gotta go,” Steve ran past Tony’s shoulder, he stopped just with his first foot on the step, “You aren’t leaving yet are you?” Tony turned to look to
It was like a punch in the gut. He had to land on his knees but he was only off balance for a moment, he stood tall shield at his side, ready to face the ten or so guard with their weapons pointing at him. Peggy pushed through the security line, followed closely by Pierce. Steve raised his chin, ready to put them in their place. “What are you doing here!” Steve tilled his head, face trained into a scowl. “I told you, I would come get my son if you hadn’t brought him here.” Steve glared directly at Peirce, “ Where is he.”
“Good evening Peter, I cannot seem to connect to Stark secure servers or Roger family private server. Where are you Peter?” Peter let out a sigh. “Karen, we are currently stuck in 1991, I’m in dad’s college apartment I think its September, if the calendar in the kitchen is on the correct month.” Karen’s code finished it’s set up to begin a scan of the immediate room Peter was in. The holograph let off a strong blue light, it gave Peter subconsciously a feeling of home, it was the same shade as his Dad’s Arc reactor. “I was hoping you would know how to get us home?” Karen stayed quite for a couple of seconds until she chimed in. “I have connected to the nearest 234 servers in the Boston area and I have also created a copy of all files stored on the pentagon network.” Peter tried to hush Karen giving a worried look to the holographic screen from his wrist, “Karen isn’t that illegal!? I just got here I can’t get into trouble, I have to blend in!?” Peter ran his hands through his hair in a frantic panicked motion.
Tony was sitting on the floor his back against the counter knees bent, Peter could hear the rapid gulping of wine, straight from the bottle. The moment Tony spotted Peter, he chucked the bottle in the direction of Peter, who jumped out of the way, even with all his bags. “GET OUT! THIS IS YOUR FAULT!” Peter ran, he just ran, he ran until he hit the edge of the forest, then he just started swinging, he couldn’t think straight. He didn’t stop running until dawn broke.
“Server security in 1991 is not on the same level as I am. If we return home your Dad would be pleased to have these files to hand.” Peter would have spat out his drink if he could.
sat back on his heels, Peter curled into the front of his chest, his eyes glazed over focused only on the dirt a foot in front of him, his hand curled into his son’s back. He made eye contact with himself. He looked as lost as he felt.
“Well, what changed, if your Uncle comes back to us another time you and your parents can work it out? Make a diary of what they remember?” Peter jumped up from the couch and stood toe to toe with Tony. “What do remember specifically from your I don’t know 15
Tony rolled his eyes in a groan and fake anger. “They’re making a mess kiddo! They moved my desk a whole 3 inches out of place! But… they’re working hard to get you home, your Uncle Bruce is breaking down the compound from that evil, evil weapon. Your Aunt Tasha has put the word out in case you’ve surface out in a remote jungle somewhere. Uncle Barton and Thor are attempted other methods of communication, but we just needed to…” Tony looked over his shoulder to Steve, Peter guessed looking for guidance on his words. A first for Tony. “We just wanted to give you and ourselves… hope that you are coming home to us. We did all your laundry in your room, brought your blankets down here to the lab in case you come back during the night…”
The soldier stopped his advancement.
“Ok. Promise?”
Peter pushed the coarse dirt off his face, he took a harsh breath in and whipped his head up to look at Natasha, she stood tall, arms crossed and a proud smirk gracing her face. His hands curled to grip the dirt between his fingers, a few clumps sliding between his wrist and his father’s watch. “Try again.” Natasha brushed down her black vest top and jeans, shifting from a tense action stance to a relaxed position on the back of her heels. Peter used his hands to balance so he could jumped up on to his feet, he spun around ready to strike once again. Natasha uncrossed her arms, placed them down by her sides, she curled her fists, the playful smirk stayed comfortably on her face.
Before Steve could answer Peter decided it was time to poke his head round the corner, “Morning guys!” Even Peter knew that was not smooth. Tony and Steve turned their heads to look at Peter. Steve slowly backed away from Tony, “I’ll tell you why later, ok T?” The use of the nickname if you could call a letter a nickname softens Tony’s expression, “Ok… but Peter is staying ok? He’s a kid, don’t bring him into your secret spy world ok?” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony in a surprise hug, but Tony held on back, both glad that they could just be friends again.
“PETER, DUCK!” As Peter opened his eyes fully he saw the molten liquid whip out towards him, It touched him directly above his left eyebrow. The electric shock to the head pushed Peter back off his feet. As he flew backwards off his feet, his vision was only filled with darkness. The scream of his parents faded out as Peter blacked out.
“Aunt Peggy, please don’t!” Tony turned to a stunned looking Peter for ideas, “If you take him, I’m coming too, to keep him company.” Aunt Peggy once again raised a knowing eyebrow. Ah she knew Tony knew, she was judging his reaction. Steve to a slightly more aggressive face towards Tony’s decision. “alright then my godson and …friend, quickly go get dressed and I’ll wait for you down stairs!” She said pleasantly to Tony with a small pat on the shoulder, but Director Carter turned to Steve, “Same goes for you too Captain Rogers. Down stairs in 10.” Peggy and her soldiers turned around and walked down the stairs.
‘Pops, 98 and Peter,3, Adventures at the Beach.’
“Wheels up in 15, Cap, see you there, I need to restock the arrow heads and grab like a burger, or maybe two? What do you say, ‘Natasha the Great’ hungry?” Barton exclaimed, making everyone but Peter and Tony jump a little.
His breathing was picking up in a panic. He’d lost his best friend because of the assassin, that he failed to catch. He was responsible for his own loss. He’d never see the look on Tony’s face when he would finally pluck up the courage to ask his fella out. Now knowing that it would have worked out, they’d be happy enough to get married and have a family. Did he retire from Shield? He and Tony could easily retired tomorrow if they had wanted to. Steve with his back pay from his time in the ice and Tony because he… he had been a Stark, enough money to have retired the day he was born.
Peggy winced at the slam of the phone from Tony, it was hard to send Steve over to help Tony. Steve had been…kept in the dark, the board of directors thought it would be wise to ‘keep him focused.’ Peggy had refuted the decision, but she had been out voted, they didn’t know Steve, all they saw were results. And even she couldn’t deny that it had produced… effective results. Steve and his small team had wiped out the entire east coast of Hydra operatives, ones they had been hunting for years, gone in a matter of days.
He felt his memories flashing forward in his mind, he found himself miles away from the rumbling rusted truck and back to the alleyways of the bustling streets of Brooklyn. His view sat lower to the ground, looking up to his once best friend save him from yet another fight. The one who would tell him to just keep going, the best friend who took him in when he lost his mother to illness and kept him on the right path when he lost everything and the friend who didn’t kill him when he told him quietly in his flat in dead of night that …that he wasn’t quiet interest in finding a dame to dance with at the end of the night.
There was a knock at the door, Coulson gave it a second before opening the door. He stared at the two people, he blinked. “Director Stark has ‘request’ or as Director Carter paraphrased to me, he threw a tantrum that you are not back at MIT and studying for your mid-term exams. So, flight leaves in 20 minutes. Pack up.” He shut the door behind him. Tony stood with a mildly confused face, his eyebrow raised in a perfect point in the middle. “Uh so my dad is pissed at me as you can tell!  Let’s head back to campus, maybe Rhodey-bear can help, he’s got me out of some sticky situations!”
“In case Karen can connect back to the servers, we’ve decided to leave this message for you on all access points just … in the small hope that we can communicate to where ever you are.” His Dad gave a small smile, Pops shifted his weight and spoke, “Hey Petey, your Dad is working round the clock to get you home as you can probably tell,” He jokingly gestured to both their general appearances, Tony let out a soft laugh, Steve’s smile stayed strong on his face, “We miss you so much, the family practically moved into the workshop with your dad!”
Natasha sat peacefully in the rocking chair by front porch, staring out over the expansive lake’s crystal blue water. Steve trudged out the door carrying Peter’s hiking rucksack by the shoulder strap in his hand and Natasha newly acquired backpack over his shoulder, along with spare clothes he ‘borrowed’ from Tony’s collection, which now resided in one of Tony’s designer duffle bags. Tony wouldn’t notice if some went missing, at least Steve justified taking them back with him for that reason. Steve stopped at the bottom of the three steps, next to Natasha, “Do I ever carry the bags?” She asked, a hint of amusement in her voice, not turning her head away from the view. Steve sighed, shuffling the bags around his body, resigned to the work. “No, you never will.”
month, technology was against him, desperate to just leave the modern world for just a little while. After the one week excursion to the middle of the forests two things were made clear; one, Tony could never go without technology, even for just three days and two, Steve loved it and almost begged Tony to stay with him permanently. And while it had changed from his personal haven to one he shared just with his son, Steve felt relieved that it was a familiar path that would lead him to his son.
“What about you, I know Shield has you watched until further notice, what happens after this.” She could tell he want to just not think of Tony at the moment, she wanted to keep him on track, push him further, she thought. But you have to give a little to get some back, she debated how much to say, settling on a minimal answer.
After shaking out the sheet, Peter picked out some of the PJs that Tony had left him and changed into the tartan pants and black t-shirt. Peter stacked up the pillows against the headboard and slid into bed, wrapping his lower body in the blanket. Peter eye’s widened as an idea struck him. He stuck his are out horizontally in from of him palm down, he flicked his wrist over and watched as the holographic projection of Karen began her set up codes. Peter smiled as Karen greeted him,
“Oh uh…” Peter couldn’t explain his way out of this one.
Peter chuckled awkwardly, “Uh yeah, spider-bite, mutation, then it activated my Pop’s strength in my DNA, Super fast, super strong and heighten senses. Yeah. Super cool just hard for people to understand.” Natasha gentle placed her hand in Peter’s hair and gave a gentle pat. “Yeah its super weird kiddo but considering Steve is who he is, it doesn’t surprise me all that much.” Peter froze and slowly looked up to his aunt. “You know…?” Natasha gave a friendly smile, “Too much to match you to him kiddo, you smile and frown like he does.” Peter laughed with his aunt, “Yeah, Dad says that all the time. Does… does Steve know?” Peter looked so innocent in Natasha’s eyes, a young boy, lost and away from his family.
Tony drew in a breath. Peggy nodded, turning back to Tony, “Anthony, head to my office and, we’ll all meet you there ok?” Tony quickly nodded pulling on the grey hoodie before grabbing walking past Coulson and heading towards the stairs. Coulson turned back to Director Carter, “Mr Stark, is waiting in the atrium for his family to arrive. He declined to wait in his room.” Peggy rolled her eyes, “Of course he would, come on let's head down stairs.”
“Peter your Pops is sorry he did not make it to see you this morning. He misses you dearly and asks of you to stay strong and remember that you are from a very tough family and that you can handle anything. He loves you. We all love and miss you nephew.” He turns back to the wall once more and nods, he once again turns to his nephew and Tony, “my time is limited, I may go at any second.” Peter drew in a breath. Tensing up, he’d have to say goodbye to his family again. “Can you tell Pops and Dad, I love and miss them, that I’m safe, I just…. I miss home and I can’t wait to be back.”
Itleft a bitter-sweet taste in his mouth,he was good with kids, he knew that much about himself but how did Natasha have access to that photo? Steve looked over to Clint for guidance, “Steve, I’m sure you’ve noticed by now that the glove fits perfectly.” Clint’s eyes buggered out of his head, slightly lost for words as he read ahead. He looked up to Steve, mouth moving like a fish on dry land. No noise coming out. “I send you a matching pair I had one made to look like the other. The other however was borrowed from Shield’s scientific labs from the day Peter arrived.” Steve’s head whipped up to Clint, “Clint, get him to read the back of the photo.”
and back, “We can stay the night, let you say bye to Peter in the morning.”
with 30% and the rest left collectively owned by JAP (Jarvis Ana Peter) Company, who banded together when the tables started to turn. Ana stood up and left to prepare the dinner, Jarvis left to set the table. “Mom, if this is Christmas dinner, Jarvis and Ana should sit with us.” Tony’s statement was clearly not up for negotiation. She sighed, “sorry you had to over hear that darling, will you be alright here yourself. Of course, they can. Jarvis did you hear that?” She called a little louder towards the end.
“So… an alien gauntlet was recovered and we decided to analysis it, after we gave up like 11 hours later it began sparking from its molten core, an elemental structure made with 2 unknown elements and Vibranium. It sparked me here,” Peter pointed to above his eye, “and here I was..” Tony appeared back out from his room now sporting his round frame glasses and a green jumper was entirely too large for him. “Ok, first off, Vibranium! You have access to Vibranium? Awesome! Second, explains the missing slice off your eyebrow.” Peter furrowed his brow and turned to face the reflection in the oven glass. That’s when noticed the chunk out of his left eyebrow. Well that sucked. “I’m guessing by that reaction that was caused by the spark and that you didn’t know, might help us get you home though, so that’s good.” Peter nodded and moved to start cleaning the kitchen table from Tony’s paperwork. Stacking it up on one of the chairs and placing the overflow onto the next one, he set about finding cutlery and placemats for the table. Tony stood and watched as Peter politely set out the table for dinner, clearly Peter had been raised to eat properly in the future, whereas this was Tony’s first sit down dinner since Steve left the flat. He was excited to get back on track, with a new challenge, get his future son home.
Finally his Pop’s room. The room hadn’t changed much, far less books and photos, than what his Pops had filled it with. Peter’s eyes caught sight of movement outside the window. He immediately jumped to the ceiling. Crawling quickly to the front door he webbed his bag up and off the ground onto the ceiling. Peter moved so he was balancing up on top of one of the rafts in the ceiling. Peter crouched and balanced with one hand on the ground between his legs. The door swung open and slammed shut. It was Aunty Natasha. She limped through the house and stood looking between the kitchen and the hallway.
“Only married couple on the team Steve, they’ve had years to get used to it and beside, leader of the team and chief of funding, they don’t really have a say.” Tony finally turned around and made his way over to Steve, hopping over the large cables leading up to the gauntlet, until he was in Steve’s space. Steve rested his arms on Tony’s shoulders, pulling on his fingerless glove behind Tony’s head.Tony looked up the short distance to Steve’s face taking his cheek in his hand and rubbing his thumb gently back and forth. Steve leaned into the embrace, closing his eyes. “I’ll be ok. I promise.” Tony slowed his motions, he let out a stuttered breath, “You don’t know that. We’ve lost our son to this thing. I’m not going be able to cope if you don’t come home.” Steve eye’s slowly fluttered open. Having finished pulling on his gloves he pulled his arms between them, taking Tony’s face in his hands, taking a moment to remember the feeling of Tony’s facial hair on his fingers and pulled him in closer, kissing him gently, pulling away Steve smiled and rested his forehead against Tony’s briefly before stepping back.
Peter jumped up on to the ceiling, It was his Uncle Rhodey, “Come on Tony, Class starts in like 20 minutes, you aren’t still in bed are you?” Peter crawled along the hallway ceiling into his dads room. Rhodey walked down the hallway to Tony’s bedroom opening the door to see if he was in there. “Tony, I see the coat and shoes at the couch, are you hiding someone, you know I don’t care right on that you actually go to Class?” Peter rolled his eyes at the comment, yeah his dad was a playboy back in the day but surely like not now? He lived with his Pops for god sake! Or he had lived with his Pops. Rhodey walked out shaking his head, Peter could hear him walking towards the front door.
Steve’s skin was like leather in some points, the ache in his muscle finally releasing after the constant need to be alert. Switching into cotton pyjamas and a white t-shirt, Steve slowly tip toed into the hallway to head for the kitchen and grab some food. He spotted the blue glow from under Peter’s door assuming he had a gentle light on to read or something. Steve opened the fridge and grabbed some chilli and popped it into the microwave. Steve used his upper arm strength and hands to lean against the counter without his body touching.
Peter strolled down the stairs and met his parents by the front door, he said his goodbyes to his Aunt Peggy and gave her a tight hug. Peter once again fell asleep in the back of the car as his Pops drove back to the compound. Back at the compound by lunch, Peter became tense as he walked back through the front door, his spider-sense tingling slightly. Peter dropped his back off in his room and threw his web-shooters on the bed and decided it was worth a hot shower to calm his senses. Wrapping the towel around his waist, Peter picked out one of his Dad’s led Zeppelin tees, a pair blue jeans and a zipper hoodie. Picking up his web-shooters again and placing them on his wrist, Peter decided to test out his and Dad’s new Nano storage system and store the spider suit to help calm his nerves with the sensory overload happening at the moment. Peter made his way down the stairs to the lab rubbing the side of his forehead to help with the headache he was getting. Peter pinching his hand over the bridge of his nose, he opened the door to the lab, as his Dad screamed out,
“Right we will keep sending videos until they are received, we better get plates and bowls for dinner, Bruce and Tony stay here and keep doing what you’re doing. Alright everyone, a see you soon for Peter.” Steve stood up and directed the team to keep working. A chorus of byes and see you soon’s. The video cuts off. Karen’s soft voice informs Peter, “End of Message. Your Dad has left more data on the incident. But this message was recorded minutes before the anomaly. So, we don’t have much more on the second incident.”
Tony was practically his son, so it hurt when Howard distilled such little confidence in Tony. But here is his son. The carbon copy mixed with a little innocence and a blonde for sure, Tony always had an eye for blondes. Jarvis walked over and took Peter into a tight, surprised hug. Lifting the boy slightly off the ground.
“So what do I owe the pleasure of dealing with you before lunch time?” Tony swung his legs up to rest of the desk, allowing them to land roughly on top of his father’s hand crafted wooden desk. Obadiah jumped ever so slightly. “I wanted to see how the aircraft guidance system is coming along for Stark Jet? I’ve got an … investors meeting in an hour so I just wanted to update them. Tony threw his legs off the desk, rolling the office chair closer, he leaned down on the desk with elbows, bitting a pen between his teeth, he moved the computer’s mouse to open up files. His eyes flickering between the screen and Obadiah relaxed position in the chair. Tony opened up the company schedule for the day, eyes quickly scanning down Obi’s scheduled meeting. ‘
Barton walked out to the living room, his waterproof coat and hair dripping water onto the floor. He called back out to Steve and Natasha, “Place stinks of bleach except for the bathroom sink, he wanted us to find the blood, we can send the sample back-“ Steve could hear it before he could see it, the sound of a bullet zipping through the air, ruined the silence of the apartment, the shatter of the glass as it burst into the room, the computer exploded in a flash. Steve leaned over Natasha’s body to protect her from the shot. He heard another bullet ping off the shield on his back. But he knows he’s a big target and before Barton can get an arrow fired back, Steve’s upper thigh is grazed with a bullet. He let out a cry of pain. He grits his teeth and pull them both to the floor.
Peter knew what Tony meant but he wanted to go home, desperately. Peter slowly made his way into the room to catch up with Fury and Coulson, who were discussing charts with Director Carter. She turned as Peter, Tony and Steve approached her. “I’m glad you’re here Peter, you need to tell us, is this like the one that sent you here?” The small team around the Director stopped and looked directly at Peter, he drew in a breath through his teeth, “I didn’t get the best look at it but it’s the same pattern and colouration as the one I know.” The scientists all dived back into their charts.
“Howard.” Steve stepped forward, just one step. “I’ll be taking leave for the next month. In that time, I do not want to hear a word out of your mouth. I’m not coming over to your house, to drink and watch you wish away your life with your drinking buddies who just want your money.” Steve readjusted his neck, cracking it to the side. “You are going to leave Tony alone. That was our deal.”
Steve kept rolling his shoulder and cricking his neck. He wasn’t a happy old man. They’d lied to him, again. First when they woke him up in the stupid movie set and didn’t even bother to do their research, which kind of, insulted him a little. But this was too far. The doors opened and Steve marched past the reception desk, opening the doors and gesturing for Barton and Romanoff to close them behind them.
Peter flicked through the few he had, “Really?” Steve chuckled, “yep!
His Pops ran over to his Dad, Peter could only watch as his Pops skidded the last part on his knees, hugging his Dad’s waist tightly. Gripping at the fabrics of his cotton t-shirt. His Pops looked exhausted, dark circles under his eyes, something he’d never seen before. He lifted his head from Tony’s waist, looking up at his husband, “We are getting him home and when we do…” Steve looked over onto Tony’s desk, “We will find those joggers and spend the entire… month. Just holding onto our boy. Ok? And we’re going to just not let him out of our sights for the next ten years!” Tony gave a wet chuckle, “more like twenty!” The recording ended. “End of Message.” Karen spoke gently. She could sense his wet face, Peter’s hands fumbled and struggled to pull off his mask, gasping for air when he finally did.
“Good morning, Mrs Stark. Sorry to wake you.” Steve bowed his head as an apology. Howard stepped from Steve. Maria made her way over to the pair, dressed in her pyjamas, house coat and slippers. “Howard, the Captain has said no, let him get on with his work., go get changed for bed. I wish to speak to the Captain for a moment.” Howard opened his mouth to speak, but a glare from one Maria Stark, silenced him as he made his way over to the hallway, Steve guessed there was a bedroom down the hall.
“Hey.” Tony said stepping back, “I need your opinion right now. Oh, and need to tell you shit for Christmas.” Peter walked into the kitchen area, dropping his backpack on the ground with a heavy thud. “Sure, what’s up.” He jumped up on to the kitchen counter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter stood next to Ana, she gripped the tips of his fingers tightly, Peter watched with his mouth slightly open, wide eyes as he watched his Grandparents step out of the estate car. Tony walked over to lean against the closed living room door, crossing his arms and legs. Peter watched his Dad’s game face take shape on his face, he never realised it had started when dealing with Howard. Peter turned back to watch Mrs Stark, Jarvis held out his hand to help her out of the car, standing up and out of the car, pressing out the cresses of her blazer jacket. “Thank Jarvis.” She turned to look over the car, Howard let himself out, stepping confidently round the car to stand next to his wife, they whispered between themselves. Howard kept glancing towards the open front doors, every time he did Tony frowned.
Peter finally could hear the voices of Shield agents making their way towards the cabin. “Target fled in the NorthWest direction, Alpha unit two and three, inspect the cabin and catch up.” Peter watched as Natasha looked for a place to hide. The boots of the guards were getting close to the door. Peter shot a web to the ceiling them to Aunty Natasha’s waist. Giving it a sharp tug, Natasha shot off the ground and up to the ceiling. Before she could let out a sound Peter placed his hand over her mouth and pulled her on to the rafter. The guards kicked open the door and swept the room. Natasha balanced on the beam, gun at the ready incase they even bothered to look up. The guards moved through the cabin.
Steve dropped to his knees. He couldn’t find a clear thought to follow. Peggy fell into her chair, “Where is the transport package now?” Peggy stuttered out as best as she could. “Missing Director.” Clint followed the Commander out into the hall with his computer set up. It’s the least he could do for Steve. If the Commander didn’t mention Tony, then it could be hope for the best. Romanoff just watched Steve, his head bowed his hands loose by his side. She stepped closer to him, she didn’t know what to do for him.
Tony pushed himself off the wall, going back up to his mother, pulling her into a hug, he leaned down and whispered something in her ear. Peter could only hear his own heart beat at this point. Tony pulled back, turning towards Howard.
Steve adjusted the straps on his gloves. He reached over the middle console and pated Clint’s shoulder, gripping it on the last pat. “We can do this. It’ll be easy. I hope.” Clint did a double take as he climbed out the car. Rolling his shoulders and cricking his neck, he jumped out the driver’s side.
gently tapped Peter on the shoulder to wake him as they approached, Peter shot awake, fist raised ahead to swing when
He threw Howard across the room, allowing him to fall to the ground by the door. Steve stalked towards the man on the floor, “Howard, you don’t seem to get it, I hate bullies and yet here you are in front of me, telling me that I shouldn’t be friends with Tony because he’s not ‘good enough’ for me?! He’s Tony Stark genius creator and philanthropist, you can’t even say you know where he lives!” The Captain bent down to pick Howard up again, little effort necessary and he pushed him into the office doors.
“LEAVE!” He pointed his finger right in his face, “DON’T COME BACK, YOU RUIN EVERYTHING! LEAVE ME AND MY LIFE, ALONE!” his breathing was erratic “I HATE YOU!”
Tony curled round and turned in Steve’s arm. “Steve, don’t talk like that, you’re the world’s hero, my dad was right in some respects, I got angry when you left but I was really acting…like a kid and I’m sorry for throwing the….” Tony trailed off, Steve chucked, “It was the hair dryer.” Tony nodded and winced a bit at remembering his reaction to the news that Steve was shipping off. “Yeah, I’m sorry for throwing the hairdryer at you, but that’s what I mean, you should be out there with Barton, not ‘babysitting’ me.”
The trio made their way through to the dining room, Howard already sitting at the head of the grand polished table, if he had any hesitation about letting the Jarvis’ sit with him, he never said anything once Maria entered the room, taking her place next to Howard. Tony sat at the other end of the table across from Howard, Peter nervously sat next to Maria and the Jarvis family sat across from them.
“Alright then kiddo, Steve go wait on the couch or so where you can relax and FRIDAY please get someone to bring the boxes down.” Steve wrapped his good arm around his husband’s waist for a quick hug and nodded, pulling away he reached to ruffle Peter’s hair. Peter’s stood and took it, as much as he ‘hated’ it he knew it would challenge his Pops to try harder and give chase if he resisted. Peter raised his shoulder in a shrugged position as his hair was ruffled, then Steve made his way to the couch, “What’s in the boxes anyway?” Peter asked.
‘CEO Howard rumoured to be on the edge of new break through.’
Surprise! Two chapters in a week! Hope you're still along for the ride! Thank you for all the continued support!
“The gloves have been borrowed from Stark Industries. Clint. Get Steve to put these gloves on.”
Steve noticed that the kid kept calling him sir, the kid has some manners, which just highlighted Steve’s thoughts that he was too young to be staying with Tony. When they reached the apartment door, Peter pulled out his key, unlocked and held open the door for his Pops. Steve walked in and waited for Peter to direct him towards Tony’s bed. Peter once again held open the door and watches as Steve placed Tony gently down on the bed, as Steve made a move to stand up Tony gripped on to Steve’s hoodie.
“Stark?” The small group turned to face Steve. “You’re a Stark? What is going on here?” Steve crossed his arms across his chest, desperately not trying to break into Carter’s office (again…) to just find the file on the kid. Peggy stood to attention, walking up to stand between Tony and Steve. “Captain Rogers, This is a Level 8 situation, 4 Days ago Peter James Stark arrived in Boston from 2018 New York. When this happened, we immediately began searching for a way home for the kid. Now you are up to date Captain.” She turned back to Fury, Coulson and the group of scientists.
“Now, I distinctly remember asking you to take care of him the last time we spoke, but right now my husband seems to have gone looking for him. Now, I’m usually forgiving but I need you to help me understand how this happened.” Tony stood face to face with the director with his arms crossed. Head tilted to the side, frown permanently etched on his face behind the sunglasses.
Once again his mind wander through the hills with him. He thought back on his time with Tony. The day they met was
“Tony come on you know I didn’t have a choice, they needed me!... Do you know what, fine! Be child but don’t chuck my stuff you arsehole! I’ll come get it if you don’t want to see me but I thought we were friends!... Whose Peter?...”Steve asked quietly. Tony jumped off of his chair and took the phone out of Peter hands.
“Your fathers are working round the clock, Father of Iron has not left his lab yet, the Captain has brought down a place to sleep and fresh clothes. The team were helping set up this camp in the lab when you appeared in the crack between the time realm! I’m glad you are well Nephew. The family has not taken your departure well.” Thor’s voice dropped, shame that he hadn’t been able to help more in bring his nephew home.
Steve’s ears were ringing, he could hear everything, he needed to focus. He chanted to himself. He stilled his movements, keeping his eyes closed, trying not to squint or twitch to show he was conscious. The guard was marching back and forth outside his door. Steve took a deep breath in through his teeth. Exhaling, he opened his eyes slowly, giving his super hearing some boundaries, he let out a quiet whistle. He closed his eyes, recovering from the knock out serum. The colour began to fade back into his vision behind his eyelids. Opening his eyes once more he took in his surroundings. He found himself strapped to a metal contraption of some kind. His head held in between to metal headrests, his arms strapped out to his side and his feet bound together at his ankles. Strapped down in metal. He tested with his right arm to life himself out of the restraints. The metal creaked under the pressure. He wanted to roll his eyes, they never could get anything strong enough to hold him in place.
So, it's been a while! So sorry for the delay on this chapter after a hectic month or so I finally finished the chapter! Thank you all so much for your continued love and support while I've been busy! We're coming to the end of the story, I'm estimating about another two chapters, so thank you again for all the support for this story! x
“He’s not stupid, he’s trained enough. At least I hope so.” Steve looked up at Tony as he spoke, he reached into his pocket to hit his emergency pager alarm. In less than 15 seconds Barton and Romanoff burst through the door, sending it splintering off the frame. “Shooter, through the window, didn’t get a good look at him. The kid went after him.” Steve wheezed out through the pain. Barton and Romanoff shared a look before running down the hall and diving through the window themselves.
He’d spoken to Ned and Mj briefly on his way out of the school, rightly concerned to see Mr Stark back to the school without their weekly update on the situation. Anxious to get their friend home. He'd spent the afternoon preparing the compound for Peter and
A sore spot for Tony was remembering what it was like to be the smart kid that didn’t really need the work, but Peter was a good kid and he’d be worried about the work he missed, so Tony humoured him, picking up his work and explaining to the school what had happened. They were surprisingly understanding to the situation, maybe because it was Iron Man asking them or maybe it was Peter’s flawless grade average and if he was home later, he’d have a good month to study for his end of year exams, he’d pass no bother. Or Peter would stress out and forget to eat and socialise but he’d pass with flying colours.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Of course you wouldn’t.” Steve leaned back to lay his head against the arm rest, shutting his eyes, just to rest. “But yes, I’m fine after the flight, just a bit on edge with the possibility that the shooter was at the airfield.” Tony tensed his muscles, Steve could feel it, so he brought his arm over Tony’s shoulder to give him a back hug. “Can we talk about that, seriously.” Steve opened his eyes. “I’m all ears.” Tony looked straight up to the ceiling, his hands playing with the shield issued zipper hoodie head been given before the flight.
By the time Peter had finished his shower, got changed, brought his back out into the living room, helped Robert tidy up the entire living room and sat down with Robert to have a coffee and hot chocolate. Tony had finally gotten changed and packed. The trio made their way down to the front door of the apartment block out to the Mercedes business car. Robert opened the door for the back and the pair climbed in. Peter crossed his arms and leaned his head back against the headrest and decided to have a nap before they got there. Peter had just nodded off when Tony decided to grab the car’s business phone, he dialled the number for his Aunt Peggy’s office. The phone rang two times before the crisp voice of his Aunt came through, “Tony! Are you ok?” Tony smiled to himself, “Yes Aunt Peggy just calling to let you know we are heading home for Christmas.”
“We would like to offer a … weaker test of the device to allow you to forget your suffering of the deaths of your friends. We could set your memories back to coming out of the ice. No suffering of losing a friend. Just a little confusion then happiness again.” Steve and Peggy drew in a breath through their teeth. “No pain of the past, just a happier future. New friends. Friends that aren’t Directors of secret government divisions.” Steve stared off into the distance. Forget Tony?
Peter watched with a soft smile on his face. Only startling when the car door next to him opened. He stepped out and thanked Robert for his service, Peter walked round the back of the car shuffling slowly up to Jarvis and Tony. Peter tried not to let the nerves get to him, he was meeting
Steve stepped carefully around the end of the bed, raising his arms slowly, he reached out for his son’s hands. Tears fell gently from his eyes as Peter stared at his hands, no movement towards them. He stopped, taking a breath, he judged the situation, his son stood alone, as he has been doing for the last seven? eight months? Gosh, he thought, that’s a long time to be alone, with no end in sight, for a while he had lived well enough, he had a bed, roof over his head, safety but now, this… young man next to him had survived.
Steve roughly pointed to the title of the plans. “You told me I was the last one. But here a find plans for an infiltrated Hydra base in a Stark database.” Peggy placed her glasses back on to read the title, when she had, she leaned back into her office chair, crossing her legs. “You’re one of the three people with high enough clearance to order this strike.” Steve leaned on the desk with both of his knuckles. Tiling his head in an angry flick.
“I…” Tony fell softly to his knees in front of his godmother. Shuffling towards her, he lay his head down in her lap, crying. “I am beyond angry at you Aunt Peggy, I…” Tony closed his eyes, “I have been so alone. Steve hasn’t spoken to me and I believed it was because of me, me and my own selfish actions or the way I treated him… but I am extremely hurt to find out that
. A Tony who
, a life, you know, friends a social circle oh! and a trouble making kid!”
“Yes, please Karen.” Peter took a step back from the board, crossing his arms and standing tall. Game face on, he told himself, a slight frown on his face. His fingers played with a loose thread from the back of his Dad’s Led Zeppelin top. The video started. It was his parents, Tony sat at his main desk in the workshop with his Pops bent down behind him to set himself with his arms over his Dad’s shoulders.
“Any other questions? Or any idea how I get home?” Peter stood tall and proud, just like his Pops showed him, be mature and ask the right questions. “Just a couple more. Your mutation, does it come from one of your parent’s … unforeseen genetics or is it new.” Peggy was trying to keep Tony out of the loop and it was working for now. “Yes and no, yes it was but very mild, it doesn’t affect me in the way that it affected him, but I was bitten by a spider, which activated the… genetic code in me and I’m the same as him now.” Tony was getting a headache he couldn’t make sense of who it could be. He must know who it is, surely?
in his chair and pulled a blanket over his chest to hide the suit. Another Shield transport passed by on the opposite side of the track. “I think Tony would have left behind some communication tech in the apartment, if not, we should try and break in to Stark Mansion, he’ll have stock piles of equipment.”
Tony rolled his eyes. He’d wanted to know what was going on, luckily for him he had a super power friend who could crawl on walls, hanging on to Peter shoulders, using his upper body strength techniques that Steve had taught him, he and Peter crawled across the high ceiling, positioning themselves just above the doorway heading towards Howard’s office. Peter physical felt the energy leave Tony’s body when he realised, they were leaving again. Peter felt worse knowing that him being here, stopped his Dad spending Christmas with his parents.
Natasha rounded the corner from the kitchen, wiping her hands on the tea towel, Peter glanced up over his forehead to look up towards Natasha, Steve looked up from Peter, he continued to run his hand through his sons hair. “Dinner’s ready if you want some?” Peter looked up to his Pops as he looked down to Peter, they both shared a look for a brief moment before simultaneously responding, “Oh yes, Please that would be perfect.” Natasha raised an eyebrow at the pair, who had broken into a quiet fit of giggles. She turned over on her leaning shoulder.
“I don’t know what he sees in you to be quite frank. The Captain is one of the most successful soldier for the protection of the United States. Yet, every time I give him a mission report, he’s running back to you of all people?” Fury stalked towards him, he crossed his arms, the short black combat jacket crinkled, the only sound in the room, his face stood neutral but his tone held frustration, “He was close with Director Stark, is that it?” Tony curled his fist, taking a physical step back. Peggy watched from afar, opening and closing her mouth, speechless. Fury stepped forward again, “Captain America, produced the best results this organisation has had in the last two decades, single handed. The moment he sees you, that’s gone. Lives at risk, World peace in the balance but some,” Fury stood over Tony, looking down at him, Tony fiddled with the front button of his suit but did not break eye contact with him. He has to stand his ground. Tony wound the button tight, holding it at its limits.
let out a breath when he’d stopped shaking but twisted on his knee keeping hold as Peter took a couple of steps forward. Towards the assassin.
“So, this whole spider thing, is like your ‘thing?’ Just like the ‘Captain America’ persona?” Tony was sat on the couch in the living room, after Peter explained the suit to him, Tony just needed a moment, the future was weird and sounded dangerous especially for his kid.
“Ok…just… give me a couple of minutes, I would like a chance to look back and remember some memories of Tony…” Pierce rolled his eyes but nodded, he turned to knock on the door to notify the guard that he was ready to leave. Peggy’s eyes met Steve’s, she shook her head slightly, appalled at the idea that Steve would go along with something this dangerous.
“Tony, not this again, I had to help, they need me, I can’t sit on the side lines and watch things go to shit … not again T. Look, you’re still my best friend Tony, I want to be here and hang out like we did before, but I need to be settled in Shield, a couple more missions then I’ll be able to set my location here and not be away for months at a time… I don’t want you under Howard’s thumb again. I want to keep my best friend out of all this politics. Can’t we just agree on that?” Steve played with the edge of his t-shirt, nerves setting in. He was excited to see Tony again, but one wrong move and Steve could lose Tony, he could chuck him out of the flat and tell him to get lost.
Steve watched as the father and son made their way into the back of the truck, silently shutting the door behind themselves. Steve, Clint and Natasha followed suit. Steve and Clint jumped in the back with Bucky, on hand to watch, just in case as Natasha jumped in the driver setting. Steve sat down cross legged next to his best friend. He glanced into the back seat of the truck. Peter and his Dad, were curled into each other. Steve wished he’d have someone like that. He couldn’t make sense of his emotions right now, he wanted to scream, cry and break something. He wanted to go home and curl up in his bed.
“Then why didn’t you just call? Just a heads up that you are ok, instead of begging aunt Peggy an update?” Tony leaned his head back on the fridge looking up at Steve who towered over him. A gently giant in Tony’s eyes. Tony’s hands played with the various magnets attached to the fridge. His favour being from the day at the Museum of Fine Arts.
Tony’s lost look just nodded slowly as his Aunt Peggy explained, he was going to ask questions, but he didn’t even know where to start, “You two need protection 24/7. No ifs, no but. It’s happening Tony.” Steve stepped forward, he opened his mouth to speak but Peggy raised a finger to shush him. “You took a bullet Steve. Immediately off active duty. You wanted to stay in the USA? Here’s your mission, protect Tony and Peter, security detail only.” Peggy leaned to the side to look past Steve, “Barton I want you running leads on this now. I want a report and brief in the morning.” Clint nodded and walked towards another SUV and Romanoff followed.
Steve picked Howard up once more, readying to throw Director Stark down the hallway. Peter grabbed Tony round his waist and jumped back down the vent again. “Steve, please stop!” Steve dropped Howard. Peggy stood between Steve and Howard. “Leave now, Howard, I’ll stop by later with the rest of the council members to discuss this… incident.” Howard stop with the help of his guards, carried down the hallway to the elevator a defeated look on his face.
The small family were sat around the kitchen table, laughing at Tony’s stories of Dum_EE, Tony and Peter had spent the afternoon, helping set up and prepare dinner with Ana, as Jarvis set up the desserts, it was late, but it was nice, shame it had to end.
“Do you think he does too much for me?” Tony shook his head, “Don’t answer that.” Tony turned to look over his shoulder at DUM_EE, watching his creation play catch with itself. “Hey,” Peter said to catch Tony’s attention once more, “If it truly was meant to be, then everything will play out correctly, me being here will not have changed anything, you’ll be happy.” And without hesitation Tony responded, “and if it has changed?”
just wanted the time back with him.
One of the few parenting and superhero benefits of Steve’s life was his hearing. He’d been able to listen to Peter’s soft and rhythmic heartbeat as he lay in his bed. He tried not to startle his son when he heard the timid creak of the door opening. Keeping a soft smile on his face, he held the book casually in his lap as he let Peter approach him. The sharp tug on his trouser leg brought his attention back to his son. His brunette curly hair wild after laying down in his bed, he smirked at his son as he slowly bent down to pull him up onto his lap. Peter stared at him, wide eyed and cautious as he waited for his Pop’s to move. Taking the book gently from his son, he read the next story after the bookmark, Peter finally relaxing into his Pop’s side, playing with his father’s shirt button between his tiny hands as he slowly nodded off.
Who was Peter’s other parent? The person he was fated to marry or at least have a child with. Peter definitely had his features, he was a Stark through and through, but it was interpreting the other half of Peter that was going to be tough for Tony. Who gave him his attitude, the niceness, the moral compass so to speak. Nothing was a giveaway so far but maybe he could get it out of Peter soon. A heads up on who to talk to at a party or an event would be pretty sweet, even if they hated Tony later, at the moment, he wanted to make sure he got Peter in his life. Because If Tony liked the kid now, then older him must sure as hell love him to pieces.
All of them froze at the sound of a car pulling up outside the stark family front door. Jarvis stepped forward, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath in. He turned towards the door, sorted out his suit jacket as he made his way to the door. He turned to give the small family one last look before opening the double doors, plastering a tame smile on his face, “Welcome Home Mr and Mrs Stark!”
Tony watched in awe of his future self, he looked like death walking, but this was definitely due to his missing son and not a regular outfit of dress shirt and oversized joggers. Tony tried to take in as much as he could. He could see multiple wires lining the walls and floor of the other side, the concert walls were lined with various workshop tools and framed blue-prints of designs he didn’t recognise.
“Kid, must really miss his parents.” Steve felt bad for the kid, he’s been through a lot, all the travelling was exhausting. Tony nodded, he threw himself on to the couch and Steve lifted him again to sit down underneath Tony’s body. “You ok after the flight? I know the wound is gone but knowing you, it still hurts, and you won’t tell me.” Steve chucked, Tony raising slightly up and down with Steve’s chest. “You’re right, I wouldn’t tell you if it hurt.”
Tony watched the kid and the super model interact, it was his Uncle!  So, his husband, god that is still weird to know, is definitely a model of some sort if this is his future Brother in Law, brain cells maybe lacking in the family, but It would be fine, he surely wouldn’t marry just for looks, he’d hope he was better than that. Tall, blonde and handsome huh, good to know, easier to keep an eye out for.
Natasha backed off of him. “I can respect that but he’s just a kid as well, as for Steve, if I tell him I get prison time and possibly murdered if I tell him Tony. I need you to tell him you’re alive. If I do, he might not believe me but if you use your weird pager communication device thing. Let him know, he’d be here in a heartbeat and you know that you need him here. Tony, he thinks you’re dead! He’s killed probably hundreds of Hydra operative in the last two months because he’s not caring about his own life anymore, he’s not planning anything!”
stepped forward, raising his arm he used it to pull Peter in gently behind him. Peter could only move with his
He owned Stark industries now, he could keep his promise. Scrambling over to the cream phone on the wall, he dialled his office. “It’s Stark, yeah yeah, I know I’ll sign it later. I want you to get me the entire Howling Commandos exhibit from the Smithsonian.” He waited, rolling his eyes and his upper body down in exaggeration, holding the phone between his shoulder and ear, “Yes the entire collection, especially the Captain America stuff. I don’t care how much, put it in arts fund. I know it's going to take time, Hire someone then!
“Well, we will need to speed up production on the travel suit and Peter’s return suit. Thor, come with me, I’ll need the lightening to test the material.” Bruce called out to the group and turned to head toward his make shift lab at the back of the garage. Natasha and Clint were rotated out to sleep and left to go upstairs to their floors. Sam took the material list off the the top of Tony’s desk. “I’ll continue to look for more of the elements to stabilise this thing.” Steve nodded in response.
Peggy scoffed, “Me? Never.” Steve chuckled again, resting his eyes with a gentle smile. “I feel it’s in your interests to know that Obadiah Stane visited Anthony while you were away, Tony’s managed to improve his remote A.I guidance chip so- “Steve cut Peggy off, “In English Pegs.” She drew in a breath through her nose, he lips sealed in a tight line at being cut off. “He’s improved Stark Industries military missiles again. Even without Shield support he seems to be able to
“Sweet, Karen, go ahead and get in touch for us, see if you can get us in tomorrow!”
Peter remember the trip when his parents went to fight somewhere in Australia, he wasn’t left to the care of a kind old butler, he was left with 2 of his Uncles and his Aunt, he realised that this was now the longest time he’d ever been away from his family. Ever. His tears began to stream down his face, Tony held open his arms as he met Peter, gripping him tightly. “You, are the hope I had that I would get more than 2 people to care about me.” Peter gripped Tony’s back tightly. Lost for words on his Dad’s joy. The sat together on the couch for the next half an hour in silence, enjoying Tony’s embrace, not as strong as his Dad’s but the emotion behind it was.
Peggy hummed, “Thank you for letting me know, I’ll be sure to let Coulson and his team know that he should move his base now. How are you and Peter? Did Steve stop by last night?” Tony frowned, “Steve’s back?” Peggy coughed slightly, sensing the awkward tone of the conversation ahead, “I thought he would have gotten in touch, he’s investigating a tip off of the shooter in New York city.” Tony leaned his head back against the head rest, closing his eyes, “No, he hasn’t got in touch, Its fine Aunt Peggy, he’s busy, I’m just going to go to sleep for the drive Aunt Peggy I’ll see you Christmas eve. Bye. “Before Peggy could response Tony hung up the phone. He turned on his shoulder to rest slightly straight out. He’d only get a couple hours of restless sleep before arriving at the mansion.
And before Peter even realised it. He’d made it through a couple of weeks. A shift every day, 6am – 2pm. Back to the flat to nap for an hour then hang out with DUM_EE then he would go home and make dinner. It was pretty simple, It allowed him to just run his life without putting too much thought into it. It gave him some money for him to support himself It also allowed the time for Karen to work on simulations of the incident. Peter was walking through the empty quad, a slight breeze in the mid – November air. Not a soul in sight. Well, Until Peter nearly jumped out of skin when Thor’s bombing voice filled the quad, “Nephew Peter!”
Natasha, came through the door, holding carrier bags of takeaway food. Shivering as she kicked the door closed again. “Ok, I vote nobody opens that door till morning. At the earliest!” Clint’s voice was slightly muffled under the two blankets. Natasha walked past Clint, swiping the top blanket layer off Clint’s shoulders. Wrapping it round herself as shew walked. Clint let out a slightly pathetic whine. “When we get back, I’m filing a Shield report about the access to safe house in weather affected areas. No more wood burning stove, fishing cabins in the middle of fucking December!” Steve walked over to the bags. Dividing the food and handing it out to the pair, Clint poking a single hand out of his cocoon to take the food.
Clint had decided that there was no more need for doom and gloom, so in usual Clint fashion, he changed the subject back, “So once we catch this crazy 80 years assassin what’s everyone doing for Christmas.” Natasha responded immediately, “House arrest.” Steve didn’t stop staring at her, “I’m avoiding the Stark household, so that Howard actually sees his kid this year, so I’ll probably just continue renovating my old home.”
“You want it for yourself. You are going to raid this base and take the formula for yourself.” Steve chest raised and fell rapidly, his breathing getting more aggressive, “The Stark family is in danger specifically because Howard was involved in my experiment! You knew this but you still had us running around America trying to find the Winter Soldier.” Peggy stood up. Taking her glasses off slowly, sitting them gently on their desk, “while you are right Captain, you are also partially wrong. We have already taken the formula. Howard is bringing samples in so they can be hidden in the vault, before he goes into hiding for a week or so.”
“Howard is crafty and selfish.” She continued to stare out of the window, the rain streaking down the glass. “I’m sure in some way he cares for Anthony but right now all I see at Directors meetings is a selfish, arrogant man. I can’t help but feel that he’s going to get Anthony killed and I cannot stand for that Steve.” Steve was staring down at his hands, his gloves worn, and blood soaked from his earlier wound. His mind couldn’t help but flash to the image of holding a dead Tony in his arms. His uniform soaked in blood as he tried to stop the bleeding.  Oh, how different the break in at the apartment could have gone if Shield had not brought him back to spy on the kid. He could’ve had another dead best friend. The scene was indistinguishable between Bucky and Tony at this point.
Rolling his shoulders, he opened up the duffle bag. Pulling out his sleeping bag and pillow, chucking them up to the top of the bed. He pulled out a black top and grey joggers he’d reserved for sleeping in. He pulled out the instant noodle pot from the bottom of the bag. Silently grateful he’d found a local supermarket with no security cameras, so he could stock up a few days of food and supplies. He’d considered trying to find a way to get the necessary ingredients to make more web fluid, but it could get him noticed and he wasn’t running out in anyway, but he knew if he didn’t find a way to continue the supply he’d be out in a few months.
Captain Steve Rogers, Captain America, the symbol of America freedom. Well, he lost it. The moment Howard’s hand raised again for another pat, Steve reached over to grab Howard’s hand with his arm across his chest. He quickly pinned Howard to the wall behind him, shattering the frame of the print that had calmed him down seconds ago. Howard grunted as he contacted with the wall.
As the car pulled off and out of the drive way, Peter excused himself to go for nap, he needed to clear his head for what was about to come.
Tony was laying on the top of the booth seating. His face blank staring at the ceiling. Girls sat in the booth, giggling between themselves, happy to spend Tony’s money for him. Rhodey made his way over to Tony, side stepping the drunks who would fall in front of him. Rhodey gave it a minute to inspect Tony. Tony was wearing a suit but the pale blue shirt was clearly over sized and not his. Tucked into his trousers but the shoulders sat too far down his arms. rolled up to his elbows but still too baggy for him. Rhodey quickly realised that it was Steve’s shirt, Tony’s waist coat that was left unbuttoned, couldn’t hide his fist gripping the excess fabric of shirt.
“Howard wasn’t exactly my friend but during the great war, anyone on your side was your friend, Howard managed to skip the front line by providing the power and the machinery to make the serum take hold.” Steve continued to twirl his fork, round and round. Natasha began to slow down, eating her dinner in large but slow bites, watching Steve carefully.  “We would share a drink after a mission, he would be inventing for the war front usually. We’d chat about it, but I learned very little about him, he liked the idea of ‘Captain America’ but he was always obsessed with making new soldiers, he thought he was smart enough to make more without Erskine.”
Peter woke startled. He inspected his room for danger, “FRIDAY what is going on!?” Peter jumped up and pulled on one of his hoodies over his PJs and a pair of his black trainers. “The gauntlet seems to be building up energy and is readying itself to discharge. Your fathers are now awake and are going to make their way towards the lab.” Peter grabbed his web-shooters off his desk and the mask, “Hey Karen, I need you to scan the gauntlet when we reach the lab, my senses are going crazy!”
Steve noted that the kid was rubbing his temples as if he had a headache, Steve had felt bad about being so rude earlier, he thought he might as well ask if he was alright, “You ok kid?” Gesturing with his eyebrows and tilt of the head toward Peter’s motions on his head.
“Right, I’ll pull out some of my clothes for you since you are going to be staying here until further notice, if you are still here tomorrow, we’ll head out and buy you some clothes of your own!” Peter walked in and inspected the room, “Steve should have a spare toothbrush somewhere, he’s prepared like that…” clearing a space next to the bedside table Peter rubbed his face to stay awake when Tony knocked on the door again to get his attention.
“Well can you at least get the cereal down from the cupboard?” Tony chuckled as he walked round to inspect Peter’s position on the ceiling.
Steve smiled, just in the corner of his mouth like he knew a secret, well technically he did before using his other hand to readjusted his leather harness on his shoulders. Giving one final squeeze he let go of Tony’s hand. Walking round to the other side of the desk he bent over at his hip to pick up his shield. Steve couldn’t wait until Tony invent the fancy glove that wold call the shield back to him.
“Peter, I hope you get this message, you told your Uncle that it’s December 1991, Peter…” His Dad was crying at his desk, his Pops was working far in the background on some large device, but all Peter could see was his Dad’s face tear streaks. “Peter, if you are at the mansion… Peter do NOT go with my parents to Barbados, please don’t be talked into it. Stay at the Mansion, Peter… my parents die the next day, Howard drinks before he leaves, and he crashes the car. Peter just please do not go with them. I can’t lose my son.”
“Young Peter! Are you safe, as soon as word reached Asgard of your disappearance I returned at once to help find you!” Thor’s voice boomed as loud as thunder in Tony’s opinion. “I’m just glad to see you here Thor, how did you get here! Dad said it was too dangerous to travel back!?” So, this runway model was from the future…If he was Peter’s dad. He wasn’t complaining one bit, hell, he might even thank God for his luck!
After the success of the first trip to the cabin, Peter repeatedly asked when they could go back, not that he didn’t love his Dad and time alone with him but they always had their scientific passion that they could share together, his Pop’s a man so far from comfort in his own time, just needed something that they could share, just between the two of them. Peter and his Pop’s haven’t missed a trip yet. Well, until this year. Stuck in the past away from his family kind of limits the possibility of it happening again.
“Obi, what do I owe the displeasure? Stealing my father’s best rum again?” Obadiah had his arms held up at the height of his head, using his forearms to lean against the door frame, crossing his legs over one another. “Tony. My boy, been a while since you even set foot into the office, how would you know if I’d had a glass or two?” He smirked. He’d drank it. Tony always knew when he’d been drinking.
It was official, Tony thought to himself, his future son his actually crazy. The thunder cracked once again and then a tall, blonde muscular man was bent at the knee on the coffee table. Scratch that. He’s the crazy one cause this man was something else, a solid 6ft 5’ tall and as wide as the god damn coffee table, he was handsome as fuck.
’. Well, that’s a dodgy title Tony thought to himself. Quickly shutting the page before turning the bulky screen round to show Obadiah.
“SO why are you here exactly?! Oh yeah! To spy on a kid!” Tony was sitting up on the counter of the kitchen facing towards Steve, who was sitting at the kitchen table, in a relaxed position his legs spread out and arm resting behind his back on the other chair. Well this was the most casual argument Peter had ever seen. “Tony, you won’t even tell me the kids last name, let alone why he’s staying with you, he’s appeared literally from nowhere Tony, Shield is concerned!”
“SO, who are you Peter?” Tony crossed his arms and legs leaning against the grey wall causally.
“He never said anything about me, in the future, if it wasn’t for the blood work, I’d have kicked him out the day I met him! I could just make a decision today, right now! I’m not having kids! Ever! And would Peter just disappear! Just like that!” Tony snapped his fingers. Natasha wanted to snap his neck, she sprinted forwarded, pinning Tony to Howard’s desk.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m so sorry I failed you Tony, you’re not alive here, not anymore, that was my fault, I just was caught up in Peter and Shield and you were alone with your parents I-“ Tony circled his wrist back around to silence Steve once again, “Wait wait wait! What are you on about! I’m upstairs?”
Tony startled awake. Blinking his eyes widely. He looked around the room, taking in everyone. The front door slammed but Maria continued to play. Howard walked into the room, opening one of the door sized windows slightly, to allow a breeze in, the dessert coloured curtains flowed in the breeze. Tony pulled the blanket over his head again. Howard rolled his eyes. Taking his own deep breath, fixing his cufflinks as he went. He pulled the covers off Tony. “Could you dress any more like a homeless slob. Come on, get up, say goodbye.”
Peter let out a whistle, a low pitch, single note whistle. He could no longer hear outside the house. He took in another deep breath. “Step two, open your eyes,” Peter kept his shut, shaking his head, he felt like he couldn’t, it would be too much.
Peter nodded, “ and where are your parents this Christmas, Peter?” She quickly grabbed Peter’s upper arms. “Not that you aren’t welcome! Never want you to think you aren’t welcome here!” Peter jumped a little in surprised when she gripped his arm. “Uh, they are.. far away this Christmas. But hopefully home soon!” Anna wrapped her arms around his shoulders as they continued to prepare dinner. “Well we will take good care of you!” Peter gripped her fingers to hug her back.
The Shield Agents grabbed the duffle bags. Tony and Peter followed. Down the stairs and out to the black SUV. Peter climbed in first, Tony jumped in second, he was fiddling with something in his hand while he watched Peter play with the watch between his fingers, lost in thought. Tony took out a small note pad and began to solve the mysteries surrounding time travel.
The trio were escorted out of the SUV up the gravel driveway to the side entrance, Peter was expecting to enter into the hanger bay for all of his Dad’s designs and the modified Quinn jet. Instead he was greeted by desks, hundreds of desks with hundreds of working scientists. The moment the door slammed shut all of them turned to face Peter. The vast empty space amplified the whispers of the workers that the super serum could pick up,
The truck bumped over a break in the road, Clint let out a gruff of a swear as the truck reacted. “Clint. I just don’t know what I’m going to say to the kid when I see him.” Steve stares straight ahead, following the centre line of the road. “He’s my son!?” he sounded slightly hysterical to Clint. “I married …Tony, we had a kid but that can’t happen now, I’ve lost him… so what happens to Peter now? What happens to me? I don’t get to look forward to having a son, I don’t have a home to go to and now no war to fight…”
“Thanks Tony. I need that.” Peter’s eyes dropped to the watch fiddling with it in his hands, turning it over and over again. Tony came and sat down next to him on the bed, he must have put the box back in the cupboard. “Don’t worry kid. We will get you home. Just promise me that you don’t lose that hope. I had Steve and Rhodey to save me just in time. You will get home to your family.”
“You are still a Roger, Peter. No matter who these people become, they are similar but not your parents. They have to make mistakes to stand taller than them, do not hold them to the same standards that you hold for your Dads. They haven’t experienced the love and pride of having you in their life.”
“I tried to tell him before everything, I don’t know if he got the message but, Peter we all thought you and Tony were dead, that you died in the accident with Howard, we…” Natasha’s mild outburst gave Peter a slight scare, “we went to your funeral and Tony’s. I found out he was alive but i’m pretty sure Steve still thinks you two are both dead.”
One day he’d get her cook book back. It was his after all, if only the world didn’t think Captain America was dead. Steve held his hand up to the glass, smiling at his mother’s personal notes, reminding herself to make double if ‘Baby Barnes’ came round for dinner and Not to listen to his grandmother and give the sauce ten minutes extra. Steve closed his eyes. Giving a short prayer for his mother under his breath. For just a moment of peace in this crazy world he found himself in, he just wish she could be at home, that he could come back and show her how proud of him she could be.
His Pop stood straighter, nodding to himself, “I Am.” Smiling proudly.
Tony and Peter spend some time getting to know each other better. Peter is also trying to figure out what happened between his parents.
“Captain, I’m sending you with this... dynamic duo to investigate the scene, Tony and Peter will return to your apartment with external protection from Agents Coulson and academy agent Morse.” Peggy had directed to this to Steve with no; ifs, buts or when’s about his instructions, Steve realises Tony had asked her. He couldn’t protect Tony and Peter if he was too far, especially if this lead was cold. He’s going to a crime scene. Where the shooter, whoever they are, will not have left any traces of evidence, that’s a guarantee but Tony wanted him to go, it was his job, a kids in danger.
Steve pulled the blanket. up higher over his son’s shoulders, covering them fully in the thick woollen throw. Shuffling ever-so slightly into a reclined position while holding Peter in his arms. Peter was having a snooze on his Pop’s chest, the muscles in his face relaxed and slack. He gripped his Pop’s shirt in his hands, holding on tightly just incase that if let go his Pops would disappear.
Night Shell-head, Steve thought to himself.
Peter took his steps carefully, rocks by the rivers edge were always slippy. He’d been following the river all morning, hopefully close to the cabin if his sense of direction was correct. It had taken him longer than expected but a quick stop to get supplies and their weight on his back had slowed him down. He jumped slightly to re-position the hiking backpack on his shoulders. The water flowed over the small edge into the large pond in-front of the large wooden cabin. Stark family’s holiday cabin. The large wooden structure had been built some time in the fifties and while Howard Stark never wanted to go camping, it was seen as a nice tax break to hire two people to take care of the property. He and his Pops used to come down to the cabin every summer and speak some time together, just the two of them. They always used to tell Dad that they went fishing and hiking when really just spent the week relaxing in the sun and swimming in the nearby lake.
Steve walked towards the window, he signalled to Barton. “Room clear. Get over here Barton.” Natasha walked in and pulled down the blinds. “He was here, recently. The sink still has water drops in it.” Steve walked over towards the bathroom again, “Possible injury?” Gesturing towards the sink, Barton walked in and past Steve. He pulled a test tube kit with a cotton bud in it, out of his soaking wet rain coat. “I’m gonna guess this was a victim and not his.”
Large windowed shields stood between the glowing anomaly and the desks sat facing the anomaly. The hustle and bustle of scientists and agents ferrying sheets of paper between the desks, comparing analysis charts and readings from the glowing anomaly behind the protective glass. Subconsciously Peter took a step back in fear of the glowing, sparking orb, it was a couple of feet in diameter across and it pushed the objects, like desks and fans, away from it and generating a strong gust of wind every so often. Tony gripped Peter’s arm just above his wrist tightly. Peter turned to gaze at Tony, his worried expression and tighten grip matched Peter’s fear, “You don’t need to be here if you don’t want to be.”
“We missed you so much Peter, the whole family is so worried about you, we are working round the clock to get you home, your Dad and I are going to stay in the lab till we fix this…” Before Uncle Bruce could finish his sentence, the crack let off another spark and began to shrink. “Dad!?” Peter steeped far back into the arms of Peggy.
The doorbell rang and Peter jumped up and jogged to the door, opening the door, he was surprised to see Agent Coulson standing within centimetres of him, holding the two pizza boxes. The surprised of Peter’s morning had made him forget that this was the Phil Coulson in front of him and He. Had. Hair!  Who thick flowing locks, same basic smile though. “Next time you order pizza, please consider you have 3 of us outside as well.” Peter felt terrible, “Oh my gosh, so sorry Phil, I should have remembered, just this morning and everything… I’m so sorry, I can call them back?” Phil didn’t let anything show on his face, but internally he was caught off guard that the kid knew his first name, but he let his face soften a bit, “Not to worry, we called as soon as you finished your call. Enjoy.”
but with a twist, the colours were darker, less red more intimidating than his bright suit, slacker suit because gosh, that suit was tight, the fabric was something out of this world, it looked futuristic and fit the man perfectly. He couldn’t avoid it but he had a beard, It was dark as well, his general hair colour had darkened, no longer pure blonde, streaks of brunette ran through it at the roots, as well as a couple of stray grey hairs in his sideburns. His overall stance was far more relaxed than he’d ever been In his life and his son. Wow, he’d thought about it on his way here, but seeing them stand side by side, father and son, there was no question, this was a family. The Starks. Wow. He had no words as he approached, his fingers restlessly rolling with nerves.
When dessert of fruit, ice cream, cake and cheeseboards were brought out, Peter went to town on the crackers, he eventually was stuffed, leaning back into his chair. Maria let out a soft laugh at the sight of Peter, she stood up from the table, “I’ll be taking my leave for the night. I’ll be up early morning for a walk around the grounds if anyone is interested in joining me.” Everyone politely nodded back, wishing her a farewell and goodnight. Howard quickly stood up to leave, “I need to go make sure everything is safe and packed for tomorrow…” He quickly made his way out of the dining room turning in the wrong direction to the main hall, towards his office.
Tony sighed, “Alright kid, but the colours are a bit…. Bold. I like the red though, I have a car that colour. It’s beautiful, you should see it.” He reminisced about his garage at home, which was storing his collection at the moment. Peter didn’t say that it was totally ‘Hot Rocket Red’ the exact colour of his dad’s car, he’d taken Peter out in it a couple of times.
YES!, Tony thought to himself, but the kid didn’t reveal what he wanted. “Midtown,” Tony gave a long whistle, “Smart kid to get in there!” Tony was genuinely impressed with his son, but there it was that moral goody two shoes compass, Tony went straight to college, why would Peter’s other parent not encourage Peter to get ahead of his class mates?
Horrors, he though to himself, the lot of them, selfish horrors. Rhodey stood his ground in front of the bouncer. The two way radio on his belt hissed to life. Rhodey glared up at the annoying bouncer as he turned away to answer his radio. “Yes sir…. I understand… but sir!… Ok. Yes sir.” Rhodey smirked to himself and lost it just as quickly when the bouncer turned around. “Cadet Rhodes?” Rhodey stood to attention, in his best authoritative position; shoulders back, chin up. “Yes, that’s me.” The bouncer let out another harsh breath from the side of his mouth. “Apologies for the mix up, Sir. Go right ahead.” Rhodey kind of loved the fact that it hurt the guy to let him through.
“Is that the shield?” Peter gestured to the obviously large round carry case. Steve chuckled, “What, this?” He said with humorous tone, “this is just where I keep my symbols for the Shield company orchestra. I’m very proud.” Peter let out a laugh at his Pop’s poor joke. Steve smiled in good humour at the fact Peter found the joke actually funny. Steve reached down to lift the case on to the kitchen table, gesturing for Peter to come closer with his head. Peter shuffled up and watched Steve unzip the bag and lift out the shield with his hand, holding it out towards Peter. Peter took it immediately and ran his hand along the front of it.
