“Cassie,” Gabriel sighed, pinching his nose, “this is what we were talking about. You need to have a life, you need to go out and meet people, go on dates, even just make friends!”
“Can we go to the park tomorrow?”
Jack smiled and shook his head, then turned to watch as Cas strapped the seat into the back of the impala then turned back to Dean, "Do I get to drive in the impala?!"
Everyone remained still and silent as Dean watched in complete horror while Ruby grabbed her bag from backstage, and promptly stormed down the stage steps and out the door. His eyes followed her all the way until the door slammed shut behind her, then he looked back up at Cas. He just shook his head, completely exhausted. Obviously this wasn't the first time they had to deal with an outburst from her.
“These tickets are for them,” Chuck confirmed Dean's fears, “front row seats for the debut show. Word has been getting around about our ballet having two male leads and the theater is already getting calls about buying tickets. We are expecting to be sold out of all shows within a day, so we reserved a few tickets for the families of each of our cast and crew members.”
“She's dying,” he said, without even looking at Dean.
When they were inside the bathroom, everyone in the kitchen leaned in to look down the hallways just in time to see Jack let Dean lift him to sit on the counter, and Jack letting Dean run a comb and gel through his hair. No one knew what to say, so Gabe spoke first.
Jody looked up at Dean from where she was sitting on the couch across from him, playing with the babies in the car seats where they sat on her coffee table. He just looked back at her with a solemn expression and nodded.
He sat himself down on the couch beside Cas and placed a plastic bag on the table, taking out the contents with a huge smile, “Hey, Cas, look what I found at the store today.” Cas laid the book down on the couch beside him and turned to Dean. “I saw this at the pet store today and had to buy it for him.”
“Are you all staying for tonight's game then?”
"Welcome everyone to the Kansas State Ballet's rendition of The Nutcracker!" Metatron announced and claps and cheers filled the air.
He moved towards the deer again and this time Cas stepped in between them. “I will take care of it.”
"You never protested to being his mommy."
Sam had managed to remain quiet and unseen for the entire little ceremony. It was perfectly Dean and Cas, a secret wedding, just the two of them. And even though Sam wasn't supposed to be there, he was honoured that he was able to bear witness to the most perfect wedding he had ever seen.
“Really?” Cas eyed him.
“She was, and I miss her every day, but I know she watches over Jack,” he smiled, then asked, “does Adam know about his parents?”
He pushed up and closed the gap between them, kissing Dean long and slow. His arms wrapped around Dean's neck and Dean's around his waist as he pulled Cas even closer, tilting his head to deepen the kiss. After a few moments they both pulled back with a light smack, giving each other one last tight hug, then Dean turned him and urged him towards the car.
He pulled the impala to a stop outside the burned down and broken remains of Bobby's old place. He remembered how he felt the day he drove in to find the place up in flames, after the Leviathans had destroyed it, killed Bobby, ruined their lives. Dean thought they had taken everything away from them. But he realized soon after, when they buried Bobby there, that as soon as he stepped foot on the soil outside that burnt up mess, it was still home.
"What can you give me that I do not already have," he scoffed.
Cas reached his hand out for the bottle but Dean just shook his head and brought the baby over to his own lap and began feeding him with a smile as Cas went back to his book.
Dean stared at him for a moment before giving him a nod, and watched Cas turn and kneel beside the baby deer.
Dean turned and smacked both hands on his brother's arms, giving him a mischievous smirk then turning to address their friends in the hall. “My dear friends!” Everyone stopped eating and talking, turning their undivided attention on their king. “I have news for you all. I know that our lands have become infertile, unable to bear the seeds that we sow, and now we are close to starving. These lands will not provide for us any longer, and I fear that it could be the end of our people here in Nazareth.”
“I have a son, Dean.” Dean stopped cold and just stared at Cas, “I am a father.”
He was stunned, speechless, his brain had even turned off. Dean loved him, and now that was going to be all Cas could think about. His heart was fluttering, he was anxious with anticipation, and all he wanted was for Dean to be home already so he could say it back. How was Cas supposed to sleep now?!
“You've really thought this out,” Sera nodded, impressed, “this is definitely something I would read.”
(See the end of the chapter for
~~~~~~~~~~~
"I just had some things to clear up back home, I'm really sorry!" The directors both waved him off, just thankful their other star was still here. Then he turned his attention to Cas at his side and smiled, a little twinkle in his eye as he said only to him, "I'm ready for this, I'm ready to just be me."
The prince felt a small twinge of fear twist inside his gut as the old woman placed the rose on the steps then slowly walked away. When she reached the open doors where she had entered, she stopped and turned back to the prince, "Till the last petal falls, young prince," and then she was gone.
They both gave Gunner a quick kiss before backing up again, and watching as he finally turned and walked in. Disappearing into the dense bush.
"One sec, I'll go get Cas!"
“Sure,” the man nodded and turned to walk back out.
“Yes, Dean has offered to take him until we get back.”
“We're almost there, Cas,” he turned to Cas with a smirk, “patience, babe.”
“They were working a case in the same town as another convention a few years back,” then he turned to Sam and Dean with a smile, “it's nice to see you again… agents.”
It wasn't missed on Jody the way Dean's entire being died with the question, the already dimming light completely fading from his eyes. She already had her answer.
"My," Crowley raised a brow as he stared at Dean, a little mixed between impressed and speechless, "that's very noble of you. I myself don't think I’d be able to do the same."
Dean just glared at him as he continued, "Of course Sam wouldn't ever be happy down there without his big brother right by his side. He wouldn't stop hunting, or trying to find a way to bring you back. You two are way too attached to ever be able to live any sort of life without each other, it's a joke really to think otherwise. I believe Zachariah once described it as "erotically codependent"."
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Why did you go back for these?! And how many do you have?!” He leaned over her and started reaching around under the pillows, finding more books.
“No,” and before he could say anything more he closed the door.
He did as requested of him and sat across from the Seer. A hand was extended to him, a gesture he anticipated from his many times here in his past. He took the offered hand and laid a kiss upon the inside of the Seers wrist.
Dean turned towards Jack, finally, and was thrilled at what had just happened but told himself to remain calm. He did not want to freak him out, and calmly asked, “What’s up, buddy?”
“I owe you nothing!”
Jack held his sippy cup out to Dean with determination and asked, “Can I have more juice?”
“Gunner…?” Cas stopped and waited, hand still outstretched.
Castiel got up from his seat, brows furrowed, with Gabriel tight on his heels. When he opened the door wider and walked past Balthazar he stopped so fast at the sight he nearly fell over.
Dean walked Cas to the passenger side of the car but before he opened it, there was a nudge at their legs. Gunner was there, leaning his body up against his parents as he looked up at them.
Cas nodded, then he also turned so they were now facing each other, and tangled their legs together, “Well then, have you come to a decision?” Dean just sighed and lowered his head. “If it helps any, I would be there with you every step of the way, quite literally. Not to mention that I would love to be performing the ballet with you.”
And he disappeared back into the thick brush of the forest.
"Us?" Sam asked again, now with more questions than answers.
Cas smiled at him fondly across the pillows as he settled back down across from him and whispered back, "Good night, Dean," then reached across the baby for his hand.
By the time Balthazar had reached the door, the person on the other side had already rang the bell a second time, and before he answered the door he muttered to himself, “Someone’s impatient,” and when he opened it he was met with… flowers?
Dean smiled, he was so relieved that it was seeming to be going well so far, “I’m just glad he’s not screaming or crying, I just want him to like me, he's a cute kid!”
"Guys, seriously," Sam barked out the warning, but it didn't do anything. In fact it did the exact opposite, Dean actually pushed closer to Cas, squishing Sam even tighter between them until finally he could not handle it anymore and jumped up off the couch.
“First time for everything I guess,” she placed a hand on his shoulder and gave him a sad smile, “let's just wait out the game and then head back to the motel and call Bobby.”
“I am! I know this will bode well for us and our people, I have seen it in my dreams and I can feel it in my bones.”
She gave him a curious look then turned to open it, dumping the contents into her lap. She rifled through, looking at every piece, eyes widening as she went deeper.
“I'm sorry, Jack,” he said as he held him close.
“That was very nice of him,” Cas looked up at Dean, trying to gauge his reaction and smiled when Dean did too.
"You don’t want to stay up for a beer?” He asked, though he knew the answer, he just wanted to see what Dean would say, “Celebrate taking down that nest?”
~~~~~~~~~~~
'I am actually in the Bunkers library, I needed some of your books.'
~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean just huffed out his annoyance at his brother, then decided that if Sam wasn't gunna move then he'd just have to go around him. So that's exactly what he did.
“I have been living with you two for over a year now, and I’m still not in the books?! The hell is that all about?!”
"And you left the tie on, right?"
She pulled him away from Cas and into the tightest bear hug he had ever been in, "You were amazing, Honey, so absolutely amazing!"
Sam turned to answer her question, “At every convention there's a game, a hunt. The hotel or venue puts out clues and gets their staff to play along, and the people who register for the game have to figure out what kind of monster is ‘killing’ the guests, and how to kill it. The winners usually get a gift card or something.”
“I suppose you're right,” he took a breath then looked up to Dean as he explained, “Jack is the son of a very good friend of mine, her name was Kelly. The two of us had been friends since we were in kindergarten together, best friends, completely inseparable. After we graduated highschool I went straight to university, but Kelly decided to take some time off and travel the world. When we were twenty-two she booked a backpacking trip across Europe. She was supposed to be gone for three months, but she showed up on my doorstep not too long after she left and told me she found out she was pregnant.”
He swallowed hard but told himself that Cas was right. He just needed to pretend that no one else was there, the theater was empty, it was just him and Cas same as it was every other time they've danced together. So he closed his eyes, erased everything and everyone from his mind except Cas, and as the music started he smoothly transitioned into the steps he knew so well.
“Seriously?!” He asked grabbing up a book, “Sam and Gabriel? As in the archangel Gabriel? You know Sam’s straight right.”
“Hardly,” she scoffed, “no one’s as fit to lead us as you. The people will be awaiting your return eagerly, as will I.”
“Okay?!” John just stared at Dean with wide eyes, and for a moment Dean worried that maybe he had made a wrong decision, “That’s fantastic!”
Shifting below him had him turning to look down at his men, finding Gabriel right below him, huddled under as many furs as he could find, but his small body was still feeling the chill of the airy sea night. He shifted again, tossing and shivering, teeth chattering in an attempt to find warmth. Watching him, Dean started to think maybe Sam was right, maybe this trip would prove to be too much for Gabriel, maybe he should have convinced him to stay in Nazareth.
Chuck looked between Castiel and Dean, then just waved his hands and said, “Fine, do whatever you want then,” and threw himself in a chair in the front row and waited.
His smile widened and he kicked his feet in excitement as Cas finished up and stood in front of Dean to do a last minute check. "You know how to use the seat?"
She gave him a questioning look and asked, "And that was how?"
Jack just looked between them so Dean suggested, “Daddy can stand in front of you if you want.”
“I'm fine, Cas, promise, just…” He closed his eyes tight, focusing for the moment on Cas’s voice in his ear, “Just distract me for a few, tell me about your job with Bobby.”
They walked inside looking around for a second and taking in the place. It still had all the old furniture and decor from back in the day, but the place was well kept. They eyed the front desk then, and walked over to talk to the young man standing behind it.
“Sera, I-” all Dean could do was stammer and Sam didn't know what to say.
Dean felt a chill of excitement run through his body as he tapped to open the picture Cas had sent him, the feeling only intensifying when he saw it. Cas had taken his picture at a slightly different angle, allowing Dean to get a glimpse of exactly what he had expected, Cas with his hand wrapped tightly around his cock, back arched, but also allowing him to see his usually stoic face contorted in ecstacy. Eyes shut tight and mouth opened in what Dean could imagine was a deep, delicious moan. And the tie! It was just as Dean had imagined. Slightly pulled down, flipped upside down along Cas’s chest and stomach, and the bottom of the tie reached just far enough to catch the little bit of precome that was leaking from his cock.
“You're just another a-typical absent father. You threw your children to the world and when they needed you the most you gave them a real big screw you!”
"Neither do I, sweetheart."
There was a moment of silence between the two of them as she stood back and watched as Dean shuffled nervously from foot to foot, “Hey, Cas, I…”
“No,” Chuck closed his eyes and shook his head, “no, no, no, no, no! Absolutely not! No!”
Dean's hand glided up his chest to one of his nipples, rolling it and pinching as Cas spoke.
"Cas," he breathed as he tossed the kleenex towards the trash can, "god, Cas, that was so good. I can't wait till I can see you again and get that pounding you were telling me about."
“Seems you're off to a good start at least, thinking like that,” she smiled at him softly, “but I'm sure together we can find a way around this. We'll find a way to bring them back without having to go the familiar route of the typical Winchester sacrifice.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
She tightened her lips and took her hand back, “Right, of course you do,” then she added, “so, what kind of convention exactly does god hold at an old bed and breakfast?”
“I've got a lot to tell you guys too, so let's just start from where we left off.”
Dean nodded, “When he got older my parents told him about them. My dad pulled some old pictures from their files at the precinct, and they took Adam to visit their graves. He still goes occasionally, but he was too young to even remember them when they died. We’re they only family Adam has ever known.”
Dean just nodded.
Since the first night Dean had danced with Cas, it was all he could think about. The intensity of their chemistry, even after only a few hours, was a feeling he would never forget, and one he had never known. It became something he craved all day long when he wasn't at the studio, and weekends were pure torture for him. And every night after the first night, when Dean would sneak his way into the dance studio, rather than going upstairs to his usual room, he had started going straight to Cas's practice room on the first floor.
“You're not reading these anymore!”
“Well, thank-you but no.”
Sam turned to his brother cupping his cheeks with both hands, “Yes! Yes, Brother! Speak to the Gods, for they dote upon you. They will tell you the best path to take for the good of our people.”
All his life he had been told that heaven would be where everything was made better. No more pain, or suffering, or misery, but of course it would always be different for a Winchester. Despite being happy for Sam, watching him from above grow old and happy with a family of his own. Married with a kid, white picket fence and all. It was all he had ever wanted for Sam, and that filled him with joy. But his heart still ached for Cas, for words unsaid, regrets and missed opportunities. Not to mention the fact that since that horribly fated day, as far as he knew Cas was still in The Empty. Locked away for all of eternity, all to save his ass so he could die in a horrible rush of rage not two days later. And in the end, they never even got to be together, not even in Heaven. And it hurt him even more deeply to know that if Cas knew what he had done, he would be disappointed in Dean, disappointed that his sacrifice was all for nothing. He couldn't even do what Cas wanted, he couldn't bear to live without the angel even though it was Cas's last wish that he did.
“You can.” She assured him in her most firm mom voice she could muster.
"A rose," she held it out before her in a trembling hand, "the most beautiful rose any have ever seen. I offer it to you in return for a warm night, else I shall die in the storm."
Dean came up behind her then and snatched the book from her hands, “No, we are not doing this! Let’s go.”
Cas took a few more deep breaths, floored that everything he was worried about had already been taken care of, and the fact that Dean made sure Jack was okay and taken care of meant the world to him. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Alright fine,” she then moved over to the next booth, “if I can't have books then how about… fanfiction. What's that?”
“Why not?”
“Okay,” she made a face and tucked it back in her pocket, “I don't really know what else to do here, and nothing has happened since Jerry's death. No sightings, no other killings, so maybe we are barking up the wrong tree guys. Maybe we should just go home.”
But of course Sam didn't answer, didn't move, then Dean had a thought. "Jack! Jack, I need your help! Please!"
“Oh, dear brother, this has nothing to do with me or my position,” Dean tossed a smirk over his shoulder, “as long as you are on that boat, Gabriel will be too. I do not think he wants to let you out of his sight, let alone see you off on a journey that could last a very long time. I do not think the Gods themselves could convince him to let you go without him.”
She nodded, understanding how he felt. “Well you know, i've got some extra rooms in the house since the girls left. Claire’s never here aside from a quick visit to check in for the sake of my sanity between hunts, Patience is off to college so she'll be back in the summer but that's it, and Alex is still working at the hospital in town but she's now all moved in with her boyfriend. That gives you a room for yourself, a room for the twins, and then we still have a spare room for when the girls come to visit.”
Ash watched as he stood and made his way for the door, confused, “It's only eight.”
“Um… can I help you?” he asked, unsure of exactly who he was talking to behind the bouquet of lilies.
'God, Cas, that's so hot.'
Dean watched them go with a smile as Cas pulled him a little closer so he could kiss his cheek. "Your family is great, I am glad to be a part of it."
“The idea of being joined with another being,” he began, eyes not moving from the archway in front of him, his voice almost a whisper, “to prove the strength of your bond, in front of the eyes of my Father... It's one that I never thought would matter to me but, after watching the wedding today I find myself feeling that perhaps it does matter to me.”
“So you are asking me to marry you,” Dean reached out and took Cas’s chin between his fingers, turning him to face him finally, “so why don't we do it right now then?”
Though it wasnt so much a whisper as everyone heard it, then he just as quickly ran off to go show his grandpa and uncles his new hairstyle.
Cas nodded eagerly, “I would like to go first, Dean.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“I will,” and Dean was already counting down the seconds until he could wake up and make a second date with Cas.
Just before he closed his eyes, he ran the back of his hand over Cas’s slightly stubbled cheek, then he laid back against his pillow. Then suddenly Cas shifted beside him and moved until he was practically right on top of Dean. He tucked his head under Dean’s chin, tangled their legs together, and snuggled as close as he could get.
“I don't know, maybe.”
"We both did," Sam added stepping up beside Dean, "but you were gone. We found your parents and they said you left, they didn't know where you were."
“Not that I can think of,” the kid shook his head, “it's all been normal. Not much happens here.”
“Sam, you're brothers.”
When Cas groaned and very obviously ground down into Dean, Sam stood up so fast he knocked what was left of the popcorn all over the floor and knocked over a beer on the table. He jumped forwards to grab it before it spilled everywhere, throwing napkins at it as he yelled, "Okay!" And Dean and Cas both stopped and looked up to him, "I've had enough! All I wanted to do was sit down, relax and watch a movie in peace. I didn't mind that you guys wanted to join, I was a little miffed at first but I decided to just deal with it, because when was the last time we had a full night to ourselves in the Bunker without having to worry about some monster at our heels. And now I've missed most of the movie because I've spent all of it trying to ignore the two of you and your raging equivalent of teenage hormones. This is the first night we have been home in I don't know how long, and who knows when we'll have to leave again. It could be tomorrow for all we know, but it doesn't matter anyways cuz my night is already ruined. And look, don't get me wrong, I'm super happy for you guys, but could you not have kept your hands off each other for two damn hours so I could watch a damn movie?! You know what, forget it, have the couch, have the room, I'm going to bed."
Sam’s eyes met his the second he walked through the doors to the hall, and he knew his brother had been waiting patiently all day for the answers to his own questions. He wasn't at all surprised when his brother rose from his place at the head table and hurried to meet him halfway, grabbing Dean by both shoulders.
~~~~~~~~~~~
He turned Dean towards him and pulled him into a tight hug, Dean wrapping his arms around his neck and digging his face in, "You're spiraling, Dean," he rubbed his hands soothingly up and down his back, "you have nothing to worry about. I promise that not just your family, but everyone in the audience will love your performance. You will not fall, because I will always catch you. And no one will laugh at you, because if they do they will have to answer to me."
Gunner was between them, laying on the ground looking from Dean to Cas and back. A few days prior they had taken Gunner to Amelia's clinic and she had finally removed the cast. She told Dean and Cas that he would be ready to walk any day now, his leg had healed perfectly, and in his own time he'd be up and walking. So now it was just a waiting game, and currently Dean and Cas were both trying to spur it along.
“So,” Dean began as he shifted from foot to foot while they stood on the porch, “did you enjoy the night?”
After about an hour the two met back up in the map room, shoving their findings into the few duffels Dean grabbed from his old room, when a pounding at the door had them both frozen and silent. Eyes wide, Dean looked to Jody for an answer who just shook her head, as lost as he was.
“That is very cute, Dean, I'm sure the baby will love it,” he said as he pet the baby in his lap.
Sam pulled his hand back but his eyes still remained fixed on the scar. “What do you mean, touched by your destiny?”
He sighed and nodded, "You're right, I'm being slightly overbearing."
“Bobby does,” Sam shrugged, running a hand through his hair, “and we’ve checked out less before.”
“Why don't you just call him, Dean,” they walked out the doors together and were now standing out front of the diner, “you obviously want to, so just call him. You and I both know that no matter how busy Cas is, he will always make time for you.”
"As do you, Dean."
“I'll ask you to be quiet as we pass through,” the Father whispered to them, “one of our young couples is getting married. We’ll keep to the side and sneak into the back.”
"Apparently," he placed Chuck’s seat down by his feet and took the outstretched bottle from Jody as she came back from the kitchen, "they didn't give me much choice. Just fixed reality, put me back on Earth, sent Sam to Heaven, and just poofed themselves into human babies with paperwork saying they’re Winchesters."
“Cas,” his eyes meet Dean’s again, “let me take him so you can do what you gotta do with your family. Let me help you.”
"I was going to ask about that," Dean said and led them back over to the impala, "can't have my little man here riding without a safety seat, can we?"
There may not have been much of a house left, and Bobby was gone for good, but the feeling that Dean always felt when he was there never left. It was something the Leviathans or anything else could ever take away from him. The memories, the love, that feeling of home. And in the end, Dean couldn't think of a better place to bury his brother. Sammy would want to be home.
Dean heard Sam, but couldn't register anything. He felt his heart rate increasing as he looked at the poor man in front of him. Familiar trench coat hanging around him, blue tie, dark messy hair… blue eyes.
After Dean went back to the theater with Cas and accepted the part, the directors were thrilled. Dean was extremely nervous, but as Cas had promised he was right there beside Dean through every step.
“It's no problem at all, and honestly any time,” he smiled, “we can't wait to have Jack stay with us!”
"What does it mean?" He asked, eyeing her hand still rested over the mark, noticing that her hand didn't quite fit it. It was far too small.
“And now,” Dean let go of Cas's hands for a second to wipe at his eyes, then to reach down into his pants pocket and pulled out a small wooden box. Cas’s eyes went wide as Dean opened it to reveal a beautiful silver ring, with a feathered line of black running through the center. “I've been carrying this around for a while now. I made it myself, but I wasn't sure if weddings or marriage was something that was for us, so I haven't said anything yet, but I was going to give this to you regardless of what we decided, at some point when I got the nerve up to give it to you,” he shook his head with a light chuckle and pulled himself out of his rambling, then held out his hand, “anyways, give me your left hand, Cas.”
"They're a little crazy but I love them," he said and turned a bit, smiling at Cas, "almost as much as I love you."
~~~~~~~~~~~
They had just finished up with one of their last rehearsals before the tickets for the show were to go live, and Dean and Cas were getting ready to leave for the night when their directors came over to them, each handing them a bundle of tickets.
“So, you said yes then, right?” Gabriel leaned over the counter expectantly.
“Exactly.” Vincent smiled at her.
“It's no problemo, my friend,” Garth smiled wide as he eyed the case of beer he was being handed, placing it on the bottom of his janitor's cart, “always happy to help a friend in need. And as always studio nine upstairs is open for you.”
“What are you two doing?”
“Balthazar is right,” Gabriel added as he rolled more dough, covered in flour from head to toe, “everything is always fine, every monday. And you know, you could probably go back to working at the office full time if you wanted to. I’m here all day, my bake shop doesn't need me most days, and Balthazar doesn't open his club until midnight. So between the two of us-”
Cas leaned back into Dean and he kissed his temple as Chuck walked out to join them.
"I love you, Cas!"
“Me too, Cas.”
Dean didn't have anyone to say goodbye to, no one waiting on him to return safe, with the hope of the Gods in their hands. And after seeing many a time the despair as their ships left the shores, and the devastation when they returned with less than they departed with, he sometimes thought he should count himself lucky that he did not have that weight on his shoulders. He had Sam, of course, but Sam was always at his side, through every journey and every battle. They never had to worry for the other and were always there to protect each other. But… despite all that, sometimes he did find that deep down, he did wish he had someone. But if what he was shown in his vision from the Gods was true, he would be finding happiness just over the horizon, or so he hoped.
Before they could kiss again, a screech was heard from off to the side, startling them both as well as silencing the entire cast and crew still backstage. Cas clutched a little tighter to Dean, but Dean just laughed and hid his face in Cas's shoulder before he turned slightly, still holding Cas.
He made the last turn into the kitchen and stopped in the doorway. On the counter there was a small pile of clothes and another yellow note. He walked over and read the note, “Hey, Cas, don’t forget that humans get cold. I grabbed you a sweater and some socks, stay warm, Dean.”
“Why?!” both brothers asked in unison.
"I'm going to start slow, sucking on the spot behind your ear that you like." Dean shuddered, stroking his cock a little faster. "Then I'll slowly move down, kissing my way to your nipples where I will suck them until your panting."
“Oh don't you play me for a fool, Dean Winchester,” she eyed him from the side, “I know you, and I know that even if it takes everything you’ve got, you will find a way to bring back both your brother and Cas. You'll have your chance to talk to Cas about this, I'm sure of it.”
“Has she ever written anything like this before? Horrors and hauntings?”
Gabriel reached over and grabbed Deans shoulder too, “May the Gods be with you, Dean, stay safe.”
Cas merely rolled his eyes and in his regularly calm voice answered, "I wasn't the one who confused the steps, Ruby. You should be at least a foot ahead of me, you're too close, which is why you keep stumbling."
"Man, we did a good job," Dean pulled back, just enough to look at Cas's face, "he's amazing."
“Dean…” Cas choked out, not able to say much more.
“What?!” His head flew back up with sparks of hope renewed in his eyes. “What is the word they speak?!”
“Dean,” Cas breathed, stepping closer and placing a hand on his cheek which Dean turned into, closing his eyes, “just let go, fall with me.”
“I'm done, Dean,” he repeated with a slight shrug of his shoulders. “You may not think it, but I've given more of myself to this world then you will ever know, and I don't wanna do it anymore. No more chasing after my children, no more fixing their mistakes, no more saving you or anyone else. And after everything I've done for you and your brother, you are going to help me.”
A blonde man with spiked up hair, dressed like Dean, was walking through the lobby with a taller dark haired man dressed like Sam. Both looking frantic.
“Yes!” Sera cheered as Sam pushed past her to the table.
"Dad…" He finally lifted his head slightly out of his hands, wiping the tears that had smudged all over his face now, though still not making eye contact with anyone. "Dad would never want me to be the person I am, he would be disappointed."
Dean nodded, “Just before he blew us back to reality.”
“No, there's no way. We barely have time to watch tv, and I have her computer blocked from certain things,” Amanda sent a worried look at Sera, “Why? What's wrong?”
“Before Mr. Melden’s death, was there anything strange happening in the building?” Sam asked.
“First off, you guys are all so successful!” Cas smiled triumphantly, “And second, any time Gabriel needs a taste tester, and I do mean any time, sign me up!”
He rolled his eyes at Dean as he followed after him once again, even though he knew Dean could not see it. “Brother, I beg of you, speak with Gabriel, convince him to stay behind and wait until we return to gather the rest of the people in the warmer seasons.”
Just before he walked out the door, he took one last look towards the living room. Dean and Cas had now moved to the couch, and the sudden flash of blue tie and plaid shirt that caught his eye as they were thrown across the room was more then enough of a hint for Sam, and he quickly left with Gunner.
“I’m a bit of a closeted dancer. No one knows that I dance besides Castiel, and now you guys. It's…” He took a hard breath and let it out slow, “It's hard to openly be this person after I've been someone else my entire life. People expect me to be a certain way, and this sudden change could cause me to lose so much.”
It took them awhile to stop laughing at the state of the back seat, both had tears streaming down their faces before they were able to catch their breaths again. And after their fit of laughter, Dean leaned over the seat to put his hand around the back of Cas's neck and pulled him in close. “You know, he is right about one thing.
"Bye bye, daddy, I'll miss you," he leaned over towards Cas and gave him a tight hug before reluctantly leaning back into Dean.
“It happened on the backpacking trip?”
Dean shut his eyes, pinched the bridge of his nose, and huffed, “I gotta go, I’ll text you later.”
“Ye-” He stopped short, realizing what Dean had said and what he had done, almost getting caught in the trap. “I…”
“Dad still works as chief of police, my mom has never worked, she always stayed home and took care of us. Sammy, the middle child, is working towards becoming a big shot lawyer, and Adam, the youngest is in med school. As for me, I’m nothing special,” Dean shied away, '' I work with my uncle as a mechanic at his shop. I was never really one for school, so no hot shot job for me.”
Amanda came running around the corner then with Natasha on her heels, and she also stopped dead when she saw the scene before her. Sera got up as fast as she could and ushered them back the way they came before Natasha could see anything. “Take Natasha back to the office and lock the door, only let me in, go!”
"Usually if I do this for a few minutes he falls asleep and then I sneak away," Cas grunted trying to turn to Dean as he spoke, "but he won't settle down tonight. I don't know why."
He was about to head up to the third floor when a noise from behind caught his attention. He turned, finding a woman in a slim black silk dress, black shoulder length hair, she was beautiful. But he couldn't remember seeing her before and he definitely did not check her in.
From backstage Dean could hear everyone cheering, clapping louder than before, and the undeniable Sam Winchester whistle and hollar combo, which he had to admit eased his nerves just a bit. And Chuck and Metatron went on.
Sam was next to hit the wall a few feet beside him, crawling over to where Dean was still lying on the ground. “This creature is one hell of a jackass.”
Dean reached down and took both of Cas’s hands in his, “It’s no problem Cas, we can work this at your pace. And as for Jack, whenever you're ready I would love to meet him. If we are going to make this work between us, because I really like you Cas, then I want Jack to like me too. He's as much a part of this as we are.”
He nodded, then thought back to what they had shown him in the temple. “In my vision, there was a man. A dark haired man with piercing blue eyes as captivating as the sea,” he leaned in closer to her, “he spoke to me.”
"I wish you were here, Cas," Dean moaned, feeling his toes starting to curl as he was getting closer and closer, "I wish you were touching me like this, I miss you."
“Easy, brother, easy,” Dean laughed, raising a hand to his brother, “give the men their two days' time, and then we will leave. There are preparations that must be made first before we make this venture. Have patience, Sam, the time will come.
“Excuse me,” a voice from behind them startled them all and they backed out of the doorway, “sorry guys, there's no clues in here for the game, it's just my office.”
“Okay then, we can go to your house.”
The baby wiggled between them, finding the best and most comfortable spot and Dean smiled down at him, "That's right, Gunner, cuddle close to your mommy."
“Okay, what does he look like?” Dean asked.
“You must find him then!” Sam nearly jumped up from his seat, “We must hurry and ride the seas to find this man!”
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” he chided as he stepped forwards again, “delved so deep into your love for your brother that you don't know what's actually going on here, do you? Think back, Dean, think back to that fight, to the vamps and what actually happened.”
She took a moment before she just nodded, but that was more than enough for Sam and Dean at the moment. They both gave her hand one last squeeze before letting go and Dean said, “Come on, let's get out of here.”
"We really did, Honey, and we’re so proud of you, both of you." She stood between them for one more hug and a kiss on each boy's cheek before backing away and saying, "alright, you two change and then I'm taking you both to dinner, on me. Sammy and I will wait for you by the car."
Sam just smirked and walked past Dean and got in.
Just then Dean and Jack came back into the kitchen, with Jack once again holding Dean's hand. When he saw Cas he let go of Dean to run over to him and gesture Cas down so he could whisper, “Now I’m cool like Dean.”
After a while of sitting on the floor and having finally caught his breath, he pushed himself up to his feet, but as he did a strange feeling on his left arm caught his attention. It wasn't pain, but rather a warmth wrapped around his upper arm, a feeling that had not been there before he arrived.
John’s expression turned solemn for a moment as he bowed his head, “I know I wasn’t the best dad after you came out, and I’m very sorry for that, but Castiel makes you happy and so does Jack. Therefore I am happy as well. And they’re a good family, I’m glad to be a part of it.”
"It's perfectly safe, Dean, you insisted we got the most top of the line everything for the babies, and according to the clerk at the store, and the seven articles you read on the way there, that's exactly what we got. And the articles said it was tested and proven the best stroller in America right?" She laughed as he just nodded sheepishly. "Don't worry so much, Dean, you're gunna be a fine daddy. Now you try clipping Amara into the bottom part of the stroller."
Cas woke up around noon, still tired as hell and still not completely healed, but definitely better then the previous day’s. Being human always took a beating on him, especially right after losing his grace, but he knew eventually he would adjust and be able to hunt with Sam and Dean again.
"Got some ID?"
“So what was this guys name?” Sera asked as they got out of the car, all dressed in their suits, fake badges in hand.
“I think it's time,” he said to the table.
“Did you call him,” Sam asked.
Dean called out through the bunker as he walked through the map room where Sam was sitting. He looked over to his older brother from his seat at the table, eyeing Dean over the book in his hand. “You going?”
Cas stopped trying to chase after Dean and pulled back to look at him. Dean wiggled his eyebrows at him and all he could do was nod enthusiastically while practically dragging Dean towards the front doors of the church. “Yeah, let's do that!”
"Heads up!" Dean caught it, giving him a nod in thanks, before opening it and practically downing it in one go. Cas walked over to sit beside him, and decided now was as good a time as any to ask. "So Dean, we have stage rehearsals at the theater tomorrow night, so I won't be here to practise with you." He could see the disappointment Dean tried to hide, and hoped that it was a good indication that he would get the answer he was hoping for. "I was wondering if you'd like to come to the theater tomorrow night, sit in and watch the rehearsal. The doors are guarded while we are in there rehearsing, but I can leave your name with security if you would like to come."
“Ok, my turn,” he cleared his throat before he spoke, holding tighter to Cas’s hands and feeling the tears welling in his eyes, but he didn't care, “in my life I have thought, many times, that I knew what true love felt like, but as soon as I saw you walking through those barn doors for the first time, I knew that all those other times I was so very wrong. The profound bond we share is something I have never felt, ever, in my entire life. And I don't think anyone, past, present, or future, will ever be lucky enough to feel the way we do, how strongly we do, through that bond. And I know it took me a long time to admit it, because we both know I'm a stubborn ass, but I have always known that I never want to be without you, Cas. I'm not the same when you're not around, I feel empty when you're gone, even if it's just for a few hours, I never want to be without you. And with you in my arms forever, I know I will be the happiest man on Earth. I love you, Cas.”
"This could be a sign," he looked up and took another step towards Dean, "a sign that it is time to move on, seek out other options.".
Eventually he found the room where the music was coming from, studio two by the front of the building, and peaked his head in the doorway to see who it was. It was a man he didn't recognize, but as soon as he laid eyes on him he was instantly entranced. He had never in his life seen anyone move as gracefully as he did. Every line, every transition was pure perfection, the kind of dancer that Dean aspired to be. Dean couldn't help himself but stare as the dark haired man continued his perfect rendition of the Nutcracker, the very ballet he himself had been working on for months now. He watched for an unknown amount of time in the doorway, in awe of his elegance and grace, before eventually the music stopped and he took that as his cue to leave before he was caught.
Deans phone went off in his pocket, he saw that it was Sera and Sam nodded to him to let him know he’d take over. He stepped off to the side and answered, “Everything okay?”
Sam laughed, “Worry not about me, Brother, for I know you have already solicited the aid of a spy.”
“No, not at all,” Sera assured her, “in fact, Natasha more than likely had no idea that this information was on her laptop. But myself and these agents are going to do our best to find out how it got there and why, so we can stop this from ever happening here again.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Sera-”
"Around somewhere," he answered, as he turned and placed a cup of coffee in front of Dean, "she was up before I was today."
“But nothing,” he reached up and ran the back of his hand down Dean's cheek, “you can do this. Show them just how amazing you are, how amazing I know you are.”
Dean wrapped his arm around Cas and pulled him into his side, and they watched together as Gunner sniffed around, the place probably smelling familiar to him. As he started walking further in, they slowly started backing towards the impala to let him wander off into his new world.
"I love you too, Dean. Good night." But there came no answer other than Dean's snoring.
“Jody I can't, “ he shook his head, “I can't ask that much of you, and I've still got so much to deal with, and Sam… I’ve still got to bury Sam,” he whispered the last part, voice cracking, choking back a sob as he tried to hide it behind his hand.
“Sera…” Dean dropped the hand he was still holding and took a step back, shaking his head in disbelief.
Sam and Dean were walking through the convention, more like pushing their way through. It had seemed that since they last spoke to Chuck his books were doing better than ever.
"Where were you all that time, huh?" He turned Crowley back to look at him, "How did you not die, what did you do?"
Dean smiled and clutched at the strap of his duffel as they walked. He was glad he had Garth, and glad that he didn't have to stop dancing or start sneaking around the house again. “Don't worry, I'll be here.”
“It's great, Dean!” Cas nearly screamed, “He… he’s never done this before. He actually answered a question you asked him, though with a nod rather than words, and he isn't clinging to my legs. This is amazing, he never comes around to anyone.”
“Dean, we have been driving for hours,” Cas turned from where he had been moping out the window since they left the bunker, “can you please just tell me where we are going.”
Dean leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on Cas’s forehead and he smiled, tucked himself tighter under Dean’s chin, "I love you too, Dean, and I’m glad you came back tonight.”
Dean put the car in park and they sat there for what felt like an eternity, just staring into the forest in front of them, before Dean gave Cas's hand a squeeze.
As they slowly walked closer to the buck, who was also cautiously walking closer to them, Cas reached out a hand. Hoping with all his heart that it was him, their baby.
"And I love you, Dean," he said as he leaned in, pressing his lips to Dean's in an almost kiss, "I am so very glad that you snuck into that dance studio and watched me dancing like a creeper."
He turned and held out his arm to Cas who took it instantly, and then he walked them up the few steps to stand at the top under the archway. Once they were there, he turned and took both of Cas's hands in his own and readied to make this Angel his in their own private little ceremony, just the two of them. Little did they both know, it wasn't as private as they had originally thought it was.
He took a breath to try and steady his raging stomach and rang the doorbell before he could turn and run, and Castiel's two brothers answered the door.
“Cassie, we are family, he’s our nephew, of course you can. And we would absolutely love to watch him,” Balthazar then turned to Dean with a smile and said, “come back in an hour and he’ll be ready.”
"I just wanted to let you know that breakfast was ready…" he leaned over slowly to look past Dean, "Cas is in your bed?"
“It's for creative writing,” the girl stopped typing for the first time since they got there and eyed Sera cautiously, “I had to write a short story for class last week but I decided to keep writing it. It's seven chapters so far.”
Sam followed Dean through the busy docks, trying desperately to hold his attention.
~~~~~~~~~~~
They both backed away, tucked themselves backstage to watch their masterpiece unfold, as the curtain opened and the lights shone hot and bright on the stage.
It was Castiel's turn to be confused now, not to mention slightly scared. He was, after all, in a studio in the middle of the night, alone, now faced with a random stranger who apparently had no reason for being there in the first place. “Then… how did you get in here?” He asked as he started taking slow steps back, trying to get to his phone, “And why are you in here?”
She nearly died laughing when she walked in and saw the very large sign hug over the small stage that read “Supernatural” with a picture of two men to the side who looked very much like Sam and Dean. And turning to her left she couldn't help but laugh as she saw one of the vendors tables, covered in books. She walked over and started picking them up, chuckling to herself as she read the titles, “There's books about your lives?!”
“I need to find out if the angel rebels against heaven and saves the princess in the tower!” She smirked at Sam who was also trying to hold in his laughter, “I was right at the part where the angel had the princess pinned up against the wall, it really seemed like things were starting to heat up!”
Dean was having a real hard time trying to keep it together right now. Even miles away Cas still had this effect on him, the only thing that would drive Dean even further over the edge was hearing those deep chested moans.
Dean just shook his head and closed his eyes, the sobs coming back a little harder now. Mary reached over the table and managed to get ahold of one of his to squeeze it comfortingly. "Tell Sam, it's okay."
"What's she saying?" Dean asked, grabbing Cas by the waist and sitting them up, "Is it about Gunner, is he okay?"
"Okay, first of all, Uncle Crowley?" He just shrugged up at Dean as he continued, "And second, why do you wanna help all of a sudden? What's the catch?"
But still, he tried his best to ignore them and not let them ruin his one and only night of freedom. He tried so hard to just focus on the movie, but it was becoming harder and harder.
Cas nodded and gave Dean a once over as well, eyeing a similar gash on the back of his left hand. He took Dean's hand in his own, staring at the cut and whispered, “I'm sorry, I can't-”
Cas merely rolled his eyes.
“I appreciate your optimism, Dean,” she crossed her arms, suddenly surrounded by an air of importance as she continued, “now, any last words of wisdom before you depart?”
Chapter two
Natasha grabbed the laptop and scrolled to the bottom of the document then turned it back to Sera. She quickly skimmed her eyes over the last few paragraphs of the writing, eyes wide as she was reading. Then she suddenly jumped up and ran out the door of the office.
“His name is Castiel,” Garth answered, leaning against his mop, “I completely forgot he was coming, sorry man.”
Dean perked up at that, squeezing Cas’s hand that he was still holding a little tighter, “You think so?!”
"Once you're nice and open for me, Dean, I will climb back up your body, pressing our sweaty chests together while I pound you into the mattress so hard you are screaming my name." Dean really couldn't take much more, Cas was driving him completely crazy. "Scream for me, Dean, scream my name."
Sera didn't say anything else, but just moved to the right, “Hello Annitta!” The redhead smiled at Sera as she stopped in front of the table, “Tell me about slash fiction!”
Dean shook a little at the mention of Cas, but answered through gritted teeth, "He's in the Empty, for good this time."
"Ah," he nodded, seemingly unfazed, "and your devilishly handsome boyfriend?"
“I'm sure it will be fine,” Sam returned his eyes to his book, “just don't freak out.”
Cas’s deep gravely laugh sent shivers through his spine as he caught his footing and walked closer to Cas. “Hey, Cas!”
“Dean, honey, you are not imposing,” she placed a hand on his knee and gave it a light squeeze, “I am happy to help. So you, the babies, and your dog are all going to be living here starting now until further notice. And as for the rest, the supplies for the babies, I can also help you with that. I don't have anything left over from when my son was little, but it's nothing a quick trip to the store can't fix.”
“That's for the best,” Dean agreed, “he deserves to know who his mom was, she sounds like she was an amazing person.”
The boy gestured at Dean, “he's about your height, dark hair, blue eyes, he's dressed like Castiel.”
He opened his mouth to protest further, to beg for more answers, but as he thought about it there was a possibility she was right. The vision flooded his mind once more and not only was Dean happy, but around him was full fields and healthy livestock. Perhaps both Dean’s own destiny and better hope could be found in the same place, on the same path.
He took a deep, shuddering breath and wiped away the tears rolling down his cheeks. Jody shifted over and wrapped an arm around him, "When you're ready, we’ll head to the bunker and get what you need. Then we'll get back home, get the cribs set up in their room, and get you and the babies settled."
Dean was just standing, frozen, outside his bedroom door. He was nervous, to say the least. There was no guarantee that Cas would be in there, or that he had seen the note he hid. He was just running off of hope that he had been right in thinking that his missing clothes and blankets had been taken by the ex angel, that maybe he had been taking them for a reason, and that his confession would be taken the way he was hoping it would.
“I sail with you, Brother!” Dean knew Sam would be the first to join him.
“Not everything,” Dean grumbled, “he zapped the three of us back here with no supplies for the babies, no formula, no diapers, no cribs, no place to live, and it's going to be hard to find a place by myself that's going to take an ex-hunter single dad with two kids and a dog.”
Gunner then walked around Cas and bumped his full body into Dean, nearly knocking him over with a laugh. “Gunner’s on board, now it's up to you, Cas. What'd ya say”
Dean stopped walking and turned to Sam, cupping his cheeks with both hands, “Calm, Sammy, for I know not yet. The Gods were very good to me upon my visit, they showed me many things in my vision and gifted me greatly as well. Before I make any final decisions I must visit the Seer, for even though the Gods were willing and gracious, I still have many questions."
“We’ll get through this, Dean, okay, one step at a time.” He just nodded again as Jody gave him one last squeeze then stood and said, “Let's get to the store so these babies have food, then we'll head over to Bobby’s… and take care of Sam.”
“I also brought a nice warm bottle,” Dean cooed as he wrapped the new blanket around the baby.
Cas nodded and reached out to place a gentle hand on Dean's shoulder in support, “You're right, it is very hard to get over something like that, but perhaps in time you will be able to let the world see the real you.”
“If it's alright, I'll let you know by the next rehearsal.”
All eyes in the hall were on the prince as the priest stood over him with the crown above his head, all breaths held, and then… A gust of wind blew through the hall, the castle was shrouded in darkness, and a chill crept its way through the crowd. The prince stood and turned to face the parting crowd, revealing a haggard old woman stumbling through them, bent over her cane and covered in a tattered old cloak. Barely able to walk she made her way to the steps where the prince stood over her, and dropped to her knees before him. He waited, shoulders squared and eyes sharp as he glowered down at her.
He lifted his red stained hand and stared at it in horror, this couldn't be happening! This couldn't be real. But the cold touch of Sam's skin on his other hand as he searched for a pulse he couldn't find, told him otherwise. This was it, this was reality, real. It was all real. Sam was dead, Chuck had fabricated everything he had thought was real for the last four years, and he was sobbing as he pulled Sam's limp body against his.
“How did you find my house?”
Sam hung up the phone and ran a hand through his hair with a huff.
“Dean, calm down,” he smoothed his hands down Dean's neck, “you will never know until you try, and if they end up being angry or disappointed then that's their loss. No matter what happens I will still be right beside you. But it's time to stop hiding it, Dean, it's time to be you.”
“Sam, there are many things left to prepare before we depart today, make it quick.”
"Dean, I-" Jack stopped dead as the entire room started to shake with a screech that had them both falling to their knees covering their ears. Dean turned to look at Jack beside him, shouting over the all too familiar deafening noise, "This you?!"
Dean moved his hand over to Cas’s chin and lifted his face up to his. "I’m glad you found my note, I wasn’t sure if you’d come in here.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“No, no!'' Dean realized what was happening, what Castiel was thinking, and held his hands up in a gesture of innocence. “It's not what you think! I’m not some creepy weirdo, I promise.”
“Bye, Cas.” And before Cas even had a chance to respond Dean hung up the phone. It didn't take a rocket scientist to know that Dean had already planned on not calling Cas when they got back to the motel. That as soon as those feelings started bubbling their way up, Dean would do anything to tamp them back down again, despite the fact that right now he clearly needed to see Cas.
They began walking through the town, Sam passing Dean's horse off to a waiting stable hand. “What did they show you!? What is our future, Brother?!”
Let me know what you guys think! And if theres anything you guys would maybe want to see Jack and Dean doing for their fun weekend together, let me know and I'll see what I can do <3<3<3
“I really don't, and now I am going to put an end to this once and for all.” The two boys looked to him with worry and confusion as he opened the door and was once again met with Dean and a fresh bouquet of flowers, today it was daisies. Dean opened his mouth to ask the same question he had been asking all week, but Cas raised a hand and stopped him before he could, “Before you say anything or try to futilely ask me on a date again, there is something I want you to know.”
“Stay in the top secret bunker?”
“Chuck’s right,” Metatron spoke as he started walking up the steps to join them, and Chuck followed, “who needs that stuck up, snobby diva Ruby when we have you, Dean!”
“Gabriel.” As soon as the name was out of his mouth, Dean stopped walking and turned to Sam, giving him a knowing look. “I don't think he should come with us.”
Dean didn't say anything, he just pulled into the small clearing by the forest and put the car in park. He got out of the car and walked over to the passenger side where Cas was refusing to come out, and opened the door. “Cas, come on.”
"Ah well, that. I had a contingency plan in place in case one of you clots should be my end."
Just before Dean was fully out the door, he turned back to smile at Cas one more time and said,“I'll take you up on that offer, good night, Cas!” And sent a wink at the still blushing Cas and then turned and ran out of the studio.
To which Dean hushed him, running a gentle hand through his hair and whispered, “You have nothing to be sorry for, if you need to let it out then you let it out, I'm right here.”
“Yeah, it's in the trunk of my car.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He placed his bag at the bottom of the bed, all the while keeping his eyes on Cas, worried that if he woke him he’d spook and leave in a panic. But thankfully he was still sound asleep. So he removed his shirts and pants and almost in slow motion, he crawled into the other side of the bed beside Cas.
Quick hands made work of removing clothes as fast as they could, roaming already hot bodies and squeezing delicious moans out of Dean that has Cas swimming in ecstasy above him. Yeah, Sam would be fine for now.
“Earth to Sera,” Dean got up and started walking over to her, “do you have any thoughts on what we’re dealing with here?”
Both Balthazar and Gabriel stood there, jaws on the ground as Castiel just calmly walked back to his seat at the counter and took another cookie. When they were able to gather themselves, they rushed into the kitchen and instantly bombarded Cas.
“What's that?”
At the thought he took a deep breath, soaking in the calm of the temple, and made his way to the centre of the room. There stood a tree, taller even then the temple itself and older then even the Gods. The tree stretched it's limbs out towards the sky, reaching for the Gods above, nearly tall enough to touch them. This is why Odin had chosen this tree and built their temple around it, the one connection between man and Gods. And on either side of the tree stood great statues of the Gods, of Odin and Thor and Loki, kneeling and reaching for the tree.
Dean just stared at him, mouth open and head slightly shaking.
She looked up to him briefly then back down to the book in her hands, “Oh, no, I have no idea.”
“I made sure that everyone knew not to say anything to her at all, why?”
“Stay in the office!” Amanda ignored her and followed her through the halls, and as she ran she took her phone from her pocket and dialed Dean.
~~~~~~~~~~~
That night Dean and Cas put Gunner in the crate, surrounded him with blankets, and told him sweet dreams before heading off to their respective rooms. But the first few nights of Gunner's new sleeping arrangement did not start off very well.
After Sam surrendered and gave the two of them the couch to themselves, exactly what he feared was going to happen, happened. He could see them out of the corner of his eye, not only that but he could hear them, which was making his blood boil to an all new level. Dean was snuggled up to Cas, kissing and sucking on his neck, and in Sam's opinion getting a little too into it for a common area.
“So, Jack,” Dean leaned in closer, “you and me, all weekend, what do you say?”
After they ate their ice cream on a bench in front of the park, Jack still remaining silent the whole time, Dean turned to him on the bench and asked if he wanted to go play at the park for a little while. Jack nodded and Dean said, “Okay, just stay where we can see you, buddy, daddy and I will be right here.”
The three then said a quick thanks to Amanda and quietly left the building.
“Balth, I’m sorry, I'm so sorry!” Dean hurried to explain, “Cas came over all upset, we talked it out and then we passed out. We both slept right through every call, I'm so sorry!”
Dean leaned forwards and touched his forehead to Gabriels before turning back to Sam who was now behind him. In the same gesture he pulled Sams forehead to his and whispered, “Don’t do anything stupid while I am gone.”
When Cas had seemed to calm down slightly, his sobs turning into light hiccups, Dean pulled back a little to ask, “So what are you guys gunna do?”
She left him to sit on the couch for a few minutes, to think over everything and have a little time to process, time she was sure he hadn't allowed himself to have yet, and started gathering her things to wait for him outside.
“You have key cards,” Sera chimed in, pointing to the elevators, “no one can get to the second floor without a key card.”
“Are you gunna…” Sam gave Dean a look.
Dean smiled to himself as he made his decision. He looked back to the baby in his lap as he continued feeding him, then with his free hand wrapped it around Cas’s shoulders and pulled him to close the gap between their legs. And when Cas didn't fight back or resist, but instead actually shifted impossibly closer, Dean was having a hard time containing the butterflies that had now invaded his stomach.
Cas gave them a steely glare, “I already told you, I don't have time to date or get to know someone.”
Dean was sitting at the front of the boat, legs hanging over the edge. This day brought with it the fourth sunset since they had departed Nazareth, and still he was too excited to sleep. The rest of his men were huddled all around the boats, sleeping peacefully as they rocked gently on the sea.
“What about the other guests?”
They owed everything to that baby deer they found in the forest, to the fact that Cas had lost his grace and couldn't heal him. He had brought them together in a way they knew they wanted, and Gunner was the perfect push, their catalyst, their perfect little son.
“Guys,” they both turned to Sam who was now slowly walking away from them and in the opposite direction of the car, “do you hear that?”
With a few small steps he turned the only corner in the shack and entered another small room, a figure sat perched on a pile of furs in the center.
“Baby still needs a name, Cas,” he said as Cas looked up to him, “if he's gunna be a Winchester, he's gotta have a kick ass name.”
“Oh...wow, I…” He stuttered, not really knowing what to say. Not to mention that his heart was now down in his feet at the mere thought of even humouring telling his mom and brother about the show. Was it naive to think that he could just keep it a secret forever?
“Probably,” he agreed, “but I can't even find him to put the offer out there. It doesn't even have to be a date, but the chance to at least get to know each other, I just want him to talk to me. But since the other day hes promptly vanished from the face of the earth.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
After a moment of just soaking Cas in, and feeling the comforting warmth on his skin he nodded, taking one last shaky breath before he opened his eyes to gaze at Cas once again.
Carter nodded and scurried behind the desk, and Vincent turned back to them as they all began heading towards the door. Just before they reached it, the door swung open and both Dean and Sam stopped dead cold in their tracks.
“Then what?” Dean asked, standing from where he had been checking the grates, “There's nothing. No EMF, no sulfur, nothing. And what kind of monster do we know that strings people upside down, cuts them open, takes their heart, and slits their throat?”
Before Cas could dive much deeper into the very quickly approaching panic attack he was about to have, Dean said, “I’ll take Jack.”
“Which one do you want, Jack?” He eyed Dean cautiously and Dean couldn't help but chuckle a little at the cute face, “You don't have to tell me, just point.” He eyed Dean for one more second before he turned his attention to the different flavors, then finally pointed to one. “You want chocolate chip, buddy?” Jack nodded without looking at Dean, then Dean turned to order their three flavors so they could head out to the park.
~~~~~~~~~~~
“I'm on my way there now, you need to hurry!”
Dean nodded, smiling at his brother's excitement.
Dean then shoved everything back at her and swatted her hands away just as Chuck came walking up.
“Sera, no,” Dean grumbled, “we have actual work to do. In case you don't remember, some poor sap was killed here three days ago and by what, we still don't know.”
“Dean,” she stopped him firmly, “what if I say yes, I just walk back into this friendship with blind faith, and I end up in the same boat I was in six years ago. Alone and heartbroken.”
"Mom's right, Dean," Sam came up behind them, taking his turn to hug Dean, "that was the best performance I have ever seen! It had everything! I was literally on the edge of my seat the entire time!"
~~~~~~~~~~~
"No he wouldn't," she said softly and shook her head, "but that doesn't matter anymore, Dean, this is your time to be you, and I wish you would have told me sooner rather than suppressing this obvious passion. I want you to be happy, Dean, and if ballet is it for you then that is perfectly fine! Just be you, please, Honey.”
The priest swallowed hard and held the crown in his hands above the prince's head again, but before he could say anything he jumped back with a gasp of horror.
“You?!”
It didn't pass Crowley that he never even bothered to deny the boyfriend comment but he went on anyway as they headed down the stairs together. "You seem fairly untroubled by the fact that I am indeed alive. Last we saw each other I "killed myself"," he turned to use air quotes at Dean who rolled his eyes again, "back when we were fighting my old compadre in the Endverse world."
Dean smiled and leaned into nudge his nose against Cas's, then leaned the little bit further to press his lips to his. It was soft, just lips on lips at first, until Cas was the one pushing for more. With the tilt of his head he ran his tongue along Dean's lips and Dean opened willingly, plunging his tongue in Cas's mouth, raveging every inch of him.
"He…" He waited a beat, took a deep breath, then continued, "He told me he loved me."
Sam didn't even try to protest as Dean hurried off through the halls. So much for watching the movie alone, but maybe a movie night with Dean and Cas wouldn't be so bad.
“Im fine, Ash,” he lied, though he already knew ash could see right through it, “I just don't know why he rejected me so fast.”
She took a deep breath, wringing her hands in her lap as if itching for the item she sought. "I want to see it."
“We moved here when Jack was six months old. Our house was already cramped enough as it was with myself, my dad, and my three brothers all living together, and with a baby added in it was just not doable. So we left Ohio and moved here, bought a house with enough space for all of us.”
“Any time, Cassie!”
“Did they find out what the complications were?”
“Yeah, well, the Winchesters have always been the exception, so why shouldn't I be miserable in Heaven? It would be weird if I wasn't.”
“Naw, it's alright, I know you're busy helping Bobby with that vamp nest,” Dean risked a glance over his shoulder, seeing Sera and Sam still investigating the scene then turned back, “just hearing your voice is enough.”
“If… if this is all fake, then where's Sam?”
Time had seemed to be flying by now that Jack had finally come around to Dean. He and Cas had been dating for a little over six months now and everything had been going perfectly. Since the first time Jack spoke to Dean at dinner, a damn had been broken and now whenever Dean was around, the kid never stopped talking. He would talk Dean's ear off about everything and anything, and Dean loved every second of it. He even recently had started asking if Dean could push his stroller, though he still wouldn't let Dean hold him just yet, it was more than enough for Dean at the moment.
In the blink of an eye she was across the hall and directly in front of him, and before he could let out a gasp she had a single hand around his throat. With one hand she lifted him off the ground, her grip so tight he couldn’t breathe let alone call for help. And in the silence of the dark halls he was completely helpless.
It had been about two hours since Sam and Dean had left her, and she was about halfway through Natasha's story when something in the writing hit her. Something familiar, something that should not have been in there.
"Please, Sera," Sam stepped around Dean, "let us talk to you, and if you're still pissed after that then fine, we'll leave."
Cas shuffled closer to Dean, the two of them wrapping their legs around each other as Cas placed his forehead to rest against Dean’s. “Perhaps they will not be disappointed, but proud.”
“How did you kill that?” Sam asked, Dean still not having found his voice, “What is it?”
"Yes, Dean, the tie is still on."
"I love you too!"
Chuck looked over at Dean with a smile, “That's very nice of you, Dean, and much appreciated. It will be soothing to know that Jack is with someone we trust.”
“Good,” Dean nodded, “if Jack’s alright, and you're all good to watch him in the morning, I'll just keep Cas here for the night if that's alright?”
The kid walked them over to the elevator and used his key card to open the doors, “You can get back down whenever you're finished without the key card. Sorry I couldn't be of much more help.”
“Who's your favourite couple?” She moved her hands over the table as she explained, “We have the most popular ship being destiel, which is Dean and Cas.”
“But I do not wish to bring my people across the sea, a perilous journey for many, if only for the reason that my destiny awaits me there.'' Pamela could tell by the tone of his voice that he was begging for more answers, but she would give him no more, and neither would the Gods. “I wish to bring them to a brighter future, a new life, new hope. Nazareth holds none of that for them any longer. If I do not find a way, they will die along with these lands. I will not force them to follow me across the seas only to discover my own destiny, they need more than that.”
“Cas, babe, you ready to go?!”
"Fine! You win, have the couch!" And he walked over to angrily throw himself down in the armchair off to the side, watching as Dean giddily jumped across the couch and into Cas's open arm.
Dean just shook his head and groaned, “Oh god,” as he opened the note and read it out loud, “Honestly, it's about time guys! Seriously! I'm really happy you both finally did this. I stopped by the church to tell you guys that I had a new lead on the case but I ended up being just in time to see your private wedding, and now you have an official witness. Also, don't worry about the case, I got this one. I made you two a reservation at an actual hotel in town, the Royal Stay Hotel, in the honeymoon suite, you can check in any time. The reservation ends Monday afternoon, so enjoy your four days off! Have fun newlyweds! Love, sam."
Dean felt the rage build up inside him, bubbling over, encompassing him. "You mean to tell me that you've been alive all this time, and when the world went to hell you just sat back and watched?!" Chuck just stood in place, smirking at Dean as he went on, "You're supposed to be our saviour. Almighty and merciful God, tucked tail and ran when things got a little too hard."
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Of course.”
“Dean-” he warned, but was cut off.
Dean laughed, then turned to continue walking down the docks, “Be careful, brother, it sounds like you might be starting to care for the man.”
“Of course, Agents, if you'll follow me to my office we can speak there.”
“No,” Dean said, grabbing the book from her and putting it back on the table, “I said no more books.”
He quickly threw his hands up in surrender and watched as Dean stood and began walking towards the hunter from behind, but he just as quickly had a knife at his throat. “Hey!”
“Papa?” Dean furrowed his brows and brought his eyes to finally rest on the face of the one holding the young boy. A man. A very beautiful man. Dark hair framed a sharp face, holding a smile so bright the Gods themselves would worship it.
“Your father is gone now, Honey, has been for four years," she gave his hand a squeeze again, and this time she managed to catch his eye, "you have to stop looking over your shoulder and expecting him to be there. It's only holding you back. He would have been proud of you no matter what, he loved you."
“No, don't send me back! Don't send me back! No!”
He nodded again and hurriedly rifled through his wallet for his driver's licence, holding it out for the guard to look at. Once he was satisfied, he pushed the door open and held it for Dean, "Go on in, just try to be quiet and sit wherever you'd like. Enjoy."
I promised this, and I'm sorry its so late, but hopefully it was worth the wait :D
In one swift movement he trapped both Dean's and Cas's legs with his own and turned on the two of them, "Guys, stop. I wanna watch the movie, not the two of you flirting overtop of me."
He hit play on the first episode and then started digging through the bags of snacks in the bowl, trying to decide which one to open first, when he found another note. “Enjoy the snacks, Cas, but don’t eat them all at once or you won’t wanna eat dinner later, and you have to eat dinner. Humans need more than just candy and sweets all day, so make sure you save some room for that pasta. Also, don’t forget at some point to shower, humans have to shower. Dean.”
The door opened a crack and Amanda peeked out. Upon seeing it was Sera and the boys, she opened the door and let them in. “Agents, what's going on? Who was that woman?”
“Sure,” she said as she stood and stretched, “I’ll pack a bag.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“I would love to know what the hell’s going on,” Sam said as he circled the body once, “I was two feet away from what was clearly a spirit and there was no EMF at all. Maybe you're right, it must be broken.”
“That being said, I must go start preparing for this evening. And should you like to stay and participate in the game, Carter at the front desk can help you to register. I do hope I see you all later.” And with that he excused himself.
Dean just smiled, "Don't worry about us. I've got a great weekend planned for me and Jack, he’ll be so busy with activities he won't even have time to be upset that you're gone."
Dean blushed even harder at Castiel's words, “It definitely was not easy. But I've been working at secretly teaching myself ballet for over ten years now, and-” He was cut short by his watch chiming and startling the both of them. He looked down at the time and panicked when he realized that he had been talking to Cas for almost half an hour, and it was now almost four in the morning. Sam would be getting up soon for work and he did not want to explain to his brother why his car wasn't in the driveway when he left for work. “Crap I gotta go! I have to get home before my early-bird-gets-the-worm brother wakes up and realizes I'm not in the house. But it was nice to meet you Cas, and thanks for not ratting me out.”
He hesitated on the thought a moment longer before deciding his curiosity was stronger than any other thought, so he quickly rolled up his sleeve, revealing the handprint.
She walked past Dean, leaving him to watch her as she grabbed up her spear.
Cas turned his attention away from them for a moment to address his brothers, “I’m sorry for disappearing.”
“I still can't believe that these two precious little munchkins are God and the Darkness. Two very horrible people we once tried to kill,” she looked up from the babies, “how… how do you feel about that, I mean, the last time I saw you, you were pissed at Chuck and now you're raising him.”
"Yeah, or…" And Dean lifted his hips up to grind mercilessly into Cas, the two of them moaning together, panting slightly now, "We can give him some time to cool off, finish this, and then go talk to him later "
“Ah,” Dean turned to him, crossing his arms, “so you worry for him.”
"No, Dean," Sam rolled his eyes, "I'm not going to switch spots with you so you can sit beside your boyfriend and make out the whole time instead of watching the movie. If that's what you wanna do, then go to bed."
"Yes," he nodded.
Dean smiled down at him and ruffled his hair, “You're welcome, little man.”
Sam grabbed Dean’s arm and started pulling him towards the door of the broken down old house, but the creature jumped in front of them using its body to send them both flying in different directions. Sam looked up from the ground over to Dean, this creature now standing between them and the only way out, and no way to kill it.
With the water settled in the nest of his hands he sat back on his heels again, tilted his head, and held the water above his face. He whispered once more, hoping as hard as he could that the Gods would hear him, "Show me the way," and let the water trickle out between his hands and land on his face.
"We started on stage rehearsals in the town theater today, and we ended up being there longer than I expected today, so I was a little late," he looked up and smirked at Dean, "sorry for worrying you."
She shook her head, then Dean turned to be face to face with her. He quickly stuffed the phone back in his pocket and completely ignored the fact that she more than likely just heard everything he had said, and instead asked, “Anything?”
“Absolutely, it's the ballroom straight past the desk.”
Where he was exhausted not too long ago he now found himself tossing and turning. He was wide awake and could not see sleep in his near future whatsoever. And after a few more minutes of restlessly trying to relax enough to sleep, he realized exactly why he was suddenly so unsettled. It was Dean.
“Hey, man, I don't wanna get you in trouble,” he shook his head, “if the owner of the studio finds out you've been sneaking me in here at night you'll lose your job.”
Dean sat back up and pulled down the shoulder of his shirt, and turned to show Sam the handprint scar that had appeared there. His eyes went wide and his mouth fell agape, hands reaching out but not touching. “Brother, you were touched by the Gods! This is a great honour!”
“Dean,” he heard Cas’s voice, but couldn't even move to look up at him, “Dean.”
Cas just shook his head with a grin, “They are crazy, but they all love Jack just as much as I do, and they were there to help me when I suddenly found myself a single parent.”
Dean shrugged, “You want to prove our bond in the eyes of God right? And like you said, he's always watching. So whether we do it here and now, or somewhere else, who cares?”
The Father led them through the church and through another set of large double doors, the room on the other side packed full and decorated to the nines.
Dean nodded in thanks and hiked his duffle back over his shoulder, and headed up the stairs. He made his way to studio nine and walked into the mirrored room, dropping his duffle and connected his phone to the bluetooth speakers. He put on some light music and did a few quick stretches before looking at the clock. It was just about midnight, which meant that he had around three hours to practice before he had to be home. So without wasting any more time he got into position, pointed his toes, pushed play, and began his practice of the first dance of the Nutcracker Ballet.
He listened to the hushed conversations around him, trying to focus on that for a moment, but that didn't help. For the very first thing he heard was one of the female dancers saying to another, “I overheard him saying yesterday that he was going home to tell his family about the show, he was worried it wouldn’t go over well. I hope everything’s okay.”
Gabriel just shook his head, knowing there was no arguing or stopping him, then turned his attention back to Castiel, “So, how was your day, little brother?”
He spent a little bit extra time eating the sandwich, savouring it as much as he could, before he was finally finished and now found himself with nothing to do. He tossed his wrapper in the garbage, stood there for a minute, then sighed and slowly wandered through the bunker.
Dean just smiled adoringly at Castiel still stuck half inside the crate. "Didn't it say in those books you were reading that the baby's usually sleep up against their mom's?"
"This is exactly why I didn't say anything," Dean just shook his head and wiped away more stray tears, "Dad would have killed me if he ever found out that I loved ballet, let alone taught myself the skill. He wanted me to be the manly man that everyone knows and thinks I am, not some pansy dancing around the stage in tights."
"When the hell did that happen?!"
He walked over and sat down on one of the stools at the island, watching Sam as he ate, "Where's Mom?"
Dean laughed, "Alright, just daddy then. Daddy Cas."
"No one is blaming you for anything. It's an easy fix, just one step forward."
“I came here to tell you, both of you, that I'm done.” Dean turned his head to look over at Jack, both confused, then back to Chuck.
“Oh, this is the most fun I've had in a long time,” she moved closer to Chuck and leaned in to ask, “if I give you my number can you text me the address of the next convention-”
“How’s Jack? Is he alright?”
At the sound of the strangers voice, Dean looked up and was met with a handsome man. Dark ruffled hair, sharp features, blue eyes. And before Dean could even so much as stop himself, his mouth spoke before his brain could interject.
"I love you too, Dean,“ Cas spoke into Dean’s neck, drawing mindless circles over Dean’s heart.
~~~~~~~~~~~
"Perhaps you are right," Cas frowned then settled further into the crate, "maybe I will have to sleep here forever."
“Seriously,” she looked up in awe, “people write about Sam and Dean?”
“I know.”
Mary just calmly reached out and took Dean by the shoulders, gently guiding him to the kitchen and sitting him at the table. She sat across from him, staring helplessly at him as he just placed his head on his hands, fingers wringing tightly in his hair, knuckles white.
The sun was beginning to rise over the fields of Nazareth. The sky painted orange and pink over the sea, casting deep shadows over their boats that were docked there, making them look like haunted silhouettes in the early dawn light. Sam lifted his head to peer out over the sea, then turned to gaze upon their fields. He sighed and leaned on his shovel as he was faced with mostly emptiness.
"It is of no use, Brother," Sam shifted off his hoe and stepped beside Dean with a frown, "the fields are dead, and those fields we have left that are hanging on still, are not far behind. The soil just cannot produce for us any longer."
“He was fine, brother,” Gadreel answered, “when I got home he was still napping, and when he woke up he did ask where you were, but he settled with watching TV until bedtime. He's sleeping now.”
Sera could only shake her head as she stepped slowly through the bunker. Her eyes were all over. The library, the kitchen, all these amazing resources that had been hidden away for so long and now Sam and Dean called this home. It belonged to them.
“I’m sure you’ll bump into each other again, buddy, just give it time.”
Dean turned his hand over and squeezed Castiel's fingers as hard as he could through the pain, “It's alright, Cas, it's not your fault.”
“And you've all lived here your entire lives?”
“Gabriel,” Castiel raised a hand to stop him, “I appreciate that but I won't put that on you and Balthazar.”
“It's not you,” Cas gurnted, still trying to move, “he's just… this is my fault. I coddled him too much and now he won’t even so much as look at anyone who isn't me, my father, or my brothers.”
He nodded, “Hopefully everything goes as I plan, but that’s all up in the air. It could go completely sideways.”
But enjoy this chapter, and in the next one we finally get to meet Cas!! XD
“Please do.”
Dean nodded and tapped his head once more against Sams, “Gods be with you, Sammy.”
“You stopped time?!”
The girl playing Clara stumbled halfway through the dance and nearly fell flat on her ass center stage. Cas tried to reach out and steady her but she just angrily pushed him away and shouted to stop the music.
“And you were right, Castiel,” Chuck nudged Metatron beside him, and the two of them smirked as they looked up at the two dancers wrapped in each other on stage, “the chemistry between the two of you is perfect!”
"Disappointed about what, Dean?!" Sam moved to get into Dean's eye line but he quickly darted his eyes away. "You're a great person, why would anyone be disappointed in you? What could you have done that's so wrong?"
The two of them lay quietly for a moment, eyes closed as the rise and fall of Gunner's chest evened out and they were certain he was finally asleep. Though the peace was broken when Cas started chuckling to himself.
He just nodded, thankful but not really knowing exactly how to put in words just how much that all meant to him.
“So what do you say, Cas? Will you give me the chance to show you that we belong together? Will you go out with me?”
The end.
He woke up to the sun blasting through a crack in his curtains, hitting him perfectly across the eyes. He rubbed his face as he slowly sat up in bed, feeling a bit better then he had when he first came home, and wondered how long he had slept. Looking at the clock and seeing it was now after nine, and he had managed to get a decent few hours sleep, he decided to head down to the kitchen and see who was up. Sam was usually an early bird and most times already had breakfast ready by the time Dean decided to roll down stairs.
“I'll go check on him and then I am going to head to bed myself,” Cas quickly hung his coat then began up the stairs, “and thank you all for watching him tonight.”
“Surfing cheap crappy motels?” She finished for him, “Yeah, still doing that. The hunter life.”
“I did, and,” Cas sighed, turning to look at the door then back to Dean, “as much as I love Jack, it was nice to have a night out, and maybe spending some time without me will be good for him.”
“Dean, calm down,” he ran his hands down Dean's arms and it seemed to help a bit, “I know you have never told anyone about your passion for dancing before, but perhaps this is a sign. Maybe now is the time to just finally be you, to do what you love, to dance freely. At least give it a try, come on stage and dance with me and I promise you will love it.”
Dean mulled it over and gave a shrug of his lips, “Not bad, Cas.”
“At least I hope,” he said, laying his hand over Cas’s where it still rested over his heart.
He lifted Chuck first, holding his seat over the front of the stroller, testing and turning it a few times before he asked, "How…?"
He straightened his jacket and rang the bell, and Cas answered the door, though he was looking a little… distraught, and looking down Dean could see why. Behind Castiel's legs, with his arms wrapped tightly around them so Cas couldn't move, was Jack.
"We’ll find a way," the shorter director said, trying to calm the other, "we have to. Tickets are going on sale very soon and we are already expected to sell out. We can't cancel now, Chuck."
"Yes, there are far too many questions left unanswered to wait any longer," Dean patted his cheek and touched their foreheads together, "I will have your answer before we dine tomorrow, then I shall tell everyone what decision has been made."
It was currently saturday, and Dean had promised Jack they could go to dinner and a movie that night, so he was at home getting ready when the doorbell rang not once, not twice, but three times in a row, followed by a persistent knocking. “What the hell,” he muttered to himself as the knocking continued.
Cas turned wild eyes on Dean, “Why didn't you wake me last night?!”
“What about Cas?” He narrowed his eyes at her, clutching to the pile of books stacked in his arms.
“Brother, I was surprised to find out from Gabriel and Balthazar that you went on a date tonight. Who was it with?”
Natasha looked at the screen then back to Sera, “About six days ago.”
He could barely speak now, mostly just random noises escaped his mouth.
Sera ignored her and walked over to where Natasha was doing her math homework at the desk and placed the laptop beside her, “When did you write this part of the story?”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Awesome, right,” Dean smirked coming to stand beside her, “it's nice to finally have some place to call home.”
It only took them about ten minutes to walk to the park. When they got there, they went to the same building where Dean and Cas first met, and took Jack out of the stroller to go inside. They walked over to the ice cream counter and Dean decided to take a chance and push his luck a little, bending down slightly to ask Jack, “Do you want me to lift you up so you can see all the different ice creams?”
“Should we get going then?” Cas smirked at him, giving him the same wiggle of his eyebrows that Dean had given him before. Dean just laughed and opened the door for Cas to get in, then ran to the other side to hop in.
“So you mean to tell me that he has had no formal training?!”
“Jesus…” he pinched the bridge of his nose and she placed the book down.
The hall erupted into cheers and toasts of great journeys to come as Dean and Sam left to speak more privately in his chambers. Once inside, Dean crossed the room, tossing his cloak to the side, and pouring two hefty goblets of mead. He handed one to Sam and joined him where he sat at the small table to the side of the room.
Cas turned and nodded to him as he wiped a tear off his cheek, "Yeah, let's go."
“Sam…”
“No pie, Dean, really?” Sam said as he stood up and grabbed his coat from the side of the booth.
“Great, I’ll shoot you a text when we’ve got some time.”
Or on a saturday afternoon when they had a rare weekend off and Dean decided to grill up some burgers, Gunner would have them in stitches. All would be quiet. Sam at the table reading lore or researching a case, Dean at the grill and Cas right by his side, and suddenly Gunner would come full force banking around the corner. He would weave through the counters and skid his way past Sam at the table, then shuffle around the corner again to repeat his loop.
Dean was sitting in the parking lot of the theater, had been for the last fifteen minutes. He was excited to watch Cas dance with the ballet, but he was also super nervous to be there. What if someone saw him, told his mom or brother that he was hanging around the theater. But after a few more minutes of deep breathing, he finally gathered up enough courage to practically run across the parking lot, praying that he wouldn't be caught. But his urge to see Cas seemed to be out weighing that little bit of fear, that and the thought of seeing Cas on stage.
She mirrored him, “You can't promise me that, and I don't know if I could ever trust you again. Either of you.”
He walked away and left them standing speechless in the hallway again.
“We already spoke to your front desk worker about what happened here,” Sam answered, “but maybe you can tell us a bit more about Mr. Melden. Did you know him well?”
Cas tucked that note into his pocket with the others and grabbed one of the wrapped up sandwiches from the fridge then sat down. With the first bite he moaned, he loved PB&J sandwiches so much, and he was so glad that Dean had been so kind as to prepare him food for the day. He would not have been happy with any of the burnt food he would have ended up with had he cooked himself.
“Dean, please I…” The two stopped again as Dean inspected some ropes being brought to the boats, and Sam shifted from foot to foot. “I do not think he would fare well if we should get caught up in a fight.”
He was the opposite of his brother for his father had made sure of it. He spent all hours of the day grooming his son to be the hardened ruler he was, making sure that when he was gone his son would be the same man he was. Feared by the people rather than loved. And his son, his poor son who was none the wiser, became exactly that.
“I hope you're right,” he sighed, “but even though it may not really seem like it, you're doing really well. If anyone else would have asked him to go to the park, even with the promise of ice cream, he would have refused. There must be something special about you, Dean Winchester.”
They found themselves back in the church not too long after. They had gotten another small lead on their suspect from before, but they needed the Fathers help again, so here they were. Though this time the church was empty. The wedding party had long since filed out, surely to head to their reception, but Cas found himself being drawn to the altar at the front, standing at the bottom of the stairs just below it. He was only a few steps away from where the young couple had been standing not too long ago, professing their love for one another in the eyes of his father.
The episode he was watching was almost over, so he decided to wait for it to finish before he turned the tv off, but his newly human body had other plans. He felt himself slowly tipping to the side, falling, his eyes closing, and he ended up landing his head on the throw pillow. But a little crinkle on the side of his face woke him up enough to sit up and grab the sticky note that was now stuck to his face.
Sam watched on quietly from the side, not wanting to ruin the moment. He was just glad that the two of them had finally pushed past whatever walls they had built up for all those years and fallen into each other. Thanks to Gunner, they were finally where they belonged.
“Born and raised,” Dean smiled wide, “I can't imagine moving out of Lawrence. When did you guys move here? Before meeting you at the park that day, I had never seen you or your brothers around.”
“What are you talking about?” Sera walked in and joined them on the couches, sitting beside Dean and reading the article for herself. “Seriously? You think this is our kind of thing?”
“No way.”
Cas reached over and grabbed another cookie while Gabriel wasn’t looking and stood from his seat, “I have too much responsibility right now, and besides, once Dean found out the truth he wouldn’t want to date me anyways.”
“And you know I will,” she smirked as she walked back towards Dean, “always did when we were kids.”
"So were you," he nuzzled his nose against Cas's, leaning in a little closer for another kiss, "I wouldn't have been able to do all of this if it wasn't for you."
“I…” Dean shifted his eyes around nervously, did he really just go for it, just like that?! “I think I did, yes.”
“I know it's hard,” Sam nodded, thinking back, “god knows Dean and I have been through our fair share of crap with each other, but we always come back. And we’re still together today. I know trust is hard and we broke it, hands down, but Dean and I always manage to work things out and we will work it out with you too.”
“He is happy, Dean,” Jack said from his side as if reading his thoughts, “he misses you, but he knows you're safe and waiting for him.”
He dismounted Elskan and moved to run a hand down his nose. "You wait here for me, Elskan, I know not how long I will be so do not leave without me."
The beautiful man looked down at his son in his arms… at their son. Then he lifted his gaze to look at Dean with piercing blue eyes, as captivating as the seas that Dean knew so well, seas that called to him as much as those blue eyes were, and the man smiled with all the brightness of the sun as his eyes landed on him.
“I don't know, Sammy,” Dean grabbed Sam’s arm, hauling him to stand, “everything we've tried so far hasn't worked, I don't even know what it is.”
Chuck and Metatron both told Dean to take his time with the decision, but they both were praying that he would agree. Seeing the two of them dance together was an opportunity they really didn't want to have to pass up on. After which, Dean changed backstage, said his thanks to the directors, and then Cas walked him back out to his car.
Jack hesitated for a moment, looking between Cas and Dean, the entire family watching with bated breath and waiting for his answer. “Okay…” He nodded slowly to Dean, who smiled wide, “But you have to promise that I can call Daddy.”
“We aren't here for a convention,” Sera walked over and took her badge out, showing the man, “we’re investigating the death of Jerry Melden.”
Dean stepped closer to the man, his brain still not able to catch up and stop him, “The Roadhouse. It's an old bar that’s owned and run by a family friend of mine, and the owner makes the best damn burgers I've ever had. Don't get me wrong, food here’s good, but Ellen takes the cake for sure.”
“Agents?” The three turned around to see Vincent walking towards them, “Ah, I thought that was you. Fans are we?”
Dean was sure in the loyalty of not only his people, but his friends, his family. But still it brought a wide smile to his face to see it. “Friends!” He shouted, still beaming with the excitement of their new future so close before them. “Ready the long boats and make good this time with your wives, for we set sail for the new lands in two days' time! Our destinies await us!”
Cas still didn't turn to look at Dean, but let go a small smile himself, “I know my Father is not truly here, but wherever he is, he is always watching, listening. And our bond, Dean, is stronger than any bond ever formed or created in this universe. If any bond should be recognized by the eyes of God, it should be ours.”
As Castiel had said before, they did end up making a few alterations to the ballet, one of them being that they changed Dean's role from Clara to Charles, as well as a few alterations to the ending. But despite the last minute changes that were made after Ruby's abrupt exit, the entire cast was very excited to be finally sharing their hard work with many people all across the country.
“Yeah, she should be here in a minute. I met her this morning at the police station, she works reception there.”
“You…” Castiel didn't even know what to say.
Jody Mills tapped the wooden spoon in her hand on the side of the pot, splattering her famous spaghetti sauce all over the white of her stove top. The doorbell rang again, followed by a persistent knocking as she scowled into the pot of sauce, angrily dropping the spoon into the empty sauce can beside her. She swiped her half full wine glass off the counter as the knocking and ringing continued, and she stormed towards the door wondering who would have the gaul to be so arrogant on a Sunday afternoon.
