easy to read, so perfectly reactive to every little thing, “Let me cum all over your perfect ass? Let me mark you up good?”
honey, need-
god baby what a
At least he gets to see Tony tonight.
slide, dragging it out because he can
baby?" Steve can’t help teasing as he releases his cock to dig both thumbs into the bottom curve of Tony’s ass, pressing up hard into the muscle before spreading him wide and
Tony sobs out and when he shifts again one of his knees slips off the edge of the couch. He catches himself with his foot against the floor while Steve quickly grabs for his hips to steady him, but it still jostles Steve’s cock deep inside him and Tony clenches around it as he sobs out “oh,
“There, how’s that sweetheart?” Steve asks with a wide smile that feels almost
tight, Tony,” Steve groans as he presses his finger a little deeper, “feel so good like this, could spend the whole night just openin’ you up baby, gettin’ you nice and loose for me.”
Tony whines, bucking his hips to try and pull him in deeper, but Steve just tightens his grip and holds him firmly in place, doesn’t let him move too quickly. It’s one thing to know that Tony is going to
Tony’s words cut off when Steve slams into him again, pressing all the way in one smooth,
The moan that Tony lets out is high and keening,
to, falling apart to the beautiful sound of Tony sobbing his name. His orgasm almost
have any concept of patience but it’s one of the things Steve loves about him. He always wants
with sweat already, the deep flush spreading so far down the strong line of his back that it’s reached the bottom of his shoulder blades, peeking out under the edge of the hoodie shoved up his back. “C’mon,” Tony whines and when he turns his head a little more his blown out gaze meets Steve’s, his eyes bright and framed by wet lashes as he begs, “please honey I-
if you can take it, do you Tony?” Steve asks and he’s pretty sure his tone ends up less
him, “fuck you’re
for me, isn’t that right Tony?” Steve asks and when Tony nods with a throaty groan Steve plunges both of his fingers in a little deeper, stretching Tony a little wider,
how is Steve supposed to
Tony nods, and then shakes his head, his face flushed as he rocks it back and forth against the armrest. "Mmm, this is all you, what you do to me,
Steve assures him and he’s barely halfway in, but Tony is already making soft breathy sounds with every forward press of Steve’s hips, like it’s being punched out of him with every inch deeper that Steve presses inside him, splitting him open little by little. “Fuck sugar you feel like a
Tony,
golden skin on display, Steve’s vision is actually darkening a little around the edges as all his blood floods south, cock already half hard and trapped painfully in his jeans.
It’s not so much to ask, really, in the grand scheme of things.
he’s so gorgeous, Steve will
admiring the way Tony clenches tight as he withdraws, and Steve jerks his gaze up again when Tony’s next moan comes out wet and garbled.
"Still able to form words," Steve says thoughtfully, twisting his fingers as he presses in deeper just for the way it makes Tony
about being impatient.
you do,
and for a second all Steve can think is
fuck him, Steve can’t possibly
actually collapsing, but Steve still reaches out to put both hands on the back of Tony’s thighs in case he needs steadying. And then he can’t help sliding both his palms up over the curve of Tony’s ass, rubbing his cum into Tony’s skin before sliding one hand up the dip of Tony’s spine while Tony makes another soft, choked noise that
Steve is pretty sure he's never going to successfully capture how stunningly,
and I need you to
sweetheart, what a
so sweet, the way he opens so easily under Steve’s touch, reacts so beautifully to every little suggestions. “Fuck, fuck,” Tony whines, the thrust of his fingers finally losing their rhythm, “I- I need—“
a little disappointed, actually, he
them, withdrawing slowly to stretch himself out under Steve’s rapt stare. “C’mon baby,” Tony whines, arching his back harder as the tips of his fingers tug at the edge of his rim, “I’m-
Tony whines again and nods weakly, gasping out Steve’s name in time with the loud slap of skin against skin as Steve continues fucking into him, driving his cock into the slick, impossible heat of Tony’s hole harder,
because he wants to feel Tony come, wants to feel him writhing on Steve’s cock, wants to
it’s such a relief to continue sinking into the heat of Tony’s body, “’s not too much baby?”
At the start of the day Steve’s last client is scheduled for 5pm however a midday call asked to come in at 6:30pm.
He tends to block himself off from people and when he does break that habit the timing is shit.
Maybe maybe maybe…
Steve steps forward.
He also knows me well enough to know that isn’t going to happen.
Sam comes to a stop immediately at the top of the stairs and there’s silence.
But Tony’s trying to be a better person and he can see that he’s essentially stuck where Steve is concerned.
Just call it a gut feeling.”
Steve shrugs and leans back, his knees fall to the side and he rests his hands in his lap.
He’s still a criminal in the eyes of the government, his best friend is still frozen in Wakanda and his team is fractured.
I’m here to talk, maybe even get a massage.
“Tony.
I am or what I mean to
Steve huffs and runs a hand through his hair, feeling it fall against this head.
“Move your chair across from me over the table; I can help you with it.”
Don’t you just want a place to be yourself?
Repeat.
He texts Tony to let him know he won’t be available until 8pm.
Tony clenches his fingers; Steve brushes his cheek along Tony’s neck, he licks the red skin before biting and sucking it into his mouth.
The fire in his stomach lurches and he can feel his orgasm start and he tries to bury his face against Tony but Tony holds his head and won’t let him.
He wonders if he’s contacting Rhodey about that bet.
Steve watched as Sam thrived at the Center.
Steve takes off his hat and runs a hand through his hair in frustration.
Sam and I bought it, fixed it up and started to get the word out that it was under new management.
Then he interlaces his fingers with Tony and spreads his fingers to stretch things out, he pushes up against Tony’s wrist.
Tony mirthlessly chuckles.
Steve rakes his fingers down until they are pushing at the base of Tony’s back; Tony groans and Steve’s hand stutters to a stop before concentrating on that area.
No one expect him to make decisions.
As he walks back home he notices the stars and how loud the crickets are.
Sam’s vision is less clinical and more of a family/friends atmosphere and they furnished the rooms with mismatched chairs, couches, bean bags and tables.
He doesn’t need anyone.
It goes on like that for months.
I’m glad you came, that you got the phone.”
Bucky doesn’t care about Captain America.
There’s still Sam but that is Steve being selfish again.
I came because I … wanted to make things better.
Steve steps further into the room without taking his eyes off of Tony.
But Steve doesn’t want to disappoint Sam so they go to a nearby diner, just a few blocks walking distance.
I came here to build a bridge based on a letter.”
much different than…
So of course his 6:30 is dragging their feet leaving, making small talk.
“Friday
In those hours, he concentrates on doing good and giving back while counting down the minutes to when he can be alone again.
Meanwhile I feel like we’re doing something good here.”
“This time is… a change in that schedule.”
He loves Bucky and wouldn’t,
“And I fell for it.
“I just wish you’d talk to someone, I think it would help.
“So what do you suggest, Rhodey?
Of course Steve assumes that Tony doesn’t either and that’s part of the reason Steve is probably drawn to him.
He also swears he hears the armor’s thrusters although Tony doesn’t make an appearance and Steve wonders about the possibility that Tony waited for him.
“Yeah, your boy tried to get there.
Steve leans forward with his elbows on his knees and fingers softly interlaced.
“Sorry I’m late,” Steve gasps slightly out of breath.
It was a couple of months ago, when Sam stopped by unannounced but Steve could admit that he wasn’t actually surprised to see Sam at his door as he’d noticed Sam watching him more and more.
“Must be the beard,” Tony says and strokes his own goatee. “Or the hair…”
Tony nods, but stays uncharacteristically silent.
“How do you do it?” Steve asks.
So Steve leans forward and hugs Sam and he can feel the hesitation before Sam hugs him back.
Bucky is one of the few people to see him as a person and not an icon, or tool, which is what everyone else sees.
“Uh, that’s not necessary.
Steve left the final selection of contractors to Sam seeing that he had more experience; Steve took control of the colors.
Tony nods.
Do you even have hair?
Tony makes an affirmative sound and Steve pumps oil into his palm and rubs his hands together before reaching out and placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
“Yeah, of course,”
Before Steve can lose his nerve he asks, “Did you want a massage tonight?”
But I appreciated the effort.”
Rolling his eyes, Tony stands and walks around the desk to face Rhodey.
Steve shit all over their friendship but Tony’s the one that pushed them forward; the phone calls were cowardice because if Steve truly wanted to reconcile he could have gone to Tony.
It doesn’t mean I care about you less, he just …”
You’re hyper focusing and it’s not good,”
He was tired of staring at the phone and fighting the need to call.
Once there he shuts and locks the door before toeing off his shoes.
That’s what you do now, isn’t it?”
He drags the tip of his thumb across Tony’s palm so slowly.
Tony nods slightly.
“You obviously know the answer. Rhodey?”
“No.”
Steve still finds the whole song and dance exhausting though, but lately it’s been easier to keep it up.
He does everything slowly making sure not to press too hard.
He takes a breath and wipes his hand down his face.
Tony glances at the table and sits up straight as he rolls his shoulders back.
And that the argument would drag on and things would be said that would be hard to forget.
Captain America makes it sound dirty… in a bad way.”
I’m not gonna be your Rachel McAdams.”
Rhodey shrugs as though it’s no big thing to be communicating with one third of the happy trio.
“I don’t understand how you can let him waltz in here and confide in him.”
“Yep!”
Whatever the crisis, it was more important than exploring the possibility of a deeper connection with someone.
He hid behind the need to study or practice, but once he was certified and taking appointments, he ran out of excuses and Sam pounced.
Tony’s head whips toward him but the rest of his body is still.
And Tony would have enjoyed the hell out of the benefits, if there had been any.
“Is there something wrong with your hands?”
“Yes Sam.
Sam huffs and puts his hands on his hips.
He wanted to redeem himself but Steve also wanted to be alone.
Steve raises a questioning eyebrow which Tony answers with huff and eye roll before nodding.
Steve grins but before he can relish the reaction he caused, Tony rubs his hand across his dick and Steve moans and buries his face in Tony’s neck.
This is the reason he tries to avoid Sam, the awkward silences are painful because it wasn’t like this before.
And he goes on with his life.
A shiver runs down his spine into the pit of his stomach.
However, Tony finally responded by seeking him out and Steve thinks that should count for something.
I have a late appointment.”
He rolls his eyes before walking our into the front room.
too excited over a donut.
And I think you need to just accept that you like Steve and you want to reconcile but you’re afraid it will make you weak.”
Tony actually blushes and then turns away and says, “Pizza’s fine” as he looks around the room.
I think it’s just that I thought he could be the next … you.”
That seems extreme, so he lets himself be restrained.
Steve is hypnotized as Tony’s fingers glide over his own, how Tony’s skin tone is slightly darker than his own.
“Why are you so shocked?
The hostess smiles as they walk through the door.
He sees Tony’s hand twitch.
He takes a breath.
One that makes mistakes and I made a huge one!
bones.”
Stubborn as hell though.”
Steve gasps, his heart in his throat, and quickly withdraws his hands.
Steve laughs loudly.
Steve runs a self conscious hand through his hair and realizes he isn't wearing a baseball cap.
The silence hangs awkwardly and Steve realizes he never responded but Tony offers, “It wasn’t hard for me to find you.”
His pace is slow as he takes in his neighborhood, which has a few rough patches, but the town has been updating and building itself up.
him in equal measure as he sighs “slow down, sweetheart, let me see you,
working himself open enough to take Steve’s breath away. He can
The slide is easier this time, but only
with the effort of moving
“Easy Tony, easy,” Steve says, dragging both of his palms up the back of Tony’s thighs and over the curve of his ass, steadying him and just
Steve hopes they’ll have time for all the things he wants, but he knows he has to wait. He maybe has a habit of just
and more
“You need
Tony’s response is too garbled to really make out, his voice cracking and breaking halfway through what was probably intended as Steve’s name, but he nods into the armrest and rocks himself back into the steady thrust of Steve’s hips, moaning and shaking and
But then in the next second he’s rocking himself back against Steve and groaning “yes,
baby? Need something more to really stretch you out an’ fill you up? Make you
it’s the most gorgeous thing Steve has ever heard, the sight of Tony almost
on your cock.”
all the better to watch his fingers plunge into Tony’s slick hole, and he lets out a hard breath as Tony hiccups out another broken moan of his name. “Never get enough of your voice,” Steve admits softly, words spilling out of him without thought, without any consultation from his brain but Steve can’t bring himself to care because it’s all
you, feel like I’m going
starts to sink into Tony again, “getting
my name, no one makes it sound as pretty as you do, sweetheart.”
so responsive to every shift of Steve’s cock inside him, every tiny change in angle and every drag of Steve’s fingers over his sweat-slicked skin.
Tony sobs out, drooling around his fingers, his face red and his eyes glazed, “please, honey, ple-
buy a new couch every goddamn week if this is what he gets in exchange, and Steve slides another of his own fingers into Tony's slick hole now that he has the space, pressing his fingertips down against Tony's prostate and listening to the way Tony
grabbed the hoodie on his way out it would no doubt smell more like smoke and sweat than anything else by now. And that would pretty much defeat the purpose of stealing it.
thing he wants to do.
Tony,
when Steve snaps his hips forward
“In a minute baby,” Steve promises and he doesn’t withdraw his fingers but he does slow the relentless thrust at least, giving Tony a couple seconds to catch his breath, for the near-constant shivers running through Tony to at least slow a little. “Just wanna watch you for minute, can I sweetheart?” Steve asks softly and he feels just as breathless as Tony, just as worked up but he can’t stand the thought of looking
understand it.
you feel-
the low growl that creeps in as he breathes out “You just
done, that were
“Nah baby, you’re just so damn
“So good, Steve-“ Tony chokes out, the words wet and almost indistinguishable around Steve’s finger still pressed shallowly between his lips, his entire body
The biggest tragedy of all though is honestly all the sketches of Tony that he lost, Steve hadn’t even been joking about that. There was one where he had gotten
“Fuck,
please, more—“ Tony chokes out with every slam of Steve’s hips against his ass, like the words are being knocked out of him with every hard thrust, “feel so
little whines every time Steve withdraws, arching back against him and then grunting softly when Steve slams back into him, eyes squeezed shut and face twisted like he can’t
the way Tony’s arms shake under the strain but he doesn’t collapse. Steve has mostly accepted that he never did fill out the way he’d hoped, as a kid, but times like this he’s actually
He wants to shower and actually eat something and he wants to see
as he spasms in place.
I’m so close,
deeper, and Tony really
Tony groans, pressing his flushed face harder into the arm of the couch, apparently not concerned at all about the drool that’s soaking into the fabric.
press snug against the swell of Tony’s ass and Steve allows himself a single roll of his hips, grinding in
“I don’t know baby, still feel pretty tight to me,” Steve says roughly, pressing his finger in a little deeper. He tugs down on Tony’s rim in counterpoint to Tony’s fingers still working weakly within himself, feeling the way Tony clenches up tighter for a moment before rocking back with another broken sound. “Fuck,
as he instantly moans and drools around the tips of Steve’s fingers.
Steve allows himself a couple minutes to stay pressed in close, feeling the jump and twitch of Tony’s muscles beneath his palms while they both struggle to catch their breath, and he’s trying
bent over with one elbow braced against the armrest and the other twisted around behind himself to bury three fingers in his ass. The fabric of the hoodie is sliding up the sharp arch of his back and there’s
barely rocking himself into that tight clench until he can press a little closer, and a little
“What is it, sweetheart?” Steve asks sweetly, like he can’t see the way Tony is shaking with desperation, can’t see shivers racing along Tony’s spine. “Talk to me, baby,” he encourages even though his own cock is
“Damn you're so gorgeous,” Steve breathes out, his gaze moving restlessly over every inch of Tony because he can’t decide where to focus,
most of the day, but first Steve knows he has to figure out what all is actually lost. He ends up with a whole list of sketches for actual paintings that he'll have to redo, and he also discovers that most of the canvases he stores in the same corner have smoke damage.
to know how thoroughly he takes Steve’s breath away, so Steve doesn’t even
not to move too fast and scare him off.
Tony makes some more desperate, near incoherent sounds, shifting in place and clenching around Steve’s cock and Steve can’t resist that, can’t possibly deny him anymore. He gives Tony exactly what he wants in the form of short thrusts, quick and
order and combination.
with need as he gasps out “Anything you want, just
Tony chokes out and for a second he sounds
Steve may have watched the video Tony let him record on his tiny old camera a couple more times than he’ll ever admit to, but it’s nothing compared to the in-person sight of his cock sliding past Tony’s slick rim, the way Tony gasps and moans and
Tony still so tight around him despite the way he’s trying desperately to shove himself back into the steady press of Steve’s cock. There’s a split second where Steve has the insane thought that this isn’t going to
He makes it around the corner on wobbling legs and freezes all over again at the sight that greets him, knees threatening to collapse out from under him as his cock gives another throb.
he wishes they could do this more. He wishes he could come home to Tony every day, and then they can spend every night having dinner and sex and hanging out on his couch, in
now not to give into temptation and just slam in, to force himself to go
that sound, wet and muffled and
the fact that Steve can literally watch the deep flush as it works its way across Tony’s entire body.
not to let himself think that
“Always so impatient,” Steve says fondly, snapping his hips forward to press just a
The arch of Tony’s back is
made it to the couch at least," Tony says around another moan, withdrawing his fingers
He cuts off with a ragged moan as he presses his fingers deep again and then
gorgeous Tony is, he's never going to be able to do it justice.
times on the mad dash to his studio he has to remind himself that there's no use freaking out about it until he actually sees how bad the damage actually is.
“Gonna give you what you need, don’t you worry Tony,” Steve promises and shoves his fingers deep into Tony’s mouth again, pressing down against the slick heat of his tongue as his other hand tightens around Tony’s cock, stroking him almost
“When you’re teasin’ me, when you first wake up, tryin’ to get my attention when you think I haven’t been payin’ you enough. When you’re
Steve demands with a shaking laugh, a shudder rolling down his own spine as Tony’s rim catches at the head of his cock again. He stays there, barely rocking his hips and watching the way Tony
It takes Tony several tries before he can actually form words, every attempt coming out as broken, gasping moans until he finally manages to brokenly pant out “So- so much, it’s- I- god ‘m so
around him, but oh it’s
honey.”
tight around Steve’s cock as he spills thick and warm over Steve’s fingers with a keening moan that’s practically a
trying to get
but that’s fine too. Tony
further apart.
Tony chokes out another broken sound that he probably intended to be words and
thing this day needs.
Tony nearly
to be buried inside him, feel Tony clenching around his cock and rocking back against him.
and Steve doesn’t even try to fight the low growl of
as his cock
give Tony anything he wants when he begs
making these little hurt,
soaking in the sound of Tony’s high, shaking moan. “Been thinking about you all day,” Steve confesses, barely even aware of the words spilling past his own lips, completely lost in the feeling of Tony’s hands beneath his skin, in the
Tony. “Would you-“ Tony chokes out when it becomes obvious that Steve is determined to take his sweet time, “please- stop
Tony lets out another breathy moan and it snaps Steve from his thoughts, pulls him back to the here and now where he has Tony shaking and
The alpha helped the omega up and lead him to the bathroom. Tony just shook his head, but he knew that Steve was just being overprotective, making sure that Tony wouldn’t get taken again. His alpha lost his omega, its only natural that he’d be a bit paranoid.
“You can have my brownies, Clint.” Tony smiled down at the archer.
“Around the same as usual.” Tony shrugged, nodding his head inwards, indicating that Bruce could come in. “Never been a big sleeper and I’m not a morning person. I’d rather stay up all night, that’s when my most genius ideas happen.”
“No, Steve. You need to assert authority over them.” Brock sounded pissed. “I said, get me another water.”
Loki never really watched the movies, but still sat with the pack. Like Thor, he was a feline shifter, but he wasn’t a lion, he was a snow leopard. Snow leopards were known for being solitary while the rest of the pack were shifters who were naturally sociable. Loki often did things alone, but still occasionally hung around the pack when it mattered, which the whole pack was grateful for.
“I can hear you, you know!”
“Steve will be out in a minute. He said to get ready.” Tony told the rest of them, everyone nodding in response, going over to the chest that their clothes were kept in whilst they were out.
Natasha, Bruce and Clint all made a noise as if to disagree with Tony, to which he sent a glare to each one of them. Nothing else was said about Tony’s work ‘techniques’ after that.
“Oh, I didn’t realise you were in here.” The blonde said, looking back at Tony.
“I’ll teach you to ballroom dance another time.”
The room he was in was simple and lit up by overhead lights. They had been given bunk beds to sleep on as if they were kids. There was a small desk with two chairs too. A camera was screwed into the ceiling in the corner of the room near a large metal door which had a window next to it. The brick walls had scratch marks, one of which an animal might make if they were trying to escape. Or a shifter in their shifted form. Tony turned, eyes widening, shocked that it wasn’t the first thing he noticed. A large glass panel took up the space of one wall, overlooking into the hallway.
“You can’t go, I’m pregnant.” Tony huffed, grabbing his jacket. “I’m coming.”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re both disasters.”
“Just a little.” Tony held up his hand, index finger and thumb close together in the universal sign for small.
//Natasha shook her head no. Clint looked hesitant before also declining. Bucky was also a social smoker and had offered before, he had always declined. But the delta had always been curious. The omega shrugged, taking another drag before glancing over at the pack where he had gotten the cigarette from. They were talking and giving the occasional glance over to the omega, making him nervous. Subconsciously, Tony shuffled towards Natasha and Clint, for safety.
“I don’t think adding me to the mix is going to help that.”
“Hello!” The feline greeted, smiling wide before jumping down from the top bunk. “I’m Fire.”
They had finally found time for Tony to come over and have dinner. Either Tony was too busy with a project or the pack had a mission, but they managed to get a free evening, on Steve’s night to cook too, so at least he was in control there. The alpha was just hoping they wouldn’t have to be sent on an emergency mission.
“Why aren’t you dressed yet? I kicked you out of your workshop at half-past ten! It’s almost half six now.”
“I am full of surprising talents, honey-bunch.” Tony went to hand over his card to the waitress.
“I’m glad Tony hasn’t lost his quirkiness.”
Reasoning: Who doesn’t like alpha/protective Steve? He had to be the alpha leader of the pack. Steve isn’t as crazy as other alphas, he is very protective over his pack, but isn’t as uncontrollable as a lot of alphas are. I also liked the idea of being a smaller wolf and changing late, making people think he should have been an omega like it was a mistake until he hit maturity and he buffed out. I also wanted him to be golden because it’s the colour of his hair and he’s a precious angel.
“What have you got in mind?”
“Who are they? What do you mean?” Tony asked, head tilting slightly.
“After cuddles.” Tony pouted, shuffling up onto the bed now that his shoes had been removed.
“Don’t worry, you’ll soon get used to Tony’s embarrassment.” Pepper looked over at Steve apologetically. “Once you’ve put up with him for as long as we have, you don’t even notice it.”
“He’s invited you to his house and you’re not even courting yet?” Brooke looked surprised.
“Hey, how're things going with…” Tony paused, thinking. “Christine?”
“Who’s saving who now?” Tony smirked, walking over.
“This place fucking stinks.” Clint groaned. The archer wasn’t wrong. “Like a shit, piss and vomit cocktail.”
“Oii! Love birds, let's get moving!” Clint shouted at the two, which caused them both to look away from one another, the redness of their cheeks only worsening.
Two of them were unquestionably Clint and Natasha but Steve couldn’t make out the other one. That was until they came closer and the alpha’s eyes nearly bulged out of his head. It was the omega, again.
A loud bang went off from the other side of the building, the warning alarm blaring from outside the room. Wanda had set off the bomb as a distraction successfully, it was their turn now.
“Empty offices up here Steve. We’ll let you know when we reach trouble.” Sam responded.
It would be highly unlikely that Tony would survive the rest of the night, especially with the little scraps of food he had been running on for the past few days. He definitely wouldn’t survive the week on his own. Wolves were pack animals, few went off on their own, especially omegas, as they wouldn’t be able to survive an attack from a territorial shifter pack.
Bruce was cut off by the eagerness of Tony “Yes! I’m in. I’ll drink you under the table, Barton.”
“But I’ve got you back now.”
“You’re probably right.” Steve sighed, looking over the omega. “But I can’t leave him here.”
Tammi had her eyes covered, unable to watch the scene. Tony and Tyler both burst out laughing when the guy hiding in the toilet got eaten. The omega had always laughed at that scene and was happy to find someone else found it just as funny.
“I’m back. Tony and his friends are going to join us.” Steve smiled, sliding into the booth before patting the space next to him for Tony to sit, in which he did.
A few minutes passed before the small flap on the door opened, Tony looking out into the hallway at the Baron and a male human scientist standing beside him.
“Did you want dinner first?” Steve asked everyone.
“Can you move over a bit?” Bucky asked, turning to face Sam.
“Alright, you don’t need to shout.” The redhead tried to calm the brunette down.
“You are pretty dumb at times, Tony.” Pepper shrugged.
“What does he mean blow yourself up a lot? Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve started to stress, pout forming.
“My previous pack was horrible, they had many omegas there and would abuse them constantly. My alpha mistreated me and mated with me without my consent… I was attacked daily by my alpha who was supposed to be my mate.” Tammi continued, lifting her shirt a little to show the scars across her stomach, similar to the male’s own. “Another pack raided our house one time, they rescued all of the omegas that were still alive, including me. They took us to SHIELD, where you are too, right?”
Fur colour: Dark grey and white.
Everyone ate whilst watching the movie, Steve and Thor took everyone’s trays into the kitchen while the movie continued to play. Thor also ended up on the sofa, Tony lying across him, Clint and Bruce. His head was in Clint’s lap, his middle on Thor and legs and feet curled up on Bruce. He had no idea how it happened, but it did, and he didn’t mind it at all. It was weird for the omega to feel this way, but he was happy and content which worried him deep down, but Tony made a mental note to talk about it to his therapist in their next appointment. Tony didn’t know how Steve was holding up, and he was waiting for the blonde to say anything, but he never did. Tony bit his lip to hold back his smile, looking around the room at everyone who had their eyes glued to the screen where Frodo had wandered into the woods and came across Boromir. The omega let out a yawn, eyes closing with a soft smile.
“It’s okay, Rhodey and I have got it covered.” The redhead smiled, standing from the table.
All of the bots made light beeping noises, which sounded like they were happy with their names. Tony grinned, petting Steve Jr before letting the bot fly away to be with its siblings. “Your Uncle Rhodey will be here soon to pick us up and take us home.” The response was more happy-sounding beeps, the bots gathered together now.
“What? Why? SHIELD is almost here Steve!”
“You’re not allergic to anything are you?”
“You can’t wander off in the early hours in the morning and not tell us! We wake up and can’t find it contact you and then we panic.” Bruce continued.
Natasha and Tony laughed at the archer as they danced to the beat of the song playing. The place had a mixture of new and old songs, which Tony was grateful for because at least he knew some songs. Although most newer songs didn’t have much lyrics or were too hard to decipher in his drunken state. The trio danced to a couple more songs before it changed to something the omega didn’t like. Scrunching up his nose he grabbed Natasha’s and Clint’s hands, both looking confused as he dragged them off the other end of the dance floor and out of the back door to the smoking area outside.
“Steve.” Tony glared at the alpha. “Don’t be ridiculous.”
Steve had sent Clint and Natasha to collect the omega wolf that night. They had been working for SHIELD before joining the alpha and a few others to make a pack. They, along with the rest of the pack who agreed on the name Avengers, Steve was still unsure why that name was chosen, continued to work closely with SHIELD. So, when a stranded omega was found not too far out from their territory, SHIELD had asked the Avengers Pack to respond and both wolves were sent on the mission.
Oh and to QueenE who wants shifted Steve and Tony, not this chapter but it's coming soon, maybe along with the rest of the pack.
“Half an hour or so?” Bucky offered.
Thor stripped down until he was nude in front of everyone, causing Tony to tear his eyes away from the feline alpha. Thor was hot, no doubt about it. Strong muscles, chiselled abs that could have been carved by gods. It wasn’t just the blonde’s looks, Thor has an amazing personality too; funny, caring and very sweet.
“Please stay,” Tony whispered, his eyes closing.
“I mean, you can probably smell them. It’s hard to know what you’re smelling. Your nose is probably picking up all sorts while it gets used to this change.”
“Mr Stark come on in.” The man stepped aside, letting the wolf enter the office room.
“Do you know what you’re going to say?”
“Barton was testing his skills against Lady Widow. It hasn’t gone in his favour.” Thor replied.
“I’m more concerned with how much champagne you just downed in one go.”
“We’d probably knock over the glasses anyway.”
“I prefer this one.” Tony looked up at the alpha.
“I guess so.” Steve bit his lip, stopping in front of the omega. “Thank you for coming tonight, Tony. Even though it hasn’t gone exactly as I planned, I still enjoyed spending time with you.”
“Hi.”
“I’ll make sure the debrief is handled.” Agent Coulson said. “I take it you’ll be heading home?”
Brooke smiled sadly. “I’m just going toilet and then we can talk, yeah?” She kissed Tammi’s cheek before leaving the two omegas alone.
The two wolves walked into the dining room, Tony just behind Steve. Natasha had meant what she said, the table was set, drinks and all. They had a cabinet of spare cutlery and crockery in the room which saved anyone coming back into the kitchen and disturbing the two, which was pointless anyway. Well, maybe not entirely.
The alpha he was embarrassingly gushing about to Bruce, Clint and Natasha last night was
A few weeks passed and Tony and Fire were taken to a lab nearly every day. DNA samples were taken, and, to Tony’s surprise, they did do an ultrasound scan, although a short one. Everything was fine, nothing unusual about his pregnancy. Stane hadn’t returned either. But the brunette wasn’t sure that it would last so long.
Steve barely managed to take in the delta’s rushed words. “Calm down Bruce. It’s okay, Clint’s called me. He wants me to get them.” Steve sighed. “You get back home and sleep. You need it after putting up with the drunk murder twins alone.”
It had been three months since Tony went missing. It was coming up to the end of October now and the pack weren’t stopping, and they were all becoming worried about Steve who looked on the verge of breaking.
"It's fine," Tony replied as he looked around the room.
“I’ve been the same with my sister, but she can handle herself,” Tyler replied as the two alphas shook hands. “Can I get you a drink?”
Tammi paused, playing with her bracelets and taking a deep breath before continuing.
“And you didn’t like it?”
Tony opened his eyes again, blinking as they focused on the bed that was above him. The packhouse didn’t have bunk beds. Tony sat up slowly, his back aching from the bed that was hard as bricks.
“Trouble is putting it lightly. The shit he’d put us in I’m surprised we weren’t expelled.” Rhodey leant over, ruffing Tony’s hair.
“Nothing. Just allergies.” Tony shrugged a little. “I have to get back to work, but you two have a nice lunch… I’ll give you my number so we could meet up another time?”
“Is your ass jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?” Steve made a very poor attempt in trying to hide his laughter, Brock’s jaw-dropping slightly. He had clearly never been stood up to before, at least not by an omega. “How dare you come in here and demand me to do things. How dare you speak down to me like scum. You didn’t ask nicely. You didn’t even address me by my name. Maybe if you weren’t such a dick, I would have been happy to comply. Now, get out.”
“Tony, you’re not old. I understand that this can be confusing to you. Steve isn’t a bad alpha, he is sweet and kind, and this is something new, something you’re not used to for an alpha. You’re an omega, it’s natural for you to try and submit to him, while before it wouldn’t. You’ve been swept away by the feelings, lovesick. A honeymoon phase if you will.”
The smaller wolf leapt to the side before running off towards the River, Steve chasing after him. The alpha could have easily caught up to the omega, but he was happy to just chase and play with him for now. The two continued to play, much like pups would, chasing, tagging and playfighting. Steve looked away from the omega for only a few seconds to lose sight of Tony completely.
“Loki, you said trading was against the rules!” Thor turned to face his brother.
“Sorry,” Steve whispered, nuzzling into Tony’s neck. “I missed you.”
Using his shield, the alpha broke off the door handle and pushed open the door hesitantly.
“Alpha-omegas?” The wolf shifter furrowed his eyebrows.
Tony woke up in another room, blinking slowly before sitting up. He rubbed his eyes, looking around the room. His eyes landed on the male and female who were cowering together in a corner.
Tony stood outside of room 4.12, Pepper had only just left his side to continue with whatever business she was going to do before Tony. Glancing down at his watch which read 10:37 am. Of course, he was late, but it was under the ten-minute mark for once. The omega pair had chatted a lot after getting out of the elevator before he decided he should get to this meeting. Knocking on the door, Tony took in the symbol, most likely the logo for SHIELD, which was an eagle that had been sandblasted on the glass window. A brunette male dressed in a black suit answered and Tony caught his scent; human.
“Steve? He’s so overprotective. Stubborn too. Never backs down from a fight, well except with me. We’re both very stubborn and eventually one of us has to buckle. Normally I pull the omega eyes and he caves, but he’s getting there with his own, the sneaky bastard.” Tony shook his head, a fond smile on his face. “He can be cheeky at times. He’s creative, artistic, romantic. Kind, caring, loving. He’d do anything, and I really mean anything, for those he cares about. He puts up with so much, with me especially. I don’t know what to do without him… Do you have anyone?”
Apparently Tony is already here, and he was
not to beg.
every time Steve presses just a little deeper before withdrawing again. “I’m the one who came home to find you bent over the couch,” Steve points out as he
The way Tony’s lips look wrapped around two of his own fingers, red and slick as he drools sloppily and moans around them. The way Tony’s hips jerk in place as he continues fucking his fingers into himself with frantic, uncoordinated thrusts. His face is already flushed crimson, highlighting the shine of his dark eyes, and if it weren't for the teasing glint in them and the slightest curve of his lips Steve would think Tony doesn't even know he's here.
Tony begs instantly and shoves himself back against Steve again, forcing Steve’s cock that little bit
His voice cuts off in a load shaking moan as Tony starts trusting his fingers into himself in earnest again, visibly
“Almost there sweetheart,” Steve promises and it’s
him in, to slam into Tony as deeply as he can possibly get,
“Yay, good game,” Tony slurs out and it startles a laugh out of Steve’s chest, loud and a little goofy the way only Tony can seem to get out of him. Tony laughs as well, soft breathy huffs of laughter that turn into a weak groan when a thin trail of Steve’s cum starts to leak out of him, and Steve watches, completely transfixed, as it makes a
Steve lets out a shaking groan of his own as his hips
He barely even takes the time to shove his feet into his shoes before running out of the apartment, still half asleep and most of the way into a panic himself.
with it, his hips jerking in place as he apparently gives up on enticing Steve and roughly thrusts his fingers in deep again.
The warm brown of his eyes is almost swallowed up by the black of his pupils, looking dazed and overwhelmed already and Steve groans raggedly as his cock throb against the squeeze of Tony’s muscles and it has Tony letting out a ragged moan of his own, shifting impatiently. Steve can feel Tony’s inner muscles fluttering around his cock,
genius billionaire inventor who must meet cheesy artists by the handful if that’s what he’s into, and who could find dozens of other eager partners if he decides he’s
of them now.
and it’s all I can think about- wanna fuckin’-
“Yes, god,
Plus the fact that there’s so much blood pooled in Steve’s cock at this point it
Tony makes, a soft, shivering whine escaping him as Steve starts to spill inside him. Steve allows himself a couple rolls of his hips, grinding into Tony and trying to get impossibly
making him
there, rolling his hips and tryin to get impossibly
Steve fucks into him harder, chasing every broken, garbled noise that spills from Tony when Steve’s hips slam against his ass, grinding in as deeply as he can for a moment before withdrawing, over and over again. He’s trying to make note of every tiny shift in Tony’s dazed expression, the beads of sweat collecting on his brow and the shine of drool sliding down his chin as Steve’s fingers slide ever-so-slightly in and out of his mouth in time with the thrust of his hips.
He wants to remember every tiny detail of how
Steve has to grab for the wall as his head spins, blood rushing to his cock so quickly that it leaves him a little dizzy. As soon as he can feel his legs again he stumbles towards the living room, following the siren song of ragged breathing and shifting fabric, the unmistakable wet squelch of lubed fingers pressing into a tight hole.
as he finally lets himself sink into the heat of Tony’s body again.
sweetheart.”
It knocks a ragged moan out of Steve’s chest as the quickly building knot of tension in his gut winds tighter,
“You okay sweet thing?” Steve asks, pausing even if he can’t quite
But even in
without you, aching for
thinkin’ about you, just wanna
you look so pretty like this,” Steve breathes out, reluctantly slowing the motion of his fingers to allow Tony to catch his breath.
Every inch deeper that his cock slips past Tony’s swollen rim feels like another victory, the way it forces another shaking moan out of Tony’s chest as he opens up around the demanding stretch of Steve’s cock.
So Steve fights back the words that are building behind his teeth, saves them for later, and instead finally sits back on his heels with a soft sigh and a final affectionate pat to Tony’s ass.
a shaky exhale rushing out of him as his cock sinks a little further into the warmth  of Tony’s body. He’s limited to short rolls of his hips as Tony’s muscles relax
“Breathe, baby,” Steve says again although he might as well be talking to
And then all at once Tony explodes back into motion, snapping his jaw shut to sink his teeth into Steve’s fingers and crying out loudly around them as he writhes in Steve’s hold almost hard enough to send them both tumbling to the ground. Steve wraps around him tighter, grinding in deep as he drags his thumb over the head of Tony’s cock and groaning at the way it
you’ve been teasing me all day
Steve asks even though he heard
The undertone of red on his golden skin has become Steve’s new favorite color in the world, he’s already mixed it in every medium he can think of but he hasn’t been able to get it just right yet. Maybe someday he’ll be able to do Tony justice, but until then Steve is all too happy to keep trying.
Tony’s teasing is cut short when Steve thrusts his fingers in hard and there’s nothing like listening to the way Tony’s voice cracks halfway through a snarky comment, the whine in his voice when he’s trying
“Look so fuckin’ good like this,”
ready to be shipped off to galleries or buyers and now he's going to have to start all over on them.
ready to lose the feeling of Tony wrapped around him, how
Tony chokes out another unintelligible series of sounds, and Steve isn’t actually expecting to understand it any better the second time but he still hums curiously, encouraging Tony to repeat himself. A high shaking whine bursts out of Tony’s chest as his eyes fall shut, his tongue working wet and sloppy over Steve’s fingers again for a moment, and to Steve’s surprise when Tony repeats himself he actually
out of Tony’s chest and he’s still trying to shove himself back into Steve thrusts even though Steve can
I’m so ready,
always so sweet when Steve gets him broken open like this. He responds with a harsh grind of his hips, pressing his fingers deeper into the wet heat of Tony's mouth. And Tony just lets his jaw fall open a little wider, lets Steve press down against his tongue until Tony’s eyes fall closed with a breathless little noise. “Your fuckin’
It’s also probably a bit of a silly promise, considering Tony is a billionaire
“Steve, that- you-
One of Steve's favorite things is hanging around Tony's workshop and watching him work. In his element, Tony is the most beautiful thing he has ever seen and Steve could happily watch him for
Tony gasps out as Steve presses deeper, his thighs trembling and his hand scrambling at the back of the couch, all of his muscles twitching like he’s torn between trying to pull away and trying to get
“Should have gotten home sooner then-
about fucking me and actually
“could just watch you all day, gorgeous, look so fuckin’ pretty workin’ yourself like this.”
I- I’m gonna come if you don’t
to perfectly capturing the curve of Tony's throat when he throws his head back in pleasure, and Steve had been really looking forward to taking watercolors to that one.
get enough of watching Tony’s body open around him.
first,
always pushing forward and looking to the future and that makes it all the more heady when Steve can convince him to
walk home faster than this.
Even if it takes a lifetime.
the way he’s trembling just with the effort of holding himself upright under the relentless rhythm.
His keys fall from his hand with a loud clatter, because he
“I’m-
He wants to see if Tony will let him record it one day, find out what the arches of the sound waves look like and paint it as a mountain-scape, as a stormy sea, something as overwhelming gorgeous and breathtakingly majestic as Tony.
“Found my hoodie," Tony pants out, which seems like a non-sequitur until he adds "Smelled like you, an’ you sent me all those texts earlier, I couldn’t
Tony demands with a wavering laugh and Steve lets out a soft laugh of his own that quickly turns into both of them groaning as Steve’s hips stutter forward, pressing a little
It takes Tony a couple seconds to actually answer, heaving for breath and rocking back against Steve for a moment before his fingers pop free from between his lips with a wet sound. “Not enough,” Tony finally moans out, “it’s not,
fuck me I’m-
Tony sobs out, apparently unconcerned as his arm slips off the armrest to dangle off the end of the couch and his face presses harder into the fabric, his voice muffled as he begs “what- fuck, I’m
it even as he continues letting out a constant streaming of pleading noises. Eventually Steve’s hand slips off Tony’s hip one too many times, sweat starting to build on his own skin, and he
Steve makes a low, rough sound and Tony finally pulls his fingers free from between his lips with a loud pop, smirking wider even as he arches back against his fingers harder and lets out a breathless groan.
need-
Steve groans as his hips press snug against the curve of Tony’s ass again, “flushed and moaning, openin’ up for me
Steve groans as his hands move restlessly over Tony’s hips, the small of his back, fighting the urge to just
deeper.
into the fabric of the armrest.
and his voice shakes as he gasps out “don’t care
“I know sweetheart, need
baby- fill me up an’ stuff me so full, please—“
if you don’t hurry the fuck up and
"What's wrong, baby?" Steve croons, smirking as he makes sure to drag his fingertips over Tony’s prostate with every pass, not letting Tony actually get a word out. He doesn’t let up the relentless thrust of his fingers until Tony tightens around him, letting out a ragged cry that sounds like it
it. Steve can
you feel
Steve shifts his weight again, digging his fingers harder into the arm of the couch as he drapes himself more fully over Tony’s back and the change in angle has Tony
is a better excuse for panic than usual.
When Tony is so strung out on pleasure that he’s clearly lost all track of the words spilling out of him, sweet and filthy and
The way Tony’s face lights up when he’s lost in code and schematics, the blue of the holograms reflected in his big brown eyes, the smooth warmth of his voice as he rambles to himself and his robots and Steve and the empty coffee mug at his elbow.
Tony getting closer and closer to coming, clenching
"Don't stop," he says roughly and then reluctantly tears his gaze away from Tony to locate the lube where it’s slipped between two of the couch cushions. Steve fumbles for a second with the flip-top of the bottle and as soon as he can he presses one slick finger in alongside Tony’s, feeling the easy give of his muscles, the way the hard shudder that runs up Tony’s spine has him clenching impossibly tighter.
Tony doesn’t disappoint, his voice ragged and still slurred with pleasure as he instantly gasps out “Come for me,
maybe Steve isn’t the one who left the lights on after all.
he already loves Tony so damn much, entirely too much to lose him because Steve can’t be
sugar what a sight you make.” Tony whines like he wants to protest but he does slow the thrust of his fingers, spreading them a little more and Steve groans at the view. Tony’s hole is already loose and slick, a little swollen and so inviting, clutching tight around Tony’s calloused fingers as he drives them into himself again.
and sobbing out every breath, and Steve drags his hand up from Tony’s thigh to wrap around his cock instead, the rhythm of his hips going jerky and uneven as he drags his thumb through the slick mess of precum over the head of Tony’s cock.
twisting, feeling the easy give of Tony’s inner muscles, how
He pitches his weight forward, one hand sliding around the front of Tony’s thigh while he plants his other hand on the armrest beside Tony’s head, close enough that he can feel Tony’s ragged breath on his skin. All Steve can manage like this is short, deep thrusts, but it’s enough to jolt Tony forward into the arm of the couch and drag broken cries out of his chest.
Steve’s day is not going all that great.
please just—“
the tremble of his thighs and the flutter of his eyelashes take Steve’s breath away, and Steve finds his fingers twitching. He needs paper and a pencil, maybe charcoal, he needs to capture the pull of muscle in Tony’s stomach as his hips rock again, the shine of sweat where it’s collecting in the dip of his spine and the slow drip of precum from the trip of Tony’s flushed cock to the fabric of the couch beneath him.
“That’s more like it.” Tony says but it’s quieter than before.
His whole body seems tight, ready to snap but Steve can’t bring himself to share anything else.
Steve waits.
I’m here on my own; no one knows I’m here.
Tony looks surprised and glances at the table.
It’s my fault.
“I shouldn’t have done that,” Steve admits, mortified.
One arm rests across his stomach as his other hand covers his mouth before pointing at Sam.
There’s not a ton, but he wants to send the check to the painters now that the Center is finished.
Steve tries to sit back and pull away but Tony tightens his grip.
“Is there something you know?”
“I can’t tell if you’re joking or not.”
“If I’m doing it right.”
there is no one else from
He doesn't want to talk about it so he silently admits defeat and slowly puts his arms on the table.
He holds still and relaxes a fraction as fingers slide through his hair a few times.
“Is there something else?
Maybe you’re right and you both won’t be able to move past what happened, but I think you’re wrong about it.”
Tony wipes his hands on the blanket, “Can’t let Pepper down.”
Then he had to complete the required hands on practice.
Bravo.”
Steve gestures around himself to indicate the building then crosses his arms again.
“They’re ok.
and not Captain America.
Steve chuckles and says, “She’s not that young.
“I tried looking at events with Steve-glasses to understand you.”
He was still helping people, but on a more personal level.
Steve’s sweating where he’s pressed against Tony.
Steve stays though.
He did have a different blue in mind but he just wanted to fuck with Sam.
This look means he’s reviewing all the facts and he doesn’t think it adds up.
I’m sure Sam has said the same.
“Morning,” Sam calls out entirely too cheerful for Steve’s tastes.
And he’s frustrated that he’s not able to come to any conclusions himself.
He smiles, he doesn’t believe Tony but something about the way he’s standing there makes Steve want to try.
“I’m…” Steve starts appalled but Tony’s very fast and one hand grasps his wrists tightly and says “Don’t.”
“uh… no,” Tony responds, but there’s a blush to his cheeks.
It was hard to reconcile the two thoughts, so he didn’t.
He takes a breath, trying to force air into his lungs and watches Tony carefully as he says,
Rhodey’s right, Steve is a horrible liar, as his eyes broadcast his feelings if the person stops to look.
“Eight.”
It’s frustrating.”
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise, “Yeah yeah, I’d rather be in the lab.”
“It’s a slow progress”.
Steve checks the front door one more time to confirm it’s locked and slowly walks down the hall to his right.
It’s one of the images that play on a loop in Tony’s mind from Siberia, the utter look of devastation when Tony turns and confronts Steve.
“Was it good for you?” he asks and then halfheartedly stifles the giggle that threatens to escape.
“You don’t realize how close I came.
“Let’s not pretend that you haven’t tracked their whereabouts
“That’s not how it was meant to be.
Another day, another morning Steve convinces himself to get out of bed to face the rest of the day.
To make sure he’s doing what he promised to do, which was to keep up with his running routine after an awkwardly stilted conversation where Sam seemed to barely control the urge to yell at him.
You and Steve were friends and had a fight, granted…”
Tony walks in the room and pouts.
People understand.
A shudder goes through Tony.
him and even though he’s reasonably sure that Sam didn’t realize it, the “talk” felt more like he was getting reprimanded.
“I am compared to your age pal, plus, I’m not the one that couldn’t wait until
Steve pumps his arm faster, their combined precum makeing the glide slick and smooth.
He recognizes that it’s wallowing because it feels so similar to how he felt when he and Pepper split up.
“Yeah,” he nods.
They don’t discuss feelings.
“So Rhodey won’t stop harping on me about my visits to you.
I’m not sure how anyone would’ve reacted.
It’s then Steve realizes just how exposed they area, half naked, covered in water and semen just standing in his living room.
“So, tonight there’s a card game with some of my buddies.
He doesn’t think anyone notices and if they do, they don’t say anything.
“Not tonight.”
He actually doesn’t have the energy to deal with that much confrontation.
Rhodey smiles, “There is only one of me.”
He’s not sure how long he sits there until he glances at the clock and realizes almost an hour has passed.
The downside is that Steve has no plan for dinner and having Tony in his house.
“You almost had me.
But he didn’t know how to advertise his services or even how the services would be received, if it was appropriate and welcomed.
Tony sighs.
I found out from someone not you.”
Steve starts.
Tony barks a laugh and drinks more of the beer.
“I’m going to need clothes, as I won’t sit in these,” Tony says he steps out of his shoes and then pants.
The team was close because of what we do.
“You always want to go there.”
Steve nods and Sam whistles.
Tony nods and with one last squeeze to his hand, lets go and steps back.
Steve finds it hard to tell and he is so tired of trying.
Don’t worry, I’ll lock up.”
Steve’s not sure if he’s happier with the added clothes or concerned that Tony didn’t feel comfortable enough removing them.
Or if they do they don’t say anything.
It seems like an endless loop of self examination with all his failings on display for him to pick over; but Sam seems satisfied that he’s up and out so Steve keeps running.
“I’ve tried to talk to you.
Tony winks.
Sam interrupts him.
Tony runs a hand through his hair, which is now sticking up and waves the other around. Steve notices there’s a flush to his cheeks.
It’s supposed to be my job.”
At that time Steve had nothing but the Center and studying; there was nothing else.
We all made decisions, it’s on
Are you in pain?”
“Should I be feeling this in other places?”
“Anyone else.
He looks outside so Rhodey can’t see how sad that makes him.
He swallows the sigh he wants to make.
Steve scans the room and realizes they didn’t use anything that needs washing or changing so he closes the door and heads home himself.
Tony does something quick with the remote and selects a movie, but before it starts Steve’s phone buzzes.
You can’t think that using a color found at the Jersey shore is a good idea.
“Even Barnes?”
Steve smiles, he can’t help it, and leans forward on the railing to watch Tony step out of it.
Steve doesn’t like the look in Sam’s eyes.
“Are you two fucking?”
“That Steve betray you?”
He pushes his hair back in the hope it stays put.
“You almost took my arm off today and it’s not the first time.”
“No odd communications or meetings since I was here last?”
“I think it’s time, other places are updating.
Steve takes a breath to refocus and realizes his fingers are underneath Tony’s pants.
It’s fun to watch her make the grown men cry.”
“Sam, Tony’s known we’ve been here since we bought it.
Steve shoos Sam out of the Center an hour before he expects Tony to arrive.
other place here?”
He pulls the hat low and keeps his chitchat to a minimum hiding behind the relaxing atmosphere that’s usually expected within a massage room.
Sam shakes his head.
He squirts some more oil and picks up Tony’s other hand and starts the same movements there.
Steve had been nervous that people wouldn’t make appointments or follow through with them once they knew it was
“I think it’s because I don’t vary from my limited routine.”
“I couldn't talk to you Sam.
I called and said I was running late.”
Sam hesitates and then chooses a turkey club with extra pickles.
It seems I saw us friendlier then we were.
He’s sure that he and Sam would have an argument about Tony showing up suddenly under the guise of being a regular.
So maybe a little push is warranted.
It was selfish and I have no excuse.
And Steve knows it comes from a place of caring but he’s tired of putting on an act and sometimes he just want to hide in the office and read a book.
“Nothing else?” Rhodey pushes.
Steve bends to push the shoes out of the way, when he turns around Tony is staring at him.
A company is looking into Stark Industries, again, nothing we can’t handle of course.
As Steve finds some sweats for Tony and hands them over, Tony is smirking.
He hadn't been kidding about the sketch book dedicated to Tony either, that is
that spill out of him. “Fuck ‘m
contain Steve’s name, shivers racing all along his skin.
Steve decides against dealing with the subway, because at least one out of every five times he does he ends up in a brawl with some asshole who's trying to get handsy with another passenger or some drunk being belligerent. That is exactly the
Tony nods, weak and disjointed, and Steve pulls his fingers free from between Tony’s lips for a moment so he can really appreciate it as Tony sobs out “Yes, yes,
It's never a good start when he wakes up to a panicked phone call from his assistant,  although Steve has to admit that his studio being
for it? Is that what you want sweetheart?”
god I’m
Steve had tried not to get his hopes up, he really had. He tried to tell himself not to get in too deep because this is
Tony chokes out around a laugh, the motion of his wrist slowing further until he’s just tugging at his rim, the sweat that coats his skin catching the last rays of sunlight that spill through the window as he pants for breath. “I’m gonna come if you-
He wants to see the way Tony’s eyes shine when he smiles and the way his face flushes when Steve takes him apart. Steve wants Tony’s skin and muscle under his hands and he wants to feel Tony wrapped around his cock again, shaking like it’s too much and still begging for more. He wants to ask Tony how his meeting went and how the bots are doing over whatever kind of takeout Tony wants to order, and he wants to fall asleep with Tony in his bed.
when Steve presses the tip of another finger into him, his entire body twitching and god he’s
Steve—“
More than once today Steve found himself wishing he had it, but it's probably for the best he hadn’t. If he
to not immediately give in when faced with such gorgeous begging, but even as Steve slides his fingers up the curve of Tony’s ass he can’t resist asking “Aw, thought you wanted to tease me, baby? What happened, you get yourself too worked up? Need it too bad, Tony?”
to being as close as he can get, to burying himself all the way in Tony’s perfect tight
There will be time for that, hopefully,
Steve wants to be inside him, but wants to keep watching Tony try to fuck himself back onto Steve’s fingers just as much. He gets a little caught up just
to shift, has to get
stop the roll of his hips, trying to make sure Tony has gotten his balance and that he’s steady again. Tony doesn’t seem concerned with that though, just bobbing his head in a disjointed nod as he immediately tightens his grip on the armrest and shoves himself back against Steve. Still, Tony’s breathing is coming out as nearly a sob with every breath and Steve forces himself to stop moving entirely as he asks “You need a second?” Tony’s response is a loud whine and a quick shake of his head, even as a hard shudder visibly works its way through him, and Steve grins as he starts pressing
But it’s also
Steve has to pick up more white pastels and inks.
get enough of it.
Tony just nods again, making the
The way Tony
just as much. And Steve can’t
Tony makes another breathless, broken sound, but he nods and the sight of his white teeth against his knuckles as he shoves his fingers back into his mouth has Steve groaning as well, thrusting his fingers into Tony’s loose hole a little harder. Tony sobs, teeth digging into his skin, and Steve does it again. And
’s that what you
“Sorry, was that
body. Just another inch or two now, and he strokes one hand along the small of Tony’s back as he groans out “you’re doing so good, taking me in so perfect Tony, can you feel how fuckin’ tight you are around me? Feel that
wanna come on your cock, want
Tony insists in a shaking whine, “please,
I wanna come on your cock, wanna feel you fuck me through it and
“Just couldn’ wait for me, huh baby? Need it too damn bad?” Steve asks, already breathless himself and he’s trying to sound disappointed but he’s pretty sure that it just comes across as stupidly turned on.
He would need white ink on top of the pencil to really show the wet shine of Tony’s fingers as he pulls them nearly free before plunging them deep again, to capture the way the light catches on the slick head of his twitching cock.
but Tony goes absolutely still beneath him as the words sink in, his muscles all pulling tight as he sucks in a shocked little breath.
“’s this what you wanted?”
Steve's breath catches at the sight of his cum bubbling out around his fingers, running down Tony's crack and dripping down his balls while Tony chokes out another sob and rocks back into it. Steve does his absolute best to commit the sight of it to memory, swears he’s going to do it justice one day.
Tony looks beneath him, but Steve is quickly losing himself in the mind-melting pleasure of Tony wrapped around him,
don’t you? So
“Not yet you’re not,” Steve says with a breathy chuckle, his voice low and rough as he digs his thumbs into the thick muscle of Tony’s asscheeks and spreads him open
impossibly
“Steve!” Tony wails, the foot that’s braced on the floor sliding a little as he bucks his hips up hard, hole slick and clenching around nothing as he writhes weakly in place, clearly trying to chase the weight and stretch of  Steve’s cock. When Steve shifts so that all Tony gets is the length of Steve’s cock dragging up his cleft he goes still again with a choked sob of “What-
into that any more.
please baby I’m-
“Deep breath, sweetheart,” Steve says as he nudges the head of his cock against Tony’s slick hole, and then waits until Tony lets out an impatient whine before actually pressing into him. Tony goes still with a hitching gasp, shuddering under Steve’s hand on the small of his back, and Steve is shaking too. He’s nearly losing his
Steve, want it, want to feel you, god
nerdy and a little eccentric, sweet and cheesy in his own way. Who talks to his robots like they’re children but refuses to admit it, who once bought Steve every imaginable paintbrush because
baby,” Steve groans, the rhythm of his thrusts going unsteady as he drives himself into the fluttering clench of Tony’s muscles. He releases his hold on Tony’s cock to grab for Tony’s hip again, digging his fingers in as his hand threatens to slip on Tony’s skin, slick with sweat and Tony’s cum still dripping from his fingers. He regretfully pulls his fingers free from between Tony’s lips so he can support a little more of his own weight, giving himself a little more space to roll his hips back before pressing in deep again, yanking Tony back into every slam of his hips as he gasps out “Perfect, so fuckin’ perfect,
as he demands
it, always want
Steve groans, and for a second even the white-hot need boiling in his veins can’t compete with the butterflies that burst to life in his stomach at the small smile that pulls up the corners of Tony’s slack lips, when he rolls his tongue against the pads of Steve’s fingers with a sound caught halfway between a sigh and a moan.
all worked up like that.”
Tony moans and shakes with a desperate sound, but he doesn't stop weakly thrusting his fingers into himself, rhythm only stuttering a little as Steve presses his own deeper. Steve presses even
He wants to sink his teeth into the sweet swell of Tony’s ass, the delicate skin at the top of his thigh. Steve wants to leave deep, lingering bruises and then he wants to track all the colors they turn in abstract oils, make a whole series out of it.
Tony twitches and whines beneath him and he’s not going to
on his face, digging one thumb into the meat of Tony’s ass and tugging his cheeks just a
Tony?”
and then sighing out a loud moan. His skin is
for him. Tony is still working three fingers into himself, his hole slick and pink and clenching around them, his hips twitching in place every time his fingers press deep again, his breathing ragged and whining.
just-
Whether that means convincing Tony to take a break when he’s been working too hard to watch bad 80’s comedies with Steve, or taking the time to draw every desperate, needy sound out of Tony that he can, Steve isn’t even picky. Although ideally it’s one and then the other, in any order, as often as he gets the chance.
He cuts off with a moan as Steve strokes his prostate again, and then his voice comes out somewhere between a sob and a
started to whine his name, then twists his fingers as he plunges them in deep again and revels in the way Tony’s voice catches. The way Tony’s words are still almost lost in a wavering moan when he finally manages to get out “y-you-
Steve really tries not to let it get to him that they have so much trouble getting their schedules to line up, but seeing Tony once a week
His legs feel unsteady as Steve climbs up onto the couch behind Tony, shoving his pants down past his hips and sighing with relief when it frees his quickly filling and uncomfortably trapped cock. Tony cranes his neck to the side to watch him, and Steve can
as Tony moans and clenches weakly around him.
you make,” Steve gasps out, slamming himself harder into the tight clutch of Tony’s body. It’s a little awkward to shift without breaking the rhythm of his thrusts, but Steve manages to shift most of his weight to the heel of his hand and turns his wrist enough that he can shove his fingers a little deeper into Tony’s mouth, pressing down against his tongue and making him drool harder.
without get bored or frustrated.
And always Tony wants
Tony begs and Steve can’t do anything but give him exactly what he wants, Steve’s breathing practically wheezing in his chest as he digs his fingers into Tony’s hips and fucks into him harder. “Yes, yes-
when I’m not
“So fuckin’ gorgeous like this,” Steve sighs, letting his cock drag over Tony’s hole again in a slow tease. He moves with the motion of it as Tony tries to arch against him, just barely letting the head start to stretch Tony open again without pressing inside before sliding away again. The pleading whine that tears free from Tony’s chest is
sounds like he’s
trying to memorize every sound that spills out of Tony’s mouth, every broken gasp and wavering moan. The sheen of sweat on Tony’s skin as he arches and writhes and shakes so beautifully under Steve’s hands.
The rest of the pack, except Bruce, exited the Quinjet. Bruce was backup in case they needed it, but they couldn’t risk Tony getting hurt, especially as he was pregnant. Everyone knew the plan, they didn’t even need to talk to one another. They had worked together for so long that it was second nature to them all.
Bruce just rolled his eyes before going back into the house. Tony walked over to Bruce’s car, leaning against it. He could still hear Clint laughing from the roof, the delta was going to land Tony in some deep shit later with Steve, but right now the omega wanted to avoid that and get to work. Tony looked up as Bruce returned and unlocked the car.
Tony sat down at the table, the others joining him, Steve at his side as he smiled up at the blonde. Pepper sat opposite him and Rhodey beside her, they all grabbed a menu and began looking it over, making conversation over what to have.
“Tony’s definitely not going to want to see Steve’s bedroom now.” Sam laughed, causing Clint and Bucky to do the same.
Tony and Bruce had stayed way past anyone else in the labs and it was dark outside. The omega had gone down to the ground floor with the scientist and they parted ways with a handshake when Tony decided to get another coffee from the cafeteria. Making his way back up to his room, coffee in one hand and his phone, which he grabbed after seeing Agent Coulson for the second time, in the other. He had read through the reports that JARVIS had sent him earlier after going back to Bruce’s lab. Agent Coulson had permitted him into the labs now, not that it had stopped him before, and assured the wolf that he would get his own card in the morning.
“And the bots.”
“Hey!”
“I can get that losing a pack member or mate to be scary but you’re perfectly capable of looking after yourself.”
“JARVIS, call the bots. The pack is back.”
Since November my life has taken a turn and a lot of bad things has happened and they haven't eased off. There have been good points (I got a bf for one) but a lot of what's happening at home has had a negative effect on me. Alongside that, I'm still at uni and I've got lots of assessments due in etc. I guess I just lot my touch with writing because of everything that has happened. However, I miss it dearly and I want to get back into it. This is just a small chapter, which I made myself write so I'm sorry if it's bad, to try and get me into the groove of things again and to also let you know that I will be back. I promise. I am determined to finish this fic and I have lots more I plan to write (I started writing the friends with benefits fic too so that will be something to look forward to).
“Hey, Bruce. I’m still not feeling great so I’m just going to head on home. I’ll get an Uber or something.” Tony forced a small smile. “Can you watch DIEGO for me?”
Throughout the whole day, Tony had been constantly distracted and Bruce had noticed. He’d been tempted to ask the omega or tell him to go back to his room. The omega probably didn’t get a goodnight’s sleep again and Bruce had started to become worried for him. Although they weren’t working on the same project, they were still in the same room. Tony’s workshop was being set up in the room next door and was meant to be done within a week, with a door connecting the two rooms in case either of the two needed assistance or company.
“My alpha, my brains, my looks, my-”
“Not if I beat you to it, Legolas.”
“If you want to lie back and pull up your shirt please.” The alpha said.
“Please, can I stay?”
“I am a lion shifter; the omega is a wolf. That is why our friend is acting the way he is. His behaviour could mean that he is attracted to this omega.” Thor replied.
Tony led the beta over to where Clint was doing some dumb dance moves that
Steve left, catching up with the others. Clint and Natasha had gone ahead first to scout it out then Thor and Hulk would hopefully go in next as their hard hitters. Steve paired the twins with Bucky and Sam for their first mission so they could be looked out for.
“I’m going to take you to my mate,” Steve replied, leading Peter out of the house, thankful that it was one of the ones closest to the outside of the village so that he could avoid showing Peter most of the destruction Hydra had caused.
Steve opened the basket, taking out a few Tupperware containers of food, laying them out in front of the brunette. Tony took out the bottle of champagne, grinning up at Steve before taking out two flute glasses that had been wrapped in napkins to keep them safe.
The omega rubbed his tummy upon hearing it rumble.
“Shhh.” Tony grinned, a finger coming to place on Steve’s lips. “Can’t give it away.”
“Because you’re annoying,” Natasha spoke as she walked into the room. “They were helping me clean the kitchen and just flew off. Now I see why.”
“Tony. I-”
“I’m coming.” Steve sighed, turning back around to Sam. “Keep alert. This could be a trap. Clint, come down from the roof and help the search. Banner, you good?”
“I only want to watch the first one.” Tony shrugged.
“I’m going to hang up now.”
“What do you mean?” Panic settled into Steve. Tony hadn’t come home.
“It’s heavier.”
“Of course. Of fucking course, it was you.” Tony growled, turning to the glass where none other than Brock Rumlow was standing.
“Tony?” Steve asked, causing the brunette to look up at the alpha. Tony simply patted the seat beside him, removing his head from Pepper’s shoulder. Steve took the invitation for the seat, smiling small as he sat and looked over at Pepper.
“It’s nice to meet you, Tony.” Steve took note of the smaller male’s shivering form. He was only in a dress shirt and it was cold out. “Here.” Steve stopped, taking off his jumper before handing it over to the brunette.
Tony let out a little laugh. “Yeah, I make lots of stuff. It’s really fun.”
“No problem, Sparkles,” Clint replied to the lion as the pack began to walk.
“Yeah. At least we know who we’re after now so we’re not completely back at the beginning.” Bucky replied.
“He might be waiting for you to make the first move.”
“I hope you can forgive me, and my brother when he’s in a better state of mind. He’s not a bad wolf, I know he would want to apologise to you. You’re lucky that you had members of your pack to help you out.”
Steve nodded. “I was just so weak, and I got sick a lot. We didn’t have much food and we wouldn’t be able to pay for the electric and heating most of the time. Then I think there might have been something to do with losing my dad that just set it back even more.” Tony nodded, listening to every word of Steve’s story. “But it happened, and it surprised everyone when it showed I was an alpha. Considering I wasn’t big or strong. Bucky was the only one who didn’t seem so surprised, claiming I had the heart of an alpha.”
That earnt the strawberry blonde a playful shove.
“Welcome, Katniss.”
“Thanks.” Tony smiled, taking the menu and reading over it. “Can I have chicken korma, please… Are we doing sides too?”
He had been out to bars before with the pack, but he was still slightly nervous. He didn’t have backup and he had no idea what Tony would be like if he got drunk, which seemed like the brunette’s plan tonight. But, he was going to find out.
“I don’t eat all of them. Just most of them.”
“You’re not our alpha, you can’t give us orders.”
Both made their way to the lockers, the feline shifter patting the wolf’s shoulder before heading off to the showers. Steve immediately opened his locker and took out his phone and water bottle. Taking a chug of water, the alpha wolf read over the texts.
“Yeah, I have one later this week. Hopefully, I’ll get most of my work out of the way by then.”
They both glanced over at the four wolves that were fighting. It was lucky they were still in their human forms or else things could have been worse as security approached them. Eventually, the security team pulled the fighters apart and pulled them around the side of the smoking area to the exit. Tony and Brooke followed them as they were shoved out of the club and told they were banned.
“Look at me,” Tony spoke up, catching the alpha’s attention. “We’re not going to do anything difficult, just going to sway.” Tony moved his arms to wrap around the alpha’s neck as Steve nodded, Tony smiling softly, tucking his head under the blonde’s chin. Tony felt Steve smile as they began to sway, the song, their song, still playing in the background. Tony let out a content sigh, eyes closing as they swayed to the music, happy to be with the alpha.
The Strucker guy left, Brock Rumlow following. Tony watched them every step of the way until they left through the hallway doors, another man standing guard. The two men had caught the attention of the humans opposite, both now staring at Tony. The wolf gave a little wave, unsure of what to do, before going to join Fire once more.
“Oh, Brooke! Hi!” Tony smiled, adjusting in his seat as more of the fragments of last night’s memory fell into place. “Brooke, this is Pepper, my best friend. Pepper, this is Brooke. We met last night.”
“I, er, couldn’t choose an outfit… Hey! But now you’re here you can help. Even though you ignored all my distress calls and texts. All I need to do is get dressed, everything else is sorted.” Tony began, dragging Bruce over to his bed where each of the three outfit choices was spread out along the bed. “Which one do you like the best? The girls at useless, they keep arguing or hanging up on me. Except for Tammi, she’s the best.”
“This is a date, isn’t it?”
Steve followed Peter up the stairs, carefully watching the young delta take in his now wrecked home, his eyes beginning to water. It was so much for the boy to take in. Steve wished he’d never have to see this.
“They offer therapy sessions at SHIELD.” Pepper knew it was a long shot but decided to say it anyway.
“Tony, it’s fine.” The delta shook his head as he sat down at one of the tables. “Hey, you can just pay next time.”
“Annoying is true,” Bruce said, walking out of the bathroom. Tony looked over at the scientist who was washed and dressed in a new set of clothes.
“It’s okay. We weren’t that close anyway, hence hardly anyone knowing about me. Of course, it hurt when I found out he had died; it was a shock even. But there’s nothing I can do to change that now.”
“The blue one. Bye Tony.”  With that, Pepper hung up.
“Steve, you need to eat.” Nat sighed, crouching beside the alpha who was sitting on the floor by the quinjet, knee brought up to his chest so he could rest his chin on top. He had one of Tony’s shirts in his hand, the black sabbath one, which the blonde held up to his face so he could smell Tony’s scent which was slowly fading. Steve didn’t respond, didn’t even look at the beta as he continued to stare at the floor.
“JARVIS, run the simulation again.” Tony sighed, stepping back to sit on the desk.
“JARVIS, are you able to locate Tony?” The alpha asked, head tilting up.
Only James Buchanan Barnes could get away with bringing Steve back to reality.
“Thanks for today. It’s been fun.” The omega said, dropping his bags onto his bed. The other three were also carrying bags of his as well as their own which they placed down around the room.
“Anything for you, Sir.” The watch,
“I wasn’t expecting it to be here, but this is the best path I know.”
“I have no idea. Do you think he’s run away?”
“It was pissing me off.” She gave a small smirk, as the others walked inside.
Steve had been warning Tony about his pack, especially Clint and Bucky. The amount of teasing he had received had tripled and he didn’t want to scare off the omega.
“Surprise!” The pack yelled as the omega walked inside. Clint and Thor pulled on party poppers on either side of Tony, covering his hair in pieces of confetti. Bruce stood in front of him, holding a cake with candles that formed the letter T, all lit up for him. The pack began to sing happy birthday, causing Tony to blush, he wasn’t expecting this or the attention at all.
And if Steve couldn’t get to sleep because he was far too excited over finally admitting he loves Tony, and the omega replicating it too, Tony didn’t have to know.
Tony sighed but happily hugged the blonde back. “I was thinking about going for a walk later. Stretch my legs a bit.”
“It’s because my mate deigned and helped build it.”
again. “You sure?” He asks, his voice low and teasing again even though
Tony, you gettin’ close sugar? Tell me how you’re feelin’.”
Hmm? Needed me here to fuck you open, fit my cock so deep inside you that you can feel it in your
as it tears through him, sharp and bright and almost overwhelming, his breath heaving and his head spinning at the
Steve never stood a chance.
move back a little, but then he wouldn’t be able to drag his free hand up the slope of Tony’s spine as he says “tell me what’s goin’ on in that amazing brain of yours.”
Steve is leaning most of his weight into Tony at this point, his chest pressing into the strong line of Tony’s shoulders with every hard roll of his hips, and he can
hopes Tony ends up forgetting it here again, hopes it smells like
sweetheart," Steve groans as his own cock gives another hard throb and he finally jolts back into action, wrestling his jeans open with shaking hands as he makes his way across the living room.
“Harder, fuck, baby-
stroking his hand down the length of Tony’s cock in counterpoint to the brutally fast pace of his thrusts, his own orgasm quickly building in his gut at the feeling of Tony’s cock throbbing in his grip. “C’mon sweetheart, let me feel you,” he says, practically a
Tony, you look
with a shaking groan, chasing his own end and lost in the hitching sound of Tony’s breath, the dip of his spine and the tight clench of his fluttering muscles dragging Steve closer to the edge. Every hard snap of his hips shoves another breathless
