“No. I don’t. I was just really thirsty and you know it’s been years since I’ve had Dhamphir! And a 40 year old Dhamphir classic is quite a find. Forgive me?” Jim asked, batting his eyelashes at Moran.
“Feeling better, I take it? Well, I guess I’ll just leave the splinter in then, shall I?” John said, holding the container with the implements that he required to perform the procedure.
“The script didn’t give a total but I think that 20 smacks should be sufficient. Wouldn’t want to wear this hand out.” He waved the same hand in Sherlock’s face. “I’m going to need it for later.”
“He might be empty by the time you get back and you know how unhappy I’ll be then, don’t you, Seb.” This wasn’t a question and Moran didn’t treat it as such, merely nodded his head as he walked to the counter to prepare the injection. This might just push Watson over the edge but there was nothing for it. When Jim was like this, he wouldn’t be denied.
“What?!” John said. He was mildly claustrophobic but he’d been hanging in there while the bag was slowly closing around him, now they wanted to store him in a tiny refrigerated box? No. Just…no. John began to struggle until Sebastian pressed his thumb down on John’s newly installed Port causing him to gasp in pain.
“Well, I was really on my way to look at a possible flat share,” John demurred. He didn’t want to admit that he was going to therapy. It embarrassed him. “London is an expensive place to live, especially on a government pension. Not to mention the fact that I’m looking for a job, but…” and here John held up his left arm indicating his injury.
Pulling Sherlock’s robe down to cover his arse again, John stepped back and admired how wrecked he was. ‘I did that to him,’ John thought. ‘Just me. No one else has ever seen the remote, unemotional Sherlock Holmes lose himself like this. And no one else ever will.’ Not if John had any say in the matter.
“I won’t be able to maintain eye contact with you through this so I want you to remember that you’re happy to be here and very anxious to have your cock sucked. I don’t want you to think about work. Just think about what I’m doing to you and how good it feels. Ok?”
“And I’m telling you; he’ll send his people for you and you won’t be able to fight them all. Please, John.” Sherlock reached out and put a hand on John’s forearm.
“No. I’d just forgotten for a moment. This is quite a change in my lifestyle not to mention my life in general.” John’s eyes rolled to the back of his head as Sherlock slowly traced a path along his carotid artery with his tongue - collar bone to earlobe.
“Let’s go home. I feel the need for a shower followed by some decent take away. The food here is awful.”
Then he felt a touch on his belt and realized that it was now unbuckled. Doctor Watson had unbuckled his belt without his notice. Something was very wrong here.
“Thanks. I might just need all of these.” John said, opening two packets at a time and dumping them quickly into his cup, taking a sip after each addition. By the end, he’d added six packets of sugar before the coffee was remotely drinkable and even then, he was forcing himself not to make a face.
Getting on his knees beside Sherlock, John pushed up his expensive dress shirt and began trailing kisses down his spine and ending with a soft kiss at the beginning of his cleft.
“Could you please spare a moment from looking at your cock so that we can talk?” John asked, getting angry again.
John had a firm hold of Sherlock’s hips and was lavishing attention on his cock when Sherlock suddenly froze and stopped John’s progress.
Sherlock startled awake with a sudden intake of breath. He rubbed his eyes sleepily and gazed back at John expectantly.
There was silence for about 15 seconds then screams and curses belonging to Anderson, exploded from the alleyway.
“First of all, Dhamphir,” Sherlock said, pointing to himself. “So it’s impossible for me to be your father. Not to mention the fact that two men also preclude that from happening in both the human and supernatural worlds.”
“Well, fuck me! Just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse. I feel at a disadvantage sitting on your bed so let’s head to the living room to continue this enlightening and disturbing conversation.”
“Oh, I’m aware of your request but it’s very unusual and I wouldn’t want any misunderstandings between us.”
“Well, I know that now. It was still enjoyable from beginning to end. For the first time in possibly decades, I was happy to be with another person so I indulged myself. I’m sorry if you’re offended,” Sherlock said sincerely.
“John! I’ve solved it!” The door bounced against the wall several times before settling into a few taps and then stilling. Absolutely no reaction from John. Unacceptable.
“I don’t know, Kinsey. What I do know is that he’s alive and that’s the only thing we need to worry about right now.”
“I wouldn’t call getting a blowjob and being fucked up the arse, proper steps to a sound romance. And I doubt you could pay me anywhere near what I’m making now.”
When he reached the landing in front of 221B, he held one hand on the doorknob and leaned his head against the door in exhaustion.
“It really hurts. I know this sounds stupid but I never realized how badly getting shot would hurt even just your arm. I’m being a baby.”
“I apologize,” Sherlock said, and looked up and into the deepest, darkest blue eyes he’d ever seen. They were…mesmerizing. He couldn’t look away.
“How can you NOT want to? I want to and you always want to when I want to,” Sherlock said, getting unreasonably frustrated.
He never complained about what was really happening. The beatings, the pinching hard enough to leave him black and blue, or the occasional cigarette burn which was never located where anyone could see it - besides Harriet - and John knew better than to complain. He knew better than to draw Harriet’s attention in general. It might help him in the moment - if they even believed him - but Harriet would make him pay forever.
“So…’pila’, you say?” He glanced over at Sherlock. Yep. That’s the trigger. He’d now wrapped his coat around himself and had his shoulders hunched up around his neck looking decidedly uncomfortable.
“Very. I want to talk about his clients. What were they like?” Sherlock interjected quickly before Irene could go into anymore detail regarding Doctor Watson’s ’specialty.’
“It’s red and generally means love in the language of flowers which is why I assigned the gardeners intended message of commitment.”
“Well, the coffee caused an unexpected delay. I had expected you to drink the entire cup and you would have been completely passed out 20 minutes ago but between the slow intake, pain and you not getting a full dose…the fact that you’re even barely awake is impressive. The morphine alone should have finished the job. You really are an impressive man, John.”
“You needed that rest anyhow. Next time I’ll bring food. You’re too thin! How you don’t pass out with all that running you do I’ll never know.”
“They’re hardly…”goons,” Doctor Watson. “They’re MI6 agents with orders to protect you at all cost.”
“Oh, not at all. I’m just sad that it’s almost at an end. I hope that the person whom this message is meant for appreciates how much they are truly loved.”
All was quiet for several minutes and eventually Sherlock’s breathing deepened and he seemed be asleep.
If you're frustrated by this, believe me, it's even worse from where I sit but John's in charge and he's going to have things his way.
“Then go to a clinic,” John piped up. “Although I doubt they have a cure for the attitude adjustment of which you’re badly in need.”
“Very well. Certainly I could exert my power as a Board member or even as a minor official in the government…”
This fact was so obvious that Sherlock didn’t feel the need to discuss it with John. One potential relationship problem solved. Sherlock thought people made too much about the difficulty of making relationships ‘work.’ He’d already found a solution to a problem without even so much as involving John. This was going to be effortless. It never occurred to Sherlock that people died from reasons other than being murdered; he just pictured John sitting around, waiting for someone to give him something to do.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. We’ve looked at all of the video and found nothing out of the ordinary. We haven’t been able to figure out how they got him out of there.”
Sherlock suddenly released his hold on the gloves, waiting for John to fall back from the unexpected release of tension but was surprised to see that the man had not only retained his agressive posture but hadn’t moved an inch. Military man, Sherlock noted. A Dhamphir in the armed forces? Well, stranger things had happened. He watched as John ripped the package open, cleaned his hands with the included surgical soap and slid the gloves on.
“Oh Johnny, don’t be like that. You must realize that you brought this all on yourself. You know what your father’s like when he’s angry.”
“My job is very dangerous, John. Especially when Mycroft calls me in to handle one of his little problems.” Sherlock’s mobile chimed again. He and John ignored it.
John wasn’t worried. He was a lite sleeper and would wake at the creak of a board much less someone trying to get a speculum into him.
“Well, I don’t think that John’s going to be leaving us anytime soon.” Harry said in a conspiratorial whisper while raising a finger signaling that she wanted a pint.
“I’ll be at the pub.” Harry said as she stomped out of the room and slamming the front door behind her.
I'm not well versed in Holi but I really liked the idea of using it as a plot twist. It's one of those celebrations where the playing field is level and all people are equal. It's a beautiful event both visually and emotionally.
“I’m sorry, John but I don’t think that I’ll be able to open my mouth wide enough for your fist to fit into it. We can try, of course but I’m not optimistic…”
Mycroft groaned, “Becca. I need you to babysit my brother and make sure that he doesn’t wake up before we get John to him.”
“No worries. Sometimes it feels a little spooky being here all alone but you always take the time to talk to me. The least I can do is bring you a coffee.”
“Look, Mike. Whatever it is, I don’t care. I’m broke and living on tins of whatever’s on sale. How bad can it be?”
“No. I don’t think he could either. God, I love you!” Becca quickly slid her feet into her sandals, grabbed her purse and was out the door leaving only a flutter of clothing to mark her exit.
He’s made himself the unofficial protector of his coworkers. He fusses over them. Makes sure that they’re healthy and god forbid that anyone hurt one of his ‘boys.’ He handles those types of situations immediately but he couldn’t do anything about this without the cooperation of the concerned parties so he suggested a solution.”
“That’s true. You’ve just met your better,” John said, heaving himself up with his free arm while slamming backwards into Sherlock’s chest, knocking him off balance. A lamp suddenly fell to the floor shattering on impact. They both froze and looked at each other.
“Impressive. You’re very flexible,” John said as he applied the slippery stuff liberally to his index finger.
“You alright, mate? Perhaps a visit to hospital wouldn’t be a bad idea. You’re white as a sheet.” Lestrade said, handing over his license which John no longer cared about.
He was just about to make that suggestion when Sherlock shouted out, “JOHN!! Oh god. John, I’m coming!” And sure enough, Sherlock’s cock began pulsing with what seemed to John at least, an unusually large amount of come. Not a freakish amount but, well, the volume seemed to be more…plentiful than usual, to John.
“I know that I only knew Mrs Hudson for a short time compared to you and I don’t expect you to snap out of it, I just hate to see you blame yourself for nature taking it’s course,” John said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and sitting down beside him on the edge of the seat.
“I suppose if we moved you sideways over the bed, you could suck my cock a bit,” John said while simultaneously pressing his hand over his trousers against his burgeoning erection.
Sherlock tries to convince John to move in with him. John says no so Sherlock sends the big guns in; Mycroft, and he's not too thrilled about it either.
“Ok. I’ll concede that point but it’s not personal to me. Just business,” John, hands in pockets, rocked back on his heels awaiting the next question.
He decided to stay with his genius and protect him from all harm. The man wasn’t happy but he was content and he accepted that as good enough. Still, every once in awhile, he would meet the genius’ eyes and feel a spark of electricity jolt between them. His feelings of love would rise rapidly to the surface and each time it took even longer to stamp them back down. One day, he couldn’t hide his feelings anymore so he stopped hiding and began openly admiring his genius, love obvious in his eyes. He decided that he’d to live with his unrequited love realizing that he could never leave the genius.
John withdrew his finger and slowly eased it in again causing Sherlock to shudder.  On the fourth withdrawal, John added another finger and roughly thrust both inside. Sherlock’s breath hitched and John smiled.
“Do we leave now?” Seb asked from the shadowy corner from where they’d been watching the drama unfold.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and angrily turned around ready to bite the head off of whomever thought that it was ok to just walk up behind him, much less touch him. People had pulled back a broken wrist for much less.
Sebastian punched in the code and entered the lab where John sat, going through his daily summaries. John looked up when he heard Sebastian open the door and he shoved his paperwork to the middle of the desk, leaning back in his chair and stretching.
John had worked a double shift that day and was in no mood for a talkative Sherlock. He opened the door to the flat to find Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table, looking intently into his microscope. John heaved a sigh a relief.
“I love you too, thank you for staying with me.” Sherlock said, nestling into Johns shoulder like a cat making a bed.
John had closed his mouth by now but he sat, despite his mind’s unwillingness to do so, suddenly beginning to connect a few truths in the story. But his father would never have raped his sister. It was preposterous!
Smiling, John said, “I was trying to be nice but I see that won’t work with you. Don’t say that I didn’t warn you,” John said, sweeping his leg around behind Sherlock’s and knocking him flat on his arse.
Placing the packet between his teeth, John ripped it open in one smooth pull and applied a generous amount lube to Sherlock’s cock.
Examining the bottle, Sherlock said, “You’ve already almost finished this bottle. Are you filling these tumblers to the top now?”
They hadn’t left any evidence of what type of surgery they’d performed on John but Sherlock thought that they must have given him the morphine so that he didn’t feel any pain and would remain quiet while they’d moved to an unknown location. It appeared that the blood loss was minor; not life threatening - for now. Sherlock didn’t expect that to continue; Dhamphir blood was more addictive to vampires than heroine was for humans. Moriarty would drain John dry if they didn’t find him in time.
“I’m going to sit right here with you and make sure your vitals are ok. Wouldn’t do to have your heart stop too!” Her laughter sounding like tinkling bells to Sherlock. ‘Why haven’t I noticed that before? Oh. Because I don’t care.’
“You admit that you lost fair and square. That you didn’t throw the game?” John pumped Sherlock’s hole a few more times, waiting.
“Oh, playing dirty,” John wheezed, “I didn’t know that was an option.” John threw an elbow back, nailing Sherlock between the ribs.
"Fine but this is the last extension. I'm not doing five out of seven. When you lose this time. It's over and you pay what you owe.”
“I don’t know that there’s a specific meaning for honeywart but the color blue can represent desire, love, hope, beauty…”
“Well, learn something new every day. Literally. Every  fucking day. Bottle, please,” John made a ‘give me’ motion with his hand.
Sherlock could hear the sound of running water as John washed his hands. This seemed…odd. Not that John never washed his hands but it wasn’t normally how they started any of these scripts.
“Sebby. You’re so good to me! What would I do without you?” Moriarty said, giving Moran a quick hug. Uncapping the other line connected to John’s Port, Moriarty took a long draw of the mainline connection to John’s heart’s blood, eyes closing in bliss.
“Ok. I guess. I still feel like I’m taking advantage of you,” John said somewhat uncomfortably, removing the lid from his coffee while Sebastian did the same.
“Sherlock. Breath. Please. Let’s go upstairs and I’ll fix us some tea and we and we can think of all of the good times we’ve had together. And they were almost all good times. You know that. It won’t do any good for you to pass out and wake up on her floor. We’ll come down when her sister’s done going through her things and we can each take a memento.”
“I saw enough to know that while it might be a little uncomfortable, I’ll be able to handle it. Easily,” Sherlock said giving John a smug look.
“Just kidding. I was fairly certain that you’d be pleased. And, were you? Pleased?” Sherlock asked with a sultry smile.
Sherlock was dumbfounded. He was being rejected. After experiencing…some sort of strong emotion, he hadn’t identified it yet but knew that he wanted to feel it again…to analyze it. Not because he was getting emotionally attached to John. Not Sherlock Holmes.
"Goddammit! There are still two more to go!" Sherlock exclaimed, shocking Lestrade. Sherlock rarely cursed.
“So long as you hold me, that’s fine,” John said and leaned in to give Sherlock a long, passionate kiss.
“Are you asking me? If I wanted to talk to myself, I wouldn’t ask you anything. Better. Do better!” John demanded, fucking Sherlock with his fist.
"You might consider locking the door if you're going to do something like...that." Lestrade said, gesturing vaguely in the direction of where John and Sherlock currently sat, nude, on the rug in front of a roaring fire.
“John! You have no idea what this means to me! Don’t tell Mycroft but…I’ve always felt as though I was missing my other half. Well, I wouldn’t exactly say ‘missing’ but I knew something was out there for me…”
“Yeah. Well. That’s what a murderer would say, wouldn’t he? When he was trying to get you to stupidly enter his car. I’m going to have to pass.” And so saying, John continued on his way.
“Nah. I live alone. I like it, but…” John said, hesitating. He didn’t usually confide this much private information to anyone. He supposed that Sebastian had just hit him at a weak moment and he was spilling his guts. Now he felt awkward and just wanted to leave.
“I’ll be fine. Neither one of us anticipated this kind of reaction. I just wish I had a place to lay down for a few minutes so that I could elevate my feet above my head,” John said, pressing a fist into his breastbone, no longer even attempting to hide the pain.
“Oh. Oh my god! This is, this is…” Sherlock groaned, placing his hand on John’s head, tangling his fingers in his soft hair.
“Well, today is his lucky day. Shall we go?” Sherlock gestured with one hand towards the winding staircase.
“You’re going to regret that,” John said then sank his teeth into Sherlock’s neck, breaking the skin and drawing blood.
“Yes you would. Your so excited that you’d let me do anything I’d like to you, wouldn’t you.” John stated.
They walked to the elevator, incoming staff looking at their bloodied faces and wondering what the hell had happened. There was no way that they were going to ask though. They didn’t want to get involved.
“That’s so nice! Let’s have that, shall we? Well, water first. Wouldn’t want you to get dehydrated.” John said, using the ties holding Sherlock’s wrists together to pull him up.
Anderson looked into John’s face and John slowly smiled. A very  predatory smile. ‘Christ. He really wants to hurt me!’ Anderson thought.
“Do you have any of those disposable anal speculums remaining?” Sherlock asked, just a shade to casually.
John stopped what he was doing, threw his scalpel on the tray, ripped his gloves off, turned around, grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his ridiculous coat, and shoved him against the nearest empty wall.
“Do you have any proof of this relationship?” John asked suspiciously. He was fully aware of the ease of making fake IDs but he still wanted to see some kind of proof that this man was who he said he was. Just then, his mobile rang. He kept his eyes on ‘Mycroft’ while he answered it.
“You keep calling him ‘Doctor Watson’. Is he actually a doctor or is that an appellation bestowed upon him by your staff?” Sherlock asked. His ears were still red and a faint flush had begun to rise up his chest towards his neck.
When Sherlock had finally finished convulsing, John slid his fingers out of his hole. Releasing Sherlock’s cock with his other hand, John suddenly realized that he had two hands full of lube. He looked around for something to wipe his hands on and with a shrug, finally settled on the lining of his coat.
“I believe that what John is referring to is the annual celebration of the end of winter amongst Hindus. It’s also celebrated by different cultures around the world now. You should open a book sometime, Anderson. Preferably at your reading level, and with pictures.”
Mycroft gave a little moue of distaste saying, “There’s no need to be vulgar, Doctor Watson. No one is more dismayed by THAT particular turn of events than I myself. Sherlock was fine on his own until you came along and made yourself his weakness. And now he’s obsessed with you.”
“You drew first blood. Impressive. My turn,” Sherlock said and swept John’s feet out from under him, or tried to. John just stood there in a battle ready position and punched Sherlock in the chest knocking the air out of him.
Sherlock easily carried John up the 17 steps to his flat, opened the door, and took John into his bedroom. He removed his jacket and shoes then dropped him unceremoniously onto his bed. It didn’t look like the most comfortable position but Sherlock had had enough of Doctor Watson and he wasn’t his butler.
“See? That wasn’t so bad now, was it?” John said rhetorically with a firm pat to Sherlock’s buttocks.
“Well, that’s…” he began, running a hand through his hair nervously, “that’s just another type of fetish…”
Mycroft sighed, knowing how much it had cost Sherlock to say ‘please,’ and gave him the address. It wasn’t as if he’d expect him to wait until Mycroft’s men had finished with Moran anyhow, and so he gave up the information without a fight.
So...as is typical of my fics, I can't stick to the number of chapters as originally promised so there will be at least one more now.
"Yes, sir," Sherlock said, his voice lowered in that silky whisper that he was so good at. I felt my cock twitch again.
“Just getting a little pain killer for you before the boss comes back. He actually likes the taste of this one so it’s a win win for both of you,” Moran said, injecting the pain medication into John’s line.
Sherlock was trying to hide his impatience and felt that he was being successful. Unfortunately, Sherlock and patience had never met. Or, if they had it had been only by benefit of Sherlock being unconscious at the time which could hardly be considered patience.
That Sherlock had had the patience to wait two weeks to have this discussion, and in person no less, spoke a great deal of his concern for Doctor Watson. Well, it wasn’t something so simple as ‘concern.’ It was logic and logic dictated that Moriarty had been quiet long enough.
“You’re exaggerating, you always do,” Jim staggered over to lean on John and took a good long look at him.
She caught Sherlock’s eye and they both began walking towards each other, meeting in the middle of the sitting room. Sherlock got right to the point, as was his way. It was refreshing, actually. All the niceties put aside and getting down to business right away. She’d normally never allow herself to lower her defenses long enough to make it a cold business transaction.
“Harriet, this is none of your business. It’s between me and the boy.” John Watson Sr said shoving his way into the bedroom and pulling John up by the scruff of the neck.
John was born to a woman who had been raped (just mentioned, no details) because of which, she hates him. This chapter takes us from his childhood through being invalided out of the service and sent home. Then he meets Mike Stamford...
By some miracle, Sherlock knew better than to complain about this to John - until tonight. Sherlock was apparently in what Molly called, the “wooing stage” of the relationship. How tedious and unnecessary. John was already his Mate and mates lived together.
“But not because I don’t want you to be “mean” to me. How would that look? Sherlock Holmes afraid of a little rough sex?”
They’d reached the door and were just about to knock when they heard loud voices coming from inside the flat.
And so Sherlock began telling him all of the things that he hadn’t known about himself, the things that had been kept hidden from him for 40 years and wondered;
Before the man had met his genius, he’d been mindlessly going through each day without joy, feeling that his existence was pointless.
“Now, we’re even. Should you hurt me again, just keep that in the back of your mind,” John said smugly.
Will looked up from where he was filling a bowl with pretzels and looked in the direction John had just addressed. There was no one…suddenly the door opened and in strode a tall man with curly dark hair who made a beeline for John’s table and, uninvited and without a word, sat down.
“Well, maybe later.” Moriarty said, raising the tubing back to his lips, this time drinking steadily.
Sherlock smiled to himself. Another battle won. Well, technically, they hadn’t argued about it. Sherlock had just texted Mycroft telling him what he was doing and Mycroft had given in without a fight. Sherlock had to admit to himself that he was a bit disappointed by that. He’d been looking forward to the distraction. That Mycroft had capitulated immediately left Sherlock feeling vaguely unsatisfied. ‘Which was probably Mycroft’s goal, damn him!’
“How do you think I handled it? I sucked their cocks then sent them on their way,” John said bluntly.
“A METER! What happened to half a meter? I don’t think you know what you’re doing. Your vertical perception is appalling!”
“Wasting time?! Wasting time?! Arranging for the safety of my Mate is NOT a waste of time, Mycroft! And you’d understand that had you a mate of your own; if not only to watch your weight for you. Especially since you’re clearly  incapable of doing so yourself.” Sherlock said antagonistically.
Sherlock was panting and moving his hips erratically causing John’s fingers to slip out. Sherlock finally got a rhythm going and he thrust forward into John’s fist and then back onto John’s fingers.
“You could…you could work with me. I could use a doctor’s eyes on some of these cases. Really, you’d be doing me a favor. And there’s an unused bedroom in my flat just begging for a tenant. What do you think?”
“Clients,” Sherlock corrected automatically, “of John Watson. Each of them had at least two standing appointments each to, ah, avail themselves of his services.”
Sherlock gave John a look that said he was interested in John’s reaction to all of this information but in a clinical, impersonal way which made it seem worse to John. As if he was a project.
“I didn’t do that either. You arse.” He glanced around himself once again for anyone who could be listening. No one.
“How would you feel about leaving all of this,” Sherlock said, gesturing around the room, “And helping me in my work? There’s a spare bedroom in my flat that yours if you want it.” Sherlock waited for John’s response nervously.
There was a reason she’d picked this pub. She knew her da came here after work and boy did she have a story to tell him. She couldn’t wait!
“Pretty much anything in the medical field but the job I’d been asked to interview for had been mysteriously filled right before I got there. I’ve even been rejected for ad locum work. Apparently they’ve never heard of my amazing skills as a doctor with a shaky left hand.”
I do apologize. I should have included a note with that, um…it’s not a gift really, it’s in celebration of your new position at St Bart’s in A & E. I’m sending it back to you because I know for a fact that Bart’s doesn’t have anything remotely approaching the quality of this device and it will make your job easier. Please accept it as a token of my regard for the work that you do, no strings attached; other than the one on this box.
“No. That was pure logic. The rest…sensing so much about one person…has never happened to me before.” Sherlock said, sounding distinctly uncomfortable.
“True but you haven’t spent any of it anyhow. You’ve just been banking it so salary really isn’t an issue.”
“John! You’ve killed our son!” Mrs Watson said, running down the stairs to see how badly injured John was.
“Calm down, Mrs Watson. You’re blood pressure is dangerously high, you need to think about the baby.”
“Not Irene although she told me you’d think so,” came a whisper from behind his back. He began to turn around only to find his head held in place.
“Well, that incompetent Sergeant Donovan, was going on and on about John this and John that, and you hurt John’s shoulder when you knocked him to the ground although, looking at you now, I can see that your shoulder was already hurt in the…Afghan or Iraq war? So I don’t see how I can be blamed for a preexisting condition. What about the old lady.” Sherlock looked at Lestrade, apparently considering the John matter a non-issue.
“You won’t figure out the words I’ve used, John. You can’t really think that I’d pick something that anyone could say at any given moment during any situation?”
“Not now, Sherlock.” Sherlock opened his mouth to speak and John raised one finger to him saying, ”Not now. Later. I promise. Now make with the snuggling.” John said, turning on his side and facing away from Sherlock.
Sherlock dutifully leaned onto his side while John placed the towel beneath his hips and upper thighs. Towel in position, John slapped Sherlock’s hip indicating that he should lay back down.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Jim,” Moran said hesitantly. He knew that there was a good chance that this “suggestion” wasn’t going to go over well.
“I never want to see that thing again in my life, much less touch it. I didn’t ask for that baby. I didn’t want it and I would have flushed it down the toilet if I could have. Just get rid of it. I want to get out of here. You like it so much, you keep it.”
“Not really. Is it true that dad is actually my father?” John asked, hoping against hope that it wasn’t true.
Closing the front door behind him, Sherlock put his hand out and grasped the doorknob to Mrs Hudson’s flat. John stopped and watched him.
Sherlock was still for a moment, contemplating what to do, finally he turned to John and said, “I’m afraid that I can’t do that John. I don’t mind exposing my intelligence but I’m very particular about who sees my naked body,” Sherlock finished primly.
“Nothing but moaning and pleading but that seems to be the majority of my dialogue in this script anyhow,” Sherlock said resignedly.
“Just tell me what you’ve found before I do something that you’ll regret,” John seethed. His anger did seem a little over the top. Maybe he really should just go to bed…
Turning onto his side, John replied; “No.” And fell into blissful oblivion while Sherlock talked on until finally giving up in disgust and leaving to hopefully wrap up his latest case.
‘John is mine and I’ll kill anyone who touches him.’ And with those chilling thoughts, Sherlock headed home, less than satisfied with the situation but determined to protect John at all costs. That determination was about to be put to the test shortly and no one would be ready for it; least of all, Sherlock Holmes.
“It means that I took wrestling in high school and I’m about to crush you between my thighs like a grape.”
“Fine. Judging by the small amount of blood, I’d say that his foot was taken off postmortem, with…chicken shears by the look of it. Ew.”
“I wouldn’t try to move if I were you, John. You might feel wide awake but take one step off of that table and you’ll end up in a heap on the floor. Not to mention the fact that you’re too weak to fight a kitten right now. Just lay back down and wait until we get to the next thing.”
“Don’t come home drunk, young lady! You know your temper is like your father’s when you’re drunk!” Mrs Watson yelled after Harriet but received no response.
I myself was wearing sweatpants, also sans pants and my cock stood to immediate attention watching Sherlock shifting subtly from foot to foot, the muscles of said arse tightening and loosening as I watched; I was enthralled.
Closing the door softly, he looked up and saw that Sherlock was sat in his chair, looking down at his lap. John noted that he was wearing one of his silk robes…’Ooh. I love when he wears the red one,’ flashed quickly through John’s mind.
“Now I’m sure you’re wondering about the repeated rape of Harriet by her father - your grandfather, and if this was true, why didn’t your grandmother or your other “sister” do anything even after Harriet finally told them about it. The fact is, they just didn’t believe her. Or wouldn’t. Not to mention the fact that they refused to believe that such a thing would be going on without them knowing about it. Things became even worse for you after that.
“Come on. Don’t be like that! Have a drink,” John said, holding the glass up to Sherlock’s lips which he stubbornly refused to open.
“Mycroft and I are getting married and we’d like it if you’d both stand up with us at the ceremony…what the bloody hell…”
“It’ll be ok, John. Just do what the boss says and I won’t have to hurt you. Oh, and thanks for letting me know about all of the empty morgue drawers. That was the inspiration that I needed to get you out of here under Sherlock’s very nose, as it were.” Sebastian smiled. It wasn’t a friendly smile.
“This is his second bottle and (somehow) he’s still not even drunk,” Will replied somewhat defensively.
“I thought so. I’m sure that there’s still a paramedic on site. I’ll send him over to check out your shoulder, yeah? That was a nasty fall you took. You should be more careful,” John said, using the hand on Anderson’s injured shoulder to lever himself up.
“I’m sorry. I should have asked if you were ok. I, um, got lost in the role and might have gotten a bit carried away.”
“He was hinting around that he’d have me killed if I fell out of line!” John yelled, his mobile chiming simultaneously.
Very short chapter but I've had this written forever and I feel badly for keeping you guys waiting for so long. I figured that it'd be better to put out what I already have than give you nothing at all. Hopefully it reads well.
“If you two have done with measuring your cocks, could you please remember that there’s a murder to solve and that you’re both more than qualified to be here? Honestly, Sherlock, you exhaust me at times,” Lestrade finished.
“How can I know what happened to him when I didn’t even crouch down to examine the body? Use your brain.”
“Stop being such a baby and get up,” John offered his hand again and Sherlock took it, allowing himself to be pulled up.
“You’re looking well today, Miss Hooper. Oh. Miss Hooper, Doctor Watson. Doctor Watson, Doctor Molly Hooper, our forensic expert.”
Sherlock had tried to arrange an interview but the only way that Watson would see him was as a customer. Fortunately, Irene hadn’t yet cleared the dead men from Doctor Watson’s schedule. She ‘gave’ Sherlock four 15 minute units of the victims’ time so that he could have enough time for a fairly decent interrogation.
The doctor watched John walking down the hallway and his heart broke for him. He knew John’s father and sister and his useless mother. The service probably was the best choice for him. No money. No home. Sure, he could have worked a couple of jobs and paid his way but if John was happy with his decision, then it would work out. It had to.
“It’s Mike! Mike Stamford.” He clutched his stomach. “I might have put on a bit of weight since the last time you saw me. Come on, have a seat on the bench with me and we can catch up.”
“See? What’d I tell you, mum? WHORE! Doesn’t know who the father is my arse! I’ll bet it’s that Bill Murray you’ve been hanging around so much.”
Once John was standing he turned to walk into the morgue and the world spun on its axis; he began to fall and decided to drop back down into his chair instead.
He entered 221, taking each of the 17 steps to their flat as if he was going to his own execution. Why was it that you could push yourself through a gauntlet of obstacles only to have the toughest part of the journey occur when the goal was within reach. John shook his head. Random thoughts. Yeah. He was tired alright.
“Uh. Sure. I’d love to hear more about how old you are,” said John, curious as to how far Sherlock would take this game.
As John felt himself coming, he bit into Sherlock’s neck and drank while his cock emptied itself deeply into Sherlock.
“My dear Doctor Watson, it means everything. My brother desires someone for the first time in his life and I’m going to make sure he gets what he wants and what he wants is you.” Mycroft finished.
“Dammit!” Sherlock yelled at his mobile. He really hadn’t expected Moriarty to tell him anything but he’d allowed himself to have a sliver of hope anyhow.
“Do you like all of your clients? I don’t have to like someone to suck their cock. It’s just a job, no different than yours.”
“Oh, I’m your type. We’re perfect for each other. If killing Doctor Watson didn’t work, well, I’d hate to do it but I’d have to sacrifice you and that would be awful.” Moriarty’s mouth turned down in a pout.
“I don’t know why he won’t go away. He’s like a mother hen. So, where was the knife found?” Sherlock said, clearly talking to the person on the other end of the line. John could barely hear the reply; the volume having been turned down to avoid his listening it.
This was new though. There was no way that Sherlock actually believed that the human body was hot enough to boil and egg. Whatever he wanted must really be a doozy this time.
“I rarely make mistakes and I always get what I want, and what I want right now is you, John Watson.”
“Come on,” John said, moving forward and pressing himself against Sherlock’s back said, “It’ll be fun.” John emphasizing that last bit with a wiggle of his hips.
Downstairs in 221A, a sudden whirlwind started out of nowhere, picking up papers and scattering them all around the room. A form began taking shape out of mist and then Mrs Hudson was there, dressed in her housecoat and apron.
After they were finished, John pulled Sherlock into him and settled them both on their sides. Sherlock turned his head back so that he could see John’s face and kiss him. He finally turned over and pulled John against him, kissing him passionately until they were both breathless.
“Oh, no,” the nurse said hurriedly, “Miss Watson is exhausted. In fact, she’s probably already sleeping so you’d actually be helping her by looking after the baby until she’s moved to her room. New mothers need all the rest they can get.” The nurse waited anxiously to see if Mrs Watson would cooperate or if she’d be forced to tell her that Miss Watson had refused to look at the child, much less hold it.
“So. Move in with me.” Sherlock stated baldly once the’d gotten out of the shower and were both in the process of dressing.
John leaned down and licked first one, then the other nipple. Sherlock was heavily panting by now and reaching up, ripped John’s jumper off until they were skin to skin and it felt amazing.
“Just wait a minute, dammit! You can’t casually ask to have penetrative sex with someone who, up until they met you, was a heterosexual male.”
“I want you to put your hands back on my head and fuck my mouth as hard and fast as you want to. Just do whatever feels good to you. I’m your willing servant, here for your pleasure. Use me. Can you do that for me?”
John looked up from the kitchen table where he’d been peacefully reading the paper and enjoying a cuppa until Sherlock came bounding in with all of his energy and talk of eggs.
Sherlock allowed his gaze to travel from Doctor Watson’s shoes to his chest with a moment too long spent staring at Watson’s crotch. Sherlock shook himself and continued his study until he’d reached Watson’s smirking face.
“They can drink but food tends to make them nauseous so they mainly stick to blood unless they’re trying to pass for human.”
“You know what I’m talking about! That whiny baby voice that you put on when you want something that you already know that I’m going to say no to.”
John reached around and grabbed Sherlock’s cock with his slick hand and began pumping him in counter point to John’s cock entering him.
“You win, Doctor Watson. I’ll be taking my leave of you now. For what it’s worth, I don’t personally monitor everything that Sherlock does; I have people who do that and alert me when they feel that something requires my attention. I am in no way interested in Sherlock’s sex life. I’ve sent the staff to lunch for the next 90 minutes - I do hope that’s enough time for you to be…satisfied - so no one will be listening in for a bit. Goodbye.” Mycroft rang off.
“I’m going to crush that baby right out of you!” Harry was 19 and a strong Alpha. It took one shove to get John onto the floor and she held him down with her foot on his abdomen pressing harder and harder until John cried out in pain.
John didn’t think, just immediately pulled his mobile from his jacket’s inner pocket and called Harriet. He’d kept track of her phone number all of these years, although he didn’t exactly know why. It wasn’t as if he’d ever planned to contact or see her again. He hadn’t spoken to her since he’d joined the army.
‘Three continents Watson, my arse!’ Sherlock got on his knees and applied his mouth diligently to John’s cock which began to gratifyingly inflate.
“Serves you right! You’re hurt. No time for levity. Take the medicine and let’s get back to work.” Sherlock said, doing just that.
John was still visually studying the body when the police arrived. He’d noted two puncture marks on the victim’s neck and was certain it wasn’t a natural death. Unable to discover anything else other than the blood on the victim’s collar without getting him on the exam table for a proper look, he waited for Scotland Yard. He wouldn’t disturb the evidence until it had all been properly documented anyhow.
“Yes. Now, open your eyes and sit the hell up so that we can go over this script.” John turned around and began sitting down causing Sherlock to suddenly scramble upwards to avoid having his calves crushed by an impatient John’s backside.
“No. I won’t be discussing this with Scotland Yard,” Sherlock said, annoyed. One mention of the Yard and his erection began deflating almost immediately. Thank god.
“Good! Good! That’s…great, actually,” Sherlock said practically giddy planning their lives ten years ahead.
“Not really. I asked about the fastest way of starting a hive and showed him my list of flowers and that was pretty much it. He had the starter hive delivered two days ago, once the plants had been set up. Which Mycroft’s gardener did for me, by the way. Actually, Mycroft never did name a price. I’m starting to worry.” John did indeed look worried.
“I.” *kiss to one corner of John’s mouth* “Know.” *kiss to the other corner of his mouth. “That.” *passionate kiss on the lips* “What would it take to convince you?” Sherlock asked, sliding his hand across John’s hipbone, bypassing the sticky mess that was now drying on their stomachs, to feel John’s hardening cock.
“It’s not that I don’t want to. It’s just that it might be too much for his heart. He’s very low on blood and needs a little break before you get hungry again.” Moran began.
Ok. This is silly. I admit it's silly. It's middle of the night silly and I'm not even going to delete it. Haven't read it. I'm sure it's full of mistakes. The tone is uneven and the ending out of nowhere.
John had almost made it to the helicopter before he’d been shot so there wasn’t much distance between him and being pulled on board. The helicopter was taking off as they dragged John all the way in.
Waisting no more time, John gripped his cock, pressed the head against Sherlock’s tight hole and began to push.
“Think of something that I might actually do. I don’t need an answer right now. I really don’t. So would you mind ever so much getting back into your car with your drugs, head over to Baker Street and dose my brother again until we can get John back to him? Please.”
Suddenly, it was as if a damn had burst inside Sherlock. He began shouting every thought as it entered into his mind.
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe it’s the way you’re looking at him. Maybe it’s the fact that you said his name with such longing. ‘Jooohhhhhn…’” Becca smirked.
“Well, ok then. It’s settled. Expect a surprise tomorrow night,” Sebastian smiled and began whistling a cheerful tune as he walked away.
Now John began paying more attention to Sherlock’s prostate, causing him to reflexively grind his hips against the towel.
“Ok. What information am I STILL missing,” John said, trying to remain calm. “Do I turn into a wolf during the full moon?”
“No. Wait. That’s not what I meant,” John said, pushing at Sherlock’s chest so that he could get a better look at his face for this discussion.
“We’ll, uh, be going now,” Greg said, grabbing Mycroft by the suit coat and pulling along towards the door behind him.
“Doctor Watson. I apologize for running into you while in pursuit of a criminal. I wasn’t paying attention and it was completely my fault that you re-injured your shoulder.” Sherlock said, waiting impatiently for an answer.
“She never had children of her own. She sort of unofficially adopted me,” Sherlock said, running his hand across another doily, this one on the end table. He looked around the room to see everything covered in doilies.
“Not by half!” Sherlock wrapped his muscular thighs around John’s waist and squeezed, cutting off John’s breath.
“Lick my palm and you’d better make it good because this is going to be very uncomfortable otherwise.”
John stumbled a bit when he realized that Sebastian had been whistling Don’t Fear The Reaper by Blue Oyster Cult. ‘Sebastian certainly had a macabre sense of humor,’ John thought with a laugh. John was at the door to his building without remembering most of the trip. He went inside without giving Sebastian or that song another thought. Tomorrow was going to be a good day. He just knew it.
“What? Surgery?” The chest pain had receded but he was rapidly losing consciousness and fighting it all the way.
“Ooh! Look! Sherlock’s already here! That was fast, even for him. He must have been at St Bart’s, dissecting eyeballs or some other waste of time. Honestly, he needs me. His life is so pointless and boring!”
He pressed his ear to the door; all was quiet within. He knew he had no hope of sneaking past Sherlock without notice but he was going to give it his best try. It was ridiculous, he knew. All of this just to avoid his flatmate but John wasn’t really thinking that well at the moment; all he could think about was getting into that soft, fluffy bed.
“And although it was true that Harriet had been raped by a stranger, she used that as an excuse to hide whom she thought was your real father which would have been your grandfather; he’d been raping Harriet since she was a child.”
“Here. Let’s get closer.” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and practically dragging him behind the falls.
“It’s fine. Trust me, John. I’ve…OOF!” Sherlock had collapsed on top of John knocking the wind out of them both.
“He can bring a client off in under five minutes. They leave singing his praises saying that it was better than intercourse and that they’d never let anyone else suck their cock again because no one could ever compare to Doctor Watson.”
The orderlies pushing the bed looked at each other in silence, the only indication of their thoughts; a quick glance at the patient, then each other, then looking awkwardly away.
“They complained to me and I told them to give Doctor Watson a chance and if they weren’t satisfied, I’d refund their money and reschedule their regular appointments.”
John reached down and grabbed the script out of the box and smacked Sherlock on the back with it then shoved it at him.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s better to use this time to relax. You’ll learn what’s in store for you soon enough,” Moran said, walking away from John.
When they reached Lestrade, they saw that Anderson was in a position that was virtually the same as Sherlock’s. Neither Anderson nor Sherlock would look up preferring to stare at their feet instead.
Sherlock looked at John, focusing on the bridge of his nose, feeling awkward about having been caught staring.
“I can see the baby’s head. Almost there. This was a fast delivery. Most first children don’t make their entrance into the world so quickly.” The doctor soothed.
Sliding tiredly back down against the wall, John handed one paper towel to Sherlock who began cleaning the blood off of his face while John did the same to his own.
“Ok dear heart, time to beat a hasty retreat. I’m about to call Mycroft and it will take him approximately seven minutes to get there.”
“Well, duh. Who didn’t know that already. Me too so we kind of cancel each other out, right? To gays make a straight or something?”
“Sherlock! Where are you? You’re looking for those cigarettes again, aren’t you?” Mrs Hudson said confidently.
“What do you mean, you “can’t justify” having John’s old schedule reinstated?! You’re on the Board of Trustees! The Holmes’ have contributed hundreds of millions of pounds to St Bart’s. Not to mention the expense of new buildings “specializing” in disease control. I think that you CAN but WON’T, correct this…this mistake.” Sherlock huffed.
Throwing some money on the table, they left the pub, their two heads together privately planning a solution to their problem.
John had already burned through every bit of sedation and painkiller that he’d been given. He swore that his heart actually hurt. The insertion point of the Port definitely did.
“John! He took away our son’s reproductive organs without consent. Doesn’t that mean anything to you?”
John’s thrusts were so rough that Sherlock knew that he’d have a bruise in the shape of the railing shortly.
“Iced water coming right up. You’d better be in that bed when I get back,” John said, exiting the bedroom.
“No. I don’t think this is right. I need to find...Johhhn.” That was the last thing that Sherlock said then he was out like a light.
“My poor baby. You’ll be mad when you wake up but you’ll be glad too. Interesting choice Mycroft picked for keeping you out of the way. The good news is that it will be as if no time has passed at all. The bad news is that you’ll have lost at least two days. Don’t worry, pumpkin. I’ll see that everything’s right for you and Doctor Watson.” Becca leaned over Sherlock and brushing his curls back, gave him a chaste kiss on the forehead.
“Wrong answer. Try again, unless you want to go for eighty.” John squeezed the other cheek harshly causing Sherlock to cry out.
Sherlock, looking indignant at being chastised, still knelt down simultaneously with John, to examine the body.
“There’s a bassinet already waiting in Miss Watson’s room. You can hold him for as long as you’d like and put him in his bassinet when you’re ready.”
“But it’s not like I can’t stay in the medical field. I wouldn’t know what else to do anyhow. It’s just…well…my days as a surgeon are over, you know?” John finished lamely.
Anderson lunged towards Sherlock but was stopped by the sudden appearance of a wall in the shape of John Watson.
“It’s not luck. It’s all skill, baby,” John said, tightening his fingers around Sherlock’s cock. Using that tightness, he simulated penetration by creating resistance as he slowly slid his hand down to the root and back up again.
“Did you really think that I hadn’t already thought of that. I considered taping your mouth shut but what if you vomited and choked on it? A dead Doctor Watson doesn’t serve the bosses’ purposes very well, now, does it? No, I’m going to keep you sedated until I can come back to pick you up.” Sebastian began rummaging around in that damned box again.
“When I lick your nipples, like this?” John said, bending forward and tickled Sherlock’s nipple with the tip of his tongue causing Sherlock to groan.
“I thank you for your concern, Sherlock, but I am quite fine as I am. Unlike yourself; I will not literally stumble over a mate. And I’m more than capable of managing my weight on my own so I’m afraid that your pathetic attempts to drag me into an argument in the hopes of wearing me down until I give in to you, are for naught. Another time, perhaps?” Without another word, Mycroft walked past Sherlock, the tapping of his umbrella fading into the distance until it could no longer be heard.
You are very welcome for the gift. When I saw it, I realized how perfect it would be for you knowing your love of the antique accouterments of your profession. It would be my pleasure to meet you for tea tomorrow at the coffee shop.
“That’s just as well, love,” John said, pulling Sherlock’s head against his chest. “You don’t want to remember her that way. She’ll always be alive in your memories. You still have that. She’s in your Mind Palace, isn’t she?”
“You’re supposed to rough me up, fist me and fuck me? Well, I guess I should be thankful for the order. No wonder no lube is specified for intercourse. Sounds like there will be plenty inside of me before we even get to your cock.”
“I planned you being a dumb arse and getting a splinter rammed up you back? Really Sherlock? You’re reaching.”
Pulling out of John, Sherlock went and dampened two flannels; one for himself and the other for John and set about cleaning them up.
“So how do I know that? Well, you had to have a physical before you could join the army and notes were made of the many scars and burn marks on your body. Marks that clearly weren’t self-inflicted. Following that back to your childhood, well, you had a disproportionally high visit to hospital when compared to your uncle.”
“That’s it. You like it! You like the attention. You do! That makes you no better than him! Encouraging him by meeting with him!”
“Ah hah!” John held up an item sealed in plastic with the word “sterile” stamped on it over and over, and tossed it on the bed. He gave Sherlock an impatient look.
“Of course it’s true!” John placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips and faced him back towards his chair.
“No? I told you to read it first before agreeing to it, didn’t I?” John sucked on Sherlock’s earlobe and then bit down.
“Just let me do it,”  John said impatiently, setting the jelly aside, he spread Sherlock’s thighs just shy of discomfort. He didn’t want Sherlock’s thighs suddenly snapping shut due to fatigue, after all.
John thought about nothing else after that. He’d cleared his mind. He just wanted to get to wherever they were headed and get this over with.
"I think that I might have to bugger you before we get into the shower. Is the lube in the medicine chest?" I asked.
Pushing Sherlock back down, John licked his way across Sherlock’s sharp hips and smooth, alabaster stomach. Upon reaching his goal, John placed his lips over Sherlock’s cock head and sucked him completely into his mouth in one go.
“Sir, you can’t keep wasting sugar like that and making a mess for the staff to clean up,” the waitress began calmly.
The story of the “late in life” baby had gone over surprisingly well. Everyone in the family knew the truth; of course they did, but they were Catholics and you just didn’t talk about things like that to anyone; other than your closest family member or spouse and even then that was rare. Better to keep up the pretense than accidentally blurt out the truth. It’s not like the child would ever know. Besides, John’s birth certificate clearly listed Bob and Elizabeth as his legal parents and that was good enough for them. A perfectly legitimate illegitimate baby.
“Ok. Out with it. I can’t take the suspense.” John said impatiently. He knew that Sherlock was hiding something.
"Ah. I thought I'd find you up here brooding like Batman, as usual." Mycroft said, tapping his umbrella as he walked to where Sherlock was sitting on the ledge.
“Congratulations. You’re able to get a hard on without doing anything. No mere mortal man can duplicate these results.”
“You’ve lucked out this time, Mister, but I’ll be back as soon as I’ve had a chat with Mrs Turner,” she said hurriedly heading for the door.
“Hello Sherlock. What brings you here at this time of night?” He hadn’t even turned around to see who was coming in. He’d just ‘known.’ Weird.
“I expect all of my employees to adhere to a high standard of service here. If they’re unable to live up to that standard, they’re told to seek employment elsewhere and sent on their way. Doctor Watson, though, is a godsend.”
The stairwells were locked after 6pm so Sherlock had no choice but to wait - impatiently - to take the elevator downstairs to the morgue.
“Yes, but what if it’s not enough? What if I forget her voice? What if I forget how she looks, John?! People say that happens! What kind of son would I be if I can’t remember her and yet at the same time, I can’t stop myself from wishing I’d already forgotten her and I feel terrible for thinking that but I can’t seem to stop.”
“So I just need to introduce myself at the beginning of any relationship I’m thinking of having by saying ‘I’m John Watson and I lost my baby and uterus when my father and sister let me fall down the stairs.’ Something like that? I’m sure I’ll be popular for a safe lay but that’s about it. At least I won’t be lonely,” John said with a sniff and an ironic smile.
“Thanks Mrs H. I’ll let you know how it goes. I might be looking for a fake beekeeper if Sherlock doesn’t understand what it all means.”
John felt the faint brush of lips against his cheek and the scent of vanilla extract that she’d used making the scones.
“That was a bit close, lads. I hope our relief gets here soon or we’ll all have holes in our biceps. Ok, this shot of morphine should hold you over on the ride back in the copter. Just relax and we’ll worry about the rest.” John watched as Sturges relaxed and fell into a fitful sleep.
John smoothed one hand along the firm muscle of Sherlock’s hip until he reached his surprisingly erect penis which he grasped in his fist and Sherlock immediately started fucking it.
Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a small tube of lubricant. Resting the tube in his hand, he slowly twisted the cap off between his thumb and forefinger. Shaking the cap off, John squeezed a generous amount of lube onto his fingers. Taking his other hand off of Sherlock’s cock, he steadied himself against one of his hips and reached around Sherlock’s delicious arse, sliding his finger down the cleft until he’d reached his prize. Sherlock shuddered and moaned.
He had control of his mind and his body, being only transport, had betrayed him by interfering every time he was close to success but he’d come up with a surefire way to get past this - he’d thought. Now, five times later, this was going to be his last attempt. He’d just chalk it up to a failed experiment and then stew over that failure for years. That’s what happened on the rare occasion that something refused be deleted or stay behind the ‘Do Not Enter’ door of his mind palace and it was unacceptable.
This case. It was a complicated puzzle and he intended to enjoy it right down to its last bloody drop. To the outside world, he might seem ghoulish but inside, where it mattered, he not only recognized his ghoulishness but reveled in it.
Sherlock wasn’t in the mood for games and shoved the door open knocking Moran back against the wall with the force of it.
“I don’t think so. Why don’t you tell me what I’m missing.” He was never getting out of this room and he had a call to make!
“John, I’m flattered but I’m a bit over sensitized at the moment. We can pick up the experiment tomorrow.”
John watched as Sherlock crouched over the body of a man covered in vibrant shades of red, yellow, blue, and purple. A bag of  of green powder had been shoved into the victim’s mouth.
John didn’t think that Sherlock sounded all that sincere but at this point, he was desperate for information.
“The case is solved, John! Isn’t that exciting to you?! When was the last time you had this much fun. A man had a foot in his mouth! That has to be worth something.”
“You’ve changed into…” John nodded towards Sherlock’s attire, “pajamas. I wasn’t aware that it was that kind of ‘meeting’,” John finished awkwardly.
“He didn’t seem confused but he was definitely upset. I need to let you know that we’ve taken pictures of John’s injuries, including the boot print. We’ll try to get John to press charges - you know this wasn’t an accident…”
“Seb, I just don’t know what we’d do without London having sprung up through the years building around alleys rather than connecting the buildings as they went,” JM laughed, tossing his now slightly bloodied handkerchief behind him like so much tissue. There were plenty more where that came from. Besides, he was fond of leaving evidence for Mycroft’s minions to scurry behind him to clean up before the cops got there. God forbid they should check for DNA. Wouldn’t THAT be interesting.
How had the murderer…what? Taken? Suctioned? Removed? Syphoned? All of that blood. Around 5,700 milliliters - without spilling a drop - from each man. Sherlock thought back to the state of the victim’s throats. Well, almost without spilling a drop. He was fairly confident that the damage was caused to intentionally hide the evidence of the type of weapon used but even then; the damage seemed…excessive.
“It is,” Lestrade said with a sigh. “Sherlock just like to needle people. Don’t you, Sherlock.” Statement. Not a question. Interesting, thought John. Sherlock didn’t deny it. Even more interesting.
“Don’t be sorry. I neither want nor need your faith in me to accomplish a mission. I will take you and you will thank me for it.”
“It’s ok. I can work around it,” John laughed. “Nice try, though,” John said bending over to undo Sherlock’s belt.
“No. No. That happened just recently. Doctor Watson approached me about the injuries. He was concerned that the violence was escalating and he asked to intervene before something happened that couldn’t be cured by ice and iodine. He’s a very caring individual.
John felt his trousers growing uncomfortably tight. He wasn’t…he WAS! He was getting hard from just a whisper. No! He tried to push Sherlock away but he didn’t get very far.
Sherlock tried following John’s scent through both doors and although he could smell John, he couldn’t tell if he’d used either door recently. Even the vampire scent was deeply embedded here as if it came here every day as well.
“You know, you’ve been talking to me for the past 20 minutes and you still haven’t met my gaze. I’d appreciate it if you’d look me in the eye when you’re talking to me. It’s just proper manners.”
“I don’t want that kid and I never want to see him again. You want him, I’ll sign whatever I have to to get rid of him. I don’t need that reminder hanging around my neck for the rest of my life.”
“Sherlock, she accepted you the way you are, warts and all. You’re only going to make yourself sick going on like this. What if you’d done this differently? What if you’d done that differently? The end result would still be the same. You can’t go back and change it no matter how much you wish you could. She was 84. She had a good life.” John said, stepping forward and using a thumb to catch one of the tears that was silently falling down Sherlock’s cheek.
“Since you both so clearly want me to go to the roof, let’s go.” Sherlock headed towards the window with the fire escape.
Picking up said object, John thrust the rounded tip into the jelly rocking it back and forth, coating the device generously.
He’d also picked up more of that pain killer that Jim enjoyed so much only this time he was going to prep it with 50% saline solution and 50% pain killer and see if Jim noticed. He’d keep John alive for as long as he could.
“I will not be blackmailed into a relationship, Soul Mate or no. I’m going to work now. We’ll talk later.” John turned to leave the bedroom.
“No. No. Nothing like that. It just seems that since we met at the crime scene, I’ve been able to sense where you are and am able to find you. I normally wouldn’t have been able to pinpoint your exact location but I deduced that you’d be feeling the need to drown your sorrows. I could sense that you were…not feeling quite right. That and I also knew that the chances of you being in a pub right now was highly likely.”
“What? No. The pictures should already be on my computer and I’d like your expertise on cause of death.”
“Then I thought, ‘I’ve been going about this all wrong, I need to use a different word to orgasm and that turned out to be the key. I repeat one word over and over in my mind until I’m fully erect, and then I repeat another word until I orgasm. Obviously by then, it doesn’t take as long a chant to achieve results.”
Sherlock tried sensing John again - still nothing. His mobile buzzed letting him know that he had a text. He wasn’t in the mood to play word games with Mycroft right now.
John took another sip and shuddered. ‘God. How do people drink this stuff?’ It was so bitter and strong and it was a double shot besides? He wouldn’t have continued drinking it but didn’t want to insult Sebastian. Especially considering all the trouble he’d gone to to pick it up, not to mention the expense. Still, John knew that there was no way he’d be able to drink the entire cup. It was huge! And god awful.
All of the victims were murdered here on the bank of the Thames. And how could you convince four individuals that the Thames was a good place to get together? Sex and or drugs, obviously. Of course, there weren’t any witnesses. Not any who were willing to come forward, at least. They’d likely been up to no good here as well.
“I hear you alright too bad I have a terrible memory. Hopefully I can retain all of your threats,” Moriarty smiled like a cat who’d gotten into the cream.
“Of course I do. It’s why I moved us over here after all. Just lean back, close your eyes and try to relax.”
“Nothing. I was just thinking about the odds of a body showing up in front of building full of medical staff.”
“The names are fine but I think he’d be better off with ‘John’ as his first name and ‘Hamish’ as his middle name. It flows better and he’s less likely to be made fun of in school.”
“Obviously I knew that they’d never had any intention of keeping it quiet. That’s what I was counting on. They were each too smug for that. It was more important to them to brag about their amazing cock skills and how even a pro preferred them to the others. As if there’s any skill required to have your cock sucked. Imbeciles.” John rolled his eyes.
“He’s here full time. He makes more here in a week than he’d make in an entire year working in a clinic and he’s found a niche market that he’s cornered. As I said, he’s very good. Very talented. It’s almost supernatural at times. How he doesn’t have lockjaw by now, I don’t know.” Irene said, admiration clear in her voice.
"They don't know about it - yet. We'd like to remain invisible to the public eye. Humans wouldn't take kindly to finding out that Vampires and Dhamphirs are real. It's in the best interest of all parties involved that news such as 'woman completely drained of blood found in field' remain unsubstantiated.
“But I’m comfy.” Sherlock replied, wrapping his silken robe more tightly around his half naked body.
As is my tradition: Midnight fic writing. Not beta'd and most definitely not brit picked. Hell, I'll be lucky if I remember even writing this. It's quite possible that I'll delete once I've gotten some sleep.
“That’s wonderful! Molly! You’re brilliant. That matches my deductions exactly! Thank you so much, couldn’t have done it without you! Tah.”
Sherlock just stared at him as if that was the oddest thing he’d ever heard, then he shivered all over and said;
“We need to have a plan in place before your father gets home. I doubt he’s going to take it any better than Harriet did.”
“Yes. Yes. However, we both know that I’m smarter than you so the odds of you picking out not one, but two words that would repeat the results of the original experiment? Highly unlikely. I’d go so far as to say that it’s impossible. Don’t feel badly about it. I doubt that even Mycroft could figure it out. “What a thought! Strike that!” And here, Sherlock shuddered.
“How did you manage to lure them out? They already had a sure thing by seeing you here. Irene would have blacklisted the four from ever entering the establishment again and then fire you for freelancing. What would make it worth the risk?”
First looking heavenward, Mycroft returned his gaze to Sherlock’s angry face and with a put upon sigh, said;
Without waiting for an answer, John grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s hair and dragged him to the bedroom floor; script fluttering down after him.
“I’m going to have to move you onto your back again, John. Let’s can see if elevating your legs helps the situation at all. Otherwise, I’m having a gurney sent up here and taking you to A&E. Ok?” When John didn’t respond, Sebastian turned him gently on his back, arranging the pillows. He stepped back to look at John’s pale face, his eyes shut tight with pain.
“That’s better. Now, listen closely…” John said, pulling Sherlock closer to him. He applied kisses to Sherlock’s neck and cheek, finally ending at his earlobe and giving it a leisurely suck.
“Not to mention the fact that I’ve been playing this game a lot longer than you. Why, you’re practically a baby when compared to me,” Moriarty snickered and proceeded to open and dump more sugar packets onto the table. A waitress came over to chastise him.
“Oh. Sherlock’s a menace alright. Even to himself. His older brother, Mycroft, worries about him constantly.” Lestrade said, taking another drink of his second beer of the night. John was making due with scotch. Beer wasn’t going to touch the pain that he was in and Lestrade was buying so…
Suddenly, Sherlock’s fingers tightened in John’s hair pulling him against his pelvis so hard that his cock hit the back of John’s throat causing him to gag.
“Well, that must be why we still have so much of it. Come on. I’m not recommending this as a cure but for today, I think you need a little something to take the edge off. Alright? Trust me. I’m your doctor.” John smiled at him.
Spreading Sherlock’s cheeks again, John slowly eased the closed speculum inside of his rectum until it was firmly seated against his anus and could go no further.
"I am not cheating, Sherlock. You're just god awful at this game. HAH! Paper beats rock!" John exclaimed, putting his hand over Sherlock's fist.
“That’s not in the script. Now, get up. I’m not asking, Sherlock,” John said, releasing Sherlock’s hair again and standing up.
“Probably because of this very reaction,” John said. “Although I thought for sure that you’d heard of it before. You’re always doing “research”, aren’t you?”
The woman pushed so hard that the veins in her forehead stood out. Suddenly, she felt great relief as the baby was expelled. She lay back, exhausted.
John paused, hand on the doorknob, and turned around with a look on his face that was so angry that Sherlock almost questioned the wisdom of pushing John on this. Almost.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked, bringing his tear stained face up to look John in the eye. From this angle, Sherlock seemed smaller than him. More like a wounded child than an adult and John hugged him to himself saying;
“Oh no! I gave you my cup of coffee. Let’s switch, I swear that I don’t have cooties.” Sebastian laughed as he tried to hand his coffee to John.
“Good,” John said, wrapping his lips around Sherlock’s cock and sucking him into the back of his throat.
“How can you NOT know it? I could smell him from a block away. Not an old death but not exactly a fresh death either. Look at the way that blood is still bright red on his white shirt collar, the not quite coagulated blood on his neck…”
"Clean as a whistle, inside and out," I joked as I placed both of my hands on his shoulders and began pulling him down on my cock while I surged upwards.
Not beta'd. Not Brit picked. Not reviewed at all - even by me. I wanted to post it right away for those who have been patiently waiting for the end. You know, the people who don't give a shit about edits and want the finished story NOW NOW NOW! Warts and all. So, here you go.
Sherlock had waited as long as he could stand and then he just shoved his way into the hospital, ignoring anyone in his way.
“He’s very popular with the youngish clients. They want a father figure to dominate them and he fills the bill completely. It’s actually difficult to get on his schedule but he’d heard that you’d be coming in this week and volunteers were sorely lacking. He loves a challenge.”
“Calm down, John. I’m celebrating my upcoming time off and it’s not like I’m going to keep up this level of service. One, you wouldn’t accept it, two, you’d force money on me because you felt guilty, and three, I couldn’t keep up with the expense of doing this five days a week.” Sebastian laughed, handing John his coffee.
“It was, but sometimes I enjoy mixing business with pleasure. That, and I couldn’t think of any other way to get you to stay still. You’re burning up,” John said sternly.
“Dhamphirs are very rare. Your kind finds my kind to be a delicacy. Are you trying to tell me that you weren’t tempted to take a drink? Not once?”
He’d just finished making the Y incision when he felt the same chill run up his spine that he’d felt when Sherlock Holmes had seemed to appear out of thin air. The man was a pompous arse but had impressed John with his quick diagnostic capabilities although that didn’t mean that it was anything more than a lucky guess. John didn’t think so but only time would tell.
“That’s it. Don’t get yourself all excited. Have some water and cool down,” John said, tipping the bottle up forcing more water into Sherlock.
“Nah. That’s ok. I’m good. My flat is within walking distance. I think I’m going to head home now,” John said standing up.
This was not said smugly, it was just a statement of fact but the auburn haired woman didn’t take it that way; a brief look of annoyance crossing her face before her placid mask snapped instantly back into place.
"More of these murders are committed by vampires than not. I'm doing your job for you. Stop being an arse. You're interfering with my concentration. Now go away." Having never turned his head around, Sherlock made a vague shooing gesture with his hand in Mycroft's general vicinity.
“If you let those doors close before I get there, you’re on your own for whatever fun you have planned for the rest of the day.”
“No. It’s the first time I’ve met him but apparently he’s been watching me for quite some time and finally decided to start leaving notes to get my attention…”
“Sherlock, why don’t you head to the roof while I see Mrs Hudson safely down the stairs. I’ll meet you up there.”
Irene nodded and without a word, began leading Sherlock to his latest, possibly last, intimate encounter with one of her staff.
Sherlock had always begun waiting for John at 10pm. It wouldn’t be like John to leave early but he’d rather be safe than sorry.
"You know you're my little bitch and you'll do whatever I tell you. Isn't that right?" I gave his hand a slightly firmer squeeze to emphasize my meaning.
“About this “Dhamphir” thing. Mind telling me what that’s supposed to mean?” John asked, deciding to continue humoring the man.
“Oh. Um. Congratulations?” The bartender, Will, replied nervously. This was definitely NOT a happy occasion for John.
“Whoah. Their coffee is expensive and you bought me a  large? You have to let me repay you this time. I feel like I’m taking advantage of you. What do I owe?” John asked, feeling a bit awkward at being bought something but never contributing back. An inexpensive cup of vending machine coffee was one thing but this kind of expense was ridiculous and it made John very uncomfortable accepting it.
“Just humor me. On the one in a million chance that I can pin you and fuck you, give me your safe word.”
Sherlock ran his hands through John’s hair and moaned in pleasure. If John’s enthusiasm was anything to go by, this was shaping up to be the best blow job he’d ever had, he thought.
“I need to bite you, Sherlock. I want to drink down your excitement. Would you like it if I bit you here?” John asked, placing a kiss on Sherlock’s femoral artery on his inner thigh.
Becca, who had picked up the butterfly IV needle, just gave Sherlock a serious look and continued. After flushing the line, and finished hooking everything up, she hung the IV bag over the bedpost and opened the stop cock to let the drug start slowly flowing into Sherlock. He was going to be really angry about this news and she wasn’t looking forward to telling him.
“It’s amazing. You’re amazing! It feels so good! I wish it could go on forever!” Sherlock said desperately.
“That, I seriously doubt can be arranged without a copious amount of drugs and alcohol. Time to call Mycroft. I’ll be ready and waiting when you get here.” Irene said and Becca could hear the smile in her voice.
“Sherlock. Calm down. You’re right. I was wrong not to trust your intuition and I’m sorry but apologies aren’t going to bring John back so gather up all the evidence you can find and bring it to my home. We’ll go through it first and then have it analyzed by forensics.”
John then undid his own belt, pushed his trousers down - to hell with his shoes and socks - and lay his hot cock against Sherlock’s who moaned in response.
“So, wait. Did you just give me the long version of ‘if you touch my arsehole, you’ll be drawing back a stump?’”
“Dhamphir aren’t as easy to catch as Doctor Watson was and…you might lose your leverage with Sherlock Holmes if you kill his mate.”
“Here you go.” Sebastian said, hands full of sugar packets, placing them in front of John on his desk.
“Oh for…just stop it, will you? When that pain finally hits your tiny dinosaur brain, you’re going to regret this even more,” John said, waiting to see what Anderson would do next.
“Don’t be coy. My name is Sherlock Holmes and I’m a Consulting Detective, the only one in the world, and you’ll find that I don’t have a sense of humor so kindly remove yourself from that body before I remove you myself,” Sherlock said calmly but with deadly sincerity.
“Christ, how many of these are there?” He asked with a forced laugh. He wanted to be, well, if not cheerful, but certainly not morbid, around John. This was something that he should be doing alone.
John stopped what he was doing and looking up at Sherlock, asking suspiciously; “And just how would you know that?”
His heart full of love and admiration for John, Sherlock returned the smile watching as John slowly crossed the room to his side.
“We should probably just let him rest a day or two to build up those red cells. I’d hate to have him die on you. I know that you’re really enjoying him but he can’t even remain conscious anymore. I’ll take care of this for you, boss. Can I get you a snack while I’m at Bart’s?” Moran asked, rolling the capped tubing and taping it to John’s chest to keep it from coming undone and killing John. It wouldn’t go over well if he came back only to find that John had bled out all over the floor because he hadn’t secured things properly.
“Oh. Did you hit yourself on my head while I was trying to get comfortable? I’m soooo sorry,” Sherlock said, a wicked grin on his face which was followed swiftly by a pillow knocking his head back.
Sherlock gave John an annoyed looked but continued with what John considered a load of bollocks by a clearly disturbed man.
“I’ll give you a nicotine patch later if you’re good,” John wheedled having absolutely no intention of allowing Sherlock any more nicotine in any form tonight. He didn’t want to go to hospital either.
These men were just beating my employees for their own malicious pleasure which was in no way related to sex,” Irene said, eyebrows lowered, an angry look on her face.
“Yep. Gave it to him myself. For someone who’s not ‘alarmed’ by sex, I find it amusing that he initials all of his books on page ’69.’” Irene and Becca laughed together.
“Moriarty, stop this right now. It not only makes you look juvenile but it’s drawing unnecessary attention to us,” Sherlock said, annoyed.
“Oh Bob, look at him! He looks just like you!” She held the baby up moving the blanket away from his face so that Bob could see him better.
“The only difference is that I had sugar put into yours but we both got an extra shot of espresso. Let me just get you some sugar from the break room. There are always loads of packets in there. That way we won’t have to switch. Sound good?” Sebastian asked.
“You’re joking. You actually believe in vampires and whatever the hell this Dhamphir thing is?” John asked, laughter still in his voice.
John entered the flat, taking in all of the scientific equipment crowding the kitchen and the books stacked into precarious towers. Other than the furniture, there wasn’t an empty spot in the flat.
