“It’s not a problem. This is how things should be. You bring home the bacon, and I spend it.”
“I want him back, too,” Dean continued steadily, “But we can’t go there again, not after we just fixed things—”
“I hope you know I said
“So you and Lisa, huh?”
“Do you think it’s possible this is Chuck? Or—” Sam stopped spiraling long enough to process what he’d just said. “What did you just say?”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Jack said. “How do you know Cas?”
“But that was years ago.”
Cas wasn’t hungry. Charlie cleared her throat and he looked at her. She glanced at Dean and then back at Cas like
“What?”
Cas’s book fell to the floor, and neither of them noticed.
“Dean, you don’t know what you’re saying,” Cas said holding the hand Dean had touched close to his chest, “You would be much better off without me. You could do anything you wanted now— you could go back to hunting, normal cases, with Sam. You could open-up a bar for hunters. You could retire in Hawaii. You don’t need me.”
“Are you tired?”
“I was trying to lookout for you, Cas. You always like the shittiest guys who don’t deserve you. Crowley used to make you write his essays.”
“Why don’t you be friends with Lisa?”
But Dean didn’t know what to do. This stupid cliffside was the only thing around, and there were suspicious sounds inside, but how was he supposed to break through? Claw through the rock until his fingers were nubs? He’d given so much of himself, for his family, for the world, for Sam.
“Shut up, Sammy. You’ve pulled this parent trap shit before,” Dean dug into his chili.
“You’re so nosy.”
Shannon and Sam sat at a table for two, turned to face Dean.
He heard the crackle of a fire, coming from inside the rock.
“Hey, Cassie, Dean-o, come back here for a sec. When you hooked up the other day, who actually initiated it? It was Dean, right?”
Sam tried another station.
said so matter-of-factly by Cas ringing in his ears, but he managed to stay present enough to say,
“He’s Dean’s best friend,” Sam clarified then turned to Dean, “Did he really kick you out? What the hell are you fighting about? Please tell me it’s not something immature and stupid—”
Dean’s smile turned into a chuckle, and now Cas was really worried. Was this a mental breakdown? Cas hesitated, wanting to pull Dean into a hug but knowing it’s the last thing he should do.
He was so shocked he lost his grip and Dean dropped to the floor. Cas scrambled to pick him up again and help him to his bed.
Dean held the bottom of the bottle against his thigh and attacked the foil with new vigor. God, this shit was hard to peel off. He bent over to get a better grip.
“I know. You wouldn’t do that to anybody, much less a child. Dean. You were just a child.” Dean suddenly felt like he could cry, like he was seventeen, standing alone over a pile of broken glass and ashes. The weight of Cas’s hand in his kept him tied to the present.
“Oh so mature Dean— Dean, wait, you don’t actually have pictures right?”
“Right, you too.”
he willed himself, but before he built up the nerve, Cas spoke.
“Jack. . .Dean is glad you’re here. You know that, right?”
“Hey, guys!” Laura grinned as she approached the table, either not noticing the tension or not caring. “Happy birthday, Sam. God, being 22 is the best. I hope you don’t mind, I brought my best friend Lisa tonight. She just couldn’t wait to meet Dean.”
“You’re just saying that to make me feel better.”
“Cas, wait. Are you sure you should just—” Sam followed.
“I want to be friends.”
“Fixed it last week.”
Jack said he brought everyone back, so Dean wasn’t that worried. He wasn’t sure what Jack had meant by “everyone”, but when he asked, Jack refused to answer (clearly, he was ready to be God). Still, Cas would be the first on Jack’s list to bring back. Dean wasn’t that worried about it.
Sam stepped in front of Dean, blocking his view, “What the hell happened?”
“Is that what he told you?” Gabriel had a gleam in his eye, but his smile was sad. Like this was hard to say. Like it was true.
“I didn’t… ” Dean tensed and locked eyes on the champagne. “I came in here to get a bottle of champagne.”
“No. He doesn’t want to be found. I think… it’s for the best. He’s better off without me. Let’s just go home.”
But this morning, for some reason, it was 5AM and he was wide awake staring at his ceiling and thinking to himself,
“You’d have to ask him. It was time for me to move out, okay? Look Sammy, I’m glad you’re home but can we postpone this reunion ‘til breakfast?”
But did Cas know? Would he bring it up tonight? Was this dinner a chance for him to let Dean down easy? Dean had deluded himself a lot in the past, but he couldn’t fool himself into thinking Cas would feel the same. Dean remembered the way he smiled at him when he said
Dean turned and looked Cas up a down. This time, he wasn’t checking for sauce. He took his time, looking from his crisp lines of his tux pants up to his broad, square shoulders. He couldn’t hide his smile.
Their fight wasn’t about that. But now that Dean didn’t have to worry about class, he started hanging out with a new crowd of people. He partied all the time. Dean’s room in their apartment was either empty or occupied by two. It didn’t bother Cas, little did when you grew up with Gabriel. Cas got up around 2AM to grab a glass of water and found Dean asleep on the floor. He’d regret that sleeping position in the morning. Cas gripped him tight and raised him from the living room rug. Dean woke up just enough to smile at him softly.
“I’m president of Pi Kappa Alpha,” Chad said, “so I always throw the parties. I have to get the kegger, but it’s no problem to haul in my Chevy. Uh… when I’m not at a party, I’m at the gym. I bet, uh, I bet you work out Jack. Because you’re so hot.”
“We sure are lucky guys. This job will be easy,” Dean grinned.
He missed Cas. He needed to see him, and pull him into his arm, and tell him how much he mattered. He wanted to hold his hand. He wanted to tell everyone, and he wanted to tell Cas. He never got to tell Cas.
Cas reached for the bottle of wine and refilled his glass.
Dean stood when Sam entered and shoved the coffee in his hand.
When Sam returned to the bunker that night, Logan and Malia took one look at his sappy smile and handed Kelly twenty bucks.
Dean looked down. He was wearing a white t shirt, red sweatbands, and red gym shorts. He looked back at Sam and shrugged.
Cas was at a loss for words.
“Shocking,” Dean said, relieved that Cas said it first, “Uh, yeah. That was freaking crazy. I mean you and that guy were all— and you looked so— uh, it was crazy. Especially since I’ve never met a gay person before, and growing up dad was not exactly open minded. But these past few weeks I googled some stuff… And I guess, even that night, I was mostly pissed that you’d been lying to me. I kinda tell you everything, man.”
“If you wouldn’t mind,” Dean said, sliding into a chair and reaching for a muffin. He pulled down the wrapper and took a bite.
It was a list of requirements for the Stanford English Ph.D. program.
“Sam,” Dean put a hand up, “We should Cas handle this.” He watched Cas walk toward the hallway with a small smile, “He’ll know what to say.”
“Dean, there’s no time to change,” Cas caught up to him before he got to the entrance.
“You guys are getting worked up over nothing. Cas, dude, just tell them you and Dean are pranking us,” Garth leaned forward and patted Cas’s hand.
But he couldn’t sacrifice himself to solve this. And for the first time in his life, he didn’t want to.
The light faded, but Cas still looked golden.
Cas stared at Dean with a furrowed brow. Dean pushed the plate to the center of the table, but no one reached for a burger. The air was tense. Not even Gabriel wanted to break this silence.
Sam and Dean looked at each other. That couldn’t be a coincidence.
“I stood outside your dorm for hours. I was scared you’d tell me to get lost, and that’d be it.” Dean looked at his beer, “I don’t know what I would have done without you. I guess I wanted to say thanks. For always being there. Even when you had every right to tell me to get lost.”
“Cas. . . we weren’t like that last year, right?”
Sam slowly turned to Shannon. She smiled, knowingly.
“No need to thank me. We came here to ask for your advice,” Cas suddenly seemed more vulnerable, more human, as he looked at Claire and said, “Jack told me he was gay this morning. How should I support him as a father?”
Dean was the first to pull back, “I swear to Christ if that was a goodbye kiss—”
“Oh. Jack.”
Jack turned around and aimed his glare at Cas.
“Don’t be stupid,” Dean said, “We don’t know he’s wearing a trench coat. And you could print some pictures of him that we could take around—”
Eileen is finally in this chapter, and I debated how to write her dialogue since she mostly signs. Just assume most of the characters can sign, and Eileen is always signing :)
In the end, Dean made it work.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Last night, everything was perfect.
“He has his memory wiped, we need to find him now. He’s probably all confused and he could be hurt, or attacked, and he wouldn’t even know how to—”
“I’m trying to be a good father for my son. And maybe you can’t recognize that because you’ve never seen it before.”
“Eileen, please just—”
He drove for about an hour, according to the clock in his car which was apparently still working. He turned on the radio and was pleasantly surprised it still worked and still got classic rock.
“No,” Dean choked out. “No.” His eyes darted around Cas’s face, committing every inch to memory, “Nothing is wrong. We’re… like you said.”
But would they?
Dean and Cas sat at the bar; heads bent together over their drinks.
Dean kept his eyes on the road, and shifted his hands to ten and two on the steering wheel. If he was focused on driving, he wouldn’t have to focus on anything else, like this conversation. Or the concerned crease on Sam’s forehead.
“Maybe you two should have a brotherly bonding moment,” Kelly suggested.
“Tonight is gonna be great. You’re gonna show up, looking hot as hell, and he’s going to realize what a stupid, immature, dick-headed, asshole he was. And if he doesn’t, I’ll tell him.”
Yet, Sam felt a chill down his spine, because he suddenly realized something was very, very wrong.
“It was Carmen Porter, dude, I couldn’t leave any details out. Well, hey, now that I know you’re gay, you’re gonna tell me stuff too, right?”
Cas smiled into his glass. His brother had his flaws, but at least he always committed to the bit.
“It rained last week. I bet your gutters need cleaning.”
Lisa. Dean recognized her immediately from the pictures on Laura’s phone.
“Getting to Cas was the hard part,” Dean said, accepting a drink. “Really hard. But once I found him, it was no problem. Jack made him a door, and that took us to your damn linen closet.”
Cas cut himself off when Jack suddenly wrapped him in a hug. Cas hugged him back.
“Gee Cas, if I knew you were this good in the kitchen I would’ve let you play chef much sooner.”
Malia leaned forward, “Can you tell us more about this case? Who are we trying to save?”
“I figured,” said Sam. He glanced at Dean, who was looking around the room like Jack might pop up behind the couch.
“Why Claire?”
They moved onto the living room next. Sam spotted it first. It was displayed on the bookshelf. The last piece of the Joyous Discus.
Their friendship had survived so much. But he knew it couldn’t survive this.
It broke through the rock, exploding in a shower of rubble, just as the chorus of the song kicked in. Dean ran in right after the car, in case the stupid rock could mend itself. He wasn’t taking any chances.
The Roadhouse was the perfect place for a party. Dean’s ‘Shit Sam Likes’ playlist lightly played through the speakers, candles flickered from the center of the tables, Ellen served the drinks, and Dean served the burgers. All of Sam’s Lawrence friends and neighbors were invited, and most were there standing around, chatting in small groups. Even Michael was there, chatting with Luc, Sam’s old boss, by the chip bowl.
The corners of Cas’s mouth twisted up, “I think you’re the husband of the month.”
He was prepared to break the door open, but he wasn’t prepared for the door to be wide open already.
“No, Dean’s really upset,” Sam said. Garth chuckled.
Cas and Jack sat at a small table by the biggest window. The street outside was busy, despite the cloudy, grey sky. People in thick coats walked past, some laughing with each other, some with headphones in, some with serious expressions. Jack loved to people watch. He stared out the window, and Cas joined him.
“I think it would be lonely.”
“I understand that we have a unique relationship, but I want you to know that I support you. I hope you always feel comfortable being your true self around me, and I’m sorry I haven’t said it sooner.”
Sam and Dean shared an encouraging look, and Dean opened the door.
Dean kicked the dirt. Sam flipped through his list.
Three weeks into their fall semester, Dean dropped out. He said it was because he sucked at school but Cas suspected it had more to do with the money he wanted to save. Bobby was injured and retired, and Sam had his sights sets on Stanford. Dean didn’t tell anyone else he dropped out. Instead he accepted the usual tuition money Bobby sent, and put it in a savings account in Sam’s name.
“Where are they?”
“That was some show. I’m surprised you didn’t start rolling around on the pool table.”
“You were in poop,” the kid giggled to himself.
“Nothing to do but move on,” Dean said, stabbing his fork through his eggs.
Dean grabbed the phone, “Sam and I are actually in the neighborhood right now. Maybe we could stop by.”
Dean held out his hands, “What the hell are you doing here? And why did you call Sam, and ask him not to tell me?”
Cas opened the door to Jack’s room.
“Is it?”
“I don’t care—”
Cas wasn’t satisfied with these answers.
“Is this true?” Jack turned to Cas.
Dean looked back at the cake. He needed to get out of here before he accidently made a sudden movement and sent the whole thing toppling. He stepped around Cas and walked to the other end of the table.
“No. You were right. I live in a fantasy world. That’s why I slept with you. I looked at you and saw what I wanted to see. That’s who I was in love with. Fantasy you. That’s who I was friends with. I deluded myself for years obviously, because the real you is a selfish asshole who isn’t worth my time. And you know what? My life would be so much better if you were out of it. I think all of our lives would be.”
“They need a home. We have a home. Sure, this is last minute, but we’ll be like foster parents. We can make it work. Logan, Malia, and Kelly can set up their room while we make the drive. We’ll need a car seat. Maybe we could borrow some of Henry’s old stuff. Cas. . . if they get sent to actual foster care, there’s a chance they could be split up.”
Cas was alive, and they would leave the Empty hand in hand. Everything worked out. They could go reunite with Sam, and Dean would have everything he ever wanted.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and smirked, “That was a good look for you, too.”
They glared at each other. Dean blinked first.
Cas followed Gabriel to their seats but he couldn’t look away from Dean. He’d put on court clothes too, a button-down and slacks, and his green eyes were the brightest thing in the room. Dean gave him an encouraging nod, and Cas took his hands out of his pockets. They weren’t shaking anymore.
“Why are you bringing that?”
Dean didn’t miss a beat. He turned back to Cas and looked at him like he’d just stabbed him in the back.
“You can do anything you want. We both can. Who gives a shit what we do? It’s about who we do it with.”
The scene faded to black.
“Eh, can’t complain. Happy birthday! Thanks for letting me crash your party.”
Dean started to wrap it, but then suddenly there were three more pieces in front of him. There was either more chocolate on the belt, or the belt was going faster, or maybe a combination of the two. Dean couldn’t think about it too hard, as he picked up the three pieces with one hand and shoved them in his mouth.
Dean couldn’t talk about it, not over prayer. He already felt stupid enough.
Cas smiled from his table, where he sat next to Logan, Malia, and Kelly.
“Are you working on your summer reading?” Dean asked, sneaking up behind him.
Dean was officially in over his head. Cas just freaking confessed his love to him. What the hell was he supposed to say to that? The truth? The I love you, too? Yeah, right. Then Cas would give up Stanford and Dean would screw things up again and Cas would have missed out on another opportunity of a lifetime.
“Okay, I see what’s happening here. They’re trying to mess with us,” he said.
“Because I thought you wanted to ‘move on’. I thought it would be painful to you if I talked about it.”
Claire wanted to laugh. She
Sam stood outside the Pittsburg Public Museum. It was midnight, and he was pretty sure he’d disabled every security camera. He didn’t have a lot of time to case the joint, so to be safe he pulled a black ski mask over his face. This needed to be a quick, easy job. He had to get back to the motel before Dean got suspicious.
“Yes,” Cas blinked, almost mechanically, “I think we both learned a valuable lesson today.”
Charlie paused, “No. Why? Is he okay?”
The question hung in the air.
His head snapped up, and he met Dean’s gaze.
“I recognize those masks,” Dean said, “Dad’s journal.”
“Cas,” Dean put a hand on his arm, efficiently shutting him up. Cas still looked worried, but Dean had an easy smile, “It’s okay. I was fired.”
“Then why did you tell Crowley from my poetry class that we were dating in college?”
“I remember that chapter,” Sam nodded, like a nerd, “that’s why I started doing a deep dive into possible artifacts. This Joyous Discus thing is pretty promising. There’s a myth about a lost soul who put his hand in the center of the plate, and he was transported to the lowest place in the world where he was never happy again.”
He couldn’t let Cas choose him again. He couldn’t be the reason Cas gave up another dream. He wasn’t worth it. And maybe Cas thought he was now, but in a few years, he’d realize Dean just held him back. Cas would resent him. Cas would hate him. And it would be too late to fix things.
Dean’s lucky day. “Nah, I’ll grab a burger somewhere. You go.”
“We don’t know
“Right. Thanks, little dude. Sam was never afraid to go after what he wanted. And when he wanted something, he wanted it with everything. With his whole heart. And let me tell you, big guy, even bigger heart. Shannon, I see that in you too. You’re a dedicated friend, mother, professor. You’re the funniest in the family, and also the smartest. You make loving people look easy, which takes a special sort of heart. And yes— sorry, Sam, but I had a few shots before I got up here. This shit is hard to say,” the audience laughed.
“Well, what kind of jobs do you have open?” Dean asked. Sam side eyed him.
Cas leveled a look at Dean. The audience chuckled and ‘ooh’ed.
His mouth quirked up at the corner and he leaned even closer, one hand braced on the back of her chair so he could whisper in her ear.
“You can stay for the ritual if you control the kid. This guy’s got a steel grip,” Dean said.
“I met someone.”
“You didn’t screw up,” was all Cas said.
“He said the door would take me home but—”
“The book said the candles have to smell like lavender.”
The guest list was very selective. Gabriel, his girlfriend Laura, Anna, Garth, Jo Harvelle, Dean, and Cas. They sat down in the formal dining room and when Gabriel snapped his fingers, a violinist stepped into the room and began to serenade them.
“Look,” Sam continued, “Jack showed up, and he was really upset. We tried to ask him what happened but then he refused to tell us. Eileen’s talking to him now in his bedroom, and I think Jack must be messing with our phones ‘cause I haven’t been able to—”
This morning, they had the biggest fight they’d ever had.
“I don’t know about that. But I’ll apply again, and maybe to a few other programs too, just in case. It would mean leaving Lawrence for five years, but I think we could make it work. Then after, I could teach anywhere I wanted. There are colleges everywhere.”
They both took a drink. Sam leaned back in his chair.
“What’s that smell?”
“Are you thinking of happy thoughts?”
Eileen pointed out.
Behind them a door opened up and light flooded into the small room. Now Dean could clearly see the shelves of folded towels in front of them.
“Is Cas there?” Dean asked.
Dean smiled and took another bite of muffin. It tasted like pure bliss.
“Did you get into Brown?”
“Like my father what?”
Inias cursed and Cas promised he’d swear him to secrecy. When Cas left Inias was furiously trying to comb through his hair with a pissed off expression. He always knew their relationship wasn’t going to be forever, but he wished it didn’t have to end like this.
“Before the Empty. . . he said. He said the happiness was in saying it out loud.”
They both ended up at Illinois State College. Nobody was surprised about Dean— they had a decent engineering program, and it was the only school he applied to. Cas, on the other hand, had been daydreaming about Brown University, and their English program, for years. When it came time to decide he knew he’d be happier in Illinois. Of course he told Dean he’d been rejected from Brown. It was easier that way.
“Yeah,” Dean said hoarsely, and let their hands drop between them.
They’d only known each other for a few months, the friendship was fresh, and therefore vulnerable. Looking back, Cas would assign himself most of the blame. Technically, Dean started it, but sixth grade Cas was the annoying asshole who blew it out of proportion.
“You told Gabriel we hooked up? How could—”
Cas paused in the doorway.
“And I love you.”
“Why did you tell me he was your good friend?”
Sam gave Dean a look, “So you and Cas?”
Cas was alone.
“He said he was coming,” Sam said.
Sam wasn’t tearing up and/or pelting him with a million questions about his feelings, so obviously Cas didn’t tell him what really happened. Dean was relieved, but surprised. Cas hated him now, but he was still kind enough to let him come out in his own way. Or maybe Cas hated him so much, he refused to speak his name. Or maybe Cas was already over the fight. Maybe the fight was the best thing that ever happened to him, and Dean was just a distant memory of the idiot he used to know.
“Thank you, Dean. I’m glad you shared that story. I only wish I could have been there with you that night.”
He was an old man.
“Well, what sort of wager?” Sam folded his arms.
“Oh, shit, Cas. You almost had me there. I can’t believe I almost fell for that load of crap.”
“I won’t stop him from dating, but I still want to make sure he’s safe. From what I’ve observed, there are many people on Earth who do not accept homosexuality. I’ve done some reading recently and discovered some troubling statistics. Many young LGBT+ people grow up feeling isolated and alone. How could I best protect Jack from that?”
Jack looked to Cas from the backseat, unsure if he should get out, too. Cas shot him a look that said
“Really?” Dean asked sort of breathless.
At one point in the fight, Dean impaled himself on a rusty nail.
“Fuck,” Sam said.
“Sometimes Jack hangs with us after a hunt. Don’t worry, Frankie’s cool.”
“You know what? Fuck this,” Chad stood, “I can’t believe I took this freak on a date for fifty bucks. Next time, I’m charging you a hundred bucks, minimum, and if I find out you drugged me, you’ll be hearing from my dad’s lawyers.”
“Just some celebrities, you probably haven’t heard of,” Sam said quickly before anyone else (Gabriel) could, “Charlie, how have you been?”
“Yeah. Well, no, but basically. I mean, he and Dean are basically—”
“I think Dean could give us a ride,” Cas said, softly.
“Anna wants to play charades,” Cas said, standing in the doorway, lit up from behind. He’d dressed for the occasion, with a white collared shirt and a blue tie that he’d worn a million times. His sleeves were pushed up to his elbows, and he’d pulled his tie loose, and he was the hottest person Dean had ever seen.
“I think there’s a phone number written on this. Look, it has ten digits. It looks like it was written recently.”
“Have you always hunted with your brother?” Logan asked.
Dean stood in front of the stove with a spatula. He whistled to himself as he scrambled eggs in a pan.
Dean scrambled to the rock, and inspected it. The knob had gone straight through. It created a small hole. He poked a finger into the hole, and brought it back unharmed. He looked through it. The other side was all oranges and reds. The sound of fire was even louder. Was that what the
“Claire, Dean told me you were a lesbian.”
He slept with Cas.
“I suppose,” his eyes drifted back to Dean, who had walked around to Laura’s side of the table to look at pictures of Lisa.
“Is that what this is really about? You’re jealous.”
But Cas called Sam. Cas had to be here.
“Yeah, yeah,” Chad pulled at the collar of his shirt and eyed the sigil carved into his chest. He couldn’t be detected, but he couldn’t use his powers either. “Hey, can you change the color of my vessel’s hair? When I followed Castiel to campus, I saw a human with, like, bright blue hair—”
Dean flipped on the radio.
“I know, but Sam and Eileen will be here tomorrow, and he’ll know if it’s unopened.”
Gabriel still had a passion for throwing parties.
“Cas, listen. That morning, I found your Stanford application in the trash.”
“Let’s get out of the closet first,” Dean said, grabbing Cas’s arm.
Dean and Cas were in charge of food and dessert this year. Cas bought a cake from Costco, and Dean made burgers and let Cas pop the champagne. This time, they toasted to Sam’s successful first year of law school, though Dean also added a toast to Cas’s Stanford acceptance. They decided they’d try long distance at first, but Dean would check out the job situation when he came to visit.
He threw on his clothes, and then poked his head into different rooms of the bunker, until he finally found Cas in the library, head hung low at a table full of books.
“Cas,” he started.
Cas loved the library, even before Inias kissed him in the reference section.
“Sexual partners? You mean a demon and a reaper?”
“—so crazy! I mean it feels like no time has passed, and I have no memories of the afterlife or anything— dude, it’s been five years. Do you know how many Marvel movies I’ve missed? And not to mention—”
Dean left the car, and Sam sighed. He opened his door and stepped out of the car.
“Fine, I won’t. But why didn’t you tell me?”
Crowley was seated behind a large mahogany desk. Sam and Dean sat in two chairs in front of him. Their chairs were shorter than his, so they had to look up to him.
Sam patted Dean’s shoulder, “He hid it for us. And look on the bright side—it’s not fresh.”
“Well, ancient texts are pretty dense,” Dean said.
“I’ll be damned,” Dean said, “Am I still dreaming?”
Cas studied Dean’s face and remembered what it felt like to study his soul. So much love, he could drown in it. This sudden decision about kids, about becoming a parent, pulled the rug out from under him. It felt like he was freefalling, ever since Logan had told him the situation.
“I wanted you to.”
“What’d you say, Cas? Think you’re up for the challenge?”
“Well, if you knew how difficult it was to do the grocery shopping, and cooking, and cleaning you wouldn’t complain so much.” Dean turned around holding a plate of eggs, toast, and, “bacon?”
“Married,” Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and smiled.
“Sorry,” Sam stepped away from the wall, “I didn’t see you. What are you doing out here?”
He wanted to ask, but he also wanted to run as fast as he could in the other direction.
“You’re his father.”
Ellen patted Sam’s back.
“Good luck,” Cas said as Dean pulled a smile out of him. He added with a twinkle in his eyes, “You’ll need it.”
“No thanks needed,” Sam said, while thinking of the stolen gold plate in the trunk of the impala. She’d probably notice tomorrow, and hopefully she’d blame the vampires.
That summer, Cas went back home. It would be harder to avoid him in Lawrence, but not impossible. He just wouldn’t go to all their usual places. At least he knew the library would be safe.
Dean nodded. Then his eyes lit up.
Michael was out of town which meant Gabriel was throwing a party. Inias showed up with a bunch of his baseball friends, and Cas gripped his water bottle a bit too tightly when he didn’t even glance his way. Dean was too preoccupied by the rest of the snack table to notice.
“Wow. Uh- good. Great. That was great, and I want to continue that,” Dean said, pulling away again, “But can we get out of here finally? The staircase is a bitch, unless you’ve seen an escalator around here.”
“Is Charlie here so she can replace Dean? No, wait, you probably asked her here so you could talk about Dean together. Damn. I can’t believe you’d confide in her, while your own flesh and blood have to find out through Sam.”
“Start what?” Shannon asked.
“What were you saying about Cas and Dean?” Kelly asked.
“Have you ever thought about it?”
“If you want to live with a nerd in a shitty dorm, go for it. I’m sure you’re eager for the school to randomly assign you a better friend.”
Dean scrambled up to run after him—but he heard a groan from the ground. The woman— Shannon. She was still alive. But if she’d been bitten, it wouldn’t be for long. Dean glanced between the stairs and Shannon, but he knew what he had to do.
Dean grabbed Cas by the shoulder and forced him to stand and face him. Cas let himself be pushed around. He faced Dean with a vacant expression.
Gabriel was already placing bets on how long it would take for Dean to move to California. He had a hundred bucks that the first time Dean visited, he would move in.
Dean loved sleeping in, normally.
It didn’t work. The gold plate didn’t so much as glimmer in the moonlight.
Dean tightened his grip, “What exactly did he say on the phone?”
Cas buried his head deeper into the couch.
“That’s what they want you to think. It’s the perfect prank, dude.”
They checked into a Pittsburg motel. It’s something they’ve done a million times, but this time Dean had an itch under his skin. He knew research was important blah blah blah, but he was sick of reading. He’d stumbled upon a paragraph about Ancient Mayan artifacts that looked good enough to him, so he was going to pursue it, tonight. First he just needed to sneak away from Sammy for a few hours. But how?
“Be glad you weren’t. I’m an ugly crier,” Dean joked but Cas could see the sincerity in his expression. It wasn’t an easy memory to relive, but he’d done it because he thought it might help. They were still holding hands.
“Why do you need two chairs?” Cas asked, right as Laura entered the Roadhouse, with a beautiful brunette woman.
Dean stopped unbuttoning.
It was worse than Dean thought.
A few people around the diner started looking over.
“Why did you sleep with me if you knew…if you knew that it would matter to me?”
“I should go grab two more chairs. Laura texted me, she just parked.”
While he was momentarily distracted, a second masked vampire appeared from the shadows and tackled Dean to the ground. Dean dropped the Discus. They wrestled for control of the gun.
Dean narrowed his eyes, “What sort of idea?”
“We’d love to help your research but first. . . maybe you should tell us about your personal workout routine,” said a young woman with dyed blonde hair and glasses.
“Shut up,” He glared at Dean and then signed quickly, “He’s joking,”
“Good morning,” Cas said making sure the muffins were on full display. “Would you like some breakfast? Muffin? Coffee?”
“I would’ve sensed something,” Cas explained. Dean didn’t like the sound of that. He eyed Chad suspiciously.
The eggs burned.
Cas couldn’t stop thinking about the fight, replaying it over and over again. No matter how many times he reviewed what happened, he couldn’t understand why it went so spectacularly wrong. He knew Dean, and he could be an asshole sometimes, but never so casually cruel. Maybe the problem was he knew how Dean was as a friend, not a lover.
Dean stayed later than usual at the shop. He’d been working on cars since he was old enough to bring his dad a pair of pliers. When he had an engine in front of him, he had a clear head. He already asked for the weekend off for Sam’s birthday, so today was his last chance to distract himself with work. On his final car of the day, he triple checked the spark plugs and made sure every drop of oil was thoroughly changed.
Raymond and Shannon Blight lived in a two-story house in Illinois. Dean parked the impala two blocks down from their house, then he twisted in his seat to grab a gun from the back.
Cas set his uneaten muffin down, “In my defense, I sincerely tried. I made three dozen muffins this morning.”
Cas caressed his face, “I might ruin everything.”
Dean needed some air, and snuck out to the front porch while Cas and Shannon bonded. Sam joined him after a while, two beers in hand.
“Is she okay?” Sam asked.
“Jack, I’m sorry,” Cas said, “I was just trying—”
Cas titled his head, fondly. He knew what Dean was trying to say. And it made his cheeks warm.
“Dean.”
Dean dropped his menu. He’d heard enough.
“I don’t know why I did it. I just did. And he didn’t say anything. I thought…I don’t know what I thought. I was relieved, I guess.”
“Well,” Laura said, “I don’t know if this is too forward, but my best friend will be in town next week. Her name is Lisa. I really think you guys would hit it off.”
Dean went back to his room.
That was the third red flag.
Cas reached for Dean’s other hand. He squeezed them tightly, let out a shaky breath.
Sam didn’t want to hunt, not without Dean, but eventually Logan, Malia, and Kelly wanted to hit the road again. Sam offered them a deal. They could move into the bunker, use it as a home base, and though Sam wouldn’t hunt with them, he would do research, find cases, and give advice as needed. In exchange, they would continue to help him research the Empty. The three happily agreed.
wished Dad could hear this. This was like twelve layers of irony wrapped around a special middle finger just for him.
Cas didn’t bother knocking. He burst through the door, breaking the lock, but not caring. Dean walked in right behind him. They heard footsteps from the hallway and then Sam was standing in front of them.
“Like a prostitute?”
Dean had screwed up with Jack since day one, what the hell made him think he knew what to do now? He should never have tried to give Cas parenting advice. He should have just studied the menu until it was time to order.
At some point in the night Dean managed to fall asleep, and when he opened his eyes his alarm clock read 10 am. He jolted upright, and threw on the first clothes he could grab. He wasted the entire morning on sleep. He pictured Cas’s face, alone and afraid, and practically kicked his bedroom door open.
Dean stood from the table and followed Cas and Claire into the living room. He could feel everyone else watching them, but then Kaia and Frankie stepped into the kitchen and conversation resumed.
She folded her arms, “I guess…I always knew Jody was cool with it. But when I first started talking with Kaia, Jody was always willing to listen to me freak out and overanalyze shit. I guess that’s when I really realized Jody was, like, the best… is that helpful?”
“If it makes you feel better, I edited his speech, and took out most of the gory details.”
Jo leaned over and blew out the candles.
“He shouldn’t have to deal with this,” Cas defended himself to Claire, “I didn’t want to burden him with my problems. Jack is my child, and I want to raise him, and I don’t want Dean to feel obligated to help me just because he feels sorry for me.”
“Enjoy your drinks,” Juliet grinned at Jack.
After another wasted hour he decided to go off road.
Dean and Sam were in the impala, driving down a long empty highway under a bright blue sky. Sunrays shone through the clouds. Dean didn’t think about it.
“Maybe we should just cut the pie now,” Sam said, reaching for the knife.
I finally finished! :) This was such a fun story to write. It ended up being more angsty and dramatic than I intended, but I hope you liked it. Thanks to the people who left comments, it totally made my day.
“Nosy? You practically shoved it in my face for years, and I never asked questions. I never brought it up. But you know I support you, right? Gay, bi, or whatever. And Cas, too. You guys are good for each other. I should go tell him.”
“They had a decoy made, to protect against robberies,” Sam said.
They all noticed Cas at the same time. He was wearing a white button-up, the top two buttons undone, and navy slacks. Standing next to him was Charlie, his friend from college they’d all met a few times. Sam stood.
Dean sank to the kitchen chair.
The kid perked up at that. Dean noticed.
“Uh,” Dean laughed, “No, I don’t believe in an old guy with a beard on a cloud somewhere. That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. I think Santa is more believable. Someone did tell you the truth about Santa, right?”
“If you’re really Cas… what’s the last thing you said to me, before the Empty took you?” Dean studied his face carefully.
“Maybe I will,” He cleared his throat and adjusted in his chair, “Thanks for letting me know. Would you like to borrow the SAT prep books I used? I also made a few study guides and practice tests, if you wanted those, too.” Sam happily accepted.
Jack had a milkshake in hand. Every time he tapped his pointer finger against the glass, the flavor of the milkshake changed. Chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, and then to red, to green, to black. Chad was enraptured, staring opened mouthed and wide eyed.
Dean stared. Then he folded his arms.
“I met Cas today. We dropped by his classroom,” Eileen said.
“We need the Joyous Discus. Big gold plate. It would be in the archives,” Sam said pointing toward a descending staircase blocked by red velvet. “The museum piece is incomplete.”
It didn’t feel like anyone was listening anyway.
That was it. Those were the only three fights Cas and Dean had ever had.
“You didn’t call him?” Claire turned on Cas.
Dean closed the door and walked closer.
It was no Roadhouse, but the dive bar still looked warm and inviting as Dean and Sam pulled up at sunset. They got out of the car and looked the bar. They could hear music and see a crowd through the windows, but they couldn’t make out any individual faces. They looked at each other. If Charlie was back, who knew what else, or who else, would be waiting for them inside.
Cas’s eyes crinkled at the corners. “You said the same thing when we woke up this morning.”
“Yes. You did,” Cas said, strained.
“Kelly, we said we’d play this cool,” Logan, a 20 something Asian guy in a black button up said.
“All good. I just wanted to give the lady the option. Seriously, I’d be fine out here. The couch is great when I’m not being physically assaulted.”
They waited in the side yard until they were sure all the lights in the house were off. Not much more they could do to prepare. Sam quietly busted the lock on the backdoor, and the two crept inside. Dean had his gun drawn.
Cas was surprised by the outburst. But before he could respond, Dean continued.
“What happened?” Dean demanded.
Sam didn’t say anything. He kicked the sugar on the ground with the side of his foot, breaking the circle, and started gathering up the rest of the supplies. His mind started racing with new ideas they could try. Next time he’d get Tahitian vanilla.
“Isn’t she sort of Jack’s age? Maybe he’d relate to her. Plus she’s a lesbian and everything, so. . .”
“Did you?”
Dean turned to Sam, and held up his drink. Sam clinked his glass against his.
Cas had to navigate his first relationship alone. Who could he tell? Michael was just as deeply religious as their parents had been, Gabriel was too busy going to parties or fighting with Michael about going to parties, Anna was in middle school, and Dean. . . he had no idea how Dean would react.
Charlie grabbed a muffin from the fridge and returned to her pep talk.
Dean sat on the couch, bouncing his leg while Bobby sat in his recliner, drank beer, and watched TV. Dean tried to watch too, but he’d never been a fan of fishing shows. The old guys on the boat were blabbering on about some big catch that slipped away. The sky was grey, but the ocean was so blue.
“Is this the number of the coffee shop?” Jack asked.
Dean sat up and pushed Sam’s bag onto the floor.
“Secret? What? What are we talking about?” Charlie tuned back into the conversation.
“It’s not okay. You didn’t deserve that. You were just a child.”
“So where we headed?”
After the pancakes, and the photo albums, Dean headed to work. Sam gave Eileen a tour of Lawrence, which didn’t take too long. They were done by lunch, and Sam decided to stop by the high school. He wanted to introduce Eileen to Cas. And maybe, if it came up, figure out why the hell Dean would move out.
“Fuck you.”
“I got my full five hours,” Dean shoved a forkful in his face.
Cas dropped his gaze back to his books.
Gabriel brought back two chairs, putting one next to him and jamming the other between Dean and Sam. Lisa slid into the seat next to Dean.
Dean made a noise of agreement and took a drink.
Cas grinned, “I think it’s going well.”
Sam crept slowly inside, wondering if he should risk running back to his car for a better weapon. What if whoever was in here beat him to the artifact? He continued forward.
Dean looked toward Cas and gave him a private grin. Cas looked especially ethereal in the candlelight. He smiled back, and Dean couldn’t look away.
“Hell yeah it was. I needed that, dude. I haven’t had a one-night stand in forever.”
“Oh my god, that was like a million years ago, when I was young and naïve.”
“This random civilian, straight out of American Pie,” Dean paused at the word
“We’re going to Ed’s Diner for dinner,” Cas quickly explained, “and we have to leave right now.”
“What do you think of Lawrence?”
None of them had seen Cas.
“Everyone’s waiting.” Cas said, but made no move to pull away.
“Dean something happened when Jack brought me back,” Cas finally blurted.
“I just want to help Jack, but all of these books make it sound so complicated. And they don’t take into account his unusual circumstances.”
Dean chuckled, “Of course it is. See this is why we never let Sammy plan his own party. It would just be a giant book club meeting. The DJ would play a 9 hour audio book.”
“The moment I saw your soul, something changed. I didn’t understand it then but. . . everything changed.”
“No,” Jack held up a hand, “I know exactly what you were
“Yes ma’am,” Sam and Dean said together.
“You’re human,” Dean said.
“Okay,” Sam said, “It’s possible Cas was just using a phone from South Dakota— but can you think of any other places here he might be? Should we check out some hospitals and homeless shelters or something?”
“Me? This is clearly about you, and the way you wasted years waiting around for your daddy to tell you what to do. You’re in there trying to play God—”
The best part was, he knew Cas felt the same. Last night had been amazing. Now they could bypass all the awkward beginning parts of a relationship and skip to the part where they lived together and had great sex and Dean cooked breakfast and Cas introduced him as ‘my boyfriend’.
Cas turned, right as Dean stepped into the light. He was speechless, just for a moment.
“You’re just kinda staring at me—”
“Oh my god. You made this?” She asked, covering her mouth with one hand.
Sam, Kelly, Logan, and Malia started talking. At first it was about their readings. Logan found a promising passage about types of sugar in rituals, and he and Malia started a debate between powdered and cane. As the dinner break continued, their conversations shifted toward more personal topics.
“I want to give a toast that’s nothing like my brother— short and sweet.” He got a few chuckles. He cleared his throat again, and continued, “Sam and I have been through a lot of hard times together. Our whole lives, really, but even just these last 15 years… we’ve had some crazy shit thrown at us. And we’ve survived it all— mostly. We survived. Sam’s my baby brother but the truth is, I’ve always looked up to him. I used to think life was all about the hunt. I was just a tool, that had to be sharp and ready to kill. Sam was the first person in my life that showed me life can be about so much more. Your life can be about anything you want it to be. Don’t get me wrong— I love the hunt. And sorry Sam, but I’ve got a new hunting partner, and he kicks ass. And he doesn’t bitch about my music all the time. Only half the time.”
Dean got out of the car and walked in a circle. It was just dirt, everywhere, except for the apparently endless road. He tried calling Cas’s name a few times, but nothing happened. There were no monsters, and no Cas. He got back in the car and drove.
Claire stood, “I don’t know. You’ll figure it out.”
“You and Dean will join the workforce for a week, while Cas and I stay at home and take care of things,” Eileen said with smirk. “If Cas and I give in first, you get full control of our next five paychecks. But if you and Dean quit first, you have to check in with us before you buy anything expensive.”
Dean tensed, bracing himself for whatever Sam said next.
“Cas, can I talk to you for a second?”
Charlie watched him leave. She almost went after him, but as soon as the kitchen door closed, Dean jumped out of his chair and followed. Lisa looked surprised, but he didn’t seem to notice.
Cas was struck with a realization. Maybe Jack would like to call her. Jack wasn’t saying anything. Should Cas be saying something? It took all of Cas’s willpower to not jump out of his chair and fly to his parenting books. He’d read chapters about “Your child and dating” but he never took notes on those sections, and now here he was, horribly unprepared.
Laura laughed along, and then asked, “Are you two dating?”
“Looks like the plate is a dead end,” Dean said.
They killed the vampires without breaking a sweat. There were only four left in the nest, and last episode Sam and Dean killed God. So, you know. It wasn’t that hard.
“Dammit, I knew I’d regret—”
As soon as Dean closed the door behind him, Jack’s head popped up from the backseat.
Claire made a face, like she wanted to agree, but she didn’t want to agree with
“What’s up with the feast?” Sam asked, confused but delighted.
“I disagree. You made quite the first impression on me.”
Cas joined Dean on the porch.
But what else was he supposed to do? Live a life alone, with only Cas, the Winchesters and co. as companionship? Jack had a good heart, he was surely capable of falling in love. But love with The Human Bean barista? Maybe Cas was being unfair, after all, Dean slept with waitresses.
“Dean.”
“We need to take our positions,” Cas said from the doorway of the guest room.
“Wait,” Cas pulled back his hands and Dean shut up. Cas looked out the window, “I know where Jack is.”
“Can you fit a car seat in the Impala?” Claire made a face.
Dean looked at the muffin he was holding. He looked back at the sky.
The bunker looked a lot different now.
Cas no longer felt like he was floating. He felt like he was falling.
But he could live with that in quiet pain because what would be the point of telling him? What would Cas do? He’d say thanks and never talk to Dean again, because anything else would be too awkward.
“Sure, yeah. Like the way I looked at you. Little things that bothered me, ways I reacted. I can’t believe you had no idea.”
They had both left the circle of light far behind them. Now they were close to the back doors of the car dealership, in dim, blue light. There were bushes on either side of the door.
“We used to work around the house,” Dean reached over and slapped a hand on Sam’s shoulder. Sam snapped out of his trance. “But we’re looking for jobs because we made a bet with Sam’s wife and my. . . and Cas. Right, Sammy?”
“I wish we never slept together.”
“Because you didn’t explain. You should have told me when it happened. I shouldn’t find out from Meg.” Eileen left the Roadhouse.
“You don’t believe in God?”
“So you three hunt together?” Sam asked.
The party continued, the lights grew dimmer, and the music grew louder. Dean laughed with friends who understood his pop culture references, Inias played beer pong against a cheerleader, and Cas stood alone in the corner. He slipped away to his bedroom because he didn’t think anyone would notice. He was wrong. Two people noticed.
“Dean,” Cas said breathless. His heart was pounding and he didn’t know if it was from the sex he’d been having, or the look of horror on Dean’s face.
“You have a gift,” Dean said then took another big bite. Cas looked very proud of himself.
But when he looked into Dean’s eyes, he was back on solid ground. They could do this, if they worked together. They could do anything.
“That’s as cool as she gets,” Malia, a 20 year old Asian woman in a tattered leather jacket said.
“Don’t let these books mess with your head, man. If Jack was pissed or whatever, he’d tell you. It sounds like he didn’t want to make it a big deal.”
“Caaaas, I’m home,” he called. He heard footsteps, and suddenly Cas burst into the kitchen from the living room door. Dean’s jaw dropped.
“Yeah,” Dean said turning a little flush, “yeah I got that.”
One look at the excitement in Eileen’s eyes and Dean broke.
Especially with Cas. Especially since he’d been attracted to Cas since high school, since he accidently walked in on him and that guy and saw Cas looking like a freakin porn star. At first he told himself it was because it was the first time he’d seen something like that in real life, that was all. But then he started noticing Cas getting out of the pool, Cas sprawl on the couch, Cas sipping a drink at the movies. And then he had to accept the facts: his best friend was hot.
“But the civilian barista at the coffee shop gave him her number. What if Jack wants to start dating? What am I supposed to do to prepare him?”
But what was it doing on their kitchen floor?
Dean sat back in his seat and huffed. Then he turned to Cas.
“Tomorrow is Sam’s birthday dinner,” said Eileen.
“What would make you happy, Dean?”
“But what about the Bunker?” Dean interrupted, shrugging off his jacket.
“Great,” Claire gave him a small smile, “Now let’s go before all the ice cream is gone. I’m sure Dean’s already gotten seconds.”
“I’ve got an idea.”
Cas turned back toward them.
Both boys had a stack of candy wrappers in front of them. They eagerly grabbed the chocolate, twisted the paper around it, and placed it back on the belt. So far, so good.
“Am I supposed to tell her I don’t want to call her?” Jack asked.
“Look,” Dean sat back against the booth, “I wanted you to move on. We won, you know? I didn’t want to drag you back into anything. You should be thinking about your future. About your family.”
But he did.
“And you didn’t use your—”
Dean found the vampire nest. It was on the smaller side, and he wondered if he should call Sam and Eileen or just start throwing stakes. Then a pair of fangs attacked him from behind, and the choice was made for him. It took longer alone, but fortunately he finished the fight. Unfortunately, it was in the fucking sewers. Not the worst solo hunt he’s been on, and not the worst he’s ever smelled, but definitely top five for both. He couldn’t even grab shower or a drink in Colorado because Cas texted him.
Dean was standing at their table with a plate full of burgers.
Green eyes stared back at him. He leaned a little closer to the glass. Sometimes it felt like he didn’t know himself at all. Maybe that was a common problem for people who’d been used as vessels. He’d ask Sam, but that would lead down an emotional line of questioning that led to scary things, like tears or honest conversations. He’d ask Cas, but vessels were a sensitive topic.
“Dean, no one wants to hear—” Sam started bitching.
Cas did not move into a dorm, he moved into an apartment, with a girl in his major named Charlie. He loved living with Charlie. She reminded him of Dean, especially when she forced him to watch all the Star Wars movies and ranted about her crush on Leia. He enjoyed his classes, friends, and books, but there was a Dean Winchester sized hole in his life.
“You have to go. If you don’t go, he won the breakup.”
But maybe it wasn’t all Dean’s fault. He couldn’t stop picturing the brokenhearted look on Dean’s face when he’d said
Christmas, and they were doing a costume together. Sam was Carl, Shannon was Ellie, and Henry was Russell from Up.
“Dean,”
What if the reason was Dean?
“When Dean said ritual. . . did he mean the portal summoning ritual?”
Sam cleared his throat, and Cas looked up.
“I want you,” Dean stumbled forward, half his mind reeling with
Dean looked down their hands. He could feel the pressure of Cas’s grip. He squeezed Cas’s hand, his flesh and bone. He was real. Dean looked up and found Cas still studying his face.
“Let’s go play some games. Starts with Dumb, noun, two syllables, ends with Ass.”
While Sam put on his running shoes, Dean sprawled on the couch and flipped through channels. As soon as the bunker door closed behind Sam, Dean turned the TV off and stood.
“Yes.”
Cas furrowed his eyebrows.
“No, you just want to push me away before I leave you. Like everyone else has. That’s why you sleep with people who don’t mean anything to you.”
Sam, in pajamas and still half asleep accepted the coffee. But he blinked at Dean.
As soon as Dean pulled into the driveway, Cas jumped out of the car. He’d called Sam and Eileen several times but it always went straight to voicemail.
“What do you do?” Dean asked.
He grabbed his crowbar and snuck toward the backdoor.
The audience was roaring with laughter, absolutely hysterical.
Dean tried again.
“Your speech,” Henry said, impatiently standing behind the cake. Dean snapped back to the moment.
Sam looked at her funny as she set one with candles down in front of him.
It would be so easy to kiss him again.
“—of celestial intent, yeah, I remember,” Dean finished. Cas looked up at him.
Cas wasn’t at the bunker, when he and Sam first got back, but maybe he was hanging out with Jack one last time. Maybe Jack had brought Cas back to life at a luxury resort, and he wanted to check out the sauna before calling Dean. Fine. That was fine. It was only the first day, Cas would probably roll up to the bunker in time for breakfast tomorrow.
Sam’s eyes grew wide, “Because— Wait. This is a costume— this is a wig from Party City,” Sam pulled the long grey hair off his head, and took off the fake glasses he’d been wearing. “It’s been a year, Dean. You’ve been gone a year.”
“Oh. I should have mentioned,” Cas walked to the wall and pushed slightly. Though it was indiscernible from the wall, a door appeared and swung open easily. Dean’s jaw dropped. Cas turned a bit sheepish, “Jack stopped by.”
“It was Cas.”
“Charlie, hey,” Dean interrupted.
Which was also turned to ash, as well as the plate it was on. Great. Thank god that stupid dog wasn’t in here. Or Cas’s jacket.
“Is that tomorrow?” Cas said quickly, grabbing his jacket and shuffling toward the door, “Wow, I nearly forgot. Happy early birthday.”
“I’m his father,” Cas narrowed his eyes. “And the one thing these books understand is that he needs support. He has no experience, Dean. And just because you’ve never had a problem sleeping with civilians doesn’t mean Jack won’t face problems. Things will be different for him.”
“Dude, we don’t know who these people are,” Dean said opening the gun to check for ammo. Bullets soaked in dead man’s blood.
“Why has Cas been keeping so much from us?” Anna asked, upset.
“What did he say?”
Dean glanced toward Sam.
“No,” Jo, Dean, and Cas said.
“Please shut up,” Cas said.
“Dammit! I haven’t—”
Claire cleared her throat and they both turned to her.
“No.” Dean stepped in front of Cas so they were face to face. “This isn’t rebellion. And don’t bring free will into this. I’ll respect your choices, whatever, but you have to respect mine. I’ve searched for weeks, stopped hunting, trashed the impala, and I’d do it all again, for as long as it took, until I found you. Because you’re worth it.”
Chad blinked and held up his hands, “Man, I-I-I don’t know what’s going on here but this is some freaky shit. Are you fucking wizards? Did you fucking drug me?”
It didn’t bounce back. It went through.
“Whoops,” Cas said, flatly.
“We have plenty of store-bought juice.”
“Okay, Groomzilla,” Dean rolled his eyes, put an arm around Sam and started walking toward the backyard, “Leave the Best Man speech to the Best Man. C’mon. Your beautiful bride is waiting. Do you think she’s nervous she chose the wrong Winchester?”
Finally, finally, the staircase ended. He was in a room dimly lit in light blue. It was a completely empty room, with walls, ceiling, and floor of grey concrete. And there, sitting in the center of the room, was Cas.
“Bro, what? I love hunting,” Chad said. Cas and Dean looked at him sharply, but Chad continued, “I go every summer with my old man. Last season, I shot a Zebra. Turned it into a rug for our Tahoe cabin.”
Cas looked at Dean. He tried not to look too hopeful. “A hunting team, a married couple, in Chicago were killed on the job. They left behind children. The children are staying with some hunters in Chicago, but they want to put them into foster care soon. Logan is friends with one of the hunters. That’s how I found out.”
Sam stopped. He froze, suddenly, like… like…
The Winchesters stood in the parking lot outside of the University of Texas humanities building. It was a bright sunny day, but Sam was wearing a sweater vest over a collared shirt. He was hoping he’d come across as a graduate student. He didn’t plan for the Texas heat. Maybe they would chalk the sweat up to midterm nerves.
“Hey,” Gabriel said suddenly, “If they hooked up in April, I won the bet.”
“Don’t be ashamed, Jo,” said Anna sweetly, “I think having a crush on Dean is a rite of passage growing up in Lawrence.”
Thanks for the kudos and kind comment :) :) :)
“What name for the order?”
“Look me in the eyes and tell me it meant nothing.”
“Dean,” Cas started with no idea how to finish.
“I guess you still have something to learn about being human,” Dean said, slowly walking toward them. Claire and Cas turned to him, but Dean was looking straight into Cas’s eyes when he said, “When you love someone, their problems aren’t a burden. You want to help them, because they help you, too, just by being themselves. Just by being in your life. I don’t feel sorry for you, Cas. I feel—”
“Shut up,” Dean followed him inside and closed the door.
Sam turned the radio off. Dean didn’t think about it.
“Let’s just get this over with,” Dean started walking to the car. There was no way this could end well, but Cas had called him handsome, and earlier he said
“Jack, please. I’m not asking for a lot. I just want you to tell me where he is. God’s big on signs, right? Burn some bushes or give me stone tablets or something. Just help me find him. I just want a chance to tell him. Is that so much to ask? What do you want, promises? If I promise to pray before every meal will you just show me where—”
“Uh, we’re looking for a job” Dean explained, “together.”
“Why didn’t you tell us something happened?” Anna asked.
“Let’s egg his car.”
But they didn’t have big, loud, fights that ended in hurt feelings and slammed doors.
“There are cars everywhere, too.”
“Cas is coming to Stanford?” Eileen gasped. Charlie realized her mistake.
Until Gabriel pulled the lid off the silver platter, revealing that dinner tonight was Kraft mac n’ cheese with a side of mashed potatoes. Everyone gave him a hard time and Gabriel mumbled something about the price of take out and the price of violinists.
Dean and Sam were shocked.
” He spat the word like it was painful to say, “and I’m sorry you failed. Don’t worry, I’ll make this easier for both of us. I’ll have my things out of the bunker by tonight.”
Cas widened his eyes like,
“Do you have everything ready? How soon can we start?”
“Charlie, we really missed you,” Sam said as Dean approached. Sam put the phone on speaker and held it between them.
Shannon opened her front door and gasped.
Dean and Sam sat in the impala.
“Should I have done that to Jack? To Claire? What if Sam came out to you when he was seventeen? Would you have said nothing and sent him on a case? Made him risk his life, terrified and alone?”
Cas held out his hand and stuck out his chin.
He put a hand on the rock and tried to think happy thoughts. He got halfway through a verse of “Happy and you Know it” when he stepped back and scowled. This was stupid, and getting him nowhere.
Good place to start looking. He started taking the stairs two at a time. It was dark in the stairway, and as soon as he was out of the light case from the doorway, it was pitch black. He kept going, now taking them one at a time. There were horrible sounds in the dark, sounds likely being made by horrible things. He hoped none of them had Cas. Or used to be Cas. He pushed the worry down, and kept descending.
“What’s wrong with my chili?” Bobby asked gruffly.
“Yes,” Cas came clean, “but—”
and hurried after Dean.
Charlie raised her eyebrows and Cas turned again so his face was smothered by couch. Anything was better than seeing her skeptical look. Last night he told Charlie everything, because he had to tell someone. It didn’t feel real until he heard Charlie gasp and ask questions and say, ‘oh damn’. He also trusted Charlie to keep it a secret. Cas decided he wouldn’t tell anyone else until Dean did. He wasn’t even sure Dean wanted to come out. Or if Dean was even queer. Though he had mentioned hooking up with Benny.
“Right,” Sam said, after Dean and Crowley looked at him a moment too long.
They stared. Champagne dripped down the bottle, over Dean’s hand, and onto the floor but he barely noticed.
“Oh yes, I’m sure all those girls like you. That’s why they never stay for breakfast.”
“Yeah, he loves me, I could be your brother-in-law, etc. etc. Get some new material, dude.”
He pushed open the door and led Eileen inside. It was pitch black. Sam felt along the wall for the light switch and threw his carry-on bag on the couch.
“Dean,” Sam started.
“Do you need napkins?” Eileen asked.
Dean inhaled like his lungs were filled with smoke. He felt like a part of him would always be living in this exact moment. The sun, just starting to set behind Cas, the sky, a watercolor of purple and orange. Cas’s hair pushed off his forehead by the wind, his brilliant blue eyes looking at Dean as if everything was fine, as if he hadn’t just poured gasoline on Dean’s dreams and dropped a match.
Dean opened his mouth. He closed it and swallowed, hard.
He couldn’t watch this crap anymore.
“I know. I came here to apologize. Jack, I made a mistake and I’m sorry.”
Crowley was dressed in a suit, with a freshly trimmed beard and his hair combed back. He looked between Sam and Dean.
“They were not essays, they were discussion posts.”
Cas’s gaze dropped to the ground, and Dean stepped even closer. He studied him carefully, but really the wrinkled clothes gave it away.
Day four was the worst. Because on day four, Cas called.
Cas was so close, but there was still a slight space between them. Dean wanted to close the space so badly, but he was caught between the counter and Cas’s stare. Cas put a hand on his arm, right over the handprint. Right where it belonged.
“I am thinking about my family.”
“Why don’t you go pop the champagne with Lisa? I’m still looking for my paper towels.”
This morning, they had the biggest fight they’d ever had.
“We can take care of the case tomorrow. I’m gonna go on a run. And I’ll probably grab dinner somewhere. I could bring you back something?” Sam said as soon as they dropped their bags in their room.
He stopped himself. Not everything was about him. There were lots of reasons Cas would literally and figuratively throw away a future at Stanford. He had family in Lawrence. He had a job.
“Have you and Cas figured stuff out?”
Sam spoke too soon. The horse whinnied and did it’s business on top of the pile.
“You are?”
“Are you kidding? She didn’t mean anything to him. He didn’t even know who he was.” Dean widened his eyes, “Hey. What if his memory is gone again? That’s why he hadn’t called.”
“No fucking way,” Gabriel’s eyes widened, “About what?”
He and Cas did everything out of order.
He twisted the knob until the water was freezing.
Dean followed the light through the city until he pulled the impala into the parking lot of a used car dealership.
“Listen, Jack. Listen closely. Cas has worn the same clothes for over a decade.”
“Okay, maybe it bothered me at first. I mean, dude, if I knew you were gay I never would have been so… Whatever. And I wouldn’t have, like, shared your bed.”
“That’s thirty-four in nephilim years,” Claire said so deadpan Dean couldn’t tell if she was serious.
“Then what the hell are we sitting around here for,” Dean stuffed another bite of burger into his mouth, grabbed the plate, and scooted out of the booth. Sam studied him again.
“And bought the whole store?” Sam asked, but didn’t complain as he reached for a blueberry muffin. Dean wanted to tell him to wait, but that would be stupid. Wait for what? He had no idea when Cas show up. Cas didn’t even eat.
“Perhaps if you knew how difficult it was to,” Cas did air quotes, “‘bring home the bacon’ you wouldn’t spend it quite so thoughtlessly.”
“So, what? You just want to drive around, asking people if they’ve seen a guy in a trench coat yea high?” Sam held up a hand at Cas’s height.
Dean walked into the house and Sam rolled his eyes.
In the living room, Claire claimed the leather recliner. Cas and Dean stood side by side in front of her. Cas, tense and solemn. Dean, like he was already thinking about the dessert in Jody’s freezer.
“No, no, he doesn’t even know we’re here. I just wanted you and Eileen to meet. And figure out what happened. Did something happen?”
“Dean’s right.” Cas said, “I never wanted to change you. I thought if I set you up with someone, you would come to me for advice, and I could show you my support. Claire told me about a similar experience she had with Jody. I never should’ve lied to you. I should have just told you that Jack, I accept you no matter what. You’re the child I want, exactly as you are. And I love you very—”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
Cas choked on his drink and set his cup on the table. Jack sat up in concern.
“I wasn’t meant to be a father,” Cas said like he had to pry each word from his throat. He felt a stinging behind his eyes, but he refused to cry. He forced himself to keep watching the road ahead. Dean adjusted his grip on the wheel.
On Christmas eve, Shannon invited Sam, Logan, Malia, and Kelly to the house for Christmas movies and dinner. Sam brought ingredients for gingerbread making, and they all learned none of them had ever made gingerbread before. The first batch came out totally flat, but in the second batch they added baking powder and they came out a lot more edible. Even after Henry bit most of the heads off.
Cas pushed open the door of The Human Bean and a little bell jingled above his head. Jack walked in after him, eyeing the shop carefully.
“Hell yeah. We should play sometime at your place—”
Now Dean laughed harder. Cas started laughing too.
Dean had dealt with a lot of pain, but this was new. It was a knife to the heart, stabbed all the way through him by a man who wasn’t even in the room. He searched Sam’s face for any shred of doubt, but there was none. It had been Cas on the phone. Sam looked at him with pity, and the pain felt unbearable. It clouded his vision, like the knife was ripped out of him, like he was starting to bleed out.
“You’ll be there, right?” Sam asked. Cas was family. Clearly he and Dean were in the middle of a fight, but Sam was sure they’d get over it soon enough. They always did. Dean was miserable when they fought. He just wished he knew what happened, so he could help. Maybe he should call Anna.
Dean parked in front of Ed’s. The sun had set during their drive, but it was too bright in the shopping center to see any stars. Their parking spot was close enough to the door that the red neon light of the “Ed’s Diner” sign hit the front of the impala.
Sam moved out and bought an apartment in Sioux Falls with Eileen. They hunted together now, sometimes, but mostly they worked on designing a new system of connecting hunters in America. It would be digital, innovative, collaborative, and since it was headed by Sam and Eileen, Dean knew it would also be successful.
“Let me guess. Is it love?”
“They’re looking for a different kind of dessert,” Gabriel smirked.
Cas looked anxious. “I’m afraid today was much harder than I anticipated. For dinner you can chose between charred remains of chicken or a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I tried to bake a pie but. . . it’s currently collapsed on the bottom of our oven. I tried to clean, but—”
But why didn’t he tell Dean he applied?
“No,” Cas turned his head, “Maybe I shouldn’t even go.”
Dean was gone for the day. Last night, Eileen told him about a possible vampire nest she and Sam were investigating in Colorado, and he offered to go poke around in person. Jack was lounging on the couch watching TV, something he only did when Dean was gone. Cas noticed Jack and Dean’s awkwardness around each other, but he didn’t know how to fix it. Sam had told him once that Dean used to start fights with Jack, but Cas still wasn’t sure why, as he had been dead at the time.
Dean swallowed and stuck his hand on the Joyous Discus on the passenger seat. This time there was golden spark, and Dean and Sam perked up. But the spark quickly fizzled and they were back at square one.
That fight could be blamed on miscommunication. Their next fight, sophomore year of college, could only be blamed on Dean.
Cas narrowed his eyes.
His back was to Cas, but Cas could tell he was angry. Jack’s shoulders were tense, and his hands pressed against the mattress. Light flickered around him, filling the air with the buzz of his powers.
“Well, I’m gonna go change,” Dean pulled the keys out of the ignition and stepped out of the car.
“Dean.” Cas stepped out of his reach, and gave him a level look, “It’s for the best if I remain here. But you need to go, have a long, peaceful life. It’s what I wanted for you.”
“Who was that?” Dean barked.
He pulled up to the bunker just before 5. Cas and Jack were waiting outside, ready to jump into the impala as soon as he came to a complete stop.
“We didn’t ‘hook up’,” Cas said flatly.
“Yes,” Cas said, slightly urgent because it looked like Sam, Eileen, and Jody were getting more and more interested in what was happening. He didn’t want to involve them— not yet— not until he had spoken to Claire. Maybe Dean was right, and he was being hard on himself, but regardless Sam, Eileen, and Jody didn’t need up-to-date reports on his struggles as a parent.
Their friendship had survived so much. But he knew it couldn’t survive this.
He made coffee and didn’t think about Cas stirring in sugar.
“I asked you first.”
“Nothing. I’m driving.”
Cas felt like he’d been kicked in the chest, but Dean kept pushing.
“He told me he loved me.”
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. His mind raced with possible explanations, and none of them were good.
“This is delicious,” he said, apparently deciding to ignore Cas’s speechless misery.
The radio started playing Carry On My Wayward Son, but the music suddenly felt too loud. He twisted the knob to change channels, but the song kept playing. Another thing he couldn’t change. He twisted it again, harder this time, but the knob came off in his hands. The radio stopped playing, but Dean didn’t notice. He stared at the small piece of plastic in his hands.
Dean’s thoughtful expression melted into a smug smirk.
“Life is all about making our own choices. And getting to write our own endings. And this is what I want Dean.”
“So, you’re saying you want to stick to your own kind. I’m too stupid for you.”
The kid nodded.
Outside it was raining, but inside it was warm and bright. Charlie was back for the weekend and Gabriel brought his new girlfriend, Kali.
“This is why I didn’t want to tell you,” Cas said with a dry smile. “I didn’t want to disappoint you, if I wasn’t good enough. But I’ve been thinking about touring the campus this summer. Maybe Sam could help me get in touch with someone from the English department.”
Sam appeared in the doorway of the archives and gave Dean a thumbs up. Dean couldn’t see the plate on him, but he must hidden it under his stupid sweater vest. Guess that thing had some practical use.
“Why did you move out?” Sam asked over pancakes.
“You.” Dean put a hand over Cas’s. “You.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said helplessly. He couldn’t think of an excuse that didn’t sound horrible. But he couldn’t tell him the truth, either. Now was not the time for an ‘I love you’, much less an ‘I’ve been in love with you for years’.
Cas looked at Dean, and then squeezed his eyes tight and turned away. He took a deep breath, and Dean thought about reaching out to touch him again.
The first day, Dean wasn’t that worried.
Dean swallowed the pancake and glared at Bobby.
“Apparently I’m not freaking happy enough for this piece of junk.”
“How many years were we gone?” Dean asked with a grave voice.
He sat up just enough to reach his bedside lamp and turned it on. Nothing happened. He tried turning it on again, and again, but no light. The lamp was broken. Of course it was. Because why would anything in Dean’s life actually work? He picked it up and threw it across the room. He stared at the lamp, bent and broken on the ground, and realized it probably just needed a new bulb. Dean didn’t think about it.
Cas paused. Then he abruptly turned away and started organizing a stack of papers on his desk.
Whatever the reason, that was the moment Cas realized he was in love with his best friend.
“You,” a distorted voice snapped, “were supposed to call as soon as it ended. What happened? What did you learn about the anti-Christ? Did Castiel or the Winchester cause any problems?”
Sam and Eileen lived in a house on the outskirts on Sioux Falls. It was one story, light green with a white trim. It was a cookie cutter neighborhood, which tested Cas’s patience as they drove past rows of similar houses.
“It’s strange. Cas is normally so punctual,” Anna said, half apologetic and half worried.
Eileen laughed, “I’m honestly impressed you knew the sign for stripper. And I’d go with three, because the more the merrier.”
When he got back to the table, he saw the last thing he would have expected.
“Sorry, sorry. Made love,” Gabriel gave him respectful prayer hands. Cas rolled his eyes.
“Sorry if you’re. . . busy, or whatever, but I need to talk to you. You remember what you said, before. . .”
He slept with Cas.
“Let’s see. It’s 8:15 and they open at 8. Looks like you boys are already late,” Crowley said. Dean and Sam scrambled out of the seats, and the audience laughed and cheered.
“Dean, are you,” Sam started, but no way in hell was Dean going to let him finish.
Chad sat up a little straight, “Right. Uh, but then Castiel and Dean Winchester came back and freaked out. They started asking questions, so I accused them of drugging me and dipped.”
“It’ll take two seconds,” Dean said, before Cas grabbed him by the elbow and forced him to stop.
Hour three, Sam cracked.
Cas told Jack he was going out.
Dean watched Lisa take a bit of burger. She practically groaned.
“Of course I’ll be there.”
“I hope not. Sam is too tall for me,” Cas said just deadpan enough that Sam laughed.
“I’ll try that. Large, please,” he said, grabbing his credit card.
“Hey, Cas, it’s me. Duh.” He cleared his throat, “I just wanted to check in, again, and see if you were coming back. When I call your normal phone, it goes straight to voice mail, but maybe Jack didn’t revive your phone when he revived you.”
Back at the Roadhouse, Ellen brought out two apple pies she’d been keeping in the fridge.
Claire Novak stepped out from behind the bushes. She was holding a three year old boy in her arms.
After dinner, Dean stepped into the backyard for a bit of fresh air. Gabriel joined him, holding two cookies. Dean knew better than to ask for one.
“No one.” Sam said.
Dean wanted to demand, to dare him to say it, but that impulse came from the part of himself with no self-preservation.
“I want to move out,” Cas blurted, because apparently that’s how the hell he would deal with that.
Dean blinked, and realized he’d been holding his spoonful of chili midair. Sam and Eileen looked at him, slightly concerned. Dean shoved the spoon in his mouth.
Sam thought it over. Dean smiled into his drink. Sam had a pretty good idea what he was thinking of. He really, really wanted to ask but. . . he’d been waiting over a decade. He could wait for Dean to bring it up. He waited. He waited.
Chad stood, smiling and relaxed. His mint green button up was rolled up at the sleeves and tucked into his khaki shorts, a lanyard dangling from his pocket. He had broad shoulders and strong jaw, but there was no awareness behind his eyes, like his expression wouldn’t change if he was here or at home or in the pits of hell.
“Well, I don’t know if…” Sam started, but looking into her kind eyes made him pause. She’d just lost her husband, survived a vampire attack, almost lost her child. But no—he needed to turn her away. She shouldn’t be exposed to this world anymore than she already had been.
Juliet brought their drinks to their table herself. Cas looked up, surprised. He’d been the to the Human Bean before, and normally they called out your names when your order was ready.
“Might as well give her a chance,” Dean shrugged. She was hot and he had no problem with first dates. Multiple dates, that’s when shit got complicated.
Dean blinked and refocused on the book. It didn’t matter what Sam could do. They’d just finished saving the world, killing God, and it was time for a damn happy ending. Sam deserved it. If he wanted to do some case in Pittsburg, whatever, Dean could do his secret research just as easily there as in the bunker.
“That’s a load of shit.”
Dean was still alone. But there was nothing left to say. He didn’t finish the Lord’s Prayer, but he didn’t want to.
“I can’t believe you’d do something like this.”
“It is?” Jack’s eyes widened, more concerned than confused.
“Cas! I found you. I’m here. I’m here to save you.” Dean knew he sounded desperate, but he couldn’t fight the waves of relief crashing into him.
“Not you,” Cas leaned toward the Jack at their table, who had a fist full of cheerios.
“Our caramel drizzle blended delight,” she answered automatically.
“Does Jack even know about this?”
He walked back to the road and found a decent sized brick. He flung that into the cliff, but it bounced off just as easily as the bullet. He didn’t know what he was expecting.
“Dean, I don’t think you’re stupid. Just forget I said anything.”
“Dean, we’ve been driving around all day.”
The kitchen door opened, and then he and Dean stood face to face, glaring.
“You’re not letting me explain—”
They lived together first, and then started dating, and now Cas would be moving out. They did everything backwards, but they were happy.
Cas shrugged.
“Come on, Dean-o. You must’ve figured that out by now. He’s not exactly subtle. And Christ, he turned down Brown for you.”
Sam and Eileen were at a table with Jo, Garth, Anna, and Gabriel. Everyone had a drink, but dinner wasn’t ready yet. Dean was finishing up in the kitchen. Cas hadn’t shown up yet.
Cas leaned toward him suddenly, so their faces were only an inch apart. Dean inhaled sharply. They looked into each other’s eyes, and then Cas slowly smiled. Dean smiled back and reached for Cas’s hand. Cas let him.
Cas whipped his head around, just now realizing he and Claire were alone. She patted his shoulder.
“That sounded bad. I hope Sam and Eileen are okay,” Cas said.
“I’ve been looking for you,” Dean cut him off. Cas’s blue eyes were bright, but his expression was carefully blank. He didn’t react to what Dean said. At all.
“I mean, I was seventeen.”
Cas picked up his latte. Jack studied his drink. It looked like a milkshake, with caramel dripping down the sides and a mountain of whip cream on top. Jack unwrapped his straw, then paused and squinted at the cup.
The audience cheered, and Sam and Shannon were already out of the seats, ready to rush Dean with a hug. Henry was right behind them.
“Speaking of stupid,” Dean stood, “I think we have some of Sam’s baby pictures around here. I’m sure you’ll appreciate ‘em Eileen.”
“Yeah. It’s always been the two of us against the world.”
“Yeah, I mean, you know me. I don’t date. I keep it causal. Meaningless sex.”
Dean made a break for the kitchen. He opened the door as Ellen screamed from inside. He hesitated in the kitchen doorway.
“Hulo?” Dean spoke around the muffin in his mouth. He swallowed and listened. “Yes. . . is that so?. . .well, thank you very much.”
“But here—” Eileen held out the stack of napkins, but Cas was already halfway to the kitchen.
Cas jumped, “No, no, nothing like that, but it’s okay. He doesn’t have to be a hunter, I would still—“
“I want to get in a run first,” Sam said.
What a question. Dean was almost shocked into laughter, but Cas looked on the verge of a nervous breakdown. He kept it serious.
“If you don’t want to talk then why did you follow me in here?”
“Crowley?”
“Where is he, then?” Dean said, with a sharpness that made Sam pause. Dean huffed. He hadn’t meant to sound so angry. He wasn’t even angry, not really. He was scared. Dean didn’t say any of that. But Sam slowly nodded anyway.
“Well,” Frankie started, in a higher pitch than before, but Claire quickly jumped in.
“I do. But I’ve always known you didn’t return my feelings— and that’s okay. I didn’t want Sam to tell you I called because I wanted you to get a clean break from me and my. . . problems. You saved the world Dean. You deserve to have a happy life, free of complications. I am a big complication.”
Dean smiled and happily collected their numbers. Not that he’d be calling. It just felt good to be appreciated.
On Christmas morning, Sam confessed he had feelings for Shannon. She kissed him under the mistletoe and wondered what took him so long.
“Nothing,” said Cas, “I just meant, I know your father frequently left you alone, forcing you to watch Sam on your own. Just because that was how you were raised—”
Followed by a thumbs up and pink-cheeked smile emoji.
“So last night was meaningless?”
Cas’s careful blank expression broke. Now Dean was mad at himself. He didn’t mean it, the way it sounded, bitter and mocking. The whole point of this conversation was to tell Cas how he felt, but why was that so impossibly difficult? It was just three words.
Chad draped an arm on the back of the bench, “Well I was totally vibing with the guy—”
“Yeah, burgers are my specialty.”
“What?”
Dean walked toward the bookshelf and reached for the plate.
By the time they arrived back at the bunker, Cas had a plan.
“I’m sorry we’re late. Jack, Dean, I’d like you to meet Chad,” Cas said, stopping at the booth in the corner.
“Fine. I said something I wish I’d said sooner.”
“Slip him an extra twenty,” Dean quipped. Cas huffed but refocused and hurried inside.
“She will be,” Dean said picking her up gently. He knew she would be okay physically, it didn’t look like she’d been bitten. But her husband was gone. Her kid was gone.
“I’m not joking,” Gabriel said. “Cas is in love with you. Has been for years.”
“He’s not,” Dean whisper shouted, “Cas met him today and we have no friggin idea who he is.”
The second thing he realized was life without Dean was painfully lonely. How did he live like this before the Winchesters moved into the neighborhood? If he had to listen to Michael nag him about the importance of ironing or Gabriel talk his ear off about some ‘hot chick’ in the third pew, he was going to pray for the lord to smite him.
“I mean it. We wouldn’t stay here if he didn’t want us to,” Cas tried again but Jack just nodded.
Michael’s court date showed up sooner than Cas thought. Cas, Gabriel, and Anna had to be there, in their best clothes, while some judge decided if Michael could become their legal guardian. Cas walked with his hands in the pockets of his pants so no one would see them shaking. He kicked the gravel outside the courthouse steps, angry, and not thinking about Dean at all.
Dean nodded. He couldn’t speak yet.
“Just pick one,” Dean shot him a glare. “You’re going to loosen the knob.”
“Sorry for everything,” Sam answered quickly, “Just, really sorry. But I think he thinks you hate him.”
Sam flipped it off.
“No, Jack, this was completely my idea,” Cas said.
He looked up, but the city was too bright to see any stars. He picked a spot on the endless black sky and decided to pray.
Dean looked up at the ceiling.
There was one problem Dean couldn’t help him with, and his name was Inias.
“You don’t hate him, right?” Sam said looking at him sideways.
The first time they’d tried the ritual, they’d been missing a few crucial elements. Shannon had found, in her research, that much like the myth, the ritual required someone to place their hand in the center of the Joyous Discus. And, as Kelly had discovered from a slightly different translation of the myth, the “lost soul” had to think happy thoughts to power the Discus.
Until Sam tapped on his shoulder.
“Whatever. I think what you’re trying to say is that Jack doesn’t need Cas up in his personal business, right?”
Jack was still furious. His glare turned electric, but Dean kept talking, clear and calm.
“Eileen once showed up to the bunker as a ghost. Sam has died seven times, literally been to hell and back, and he’s still afraid of clowns. You think that’s normal? It ain’t. And me—  I’m afraid of airplanes. I love soap operas. The longest relationship I’ve ever had lasted a year. I have two Taylor Swift CDs carefully hidden in my car— and why? The only person around here who gives a shit about that is me, so why is it so hard for me to admit that I like her stupid music?”
Dean spooned the eggs onto two plates and set bacon strips into the pan. He heard the sizzle right as the backdoor opened.
“Sure. We can leave this afternoon.”
“No,” Cas patted his thigh, and assured him, “When we fight we do it in private. Most of the time.”
“You should have been accepted and loved,” Cas tried to convince him, “That’s what you deserve.”
So for now, it was just an investigation. He was on a mission to learn everything he could about the anti-Christ, his strengths, his weaknesses.
“What are you saying, Cas?”
Dean Winchester’s alarm clock went off at 8 am. He reached over and hit it until the buzzing stopped. The morning was quiet again, but his thoughts were still too damn loud.
Dean was already sold on the idea.
The next morning, Dean walked into the kitchen while buttoning the sleeves of his shirt. He stopped short when he saw a beautiful sight: Cas holding a tray of freshly baked blueberry muffins.
“Yeah. You know, he really misses you. He’s always telling me how bad he feels about everything that happened, and that he’s really sorry.”
Dean didn’t think about it.
“Busy day?” Dean asked and the audience laughed.
“Thanks,” Jack took the receipt and headed for a table.
Dean walked into the library, just as Sam brought his phone away from his ear. Sam turned, surprised to see Dean. Surprised, and nervous, judging by the clench of his jaw and the way he swallowed.
He was so happy he basically floated to the kitchen. Dean was eating a plate of eggs in a grey Metallica shirt and sweatpants. Cas smiled at him, but he didn’t look up from his plate. That was the second red flag. Cas was hungry, but he glanced toward the stove and saw that the pan of eggs was scrapped clean.
Cas raised his eyebrows. They figured out pretty quickly that their younger siblings had tried to parent trap them. Dean made a joke and Cas laughed and then somehow everything was back to normal.
“I have bigger concerns,” he said, and wasn’t that just a kick in the crotch. Dean told himself it was a good reminder— this is why there would never be anything more between them. Cas had bigger concerns, and Dean was here to help, not bitch about his many smaller concerns.
“I’ve never been happier,” Cas kissed him. He trailed his kisses down his neck, and Dean wrapped him in his arms.
“I thought that was you,” Dean straightened up, and took a deep breath, “Jesus. What if I had been museum staff? Do you always swing first, ask questions later?”
“I need your help,” Cas said, misinterpreting her smile as a no, “Please. I’m still trying to understand human sexuality. And I’m not sure if I should let him date civilians—”
Maybe it was feeling of holding him in his arms, maybe it was the smell of his cologne mixed with whisky, or maybe it was the look on his face, the unfiltered adoration in his eyes.
Sam was grateful for his spare key. He and Eileen booked a red eye flight from Stanford, and he didn’t want to make Bobby get the door at three AM.
“I’m sorry you had to find out. . . like that. That must have been shocking.”
The kid pointed a grubby finger to the giant pile of horse shit in the corner of the stable.
“What?” Dean exhaled.
“You. . .” Cas studied every inch of his face, but only saw desperate sincerity. Dean reached forward and grabbed Cas’s hand, pulling them closer together.
“I bet they’ve been hooking up since January,” Garth said.
“I think I might move back into the dorms.”
“You should wear something super sexy tonight.”
“He asked me for a different flavor.”
Day two, Dean was freaked out.
Cas processed this. He wanted to kick himself for not reaching out sooner. He couldn’t throw away years of friendship over a petty fight caused by a crush. That’s what it was, after all. Not love, a crush. A crush was something he could repress until he moved on to someone else.
“Sure,” Claire said slowly. Cas seemed more high-strung than usual, but if this was about something big, Dean wouldn’t be leaning back so casually in his chair.
“I’m sure the bar’s got beer,” Bobby said, looking at him sideways.
“Oh, yeah,” Frankie nodded, all nervous energy. Dean was having a hard time believing this kid could hold a gun, much less shoot one, “Yeah. Sometimes. Is Jack with you?”
Finally he found the paper he was looking for and pulled it from the stack. He pulled a wooden stamp from his desk drawer and stamped the paper twice. Then he gave the boys a thin smile.
They drove all day, and no one had seen Cas. At least Sam’s research wasn’t a total waste. He had made a few calls, reviewed their past cases, and compiled a list of other places they should check. The sun was setting, so Dean drove them back home.
“Explain,” Dean said, through a mouth full of burger.
“I bet you knew about this too,” Jack snapped at him, “Didn’t you?”
Cas and Jack moved into the bunker.
“Yeah, Dean’s a dreamboat,” Gabriel said looking pointedly at Cas.
“. . . are you trying to make a deal?” Dean asked, voice dangerously low.
When Sam woke up, there was no big breakfast buffet. There was Dean, fully dressed at the kitchen table with a to-go cup of coffee in hand.
“Me too. Happy birthday, Sam. Who were you talking about?”
“The hunters in Chicago want an answer by tonight,” Logan said, glancing at his phone. “Good luck, man.”
“No. He needs a father.”
“Yes, yes, and here’s my number. For research purposes,” said a young man, who had unbuttoned his top button when Dean first walked into the room.
“Maybe I’ll bake a pie for dinner tonight,” Cas said, unwrapping a muffin for himself.
“It’s nice. I’m from Ireland, so it’s cool to see more of America. I’ve really only been to California.”
“I was surprised to see you there.”
Eventually, Dean said something.
“I don’t know,” Sam turned back to the table and kept his voice low, “I asked both of them, and they refused to say what happened.”
Sam cleared his throat, “Uh— anyway. We should hit the books, even books that seem irrelevant. Maybe there’s a line or two that could help. It wouldn’t hurt to cover all our bases. And I was thinking, maybe we should call a few people?”
Dean pressed harder on the gas. This was why he wanted to get home as soon as possible, so he could stop overthinking. His jeans were stained with sewer water and vampire guts, the fumes were probably making his thoughts spiral.
The wind picked up, ruffling the colorful flags hung across the lot, but Cas was perfectly still.
“You won’t understand.”
“I wish we never lived together.”
“Dean,” Sam said slowly.
“Oh my God,” Frankie half froze, “Dean and Cas. I’ve heard so much about you.”
“We’re not going to shoot them,” Sam said. Dean looked at him.
“Maybe we could go buy another one at Costco before they notice,” Cas said.
“Sam! The ‘andy!” Dean said around his mouthful of chocolates. He gave him an incredulous look and stepped away from the conveyor belt.
Dean nodded. Sam stood.
“Yeah, pizza sounds good,” Sam smiled.
promised to pray before every meal, and you know it! It’s not my fault you misunderstood me. You should’ve got that shit in writing, Jack.”
Dean watched the light move, a glimmer of hope against the inky black night.
“How did Jody show her support for you and Kaia?”
Jack plopped his straw into his drink. He took a sip and smiled brightly.
He liked the sound of that.
Dean took his first bite, and suddenly the newly framed photo of Dean, Cas, and Charlie’s weekend in Vegas fell off it’s hook and shattered to the floor. Like it had been struck down by the hand of God.
“My money was on Easter,” Malia made a face.
“This is stupid,” Dean glared but lit the scented candles anyway. Sam sprinkled chocolate shavings onto the mark he drew on the ground.
“I really shouldn’t be here for this” he muttered.
Sam and Dean walked through the plain white hallway, only stopping when they reached a wooden door with a glass panel. ‘Crowley’s Employment Office’ was painted in cursive on the glass.
It was Cas.
“It’s complicated.”
Anna stood to the side, still holding the cake.
Dean’s mouth was dry. He couldn’t speak, but he couldn’t look away from Cas.
“Are you okay?”
“What sort of jobs have you had previously? And this time, I’d like to hear from your friend.”
Cas has a perfect plan, and surely nothing could go wrong
“Well, I suppose we could try.”
“Yeah. If you’re stuck on Earth, you should be able to enjoy the finer things in life. Now you just need to get some better taste buds,” Cas looked at him, and he forced himself to look back. He’d put his foot in his mouth, but he managed to pull it out quickly. No way was he going to be the first to blink.
He tightened his grip on the crowbar. He wasn’t sure what would be better—some stupid human robbers, or something supernatural. Either way, his crowbar was going to solve this problem quickly and quietly. He couldn’t risk anything going wrong. He needed this artifact.
Dean got out of bed.
Cas coughed, and held up a hand, “yes, yes, I’m fine.” He cleared his throat.
“Well, Dean warned me he might not come,” Jo said, eager to spill the news, “Apparently they had a huge fight.”
“It’s not about what I said, it’s about what I didn’t say.”
“No time for pie,” Dean said, “I’ll start the car.” He hesitated, “Sammy—”
“Sam and Eileen moved out of Westview,” Dean said and then quickly added, “I think we both learned a valuable lesson today.”
Sam pulled back and looked them over, “What?”
“We didn’t breakup. We were never together.”
“For Jack,” Cas continued.
“Oh, wonderful idea.” Dean leaned with his elbow on the table and his chin in his hand, “But you know, I’m not sure we have a pie tin. Maybe you should stop by Ash’s Bakery. He just called and said you left your hat there when you ran in to pick up your muffins this morning.”
“Dean.”
Crowley cleared his throat and straightened the papers on his desk.
“The Joyous Discus,” Sam said. Then he put it together, “You’re here to save Cas?”
Sixth grade Cas was shaken to his core. He went on a self-righteous rant about Christianity that made 26 year old Cas cringe to think about, and Dean went back home. They didn’t talk for a week after that, and during that week Cas realized two things. The first was that he’d been raised and homeschooled by extremely religious parents, and everyone he spent time with were either his siblings or people from church. Just because Dean didn’t believe in the same things, or in God at all, didn’t mean he was a bad person. It just meant he was raised differently.
“Just a project,” Sam said, “Dean—”
Cas picked up a burger.
“I see,” Crowley said, just as confused as before. The audience chuckled. Sam glanced at Dean, who was still smiling at Crowley.
Cas tilted his chin.
“Please, excuse Laura.” Lisa smiled self-consciously, “I think she’s trying to set us up.”
“Oh my god,” Cas covered his face, partially because it looked like Dean’s weird obsession with finding him a date wasn’t going to stop, and partially because he couldn’t stop smiling.
Sam seriously doubted that, but he watched Dean drum his fingers on the steering wheel for the last three hours. He obviously couldn’t wait to get the second piece of the plate. Sam shook his head and started toward the building. Maybe Dean could pretend to be a crazy person, and distract security when they forcibly removed him from the campus.
Well. He took one step on the tightrope and now here he was, free falling to a cold, unforgiving death. Cas looked confused, but there was a light in his eyes, like some of his confusion was a kindness. Like he knew more than he let on, but wanted Dean to explain it anyway. Dean kept his face carefully neutral.
“Oh. Well, you should come watch me lift sometime. I bench 200.”
“Wow.”
Dean turned around and walked away.
“Where is he?” Dean all but whispered.
Dean and Jo got into a lively debate about what they’d rather be, a werewolf or vampire. Jo made a joke about vampire sex and Twilight, and Dean laughed and put an arm around the back of Cas’ chair.
“What sort of job did you have in mind?” Crowley asked, spreading his hands onto the desk.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean scoffed, “I’m almost done with Portals and Ancient Artifacts. That’s how I knew I needed Ancient Mayan shit.”
Dean was great with kids. He’d helped raise Ben, but Ben was older. He’d basically raised Sam, but raising Jack was different. He wasn’t raising him alone. It made some things easier, like when he woke up at 2 am to the sound of crying, he and Cas could trade off baby duty. It made other things harder, like starting a new relationship.
Cas and Inias jumped apart, but it was pointless. Dean saw everything.
“Worried? Worried about what? Like there was something wrong?”
“Who is Cas?” Eileen asked.
“Who are you talking about?” Cas said from behind Sam.
The phone rang. Dean stood and answered it before Cas could.
“I’ll be ready in ten.”
He opened the trashcan and saw a pile of torn pieces. After a moment of hesitation, he grabbed the pile and the piece he already had and spread them out on the kitchen table. Then he pieced the page back together.
Dean wanted to smash the damn thing against the wall, but he held himself back. It was still their best lead at getting to Cas. It was their only lead. They would try again, and make it work. It was hard because there were a million things that could go wrong in a ritual. Maybe the glue they used to put the plate back together fucked something up. Maybe Sam said a word wrong, or the wind was blowing in the wrong direction. Maybe they were supposed to use Tahitian vanilla.
“Dude, you have a gift,” Sam said through a mouthful.
Dean threw out his arms, “I don’t know. But I do know none of us are asking you to be normal. We’d all be hypocrites.”
“I didn’t do anything,” Cas argued. “And according to
“If you spring a feelings talk on Cas, I’ll just have to tell Shannon all about your awkward emo phase. I could probably pull up a picture or two.”
They flipped through until they found them— a vampire cult nearby. Sam read the directions, and Dean started driving.
“My mother wasn’t much for domestic work,” Cas explained, “She used recipe books as paper weights.” The audience laughed.
Dean on the other hand, wasn’t about to fool anybody.
He grabbed a gun from the back and shot the cliff. The bullet ricocheted off and he ducked.
“Do they still believe you’re human?”
Cas slammed on the brakes on that particular train of thought. Jack wasn’t talking about sleeping with waitresses. He was talking about a phone number on a cup of coffee.
“Why are you staying here? Is Cas okay?”
by Barbara Crane. Dean made a face and tossed the book back to the table.
“Right. That made a fine impression, but we can’t keep this guy waiting a few minutes.”
“We don’t know for sure, it could’ve happened May 1st,” Jo said desperately.
“I wanted to.” Dean said and then shoved a full pancake into his mouth.
“He didn’t bring me back alone.”
He gave Baby a checkup and didn’t think about Cas leaning back in the passenger seat.
Sam did think that, but now he was starting to rethink. It was weird at first, but in a way, Dean and Cas together made sense. He should’ve seen this coming. And he never should have bet against Gabriel.
Sam took a deep breath, “Look, we can make some calls tonight, see if anyone else has seen him. And we can ask someone to stay here when we leave, just in case Cas shows up.” He put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “We’ll find him. And I’m sure wherever he is right now, he’s safe.”
Dean made a face. Sam looked at the kid, “Did you hide it in there?”
Sure, Dean didn’t really do serious relationships. Though he’d tried once or twice, he always found a way to ruin it. But Cas was different. They were best friends. Now they were best friends who fucked. They could figure this out together. Dean would do anything to make Cas happy. Surely, that was more important than his history of commitment issues.
Dean did not understand, like at all. He was still processing Jack as God, and now there was also Jack as a human baby? But if there was one thing Dean was good at, it was taking supernatural bullshit in stride.
Dean and Cas have the last fight they'll ever have and it's a doozy
“Oh yeah right—" Gabriel started.
“We’re fifteen minutes late,” Cas whispered to him as the three got out of the car.
“And drunk people at parties,” Shannon added. Sam smiled.
Dean hesitated.
“Cas,” Dean said, out of breath, partially because of the crazy ass leg day he’d just had, and partially because it was Cas. There, right in front of him, whole and unbroken and beautiful. Cas looked over his shoulder, but he didn’t look happy to see Dean. He looked heartbroken.
“Listen, I know we don’t really… but you oughta know I. . . got no problems with Cas. You and him together and everything. You know what I’m tryin’ to say.”
“Dean,” Sam turned fully in his seat now, “I think I deserve to know what’s going on. I’ve been with you and Cas every step of the way. If something happened between you, I think I should know.”
“I invited someone special to join us for dinner at Ed’s, and I don’t want to keep him waiting. Please, your clothes will be fine. You look good no matter what you’re—”
Dean rolled his eyes, “Whatever. You shouldn’t let people push you around all the time. You should do what you want to do.”
Dean’s jaw was clenched, and his eyes were too wide. Sam knew that look. He was desperate.
“You know I want this, Cas. We’ve talked about that much. But we’re a team. If you want to wait, we can wait.”
“Don’t hurt yourself.”
The eggs started sizzling. Dean grabbed a spatula to scramble them.
“No,” Cas’s mouth made a firm line, “I had to stop by the bank. Our account was overdrawn. I explained to the teller that someone must have stolen my information to make such an expensive purchase. Afterall, neither of us would ever buy a. . . television.”
“Uh, I really hate to interrupt whatever this is, but it’s cold out here. Cas, you said you were going to get us a car.”
“But think of all the shit you could do if you were immortal,” Jo said.
“I said that because I thought that’s what you wanted.”
Dean chewed his burger. Then he swallowed.
“Why don’t we all just calm down,” Dean started.
“No. Bring a weapon, don’t bring a weapon. I’m bringing a weapon. You’re breaking the lock.”
“I don’t know. But they’ve been exposed to the supernatural. They need a home— at least a foster one. I guess I just thought, since you hurt your knee on our last case, maybe you wanted to spend some more time at home. . . and. . . I don’t know.”
“Jack. . . when you said you brought everyone back, you meant Cas, too, right? I know you did. You had to. He cares about you so much, and you care about him. I know you saved him from the Empty. So. . . where is he? Please, make sure he’s safe. Please, send him here. Send him home. To me.”
“So, uh, anyway,” Dean raised his glass, “Here’s to Shannon—a woman way out of my brother’s league. Here’s to Sam— the best Winchester of us all. And here’s to this kid, my favorite nephew. Cheers, to the beautiful family that grows from two hearts like yours.”
The drive was tense. No music. No talking, no matter how hard Sam was side eyeing him. Obviously, Sam had questions, probably starting with ‘do you know why Cas doesn’t want to see you?’ and ending with ‘are you in love with Cas or something?’
“You lied to me.”
“Hey you already had a chance to interrogate him,” Gabriel said. “And besides, if they hooked up, Cas should tell us. We’re family.”
Dean stood, “You told me you two never hooked up.”
Dean stepped into the porch light. The circle of light felt private, even though the empty neighborhood stretched out before them, and Cas’ family was on the other side of the door. The cold night air made Cas wish he’d thrown a jacket over his t-shirt, but he refused to shiver. Instead he folded his arms.
“Then tell us,” Malia stepped forward, “Please. You two are, like, my heroes. I heard your story during… a really hard time in my life. And it changed everything. It inspired me. That’s why I became a hunter in the first place. Just give us a chance. I know we can help.”
“Forget about the stupid bet,” Sam said
Cas narrowed his eyes.
“There’s no way she told you to go buy Jack an escort.”
“I know. I was joking, bitch. Get the first aid.”
I promise. Just because you finally answered doesn’t mean the promise was made. I know how these deals work. Nice try.”
“Do you think we need more beer for tonight? Cause I could go grab a few cases. Wouldn’t want anyone to go thirsty.”
