“Hello, Doctor Watson,” the tinny voice came through the phone. “I am in the middle of a meeting that could either establish national peace or unleash a pandemic that wipes out a fifth of the country’s population. I hope this is important.”
A million phrases traffic-jammed in John's throat, and only one popped out. "But you're gay!"
Picasso didn’t move. Her eyes were closed, now, and in the dim, dark-blue light of the moon through the curtains, the shadow of her tail swished lazily.
“I know, right? How stupid was that?” John laced up his final skate and gave it a satisfied tug. He turned to Sherlock. “You know how to put these on, right?”
Sherlock tightened his lips impatiently. “Do you get it? Because DNA helices are enzymes that remodel nucleic acid and proteins, splitting the double helix into single strands so that they can be copied in cellular reproduction.”
“Hi there!” she said. “Are you two busy right now?”
Calmly, Sherlock took a sip from the mug. Goddamn, that smelled—really good. Sherlock was a surprisingly-good cook, turns out, and that extended to various baked goods and drink concoctions, apparently. The hot chocolate inside the mug looked rich and shiny and creamy and smelled like heaven with marshmallows on top and John was
Without pausing from their stroll down the campus trails, Sherlock turned to face John, his jaw open and eyebrows shot up high to the sky, bright opal eyes shining theatrically. “Who, John?
“As I mentioned before, I wasn’t sure if he liked me back. And there wasn’t any reason to bring it up.”
Feisty little thing, she was. She made the two of them run rings around her. John loved it—was completely gone on her. Got antsy whenever she was out of sight for longer than twenty minutes, was constantly calling for her in a low, crooning voice. And she would always come, slinking out from underneath the coffee table or leaping from the windowpane into John’s lap or his arms, purring like a chainsaw (Mrs. Hudson’s cat’s name made more and more sense) and eyes closed with pleasure at John’s nails scritching through her fur.
that John’s breath caught. Something tumbled in his stomach.
John paused, shook his head. Paused, shook his head.
Sherlock nodded. “I’ll fetch the equipment, you get the chemicals.”
John laughed, though it still sounded weak to his ears. He sniffled. “Ugh, sorry about that. Hopefully your secret santa isn’t this much of a baby.”
He was very, very, very, very aware of Sherlock staring at him with the intensity of a thousand Suns.
He watched his reflection in the mirror begrudgingly twist into a confused, yet fond, smile.
“Uh-huh,” Sherlock muttered, ducking his head.
"Knows what?" Sherlock said, suddenly appearing right in front of them.
"Yes," John said. "I know.
“I am precariously close to dropping your precious kitten,” Sherlock said, and John was there before he could even finish the sentence.
Fuck!
“You’re good to go,” Lestrade told the other man, and then he grabbed Sherlock’s arm and began to stomp towards the parking lot.
he sneered.
Sherlock hummed. “I’d hardly worry. He considers you one of his favourite students.”
that was originally on his tongue. Sherlock could always tell when he was lying. He didn’t need a quirk to do it, either.
“What is it?” John asked.
“You think I was talking about that?” Sebastian came around his desk to come closer, and John felt his hands grow hotter, fire licking up to his elbows. “That doesn’t matter. It’s nothing physical, I assure you. No, Sherlock’s problem is within himself. The ice is just a side effect. The real issue is his own mind. You think you can put up with him? His
“Oh,” John said, embarrassment like a hoard of fire ants crawling up the back of his neck. “Right. Sorry about that.”
On bad days, frost would line the inky seams of the gloves (made of the finest silk and laced with Arctic sealskin) and Sherlock’s eyes would turn flinty and dull, tossing cutting remarks off an icy tongue. His apologies were stilted, slow, stumbling glaciers. A man of actions rather than words.
John took a quick, curious glance and saw
“A dead fish?” Sherlock said once they had parted again after a
John gave him a funny look. “So? It’s amazing. You’ll see.”
he also had a Browning tucked into his belt and a wicked-sharp dagger hidden up his trouser leg.
Sherlock paused for a long time before saying, “Yeah, it was.”
Sebastian steepled his fingers. “Is that what you really think, John? You’re blindsided. I was like you too, once, you know? Sherlock and I go way back. I’m only trying to be helpful. Advice for a rookie.” He sighed. “Peter Hochins is in a cabin in Charlesmith, fifteen minutes East from the lake. He should be there in… Oh, about twenty minutes. You could probably make it there in time if you hurry. I didn’t particularly care for him, anyway.”
Lestrade said, “Are you absolutely
“I’m not on drugs!” Sherlock said, sounding utterly and completely affronted.
an ass,” he said.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said.
"In that case, I wonder why he still manages to come in at the wrong measure every single bloody time."
“Jesus fucking—” John’s mind felt scrambled, thoughts pinging like pachinko balls in a twirling bingo cage. He ran his hands down Sherlock, immobile and unresponsive, and it was more out of instinct than anything that had him pushing the figure so that he was lying on his side in the semi-prone position. John grappled for one slender, pale hand (cold and clammy with the thin layer of water that slicked his skin from where John had dragged him out from the partially-frozen lake Peter Hochins had shoved him into before dashing away at a speed too fast to be human, that fucking bastard, John was going to knock him dead.) He pinched Sherlock’s nail, watched the colour seep through, rosy pink to a dangerous cream-white, much too slowly, in a way that sent his heart careening through his ribs.
and the follow-up to that would be
(And, no, he had literally drawn the winky face emoticon on paper. What the fuck, past self.)
“Really,” John huffed, quickly folding up said slip of paper and tucking it into his pocket. Then, faux-pleadingly (but almost not really), he leaned over and head-bumped the side of Sherlock’s neck.
With every word, John seemed to draw in closer, fingers tightening imperceptibly as they stroked the kitten’s back, the nape of her neck; gentle, tender, so very carefully. There was a glint in his eye that only grew with Sherlock’s blunt truths, the muleheaded look that Sherlock knew all too well, knew it wouldn’t end well.
“I know enough.”
from John’s ear, all low and rumbling heat, and John flinched so hard that his fingers clenched instinctively and he turned the stopcock all the way around. A flood of sodium carbonate solution shot down the burette and directly into the flask, immediately turning it a bright magenta.
“That can wait,” Sherlock said. “First, will you marry me?”
“Why did you do that?” Sherlock whispered.
Holy shit, he was so friendzoned he was being used as a placeholder for the real thing. “Yeah,” John said, his voice strained. “That’ll do it.”
Another pause, and then:
Miranda’s house was filled with knick-knacks and souvenirs, colourful trinkets and charms. Her words fell sweet as honey, and she could barter the most weathered of street sellers to mere pennies. Her bedsheets were robin’s egg blue. When John reached for her top, she stopped him.
The kitten stirred at the change in atmosphere, suddenly moving from the easy embrace of John’s arms to Sherlock’s stiff, careful hold. His estimate had been incorrect—she was lighter than he had imagined, perhaps by fifty grams or so. Even skinnier than she looked; all fur and no fat, her fragile bones shifted under Sherlock’s palms.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered. His eyelashes were coated with a layer of frost; they glittered in clumps and swooping arcs. Iridescent irises refracted in a shimmer in the faltering light.
"Irene," John said, in that whining-child voice of his. "At this point, I don't even know if I should ask him."
“You—I—oh, my—” John shook his head as if to shake the torrent of words in his throat into a more coherent order. “I can’t believe it. Seriously? I mean, really? Me? You would—with me?” Okay, so maybe they were still a bit tangled up.
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice getting lower and deeper, and holy hell John was going to
“I already told you I didn’t want to do the Petersberg case,” Sherlock said. “Taking a phrase from your boyfriend—
“I don’t know if I’m making my feelings clear enough,” Sherlock said, right out of the red-and-green, after half an hour of The Holiday.
Sarah was sweet, funny, and flirty. John did an internal cheer as he tried to catch her eye without her noticing. Chocolate croissants couldn’t be too hard, right?
Sherlock pointedly tapped a fork against a test tube and did not respond.
“Picasso,” he suddenly said. “Her name is Picasso.”
There was a harsh burst of satisfaction at the surprise that flitted past Sebastian’s face, but it was soon covered with another laugh: short and harsh.
Sherlock didn’t talk about it.
“He’s so oblivious that it would be funny if it weren’t so frustrating.” Sherlock blew out a breath between his teeth. “Especially over the past few days. It’s like he’s refusing to acknowledge it.”
When people speak to Sherlock, they see the glint of hard diamond in his eyes and the detached tone in his voice. They read about the way he shoots without hesitation, the time he put eighteen bullets through a man who was dead after the third. They don’t ever stick around long enough to watch the way he smoothed back the hair of a shivering child, halfway to shock in some disgusting fucker’s basement, pushing back damp curls to press a hard, fierce kiss to his forehead. They never get to hear his low, rough voice singing his mother’s favourite song, over and over, growing hoarse, until John’s tears ebbed and he stopped shaking, twisted in blankets reeking of fear and nightmares and hot desert sand.
But why would he keep it a secret from John, then?
“Do you need help?” he heard Sherlock say, approaching him.
Terribly, terribly distracted. At this rate, he’d be lucky to not accidentally pour the acid all over his hand in a daze.
John looked at Sherlock balefully. "Molly Hooper? She was your lab partner?" (Only because they weren't allowed to choose their own partners, he thought, with a little flickering fire of resentment. He nearly burnt himself on the Bunsen burner because he was too busy watching Molly twirl her hair and giggle at Sherlock.)
John really hoped this was going to work. He dampened the flames until it was a short, tempered glow, and placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek. A rogue spark leaped from his fingertips.
Mrs. Hudson, who was covered entirely head to toe in paint splatters from her hair to her apron to her thin, delicate ankles, just looked at them.
And now, he was learning that it was all more impossible than he’d even originally thought. He was starting to regret agreeing to this.
They watched the rest of the movie with Sherlock’s arm around John. At some point he began to play with his hair, lightly twisting the blond strands around his fingers, and John was too tired and too wired to tell him to stop, so he didn’t, and Sherlock didn’t, either.
John’s fingers trembled as they reached in and took out a ring.
“Still nothing,” Sherlock said.
"You'll like this one," John said, leaning in close enough that his lips began to tingle, slipping out just a few more words before he let their mouths meet completely. "Trust me."
frolicking about in his head. He haphazardly dropped the funnel into the sink, then returned to the burette. He placed a hand on the stopcock and began to turn.
"Fuck you," John said crisply, and then grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his coat. "I'm going to kiss you now," he declared.
“Wait, really? I was that obvious?”
“Shut up.” Sherlock finished lacing up his skates in silence.
“Go to hell, you fucking bastard.”
“Hey!” John protested, though not too heavily. He had finished that paper at four in the morning half-hungover. (Sherlock, of course, got a 97—the highest in the class and a goddamn miracle considering Faler was infamously-known for never handing out anything above a 95.)
Sherlock continued speaking. There was a freckle to the side of his left eyebrow. How had John never noticed that before?
Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard John could see it from the side of his head. "John, shut up."
She paused dramatically before continuing. “I want you to call your crush right now, and ask him out on a date.”
John’s eyelid twitched. “I think she likes you.”
Mycroft was holding his umbrella in his hands, even though the forecast said no rain until the weekend. He was smiling that smarmy smile that made Sherlock want to put chili flakes in his coffee and hide his favourite chess set all over again.
“Do you have to do this every time?”
John slowly pursed his lips. He let his cup of tea rest back onto the coaster on the table (the coaster that, by the way, was apparently utterly invisible to Sherlock judging from the teastains that ringed the wood. When John had called Sherlock out on this, apparently
John looked back up. Sherlock's fingers wrapped around his phone and tucked it back into his pocket, putting it away.
He cast away a glimmer of his attention to maintain his breathing, and directed the rest to the lax figure in front of him, chest barely moving and covered in the quickly-freezing remnants of the lake. They were turning to ice so fast that Sherlock seemed to gleam in the low evening sunlight. The glare made him look ethereal. Untouched. John felt a stutter in his chest and forced it down.
“Uh-huh,” John said, and spread his arms. “C’mon, then. Give me your best shot.”
"Nonetheless. That sounds like a terrible experience."
Sherlock tipped his head to one side. “Merry Christmas, John.”
John scoffed quietly and rolled his eyes. He stared down at the text on the screen, chewing on his lip, fingers hovering with trepidation, trembling, before he gritted his teeth and typed it out, pressing send immediately before he could lose his cool.
When John Hamish Watson was born, he had a fever of thirty-nine degrees, but his pulse was steady and his pressure was fine. His mother stroked his cheeks and felt the heat emanating out. John’s face was flushed and his eyes were big, strong, and steely blue. His wailing pierced through the hospital room.
“No, it’s not,” John said, so resolutely that Sherlock blinked. “Crushes aren’t stupid.
"But—wait." John screeched to a stop and looked, wide-eyed, at Sherlock, who suddenly looked very, very guilty. "Hold on a second. You
John was practically holding his breath.
It drifted upwards. It pressed against his cheek, soft and subtle.
-+-+-+-
John said, glaring at Sherlock in that lightly-scolding way of his, “is a girl. And
“Maybe a bit,” John said.
“I know,” John said for the third time, grimly.
“I can be dirty,” Sherlock said, and Lestrade made a retching noise.
curious as to who this guy is.”
It wasn’t perfect. In fact, it hardly ever was.
Both of those, John knows, are excruciatingly wrong.
Sherlock’s eyes had gone wide, shining in the glow of the light overhead. Slowly, deliberately, John pulled off his gloves and let them fall onto the table.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said.
-+-+-+-
Bullshit. Bugger this.”
John whirled around. Sherlock had his phone held up to his face. Emma waved.
Mycroft’s lips thinned into a humourless smile. “Sherlock refused to wear his own pair. He’d freeze them until they cracked. We went through half a dozen replacements and a great gap of our fortune trying to sedate him.”
anyone without hurting them. Isn’t that right, sweetheart?”
Irene said, raising her voice. "I HEREBY DECLARE THAT JOHN WATSON HAS A HUGE GAY CRU—"
They passed a church with golden lights glowing from the interior. Sounds of singing seeped through the door (Auld Lang Syne).
John changed his mind. Sherlock’s quirk was Not Good. So very Not Good, in fact, that he had half a mind to lock Sherlock inside his own house and border him up to the confines of four rock-solid walls, where he would go insane with ennui but come out of it breathing, alive, and
John just smiled.
“I—it’s a fucking cup of tea, Sherlock, it’s not quantum physics.”
John didn’t bother with reciprocating it. “Did you know?” he demanded.
The kitten mewled and headbutted the back of Sherlock’s hand.
It must have been the winter breeze, that made his chest constrict and his throat contract. John let his voice skim above the surface of true intent, lightly casual. “So what’s the real reason?”
The two of them stood like that for a while longer before Sherlock made the first move, walking towards John and rapidly closing the distance between them.
“Careful,” John said when they stood up, hobbled their way across the outdoor arena and towards the rink. “The blades are sharp.”
But, um. He’s been. Kind of. Um.” He fumbled for the right words. “He stood right in front of my bedroom door this morning.”
They hardly hurt, of course, less than paper cuts, even, but Sherlock scowled and washed them with disinfectant and glared at the kitten anyway.
“I thought we had already established that,” John replied when the sounds of the choir faded into the noises of the city.
Bracing himself for the incoming devastation of a rejection that was doubtlessly about to follow, he looked over to Sherlock.
Behind him, someone cleared his throat.
“John,” Sherlock says, and John quiets him, hushes him, shuts him up with a myriad of kisses until they both drift off to sleep, clinging to each other as easy as breathing. John sometimes feels like his heart was at half-power until Sherlock arrived and gave it the other half it needed to be whole.
Sherlock’s eyes were bright and curious as he watched John ramble on.
“Wait,” John said, “You know what I’m asking, right? You don’t think I’m asking about, like—being lab partners or something, right?”
has a highly-probable chance of not making the night.”
John took the tube home from a grueling shift at work. There was a nasty flu going around, and he’d seen enough snot and tears for a lifetime in the span of a few hours. He pulled out his phone, about to make a reminder to himself to wipe down the doorknobs and counters in the flat with disinfectant. God knew what chemicals and viruses Sherlock’s experiments had put all over every available square inch.
“What?” he said faintly.
Stomping away from the two of them, John made sure he was far away enough that he was out of hearing range, and then yanked his phone out of his pocket before blindly punching
Something inside John swooped. “So it
toast today.”
“Trust me?” John whispered.
Redecorating indeed. The paint—a rosy pink, like blushing peonies and peaches, was generously splattered throughout the entire flat. From the walls to the carpet to the tablecloth, a pitter-pattering of tiny pawprints was strewn all around, tracking the culprit from the corner of the room to the washroom doors, to halfway up the curtain before leaping onto the coffee table, where an artfully-placed pawprint stood, proudly displayed, on a vase full of daisies.
effortlessly, infuriatingly graceful Sherlock Holmes in a situation where he couldn’t be effortlessly, infuriatingly graceful.
Sherlock straightened his shoulders, stepped forward, and fixed Molly with a dazzling smile.
“John?” Sherlock said, and his voice was soft.
Molly’s eyes went huge.
John’s eyes were dancing. “Of me or the cat?”
in a sharp-edged scribble. He felt a throbbing in his temple.
Speak of the devil, he thought, when he saw the familiar car of Lestrade enter the parking lot and the two of them come out of it. He sipped his coffee that had gone cold by now and grimaced at the temperature while rolling his desk chair up to the window, watching them idly. Lestrade seemed to be angry about something, pinching his thumb and forefinger against that spot on his forehead the way he always did when he was upset. Sometimes on particularly long days, there would be a bruise on that spot by the end of the day.
"I'm going to the library," Sherlock said, monotone, and left.
Sherlock stared at John for another second, and then nodded. “Alright.”
“He picks you whenever you raise your hand, even if someone else does it first. He smiles at you when you leave his class. He gave you a 90 on the last paper when it clearly deserved nothing higher than an 80.”
John was quickly caught up in his thoughts. They whisked across the ice, passing other skaters left and right, John still skating backwards with Sherlock looking over him, guiding them through the gaps of the others. John realized that sometime during the last few moments, he had unconsciously sped up to his usual brisk pace, and Sherlock was keeping up quite easily.
John sucked in a breath. “You knew.”
“Sorry,” John said quickly. “I wasn’t thinking. It’s just, well, I’m curious is all, it’s not like I’m
“Oh, don’t you dare try that,” Mrs. Hudson said snippily. “You know exactly what you did, you little brat, you.”
Sherlock turned around and regarded John with a steely stare. John, refusing to back off, lifted his chin—cursing his height—and stared right back.
“Hng,” John said. Sherlock waited patiently.
Looking up, the back of Sherlock's head didn't seem to register any change in emotion as he read the text. John's eyes flickered down to the screen:
Sherlock stopped.
Maybe John can hold Sherlock’s hand over the table of a crowded restaurant, and indulge in the feeling that no one else gets to have this. Maybe John can wake up every morning and bask, uninhibited, in untamed curls and bright opal eyes, exchange sleepy smiles that only he’ll ever get to see.
He extended his own hand until John, with fingers that were still just slightly shaking, pushed the matching ring onto Sherlock’s slender finger. Satisfied, Sherlock then laced their left hands together, the familiar feeling sending waves of comfort through them both.
“Seventeen percent, to be exact.”
“Oh,” John said. “I knew that.” (He did. Really.) “I just, um. Forgot.”
There was a pause. In the background of the other side of the phone call, John heard someone speaking in an accent that sounded vaguely Welsh.
is coming home with us.”
John's mouth dropped open as he gaped at Irene. Sherlock directed towards her a similar, more put-together version of the look. "Why is everyone asking me that?"
“Okay,” John said, so faintly he couldn’t even hear himself.
said crushes
“John,” Sherlock said, “can I talk?”
he said, and then paused. “Unless you count high serotonin levels.” And then he winked.
His words died down when Sherlock didn’t seem angry, or interrupt with a barrage of curse words and cutting insults, or pull out a gun and shoot him off the ladder. “Sherlock? Are you alright?”
John.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock remained still. “He was my first relationship. I was in university and I was… inexperienced.”
Of course, he didn't actually say that.
John was about to retaliate with that one time Sherlock had gotten into trouble with the Dean when he broke into the chemistry labs trying to make caffeine pills and accidentally set off all the smoke alarm and sprinklers (creating an argument that subsequently led to Sherlock etching a copy of the keys to the chemistry labs and a contraband caffeine-pill business revolving throughout campus) when his recollection was suddenly interrupted by a harried-looking girl making her way towards the two of them. She had a camera hanging on one hip, its strap decorated in blue and pink chevron.
The only person second to John who saw past Sherlock’s sleet-slick mask was probably Mrs. Hudson, who brought them tea and hand-baked biscuits with an affectionate smile as she watched Sherlock duck his head down to give John his afternoon kiss, before thanking Mrs. Hudson and complimenting her on her baking.
Sherlock’s eyes took on that strange distant quality that was slightly unnerving, the one that meant he was quickly flicking through his mind catalogue in search of a term.
He sighed, and rubbed his temples with two fingers. Maybe he could just take a nap. It wasn't like he
Because when Sherlock says
This time, John very determinedly grabbed his mind by the lapels, shoved it menacingly against a wall, and intimidated it into not passing out.
He swallowed. He wondered idly if Sherlock’s gaze would burn a hole straight through his forehead.
Wilkes had jet-black hair, slicked back with what must have been half a jar of gel, and a sleazy grin to match.
to learn about aldehydes and ketones, really. He was more interested in, say, kinesiology. Or football. There were a lot of things he was more interested in than Chemistry, actually, and one of those things was sitting right in front of him, two rows ahead and one seat to the left, at this very moment—so it was rather understandable that whatever Ms. Grant was talking about went in one ear and immediately out the other.
“Scratched up all our sofas,” she hummed, smiling at John as he held open the door to their flat. “We even bought this sort of spray, you see, Cat Be Gone or something of the sort—smelled
“Um,” he said, and then coughed. He sent up a quick, silent prayer to whoever was listening that this wasn’t going to be a repeat of Baskerville, and picked up the teacup. He drew in a deep breath, blew it out across the surface of the teacup, watched it ripple out, and, slowly, took a tiny sip.
“He’s thoughtful,” Sherlock said. “He’s kind, and determined, and insurmountably loyal.”
And Sherlock
John's eyes on him—he swear it was true, sometimes; had eyes on the back of his dark curly head—Sherlock turned around enough to cast a single raised eyebrow at him.
With that, he turned towards the door. “Come on, John—let’s get her cleaned up.”
Sherlock snorted again. “Right, smooth.”
"Do we have to do this?"
Sherlock realized what John was doing and, with an indignant noise, tried to tug his hand away. John’s hand slid from Sherlock’s wrist to his fingers, where he held on tight as he began to speed up, pulling Sherlock along the ice. Sherlock’s fingers went slack as he tried to escape, and then tightened impossibly into a white-knuckled grip.
“I love rain,” John said weakly. (YOU KNOW WHO ELSE LOVES WHO MYCROFT SAID
At this, Sherlock fully lowered his paper to give John one of his patented
Sherlock faltered, and then fell into a consideration.
“That’s not controlling it, that’s concealing it.” John stroked his fingers down Sherlock’s arm and watched goosebumps rise up. “It won’t do you any good.”
Holmes?
John felt his lips tighten. “Afghanistan,” he said. Mind-readers were elite-level quirks, and most of them worked government jobs and were the type to wear sunglasses at night. Sherlock’s eyes were a harsh, pale blue, and he didn’t look away when John stared.
seemed to clash like oil and water.
John, you—” Sherlock shoved a hand through his hair. “You were driving me insane, do you know that?”
-+-+-+-
it’s you. There isn’t anyone else.”
Sherlock sniffed decisively.
“Found something,” John said, peering at the text message on his phone. “Lestrade has a tip for us: a connection. Someone with a tie-in and a grudge against Hochins, apparently. Their office is about fifteen minutes away. Might be able to persuade him to talk.”
John narrowed his eyes. “Hmm.”
“I’d thought so,” Mycroft murmured, and leaned against his umbrella. The umbrella. John hadn’t paid much attention to it in their first meeting, but now he saw. It was black, but instead of John’s matte, deep shade of leather, it gleamed.
John looked back to Sherlock with surprise. “You know, I’m really starting to like this guy. Seriously, how come you’ve never introduced me?”
He unlocked his phone. He had fourteen new messages from Lestrade, twenty-one new messages from Molly, and one new message from Anderson.
ready for winter break,” John muttered, pausing to gently bang his head against the locker before opening it. “I’m going to royally fuck my sleep schedule six ways to Sunday.”
“You said it needed more milk,” Sherlock said, all toddler accusatory and narrow-eyed.
“Any chance I could get an explanation as to why you’ve flirted—and
“People are alive because of you,” John tells him, and wonders how on Earth anyone could mistake this brilliant, glowing bundle of limitless devotion and fearless, violent care for anything else.
“Yeah, yeah,” John said quickly, embarrassment a creeping heat on his face. “It’s just—” He glanced at the television, where the fates must’ve taken pity on him, because Amanda was running back to Graham, orchestra music swelling to a crescendo in the background.
"Hmm," Sherlock said.
"No," John said. "Well, okay, maybe later. But one dance."
John shook his head, jiggled his leg, rapidly drummed his fingers along his jeans, and flapped at Sherlock with a ‘carry on’ gesture.
in the school knew. Hell, the janitor tsk-ed sympathetically when he saw John in the hallways. There was no way Sherlock didn't know. And yet...)
He let his gloves fall onto the floor, and showed his hands to Sebastian, his fingers flickering with flames. “My quirk balances his. He can’t hurt me.”
He paused for a while. “I’m done, now.”
"Hurry it up, Watson!" The coach's voice bellowed into the change room. "It's been twenty minutes! Stop primping and get the hell on with it!"
the paper read in a crooked all-caps, and below it,
“What the hell does that mean?”
John couldn’t watch any longer.
"You're a hot commodity, what can I say," Irene said breezily. "Who
“Fuck,” John mumbled, groping for his phone. Not even bothering to glance at who it was, he jabbed
"Yeah, but," John said uselessly. "But."
“You’re good at this,” he murmured. “Skating, I mean.”
John’s eyes were twinkling, endlessly and way too amused. “Don’t you know cats are like certain impossible people?”
As if he could
The ride to the office was thick with silence. When the secretary smiled at them and said, “Mr. Wilkes will see you now,” John watched Sherlock’s hand tighten around where it was gripping the tail of his coat, and pushed himself forwards to enter the room first.
“Two medium hot chocolates, please,” Sherlock responded, voice like velvet. “Whipped cream on both, if it’s not too much trouble.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. His voice sounded strange, like he was trying not to laugh.
I don’t wanna hear it. Unless you’re trying to tell me your crush is stupid, in which case fine, but I don’t think you should refer to your crush as an
“The cat hates me,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock had a funny look on his face, like he didn’t know how to arrange his features.
“Precisely.” Sherlock smiled, as insincere as a mannequin.
Sherlock turned back to Molly and gave her a winning smile. “Nothing,” he said. “Let’s get this over with.”
Next to them, John was still asleep, chest rising and falling evenly.
For the next hour, he ran, threw, and tackled all thoughts of Sherlock out of his mind. By the end of it, when they trudged back into the school, disgusting and breathless, John had nearly forgotten all about it.
“You haven’t gotten any better at controlling yourself,” Sebastian murmured. “Still shutting yourself out from everyone else. Alone is what protects you, Sherlock. People get close to you, they get hurt. Or worse. Are you really going to do the same to John Watson?”
Mycroft seemed to have a knack for finding abandoned warehouses that carried the ever-present flair of the dramatic and the noir. “John Watson,” he greeted.
“Yes, really!”
“I can’t see how we can discuss anything with you not there,” Sherlock said sweetly.
“What? How?”
Sherlock blinked, and then something flashed on his face and he scrambled to stand, the silverware falling to the table with a clatter that made John wince.
“I tried to hint at it, and then I tried to make it obvious, and then I tried to make it
When Mike Stamford showed up while he was sitting on a park bench on a grey Thursday afternoon, John didn’t need to fake his smile. It was a small smile, but more genuine than any others he’d given in years.
“I can’t do this,” Miranda had said. She sounded genuinely contrite, and John thought with a wormwood-like bitterness that it was the most he could hope for, really, more than that.
“Oh my god, why don’t you hate me?” John said desperately.
just tell me what’s going on?”
Sherlock yelled.
“I’ll make you tea, too.”
And maybe, John thinks, as he surreptitiously watches Sherlock from across the table on a rainy Sunday morning, hand tucked into his pocket and fingers clutching, tight and desperate, around a small, black, velvet-lined box—maybe he’s okay with that.
His tirade of self-pity was abruptly cut short when he heard Sherlock make a small noise next to him. John couldn’t quite make out what it was at first. Then he did it again, a little louder this time, and John realized that he was
The culprit of all this chaos was curled up in the corner of the flat which John had declared to be the Cat Corner, in a pile of extra wool blankets they kept in the cupboards for the winter. Bright, alert eyes peeked up towards them, tracking their every move. A tail poked through the blankets, swishing back and forth.
Sherlock’s lip curled. “The kettle was inefficient. It converted the majority of its joules towards insulation rather than heating itself. The bunsen burner has a much higher wattage, as well as a more sophisticated precision.”
Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes? Sherlock
Sherlock paused. “You talked to Mycroft,” he accused.
how scandalous!”
“I’ll send you a picture of him drunk and covered in glitter,” John said desperately.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock said, when John didn’t greet him like usual.
her?” Sherlock said. “Every time you call her name she comes dashing over like her tail’s been set on fire. And whenever she’s with me…” Sherlock dug his own arm out from where it was pinned under John’s body—John squirming just the slightest, he was ticklish—and raised his own hand, covered in barely-there scratches from the tip of his pinky to the point of his pulse.
He’s funny, I guess. A little snarky. He keeps me on my toes. He’s impulsive. He doesn’t think before speaking, and when he does it’s like an unplugged dam—the words just come tumbling out. He doesn’t know when to shut up sometimes. It’s endearing in a irrational kind of way.”
“OK,” he said. “Five minutes.”
A gust of wind engulfed them. John shivered.
After a moment, John did.
John swallowed the words back down. “Right,” he said. He put on his gloves. The leather was butter-soft and supple, and for once, John wanted to rip them right off.
“I know,” Sherlock said, watching Picasso dash around Mycroft’s legs, pouncing and growling and yipping, with a slow-burn feeling of glee.
(And through the layers and layers of his mind repeating the same statement over and over again with increasing levels of panic, he thought dimly that this was the absolute
A sigh, heavy and fond, into the speaker. “John,” Sherlock said, “sometimes I wonder how you can be so utterly dense.”
the best way to do that.”
John told that to Sherlock, who twisted his fingers into his lap and looked at them instead of John.
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up to the ceiling. "No, they aren't. They're made of ground-up chicken carcasses."
"Uhhh," John said. "Chemistry," he said, the first thing that came to his mind.
“We’re kind of in a hurry,” John said.
“John Watson, ‘innit?” he asked heartily. John didn’t need to affirm it. Mike had never forgotten a single name in his forty or so odd years of his life. It didn’t matter if he saw them once or twice or twelve times.
Sherlock took the paper from John’s hands and tucked it back into his pocket. “Still, I’d like to think I succeeded.” He took the box from John’s hands and placed it back into his locker. “There’s nothing in it. My real gift’s at home. I thought the tag would be enough but apparently it wasn’t.” He gave John a long hard look. “I honestly can’t tell if you’re joking at this point.”
“Cabin in Charlesmith,” John said. “Twenty minutes. Fantastic.”
“That’s so cute,” Emma said, oblivious to John’s emotional angst. “Now, for the next part of this film. You can decline if you really want, but I highly suggest that you follow through—especially after everything I’ve heard so far.”
“A little over a year ago,” Sherlock said. “Sixteen months, to be exact. We were walking along the forest trails, and it started raining. He was wearing nothing but a t-shirt, so I gave him my coat. Then I realized that I didn’t want him to take it off.”
“Oh,” John said stupidly. “Okay.”
Then, without the distractions of the outside world, his senses heightened. Snowflakes melted into his skin, an icy breeze chilled his cheeks; the constant whistle of the wind cooed into his ear.
Lestrade had had one hell of a day. Not including the toe stub on the interrogation chair (significantly lowering his intimidation points), the coffee spill on his one good shirt (blue-and-white pinstriped, classy), and the fact that Sherlock had been right, once again (bastard; he had one hell of a longing to throw him in the lake to see if he floated), the aforementioned Sherlock was now looking at him with one of the smugest looks in the planes of existence.
“OK,” he said.
“I know, right?” John grinned and wiggled his eyebrows. “Anyway, tell me about this crush.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
Picasso still hated him. Sherlock was sure of that.
which was 1. horribly, devastatingly cliche and 2. stupid, because it wasn’t like John was everything in Sherlock’s life and he obviously could see other people, have other friends, date someone who wasn’t John,
“Gee, thanks,” John said sarcastically, and his confusion ramped up another level when he saw Emma throw her head back and start to laugh. “Can you
“Sherlock,” John said, and the
John reached over and grabbed Sherlock’s hand. Ice was beginning to form between the cracks of his knuckles. John intertwined their fingers, and it trickled down their wrists, dew-like.
Picasso blinked at him, languid, and then stretched out her long, graceful body before settling herself down right on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock waited for a moment longer, and then said, “They won’t pick up.”
"He does, though."
“Or I’ll make you.”
On bad nights, when they’re both world-weary and stripped to their bones, adrenaline spilled away into the mist, Sherlock curls around John and holds him so close John feels his heartbeat hit his chest. Most of the time, it’s silent, desperation in his actions speaking for themselves. Other times, they bleed out as harsh, murmured words into his skin, damp collarbone warmed with breath. “I hate it when you’re hurt,” he whispers. “Sometimes I wish you were never here.”
The kitten
John sighed. “Sherlock, what did you do this time?”
“I forgot those,” John said.
John nearly stumbled. “Thanks,” he said, too surprised to come up with a snarky response. He cleared his throat. “You’re a really fast learner.”
"So can we?"
He got up. Sherlock followed.
“And he made me tea,” he said.
“I’m usually much better,” John said immediately once they had parted. “At kissing, I mean. Like, way better, seriously, what the hell, the only time I actually care about this shit—oh my god, what am I even talking about, can you shut me up please fuck no I didn’t mean kiss me again even though I’d be totally cool with that if you were down to kiss a dead fish again, seriously what the fuck—”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, casting a exasperated look up to the ceiling that at this point served as a comfort after what the fuck had just happened. The sight of this familiarity jolted enough courage back into Lestrade to get some more words out.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said, endlessly patient.
"Hey, wait up!"
“Maybe it was more difficult in elementary school, but I have ample evidence to believe that your self-control has bettered since then. Take them off.”
The phone beeped, long and trilling.
He took a deep, decisive breath, and then climbed the ladder until he was standing on the third rung. He extended a hand, outreached, that hovered over the fire alarm for one second before grasping it and twisting until it clattered off the ceiling.
John held out a fake microphone. “And who has fallen the almighty Ice Queen?”
“Oh, come on,” John coaxed. “I’ll tell you mine if you tell me yours.”
John was making tea. His hand froze midway through pouring the kettle, and he watched as a droplet of water skittered onto the countertop.
He was making a mental list of ingredients he would need when a small noise coming from his side drew him out of his thoughts. John looked over to see Sherlock looking at his slip of paper with an expression of vague horror and shock.
John snorted. “Sorry. I forgot how alarmed you get about sex.”
Sherlock seemed like he wanted to say something, but then decided against it. He turned his attention back to the movie. John tried desperately to do the same himself.
worth fifteen percent of your mark.” Mrs. Darcy took the time to sweep her piercing grey gaze across the class of students. “Stations are first-come, first-serve. Chemicals are in the back and equipment is here at the front. I’ll be choosing your lab partners for this.” She raised the clipboard in her hands, and began to read. “Miriam and Tom. Trevor and Harry.”
according to Lestrade—with half of Scotland Yard?”
Sherlock was, as it turned out, not on drugs after all.
“Oh, Jesus,” he said.
“Remember when I said I was going to regret this?”
John was silent for a moment. “Arse,” he finally settled on, and then got up from the couch with a creak and a sigh. “Here,” he said, “hold her for a moment while I get the cat bed set up then.”
“I already know you got Sarah,” Sherlock said offhandedly.
The streets of London were alight with life. John followed close, his chin ducked into the collar of his coat, matching Sherlock stride for stride. They weaved through the crowd of pedestrians with heads turned down against the wind, each with their own destination in mind; paths crossing before splitting apart. The snow fell in downy clumps, feathery and damp against the fabric of John’s coat, pinpricks on his cheeks—speckled on Sherlock’s collar, scattered over tumbling curls.
John woke up to the fire alarm.
They were fifteen minutes away from the nearest shelter, the run-down cabin with a fireplace filled with rotting logs where they’d found the first few bodies. John had already called for reinforcements. Scotland Yard would arrive faster, but not fast enough.
John grabbed the second, unfilled mug—the one that wasn’t his, with one cube of sugar accompanying the teabag. He carried it to the kitchen sink and opened the tap until it was brimming with water.
Sleepy, Sherlock thought, aghast, and wondered if having a soft purring kitten in his arms had momentarily reduced John into a state of maternity. “It
“Alright,” Emma said, jerking John from his thoughts. She was standing a few paces away, camera adjusted and pointed straight at the two of them. “Introduce yourselves, please—if you feel comfortable, that is.”
Sherlock drew closer menacingly, towering over John. His eyes grew darker as he pinned him with a look. “John, what’s going on?”
“Huh?” John said. “Oh. Um. Hold him, I guess. Comfort him.”
Instead, nestled into the grooves, there was something small, silver, and shiny.
“Sharp enough to beat a horse to death, evidently,” Sherlock said.
“Spoilsport.”
He sat down. John joined him. A foot of space—it seemed to crackle, the air bending and fluctuating between them. John’s breath turned to billowing clouds in the air.
“You decided to have eggs and toast for breakfast because it’s Christmas Eve,” John recited.
-+-+-+-
there had to be a pun somewhere but for once in his life John had more important things to deal with at the moment), and seeing him like this was like walking on thin ice (heh), to the point where he didn’t know the right thing to say. He never was one to pick his words carefully, and he didn’t want to mess things up, not when it came to this.
"Okay," John said. "That's good."
"Wanna go to—" he got out, and then his nerves kicked him in the stomach like an agitated mule and he abruptly swerved so hard he nearly choked. "The cafe with me after school to study?" he finished in a strangled voice.
Sherlock’s hands fell from their rigid positions, fingers twining into John’s. “I trust you,” Sherlock said, and John felt something warm light up in his chest.
“John,” Sherlock said, “would you like to have dinner with me tonight?”
"And tomorrow, you're going to come to the dance with me."
Sherlock held out his arms awkwardly, and John stilled, the kitten hovering inches above.
The floor went out from beneath his feet.
“Don’t say it,” Sherlock said. John just grinned.
“Like two sides of the same coin,” Mycroft said.
John shut up.
“Come on,” Sherlock said abruptly. “Let’s walk.”
starts crying.”
John took it in stride, gently pushing past Sherlock to get to the kettle, their shoulders bumping together. “In case, by some
not John’s third worst kiss. In fact, it didn’t even place.
“Just serotonin,” Sherlock responded, and for the love of all that was holy someone get him a bucket.
“Tell me?” he cooed, peering up at Sherlock through his eyelashes.
For a moment, Sherlock smiled in a way that made his whole face go soft, and his eyes took the light and refracted a pale opal blue, and he looked so apprehensive and vulnerable and
And John did.
Sherlock would be on his laptop, reading about the latest missing persons case in the city, when she would pounce onto the keyboard, closing the tab and opening a whole new slew of applications and windows and error messages. She would roll onto her back, exposing her white, fluffy belly, and then scrape her claws down Sherlock’s hand in long, stinging scratches.
“We should head back,” he said.
“Seems backwards to me,” Sherlock said. “Seems pretty stupid to try something that most likely isn’t going to work out. With the added features of potential embarrassment and future awkward tension between the two of them.” He raised both his eyebrows. “What a package deal.”
"Why not?" Sherlock said, expression cooling. "Is it so surprising? I'm not popular enough to get asked to dances? They must've been joking, then. Because no one would actually want to go to the dance with me, right? If it makes you feel any better, John, I said no to all of them. I wouldn't want to go to a stupid dance, anyway. Not with those six people. Not with anyone—except—"
Sherlock rolled his eyes even harder as John pushed open the door.
"Yup," John said cheerfully, and bit down on his tongue, hard, before he could dig himself any deeper of a hole.
"Yes, I
“Sherlock,” John said. It seemed like he’d forgotten how to say anything else.
“I’m not jealous. Shut up.”
John cut off when he heard a giggle, faintly-hidden, coming from Emma. “What?” he said.
“Oh,” John said, and thought,
John read. “That’s an asshole move.”
John snorted. “Okay, princess,” he said, and walked into the living room to sit down at the coffee table, ignoring Sherlock’s affronted noise.
“And now?”
John just laughed, and smiled, and murmured to the kitten to
Sherlock glared, but it was significantly less effective than usual. “Shut
John smiled and tried not to look towards his bedside drawer, where he had a book on the history of bees hidden for Christmas Eve.
Shocked, John turned to look at Sherlock, and his suspicions were confirmed when he was met with opalescent eyes bright with mirth, and a mouth cracked in an impish smile.
Sherlock hesitated. “It’s s—”
“Uh,” John said.
that?”
Sebastian raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Nothing that wasn’t true.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” John said, dramatically pressing a hand to his chest. “First lesson of skating: don’t cling onto the railing like a limpet.” He gave Sherlock’s hands a pointed look.
“You good?” he wheezed out to Sherlock, hoping beyond hope that he had hallucinated the past five seconds.
“Oh my God,” John murmured, “you are.”
John said, “Yeah, you need to practice.”
“Llama milk!” Sherlock said. “I should’ve known.” From out of nowhere he whipped out an honest-to-earth legal pad and pen and started furiously scribbling something down.
Across from it, wild dark curls peeked up from above an open newspaper. When John didn’t sit down, the newspaper lowered to reveal bright, slate-grey eyes attached to the curls. They gazed at John innocuously.
When John’s phone rang for the third time, he snapped.
John felt like the carpet had just been pulled out from below his feet.
Lestrade had half a mind to laugh while the other half was rewinding through their goose chase of a case and trying to remember if, at any circumstance, Sherlock had accidentally been doused and pumped full of nitric oxide.
Sherlock eyed him warily, and then opened his mouth.
"I've got twenty minutes," Sherlock said, directing his piercing eyes straight at John. "What does everyone in the bloody school know?"
He tried his best to smile at Sherlock, though it was definitely more of a grimace than anything else. "Don't worry about it," he soothed. "It's nothing, really."
nearly ten,” he reasoned instead of saying that thought out loud, because while John was indeed cooing quietly and saying words like
Sherlock’s eyes got even huger. “Mycroft told you to
When John was five years old, he had his first proper birthday cake. He stared at the tiny flame on the single candle atop the homemade vanilla-blueberry cake, gaze unwavering, attention not swayed even by the rattling of neatly-wrapped gifts to his side. When John’s mother turned her back on him for a single moment to grab the plates, John giggled, surged forwards from his seat, and grabbed at the open flame.
John took a deep breath.
Sherlock said, and then crowded John against his locker and kissed him.
“See for yourselves,” she said grimly, opening the door further. Sherlock entered, John inching in after him, treading the doorjamb like a warzone.
you meant
“Five minutes,” he said quietly. “There’s a bench not far from here. We’ll stay there for five minutes and then you can leave.”
Lazily sprawled across the bench, Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Lestrade gritted his teeth and tried to calm himself down by thinking of a nice, relaxing movie when he got home. With popcorn and snacks.
Sherlock stopped walking completely. John nearly tripped.
“You burned
“So I’m heading out the door, right? But I’m carrying so many books that I don’t really see where I’m going, and right as I step outside, guess who I immediately run into?”
Sherlock’s quirk had a tendency of bringing out the worst in people. Mixed with his poison of choice in career, a tongue resembling a dagger, and an adrenaline junkie’s cold hard habits, and it was a miracle he hadn’t gotten himself killed yet.
“This part makes me cry every time,” John stated, feeling relief that it wasn’t a total lie, because it did make him cry every time; it was just that, this time, it was because of something else.
John was convinced the universe hated him today.
His inner turmoil was interrupted by a tap on his shoulder. He spun around, heart ratcheting, and caught sight of the exact set of dark hair and dazzling eyes that he had just been running himself in circles over.
, John readjusted his hold on the stopcock and yanked it in a jittery, jerky motion.
Sherlock said, “If you were an enzyme, I’d be DNA helices so that I could unzip your genes.”
“Sure,” John said, and quickly back-pedalled. “If you’re okay with it, that is. I mean, if you wanted to go first I’d let you.”
“Who says I am?” John said with such a wide-eyed look that Sherlock snorted. “OK, I am. But seriously, this could mean something!” He clambered a bit. “They’re your secret santa, right? This could be your chance to get to know them! Or, for them to notice you. Or for them to notice you like them. Or whatever, I don’t know anything about them right now but that’s why I’m asking you, so that I can help you more, see how smooth that transition was?”
“I need to move out,” he had said. “I can’t do this anymore.”
“Brilliant!” Emma chirped. “It’ll be you, then.”
“That
“Thanks,” John said.
Sherlock raised his chin a fraction. Something in his eyes flickered before gaining strength once more.
John rolled his eyes so hard they hurt, and hoped it projected all the way across the room and was received by Sherlock. “What was it, then?”
“Ah,” Mycroft said.
“Oh, shit,” John said. “I mean, uh—oops.” Embarrassed, he grabbed the goggles and put them on. “Thanks for grabbing me a pair.”
Silently, Sherlock raised a hand and tapped John with the pad of his index finger right on his lips. John immediately went silent, cross-eyed.
“Beyond my expectations,” Mycroft responded, and it surprised John enough that he fell silent.
John put down the kettle and stared at the wafts of steam curling up from the mug. “I don’t—need to,” he said, biting down the word
“Only if I get to name her,” Sherlock finally said.
around.”
Sherlock made a little noise of acknowledgement. John waited for him to speak, and when he didn't after a moment, prodded tentatively, "So are you going to say yes?"
when his mind caught up to the second half.
After wishing his parents good night and a merry Christmas, John turned his attention to the screen and watched until the credits faded into a black screen and the background music dissolved into silence.
“Fuck,” he said eloquently, and let his head fall back against the ice.
John gave up. “Okay, then,” he said, and went into the living room.
“Good girl, Picasso,” John cooed, scratching behind her ears.
“Oh, hello,” Molly said, and then her eyes fell on Sherlock. “Oh, hello,” she repeated, and, woah, her voice had gone up at least two octaves. “I haven’t seen you here before.” Definitely at least two octaves. John slowly came to a realization. Oh, no.
― George R.R. Martin, A Song of Ice and Fire.
“Don’t do that, either,” John said, and before Sherlock could huff and roll his eyes, deposited the kitten into Sherlock’s arms. “Stay,” he told the two of them, and then scurried off for the box at the door labelled
“In the laundry room,” Mrs. Hudson replied. “She’s having a little time-out.”
“Sex doesn’t alarm me,” Sherlock said a little too quickly.
"What?" John said. "What do you mean? Are you really going to say yes? To Molly?" He felt something hot trail down his spine. "Sherlock, you—"
Because John was there when the two of them collapsed at the bottom of a stairwell, giggling like two schoolchildren, faces flushed and chests heaving to catch their breath. He was there when Sherlock’s eyes searched for John’s in a dingy, low-lighted swimming pool, hands rock-steady and gaze filled with absolution, spilling over the brim with a flood of (lovetrustfear) emotions so intense it made his breath stutter, his pounding heart skipping a single beat. He was there when Sherlock grinned up at him through long, thick lashes over a dinner of the best food John had ever tasted, that had nothing to do with the food itself and everything to do with the company. He was there when Sherlock crowded him against a filthy alleyway wall and kissed him so hard and fast it made his knees weak, slow-melting into soft, soft, soft kisses, one after the other, each speaking their own song of devotion and passion loud enough for John’s blood to turn to cherry wine, hot and sweet and heady.
John nodded and smirked. “But you really do need to work on your pick-up lines.”
he’s saying,
John heaved a sigh through gritted teeth. “That’s not my point,” he said. “It doesn’t matter whether or not you know it, it’s if you believe it.”
In John’s arms, Picasso stirred, then looked up.
“Mm, cheap hit,” John said, but let Sherlock kiss him anyway.
Usually, they’d ask Mrs. Hudson to kittensit for them, if it wasn’t too much of a hassle—the landlady was all too eager to sit down with a cup of tea in her rocking chair and ambiently stroke the sleeping cat in her lap for hours on end. Fulfilling her true purpose as a cat lady, she joked, and Sherlock kissed her on the cheek and said that she would be one of the best. Sometimes, Mrs. Hudson would be the one to bring it up—casually, she would think, though it was blatantly obvious the ways she inserted the cat into the conversation, knocking on their door for morning tea and whistling that high little squeal that would bring the cat pattering into the room in search of Mrs. Hudson’s famous tuna treats that Chainsaw supposedly
a crush!”
looked disappointed, and John heard faint alarm bells strike up into a constant ringing in his head.
-+-+-+-
The cat shuffled around to peer up at them, her eyes huge and wet and pitiful, all bleeding innocence. Forget puppy eyes—she had those down to an art form.
“She would also be high as a kite for over three days, with the doses you’re recommending.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Lestrade muttered. He collected the batters of his pride and thrust it to the front of his mind before opening the door.
twelve
“Oh,” John said, feeling something like honeyed sunshine trickle down his spine. “Yeah, Sherlock. I’d love to.”
-+-+-+-
“You’re wrong.”
“You know,” Sebastian said. “Why don’t both of you sit down? Have a cup of tea? Play a little catch-up?”
Sherlock felt cold under his palm. He flinched at first contact, then shuddered, then went still, his chest rising and falling an inch with every breath.
"Sherlock—" John started, desperately.
“But, really, the fire alarm?”
John stared at Sherlock's back until it disappeared around the corner. "Fuck," he said heavily.
Molly turned.
“It’s a good thing we never hoover, then,” John said, directing a bit of a pointed look towards Sherlock, who scowled.
were my date and talking to the barista like that.”
to cats.”
was really not the best idea, now, having those tiny sharp claws digging into his head, and in a split second Sherlock decided that having John verbally scalp him was infinitely a better option than being actually scalped, and he loosened his hold and dropped the kitten from halfway up his height.
Maybe the universe was having a good day after all.
He was already halfway through a sentence before the call beeped to indicate that they were connected.
He was in love with Sherlock.
“Well, how else was I supposed to get the height right? I’m so much taller than you.”
flourishing the way it was if Mrs. Darcy didn’t ramble on and on and on and
“You’re a grumpy elf,” he said instead.
Sherlock chewed on his lip. “That’s the confusing part for me. It’s—he keeps giving off so-called signals, I suppose, but never more. It’s almost as if he does it as a joke, or like he doesn’t realize he’s doing it. Or like he’s pretending it isn’t there.”
“Where did the kettle go?” John asked, retrying.
“Why not?” Sherlock said.
John glanced back to steer them narrowly out of the way of a passing couple, and said, “So I think you’re going to be a-OK for your future date with your secret santa. Unless he’s really good, in which case, you can hang around while he does triple-axels.”
John sighed.
To which Sherlock responded, “You’re still a thief, because you stole my heart.”
John was simultaneously going to pass out and combust. “I’m
Only he can see those vulnerable moments that Sherlock trusts enough to let slip through his guard of frost and ice. Only he can love Sherlock the way Sherlock loves John.
"You should go do that," John said, pieces clicking together in his head. "Right now. That would definitely be a good idea."
"Monday," Sherlock mumbled.
“And a bit of a dick, too,” Sherlock said, “if you ask me.”
John’s mouth went dry. “Um,” he said.
A dangerous glint appeared in Sherlock’s eye. He said, “Are you a carbon sample? Because I want to date you.”
John’s thumb and index finger were still on the corner of his lips. He blinked slowly, and then dragged them across to the other side, unzipping.
“How very unexpected,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock redialed. John’s phone vibrated again. Goddamnit, was it that stupid telemarketer who wouldn’t leave him alone? He answers
“Are you cold?” Sherlock said without turning his head.
John said triumphantly.
John sat in the far left corner of the classroom, next to the fume hood. It was just far enough to not be overly conspicuous, and just close enough that he could, every once in a while, casually send his gaze drifting to the right side of the classroom, subtle as can be, to catch glimpses of dark hair that tumbled in soft-looking curls over bright, piercing eyes that changed colour with the sun.
Sherlock stepped closer. Still smiling. “Really.”
“Not particularly,” he said. “Why?”
Whose expression was one of someone who was utterly, utterly charmed.
And maybe Sherlock is okay with that, too.
First, there was nothing.
Sherlock sighed like John had asked for him to carry Mount Everest on his shoulders. "Fine," he said graciously.
The air was dark and murky. Lights beneath the arena lit up the ice in a pale, glowing blue. The wall surrounding the rink was dappled with red and green bulbs.
“Where is Peter Hochins?” Sherlock said, crisply, curtly.
“Oh my god,” John said immediately, “you like them.”
“Seventy-one degrees!” Sherlock tried to scowl and broke into a grin.
side of him had been significantly damaged when he ate a mouthful of ice along with an epiphany that was a few years too late that came a few short hours ago.
“That was worth every box of cat litter,” Sherlock declared.
Right before John shut the door to the washroom, he heard the pitter-patter of hurried slippers down the stairs.
Sherlock. You never say please and thank you to
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock said, but laughed (see?).
“A cat,” Mycroft repeated, and then his lips curled up and his eyebrows flattened. “I’m
(Which, out of context, sounded very strange. And intriguing. Sherlock filed it down for later consideration.)
“I,” John said. “What? No I didn’t. How did you know?”
face.
John stilled. “Comforting,” he finally settled on (tacking on a note to take off the ring and sanitize the ever-living shit out of it before putting it back on for the holiday party tonight and—oh,
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said, “I made sure it wouldn’t give you americium radiation poisoning.”
“Is that all?” Sherlock asked.
John stared at the phone in his hand.
John pursed his lips and reminded himself that homicide was illegal in this country. “You don’t even eat toast,” he said through gritted teeth. (He didn’t eat eggs, either, he wanted to add, and even if you did you never burned them because you like them goopy in the middles and nice and runny, so what the hell was going on?)
“Have you
And John had fallen silent.
Turning his face to look at John entirely, Sherlock gave John a look that indicated he was being, according to his own words, an utter dimwit.
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice so quiet and low it was nearly a purr. “We’re at station nine.”
John sighed. “Professor Faler.”
Words clustered in John's mouth, swarming at his lips. He kept his mouth doggedly shut, so close to the precipice but backing out at the last second, yet again.
“Come on,” John coaxed.
“Don’t worry about it,” Lestrade said, already turning to leave. He gripped Anderson by the shoulder. “Nice work today, Anderson. See you tomorrow.”
John wishes with every inch of him, every breath and cell, that they could see Sherlock for what he truly was. The way his defences crumbled in the face of a quiet kiss, a gentle caress, a soft
When people meet Sherlock, they make two major assumptions about him. One: that he’s an asshole. Two: that he’s a sociopath.
A murmur,
“Let’s go, John,” Sherlock said.
"Oh, me? Nah," John breezed. "I hung back to do some homework." (Actually, he sat in the library and alternated between checking his phone, listening to music, and casting anxious gazes at the clock and then out the window, all while avoiding the librarian's knowing smile. Seriously,
“I’m not sure why I like him, to be honest,” he said.
Sherlock said all of this slowly, deliberately, and then very resolutely turned his eyes to the floor. The blush that had faded had returned in full force, a rosy pink dusted across his cheeks. He bit the corner of his lip as if fending off a smile, his eyebrows drawn with nervousness.
The silence that had followed was thick as treacle and twice as bleak. In his seat, John shifted awkwardly and channeled his frustration through his gaze, hoping that, as the landlady of Sherlock Holmes, she understood his struggle.
“Yeah, okay,” John said, a parade of phrases along the lines of
John snickered and skated past Sherlock and then back over in a small figure-eight because yeah, this was like the only thing he had over Sherlock and he was definitely going to milk it for all it had. “Anything for love, right? Not really romantic if your secret santa does triple-axels around the rink while you clutch to the railing like a lifeline.”
John said.
Sherlock kissed him for quite a while longer than 0.5 seconds, which, hell, showed his devotion, because John had gone completely slack after that and was probably doing an accurate impersonation of a dead fish.
In his arms, Picasso purred and butted her head against Sherlock’s hand.
Lestrade entered swiftly, Sherlock following.
“Even harder to get off satin tablecloth,” Mrs. Hudson cut in.
“Of course,” Sherlock muttered, sounding like he wasn’t sure whether to be sarcastic or not. He yanked hard at the heel and then hissed. “The blades are sharp.”
His ensuing turmoil only grew when he saw that Sherlock was actually going through with it, long fingers dipping into his pocket to retrieve his cell.
They didn’t cancel each other out as much as they created something new altogether. Fire and frost, encased in a waltz. Fragile and explosive and worth every burn.
“You can come in,” John continued. “Have a cup of tea. I’m sure Mary would be fine with that.”
He had an extremely-alarming thought for an instant that perhaps he was going through some sort of twisted Groundhog Day, and then he checked his phone and saw that it was Christmas Day, and he flopped a hand over his face and kicked the covers off of his body.
Sherlock had said—
Sherlock cursed softly. “You asshole.”
trail and it had started to rain, Sherlock had given
Sherlock sounded slightly strained. “I guess you can.”
I thought you were going to kiss her hand back there!” John hissed, trying to keep his voice out of Molly’s range of hearing.
His gloves came off. They lay gently on the counter; inconspicuous, innocuous. John cupped the mug in both hands, and let out a deep breath through pursed lips as he watched it begin to steam.
Picasso squirmed one last time before settling down entirely. In her sleep, she began to purr, deep and loud as a muscle car.
What.
“You call yourself his partner, do you?” Sebastian spoke softly, sweetly, saccharine. “Good luck with that. Sherlock couldn’t even
"That's because everyone's trying to get enough nerve to ask their crush to dance."
There was a certain tightness around Sherlock’s lips that gave away his nervousness. He blew out a breath through his nose and uncurled his fingers.
“Language.”
(god, even his own mind was turning against him) and that explanation was so many words that it all got caught up again and John swallowed, his throat gummy and dry.
John lived in a dingy, dusted flat five floors up. His lifestyle of cheap food and no pets meant his pension could suffice for a more spacious home, but he found that he didn’t really care.
“Well,” Sherlock said, and shrugged. “I figured if I didn’t give you a nudge you’d spend the rest of the term staring at me and not saying a word.”
Sherlock’s lashes trembled. His lips parted on the slightest exhalation.
“I told you,” Sherlock said, rounding the corner. A lick of hair had sprung up, unbidden, right over his left ear. John’s fingers twitched. “I burned some eggs.”
"Pressure me my
Suddenly, the spot on his cheek flared, a burst of heat. The metal band around his fourth finger felt very, very cold. In the distance, the faint toll of the bell tower struck and swept through the forest.
“Right,” Sherlock said, the corner of his lip quirked. “I thought I could use this opportunity to perhaps make my feelings known, although the fear of rejection is hindering that decision at the moment.”
“You’re supposed to be on a date with your secret santa, you can’t do that to the poor guy.” John firmly shook his head. “God, I’m so glad we decided to act this out beforehand.”
“Sherlock,” John said, “if you wanted to practice flirting, you could’ve just said so.”
“Don’t you want me here?” John breathes back, and feels Sherlock’s hold on him grow stronger, tighten infinitesimally.
John heard inside his head, and the hand fell away from his face.
“What?” the man said again.
John watched as Sherlock withdrew his finger. He licked his lips; stammered. "Oh."
His mother let go. John waved his hands and sent sparks flying.
By the time John paused to take in a breath, his chest was heaving, but the weight on his shoulders felt subtly lighter. Who knew telling someone off was so cathartic?
John toed off his shoes, hung up his coat, and walked to the kitchen where, as predicted, Sherlock was mixing something that smelled toxic, stirring with their silverware. Mrs. Hudson was going to weep.
Sherlock looked like he wanted to gently strangle something. “That’s all you have to say?”
Letter by letter, John takes Sherlock’s language and takes it apart and learns it all. He grows to understand, to comprehend his silence and draw words from the tense way he holds his shoulders when he’s stressed, to the soft bleed of pain in his eyes when he’s patching John up after a case gone awry.
Sherlock nodded. “Sorry, Mrs. Hudson,” he said. “I might have some solvent you can use for your tablecloth.”
Luckily, Sherlock handled the acid. He handed John the bottle that read
He opened his eyes. His hands were flushed, but the flames were snuffed.
But he knows, deep down, that that’s not the whole story. As Sherlock reminds him every day, John Watson is the only one for him. Forever and always, he says, with the same certainty in his voice he carries while declaring a cause of death, a confirmed suspect.
This wasn’t a very surprising thing. He’d woken up to the fire alarm approximately twice a month. It had gotten to the point where, upon hearing the shrill chirping of the overhead speakers, the initial flight-or-fight response that had been drilled into him from years of training was slowly sanded away, and now when he woke up to the fire alarm, he simply stared at the ceiling and wondered, once again, how morally unsound it would be to wrench the bloody thing off the plaster and toss it at his flatmate’s dark curly head.
He couldn’t quite tell under the blue light, but John could swear Sherlock was blushing. “Then teach me how to get off the railing, then,” Sherlock muttered.
“I need you here,” is the inevitable reply. “I need you here, and alive, and safe, and undamaged, and I know that’s impossible, and I hate that so much, John, I hate it so much.”
John turned his head to look at Sherlock, trying to hide the affronted expression that was pushing its way to the surface. That was
John drummed his fingers on the desk, eager to hear the name of his partner. He wasn’t delusional enough to think she would pair him up with Mike (not after that one time with the sulphur; he still gagged whenever he smelled eggs). Maybe Sarah. Sarah was nice. Smart. Or maybe William. They worked well together.
Frost was crawling up his slim, pale wrists. His fingertips were covered in ice.
"Sherlock," John said, too startled to say anything else.
John bristled and clasped his hands together behind his back. He felt dirty just standing there. Sherlock’s face had arranged itself into an expressionless mask.
“No,” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock gave John a hard stare. “John, it’s been raining every single day for the past week.”
John felt alarm prickle down his spine.
Next to him, Sherlock made a noise so quiet John nearly missed it through the pulsing rage in his ears.
“Doesn’t know what?” John said.
“Just take it, John,” Sherlock said.
He slipped them on, and he didn’t take them back off for six years.
John paused, not understanding. He turned to Sherlock for clarification.
Picasso was stubborn as a statue.
John gagged. "Oh my god, I did
A few moments of silence later, something unreadable settled in Sherlock's eyes. He let out a small sigh.
Tiny squeeze bottles of acid, base, and phenolphthalein in hand, he made his way towards station nine, where Sherlock was already situated. He had already seemed to have washed everything with dish soap, and was setting up the burette.
he said, very carefully.
“My experiments don’t
“Oh,” Molly said, still looking confused. “No, Sherlock just does that.” She shrugged as she watched Sherlock stick a hand into Smith where no hand should ever stick.
He tried not to let it show how completely crushed he was. Like, seriously—woah. “It’s, uh, pretty. I guess. He’ll probably like it. Or, I mean, whatever’s inside it. Not that the box isn’t pretty, obviously, but usually the gift is what’s inside the box, not the box itself. Unless it’s a gag gift, in which case there are multiple boxes inside boxes, but you really like your secret santa so I don’t think you’d do that to him, so I’m sure whatever gift is inside this box is an adequate gift for your secret santa, and while I am really curious as to what’s inside this box I’m not going to open it because it’s for your secret santa—”
Mrs. Hudson’s cat was named Chainsaw. It was her husband’s idea. (The first suggestion had been Cocaine, which was a head-in-the-door salesman technique if Sherlock ever heard one.) Chainsaw had been, as per Mrs. Hudson’s words herself, one bloody hell of a cat—muttered with an odd, disparaging fondness as she helped the two of them carry up boxes upon boxes of cat toys and old, smelly bags of litter.
The faint, amused smile that Sherlock gave him in response sent a hoard of butterflies aflutter in his stomach. “I offered first,” Sherlock said. “You go first.”
“Aw, darling,” he said, lowering his voice into a teasing coo. “You’re in so deep. Now I’m
“Hmm, what?” John said, intensely analyzing Sherlock’s face. “Good hmm? Bad hmm?”
He brought it close to his chest; turned it around. The screw to the battery compartment was ever-so-slightly loose.
“I guess her favourite colour is pink,” John tried weakly. Mrs. Hudson put her hands on her paint-streaked hips and sighed, long-suffering from years of dealing with stubborn, trigger-happy, easily-bored flatmates. Out of all of them, this one might have taken the pink-frosted cake.
From where he had turned back to apologizing to Mrs. Hudson, John fell silent. “What, you’re serious?”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked him quietly, squeezing his shoulder lightly.
“It was obvious the way you looked to her.”
Molly looked confused, then followed John’s gaze to where Sherlock was bent over so far into Henry Smith’s stomach that he was nearly licking his exposed kidneys.
Sherlock's eyebrows came together. "I'm gay."
Sherlock said, “You’re so hot, you denature my proteins.”
“No.”
an idiot?” Sherlock inquired.
“John,” he said. The word was cluttered and dense.
John stared at Sherlock for a long time, and then said, “Okay,” very softly.
John sighed, and did his best to nurse that sweet, aching warmth in his chest whilst simultaneously tamping it down.
They were in a forest. The world shimmered with a thick layer of frost, a tranquil white wonderland. The noises of the streets were subdued and softened by the snow. John’s winter boots sunk into the ground with a slow crackling crunch.
“John, please,” Sherlock said, his voice holding a strange tension. “Not now.”
“John,” Sherlock said, sounding odd.
“Uh, okay,” John said, trying furiously and failing to ignore the voice in his head screaming HE’S IN LOVE WITH YOU MYCROFT SAID HE’S IN LOVE WITH YOU MYCROFT SAID.
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock turning away.
John grinned, and then let it slide into a small smile.
Mycroft began to walk a short path in front of him, back and forth. He swung his umbrella in a wide arc around the handle. “Too much heart was always Sherlock’s problem,” he said.
uttered under the breath.
“You made me tea,” John said.
Why didn’t you tell me?”
Sebastian eyes shot to him for the first time since they’d entered the room. They narrowed. “And who are you, exactly?”
When Sherlock didn’t comment on that, John looked over at him to see him holding a small square box. There was a bow and a tag on top.
John kissed the freckle on the side of Sherlock’s eyebrow, leaned into the warmth, and closed his eyes. Merry Christmas, indeed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard it looked like it hurt. “Yes, John,
John tilted his head, mimicking the other. “You don’t care about Christmas.”
"This music is horrid," Sherlock muttered.
“Vetoed,” Sherlock repeated.
“Um,” Sherlock said, and then did a visible double-take. “Wait,
“And that is exactly why she is coming home with us,” John clipped out, that flinty-eyed stare daring Sherlock to argue, razor blades on his tongue fresh off the whetstone, and Sherlock sighed. He looked back at the kitten, who seemed to be awake, now—a pair of tiny twitching ears poking out of the bundle of fur. One of them had a patch of orange like a sunspot. John made a noise that could not have been described as anything other than a coo, and stroked her ears.
“Sherlock—”
“Not again,” came Mrs. Hudson’s mournful muttering, when John and Sherlock gave chase.
“C’mon,” John said instead, “you have Bio and Mr. Silva is an ass about arriving on time, I’ll help you carry your bajillion textbooks, let’s go.”
John shut his mouth with a click and shot Sherlock a bit of an exasperated look. “I’ve told you this before—it’s a rhetorical question. You’re supposed to ask
Sherlock’s cheek felt no warmer than the snow he was lying in when John settled a hand onto the skin. Moisture gleamed from his palms and trickled down Sherlock’s face, and he felt heat pushing through like a beam of light through cloudy skies. He guided his hands down Sherlock’s chest, and felt his heartbeat flutter under his fingers, thready and hitched.
John took a step forward (the snow crunching beneath his boot). He called out Sherlock’s name.
sparks stuck in the dreaded Friendzone Alley.)
Before, all he could do was to brush it off, cover it up with his usual line of defence—which was to say, joke about it.
John repeated, eyes wide.
John counted in his head. Three seconds in, three seconds out. He cupped Miranda’s cheeks and stroked his fingers down her skin. Miranda smiled and turned her face to the side to kiss his palm. John inhaled sharply. Miranda flinched and yelped.
“I can’t believe you hid a ring in the fire alarm,” John murmured back.
“You bloody idiot,” John said, “Yes, of course I’ll marry you.”
“Why have you got a
The snow fell.
John stared dumbly for a second before snapping out of it, hurrying to catch back up.
His hands were steady.
"I have no protests against that," Sherlock murmured.
They spent the twenty minutes in silence before Sherlock spoke up.
Sherlock hummed.
“Kiss me again,” John said, and then, “holy shit, I am going to stab myself.”
“Come here, Picasso,” Sherlock said, keeping his voice soft, low. He reached out, and John placed her into his arms.
He had a few days left, he reassured himself.
John cackled. “Merry Christmas, you filthy animal.” Then at Sherlock’s confused look: “You’ve never—
Mycroft’s smile turned thin. “Can’t I say hi to my little brother anymore?”
Besides—John was already coming up with ideas for the future. He’d like to see how fast criminals could run on pavements frozen over with ice. Or surrounded by a burning field of tall, dry grass. It would take time before they would learn the control it needed, but for once in his life, he was content, gazing at all the possibilities rather than charging in headstrong.
The feeling of the heavy wool laced with Sherlock’s scent surrounding him completely had coaxed up the heady beginnings of hope, which had gradually grown, though hidden, into a dancing, whirling bundle of helpless yearning, the burning strands of
had already asked Sherlock to the dance. "But you're—but you're—"
John was bursting with questions, but Sherlock was scowling in a way that told John he wouldn’t get any answers if he tried right then.
Before he could lose his nerve, John stepped forwards, rose on his tiptoes, and pressed a fleeting kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. It had dropped open in surprise by the time he pulled back.
asked you?"
Sherlock made an impatient face. “You stole my heart,” he said, “like a thief steals other objects. Metaphorically, of course, unless you were a serial killer with a fascination for body organs.”
“You’re a monster.”
John felt heat scatter around his cheeks and did his best to hide it, ducking his head. When he raised it again, Sherlock had turned back around to face the whiteboard.
“What?” John said.
they know, John?"
Frantic, John blurted, "Did you know that Molly Hooper wanted to ask you to the dance on Friday?"
“What did you do?” John seethed. “What did you do to him? What did you tell him?”
John stood in front of the door and let the cold air swirl in, chilled tendrils curling around the nape of his neck, sending a prickle of goosebumps across his skin. He stood, and was silent.
“What?” John protested. “It was your fault!”
"Good morning, John," Sherlock said.
“I would like you to remove this kitten,” Sherlock said.
empathetic and was just being pathetically over-reactive and feeling sorry for himself. He couldn’t muster the energy to care.
Sherlock nodded, as if this was totally normal and not at all panic-inducing.
“Don’t drop her,” John said.
“This conversation isn’t over,” John whispered.
Lips firmly pressed together to avoid anything utterly mortifying and completely inappropriate slipping out like
“Oh,” Sebastian said. “Don’t tell me he doesn’t know.”
John hummed. “Think she wants to sleep in our bed?”
“Oh, what, with my
Sherlock kicked off the wall and started to walk. John found his feet moving without permission, following instinctively. "Hello, John."
“He’s just—
and made playful grabs at her tail while she ran around in circles on the carpet.
John thought. Of course that’s the one singular question Emma could’ve asked the two of them.
“What did you do, Sherlock?” John repeated, firmer this time.
John tilted his head. He was getting ridiculously intrigued. “You said you’re not sure if he likes you back. How does this guy act around you? Are there any, uh, signals?”
John remembered knocking on her door one afternoon (an eternity ago), greeting her with an exhausted plea. It had been a few days after that fateful afternoon with Stamford, only a few days after he’d moved in and his world went careening off its axis.
And no one would ever know what John thought Sherlock meant, because before he could finish those words Sherlock ducked his head and swiftly occupied his mouth with what was
"Oh, really?" Sherlock said, and, in a swift move that was so smooth John would swear he'd practised it before, turned a half-circle and pulled John in close, until they were breathing the same air, heartbeats syncing. "I suppose we're the lucky ones, then."
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. "For forty-five minutes?"
Sherlock looked like he was one second away from ditching this entire plan. “What am I supposed to do again?”
And maybe—maybe John can be a little selfish. Maybe he deserves that, for everything the two of them have done, all the cases they’ve put to justice and the people they’ve saved.
and I—oh Jesus Christ.”
going to set me up.”
“He is,” Sherlock said, and jerked his chin towards the movie. “This part makes him cry every time.”
“It was your fault,” Sherlock told her. “Hasn’t anyone ever told you to not bite the hand that feeds you?”
“I can smell him,” Sherlock said, his voice low and putrid. “Like vanilla pudding and Victorian sponge cake.”
“Do you want both of us to answer the question?” Sherlock asked while John internally panicked.
Sherlock inhaled noisily and then let it out in a sigh, the tension seeping from his shoulders. He said, “And if he starts to cry, what am I supposed to do?”
John beamed and waved. Sherlock tightened his grip on John's hand until John felt his bones creak.
Sherlock strode through the snow.
John woke up to the fire alarm.
“No, I just saw your paper.”
They ended up under the blankets on the couch, Sherlock fitfully dozing off with his head on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock made a frustrated, growling noise in his throat that did bad things to John's imagination.
“I can’t,” John said.
Sherlock jolted. “Absolutely not,” he said immediately. “That’s ridiculous. Why should I be?”
Just a few days left.
“I’m calling you,” Sherlock said. “I was told to. I have not been rejected. That’s very noble of you, John, but for the sake of your own health I’d suggest you not to.”
“Of course you do,” John said, internally punching himself. He gave Sherlock his best, most charming smile. “Anyway. Chemicals! I’ll, um, I’ll just go do that right now.” He stood up so quickly he nearly knocked his water bottle off his desk, and only managed to catch it with his amped-up reflexes (god bless rugby), and dashed away before he could open his mouth again and make any more of an arse of himself.
Sherlock looked faintly stunned. His nose creased in that adorable way it did when he was thinking.
Sherlock glared, the grip of his fingers giving away his apprehension. “John, let me go.”
John shut him up with another kiss. He felt Sherlock’s arms come around him, wind across his back and gently tug, pulling him off the ladder until they were both standing on solid ground, still kissing, kissing, John didn’t think he ever wanted it to stop.
“Okay,” John said, after a moment. It was something in Sherlock’s expression.
Sherlock cut him off with a scoff. “Not my fault,” he said. “Yes, John, I know what the term
“This is ridiculous,” Mycroft finally snapped out. His nose was twitching, and his eyes were beginning to blink faster. “Sherlock, expect a car to be waiting for you tomorrow at four. We will discuss this without any
“Come, Picasso,” John said, and Picasso stopped her ambush long enough for John to scoop her up and for Sherlock to shut the door in Mycroft’s flushed and furious face.
Sherlock squirmed closer and mumbled something that sounded like
"What are you doing here?" John scrambled for the proper words in his head. "Not that I'm not happy to see you, of course, but you usually go home earlier. And yesterday, uh—I mean, it's not like you're
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up. “I don’t need to
“Jesus Christ.” John shuddered. “Please stop.”
He got out of bed, rubbing his eyes, subconsciously tuning out the ever-present shriek overhead as he meandered his way out the door. There wasn’t even smoke in the halls, so Sherlock had most likely just set the toaster on fire again. Or the microwave. Christ, he hoped it wasn’t the microwave: they’d already replaced it a fortnight ago.
Mrs. Hudson had pursed her lips, an expression flitting across her face too quickly to pinpoint, but came the closest to disappointment. “And why is that?” she asked him.
“They might say no?” John offered.
“I won’t interrupt you again,” John interrupted, and then winced. “I’m gonna shut up now.”
“Sherlock,” he called out, tentatively. Nothing.
"Morning, Sherlock!" John said as he passed by Sherlock's locker on the way to English. (He could've gone the other way and taken less time, but he always got to school early enough to take the long way around, the one that passed by Sherlock's locker. Of course, it was just because he had extra time to kill.)
Mycroft tilted his head and his eyes went glittering. John tamped down the anger and forced his mind to clear, to shove forwards a film reel replay in panoramic detail. He had always had a good memory.
Stella hated spicy foods, but when she was pregnant, she developed a sudden craving, so strong it nearly keeled her over in the dim hours of the morning. Her husband stocked up on chili peppers and sriracha sauce, and took note of her rising temperatures with alarm. The doctors found nothing wrong with her health, and although her skin was burning and sweat beaded on her temples every night as she went to sleep, she remained strong, and always with a voracious appetite for spice.
need to hear that."
“Alright,” he followed it with. “What do you want to know?”
"Nothing," John said immediately.
“This is stupid,” Sherlock grumbled.
When the man shuffled out the door, guided by Lestrade, Sherlock trailed behind the two of them all the way until they had reached the entrance to the police station. Then, he suddenly reached out a hand and tapped the man on the shoulder.
John waited until it became obvious he wasn't going to say any more. “You know it's not—”
"Calm down," John murmured, stroking his thumb along the back of Sherlock's hand. "You're going to be fine."
“Professor Faler?” Sherlock said, in the tone of voice that made it sound like a statement rather than a question.
He couldn’t even look at Sherlock without his mind screaming traitorous, terrible-friend thoughts. Once he started noticing, he couldn’t stop noticing. His presence was a huge neon sign above his head: Sherlock Holmes, object of John’s unwanted decidedly non-platonic interest. At your location. Would you like GPS directions? Exit Comfortable-Friendly-Platonic lane, take the second exit at Inevitable Heartbreak roundabout, your destination will be on the right.
Sherlock’s head was heavy on John's shoulder, and his breathing was tranquil and even.
"Oh," Sherlock said. "Her."
“Well,” Sherlock said curtly, coldly, “maybe I
At that, Sherlock seemed to compose himself. Though his eyes still sparkled, his voice was steady. “John, that wasn’t very careful,” he said.
Sherlock looked like he was trying not to laugh when he leaned in and kissed him again.
John said. He lightly squeezed Sherlock’s wrist in what he hoped felt reassuring and not apologetic for what he was about to do next. “Now let me tell you a story. First time I was on the ice, I was eight and my instructor carried me into the middle of the rink, unceremoniously dropped me onto the ice, and spent the entire first lesson there. And the next. And the next.” As he spoke, he slowly picked up the pace, began to stir the tracings of his skates. “And, you know what? It worked.”
“What about her?” John said.
“I,” John said, and very politely asked his mind where the rest of that sentence was, because there was absolutely nothing there. “What?”
Mycroft’s eyes sharpened to a venomous knife’s edge. “Believe me, Doctor Watson, it is with utter sincerity and regret when I say I have tried
Now Sherlock
“Jesus, you’re such a child sometimes.” John rolled his eyes, and then, propping the broom and pan against the wall, walked closer. He took Sherlock’s face in his hands, thumbs stroking his cheekbones, and leaned in to kiss him softly.
"Oh, you
In Molly opinion, Lestrade’s reaction to this was highly alarming, because he didn’t immediately pull out his gun and shoot this Sherlock Holmes imposter. Instead, he just sighed.
Sherlock’s tone was clipped. “I needed to learn control.”
Turns out, Sherlock wasn’t a mind-reader. That was his brother.
“Seriously, stop.”
Next to them, Irene stifled a laugh. John's eyes were getting tired of glaring so much today.
John said, “And you say nail clippers are bad; this isn’t even for me,” and then, “I’m kidding, oh my god you look like a kicked puppy I’m kidding. I love it, Sherlock. It’s perfect.” (It really was, because the thought of Sarah hadn’t even crossed his mind since when he first drew that paper slip.)
“Give me a moment,” he said, shooting Emma and Sherlock a tight, barely-controlled smile that definitely was more of a grimace.
John was about to retort when a clearing of the throat reminded him of Emma, who was still pointing the camera towards the two of them, red light blinking accusingly. Right, they were still on camera.
“Sherlock,” John said desperately, and then gasped when he felt the sparks running down his arms.
know that, so what
When reinforcements finally arrived to carry them away on a rough, scratchy stretcher, the divot in the sand where John had lain was sparkling in the sun where the sand had burned to glass.
“You’re still married?” he said.
John was too stunned to reciprocate. Holy shit, what was happening? Oh, right, Sherlock! He liked him, right? Hooray, hallelujah, what was that about the secret santa again? what the fuck was going on? well, none of that was important now, now Sherlock was kissing (kissing!) him and it was the least he could do to kiss him back—except he couldn’t really remember how lips worked anymore.
“What?” John said. “No, I know. Not
Mycroft Holmes had taken one look at John and his eyes had gleamed. “How interesting,” he murmured. “Be very careful, Doctor Watson.”
she yelled out across the dance floor, where she was holding some poor Junior captive in her arms, twirling him around the gym like a swing dancer.
“Me?” John said.
“Hmm,” Sherlock said, and licked some whipped cream from his upper lip.
The rain had stopped by the time they had unloaded everything. The flat looked as if it had been torn apart and rampaged by a giant, cat-loving monster who’d strewn pieces of cat litter and tins of mostly-expired cat food all over the floor.
“I’m alright,” John said, and tried not to show how much he wanted to curl into Sherlock’s chest and never come up.
Sherlock smiled from the side of his mouth. “Definitely.”
Sebastian’s eyes had turned flinty. “Sherlock Holmes,” he cooed. “Ever the
“Then don’t do that.”
“Oh, Jesus,” John said, coming closer. He stroked her back and grimaced when his hand came off wet. “That’s gonna be an arse to wash off.”
A moment ticked by. John tried to ignore a growing itch on the side of his neck. Sherlock did nothing. John cleared his throat. Sherlock did nothing. John took a pointed step forwards, so close he felt the other’s body heat sinking into his own. Sherlock seemed perfectly content to continue do nothing, now approximately whilst standing 0.2 millimetres away from John.
His phone vibrated in his pocket.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked.
"Irene spoke to me after school," Sherlock continued. "She explained to me that I had apparently misunderstood you. I thought you were mocking me, but according to her, you were simply surprised." He paused. "And because of something else."
Sherlock was silent for a good minute. Then, he said, “Are you a radioactive substance? Because you’re glowing.” To further deliver his point, he lightly shook the liquid inside the test tube, which sloshed and glowed a faint neon green.
John gave Sherlock a deadpan look. “That’s enough practice for today, I think.”
“A walk,” he said. His voice was rough.
Their chatter was casual as they ambled along. “Who’d want a flatmate like me?” John had asked, dry and scalding, and Mike tilted his head and got a glint in his eye.
“Merry Christmas, John.”
She barely had any teeth, white hard nubs that didn’t even break the skin. Sherlock jerked his hand away anyway, and then brought it back, because holding a squirming, restless kitten in one hand only was a one-way trip to disaster. The kitten’s mouth opened again, squirming harder, a paw coming up to bat at Sherlock’s hand—then his wrist, and, when he moved it out of reach, his chest, climbing up to his neck, his chin.
John swallowed. His throat felt like an hourglass, pinhole-tight and filled with sand.
“Sherlock,” he said. “Why?”
Sherlock watched as John’s face slowly turned approximately the same colour as the solution in the flask. The corner of his mouth twitched.
“It did,” John admitted, and snickered. “But seriously. DNA helices. Are you kidding me?”
“Sorry,” John said, having the decency to sound sheepish. He turned his attention to the cat, next, voice going softly chastising. “Hey, what’d you do that for, huh? Look at the mess you’ve made.”
Which is what he did.
"You were the one who told me to come here," Sherlock said, a familiar irritated scowl on his features. "I'm supposed to be printing out my Calculus assignment at the library right now."
He brushed his left thumb back and forth, felt the soft fuzzy fabric of the mittens Sherlock was wearing. He met Sherlock’s eyes, saw him hesitate.
“I said no.”
With a few short strokes of his pen, John added a tiny bee next to the flowers, and lazily tuned back into class as the monologue came to an end.
-+-+-+-
-+-+-+-
John jerked so hard he nearly fell out of seat, flinging his arms in the air for balance, teetering on the edge before finally regaining his footing.
“The cat,” Sherlock said. They still hadn’t come up with a name, yet. John had proposed a whole bundle, from Meredith to Pepper to Ollie. Sherlock suggested
(At least it was better than the carbon monoxide alarm, he thought, which had a slightly-better hit count at around once every three months.)
Lestrade didn’t even give them a second glance, when they entered Scotland Yard the next day and Sherlock skimmed through reports with elegant, covered hands. “I’ve seen Sherlock wear a bathrobe to a murder scene,” was his response. “Doesn’t matter much to me as long as he can still think.”
“Dean and Maxwell. Anna and Tina. John and Sherlock.”
“You were the one carrying the bags,” Sherlock muttered.
“I’m perfect,” Sherlock said, and reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, black box.
“You’re calling
“Are you—” Sherlock’s voice contained a barely-held tension, thrumming like electricity. “You’re saying that you’re—”
“Who did you get?” John said, twisting his neck.
Across the room, Sherlock hollered, “Do you have any chainsaws in here?”
Back up: Sherlock's fingers (long, thin, elegant, perfect for playing the violin in the school orchestra that was otherwise rather shit) moving under the desk. Back down:
John hushed him. “This is the best hot chocolate place I’ve ever been to.”
Lestrade glanced back and forth from Anderson to, inexplicably, Sherlock. Sherlock had something that looked like a pained expression on his face. Anderson watched this for a moment and then turned his palms over in a ‘What?’ gesture.
Sherlock’s fingers were slender and pale. Violinist’s hands. He was first chair in orchestra. John knew this because he attended every single one of the school concerts where Sherlock had a solo, and stared himself into a trance as those fingers skated across strings like it was effortless.
“It’s a cat,” John said, coming to the doorway now, too. “Her name is Picasso.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said, casting his gaze up and down with a low whistle.
School was a more difficult matter altogether. After the third phone call home and the dozenth complaint, after John shoved his head into the pillows and refused to touch anything but himself, his mother made a call to a specialist.
right. I’m sure you have a shred of humanity buried somewhere between all that dirty money, but you’ve really caught me at the worst time possible, so fuck you very much and don’t call me again. Ever.”
Molly smiled brightly when Sherlock came into the shop and Sherlock smiled back, dazzling and charming, and this time Molly
Sherlock rung on Mrs. Hudson’s door and it opened immediately, as if she had been standing there waiting the whole time.
Sherlock sniffed. "What, standing awkwardly and swaying?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, ramping the intensity up to a solid twelve.
"Wait—
(Maybe he was using again, the thought flitted like an arrow streaking across his mind, and it sliced him with cold fear.)
Sherlock cocked his head. "I thought you said you couldn't understand this unit."
"I wasn't sure," Sherlock protested. "And I didn't want to pressure you."
After so many long years of shoving it down, Sherlock’s quirk sprung out like a bursted dam: strident, erratic, and near impossible to temper. Quickly, the flat became dappled with scorch marks, and icicles frequently hung from kitchen counters. (Beauty marks, John said.) On particularly frustrating evenings, they collided in a fit of sparks and sent both of them spiralling. When John kissed Sherlock for the first time under the roof of their flat on a windy winter’s evening, Sherlock gripped his shoulders and his lips turned blue. John’s shoulder ached for days afterwards, stiff and relentless with a bone-deep chill.
“No llama milk,” he said firmly.
"I don't," John said without thinking, and then, "I mean, I guess I tried to do the homework more than I actually did it. I kind of just stared at it, I guess."
John held up a hand. “Nope. If that word is going to be
“Thanks, I hate it,” Sherlock said.
“Oh, I'd better go help him,” Molly said. “I think we have one in the storage room.” Before she left, she turned to John with a grave look on her face. “Keep me updated, okay?”
John stood, and agonized, for so long his feet began to turn cold from standing on the tiles.
He was a terrible friend to admit that he was glad the final activity constituted of staring at a screen without any obligation to speak. Admitting that was easier than it should be, as the
Keeping his hold on Sherlock’s wrists, the two of them stumbled along, step by step.
“I checked! I did all the tests, Molly, and everything came out clean!” John’s voice rose in panic. “I don’t know what’s wrong with him!”
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock looking down at him, face filled with worry.
John’s eyes softened as he looked up. A smile curling at his mouth. “Not a chance,” he said, and hefted the kitten closer to his chest. “Didn’t Mrs. Hudson own a cat once? I’m sure she’ll have some things leftover.”
“Milk?” Sherlock said, like John had just suggested Sherlock to strip naked and run through the streets.
“Not like that!” John faintly recalled that he was practically squeaking with indignation. “You were flirting with her!”
When he was seventeen, John had a girlfriend named Miranda who stroked her fingers down those gloves like they were something precious. One day, Miranda placed a hand over John’s, smiled at him through her lashes, and said, “Come back to my place?”
“Sherlock?” he called out the instant he opened the door to their flat.
Anderson blinked. “What? Did what?”
“Jesus fucking Christ, Sherlock,” John said. “I’m going to murder you.”
“Good morning, John,” Sherlock said. He was—smiling?
John said. "And you just let me torture myself over it? For a whole goddamn
"I see," Sherlock said. "What homework?"
trail, dammit! And when
Initially, the kitten had been shaky and weak with hunger and cold, and it had the effect of making her appear almost smaller in a sense—not physically, but as if her presence was merely a tiny pigeonhole in the flat. But swiftly, so quickly neither of them saw it coming, that strength grew and grew until she had firmly established herself as the irrefutable queen in the household.
“Hello,” Sherlock murmured cautiously, daring to stroke her ears. They felt like velvet.
When people meet Sherlock, they make two major assumptions about him.
He steeled himself to speak.
"I want to apologize," Sherlock said next.
“Take off your gloves,” she said, and John froze.
dammit, Sherlock put a hand to John’s head and pushed him off.
They watched Elf this time, and had a lovely two hours watching Will Ferrell romp around in green tights making an ass of himself. John still cried, but it was from laughter this time when they realized that Sherlock had a
Helders was golden-haired and freckled, with jellybean green eyes and a smile that could melt the harshest of commanders. He wiped the tables in poker like nobody’s business. John spent heady summer nights sitting on sand dunes next to him, gazing at smoke-splattered stars in the sky. John told Helders about how Harry could pour water into a glass and by the time it was full it wasn’t water, but apple cider—or hot chocolate, or tea, or vodka. Helders told John about his wife, and how all she needed to do was run her hands down an instrument and it would sing for her, wood, brass, or string.
Sherlock looked like he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. It was heavily relatable. “Yes, you are.”
John imagined he was flapping like a fish. He looked wordlessly at Sherlock, unruffled and nonplussed as if he hadn’t just been possessed by some dark spirit of unholy, creepy kindness.
“Twenty minutes,” Sherlock said, and there was something subtly desperate in his tone.
“We should take her on cases,” John mused. “She has some wicked sharp claws. Sharp enough to draw blood, for sure—more than that, even.”
John said confusedly, “I do?” and then excitedly, “I do! That was a clue!”
“Oh, thank God,” Lestrade said. “If you did it to Anderson I think I might actually have to arrest you.”
“No worries,” Sherlock replied smoothly. “Do you want to perform the first titration?”
“Uh,” Anderson said. “Okay?”
They don’t take interviews. Not if they can help it. Not after the interviewer had shoved the microphone into both their faces and interrogated, pushed,
Sherlock gave John a Look. “No, really? I thought when you said
Mycroft if he was fucking with him, Bubonic Plague Lite or not, and Sherlock was getting closer and closer so John gritted his teeth and took the final steps to close the distance between them and hopped up to his tippy-toes and gave Sherlock what was potentially ranked as his third worst kiss, only beaten by Madeline Brown in grade five and the raccoon.
"Cup of tea’d be lovely, thank you." John said. He picked up the newspaper which Mrs Hudson put down and now he looked at the article reporting Beth Davenport’s apparent suicide. Next to a large photograph of Beth was a smaller one showing the man who just visited the flat and identifying him as D.I. Lestrade.
"The engraving." John said.
Sherlock exasperated, started to walk again. "There’s always something." They approached the police tape where they are met by Sergeant Donovan.
"Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths." Sherlock asked, stepping closer.
"Didn’t look like it."
"Hmm?"
"I play the violin when I'm thinking. Sometimes, I don't talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other." Sherlock replied, and smiled his 'polite smile'.
"Okay." She replied, then scurried out the lab door.
Sherlock hung up and put his phone down on his chest and continued to lay there in his mind palace with her sleeping calmly on his chest. a few hours later she woke up in time for lunch. John had already gone out for takeout for lunch knowing that Sherlock probably hadn't eaten while he was away. Also with a toddler in the house they were going to have to be a lot more careful about their eating and sleeping schedules. John set the takeout on plates, making sure everyone would have enough to fill them up.
“I've seen the love story between you and John so many times. In fact, my older sister helped me find you two. Remember the girl who saved you from Moriarty? Every night I've seen you two fall in love, sometimes forever, but not always since one or both of you will mess it up by being incredibly thick! She saw it happen in front of her eyes, over, and over, and over again. I see it every night. Actually, that's why I tracked you down, to see the detective for real rather than just in my dreams, see the doctor too, but he wasn't there yet. Thought it would help. It hasn't. Every night I see you both, fall in love and die. Every night.i can't tell if I've done something wrong, or am supposed to help at all, or if you two just haven't figured it out on your own… I keep seeing you die, it's a wonder I haven't broken yet! *she smiles sadly* Won't be ongoing before I do *she murmured to herself* Please, move, do something, woo that man into staying forever! I've seen the way you two look at each other! Make a move after you almost ruined your handed with that stupid married to you work line before you lose him forever, again!” Elisabeth pleaded with Sherlock as John listened in from the doorway unbeknownst to Sherlock.
Immediately, Picasso began to fidget. She twisted her body around until she was facing Sherlock, and then, locked on target, began to crawl her way up Sherlock’s shirt—claws digging into his skin, but never drawing blood, never more than a pinprick. This time, Sherlock stayed still.
John groaned as he heard the rest of the team laugh. "Coming, coach!" he yelled back, and tugged on his uniform.
“I know,” Sherlock said, sounding, of all things, tired. “It’s not worth it, John.”
That is to say, he took out his phone, perfectly prepared to do this, except that the moment he turned on his phone, he took one glance at the screen and immediately froze.
He was off before Sherlock could reply, steps gentle and deliberate as to not jolt the bundle of warmth in his arms. Sherlock watched his back for a moment, then reluctantly followed, thinking of catnip and allergies.
One morning, John woke to find the kitchen half-burned, smoke rolling out the window in thick, black plumes. The fire alarm had been dismantled, lying in neat little parts on the floor, and in the middle of the dining table stood a pile of something that mildly resembled human flesh. It was, in fact, a German chocolate cake, with lots and lots of pecans because that was John’s favourite. Sherlock was curled up in the corner of the sofa, with a phone tucked in the nook of his neck and both hands free, fingers flying over the laptop in front of him. He was placing a custom-order cake from the best patisserie in a fifty-mile radius. Simultaneously, he was on the victory lap of a heated eBay bid for a signed copy of the Lord of the Rings series, John’s favourite childhood novels.
"Problem?" Sherlock asked.
"You know why he’s here? He’s not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes’ll be the one that put it there."
"Is he coming back?"
"Oh, no, I ensured it." Sherlock said, looking back at John and smiling, just as Mrs. Hudson opened the door.
"Did I get anything wrong?" Sherlock asked.
Still worried, but glad to know that Sherlock wasn't bored, Lestrade resolved to put it out of his mind.
John ducked under the tape. "Thanks."
Sherlock strapped Gwendolyn to his chest in a baby carrier and put on his coat and scarf. "John, are you ready?" he yelled up the stairs as he tied his scarf.
"Just this once, dear. I’m not your housekeeper." Mrs Hudson said.
She still had not said a word and continued to cling to Sherlock.  Sherlock sat with her on his lap as he sat on the couch and helped her eat as he tried to ignore his own plate. "No, no, no, you are eating too. You have to set a good example now and you need to eat." John said.
And then stood there waiting for a reply. It was soon to come, "Yes. Why are you texting me? You are just down stairs."
"You need to sleep. It's good for you. Well, John says so, and he's a doctor so he knows these kinds of things." Sherlock said. Her only reply was to look up at him without removing her head from his chest. "My heartbeat calms you and reminds you that you are safe." Sherlock deduced, as he continued to hold her.
The kettle boiled as they stood there in silence thinking over everything that had happened and all that could have happened. John pulled it off the stove and poured two cups of chamomile tea, which he prepared to their liking. Silently, John handed Sherlock's cup to him and turning around leaned against the counter next to Sherlock who was uncharacteristically silent and still. Bumping his shoulder into Sherlock's in a friendly way, John said, "Don't worry, they're safe now, and we're gonna keep them that way."
"Yeah, where are we going? John asked.
"Yes, how did you know?"
"Couple of biscuits too, if you’ve got ’em." John said.
"The police don’t consult amateurs." He looked out of the side window, biting his lip nervously while he awaited John’s reaction.
John and Sherlock walked into Sherlock's bedroom, bandaged the girls' wound, and put them to bed. After making sure that they were tucked in, they walked back into the kitchen.  "So now what?" John asked, turning on the kettle.
John continued onward. "Look, what am I doing here?"
"In 5 months!" Sherlock exclaimed.
"Wanna see some more?" Sherlock asked.
"Found your website. 'The Science of Deduction.'" John stated.
"I’m ... I’m nobody. I just met him."
"Bit of trouble too, I bet." Sherlock said, now standing in John's personal space.
-------------------------P.O.V. change to John's P.O.V.-----------------------
"Yeah, he just took off. He does that." She replied.
"Any good?" Sherlock asked.
"Look at you, all happy. It’s not decent." Mrs. Hudson fussed. She could’t help but smile, though, as he turned away and headed for the front door again.
"Crime scene. Next?"
Sherlock looked at his mobile, finding a text from Mycroft, "Come in to sign the papers and it's done." He stood up keeping Gwen safe on his front where she had been napping, and put his mobile in his pocket. Reaching for his coat he paused. Looking down at Gwen who started to fall asleep again, he decided against shouting and instead pulled his mobile out again to text John, "Going out to sign the papers and shop. You want to come?"
Rosie nodded in understanding and held up her med kit as proof that she was ready.
"A fourth?" Mrs. Hudson questioned.
"Er, here. Use mine." John offered, after fishing it out of his left hand pocket.
"It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me."
John looked surprised but agreed and helped Sherlock set up the crib in his room as well as the high chair in the kitchen. They also put away her clothes and things in Sherlock's room, which she would be sharing with Sherlock from now on.
At the flat, Sherlock bathed the girl and dressed her in one of John's jumpers. After the young girl ate some leftover Chinese, Sherlock tried to set her down on the couch to sleep, it being already midnight when he had found her. She clung to his shirt, refusing to let go. Sherlock sat on the couch instead with her in his lap and her head on his chest.
Elizabeth looks at her sister and makes the rash decision to cut the ropes with the knife she has hidden in her jeans and run with her sister. She cuts the ropes and makes her way to her sister before the henchman shoots her, grazing her side. She crumples in pain and is snatched up and handcuffed to the radiator. Making her now even farther from her sister, unable to reach her, Elizabeth panics slightly in her worry over her sister.
Two years later, everyone has moved past the kidnapping. What's gonna happen now?
Sherlock agreed, and Elisabeth informed him that they had to stop by the motel to pick up her sister, who would be staying with them. After they bodies and pyre had burned to ashes around dawn, they made sure to leave no trace that they had been there, and went to go back to the flat with both girls and the second duffle bag. Once there, Elisabeth settled Rosie on her side of the couch for the night and sat on the other side. Sherlock sat on his chair next to the couch and asked if Elisabeth if she would like to be adopted with her sister by Sherlock and they could live with him.
"That’s not what people normally say."
It's been 12 hours and there was no sign of the girls, John walked over to Sherlock who had been staring at the evidence as though willing it to tell him where they are. "Maybe we should ask Mycroft for the CCTV footage?" John asked Sherlock.
Then our lives went on as normal.
Lestrade recovered first. "What about the child?"
After Sherlock had compiled all that he needed to know beforehand, he rang Mycroft. "I need a favour."
--------------------------------------Le time skip-----------------------
"Then who said anything about flatmates?" John asked.
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens." Lestrade said, panting for breath.
"Glad to meet you. Good to see who Papa brought home to be our new flatmate. This one's much bigger than your old flat-sit and is already full of stuff so you won't feel so lonely. Your service pistol will be quite helpful on Papa's chases and will be better put to use than your design. Hope you take the flat." Elisabeth said. Then she walked over to the other chair and climbed into it.
"Right. Er, d’you know where I could get a cab? It’s just, er ... well ..." John looked down awkwardly at his walking stick. "... my leg."
--------------------------Le time skip-----------------------------------
Elizabeth and Rosie climb into the car just like the end of any other school day. Today, though, as they start to drive away, Elizabeth notices that they are going the wrong way and says, "Wait, home is the other way." The driver ignores them and just rolls up the screen between the two parts of the car and continues to drive. They arrive and are forced into the basement of an abandoned house, where Rosie and Elizabeth are tied to matching kitchen chairs that are facing each other after being shot with a mild sedative.
She took the bite back and ate it. "Do you know her name?" John asked.
"What did you think?" Sherlock asked, with a proud little smile on his lips.
"For your eighth birthday." Sherlock said.
"How?" John questioned. Sherlock just looked at him then turned back to the window a little sulkily.
Sherlock dismissed John with a wave of his hand, already in his mind palace, compiling a list of everything that needed to get done. He knew he needed to contact Mycroft about not only relatives, which Sherlock knew she had no close ones, but also for the adoption. Once Sherlock knew better of what was needed he would contact his brother. Never hurts to be prepared once asking Mycroft for a favour, especially on something he might object to.
Sherlock and John met up with Lestrade, Donovan, Anderson, and a special team for rescue missions. They had on their bullet proof vests and the Yarders had their guns. They charged in, and Sherlock and John headed straight for the basement. The Yarders cleared the rest of the house, and arrested the one guard that stayed upstairs. Sherlock and John charged into the basement and disarmed the two henchmen that were on guard down there, before rushing over to their children as the Yarders all came to the basement to check on them.
He caught me up on all that was going on as well as the plan for that night to take out the vamps as far as Elizabeth had come up with it.
John turned back toward her.
The boys spoke over each other with Sherlock saying, "So I went ahead and moved straight in." as John said, "Soon as we get all this rubbish cleaned out... oh."
Sherlock meets and adopts two little girls, aged 7 and 4.
Elizabeth was sobbing, hysterically, as Sherlock picked the handcuffs that tied her to the radiator. Sherlock picked her up, making soothing shushing noises as he held her up to check to make sure that the worst of her injuries were the raw skin on her wrists from the handcuffs and the mild sedative that was already leaving her system. She had been grazed by a bullet from what looked to be a escape attempt. Sherlock continued to make soothing shushing noises as she calmed down now that her Papa had her and that they were safe. "Shush, you're okay. You couldn't have known that the car was not the right one. They were too alike with different drivers, but I'll help you get better at that. And there'll be a new driver just for the two of you to make sure that this never happens again. Shush, Papa has you now and John has Rosie. It's okay, Honeybee. Bumblebee's fine too, see?" Sherlock comforted, with Elizabeth's sobs now quieted down to loud sniffles as she buried her head in his neck. Sherlock looked to John who nodded, confirming his deduction. She lifted her head to see Rosie in John's arms, looking fine, if a little worse for wear, but otherwise unhurt.
At the flat, they talk through the case, or well Sherlock talks at John as he tries to keep up. They go out to eat/stakeout at Angelo’s where they have the super important vague conversation about romance and sexuality. Spotting a dawdling cab they give chase over rooftops before discovering the passenger couldn't be the murderer. After that they run home where they discover the Met tossing the flat under pretense of a drugs raid while they are really looking for the pink suitcase.
The hunter stayed with me and Rosie and watched as I decapitated the turned the vamp in much the same way as I had the guards except I kept it tied to the chair so that It was easier to kill. She, Rosie, and I then brought the rest of the bodies into the house and made sure to salt and burn not only all the individual bodies but also the house itself as the vamps use of it had ruined the house for human habitation and the only way to cleanse it and the land that it sat on was to salt and burn it all. Papa and Dad were escorting the victims to the local clinic with a story of cultist that were performing weird rituals until they had run them out of town and dealt with them.
All of which leads me to now, early January with Sherlock in the lab peering at something case related. "Bit different from my day." John Watson said limping in cane in hand, Mike Stamford who had led him to come to this lab at St. Bart's, replied, "Oh, you've no idea!"
Together they managed to prepare a pyre and to ready the bodies for burning. She struck the match and made sure to light everything so that it would all burn evenly. Once the fire was burning nicely, she turned to Sherlock, stuck out her hand in greeting and said, "My name's Elisabeth. I'm 7, today's my birthday and so far except for meeting you, this has been the worst birthday ever. My sister and I are now orphans, may we stay with you?"
"... but the police don’t go to private detectives.
"That's a skull." John remarked as he pointed at it with his cane.
They finished lunch in peace with everyone finishing off all of their food.
"What do people normally say?"
"You said I had a therapist."
They went through first crime scene with Sherlock deducing, John being impressed, and Donovan and Anderson being their idiot selves. Afterward, Sherlock got excited about the dead woman's missing pink suitcase and phone, and left John at the crime scene.
Papa and Dad were under the impression that we would leave the killing, and salting and burning to the hunter or at least Dad was. Papa was able deduce what really happened but trusted Rosie and I to know what were capable of doing and dealing with.
"Oh, Sherlock, the mess you've made. And with the girls home." Mrs Hudson as she rounded the corner into the kitchen.
Sherlock pulls up in a taxi, while John waits for him in front of the door. "Ah, Mr. Holmes." John calls out in greeting.
"And Harry's short for Harriet." John added.
Donovan and Anderson still were too shocked to do anymore than stare after them as Sherlock was being a good dad, comforting his daughter and checking his other daughter who was in John's safe hands.
The papers get signed and John and Sherlock go shopping for their new addition to their lives. (Short Update.)
"Who’s on forensics?" Sherlock asked.
Comments and kudos make my day! Age changed from 4 to 2.
"Very good." John said, standing there awaiting orders.
I had been able to deduce most of what had happened to her though the exact information that she was able to give was helpful. I had been able to run my business through an email and phone number that Papa set up for me for the last two years after the kidnapping. Though John was not informed of the exact nature of my business until this moment when Papa was going to fully explain.
Sherlock looking out the window to the police car that just pulled up said, "Four. There's been a fourth. And there's something different about this one."
As Sherlock and John walked by the Yarders, holding their children, Lestrade managed to pick his chin from the floor long enough to ask, "Hey, I need s-"
John clomped down the the stairs.
"Oh. Thank you." Sherlock said, standing up to borrow the phone.
Comments and kudos welcome! Sorry for the late update, I started taking summer classes and was unsure on how I wanted to write this. Grammar, and tense changes, and pov changes might happen and I would love if y'all would point them out to me. Unbeta'd and un-brit picked.
"Oh God, yes." John replied, fervently. Sherlock spun on his heel and lead John out of the room and down the stairs. John called out as he follow him down. "Sorry, Mrs Hudson, I’ll skip the tea. Off out."
Exactly!" Sherlock exclaimed. "Only thing I don't understand is which pill was it? Which one had the poison in it?"
"Is that what?" Sherlock asked as he stopped and turned and walked back to John.
"I did. I told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is, just after lunch, with old friend clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn't that difficult a leap." Sherlock replied, putting on his coat and scarf, and turning around to look at John once again.
"Is that it?" John asked as he turned to watch Sherlock started to leave.
"Obviously a mugging gone wrong as you would say." Sherlock said as he walked back over to Lestrade. "Both couples ended up dead in the ensuing fight. A crime? Yes. But the murderers are already dead. Boring." He finished and began stride off. Anderson, Donovan, and Lestrade all gaping at him with how well he handled the terrified child in his arms.
"You know how they never leave notes?" Lestrade asked.
"Of course, we'll be needing two." John replied.
"It’s Anderson." Lestrade replied.
As she said the last two sentences I heard my dads in the stairs listening as they came up and in.
The two men and the hunter went in and took out the vamps inside with finesse and much blood as I watched them from the window I was crawling in as backup. They then checked the victims for bites and such before starting to untie them. Luckily only one victim had been turned and was easily dispatched by me as they took the rest of the victims out of the house and hid the view of it's death from them.
"Obviously." Sherlock said, dismissing things with a wave of his hand. For the next 6 months, they moved to 221B Baker Street, the adoption paperwork went through, and Mycroft showed up for a visit to inform Sherlock that for this to work they would need to get flatmate. Preferably, someone human enough to help with basic needs. Sherlock agreed after a moment's deliberation. Elisabeth said that Sherlock should try and date the flatmate if they weren't boring. They argued but eventually Sherlock gave in and agreed.
"There is a nest of vampires that are kidnapping people and taking them to a house out of town and using them as bait and as blood bags. I investigated after gathering information on what I was hunting. Unfortunately, I was unable to get much farther that to see that there were at least 4 guards in the day time who hid themselves and that that number doubled for the night shift in case anyone thought to sneak up on them then. I also learned that the victims were being kept in cages during the day ans were tied to chairs that were in a circle with their backs to each other in the main room at night. I was unable to rescue anyone as there were more vamps than I was able to fight off. I need back up, and you two are the best in the business. I need a plan to take them out for good and I cant do it alone." The hunter finished.
"Don't forget to fully remove the head from their bodies. Otherwise, we'll be in trouble." I said, now standing next to Dad aka John.
"Oh, Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, she's given me a special deal. Owes me a favour. Few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out."
"From now on we'll just have to get a better driver, since we can't trust cabs for the girls when they're alone. Think Mycroft would lend us a new car and a better driver? We'll just be more vigilant and maybe give Elizabeth a mobile?"
------------------------Le time skip------------------------------
A little piece of plot I found languishing in the depths of my Google Docs. Not well edited. Hope you enjoy.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to get me if there wasn’t something different." Sherlock asked.
Comments and kudos are life, grammar and inconsistencies please tell me about, and anything you would like to see happen please tell me.
"Mrs. Hudson, Dr. John Watson."
"We've only just met and we're going to go look at a flat?" John asked.
"Sherlock, you didn't tell him? He's got the two sweetest little girls!" Mrs. Hudson exclaimed.
"Harry and me don't get on, never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago and they're getting a divorce; and Harry is a drinker." John replied.
Sherlock texted Lestrade, "Need backup for a raid. Is also a rescue mission, so do not go in guns blazing, I repeat, do not go in guns blazing."
"He doesn’t have friends. So who are you?"
About an hour later, Sherlock woke up. "Who is she? And why is she here?" John asked, once he saw Sherlock was up.
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks. "Harry's your sister.
Sherlock, furiously, through gritted teeth, seethed, "Sister!"
"The police don’t consult amateurs."
"Coming!" John yelled back as he grabbed his gun and made sure he had everything but his coat which was downstairs.
Sherlock finished tying his scarf and picked up John's coat as he waited. Gwendolyn happily hung on Sherlock's chest waving her toy bee around as they waited. John ran down the stairs to the living room to see Sherlock holding how coat out for him. "Come on, John, we need to get there before Anderson mucks everything up again." John let Sherlock put his coat on him and they raced out the door. Sherlock hailed a cab and they left for the crime scene.
Title and how they settle into having to care for a small girl child.
I motioned her to sit on the couch with us as Rosie ran to get our first aid kit that was different from John's. I then waited for her to speak. She waited until Rosie had started to work on her arm and I cleaned the hunter's guns for her.
John was at a medical conference and wouldn't be back until the next morning. She would be fine until then.
"You can't just take it!" Donovan exclaimed.
Now updated with a bit more plot.
Knowing Sherlock probably hadn't slept while John was away, he let him sleep. As odd as it was to find a 2 year old in their flat, especially asleep on Sherlock's chest, both looked like they needed the rest and his questions could wait.
John pinches the bridge of his nose. He was starting to get a headache just from thinking about all the work needed. "Just make sure that there's no one that will come after us for custody once we do so, alright? This is crazy enough. We don't need to add kidnapping charges on top of it all."
A few months later, after seeing the girls off to their private school, they got a call from Lestrade that sounded like a 7 at least. At the crime scene, which proved to be a locked room murder, there were the bodies of two girls in their 20's, clothed, one had a knife wound in her abdomen, neither had any other marks, not even defensive. There was a cot in the corner as the only furniture in the room. The door was locked and bolted from in the inside and there was no other possible entrances or exits. Sherlock looked around for a few minutes.
"That ... was amazing.
It's been 18 hours and all the CCTV has said so far is that the car that the girls willingly climbed in was eerily similar to the same car that Mycroft had set up to pick up the girls, and that the car had been headed south, probably either to an empty warehouse or an abandoned house. Those drivers had been fired and suspended. And a new personal driver/Au pair/nanny/bodyguard was being hired to care for them after they were found.
"What about these suicides then, Sherlock? Thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same." Mrs. Hudson commented as she walked out of the kitchen reading a newspaper.
"Fine." Sherlock sulked as he took a bite to eat. The next bite the girl picked up, she first offered to Sherlock, putting it up to her lips. "No, no, that's yours. You eat it."
Leaving them behind, the boys walk off back to the flat, where the girls are waiting up for them, well, Elizabeth is, Rosie fell asleep soon after they sat down.
"Well, obviously I can, erm, straighten things up a bit." Sherlock said grabbing things and moving them around before taking some unopened letters, placing them on the mantel and stabbing them with the knife there.
----------------------P.O.V. change to Elisabeth's P.O.V. and time skip to that night a few yards from the nest-----------------------------------
"But?"
Papa and Dad aka Sherlock and John were to go in the house and take out the guards there. Elisabeth had not mentioned that she would be taking out the guards by herself, so to distract our dads from my plan Rosie spoke up and brought both of their attention to since she usually was quiet.
