“No, don’t look at me like that. I was there when you were putting yourself back together after Michael. You were getting better, and now you’re back to square one again. So I figure it’s another man,” she breaks off as the waiter refills their coffee cups and smiles her thanks.
“Get down!” Cas’s voice is a commanding whisper. Bent over, they reach the other side of the open space and gain the safety of the rock columns again. Two more gunshots sound, and Dean can feel the small shards of rock rain down on him when a bullet hits the column above his head. Dean stops, stunned by disbelief, and Cas drags him around another stone pillar and pushes him into a sitting position. Cas stands and pulls the gun from his pocket. He peers around the column, back in the direction the bullets came from.
“My name is Cheryl Okemow and I’m Cree. My family has lived on these lands for many, many generations. The Cree believe that the aurora is the spirits of the dead who remain in the sky, apart from their loved ones. They believe that the lights are spirits of these departed friends and relatives trying to communicate with those they’ve left behind on Earth.
They stop talking and turn to look at him. Mashaya looks annoyed. Youssef’s face is impassive. The other man swings his rifle off his shoulder at the belligerent tone in Dean’s voice.
Dean grabs the note again, something that was niggling at him coming clear in his brain. The other notes said, ‘I’m not ready to come back yet.’ This last note said ‘I’m not ready to come home yet.’
The combination of beer and hot water relaxes him, and soon he’s drifting in a kind of trance, images from the day playing out behind his eyelids. Cas looking dangerously undressed in his robe, firm calves and muscular chest peeking out. Cas’s commanding look when he stopped Dean from lunging at the dryad with his knife. Cas leading the way into the hot pool, his trunks a lot more form-fitting than Dean had imagined. Cas… Dean is aware of a stirring sensation under the water, a tingle that’s more than just arousal, one that’s strangely familiar and yet not at the same time. His eyes fly open.
The woods are silent except for the occasional call of a chickadee. After about ten minutes of slogging through snow and underbrush, they reach a clearing. In the centre stands a ring of oak trees, old ones, bent and twisted.
They travel for hours, and it’s not the most comfortable Dean’s ever been in his life. His leg is throbbing, but it’s a small mercy that their hands are cuffed in front of them and not behind. Meg looks like she’s sleeping and Dean’s vaguely resentful that she’s relaxed enough to fall asleep. He’s caught in a maelstrom of unwanted thoughts about Cas and is worried what Mashaya is  going to do to him and Meg when they get where they’re going. Meg shifts in her sleep and slumps over towards him. He catches her with his cuffed hands and rearranges her so she’s sleeping with her head on his lap. The warmth of another person is reassuring. He drifts off too.
“My grandfather,“ Issa answers, dropping a bottle of water on the ground. As she crouches down to pick it up, she continues in a low voice, “Mashaya thinks that he is loyal to him. But he is army. My grandfather is here in the camp, he arrived with Mashaya last night and radioed the location. The army will come tonight.”
He hobbles down the row of tents, ignoring the pain in his leg as best he can. There are armed men coming out of the supply tent, carrying boxes. They’re in fatigues, but not actual army uniforms.
Dean looks at the iPhone like it’s a cursed object. What would Phil Collins do? He’d say something. He’d let Cas know how he feels.
It takes another day to get his equipment ready to be shipped south to the capital at N’Djamena and pack for his trip north. He drops in at Albert’s one night and refuses to admit to himself that he’s disappointed when Trench Coat doesn’t appear.
“New findings at depth meant we had to re-evaluate the model. Now we think the deposit is related to a steeply-dipping intrusion. We used structural field interpolations to create a model of the different foliation generations using historical structural data.” Cas hits a few keys and the three-dimensional shape of the model changes. “The predictive model pointed to a high mineral-potential zone near the contact between two foliation planes.”
“Dean,” Cas starts, but Dean keeps right on talking. He’s getting angrier the more he talks and he’s not stopping until he gets it all out.
They unload the car in the bunker’s garage, and the boxes containing the bedframe and the mattress and table lamps get moved to the empty bedroom Cas has claimed as his own. It’s the second door past Dean’s room, on the same hallway, which reassures Dean immensely. If Cas needs him, for anything, like a bad dream or something, he’ll be close. Real close. Dean does not examine the the feeling, part delight, part sheer ball-shrinking terror, that comes over him when he thinks about it in any detail. He looks up and sees that Cas is holding the much folded and unfolded receipt and is looking from it to the boxes and back again.
He holds the canteen between his legs so that he can use his hands to take the lid off and drink. And then he tries to make himself comfortable on his side on the carpet, and attempts to sleep.
. He spends a quick second mentally apologising to Jessica for thinking the worst of her. Now he’s glad he stepped in to help with dessert. If he were planning on sticking around, he would find the nicest looking profiteroles and plate them just for her. The groom hooks the garter over his thumb and pulls it back with his other hand to shoot it into the crowd of bachelors. Dean puts his hand up and catches it in midair.
The exhaustion of night patrol finally catches up with her as she makes her way back to her own cabin. Zoe and Penn are out. She finds, to her surprise, that she’s a little sad to have missed them after all.
Cas looks back at him with massive incomprehension. “Dean. We’re not going to Chicago. It’s not dark yet, and you’re not wearing sunglasses.”
And that's how Dean ended up where he is now: standing near the change-room door, dressed in much less clothing than he's entirely comfortable with, watching a stream of laughing people,  dressed in flip-flops and robes over bathing suits, some wearing knit hats, go out the door and into a winter fairyland.
“And you’ve killed many, many scary monsters before without calling me ‘babe’: vampires, werewolves, wraiths...” Dean’s sure the only thing stopping Cas from ticking them off on his fingers is the wad of jacket lining he’s got pressed to his chest. “Kitsunes, vetala, arachnes,” he continues. “Wendigoes, ghouls, rawheads…”
Cas sips his beer and shakes and tries not to think of how close he came to being a late-night snack for the bear.
The next morning he’s sitting in the bunker's kitchen with a coffee and the package on the table in front of him when Sam comes in. He snags a mug, pours himself a coffee, and looks over at Dean.
“Are we heading back now?” Dean’s voice doesn’t betray how sad he is at the thought of heading back to Fada now. He’s enjoying Cas’s company.
An art gallery in a winery. Huh. Can you get any more fancy or expensive than that? It reminds him of the joke about the most expensive restaurant in the world: a concession stand in a movie theatre in an airport. Heh.
“Sam also told me that putting together IKEA furniture is fun, it’s a like a jigsaw puzzle for adults.”
“That’s just it, Meg. Logically, I know I’m single. Emotionally, I’m still not quite there. And when I gave in to impulse, it just felt so good. Just feeling, and not thinking, but the next morning I felt horrible.” Cas drains the last of his coffee and puts the cup down on the table. “Which had nothing to do with Dean, he was great. It was all me. I just had to get out of there, get away from the situation, so I could figure out how to feel about it.”
“Oh, this isn’t about Christmas, Dean. You embrace the spirit of Christmas just fine. This is about something else you should be embracing.” She gives him yet another significant look, “Or, more specifically, someone.”
Cas shushes him and says in a tense whisper, “Whoever they are, they’re not moving like tourists. Come on.” He pulls Dean away from the column and leads him, unresisting, further into the labyrinth.
“No, Issa belongs to the camp, she’s related to one of Mashaya’s soldiers, a granddaughter, I think. She’s a smart girl. She was helping me examine and treat the girls, and she has some medical knowledge. Dean, we can’t let these girls be taken to Sudan. They need to get back to their families.”
. They look good together, Cas thinks. Dean twirls her away from him, keeping hold of one of her hands as she pauses dramatically, arms outstretched, and then reels her back into his arms. She throws her head back and laughs. It’s too much. Cas turns back to the bar and downs the rest of the wine in his glass.
“Something I should have done before I went chasing after you like I care what happens to you. I’m calling for help.” He finds the satellite phone and powers it up. “Victor will know who to contact.”
Cas looks around at the room. Bloated businessmen and their jewel-bedecked wives stand in knots all around the ballroom. A string quartet in tuxedos plays something tasteful yet bland in the corner. There are orchids in the centrepieces on the snowy white tablecloths of the all the tables in the marble-floored room. Naomi Novak, CEO of Novak Pharmaceuticals, and now in the race for mayor, has spared no expense for this fundraiser. Gabe sighs as the woman herself catches sight of them and starts across the ballroom, smiling dangerously.
“Thank God,” she says. “I’ll  keep the girls in the tent and keep them lying down, hopefully out of the way of any bullets that might be flying around”. She finishes with the bandage and squeezes his hand before heading back to her charges.
Dean remembers the warring emotions he felt at that moment, as Cas walked towards him. He could feel the weight of Cas’s attention, the laser focus of his scrutiny. It was uncomfortable, and unnerving; and, now he can admit it to himself, thrilling in a way he didn’t want to define.
“Welcome, everyone, to this celebration of the end of another year, and the beginning of a new one. I’m Tamara Knightley, the owner of Twisted River Winery. We are very honoured to have Kazuhara Tanaka here with this collection of  Edo Period Nabeshima ware. It was produced in Lord Nabeshima's kiln at Okawachi near Arita around 1700.” She nods towards a tall man in a severe black suit standing next to one of the spotlit pedestals that holds a beautiful blue plate painted with herons.
Dean opens his eyes and Bobby is standing there in jeans and a denim shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a down vest over top, and his trucker hat firmly on his head. He does not look happy to be there, and that makes Dean smile.
Dean can hear noises now and again over the sounds of their feet on the stony ground. Low voices, their exact direction obscured by the forest of stone, but definitely coming from behind them. And once, he hears the distant sound of car engines and the clink of metal on stone, like a rifle barrel hitting one of the columns. Dean’s imagination is working overtime.
He finishes filling the last cream puffs, and licks some stray cream from the back of his hand. It tastes good. And that feels good. What would it feel like if it was Dean’s tongue licking whipped cream off his skin? He idly squeezes some of the cream out of the piping bag onto his finger and considers it for a moment, and then squeezes out more. He puts his whole finger in his mouth and then sucks the cream off it as he pulls his finger back out through his lips, eyes closed in enjoyment, a small groan escaping him.
. Looks like this is an extra-special holiday for you guys. What made you pull your head out of your ass and come to your senses, Dean?”
They’re lying there, Dean still breathing hard and about to reach for Cas, when they hear the first noises.
Well, isn’t that just perfect. He’s headed up to the oil fields smack dab in the middle of the alert zone in a couple of days. His email notification chimes and he opens a new message from his boss. It seems they’re taking the alert seriously. He’s being assigned security for his trip up north.
They remind her of home—of before. Of walking through the woods behind the house in a northern Michigan winter with her sister, afternoon sun hanging low in the sky. Kelsey with her pockets full of sunflower seeds and cigarettes, Christina feeding the chickadees and Kels smoking with extravagant gestures, dissecting the social strata of the senior class as clinically as any anthropologist.
“Well, the one in the picture has fringes, and this one doesn’t…” Cas registers the look on Dean’s face. “It’s fine, really. Thank you.”
Cas is very aware of Dean sitting so close next to him and the heat coming from Dean’s body. He looks away from the computer screen and makes himself meet Dean’s eyes.
Dean translates to himself. Well okay then, things are getting interesting. He turns for a better look. They’re Canadian, Québécois; he recognizes the slang. They’re a long way from home. Trench Coat, as Dean’s been thinking of him, shushes the yelling man with the offer to buy another round. He slides out of the booth giving Dean a better view of his companions. Foreigners here are almost always associated with the oil fields, and these two seem to be no exception. Roughnecks, by the look of them.
“We need to move,” Cas breathes out, his words faltering as Dean bites gently along his shoulder. “Unless you just want me to pin you to this wall and fuck you right here.”
Cas sits on the bed, but doesn’t look at Dean. “I’m sorry I yelled,” he says to the closet door. “I’m sorry I got so mad. It wasn’t about the squirrel, though it is annoying. I was worried because you had done something dangerous.” Cas looks at at the evidence of the pouting session on Dean’s bedside table. “Magic is not something to be used lightly. Especially after half a bottle of whiskey. I was scared for you. What if you’d accidentally banished yourself to another dimension? Or the bottom of the sea, or Saturn, or...Cleveland?”
They get to the convention centre and part ways. Claire is meeting up with someone in the exhibit room before going to Cas’s talk, and Cas heads off to the room 117 where a poster on an easel says: Advances in Mineral Systems Modelling of Ni-Cu-PGE and Gold. It’s still an hour until his presentation and he sits in a chair at the back of the room making notes as the other speakers present.
“They’re all here,” Meg says, changing the subject, “all eight of the girls who’ve been kidnapped in the last month.”
They spend another hot summer week in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan looking for a wendigo, but they don’t find it. They spend time drinking beer around a campfire outside their rented cabin on a dirt road in the forest off a two-lane highway. Sam buys them swim trunks at Walmart and dares Dean into braving the heart-stoppingly cold water of Lake Superior. They whoop and splash each other before scrambling out to sun themselves on the rocks, teeth chattering as they lie back and let the heat stored in lichen-covered granite leach the lake cold from their skin. Dean enjoys himself for the first time in weeks, until thoughts of Cas intrude like clouds across the sun.
“Lidocaine. I’m going to numb your leg so that I can clean the wound out without hurting you more than you are already.”
“Dean, I’ve always loved you, since I found you in Hell. I’ve been waiting a long time for you to realize it for yourself.”
“It’s requited, in case you were worried.” Cas smiles wider and it’s the best thing Dean’s ever seen. He holds out a hand and Dean carefully helps him to his feet. “Let’s go back to the party and let your brother know the shojo’s dead. I can get cleaned up and we can get some champagne and maybe I’ll let you kiss me at midnight.”
He can hear engines starting up, they must be almost finished stripping the camp of goods, so going to see if he can spring Meg is out of the question. The admin tent is a better target anyway. He creeps closer to the entry of the parking area as the armed man leaves the passageway and heads for the vehicles. But he moves too soon. Mashaya looks over and Dean instinctively ducks out of sight, but it’s too late, he’s been seen. Mashaya barks an order in clipped Arabic, and the insurgent turns and comes back into the passageway, gun pointing at Dean, and ushers him out into the open area.
Cas lies still and peers up at Dean from under raised eyebrows. In his peripheral vision, Dean can see the bemused look on his face as he hurriedly fumbles the buttons of Cas’s shirt open. He’s scratched up pretty badly, blood still oozing sluggishly from the stab wounds caused by the shojo’s nails, but he’s not in any real danger. Relief makes Dean light-headed. Cas is gonna be OK. He hasn’t lost him.
. He mentally reverses course, plucks the cassette out of Cas’s hand and jams it in the tape player. “You’re right, Cas. Genesis is rock.“ The heavy synth of the intro fills the car.
“So,” Dean starts, “I gotta say I never expected to see you waiting for me when I got home from work. Why are you here, Cas? Why are you in Churchill? I figured you were back with Michael. That
“Umm, memory problems, but I can remember the whole night, so okay there. Confusion? Not yet anyway. Dizziness? Check. Blurred vision? Check. Headache? Double check. I’m not nauseated, so there’s that. And I don’t know about balance problems because I’m sitting on your bed.”
They drink for an hour or so more before returning to the camp. The walk back is a hilarious affair, Meg and Gabe singing, and all of them weaving a little more than they’d probably like to admit. Dean walks beside Cas, their shoulders brushing occasionally. Gabe leers knowingly at how close they’re walking. The group leaves Dean at his tent and carries on loudly down the row of tents. Dean strips to his boxers, unrolls the sleeping bag on the bed, and is asleep in moments.
“Most people are going to be in the dining room, so I have that covered. I’ll stay put and keep an eye out there,” says Sam.
Dean leans forward and shows him just how much. He’s got Cas spread out on the front seat, and he’s got his robe open. Baby’s heater is kicking in and the windows are fogging up. And as Dean runs his hands over Cas’s chest and Cas hauls him down for another kiss, he realizes he’s got his heart’s desire too.
And then the floor seems to fall out from under Cas, because it’s not Dean who’s advancing towards the bride and then sliding across the floor on his knees to end up at her feet. It’s not Dean who’s making her howl in helpless laughter as he grabs the hem of her voluminous wedding gown and throws it over his head. It’s not Dean whose head appears again a few seconds later, after some theatrical flailing, dragging the lacy garter down past her ankle with his teeth. It’s not Dean who stands up triumphantly brandishing the scrap of lace and ribbon while Jessica giggles and smooths down her skirts. It’s the floppy-haired groomsman she was making out with in the coat room.
Dean wakes  when the car comes to a stop. It’s still dark. Meg wakes, and sits up. In the headlights Dean can see several animal-hide tents set up in a small flat area ringed by high rocky crags. He turns and looks out the rear-view window to see Mashaya’s truck pass them thenstop inside the encampment. The twisting route of a dry waterway winds down and out of sight behind the car. They’re in the Tibesti Mountains -- a long way from Fada. Dean looks at his watch. It’s nearly 4 a.m.
“Boko Haram,” Victor answers. Dean remembers the email he received a couple of days ago. ”They’ve been coming south out of Libya, and east out of Niger. They tend to raid the areas for a few days at a time and then head back to their home territory. Depending on what I hear at the prefecture, we might head out to the lease blocks later tomorrow or wait a few days.”
“I think I’m going to take this to go,” she says to Dean, getting up, “I should check on the girls.” Dean watches her walk away
“Dean, I've never done a jigsaw puzzle.” He looks earnestly at Dean. “I want to do a jigsaw puzzle.”
“You were right to end it, Michael. We don’t belong together anymore. I’m sorry that whoever you left me for isn’t doing for you. But I’m not a consolation prize or your fucking Plan B.” Cas gives full throttle to his anger now that the shock is receding. “You don’t get to just pick back up where you left off after putting me through that. I’m not interested. I’ve found someone else. Enjoy the rest of your stay in Toronto. Goodbye, Michael.” Cas turns his back and sits down at his desk. He’s shaking, more from anger now than from shock.
Dean turns his head to the side and watches as Cas lies down on the bed beside him, grinning. Dean can’t help but smile, his satisfaction transitioning into fondness.
“Nah, I’ve got a better idea.” He points over to their left. “There’s hot pools over there. And a bar. I think a soak and a beer before we head out is just what the doctor ordered. Might as well make the most of our admission.”
“Let’s go. Sam will be getting worried.” Cas says, dropping another kiss on Dean’s cheek and pulling him towards the path back to the winery.
Dean shifts his gaze to the man now coming towards the bar, and nearly chokes on his beer. He looks to be a few years older than Dean, tall, near Dean’s height, and leanly muscled, a wilted white dress shirt tucked into black suit pants, so not the wardrobe for Chad in the spring. Abéché isn’t true desert, it’s in the Sahel, the more temperate savannah zone, but the temperature reaches the high 80s during the day. It’s his face that stops Dean, with his bottle at his mouth. Piercing blue eyes under dark hair, a nice nose over chapped pink lips, a sharp jawline.
Cas notices him blushing and the small smile that Dean sees appear on his lips makes him think that they might be thinking about the same memory from the saggy bed of the Cheyenne Motor Inn the night before, their haste to touch, the fact that they hadn’t even managed to remove all their clothes before falling on the bed, ravenous for each other.
“Too bad.” Cas takes one last look around the kitchen. The filled profiteroles are piled neatly on the serving platters, small pitchers are set out on the counter to receive the chocolate sauce that’s warming on the stove. It’ll have to be enough. He needs to get out of here.
) For a place that Cas has only lived in for a few short months, the bunker seems incredibly Cas-less now that he’s gone.
“I, uh, like you.” It’s a simple statement, devastating in its directness. Cas cannot believe it just came out of his mouth. The floor still doesn’t open up and swallow him. Fucking floor.
Cas pulls back, focusing on Dean and shaking his head like he’s trying to wake himself up. He looks kinda panicked, Dean thinks. “Dean, it’s Nerinphe’s blessing. I think this is my ‘power flourishing like an oak tree’.“
“Stop wrecking my heartfelt speech.” He’s brave enough now to reach out and touch Dean, trailing his fingers down Dean’s arm before holding his hand. “And I still couldn’t tell you how I felt, and had to lure you back to my office like some kind of creepy old guy asking you back to see my etchings.”
Cas reaches over him and turns the shower head so the water isn’t hitting Dean in the face anymore. He feels Cas run his hand through his hair, getting rid of the suds, and directing the water to rinse it. Dean opens his eyes. Cas has shed his tee and shorts and is crouching over him in wet boxers.
Dean looks peeved. “Well that’s not fair, I only figured it out just now.” He looks down at the hex wrench that’s still in his hands. “Soooo, how are you feeling about moving in here?”
The driver and passenger get out and open the back doors. Meg and Dean are pulled out. They stand close together in the light from the car headlights. The men start unloading the vehicles and Dean can see Youssef among them. In the background is the steady grumble of a generator. Lights strung on a wire between two poles illuminate the small valley. The men empty the vehicles, carrying boxes to the tent next to the generator. Probably a refrigerator in there for the drugs, Dean thinks.
. Dean grins. It’s a favorite of his. He turns to say something to Cas, but suddenly Cas isn’t there.
Sam’s forehead furrows into a reasonable facsimile of the Grand Canyon. “Okay. How about this: we get fur from the original squirrel, the one with the notch in its ear, and use that to recast the spell. That should work. It’s the same principle as voodoo.”
Cas shrugs. “The horsemen? Three thousand years, could be four.’ He moves along the wall, ”The camel looks older. It’s hard to tell.”
“Pffft. They’re everywhere. I went on a shitty Tinder date once with a guy who looked just like Daniel Radcliffe at a hipster bar in North Bay.”
True, he’d known Cas less than a week, but he'd developed feelings that were about more than just sex. It seems their shared experiences in the labyrinth: the kiss, being on the run for their lives, and him getting shot have accelerated Dean’s feelings. Thank God he didn’t get any further involved. That last memory of Cas leaving the tent while he lay on the floor is seared into his brain. Nonetheless, Dean realizes he’s a lot more involved than he wants to be. It’s hard to tell what’s hurting him more: his leg or thinking about Cas.
does what he’s been dreaming of for literal years. He kisses Cas. It’s even better than he’s imagined. Heat runs through him like jet fuel at the press of Cas’s lips, fast and burning bright through his veins. Cas gives as good as he gets and they break apart, breathing heavily. Dean puts an arm around him, making sure that Cas is putting pressure on the shojo wounds. He bends to retrieve the katana and stash it away so no one sees it.
Back at the tundra buggy headquarters, Cas stops to say goodbye to his new friends They’re staying at the hotel just a block away, so Cas walks them home through the frozen stillness, not quite ready to say goodnight. They wish each other Happy New Year before Cas heads over towards the street where his Airbnb is. He’s ready for some hot chocolate, or maybe some wine. He wraps his scarf more tightly around his neck and sets off for his temporary home.
A choked noise from the doorway has his eyes flying open. Dean is standing there. Of course he is. He’s trying to hold back a smile. Cas is mortified. Despite his immediate and heartfelt prayers, the floor doesn’t open up and swallow him.
Cas smiles. “Ah. Good to know.” It’s Dean’s turn to raise an eyebrow, but Cas’s eyes have drifted shut. Has he just been flirted with? He’s not sure.
Sam’s still sleeping, if the sound of snoring continuing to emanate from his room is any indication. Dean pauses at the kitchen door and looks in. It’s not empty, as it was in his vision of the future. Cas is leaning against the counter, dressed in a faded Rolling Stones tee and sweatpants, coffee in hand. Unshaven and his hair a wild nest. It’s the best thing Dean’s ever seen. Cas looks up from his mug and smiles. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Dean spends the next few hours thinking hard. If he were going to raid the encampment, he’d send troops around to attack from the back of the valley to distract the insurgents before launching a frontal assault. Pin them down with their attention focused away from the road up from the desert and then come in hard with as many troops as possible. The problem with that is he doesn’t know if Youssef has told the raiding party where the girls are being held. The last thing he wants is for them or Meg to get hurt. He sees Youssef across the camp, talking to Mashaya, but the man keeps his distance from Dean.
Slowly he begins to pull himself out of his depression. Meg helps, dragging him out to movies; and Claire, the grad student who’s working with him on the ore models as part of her thesis invites him for dinner with her and and a couple of other grad students, and he has a better time than he expects. Cold, snowy February gives way to grey, damp March. It’s still cold, hovering just around freezing, but most of the snow is gone and Toronto is a city in shades of grey and brown. Cas feels as monochromatic as his surroundings, his nights out with Meg and Claire the only bursts of colour in his life.
“Fuck,“ he exclaims, spitting out sand, “What the hell was that?” He tries to get his knees under him to get to his feet, but his left leg is not cooperating. It’s numb.
“So...you came all the way from Toronto to Churchill to find him? Man, you must have it bad for him.”
“Yeah,” Cas sits back, “Go along the corridor to the right, through the double doors, to the end of the hallway. Turn left and it’s like the second door on your left.”
“Yeah. I knew a guy.” Dean smiles at the memory. Vincent had been fun. Fun and passionate. Vincent Picard. Dean had not been able to resist calling him Jean-Luc. Especially in bed.
is what’s going to sweep away the fear and the pain and the uncertainty of the last two days. Dean moans into Cas’s mouth as Cas moves his hand, stroking firmly. He rolls his head back against the pillow as Cas trails kisses down his neck, biting gently at the tendon there. He licks along Dean’s collarbone and down across his chest. Dean can't help but close his eyes. Finally feeling something other than pain in his leg, he focuses all his attention on Cas’s lips and tongue and hand, his hips rolling with the movement.
Well, good news is he’s found Cas. Bad news, and the thing that’s stopping him from calling out, is that Cas is talking to Youssef. And it’s definitely Youssef, Dean recognizes his voice. They are talking in low, urgent tones. Dean’s too far away to make out what they’re saying, but he can tell they’re speaking French. Neither seem angry, but there’s a tense atmosphere to their discussion, and a familiarity that indicates they’re not strangers to each other. As if to back up that impression, Cas pats Youssef’s shoulder before they walk away in different directions: Youssef heading back to where Mashaya is, and Cas skirting the edges of the camp, heading in the general direction of the mess tent and the guest quarters.
And suddenly it all feels wrong. Cas feels briefly faint. He shakes his head to dislodge intrusive thoughts of Michael.
“Zack,” he finishes, and they both smile. Another bird swoops down and lands in her hand briefly. When she raises her eyes, Cas is looking directly at her.
“I should have seen this coming. Dean, there was... more to the blessing than I told you. I think the important part came after that bit,” Cas says, looking down.”
“That all seems so unreal. I’ve been in Chad for months, but this is my first trip up to the Sahara. I want to see more of it, but I’m stuck here.”
clearly, leaning forward and softly, so softly, touching Cas’s lips with his. Pressing harder, losing himself in the kiss. With difficulty he tears his eyes away from Cas’s plush lips.
Thank God. His room. His bed. His memory foam. Dean sits down heavily and takes off his boots. He strips down to his boxers and lies back under the covers, just for a second, to rest his eyes and settle his stomach because the room is spinning. The room is also, for some reason, really damn cold. Dean draws in a frigid breath.
Cas is struck dumb by this. Dean didn’t walk away angry, he walked away for Cas, for what he thought Cas wanted. Cas can’t think what to say as Dean shrugs helplessly, then gets up and starts turning on lamps. The room is growing darker as the sun sets. Cas finds words again. “Dean. Please come over here.”
, he reminds himself. They clean up their meal and Dean follows Cas as he heads to a trail leading up one of the walls of the canyon.
Dean stopped, What the hell was wrong with him? He was distracted from these thoughts by his hands, so cold they were burning. He looked down at them, pale in the floodlight and flexed them, gasping slightly. Cas was immediately by his side.
Dean turns around a corner and Cas is there, leaning against the rock like he doesn’t have a care in the world. Dean is suddenly furious.
“Your gratitude is overwhelming.” Dean’s tone is as dry as the 350 miles of desert between Abéché and Faya-Largeau. It doesn’t go unnoticed.
Cas sits up slowly, taking over the job of holding the compress to his wound. “I see. And those are the only reasons you called me ‘babe’: alcohol and scary monster?”
“Yeah. There’s supposed to be a surprise dessert at midnight for everyone. Profiteroles, Jess’s favorite. The chef baked them earlier, but he just left for the ER. It looks like appendicitis. Gabe’s kinda blitzed but I figured that you’d be an old hand at filling them and making the chocolate sauce.” Dean gives him puppy dog eyes and Cas is lost. He doesn’t have a clear idea what profiteroles even are, but how can he not help? Telling Dean that he’s not Lucas the baker is not an option. It’s far too embarrassing, and besides, Cas wants everything to go perfectly for Dean.
“I...I love you.” There. It’s out. A feeling of relief washes through him. Relief and a faint tingling.
A sand-coloured armoured vehicle with a front-mounted gun is coming up the dry river bed towards the camp, followed by four or five jeeps. The insurgents start shooting back at the army cars. The big gun on the armoured vehicle fires and the oil drums next to the kitchen tent erupt in a fountain of oil.
Dean wakes up all at once. It’s morning. Christmas morning. It’s not London in the 1800s, he’s not summoned out of bed by church bells, but he feels the same anxiety that Scrooge did when he threw open the window to ask what day it was. What actually beckons him down the hallway into the kitchen is the scent of coffee. The scent of coffee and the chance to talk to Cas.
They get out of the jeep and make their way into the maze. The sun is well past its zenith now, so the passageways are shadowed and cool. Dean wanders through the labyrinth, looking up at the azure sky visible between the lumpy, rounded columns. He’s lost in thought, but aware of Cas somewhere behind him. He can hear him whistling.
The playlist is definitely fucking with him now. But Dean only has a moment to think about that because Cas is leaning close to kiss him. At the touch of Cas’s lips, the knot in Dean’s chest begins to loosen. He kisses back, tentatively.
Now another colour joins the ballet. A ruby-red ribbon unfurls under the green curtains and waves gently. This is more than Cas had hoped for. He struggles to get into his coat, grabbing his camera and tripod and heading for the door of the buggy. A few other hardy souls have decided not to shoot through the buggy windows and are heading out as well. Cas has adjusted the settings on his camera ahead of time, and tucks his gloves in his pocket as he steps down onto the ground. Even without wind, the cold is breathtaking. What he sees before him makes him forget the cold instantly. The stars are blazing in pure white counterpoint to the aurora. Cas feels there should be music, ethereal, faerie symphonies from the cosmos. He sets up his tripod and takes some photos, the spindly spruce trees are dark silhouettes in the foreground against the immensity of the decorated sky.
“Twenty minutes, Dean,” she says, and when Dean pulls the pillow off his head, she’s gone and the room is warm again.
“Quebec is very European. No one is going to look twice at us. At most, they’ll think we’re a couple. Canada has had legal same-sex marriage since 2005.” He tilted his head and squinted at Dean. “Why? Does this bother you?”
“He’s a doctor. A new guy, just rotated in.” Dean remembers what Cas had said about oil workers being ransom material, but the doctors being left pretty much alone.
Well, the last ghost is sure taking their sweet time. Dean’s got an inkling of who it’s gonna be, and sure enough, as he’s lying on his bed resting his eyes, the room gets cold again and he recognizes the sound of someone clearing his throat.
Dean steps close and cradles Cas’s face in his hands, mittens dragging against the stubble on his cheeks. Cas doesn’t move away. In fact, he sways closer.
“Yeah,” he answers, “give me a minute.”  Dean rinses his mug and puts it in the sink. He picks up his duffle and laptop case, makes sure his satellite phone is in his pocket, then grabs his jacket and follows Henriksen outside.
Dean reaches up and kisses Cas. It’s soft and quick, but it holds the promise of heat. “Well, if you really feel bad about my leg, you could always kiss it better.”
he do about it? As much as this bothers him, and to be honest it bothers him a lot more than it should at such short acquaintance with Dean, there isn’t much he can do. Time to get Gabe and get out of here before someone else finds out about the bride or discovers that he and his brother don’t belong here.
In another few minutes, the lights dim and dissipate, finally vanishing and leaving only the bright diamonds of the stars, Cassiopeia tipped on her side, looking like she’s about to fall to Earth. Cas feels sated, like he’s tasted a dish he’d dreamed of eating for years, but already he wants more.
Dean is standing on the porch, a mouldy-looking green blanket thrown over his shoulders, coffee mug in his hand. (
“You love me.” It’s not a question. Dean looks at Cas’s face. A small smile curves his lips and his eyes are shining. Holy crap, he feels it too.
They’re in Cas’s living room with pizza and a beer each when they do a 411 search for Dean Winchester on Cas’s laptop. No Dean Winchester in Churchill. Cas slumps over on the couch, defeated. “He must just have a cellphone.”
“Cas, cut the crap. I know something’s wrong. It’s been worse since you got back from Churchill. You come in late. You zone out at your desk. I had to remind you twice that the second-year lab was rescheduled. Even when you were at your worst after Michael—”
Dean snickers at that, and says something under his breath about squirrel sex that has Cas glaring at him.
“Dean.” Sam had looked at him, “He’s thousands of years old, he’s survived Purgatory and Leviathans. He can look after himself for a while. Even without grace. You’ve taught him a lot.” Dean had grabbed his cell. Cas’s phone was not showing on the tracking app.
. He sees it again. Someone is moving along the ridgeline towards the break. Dean tracks the movement. There are two men there, just out of sight beside the notch that marks the long crack in the cliff face. Dean gets a glimpse, one’s in fatigues, a soldier. The other is Cas.
“Oh yeah? And what are you going to do? Get one of your men to shoot me again?” Dean’s  heart is pounding, but he carries on.
Sam checks to make sure that none of his hair is in the way, and then drops a match into the bowl. The ingredients flare up, releasing a greasy cloud of green smoke. They all turn and watch as a small river of squirrels flows out of the bunker door.  As soon as the weak winter sunlight hits them, they wink out of existence, leaving only depressions in the snow to show where they’d been.
The thought that had been floating just below his consciousness for days finally surfaces. “And Aozi. There was an attack and a kidnapping there the night you stayed with me in Faya-Largeau, Victor told me about it. It’s why we didn’t go north to Ounianga Kébir. The next morning you warned me away from going north, said you’d just been up in Aozi, things weren’t safe.” He gives a humorless laugh. “Yeah, I’ll say.”
This short blond guy who’s now busy peeling the wrapper from a candy bar and regarding him with open amusement must be a relative of Cas’s.
Cas looks at him thoughtfully, and nods. “I just need to go get a few things.” He’s back in a couple of minutes with some plastic bags and tape.
Cas rolls his eyes. “As riveting as this all is, I’m sure Dean wants to drop off his bags and get a drink. See you later at the Bucket?”
“OK, what I don’t understand is that the victims don’t seem to have anything in common,’ Dean says. ”It’s not like that time with Garth when the shojo was being directed to take out all the heirs to the brewery. This time, the bodies were a couple from the Netherlands and a worker from the vineyard. All they have in common is that they were on the same property as the pottery when they died.”
. Yeah, I may have, under an extreme amount of stress, maybe, possibly, used a term of endearment in your direction.”
Cas returns in probably less than ten minutes, but it seems like a lot longer to Dean. “They’re gone. I went south almost to the edge of the labyrinth. I didn’t see or hear anyone in the maze, but I did hear car engines in the distance. Going west. I don’t know why they’re gone, but it looks like they are.”
Cas washes his hands and fills the piping bag from the first container of cream. He’s got the tins of cream puffs on one side of him and clean platters on the other. He takes the first cream puff and inserts the end of the piping bag inside it, like Gordon did, and squeezes. Way too hard. The whipped cream shoots back out of the overfilled pastry like the money shot in a porno. Cas makes a mental note to wipe that off the floor later. The second one gets ruined too. And the third. It takes him a while to get the hang of it.
Dean’s hands are tangled in the sleeping bag while Cas uses his hand to angle Dean’s cock upwards and sinks his mouth down on it again. He picks up speed and the sweet friction has Dean moaning his name, the pleasure inside him rising to a fever pitch.
Dean’s saved from answering by the appearance of two men in climbing gear on the balcony. Europeans: German or Scandinavian by the look of them. They greet Dean and Cas in stilted English and then exclaim over the rock paintings, and the moment is gone. Cas leads the way back down the trail to the black pools. A new caravan has arrived, and the camels, some of them decked out in ornate saddles, are drinking thirstily from the pools, their drivers making tea over small fires near the canyon walls.Dean takes one last look around, trying to commit it all to memory, and then follows Cas back out the passage for the half hour walk back to the jeep.
Cas worries his lower lip between his teeth for a second. Despite the pain and lightheadedness, Dean is mesmerized watching it, remembering what those lips felt like pressed against his own. The sensation of Cas’s teeth nipping at his lip and...
It was awful. I finally found you again, and I was going to take you out for dinner, tell you how I felt about you, and then you were gone.”
jawline, and a mouth. A mouth with lips. Cas realizes his descriptive powers are faltering here. He settles on deciding that it’s the sexiest mouth he’s ever seen making the sexiest laugh he’s ever heard. Ever. And he’s in a perfectly tailored black tux, white rose in his lapel. Cas feels shaken to his very core. He’s always mocked the idea of love at first sight as a device in bad romance novels, and yet Cas finds himself standing there for a full minute, dumbstruck, before finally remembering how to use his legs and cross the room to where Gabe is talking to this vision.
There’s the sound of glass breaking, and a shout of pain. Dean looks down the street. He can’t see anything from here. The voices are carrying some distance through the night air. He rolls his eyes, apologises silently to Victor, and goes out through the gate.
Abandoning all attempts at stealth, Dean charged Cas and tackled him into the snow, landing on top of him and mercilessly washing his face with a handful of snow.
“Oh come on, it’s funny. Isn’t it funny?” she asks Claire, who’s come to Cas’s office to walk with him to the convention centre where the mining conference is taking place. It’s a nice day, sunny and cool, and Cas wants to spend some time in the fresh air on the half hour walk before giving his talk. Get rid of his jitters.
“He did take the stairs pretty quickly when he left. I figured you were both in a hurry to get out of here.” Meg says.
“Oh my God, you amateur, it’s "Come out to the coast, we'll get together, have a few laughs...‘“ Her voice is steady, but there’s a faint hint of hysteria present that worries him.
If this were a movie, this is the moment when the music would start up, Cas thinks. A stray sunbeam or well-placed spotlight would illuminate this Greek god as the camera zoomed in on broad shoulders; light brown hair, thick and plush and barely tamed; beautiful eyes scrunched up as he laughs at something Gabe is saying; a
“Most of the time, it seems,” Meg says, “They were let out for some exercise earlier. I’m surprised you didn’t wake up, one of the guards gave them a soccer ball, and they kicked it around for a while. It seemed to lift their spirits.”
A battered-looking Range Rover, its roof rack piled high with gear, is parked next to a similarly burdened Land Cruiser, two men standing next to it. Like Victor, they’re dressed in sand-colored camo, and they’re armed. Victor does the introductions.
“What?” Dean sounds a bit belligerent. Sam looks back and forth between the book he’s holding and the symbols Dean chalked on the walkway
Moving to Toronto for a year to fill in for a professor on sabbatical was out of character for him, scary, even, considering his regimented plans for advancing his career, and Meg seemed to know this. She started by bringing him coffee, then inviting him places, not letting him spend all his time brooding alone. This year at the University of Toronto was supposed to be about career progression and a safe place to lick his wounds after his breakup with Michael. It had turned out to be much more, and Meg’s friendship was to thank for that.
“No, I can’t do this Dean. I can’t take advantage of you if you’re under the dryad’s spell. It’s wrong.”
Dean stands up, tugging Cas by the hand down the hallway to his bedroom. They make it halfway. Dean pushes Cas up against the wall, causing him to let out a groan. He can feel Dean’s mouth twist up into a satisfied smile as he continues kissing him. Cas retaliates by tugging at Dean’s hair, pulling his head away and giving them both a chance to breathe. Dean obliges, letting his head fall back and exposing his neck so Cas can kiss and bite along the skin there. He’s living for the ragged breaths Dean’s gasping out and the way he presses himself harder into Cas as if any space between them is too much space.
They walk through the milling camels over to one of the pools, and sure enough the eyes and snout of a crocodile are visible in the black water. It flips its tail lazily and disappears underwater. Cas walks over to the canyon wall and sits at the base, leaning back against the newly sun-warmed rock. Dean follows suit, and they sit in silence, watching the camels.
“Cas?” Dean calls. Nothing but the soft sighing of the incessant desert wind through the maze.  “CAS!” Dean calls, louder. He turns and starts to retrace his steps. He’s further into the labyrinth than he thought. Scanning the ground for footprints in the thin layer of sand over stony ground, he’s starting to feel uneasy. He picks up speed, recognizing the shape of one of the columns he passed on the way in, like a hunched old woman pulling a hood close over her head, and makes towards it. His heart is starting to hammer in a very unpleasant fashion.
The disabled jeep is almost two kilometres east of where they spent the night, and Dean is grateful to be able to sit in the car while Cas, Benny, and Gabe repair the jeep and talk in low, worried tones about the incident the night before. He stays in the Land Rover, stretched out across the back seat for the drive back to Fada. Cas follows in the jeep, and the convoy makes it back to Fada by nightfall. Despite Gabe wanting to contact the army post right away with the news of the Boko Haram attack, Cas talks him into waiting until the next day.
Cas comes over and sits next to Dean and chews contemplatively on a date. “Huh, the first time we met: I’d just flown in from N’Djamena after a medical conference in Paris, so I was still wearing it.” He smiles, “It was my dad’s. He wore it all the time. I remember when I was little, he’d come home, and the first thing he’d do after he’d yell ‘I’m home’ was to hang it up in the closet. I went through a phase when I was about five when I hated him going to work. I was afraid that something was going to happen to him and he wouldn’t come home, and he told me that the coat was magic and would protect him. So it’s kind of a good luck thing, and I think of him when I wear it.” Cas stops, lost in thought.
“I think I can shower by myself, thanks.” Dean isn’t sure why he’s being a jerk. He knows he’s doing it but he doesn’t seem to know how to stop.
Cas finishes his meal and leaves some bills on the bar to cover it and a tip. He thanks Ellen and wishes her a good day. Out in the lobby, he’s heading for the stairs to his room when the blonde girl who’d brought him his burger motions him over to where she’s sitting on the lobby couch.
They drive for a few hours, crossing the erg and weaving around the dunes. Eventually, the jeep bumps onto stony ground that’s tangerine in the early morning light. They pass twisted, wind-scoured red sandstone formations that wouldn’t look out of place in one of those old coyote and roadrunner cartoons. Up ahead, a dark line on the horizon is becoming more distinct, and the sun streams over the jeep, casting a strange elongated shadow that races across the desert beside them.
Dean still remembers how it felt to stab Cas. The bone jarring shock of it when he rammed the blade home, and the little smirk Cas gave him before glancing down at the hilt protruding from his chest and then holding Dean’s eyes while he pulled it out and dropped it, the most classic of mic drops. Seeing it happen again, in front of him, Dean has to admit it’s kind of hot in a disturbing way. Because it was also really fucking scary at the time. He looks over at Kevin, who impatiently gestures for him to watch the tableau unfolding before them.
All of this is running through Cas’s mind while Dean gazes hopefully at him with his field/lagoon/forest/shamrock/lady M&M eyes. It’s no contest. Cas is in. Anything to keep Dean smiling. Even if it is lunacy. He’s a high school teacher, not a baker. There is no way this ends well.
“Measles vaccinations.” Cas closes his eyes for a second, and then blinks a few times to clear his vision. “We send teams out to do mobile clinics in the villages, we work with local medical staff where there are any, and we do it ourselves when there aren’t.” He stops for a moment, distracted.
The man turns to look at him, his face serious. “It’s not funny. There was an Inuit hunter killed by a polar bear just last month. I really wasn’t planning on going outside with just my slippers on, but I couldn’t let an idiot tourist get eaten right in front of my house.” He shivers, picking up the plaid flannel shirt hanging over the back of the easy chair and shrugging it on.
All the rest is work related: a reminder to submit time sheets, a reminder to renew his first aid training, an alert about increased militant activity in the north of the country. Violence has been reported close to the lease blocks that Exxon holds up in the northeast near Chad's border with Libya and Sudan. Boko Haram, an Islamist extremist group based in northeast Nigeria, has been expanding operations, moving into northern Cameroon, Niger, and Chad. Though they mostly operate in the southwest of the country, around Lake Chad, there have been reports of raids coming south out of Libya in the northeast prefectures. Seven schoolgirls have been kidnapped in the past few months, two just the week before, and the army is on high alert.
Cas holds the headboard steady while Dean works at attaching it to the frame. Getting the small hex wrench into the holes to tighten the nuts is tricky. He drops the nut for the third time and swears.
Dean remembers this. He hadn’t lost Cas to death that time, but to Lucifer. And knowing that Lucifer was possessing Cas, and that Cas had said yes, hurt almost as badly. He had been numb and hopeless. Bobby, or Charlie, or whoever sent them -- Chuck probably -- sure wanted to make Dean hurt.
of squirrels. There are squirrels on the counter. There are squirrels rooting around in the open pantry. One drags the bag of bread across the counter from where Cas had left it next to the toaster. And in the middle of the kitchen floor, one squirrel (
. “Sometimes we get new doctors rotating into camp to learn the ropes. No one’s here right now, so it’s yours for a few days.” Cas opens the door and and Dean follows him inside. The furnishings are pretty basic; a twin-size bed with a thin mattress, a pillow and rolled up sleeping bag on top, a desk and chair, a desk lamp, a low chest of drawers. Dean puts his bags down on the bed.
“Oh, no way,” Dean says, pulling Cas close and pulling the comforter up over them both, “it’s still much too dangerous out there.” He tries to keep a straight face and fails. “I really can’t let you leave until morning.” Cas’s eyes are heavy, and he kisses Dean lightly in response, and that’s the last thing he remembers before sleep claims him.
Fifteen minutes ago. Fifteen. Minutes. Cas thinks back. Fifteen minutes ago was right about the time that Michael first came into his office. Before the argument. When he ambushed Cas with that kiss.
That’s the crux of the matter, really. He can finally admit it to himself. He has been waiting, for so long. And he does know what for. For Cas to make the first move, because he’s been scared to put a name to what he feels for Cas. Why? Is he scared that Cas doesn’t feel the same way?
“And how are you feeling about it now?” Dean’s voice is still light, staying far far away from serious, but no less sincere for it. “Are you still scared?”
Michael you were kissing, wasn’t it?” He sits down in the easy chair across from the couch, crosses his arms, and then waits for Cas to fill the silence.
What is he even doing? He doesn’t know this man. All he knows is that he’s beautiful and sexy and nothing at all like Michael.
“I think you know the answer to that,” Cas says, his eyes dark. Dean’s not ready to let him off the hook yet. And there’s more he needs to know.
She sits back down. The crowd is eclectic, maybe fifty people, some dressed casually, others to the nines in sparkles and satin, and a hum of conversation resumes.
Jo leans forward and pats his shoulder. “Dean lives over on Thompson. I don’t know the number, but it’s the green house with the brown roof. A couple houses before James Avenue.”
“So, what, you’ve come to say goodbye?” His voice is strained and harsh. Cas looks puzzled and then alarmed. Words tumble out in a rush.
While she’s distracted by Cas, he manages to stand. His wounds are superficial, but even if they weren’t, he doesn’t have time to worry about them right now. Cas’s diversion is working. The shojo is advancing on him. Dean looks around for the sword.
He gets out of the buggy when they reach their destination and photographs the aurora, but the magic seems dimmed this time. His inner turmoil is taking away from his ability to appreciate the light show. And when he’s back in his bed, it’s not the northern lights he’s thinking of, but Dean.
“Can you at least take off the cuffs?” he asks the man, first in English and then in French, but the man ignores him and leaves the tent, only to return in a few minutes with a canteen of water.  Dean could really, really use a beer, but he’s heartened by the thought that if they’re making sure he has water, they’re probably not going to shoot him. He can hear the man outside the tent and soon smells a cigarette burning.
Dean and Cas wait until they’re out of sight before heading back themselves. It’s hard to see now, the sun is below the horizon, and the snow looks indigo in the twilight. They make towards the lights of the spa.
“Maybe if I tie you to the bed, you can’t run away again,” Cas says, pressing Dean back against the mattress.
A short time later, Cas stops the jeep in the lee of a rock wall. “We walk from here.” he says. They get out of the jeep and Cas grabs a canteen and foil-wrapped packages out of the cooler and puts it all in his backpack.  “Come on, we’re burning daylight.”
At that point, Dean had decided that the ninja squirrel needed to go. Permanently. Hence the automatic. And now Cas is mad at him. He was only trying to help. It really isn’t fair. Dean stomps into the kitchen and grabs the bottle of Jack from behind the spice rack. It’s halfway through the afternoon and he has nothing better to do than to go and drink in his room and pout.
Gabe and Benny show up around noon. Dean and Cas are sitting in the shade of the first row of rock pillars when they see the car in the distance. Cas makes them retreat back into the maze until he can see that it’s Gabe for sure and not their pursuers from the night before. As the Land Rover gets closer, they can hear the sounds of Supertramp rolling across the desert.
“He kissed me and I told him I wasn’t interested. I pushed him away! But Dean must have come back and seen that, misinterpreted it.” Cas runs a hand through his hair, getting more distraught by the minute. “I have got to start closing my office door,” he says, as though that were the issue.
Maybe he shouldn’t have acted so suddenly, but he finds it hard to regret it when Dean wraps his arms around his back, drawing Cas down flush against him. Cas decides he’s never letting go. His body is on fire as Dean presses his lips harder against his, a quiet groan vibrating deep in his throat. The sound sends a jolt through Cas’s entire frame, and the strong arms around him tighten as he shudders.
“And we’re gonna go over there in robes and flip-flops? Do we even know where the disappearances happened?”
Sam leans forward and lowers his voice. “I was able to get into the server at the ME’s office in Portland and look at the crime scene photos. Those wounds were definitely not from a cougar. The only explanation I can see is that the shojo is rogue and not acting on anyone’s direction, just angry that her bottle was removed from Japan.”
Cas makes the introductions. “Dean, you’ve already met my brother. This is Meg Masters, also a doctor from the States, and Dr. Peter Kiyonga, from Kenya. This is Dean Winchester, from Kansas.”
July comes and goes without anything from Cas, and the bunker is welcome respite from the heat. The high drone of cicadas and unrelenting sun are the common denominators in the hunts Dean and Sam go on across the midwest. Two vengeful spirits and a small pack of ghouls are dispatched with relative ease in North Dakota and Iowa.
There’s a knock at the door, and Gabe’s voice comes through loud and clear, “I hope you boys are having fun. I’m just gonna leave some condoms out here for ya. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
That’s Cas’s equation, she’s sure of it.) She can't see Cas's face, but she can see Dean's. He smiles at Cas. It’s warm and lazy and predatory.
“The field has security. And I have babysitters to get me up there.” Dean waits for Cas to follow him out of the room.
Dean gets back to the guest tent to find Cas already there. He’s pacing around, agitated, and when he sees Dean, his whole body seems to relax.
“Cas,” he whispers, making it a question. Cas turns lazily towards him, pupils dwarfing the blue of his eyes. “Cas, what’s going on? Is that your grace?” Dean can feel his body tingling. Cas is staring into his eyes now, a look on his face that’s frankly hungry. Dean realizes the other couples aren’t talking anymore, because they’re busy making out. There’s a plastic wine goblet bobbing around in the water next to the married couple as they kiss passionately. The first-date couple look like they’re in danger of drowning as they grapple in the water, one guy pushing the other against the wall of the pool to kiss him hard. The blue glow has spread across the whole pool.
“They looked like they were already pretty into each other. I think your dryad grace just nudged things along a little faster.”
“OK, showtime,” Dean says, easing off the tall stool. “Cas, you take a stroll through the lobby and the kitchen, I’m gonna check the dining room and gallery and then catch up with you.”
. The man Dean saw standing in the back of the the pickup truck jumps down and walks towards the MSF staff.
“I mean that I care about you.” Dean stops. The world does not implode. In fact, the night continues on around them. A night bird calls, a cloud drifts across the moon. Huh. OK. He continues. “I mean that I have feelings for you that are not friend feelings. I’ve felt them for a long time. I like being with you. I feel better when you’re around, I miss you when you’re gone.”
Dean pouts, but doesn’t disagree. After Cas is finished, he grabs a towel and his shaving kit from his duffle and walks stiffly to the door. Cas follows.
“Hi, Charlie,” he says, when it becomes obvious that he’s not going to be able to avoid her in the small lobby.
“Just a minute,” someone answers from behind a barrier of filing cabinets. A moment later a short blond man comes into view balancing an open laptop on a small pile of binders. “Can I help you?”
Sam gathers up his hair again and drapes it over his arm. “Cas, can you give me a hand cutting this off?”
“OK, let’s go. There are better places to hang out than in here," Cas says, and steers Dean back outside.
“We’ll get right on that.” Gabe says, insincerity shining through the words. Naomi, message delivered, sighs and pats Cas on the cheek, throws a look at Gabe, then moves back towards the crowd, a force of nature in a black silk gown.
“One of you bastards shot me yesterday,“ Dean says, with as insouciant a grin as he can manage, “but it’s just a scratch.” Dean knows he should shut up at this point, but smart decisions don’t seem to be at a premium tonight, so he keeps going. “It’s a poor soldier indeed who shoots at an unarmed man running away from him and only grazes him.” Gabe closes his eyes and shakes his head. Benny, standing next to him, smiles despite himself, and tries to hide it.
Victor rolls his eyes and continues.  “He’s a local warlord, from the Toubou tribe — went to school in England. He came back after and took up with a splinter group of the Boko Haram. He and his crew have been raiding for a couple of years now. They come in riding Land Cruisers armed with assault rifles and grenade launchers. They steal anything useful. Lately they’ve been kidnapping too; school girls, like down in Kenya, brides for the ‘soldiers’ and foreigners for ransom. He’s more about the money than the ideology.”
“Worst first date ever.” Dean mumbles, and as he drifts off he thinks he feels lips brushing his forehead.
“Dude, I’m sorry. It was my fault. I crashed the reception because I wanted another drink, and when you called me by name, I couldn’t resist pretending to be Jessica’s Gabe. Cassie was trying to get me to leave, but I put him on the spot and he had to play along. And I was having fun. I didn’t want to leave. You throw a hell of a party.” Gabe may be apologising, but he doesn’t have the grace to look ashamed. “I’ll wait out in the lobby.” He sketches a salute with two fingers and then slides past them and heads out of the hall. Dean turns back to Cas.
The fear and adrenaline of the day are a fading memory now. He’s alive. He’s safe and warm and making out with the most attractive man he’s seen in a long time. Dean groans and slides his hands farther up under Cas’s shirt.
“The only man you’ve mentioned in the past few months is the guy who saved you from a freaking bear. That’s got to make him memorable, right? And yet you go out of your way not to give any details about what happened that night other than ‘ha ha I spent New Year’s Eve getting chased by a polar bear and had to hang out with the guy who rescued me for a few hours’. That’s not suspicious at all.”
Cas drives slowly out of Fada as the road is occupied by villagers walking solo or in pairs or leading donkeys. A few miles outside of town, Cas consults the compass on the dash of the jeep and cross checks it with a GPS unit that's suction-cupped to the windshield. They head southeast off the road onto a faint track. The sun is just peeking over the horizon, changing the colour of the sandy soil from grey to pale rose.
Cas leads Dean down a path between tents, pointing out the clinic tents and kitchen facilities. They reach one at the end of a row distinguished by a sign over the door that says
“Yes please,” Cas says. He sits down on one end of the plaid couch. The adrenaline is leaving now and he’s shaking despite the warm room. Dean returns from the kitchen carrying a whiskey bottle, a couple of shot glasses, and a bottle of beer, which he hands to Cas. Cas feels the need to explain himself. He’s still a bit weak with relief at being indoors and safe, and that starts him rambling.
“Medically? Yes. They’re in good physical shape. No one’s abused them, if that’s what you’re thinking. Mentally? No. They’re scared and they want to go home. At least they have each other for company.”
Cas practically sprints back into the hall. Gabe’s not standing at the bar. Of course he isn’t. Cas looks around to find that Gabe’s on the dance floor with the blonde girl who’d slapped Dean’s arm earlier. Great. What is he going to do now?
The guide announces that that’s probably it for the lights tonight, and the buggy is heading back to town. They should all be back home before the clock strikes midnight and the ball drops. Conversations start up again as everyone can’t help but talk about how beautiful the lights were. Cas sits quietly next to Charlie and Dorothy and replays the dance of the aurora in his mind. Making this trip was the right decision.
Inside his room, he sits Cas on his bed and hands him a couple of Tylenol and a bottle of water. Dean pours some water from the pitcher on the dresser into the porcelain basin, and wets a cloth. He helps Cas wipe the blood off his face and out of his hair. There’s a bruise forming on his ribs and a pretty impressive bump on the back of his head.
“Sam told me that it's a rite of passage for everyone over the age of eighteen to put together  IKEA furniture from scratch. And I'm going to do this right, which means following the instructions.”
Dean’s hunting. He’s crouched behind a large oak, motionless for close to twenty minutes now, waiting for his quarry to get close enough.
“Her muffins aren’t that bad, really,” she says. He lifts an eyebrow at that. “I ate the blueberries out of it first, and the birds don’t mind that the rest is kind of dry.”
“I bet it’s safe for me to be going now, they’ve probably chased the bear out of town.” Cas’s voice makes it a question.
Very comfortable in her seat in first class, Rowena holds out her champagne glass for the flight attendant to refill. The last few days have gone exceedingly well. She’s enjoyed spending time with the boys over Christmas (it still surprises her how fond she is of them), and if she made a few tiny changes to the intoxication hex bag to also make it a truth-telling hex bag with no one the wiser, then that’s all for the better. It was far past time for Dean to tell Cas the truth about his feelings. There are only so many longing glances a woman can take.
“Cas,” Dean cradles his face in his hands. “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time, way before we ran into Little Ms. Acorn. Her blessing just kinda broke the ice.”
The cool night air revives Dean and he shakes Cas’s hand off his arm to walk unaided. Back at the guest tent, Cas makes Dean sit and drink some water. When he’s done, Dean stretches out on the bed on his side so Cas can remove the plastic bag from over the bandage. Cas drags the chair over next to the bed and turns on the small lamp.
There’s no way Cas is going to admit he’s sad that Dean’s married, he’s only just set eyes on him. Cas turns on Gabe and hisses, “
Dean hitches himself backwards to sit with his back against the wall of the depression. “We need help. No one knows we’re in trouble.” He straightens up suddenly. “Cas, there’s a sat phone in my backpack. I left it in the jeep, it’s shoved under my seat. We can call for help.”
“Jeez, I’m sure I was a lot more pleasant the morning after the last time we slept together.” Cas stops grinning when he notices the pain evident on Dean’s face. He hands Dean another Vicodin from the big first aid kit along with the canteen to wash them down. “There are some granola bars and dates in my backpack if you’re hungry, but the cooler that had the rest of the food in it got stolen along with the gas and water.”
Dean nods. Cas stands listening for a moment, and then says “Go!” They’re off and running when a voice yells from behind them. More gunshots ring out, the bullets travelling harmlessly past them. They make the opening of the passageway get a few feet in, and Dean is just about to collapse with relief when something punches him hard in the back of his left thigh, and he pitches forward, sprawling face-first in the sand.
Dean is feeling the beer. They’ve eaten some bread and cheese while they’ve been drinking, but not enough to stop the buzz that Dean’s got going. Peter and Meg are arguing good-naturedly about which village they were in when a goat ate Peter’s paperback copy of
By the time Cas gets across the lobby, held up briefly by a lady with two miniature schnauzers and a giant rolling suitcase cutting across his path, Gabe is nowhere to be seen. Cas sighs and heads into the room. No one takes any notice of him, his suit makes him blend right in with the wedding guests. He stands at the door, looking around.
Dean turns to her “Okay Jo. Okay. Stop. I get it. Really.” He takes a deep breath. “Say it’s true. Say I do love him. How do I know he feels the same way? How can I take the chance, tell him? I mean, if he just feels protective of me, or thinks we’re buddies or whatever, what then?
Someone bumps against him as they brush past in the narrow aisle of the ministore, jolting him out of his reverie.
All Dean was trying to do was make the little wooden house a safe place for the cardinals and chickadees and other nameless puffy little birds to come and eat. The bird feeder is the winter version of Cas’s beehives. In the summer he’ll sit for hours watching the bees leaving to go collect nectar and watching them shoot back into the hive, as neatly as bullets. In the winter, Cas bundles up in a parka, hat, and mitts and sits in the lawn chair that stays outside the back door of the bunker year-round to watch the birds at the feeder. All Dean wants is to make things good for Cas. He can’t scrape up the nerve to tell Cas how he feels, but he can show him. He can give Cas the things he likes, things like his beehives and his bird feeder.
Cas refills his mug as the shower starts up. He stretches and sits down on the couch that was the starting point for last night’s activities. And that starts him thinking, which turns out to be a really, really bad idea.
Dean grins. “I wasn’t sure either. But Kébir is out of bounds for a few days, so I decided to take  you up on your offer. You’re my Plan B.”
The walk back to his bedroom is difficult. Dean has to stop a couple of times along the bunker’s corridor, swaying against the wall, his outflung arm catching him before he can fall. Whoa, the eggnog was a lot stronger than he thought. He’d only had, what, four? Five at the most. Okay, six if you were gonna be all accurate about it and count the tasting to make sure the bourbon to dairy ratio was correct. Six eggnogs while decorating the tree with Sam and Cas.
Dragging Gabe with him, Cas opens the door to the hall. Dean is standing there, leaning against the wall, arms crossed in front of him. Cas can’t read his expression.
He doesn’t stop thinking about Dean, though. His nights are still hard, sleep elusive, and he’s haunted by the sense memories of holding Dean in his arms, but his days are easier as he disciplines himself to pay attention to his work, his friends, his cat.
Dr. Castiel Novak leans forward in his office chair and clicks the play button on the YouTube video for the fourth time. The dance of feathery lights in the night sky, the dip and sway of green aurora against velvet blackness, is mesmerizing. He sighs. He wants to see them in person, before he moves back to Kansas. He’s got, what, four more months here to make it happen? But it’s so far. And he’s busy. And he doesn’t want to go alone, it had always been the plan to see the lights with… Well, it’s just not going to happen, that’s all there is to it.
It sounds far-fetched to Dean. Things like that don’t happen in his world. But this isn’t his world. They all fall silent for a bit, and then Félix wishes them a good night and goes in, followed by Youssef. Victor turns to go into the auberge, but stops and waits for Dean.
Cas’s hand is warm on Dean’s thigh, holding the skin taut so he can peel the surgical tape from his skin. His eyes are intent on what he’s doing and looking at his profile is doing things to Dean. He feels the familiar needy warmth of arousal. He sits up, towel slipping away, as Cas pulls the last of the tape off.
Gabe looks up as he approaches. “Ah, there you are,” Gabe beams at him in single-malt bonhomie and pulls him close in a side hug before handing him a glass of red wine that’s sitting on the bar. “I was just congratulating Dean here. The wedding was beautiful, and the reception….Man, so perfect.”
Dean picks up his book, but puts it down again almost immediately. His concentration is shot. Instead of words on the page, all he can picture is blue eyes. All he can hear is the scorn in that deep voice telling him, in essence, to fuck off.
“Dean, I need you to stay calm. You've been shot. We can't stay here, they're still coming after us. We’re going to have to move. As soon as we get deeper in the rocks, I’ll look at it, I promise.” He pulls Dean to his feet and half carries, half drags him deeper into the shelter of the columns. Dean’s not much help. He’s getting light-headed and his left leg is dragging and not carrying much weight. He’s still struggling to comprehend the fact that he’s been shot. He can feel something wet running down his leg, and distantly he wonders if he’s going to bleed to death. He’s concentrating hard on not making Cas support all his weight and that proves distracting enough.
to meet you.” There’s a wealth of meaning in those few words. Cas knows he’s in for the third degree when she gets him alone, but she’s smiling with genuine friendliness at Dean. She makes her excuses and heads back to her office.
But Christina’s seen Dean’s face. There’s no power in the universe that could make her third-wheel these two.
“I need to talk to some people at the prefecture tomorrow morning before we head out.” Victor says. “I want to get the latest news on what the activity is in the area before we go out to the lease block.”
,” Dean’s brain helpfully supplies. Trench Coat is on his feet now, voice raised. It’s getting ugly in the booth. Dean looks for Albert, but he’s not behind the bar. He sighs and puts down his book before standing and walking towards the booth.
Dean looks up from where he was peeling the label of his own beer. “I thought it was something like that. Doesn’t mean it didn’t hurt though, when I came out of the shower and found your note.” His voice is serious now.
Cas calls in sick the next day, unable to face the rowdy class of first-years or the complaints of Claire and the other grad students. He turns his phone off and mopes around the apartment in sweats, mostly ignoring the tv he has on for background noise, and feeding Spock more treats than are good for her. It’s suppertime when he hears the pounding on his apartment door. He looks through the peephole and it’s Meg, carrying a white plastic bag of take out and a bottle of wine. He opens the door without a word and moves out the way to let her in. She’s already talking.
. Victor drives skilfully, keeping to the bottom of the valleys and threading his way among the dunes. Dean wonders how he knows which way to go, but Victor doesn’t seem worried. He passes the time telling Dean about the different types of sand in the Sahara.
Dean laughs a little bitterly, “I don’t know what I expected. I just enjoyed your company the night before and I thought you did too. I wanted to get to know you better. That, uh,” he looks down, “that didn’t just feel like a one-night stand. I was really happy the next morning, thinking about spending the day with you. Taking you for breakfast, maybe out snowmobiling. And then I came out of the shower and you were gone.”
It starts one Tuesday in early February when they’re at lunch together in one of their favourite spots, an old-fashioned basement-level Greek diner on Carleton Street. They’d opened the door in relief, glad to be out of the blowing snow, and stepped down into the warm comforting atmosphere of the restaurant, the smells of bacon and souvlaki thick in the air.
Charlie drops the dramatic reading voice, sarcasm dripping from her tone. “Sure Jan. Just friends.” She rolls her eyes. “You two stare at each other way more than any
The room is half full, probably about twenty men and a few women sitting at the low tables that are scattered around the floor. There’s an empty table near what looks like a bar at the back of the room so they sit down. Youssef orders food in swift Arabic and Dean heads to the bar to order beer for the table. He stops for a moment to get his wallet out of his pocket, and when he looks up, there’s someone standing between him and the bar. A dark-haired someone. A strangely familiar dark-haired someone.
Cas was sure that moving to Toronto would make things better. He’d break out of old routines and he’d get over the hurt and confusion of losing Michael and learn to live happily by himself.
And there it is, an opening, the chance to tell Cas the thing he’s been nurturing in secret for longer than he cares to admit. Ugh. He
They move through the maze of rock columns — randomly — Dean thinks at first, but soon he realizes Cas is moving steadily to their left. Dean had looked at the compass in the jeep before getting out, and the labyrinth was pretty well due north of the car. So they’re threading their way through the rocks towards the northwest. After ten minutes or so, Cas stops and unzips his backpack. He pulls out a handgun, checks the safety, and puts it in a pocket of his cargo shorts.
“Jesus,” Dean says brokenly and Cas can’t wait a moment more to take him into his mouth. He gets his lips wrapped around the tip and slides down maddeningly slowly until the head of Dean’s cock is nudging at the back of his throat. He works the rest with his hand, stroking firmly in time with the motion of his head as he begins to suck. Dean’s hands find Cas’s hair and Cas revels in the feeling of fingers carding through his hair, and tightening as Dean struggles to stay still under Cas’s ministrations. Even though the focus is on Dean and his pleasure, Cas finds himself savoring the experience, almost surprised when Dean chokes out a warning. Cas takes in as much as he can and Dean arches up off the bed, spilling down his throat, before dropping bonelessly back down.
“Come on, we better go release the real squirrel,” Sam says. Back in the library, he takes the heavy book off the colander, and the squirrel, feeling the pull of the spell, runs out of the library, heading for the bunker door. They follow him and watch as he bounds into the woods.
“How long are you gonna hold Meg and me for? Have you even contacted anyone about a ransom?” Dean gets right up in Mashaya’s face. The four men playing cards over by the vehicles get to their feet.
“But we’re supposed to wait 24 hours for the mattress to regain its shape,” Cas points out.  Dean leers at Cas and waggles his eyebrows for good measure.
Pausing inside the door of the bar, Dean lets his eyes adjust to the gloom. A long, scarred wooden bar stretches the length of the back wall, tables and chairs scattered in front of it.  Booths, separated by intricately carved wooden screens run along the left wall. A few lamps hang from the ceiling between the mandatory Casablanca-esque fans stirring the coolish air. The bartender stands behind the bar reading a newspaper, his white
The next few weeks are busy, and Cas takes every opportunity to bury himself in his workload. Midterm exams are coming, and he’s been invited to give a presentation on the 3D ore modelling he’s been working on at the annual Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada. The PDAC is one of the largest and most prestigious mining conferences and draws participants and visitors from all over the world. The university, namely Zachariah, is excited about this and his incessant advice and nonstop emails keep Cas busy and his thoughts away from Dean during working hours.
They’re settled in a booth in the far corner of the diner before she makes her first move, Meg eating a chicken parm sandwich and Cas working on a classic breakfast because he figures if you
Huh. He hasn’t thought about that night in forever. Maybe he’s felt this way about Cas for longer than he’s realized. He’s always shied away from the warm glow that he feels in his chest whenever Cas is near. He’s never wanted to examine it closely, to think about what it means. Maybe he’s felt something for Cas for months (for years even, if he’s honest with himself.)
Dean hands him a paper towel while trying not to laugh. “The first time I came to Churchill, it was a couple of summers ago and I was camping out south of town. A friend of mine, Benny, was up visiting and came with me.” Dean stops speaking and smiles at the memory. “I think it was the first time he’d been out of Louisiana, and watching him cope with the blackflies and deer flies was pretty funny. They weren’t really even that bad, but Benny had one of those hats with netting on it that you tie around your neck to keep the flies out of your face. Kind of like a beekeeper’s hat, but even that wasn’t good enough for him. He soaked the hat and the netting with bug spray.” Dean smiles at the memory and takes another sip of coffee. “The thing is, he got so used to wearing it that after a while he didn’t even see the netting anymore. We were sitting around after lunch, and he poured himself a mug of coffee we’d made on the fire. And before I could say anything, he took a big swig of coffee.
“DEAN! What are you doing? Stop!” Cas’s voice bursts into his cone of concentration and Dean jerks the gun to the side, finger sliding off the trigger.
” He gestured at the snowbanks surrounding the parking lot. “It’s gotta be like ten degrees out there.”
He hears Cas stand up and move across the room. The curtain is swept back and Cas bites back a curse.
Cas freezes. The voice is instantly recognizable, the tone warm and silky, the cadence as familiar as his own name.
Dean has a nanosecond to wonder what his face looks like as Cas’s eyes widen. But then his mouth is full of lava and his eyes are full of tears and he feels like the room is suddenly 500 degrees Fahrenheit. Cas hands him a napkin as he splutters, and pushes a glass of water within reach.
starts up and he settles back with his coffee, smirking to himself, feet up on the dash. Cas looks over and smiles at him.
“He’s a doctor. He doesn’t have anything to do with them,” Dean says, defensive for some reason he can’t put a name to.
That does it. Cas snaps and surges forward, grabbing Dean by the shoulders and pulling him roughly towards him. Dean is caught off guard and doesn’t fight it. Cas pauses a moment, his face a picture of frustration, and then his lips are on Dean’s. Dean freezes for a split second. This not what he expected, but it is what his wildest dreams are made of. And then he relaxes, relishing the feeling of Cas’s mouth on his. Cas is kissing him hungrily, desperately. Dean can only hang on and enjoy the ride. Finally Cas pulls away, breathing heavily.
“You can’t walk that far at the moment. I’m sorry. I’m going to have to leave you and go back for the jeep, bring it around closer. And then help you out to it.” He takes the canteen out of his backpack and hands it to Dean. “It’s probably going to take me at least forty minutes to get back to the jeep and then back here. I’ll leave the flashlight with you. Wait half an hour and then turn it on so I can find my way back.” Cas leans over and squeezes Dean’s shoulder and then he’s gone, out of sight around the pillars.
Gabe smiles like he’s about to tell the best joke he’s heard in weeks. “Oh this is good. Jessica is the bride. Dean is under the impression that we,” Gabe waves a finger back and forth between them, “are Jessica’s cousin, who, coincidentally is also called Gabe, and his husband Lucas. From Portland. They own a bakery.”
Abéché is one of the few places in Chad with internet coverage, so he has the luxury of personal email along with the work-related stuff. He scrolls through his inbox. An email from his brother Sam, with photos attached of him and his wife Eileen with their four-year-old daughter, Alex. Dean smiles, she’s gotten bigger and cuter.
“I don’t want you to kill the squirrel, Dean. When I asked if you could stop him raiding the feeder, I didn’t mean for you to use lethal methods.” Cas is pissed. He turns his back on Dean’s apologies and goes back to watching the birds.
After waiting for his baggage to show up on the airport’s lone carousel, he climbs tiredly into a cab waiting outside and gives the address of his rental house. It’s been a long day. It isn’t until he’s finally relaxing with beer and a sandwich from the groceries in the fridge that had been thoughtfully supplied by his host, that Cas realizes he hasn’t thought of Michael since the Winnipeg airport.
A thousand emotions are swirling around inside him. He wants to be aloof, to school his features to indifference, to say ‘So, you’re back. Sticking around this time?’ He wants to hurt Cas, to punish him for making Dean miserable. He wants to grab Cas and hold him close. He wants to kiss him. He wants too many things all at the same time, and so he does nothing. He stands there and lets Cas make the next move.
Dean stands there bemusedly as Cas carefully fits them over his hands. He looks up at Dean, snowflakes caught on eyelashes over endlessly deep blue eyes. Dean is drowning in them.
Dean trails disconsolately back to his room. He’s miserable — lying on his bed listening to Clapton when there’s a knock at his door. He looks up to see Cas in the doorway.
“Perhaps,” he says, his head tilted slightly. (Birdlike, she thinks, but not a songbird. A hawk, an eagle, a raptor.)
“Here.” He hands Cas one of the mugs. “Cream’s in the fridge. I hope you don’t take sugar, because I’m out.”
The moon is out. Filtering through the leaves along the forest path, it makes the shojo seem even more unsubstantial. Ahead, Cas stumbles and bites off a curse. Dean is pretty sure he’s acting. Cas is inebriated, but shouldn’t be that drunk. He needs to be able to keep the shojo busy so that Dean can attack while she’s distracted. A thread of worry winds its way around Dean's stomach and he picks up the pace. He can’t let anything happen to Cas.
Cas stops suddenly and pulls away, listening intently. Dean reaches for him again and tries to pull him back into a kiss.
So Dean worried, and made plans. He practiced with Cas in the bunker’s gun range, sparred with him in the bunker’s gym. Brought Cas with them on hunts. In late January, they’d gone down to Louisiana after a nest of vamps that had been preying on people at a crossroads bar in Plaquemines Parish. Cas had killed two himself, and Dean had hoped it would help lift him out of his funk, help him feel useful.
Cas chats with the two women seated closest to him. They introduce themselves as Charlie and Dorothy. They’ve flown up from Chicago to come see the bears and the northern lights. They’re funny and gregarious, and Cas thinks Meg would probably get along with Dorothy, the snarkier of the two.
"You look like the cute one," Cas says and leans into the car to hand Dean a dented metal travel cup. The scent of coffee that steams up at him is pure nirvana. He hides his blush by busying himself with drinking it while Cas swings himself into the driver’s seat.
“Well,” Dean says, pushing Cas up against the car and kissing him, “maybe I do believe in luck a little.”
“Yep,” he grins and pulls a pair of aviator shades out of his pocket and puts them on. It’s unfair how attractive they make him look. “It’s the least I can do to say thanks for last night. I know some pretty amazing places. I’m going to be at the clinic for awhile this morning, seeing as I didn’t make it back to Fada last night, I have some paperwork I might as well get done before I head back. If you find out before noon that you’re not going out to the oilfield, and you want to see some of the desert, come find me at the clinic. It’s on the main square, just past Chez Elyse.”
“‘I need you,’” Jo says, her wings fluttering a bit. “‘I’m not leaving here without you.’ Jesus, Dean, you sure do dance around saying what you really mean.”
“Yeah, we doctors get to make our own.” Cas grins and then carefully places the needle into the skin next to the wound and injects some of the fluid. He removes it and inserts it in the skin further along the wound until the whole area feels numb. He grabs a bottle of betadine and washes the wound out. Because he can’t feel anything, Dean’s able to watch this pretty clinically. Cas covers the wound with a pad of fresh gauze and then reaches into Dean’s backpack to bring out a roll of duct tape.
The Greek god, Dean, is looking at him now, an easy smile on his face. Gabe gestures with an eyebrow in Cas’s peripheral vision. Okay, it’s clearly Cas’s turn to say something. Cas’s mouth dries right up, and he takes a hasty gulp of his wine before saying, “Yes, it’s been great.” Cool. Not a really a lie. By the level of laughter in the reception hall, it’s been great. So far, so good.
). Like a fire is consuming him from the inside out, stealing the air from his lungs when he looks at Cas. That’s it. That’s the feeling he’s had since Cas has been back at the bunker. The feeling he’s been ignoring and repressing and running away from at top speed. Like he always does.
Cas fishes another wonton out of his bowl and leans across the table to pop it into Dean’s mouth. He’s only a little surprised Dean lets him.
“Oh God no. He’s my older brother.” Dean smiles at the distaste in Cas’s voice, and then seems to remember this isn’t a smiling situation. Cas hurriedly adds, “If it’s any consolation, I thought you were the groom.”
“I want to see the doctor,” he says in French to the man. The man doesn’t respond, and blocks the doorway with his rifle. Meg must have heard him, and she comes out, pushing the flap and the man’s rifle out of the way with her arm.
After a while, Cas rummages in the backpack and brings out a tiny Coleman burner, which he lights. He puts a pot on the burner and fills it from the canteen. When the water boils he makes tea and hands a tin cup of it to Dean along with a sandwich of some kind of meat rolled in flatbread. Dean looks around at the many animals standing in the pools and hopes it’s not camel.
. Pushing his hand through his hair, Dean firmly puts those thoughts out of his head, along with his misgivings of the night before. It was just the beer talking. Cas is a doctor for fuck’s sake; he had lots of reasons to be talking to that young girl; he doesn’t owe Dean any explanations. And he’s Dean’s tour guide today, so Dean is going to forget about it and enjoy himself.
“Nah, I think those are fireworks.” Dean pulls him down again and says, “think we’re working on some fireworks of our own.”
“Less shining armor, and more plaid flannel and bluejeans,” he says, trying for flippant. Trying not to get distracted by memories so sharp he can feel them, even after nearly two months.
Dean can’t tell if that last one is a joke, but he sees the hint of a smile at the corners of Cas’s mouth. The tight,
It suddenly gets awkward. Neither of them are speaking, Cas hazards another swig from his bottle and sighs. “I’m sorry about how I acted. I’m sorry I ran away. It wasn’t anything you did. I was getting over Michael, a long-term relationship, and you were the first person I had...got close to since we broke up. I didn’t know how to handle that so I panicked and I ran. Like a coward.”
“Coming, Mrs. Winchester,” he hollers back. “If you’ll excuse me, I’m needed on the dance floor.” He smiles at Cas and heads across the room.
“Tasha. Poor girl. He probably propositioned her in that smarmy yet plausibly deniable way of his and snapped when she turned him down. I warned her about him.”
“Yeah, I get that. Is being rude to people in bars all over Chad a hobby for you?” Dean removes some money from his wallet, which he stuffs back in his pocket.
Cas tries again, for clarification. “You think that I don’t want to be here.” It’s not phrased as a question.
All too soon it’s his turn. The presentation goes well, no technical issues with the computer that’s hooked up to the projector, and it’s well received, several people asking questions in the short Q&A that he gets as part of his presentation time. He walks out onto the concourse, still chatting with Claire, who’d made it to the presentation room in time to see him speak, and a mining company geologist from Kirkland Lake called Vicki. She’s asking what he thought about Sirelda’s 2017 paper, but Cas has stopped hearing her voice or even seeing her. The busy concourse with its milling crowds has faded away to become a silent, shadowy background for only one person.
Green light plays across Dean’s face, shifting and shimmering over his features. Cas is lying beside him leaning on an elbow and running his fingers through Dean’s hair. He looks up. Through the space between the curtains, he can see the aurora, the emerald ribbons unfurling across the sky to the northeast, over Hudson Bay, its light bright enough to suffuse the room. He sits up abruptly, drawing in a reverent breath.
“It is. It kills a lot of kids.” Cas puts his hand up to the back of his head and hisses in pain. “I’m pretty sure I’ve got a concussion. I can’t drive back to Fada tonight. I need someplace to stay until I’m sure I’m okay and the symptoms go away. I’d tell you to fuck off but I kind of need your help this time.”
“I just need to make sure you’re not going to fall over, then you’re all on your own. Scout’s honor.”
Dean turns and looks out at the camp. None of the insurgents are aware of anything going on. There’s a guard posted near the vehicles, but his attention is on four others sitting on the ground playing cards. Dean turns on the bench so he’s facing the notch. Cas moves from the shelter of the rock wall and meets Dean’s eyes.
“Sure it is. I talked myself into believing that I could care enough for the both of us. You did me a favor when you left. I was too stupid to realize it at the time. Tell me, were you seeing someone else?”
Just before sunset, Dean sees a flash of movement south of the notch. It’s hard to see, as the rays of the sun sitting just above the horizon are creating a lot of shadow. Dean sits up slowly and stretches, hiding his interest as much as possible.
Cas takes one last look at the bandage and raises his eyes to meet Dean’s. His eyes go dark at the lust he sees in Dean’s, and he leans forward to kiss him, lightly at first and then with increasing hunger. Dean lets himself be pushed back on the bed. He’s drowning in sensation. Cas’s lips on his, Cas’s hand on his shoulder, Cas’s thigh pressing painfully against his bandage. In spite of himself, Dean whimpers. Cas mumbles an apology and moves his leg.
Cas finds himself sinking into the couch. The heat from the fire and the whiskey blazing its way down Cas’s throat are relaxing him, as is the aftermath of his adrenaline spike.
It’s over. He’s not going to find Dean. He stands, finally, and leaves, and when he gets back to his apartment, he has no memory of how he got there, as sunk in misery as he is.
There’s a feeling of wind, of being buffeted by a cyclone, and suddenly Dean and Kevin are standing in a barn. A familiar barn. There are sigils painted on the walls. Sigils on the ceiling, and all over the concrete floor. And over in the middle of the floor, sitting on a table, playing with the demon knife and looking bored out of his skull, Dean sees himself. Younger — pissier, too if the way he snaps at Bobby, sitting opposite him on another table, is any indication — but definitely him.
Dean stretches and runs his hand through his hair. “Yeah. Well. Not as young as I used to be. I’m not looking forward to getting drunk enough to see the shojo.” He gets up and heads for the coffee maker.
She shuts the book with a snap. “Except we’re kind of on an accelerated schedule here. Expect the first in about twenty minutes, we have to get this done before morning.”
He looks up towards the door, filled with hope or dread, he can’t decide which. This can’t be happening. Not twice in the same day.
“I’m really glad you’re not Boko Haram, Cas. I’m pretty sure that’d be a dealbreaker in a boyfriend.”
“Well, we could head back there, grab a burger and a motel room and go back to the school in the morning,” Dean says as he pulls some bills out of his wallet to leave on the table, and slides out of the booth. They cross to the door, the bell tinkling as they step out into the chill fall night. “Maybe we’ll have better luck this time.”
. Cas makes up his mind. By 4 he has his hands on Dean’s shoulders, by 3 he’s pulling him close, by 2 he’s tilting his head, and as the ball comes to the bottom of its descent, he kisses Dean amidst the shouts of Happy New Year on the television.
Well, he’s not staying in the tent. Maybe there’s something he can do to help Gabe or Meg, or maybe he can get to the admin tent and see if there’s a satellite phone there before Cas takes that one out of play too. Once more, Dean limps out of the the guest quarters and turns towards the hospital tents, and the admin office beyond them. He stops before he gets to the parking area because Mashaya and his armed men still surround the MSF staff, one stands with his back to Dean, blocking the passageway to the parking area.
“Something my mom used to say. Well, according to my dad.” They’d stood there for a moment like that, Cas holding Dean’s hands. Dean wondered why he didn’t want to pull them away, to stuff them in his pockets, to move away from Cas. Why he wanted to pull Cas closer.
It’s a light kiss at first, but Dean leans into it, lips parting and hands reaching up to cup Cas’s face. Cas loses himself in sensation, Dean’s lips moving over his, Dean’s tongue exploring his mouth.
“Short for Castiel. Castiel Novak. Doctor Castiel Novak. I work out of the MSF camp in Fada. It’s southeast of here.”
His brain keeps going though, at full speed. What would it be like? What would it be like to actually bring to life the fantasies he entertains when alone in his room in the bunker or behind the wheel on those long drives to the next monster-killing ground? He feels
He’s looking at her still, focused but smiling, and it occurs to her he’s different now. He used to intimidate her: sarcastic and mean, no kindness in him. She’d only seen him smile once before when it hadn’t seemed spiteful or mocking. She had gone along with Zoe to one of his parties—orgies, whatever—tempted more by the thought of oblivion via pot and Eldritch Horror rather than the sex, but she’d shucked out of her clothes willingly enough, sitting on the floor in her bra and panties, leaning against the couch getting giggly after half a joint, watching with heavy-lidded eyes as the others removed clothing. Watching Cas smile at Alicia, open and affectionate, before kissing her.
Dean grabs his other hand and presses it to his growing erection. He groans when Cas’s hand tightens around his shaft.
“It covers four or five square kilometers. We’ve got plenty of room to avoid them if we’re lucky. Come on, let’s go.”
is pretty apt, Dean thinks. Gabe pulls up in front of them with a brown-haired, bearded man riding shotgun. He kills the engine and the sound of Supertramp comes to a halt.
Dean closes his eyes and wills the headache that’s just started behind his eyes to go away. Cas rips open the first box, pulls out the instruction booklet, and looks at it reverently like he’s just found another angel tablet.
“I was out on an aurora tour tonight, taking pictures. I know that people go out on the ice in the tundra buggies to see the polar bears so I figured the bears stayed out there. In nature. On the ice. Away from town. And that’s why people have to drive out to see them.”
Despite the pain in his leg, fatigue sneaks up on Dean and he slips between dozing and wakefulness. The sun’s below the horizon, and the sky still holds the lavender light of the sunset, but it’s dark down amongst the pillars of the labyrinth. It’s starting to get cold too, and his jacket’s in his backpack in the jeep. He hopes Cas gets back soon.
Staying in the shadows, he makes his way to the edge of the mess tent. Beyond it is a space for parking vehicles and on the other side are the two hospital tents and the supply tent, arranged in a square with one side open. There are vehicles in the parking area. More armed men are loading boxes out of the supply tent and into the back of a Land Cruiser. Dean can see Gabe, his arm curved protectively around Meg, standing with a group of clinic staff. They’re surrounded by the militants with guns trained on them.
Dean’s still dizzy from the kisses. “So what if those German tourists see us necking, it’s not the end of the world.”
Sam looks heavenward. “Because, Dean, having those symbols reversed, it changes the outcome of the spell.” He flips a few pages and then stops and reads for a minute. “In the configuration you drew, it’s not a banishing spell, it’s a fertility spell, you know, like ‘be fruitful and multiply.” A sound of something glass breaking in the kitchen drifts out the door to where they are standing. Sam claps the book shut. “THIS IS WHY WE DON’T CAST SPELLS WHILE DRINKING.”
“My name is Issa.” She keeps her French slow so he can follow. “We don’t have time to speak now. I will talk to you in the morning. Try to sleep, you will need to be alert.” She leaves and Dean tries to do what she says.
He looks up, and time stops. At least it stops for the microsecond it takes Cas to realize it’s Dean who’s standing in front of his chair. He tries to take a breath, breathes in the mouthful of beer instead, and promptly begins to choke and cough the beer all down the front of his shirt.
“I know, Dean, you told me in the car.” Dean’s noticed that Cas gets pissy when he drinks. Pissy. Heh. Pissy when he’s pissed.
“Yeah, sure.” Dean pulls out his earbuds and scoots up to a sitting position, making room for Cas to sit on the bed next to him.
He must have gotten turned around after leaving Charlie and Dorothy’s hotel. Cas thought the Airbnb was down this way. The crunch of snow under his boots is the only sound in the still night, the cold on his face is burning. He walks along another residential street that isn’t his, golden light hemmed in by curtained windows of the houses he passes, looking cozy and warm. Cas wishes he were cozy and warm in his rented house. If only he could find it. There’s no way he can work the GPS on his phone in his heavy gloves (if he even has service here) and it’s way too cold to take them off. He’s sure he’s in the right neighbourhood, Churchill isn’t that big, he’ll just walk a little further and see if anything looks familiar.
Gabe notices Dean’s preoccupation with watching Cas and asks him how long he’s planning on staying in Fada, each word just dripping with innuendo. Dean pretends not to notice the tone and tells him it’s just for a few days, and by the time he looks over at Cas again, he’s alone.
“Clarence! It’s about time! We were in danger of dying from thirst,” Meg says, reaching for the bottles as Cas returns from the bar.
A slow smile breaks over Dean’s face as he turns back to Cas. “Well, I guess I just have one last question about this whole mess.”
“It’s too close to civilization to be a Wendigo,” Cas mused. “And no one has found a lair or any bodies. The timing isn’t right for werewolves.” He stopped the conversation as they crossed over into Ontario from somewhere in upstate New York, the border patrol barely looking at their counterfeit passports before waving them on. Two hours later, they’d crossed from Ontario into Quebec and arrived at the spa. It was midafternoon and snowing slightly.
“Well, quit flourishing,” Dean hisses as the wife’s bikini top floats towards them. “Come on, we gotta get you outta here.” Dean grabs Cas by the hand and pulls him towards the steps of the pool, passing the first-date couple who are busy having a first date to remember, if the churning water is anything to go by. They clamber out of the pool and the cold instantly takes care of the situation that was developing in Dean’s swim trunks, which clears his head. He wraps Cas in his robe and puts his own on quickly. “We’re going to the car.”
“Here.” Dean hands him a steaming mug of something. Tea, it turns out, and Cas sips at it gratefully. Dean is still standing on the other side of the coffee table and Cas finds it difficult to look up at him and meet his eyes.
“Ask me who I was.'' The voice is still there. Dean feels someone patting his leg through the covers. And the room is still fucking cold. He bets that if he opens his eyes he’ll be able to see his breath.
The camp reminds him of reruns of M*A*S*H he’s seen on cable. Dean pushes open the door to the first tent building he comes to. It’s furnished as an office. “Hello?” he calls.
They walked across the parking lot and up a wooden staircase into a wooden building that looked like it might have been misplaced from a fairytale — a woodcutter’s cottage, only larger. They paid for admission and were given plastic bracelets with numbers scrawled on them in marker. The numbers matched lockers and by waving them in front of the locker, the door opened  to reveal long white terrycloth robes, two towels, and a water bottle.
The flight to Churchill is a bumpy one. More than once Cas thinks about the man a few rows ahead and hopes that he’s not too stressed. He spends the time working on his laptop, and composing an answer an email from his mother, who’s still reacting passive-aggressively to Cas’s decision to skip going home and spending Christmas in Toronto instead. When they reach Churchill, it’s already dark; the winter sun sets early this far north. Again they make the trek across the cold tarmac to the warmth of the airport. Cas cranes his neck to see if he can catch sight of the man once they’re inside, but he’s nowhere to be seen.
“And then we kissed, and everything came rushing back. I wanted you so much. I couldn’t wait to leave the office, take you out. Take you home. And then Michael showed up. And I’m glad.”
“Overnight,” Cas mutters, knowing it’s all going to come out anyway, and besides, Meg’s his best friend, they talk about personal stuff all the time, she cares about him, if he’s going to actually confide in someone about what a truly impressive mess he is, it’s going to be her.
“I read,” he says defensively. “You just surprised me is all. Seriously, how did you get in here anyway? This place is warded up tighter than a drum.”
In the distance, there’s the faint sound of more gunshots. Cas stops for a second while rummaging through his backpack to listen, but it goes silent again and he pulls out a flashlight and a small pack. “I’ve only got the little first aid kit here, the big one’s back at the jeep. Let me see what I’m dealing with.”He turns the flashlight on and holds it in his teeth as he pulls a small pair of scissors out of the first-aid kid and cuts away the bottom part of the leg of Dean’s shorts.
He’s almost out of strength when the bubble of silence passes and the sounds of the raid flood back in. He can hear the gunfire again. And the roar of vehicles coming up the road to the valley.
The creature turns and sees them, eyes widening. It scampers up a tree, where it sits on a branch, flicking its tail back and forth and chittering angrily.
“Meg?” he says carefully. She’s the head admin for the Earth Sciences department, and Cas’s best friend.
get an all-day breakfast, why would you not? Meg is dipping her fries in a pool of ketchup on the edge of the plate, not looking at him when she drops the first fish hook into the pool.
Five minutes later the squirrel is still trapped under the colander, a large encyclopedia of runes holding it in place, and Team Free Will are outside, with Sam drawing new sigils in chalk on the walkway. Dean is helpfully holding his hair out of the way. “I think that with the sigils reversed, we’ll be able to reverse the spell.”
“Okay, well you do know his last name now. Call the hotels near the convention centre and ask to be connected to his room. Go online and find his home number in Churchill.”
Hysteria bubbles up in his chest and for some reason, he passes his last few seconds on Earth not running for his life, but imagining the headlines; ‘Tourist eaten by polar bear.’ Adrenaline is pumping through him so hard he feels like his chest is going to explode.
“I’m only asking this because you’ve been drunk many, many times in the past and never called me ‘babe’,” Cas says drily.
“As sure as I can be without being there to check it out,” Sam answers, scrolling the iPad. “It checks all the boxes. An exhibition of Japanese pottery, including sake bottles. Three dead in total: two tourists outside the museum in Seattle hosting the exhibit; and a vineyard worker at the last winery that hosted it, south of Portland. Local cops in both places are pegging the deaths as animal attacks.”
Dean picks up his spring roll with his fingers, hissing at the temperature. It doesn’t stop him from dipping it into the sauce and crunching into it. It’s good – hot and crispy and satisfying despite being at least 80% vegetable. The second one doesn’t last long either. Cas is looking at Dean fondly as flakes of spring roll wrapper fly like shrapnel over the table. Cas breaks his in two and uses his chopsticks to expertly manipulate the spring roll into the sauce and into his mouth.
Cas swallows down the nausea and recounts the story of the previous night, leaving out the sex and making it sound like an entirely G-rated evening of television viewing with a stranger. The women are suitably horrified by his being stalked by a bear, but something in his carefully modulated voice must give something away, because Charlie’s questions about his saviour are getting more pointed by the time their tour guide comes into the lobby to collect his passengers. Cas hugs them goodbye and heads off in the right direction to his rental.
Dean had forgotten how earnest Cas had been. How eager to help, to be useful. And how that had tugged at his heartstrings.
Cas opens the door again. "Come on. You said you wanted to go see the surprise cool place. I'm your tour guide.” He pauses, “It’s not a date, I promise." He grins, and Dean surveys his faded black AC/DC tee and worn-looking cargo shorts through gummy eyelids. Cas's calves are nice. Firm-looking.
“Beer, please, Albert,” but Albert has already popped the cap off a bottle and is setting it down in front of him. Dean tips the bottle up to his mouth. The beer is cool, but not cold enough. But God knows he’s gotten used to that during this last year in Africa.  He looks around and sees the trench coat guy, at least he thinks it’s him, sitting at one of the booths with two other men. He’s in shirtsleeves now, speaking French with his companions. French and Arabic are the languages of Chad, and Dean knows enough of the former to make himself understood here. As for the latter, he can pick out a word here and there, otherwise he’s hopeless.
Cas has his sat phone again, and when he notices that Dean is awake, he cuts off the conversation and comes back over.
“Measles doesn’t sound very life-threatening,” Dean says. Now that the man looks a little steadier on his feet, Dean relaxes. He’s probably not going to have to carry him anywhere.
“Dude, your face --” Dean wheezed. Cas stuck his shovel into the snowbank on the edge of the driveway and bent to pick up some snow himself.
“Yeah,” she answers, not bothering to ask how he knows. He just seems to know everything that goes on in the camp, and what he doesn’t know, Alicia tells him. “It’s peaceful. I can think out here. It reminds me of home, but in a good way. It helps.” She smiles as two chickadees land on her hand at the same time. “They’re pretty tame.”
“Sure Cas, they’re great. Thank you. My hands feel better already. Merry Christmas.” He can’t look away.
Mashaya looks at Dean, taking in his dishevelled appearance and the edge of the bandage visible at the hem of his shorts.
“Dean, there are oak trees everywhere. We need to see if there are oak trees over where the new construction is planned.”
. “I know we haven’t spent much time together, but I want to give this a chance, Dean. This…whatever it is between us. I want to give it a chance to work. I think it can be something good.”
“True. But I like you, and you never do anything for yourself. Let go, live a little! Do something just for the hell of it. Don’t analyze it to death.” She smiles at him and he feels a reluctant smile break out on his face.
Before she can say anything else, the front doors of the car open, and two militants get in. Neither of them are Youssef. The car starts up and they pull away from Fada, following the other vehicles in Mashaya’s convoy: four Land Cruisers and the pick up truck. They head into the desert and Dean can tell from the stars in the night sky that they’re heading northwest. Towards the mountains and the Boko Haram strongholds.
. The man takes in Dean’s look of confusion and extends a hand, grinning broadly. “I’m Gabriel Novak. One of the doctors here. And you are?”
He has to make sure. But the men turn out of sight around the corner  before he can get a close look.
“Relax, duct tape is an excellent wilderness first-aid item.” He rips off a strip, careful to keep any sand off it, and smooths it over the gauze pad, and then places another one next to it. “It’s going to act like a pressure bandage. And here, take this.” He passes Dean a pill. “Vicodin. For pain.” Dean swallows it obediently.
“Dean, I didn’t want to leave you alone in here, especially after what had just happened between us, but I needed to talk to him to find out what was going on. He told me he’d be going to the new camp with Mashaya and would be able to transmit the location. I know how it must have looked.”
He walks the aisles between booths in the exhibitor’s hall. No Dean. He goes into every lecture room and scans the seats. No Dean. He haunts the lounge where they met. No Dean. He finds a seat along a wall on the main concourse and tries to catch Dean walking along the hallway or taking the escalator up from the first floor. Still no Dean. It’s late and the exhibitors are closing up shop and heading out of the convention centre for drinks and dinner when Cas admits defeat and heads home.
Dorothy takes the flask out of Charlie’s hand and puts it on the seat beside her. They stop talking as the tour guide begins to tell them the Cree and Ojibwe legends of the northern lights.
“No. I was here in December for the lights,” he adds some ketchup to his burger and then looks over at her. “Actually, I’m looking for someone. A friend who lives here.”
Half an hour later, they pull up to a rock formation straight out of a fairy tale. A swath of badlands crossed with a Greek legend. The vast field of sandstone formations are golden brown in the afternoon light. Seamed and ridged layers are visible — remnants of when the area was the bottom of a long-dead sea, Dean thinks. They are lumpy and rounded, and hundreds of passageways are visible between the separate rock columns. Sparse grasses grow in the spaces between the rocks. Dean wouldn’t be surprised to see a minotaur emerge from one of the openings. He wants very badly to explore.
“I’m teaching mineralogy at U of T and working on ore systems modelling, specifically the Detour Lake gold camp. I gave a talk on it earlier in the Advances in Systems Modelling session.”
“Hey I —” Cas stops. “Fair point.” He sits up and opens the half-finished bottle of water from the night before. “How long are you here in Faya-Largeau?” he asks Dean, and takes a long drink.
“Hello, Castiel.” Michael looks unforgivably well, the separation hasn’t been giving him sleepless nights, if looks are anything to go by. His dark hair longer than Cas remembers and he’s wearing a cashmere coat over a tailored navy suit, softened by a pale blue shirt and lavender tie. Elegant as always.
The next morning goes remarkably smoothly, an omen perhaps? Cas is up and dressed and drinking coffee when Meg arrives to drive him to the airport. He’s written extensive notes for her on the care and feeding of Spock, who realizes what the suitcase means and is studiously ignoring Cas from her perch on top of the fridge.
Sam nods, satisfied, and they head into the building, showing the tickets that he bought on his phone as they drove west from Kansas.
Dean looks over at him and says, “It’s a poor warlord indeed who lets himself be taken out by a fucking non-combatant.” He giggles to himself, a little hysterically.
“I think so. Help me up.” Cas pulls him carefully to his feet. He can stand on his own, and he can put weight on the leg, but he’s not going to be winning any awards for speed. Cas gathers up their belongings and they make their way slowly to the edge of the labyrinth to wait for rescue.
“Oh Cas,” she says quietly, all teasing gone. “You fell for him.” The moment the words are out of her mouth, Cas feels the rightness of them.
Cas sighs, and continues, seemingly resigned to the interrogation. “Youssef needed to let me know that all the girls were being moved in the next two days from different locations to one camp, and he’d try to get me the information to pass on to his commanding officer. He couldn’t be seen with me, and he couldn’t risk you seeing him talking to me, so he sent Issa to the Bucket with the message.”
“Okay,” Victor says and heads for the door, “but stay in the courtyard. It’s not safe to wander the streets of Faya late at night.”
. He stretches a hand out and skips to the next song on the phone, not meeting Cas’s indignant look.
He’s just taken a swig of beer, eyes down on his phone, checking his texts, when he hears a familiar voice, incredulous and questioning.
“Huh”, Dean pushes the sleeves of his shirt up in the warmth of the living room and takes another sip of his beer. Cas can’t help but admire his tanned forearms. “Small world, I’m from Tulsa.” He toasts Cas with the shot glass and they both drink.
Cas answers: “Dean cast a spell, you better come outside and see what he did, so we can fix it.” Cas sighs heavily, the weight of the world sitting squarely on his shoulders.
Dean wonders for a moment how Cas knows that before remembering their conversations of the night before. He responds politely to their greetings and Gabe gets up to get more beer.
The buggy eventually comes to a stop near a rare stand of conifers. The tour guide, a woman in her late twenties, passes around trays of snacks. As it’s New Year’s the snacks are being washed down with plastic glasses of champagne. Charlie adds to the festivities with a flask of something fiery that she shares with Dorothy and Cas.
“I know it must have looked bad. I didn’t figure out right away that you’d seen the kiss, but not what happened next. After I told Michael to leave, I went looking for you, and Meg told me you’d left. That’s when I realized you’d seen us. I swear to god, Dean, I called every hotel in downtown Toronto looking for you. I went back to PDAC and searched for you. I was in a panic and I couldn’t find you anywhere.
'' She pokes him in the shoulder this time with a particularly pointy and all-too-solid-feeling finger.
“Yeah,” Cas rushes on, not wanting to leave a lull in the conversation that might lead to having to discuss feelings. “I just have PowerPoint slides with me, but if you want, we could go to my office and I can show you the actual models.” He stops for a second,
Back at the bunker, Dean is feeling Cas’s absence like an itch under his skin. He’s not there in the kitchen when Dean makes coffee in the morning. His place on the couch is empty when Dean and Sam sit down to watch the hockey playoffs, and Dean misses the stream of questions that he always gets when he watches sports with Cas (
A small storm of noise breaks out around the room, people clinking their spoons on their glasses. At the head table, Sam grabs Jessica, dips her, and kisses her soundly. Dean and Cas both watch for a moment from their spot by the kitchen.
“Yeah, I’m beginning to suspect that the mineralization type at Muskox is similar to Detour Lake, I wanted to see the models. You were using cesium magnetometers to get the mag data right?” Dean asks, playing along with Cas’s abrupt change in topic..
The tone of the note is about what he expected from Cas: short, to the point, and devoid of niceties. Dean smiles his thanks at the woman and tucks the note into his pocket. He retraces his path and joins Victor, Félix, and Youssef at the restaurant. After breakfast they head back to the inn. Dean leaves most of his belongings in his room — which is booked for a week — and packs an overnight bag with a few changes of clothing. He grabs that and his backpack and soon they’re heading southeast across the desert. The trip takes about five hours and it’s late afternoon when they arrive in Fada, passing a burned out tank just outside the town.
The relief that rushes through Dean leaves him weak. And despite the snow still falling around them, he feels a warmth blooming in his chest.
Dean nods his acceptance and Albert pours a shot of the Canadian rye whisky for him. He has no idea where Albert sources his eclectic collection of liquors. Last time he was through here it was Glenlivet, the time before that it was two bottles of Stoli that Albert had put away for him, telling two Russians that had found their way into this small unnamed bar, that the best he could do for them was some sketchy mass-produced gin. Dean grins at the memory. The hangover had been epic, though. Dean asks Albert about his family and settles back to hear the older man’s stories.
“Sooner or later people are going to realize that we are not Gabe and Lucas. And getting thrown out of here would really be the cherry on top of a pretty shitty day.”
“That looks like it,” Dean says. They walk past the building and look at the unbroken snow between them and the treeline. “Real good plan, Cas. Wade through the snow in our flip-flops. That’s going to be all kinds of fun. We’ll freeze before we cover five feet. And it’s not going to attract any attention at all.” His voice drips with sarcasm.
staying here,” he looks at Dean. “We’ve got to go get a couple geologists over by Iriba and take them to  N’Djamena to ship out back to France. Things should be quiet enough when we get back to get you up north. Meanwhile you can relax for a few days.”
“Hannah told me where you were, Castiel. When you run away from home, you don’t do things by half, do you?” the tone is amused. Cas’s gaze drags across Michael’s face, once so loved, so longed for, and now? Now he’s confused. Two months ago he’d thought that seeing Michael again would feel good, would make him whole. But all he can muster is a half-hearted irritation.
“It’s always been your home, Cas. I want you to stay.” Dean can’t help the smile that’s spreading over his face, “with me.”
Dunes of sand are visible here and there, now tinted yellow as the sun rises higher. Strange fingers of stone and mushroom-shaped outcrops jut upwards out of the sand. The wind has abraded the sandstone for thousands of years, sculpting the rock into pillars and pinnacles of fantastic shape, some towering two hundred or more feet in the air, and others toppled and lying like cut trees across the landscape. They’re up on the Ennedi Plateau now, and the outcroppings are more frequent. Large towers and arches go by and are left behind in the dust kicked up by the jeep.
“I hope the drive down wasn’t too bad, Lucas. Bay area traffic is really crazy if you’re not used to it. Jessica said that you two had decided to drive instead of fly.” Dean grins at Cas, and it makes him even more appealing. “I can get behind that. I don’t like to fly either.” Turns out those eyes are green. Green like spring fields, like tropical lagoons, like forests and shamrocks and the creepy female M&M, and they seem to be gazing back at Cas just as intently...and what now? Why does Dean think they’re from out of town? Who’s Lucas? And who’s Jessica? Belatedly, Cas’s brain starts working again. Blessedly, before he has to formulate a reply, there’s a cry from the dance floor.
“Oh. I am. Kansas born and bred. But I was working up in the Alberta oil patch a couple years back, I’m a petroleum engineer. I knew a guy there who was from Quebec City.”
“SAM,” Dean yelled, heading down the hallway to Cas’s room, stopping sharply at seeing the laundry baskets where Cas had stored his clothes half empty, the duffle that usually hung from the doorknob of the closet door, gone. An empty space instead of Cas’s Lincoln in the garage.
Sam suggested a coin toss, but Dean was having none of that shit. He insisted on rock, paper, scissors, and ended up with the Canada-in-winter end of the stick.  Cas, given the choice between accompanying Sam to sunny California or driving with Dean into darkest Canada, had surprised exactly one of them by electing to go with Dean.
“And the best man catches the garter!” the DJ announces “Let’s have a round of applause for Sam’s brother.”
“I was about to check out the staff offices when I heard voices. I thought it would be best to hide until they went by. I seem to have nodded off for a second.” Cas sways again, pressing more of his body against Dean, peering at him out of slightly bloodshot azure eyes. Dean can’t help but stare back. The proximity of Cas, the warmth of his body and the tang of whiskey on his breath is doing a number on Dean. He’s tingling all over. He wants to stay in here forever, or at least until he finds out what it would be like to make out with Cas in a closet. He can imagine it
Waitstaff are circulating with flutes of champagne for the guests. Dean hurriedly snatches the flask of whiskey from Cas and stuffs it back into his jacket pocket. They both accept a proffered glass, but Sam passes, raising his bottle of sparkling water as an excuse.
“Can I borrow your laptop, Cas’s eyes are back on Dean’s mouth, “later?” He climbs onto the bed and stretches out next to Dean
“I know. I can’t fault you for that.” Cas is having a hard time meeting Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry I kicked your leg. I had to stop you from making that call. We needed to wait for Youssef to send the coordinates of the camp where the girls were being held. If you’d made that call, the army would have had to respond to the hospital, and I couldn’t risk that.” He looks at Dean, finally, and hands him one of the bottles. “This was an undercover operation. We needed them to get away so that Youssef could get to the camp and send us the location. He hadn’t been there before, and didn’t know where it was.”
,” Dean says, stopping to wait for Cas to catch up. Together they walk between two of the trees. There’s a rippling in the air, a feeling like a sudden change in air pressure, and they’re standing in a grove of oaks in summer dress. Grass carpets the ground at their feet, strewn with wildflowers, green leaves dance on the trees in a summer breeze. Dean turns and looks back the way they came. Beyond the old oaks, it’s still midwinter. His eyes are drawn back to the centre of the grove by sudden movement. There’s a young woman standing there barefoot on the grass. She has pale skin and long hair the colour of new spring leaves arranged in a complicated looped and whorled style. Her eyes are dark brown, and she’s wearing a long dress a few shades darker than her hair.
“Nothing. She’s gone to give her blessing to the clearing and then she’s coming with us. I told her that we could plant her in the woods behind the bunker or send her back to Greece. She chose the latter. I’ll make sure she gets back to Crete.”
The quiet of the night is broken by the sound of someone (something?) shuffling through the snow behind him, and then a soft whuffing grunt.
Meg boosts her butt up to sit on Cas’s desk next to his pile of exam papers, swinging her legs. “I’d love to be able to catch him at it. Get him fired.” Her eyes wander over Cas’s desk, landing on the still-open laptop, browser open to the northern lights video. This distracts her from her tirade. “Are you still looking at those? Cas. Do it. Go up to Churchill, or the Yukon. Go see them.” She looks at him.
But instead of scampering off into the woods, it makes a beeline for the door of the bunker, the door that that Dean has left open, because his hands were too full of spell paraphernalia to close it. Dean and Cas stare open-mouthed as the squirrel darts into the bunker.
“I told them they might need a doctor for the girls, didn’t really give them a chance to say no.” Cas brushes the hair away from Dean’s forehead, an echo of their night together in the desert. “I couldn’t wait here, I had to go with them and find you.”
“OK, you go check out the offices, and then we should look around outside. All of the bodies were found outside the buildings that were housing the exhibit. You can stagger around a bit and I’ll watch and see if you attract any shojo action.”
” The man is yelling at him, his breath fogging the air in front of him. Cas turns as the man tugs him along the road to the walkway of the nearest house. Cas can’t help but look behind him. The bear is moving towards them in a shambling walk that looks like it could break into a run any second now. Cas wonders if he’s actually going to crap his pants before they reach the door that’s still standing open. The man, who isn’t wearing a coat, just jeans and a henley and slippers, pulls him bodily up the porch steps and into the house, as the bear reaches the walkway. The door slams shut, and Cas lets out a breath that he definitely knew he was holding.
Cas sighs and deftly fishes a wonton out of the bowl and into his mouth. Dean fumbles briefly with the chopsticks, getting them situated a non-standard but marginally effective grip. After a couple of abortive attempts, he mounts an attack on a dumpling. A small wave of broth crests the rim of the bowl and splashes on the table.
Dean gives him a cocky I-rest-my-case grin and kisses him again, his hands working their way under the hem of Cas’s tee shirt, and that touch of warm hands on his skin for the first time in months nearly derails his thought processes. Dean shifts so that Cas is lying next to him , caught between Dean’s body and the back of the couch. He lies there enjoying Dean’s slow sensuous explorations. Dean kisses him deeply as his fingers trace circles on Cas’s stomach, just shy of tickling but leaving tingling paths in their wake.
Genesis, it’s just shitty Phil Col —” Belatedly, Dean remembers Cas’s recent infatuation with Phil Collins ballads. Cas had found a shoebox full of Phil Collins and Santana cassettes at a yard sale outside of Lincoln a few weeks back, and to Dean’s dismay liked the former way better than the latter. Dean has had a far closer relationship with Phil Collins over that time than he ever wanted — listening to the tapes had inevitably led to Cas downloading Phil’s entire discography onto his phone.
“Huh. Real Ghost of Christmas Future stuff. Gonna show me my grave? ‘Cause, newsflash, I already seen it. From the inside.”
proud. Of us, anyway. She’s still coping with the disappointment that is our other brother, Michael.” He leans forward and whispers conspiratorially, “He’s a vet.”
There’s no way he can do anything to help Meg right now, he’s unarmed and limping, and there are too many armed men where Gabriel and the rest of the medical staff are corralled. Dean turns and makes his way down the passage where he saw the man who looked like Youssef and the other man carrying boxes from the mess tent. He’s going to find them and determine if it is Youssef or not. The implications of a member of Field Security International being part of the Boko Haram are pretty frightening.
Cas smiles. “Yeah, Michael is much less of a jerk than either me or Gabe, but Anna’s the best of us all.”
“It’s dangerous up there.” Cas swings his legs over the side of the bed, and slowly gets to his feet.
Cas takes the glass without saying anything. First, he’s in the orbit of this amazing golden man, which has rendered him pretty much speechless; and second, Cas is almost certain that if he says anything, the whole edifice of Gabe’s fiction of them being wedding guests is going to shred like tissue paper left out in the rain that’s still pelting down outside the window. Lying is not Cas’s forté.
Dean leans his head back against the faux rock and closes his eyes, reveling in the hot water and cold beer. He could get used to this. The water surges and he opens his eyes to see the gaggle of teenagers climb out, leaving only the two couples and him and Cas in the pool. Cas is beside him, and he can feel their arms brush when Dean picks up his beer for a sip. He’s quite content to sit there without speaking, eyes closed, listening to the casual chat going on around him.
They come up for air a few minutes later, Cas’s fingers are tangled in Dean’s hair. “My god, I thought I’d never see you again.” Cas’s voice is shaky. It’s finally sinking in. Dean is here. Dean wants him.
The next message was less angry and pointed out the logistical problems with Cas’s plan. The third was pleading.
“Cream is fine.” He opens the fridge and adds some to his mug, sipping at it hesitantly. Dean is content to stand there without speaking, waiting patiently for Cas to pull himself together.
. Elation fills him. He knows now that Michael is behind him. That he’s really over him. Michael showing up was actually a gift. Now he can explore what he feels for Dean without the weight of wondering what his feelings for Michael are. He can’t wait for Dean to come back. He wants to keep Dean by his side and he's going to start by asking him out for dinner.
He’s remembering another set of lips, Dean’s lips. Dean’s hands on his body, Dean’s breath hot on his skin. Cas stands frozen as Michael wraps his arms around Cas and tries to pull him close. Then something snaps inside Cas. He gets his hands against Michael’s chest and pushes. Hard. “Michael, stop.”
She leans close, chains on her arms rattling, and says in a deep, theatrical voice. “Ask me who I was.''
The adrenaline is pumping now. Cas pulls Dean through one more passageway and suddenly they’re in a more open part of the maze. The light is getting hazy, taking on a dark gold hue as the sun drops towards a line of jagged hills to the west of the labyrinth. Dean wonders what will  happen if they’re still in the maze come nightfall. He doesn’t have much time to worry about it because a man appears behind them at another of the passageways that opens up onto the  sandy area Dean and Cas are crossing. He’s in fatigue pants and a dark sweater. He stops and shouts something over his shoulder in Arabic.
Cas smiles down at Dean and kisses him again, hearing Dean gasp when his hand slides down his back, pressing up and against him with a finger, and Dean rolls away, fumbling at the drawer in the bedside table. He tosses a condom and a bottle of lube on the bed. Cas slicks up a finger and presses slowly into him. Dean tenses up slightly, his breathing coming heavy now, and Cas stops, waiting for him to relax. When Dean begins to rock his hips slightly, chasing Cas’s finger as it slides in and out, Cas adds a second finger. Before long, Dean is writhing and moaning on the bed, and Cas rolls the condom on, slicks himself up, and then he’s pushing in, slowly, until his hips are flush against Dean. The feeling is overwhelming and Cas waits a moment, trying to get his breathing under control. Dean starts rolling his hips and pulls him down for a kiss and Cas goes willingly, focusing on the sensation of having his tongue and his cock buried in Dean. Slowly he begins to rock into Dean, building into a rhythm punctuated by Dean’s moans and whispered curses. Cas feels like he’s flying, he snaps his hips harder, chasing his orgasm and Dean gasps, hissing out a breath through his teeth every time Cas bottoms out. And then Cas thrusts deep and stills, his orgasm washing over him. Cas collapses on top of him and lies still for a long moment, Dean kissing his neck drowsily.
He keeps to the shadows along the wall that borders the street, and walks towards the noises that are still intermittently being blown his way by the steady breeze that’s making the fronds of the date palms move restlessly. The road makes a sharp curve a hundred metres or so further on, and Dean looks before turning the corner. There are two men standing over a third who’s lying half propped up against the whitewashed wall. In the dim light Dean can still make out that the standing men are young, early twenties at most. One is in what looks like army fatigues, the other in dark pants and a white polo shirt. The figure on the ground has dark hair, and his head lolls back against the wall, unmoving.
“If you aren’t going north right away, come check out the camp in Fada and I’ll show you the sights.”
“The groom?” There are comic levels of incomprehension on Dean’s face. “What would make you think that?”
October is beautiful, Indian summer lingering through the month. Sam and Dean drive through Sioux Falls on their way back from a hunt in Sheridan, Wyoming, and spend a weekend with Jody. They leave, laden with leftovers and an invite for Thanksgiving that they later refuse but counter with a Christmas invite to the bunker.
Dean can hear noises now. Not the wind, but an otherworldly bleating and bellowing that echoes off the walls of the narrow canyon.
“Okay, so what do I owe the pleasure of your visit at,” he sits up and peers at the clock beside the bed, “11:32 on Christmas Eve?”
The woman behind the bar is in her late forties, with long brown hair, wearing a plaid shirt open over a dark green tee. Ellen, he assumes. Cas smiles to himself, another person Meg would call a hipster who really, really isn’t. She opens a beer for him, slides it across the bar, and excuses herself to go to the kitchen and put in his order.
Cas dresses carefully for the cold night. He layers on a tee shirt and a sweater over long johns and jeans, topping it off with a parka, tuque and heavy gloves. He’s booked on a tundra buggy excursion to see the northern lights. By day, these elevated bus-like vehicles are used to cross the tundra in search of polar bears. At night, they go searching for more celestial sights. The buggies are heated, and have comfy seating and even a bathroom, but Cas hopes to be able to get out once they leave the lights of town and photograph the aurora in the open air. He piles on with around twenty other people and they soon start shedding their outerwear in the warmth of the buggy. With a lurch, the buggy gets underway. Windows all around and even in the roof show the dark indigo sky as they leave the halo of light around Churchill and head out onto the tundra.
Sam steps in, peacemaker as always. “It’s okay, we can fix this. We can just recast the spell with the sigils the right way. That should banish all the squirrels.”
“Hardly,” the man says dryly. “It was just a misunderstanding.” He extends a hand, and Dean pulls him to his feet. He’s weaving a bit, and Dean grabs his arm and steadies him. “Thanks.”
, thinks Cas. And sure enough, he can feel his phone vibrating in his pocket. He ignores it and ushers Dean into his office. He pulls the guest chair around the desk next to his, and starts the computer up. He pulls up the model of the Detour Lake gold mine, and rotates it to show the mine and the mineralization from all angles.
The next day is a carbon copy of the first. Cas has a sick feeling in his stomach that gets worse as the day goes by and nothing changes. Late in the afternoon, gambling that fate will replay their first reunion, Cas buys a beer and settles into the same chair he’d occupied two days previously, hoping against hope that he’ll look up agan and see Dean standing in front of him. He’s still sitting there, beer forgotten on the table beside him when the buzz of conversation in the hall around him rises as people start saying their goodbyes and then falls as the venue empties, the only people left are the ones disassembling the booths with quiet efficiency.
There’s still enough booze in his system to make him answer honestly. “Because it was pissing you off. I want watching the birds to be something that makes you happy. Being stuck here in the bunker with us can’t be a picnic. Not when you’re used to heaven...used to having wings and going wherever you want, whenever you want.”
Early the next afternoon they reach Faya-Largeau, the oasis brimming with date palms. They drive across the soft sand through a gate in the walls surrounding the southern part of the town. A caravan of camels, carrying salt, Dean presumes, are collected outside the gate, white-robed tribesmen, maybe Bedouin or Tuareg, stand around talking. Dean watches them until they’re out of sight, the Range Rover piloting through narrow streets that are more like a warren of passages bounded by whitewashed mud-brick walls. Doors are set into the walls at irregular intervals, the occasional one standing open to reveal a courtyard and living space beyond. Every so often they pass an open space where goats are penned, or chickens scratch at the dry ground. A spiderweb of electrical wiring stretches overhead.
Cas makes a noise of annoyance and follows the squirrel into the bunker, Dean at his heels. A shout from the den alerts them to which way it went. They run into the den to find Sam on his feet, staring at the doorway into the kitchen.
. He takes careful aim. Through the trees he can see his target and the one square inch of fur that he’s going to put a bullet through. He exhales slowly and starts to squeeze the trigger of the pearl-handled automatic.
Too antsy to keep sitting at his desk, Cas paces to the office window and looks out over the campus. He checks his watch. Dean’s been gone a long time. Even if he’d gotten lost on the way to the washroom, he should have been back by now. Cas goes to the door and looks both ways down the hall. It’s empty. He walks down to the double doors, around the corner, and into the men’s room. Empty. Unease is rising inside him. He retraces his steps, still no Dean.
Sam barely has time to look shocked before his face is hidden behind a long fall of chestnut hair. He sweeps it back out of his face and it tumbles down his back, pooling on the floor before stopping. He looks like gigantor Rapunzel in flannel and jeans. “Dean…”
Christina undresses quickly and climbs under the duvet she won from Phil one unprecedentedly lucky night at poker. She thinks about Dean’s smile when he caught sight of Cas, and the way Cas’s shoulders relaxed as he climbed the porch steps. She thinks about how for the first time since she arrived at Chitaqua, she called her cabin “home.”
They head back to Chez Elyse for breakfast, and while the other three linger over their tea, Dean excuses himself and goes looking for the medical clinic and Cas. He finds the former, a whitewashed building on the square, and the universal antiseptic smell assails his nostrils as he walks through the door. In careful French, he asks the Chadian doctor he meets inside if he can speak to Dr. Novak.
“The Auberge Emi Koussi,” Victor says, “Your home in Faya.” Dean recognizes the French word for ‘inn’ and the name of a volcanic crater in northern Chad.
He doesn’t wait for Dean to answer, just leans forward and presses his lips to Dean’s. Dean doesn’t react at first, but slowly his lips part. Cas doesn’t do anything other than kiss him, hands cradling Dean’s face. Kissing needs his full attention, what with the way Dean smells and tastes, and Cas’s need to reassure him, to show Dean that he’s serious.
“A shojo? You sure?” Dean asks, eyes barely open, wincing at even the anemic lights of the bunker’s kitchen.
He’s having trouble sleeping. He thinks of Cas constantly: bed-headed and monosyllabic, hunched over his morning coffee; curled up on the other end of the couch reading while Dean watches TV; blue eyes catching his in the rear-view mirror on long drives. A bottle of Jack takes up residence on Dean’s bedside table. He dreams of running through a dark and empty house searching for someone. For Cas, he realizes. It occurs to him slowly that it’s his heart that’s hurting at Cas’s absence.
Dean gives him a look and squeezes the bottle. Hard. He stirs his broth with his ceramic spoon and the broth turns reddish. He lifts a spoonful to his mouth. Cas winces.
Dean had fixed a squirrel baffle, a large plastic disc, to the pole the bird feeder was on, to stop it from climbing up from the ground. The squirrel had climbed a nearby tree and launched itself into space in a creditable impression of Superman, landing on the tray of the feeder and stuffing its face triumphantly.
“Let me tell you I was pretty shocked to find out that my security escort is a member of Boko Haram. You know, the group that tried to kill me yesterday? Kind of a big conflict of interest, But that’s nothing next to finding out you’re involved too.”
“Sometimes at night, especially in winter, moisture condenses out of the air and dew forms on the surface, making a hard crust on top of the soft sand. Driving on that is okay if you keep moving, but if you stop you’re likely to break through and go down to your axles.”
Rowena looks up from where she’s sitting at the kitchen table, a cup of tea in front of her. “I can help with that. I can make a spell that will magnify the effect of the alcohol and make it last longer.” She leans forward, her face a mask of mock pity, “Save your poor wee liver.”
“Yeah, they found a new mineralization intercept almost 200 meters below the mine infrastructure,” Cas says, pointing to one of the drill holes on the model. He trails off when he realizes that Dean is staring at him and not the computer screen.
Dean looks uncomfortable. “The first time I saw you, in Abéché, you were wearing a trench coat when you went into Albert’s.”
Cas grumbles something under his breath. Meg is pretty sure she makes out the word ‘bossy’ and she smiles. “Start doing some research on the trip after you mark those papers.”
Cas waves off the waiter who’s heading over with the coffee pot. “At first, I thought that was it. But it isn’t. It’s worse. It’s way worse. I don’t think about Michael as much anymore, and it doesn’t hurt as much when I do. But,” he puts his head in his hands, “now I can’t stop thinking about Dean.”
Pumping cream into pastry after pastry he finds he can’t get his mind out of the gutter. And who’s he imagining down in the mental gutter with him? Three guesses and the first two non-green-eyed ones don’t count.
“May your powers flourish like an oak tree...:” Cas pauses for a moment like he’s gathering up courage and then continues, “and get you your heart’s desire.”
Jo is not happy about the way she’s manifested if the scowl on her face is any indication. She mutters something uncomplimentary about Chuck under her breath. This just makes Dean laugh harder.
? You gave me a heart attack.” Dean turns on the flashlight on his phone to see Cas is swaying slightly on his feet.
“Yeah, because when we were face to face, all I could think of was getting away from him. Seeing him made me realize that my feelings for him were gone. He kissed me and I felt nothing. No love, no passion, not even nostalgia. Just annoyance. I knew I wanted you.” Cas pauses, taking a deep breath.
Dean’s brain stalls for a minute, like actually record scratches, before coming back online as he remembers Cas’s angelic, and therefore encyclopedic, knowledge.
and disappears into the forest. Oh. Yeah. That’s right. Shojos can move things with their minds. Which is why sneaking up on them is so important.
