That’s when the rain came, heavy and in sheets. They jumped up frantially, grabbing the cooler and the quilt and the leftover food. They found shelter under trees, remarking on the sudden rain and the possibility of storms, hoping Charlie and Dorothy were all right. But Dean could barely concentrate, could barely hold a sensible conversation right now.
The demon is possessing a man of average height, slightly round stomach, brown hair with a beard. His suit is dark, all black with a silver patterned tie, and he saunters into the room with a cool sort of sauveness that part of Dean…admires. He tries not to stare as Fergus plants a kiss on Jody’s cheek, and she’s flushed and hesitant, but an excellent and experienced cop, so Dean knows she won’t blow her cover.
“Front row,” Castiel said, sounding more confident about this than he had anything else today. “I need to see you.”
, half-ass farmer, half-ass writer, full-ass fuck up. Dean took a step back, eyes downcast, dread rolling around in his stomach, fighting the presence of tears—
“I won’t ask you again,” Castiel snarled, and they amazingly started to scatter, though Dean couldn’t figure out why. Castiel was commanding, yeah, but he wasn’t scare-six-dudes-away-by-the-sound-of-his-voice commanding. Above him there were sounds of running, the scrap of shoes shuffling against the ground. Eyes closed, Dean tried to stand, but his torso felt swollen and achy, his abdomen tender to the touch. He likely had a rib broken. Castiel put a soothing hand on his shoulder, shushing him quietly. “Just stay down, okay? I need to call an ambulance.”
“No you fucking didn’t,” Dean bites back, his scent one-hundred and ten percent pissed off omega, and it makes Castiel want to reach for him, soothe him, but he resists. “Don’t you dare do this, Cas.”
were largely inconclusive. We now have two Novak alphas with a reasonable claim to the title, but…well, we’ll let them speak for themselves.” There’s some murmuring in the crowd, and Rufus steps off the makeshift pedestal and turns to the elders, looking discouraged. “What exactly do we tell them? Where do we even start?”
Jesus fucking Christ. Things had spiraled from there, of course, morphing into a full-blown chick-flick moment that Dean blamed entirely on the hangover. Now that Sam and Jess both knew, they kept bringing it up casually, hoping Dean would open up. But he wasn’t quite ready.
Edward was accused of sodomy with.” She leaned forward again, her voice a conspiratorial whisper. “The condemner, as if were, was equally sinful.”
“I’ll make you a deal.” Castiel is feeling worked up and wicked, and he grins down at his boyfriend, frustrated in every sense of the word. “I’ll make sure you come, if you talk to me about your feelings honestly.”
“I would—fuck, Cas. You know what I would do. I would sacrifice just about anything to make sure the pack is safe.”
“I love you,” Cas says evenly, watching Dean’s expression soften, his cheeks tinge pink. “And it’s because I love you, and trust you, and respect you, that I’m…I’m not going with you tonight. To meet the demon.”
Castiel. “Wow, this is a really elaborate way to let me down gently, buddy. Oughta put those chops to work at the community theater.”
Dean snorted and opened his car door, Castiel following. “Dorothy and Uncle Wiz are bad enough,” Dean said, unlocking the trunk, “but the minute I see flying monkeys, we’re getting the hell outta dodge.”
“I’ve heard of that book! It’s a cult classic. Weird as hell, too,” Charlie says, her voice full of excitement. “Your girl must be a hipster or something.”
“It means whatever we want it to mean.” Castiel tries to keep his voice light and noncommittal, but it’s difficult when he doesn’t quite know what Dean is thinking. “Earlier I was considering…maybe renting an apartment in town, a space to paint.”
like a fucking creeper, and yeah, that guy could go straight to hell. He slammed him against the brickwall, prepped and ready to deliver another blow, when he felt hands behind him. He knew better than to end up on his back—that was a surefire way to get the crap kicked out of you—but they tripped him and pushed and there he was...on the asphalt. On his back. Fuck.
And then his mother had slid into the pew beside him, wordless with her shoulders hunched, innately aggravated about some element of Castiel’s demeanor that he couldn’t understand.
It was early evening on a Friday, as usual, and everyone else was rightfully at home already…which was the only reason Castiel felt somewhat comfortable enough to tear his trench coat and suit jacket off his shaking shoulders, loosen his tie until it was slack and swinging from his neck, unbutton his slacks, and blissfully take his hardened, leaking cock in hand.
did he mean it. As if drawn there by gravity Castiel kissed his mating spot, lips dragging wet and warm, hips shifting and his knot inadvertently nuding Dean’s prostate—and he came again, this time so powerful it pained him, scalding like a white hot ember. Lying underneath Cas he felt boneless, depraved, and absolutely, without a doubt, in love with Castiel Novak.
Shockingly, Dean did as he was told. He closed his mouth, jaw set hard and eyes full of worry, and kept driving. He was clearly contemplating something, determinedly trying to work something out in his mind. Castiel figured it had to do with them, or their situation, but he didn’t have the energy to try and decipher Dean’s thoughts or emotions. Instead he closed his eyes and leaned against the window, trying not to daydream about every touch, every kiss, every moment they spent wrapped in each other’s arms…
“No problem.” Trenchcoat Guy smiles at him, broad and gummy, but there’s something in his eyes that makes Dean feel like he’s on display somehow. Is this how he looks at barflies at the Roadhouse? Like he’s two seconds from devouring them? “I can point you in the direction of the nearest trashcan, if you’d like.”
Also: huge thanks to everyone who's been reading every week! I promise I have good, sexy things on the horizon for you.
“The spell is draining him,” someone says, probably Sam, Castiel can’t quite tell the difference anymore. “Dean, if she’s channeling the energy of the third trial, then that means…the alphas, too…”
There had never been another option, and though things might get hectic with Sam’s scheduled at the hospital, there was no one Dean trusted more to give him advice and take over in his stead.
Sweet, impossibly sweet. Dean felt like his tongue was coated in sugar. It made him feel lightheaded, the intensity of it, like every molecule of air was dipped in the syrupy sweetness that was Cas. Castiel was on his feet immediately, taking long and determined strides towards him. Dean thought at some point that the alpha would halt and stop in front of him, but no—suddenly his body was colliding with Dean’s, pushing him against the closed door. Castiel was pining him, one hand high and raised on the door, the other hovering near Dean’s waist.
Pain blooms in his chest as he feels Dean’s heart clench. For one hysterical moment, Cas wonders if all the cheeseburgers finally caught up to Dean’s having the most inconvenient heart attack ever. But he feels a vibration, almost an echo of a voice calling out to him. He’s never felt this from Dean before and can’t help but worry about what’s happening to his friend.
Babes. Wow. Thanks so much for all the positive and passionate responses to the last chapter. I am honestly floored and so damn relieved that you all seemed to enjoy it.
“Son, the way you talked about him last week, he was either the Second Coming or the love of your life. You don’t seem like the praying type, so that only left one option.” Dean didn’t think it was possible for his cheeks to burn
And then he was wrapping his arms around Cas’ back and yanking him forward, their lips meeting. They hadn’t kissed since leaving campus—having driven in their separate cars straight to Castiel’s apartment—and it had barely been thirty minutes, tops, but Castiel had already missed this. Missed the feel of Dean’s body against him, under him. The kiss was intentionally passionate, as many of Dean’s kisses often were, his tongue already seeking entrance between Cas’ parted lips. Castiel crowded against him, pushing against the counter, hands sliding up from Dean’s tight ass to his arching back. Dean moaned as the bouquet of their shared scents—a piquant, sharp, mouthwatering sweetness—filled the room and made them dizzy.
Dean doesn’t know how he sleeps, but he does. He does little else, in fact, for nearly three days. He mopes around Castiel’s house, dragging himself from the bed to the bathroom to the kitchen, only doing the bare minimum to keep himself fed and showered. Every passing day is like another plunging arrow into his chest, stomach. Heart. His alpha should be here, should be working through all this
“So, what?” Dean closed his laptop, feeling defeated. “We do a standard salt-and-burn and hope Edward was our ghost?”
“If I remember correctly, the request was for a shoulder rub,” Castiel retorts playfully. “You’re getting rather greedy.”
Dean rolls his eyes. If he can’t find a quiet place to read in a literal library, where the hell is he supposed to go?
John frowns, not meeting his eyes, and Dean stares a hole into the carpet as he waits. They’re at an impasse, it seems, because John’s next words are hushed and reverent.
“What the…” Dean’s hands fly to the comforter and he flings it off his torso, exposing a hunched-over Cas with wild hair and his mouth stuffed full with Dean’s dick. “Holy fucking hell.”
“I am. My field of research is pretty complicated, and it’s nice to have all the resources available as I write my dissertation.” Castiel swirls the wine around deftly, crossing a leg over his thigh, a sliver of ankle showing. Everything this guy does is strangely sexy, and Dean has to tear his eyes away.
“I played violin and classical guitar at a very early age, which my mother approved of. Then went to New England Conservatory of Music, which she considered frivolous and
“Don’t,” Castiel protests, but it’s rather weak, and his erection has perked up in full and glorious earnest. Dean ignores him and walks closer, tripping over his feet until his knees are dropping on the mattress and he’s crawling towards Castiel, draping his body and lowering himself down. He strips away the sheet until the alpha is lying beneath him, naked. “Won’t...won’t be able to stop myself, Dean…”
While he had been spurred back inside the glasshouse by selfish desire to defend Dean, to make him proud and salvage his book deal, Castiel realized the significance of this moment. This opportunity.
Jess was standing on the porch now, talking loudly to a stocky, muscular man. He had dark hair, a beard, and a wool coat on. When he spotted Dean, his eyes turned wide and warm, clearly checking him out. Two weeks ago Dean might’ve been flattered, maybe even considered him a decent candidate in taking Dean’s metaphorical, gay “virginity.” But now…
room, he was hit with an intense case of nerves. What if this went disastrously wrong? What if Cas smelled like an old muddy shoe, or something bitterly gross, like kale? Would he be able to overlook it and still ask him on a date once the case study was over? Or, even more horrifically, what if Cas hated Dean’s scent? The sharp sting of Dean—which had the low, simmering heat of a chili pepper, a sharp and acidic warmth, according to previous dates—was certainly an acquired taste. Or, uh, smell. Whatever.
He also knew this: going back to his empty, one-bedroom apartment in New York without Dean...it would, without a doubt, be the worst heartbreak of his life. He forced the thought from his mind.
Still coming down from his recent transformation, the alpha growls and dives down, mashing their lips together in a ferocious kiss. Dean moans lewdly as Castiel’s tongue slips into his mouth, his teeth nipping on the omega’s lower lip, and they exchange messy, half-crazed kisses, writhing around as their dicks rub against each other with maddening friction. Dean’s hands fist fervently into Castiel’s hair, tugging hard and impatient, the strands becoming even more disheveled and dirty. Castiel breaks free to leave bruising, enthusiastic kisses all over his omega’s neck. He sucks and licks and kisses over the claim mark, completely unblemished now thanks to their supernatural healing powers, and Dean whines under the attention. Cas feels teeth raking over his own skin, and he lines his throbbing cock back up, both of them moaning with pleasure as he sinks into the hot, narrow heat. He lifts Dean’s leg up higher towards his hips, and the omega cries out from the impact of thrusts now assaulting his prostate. Castiel is quickly becoming undone from the shameless display of neediness from his omega, his cock slick and wet and painfully erect, and he pants, “Not…gonna…last…long…”
He slipped his tongue into the warm, hot heat of Castiel’s mouth and they both moaned at the sensation, the awe-inducing feel of it. Cas sucked mercilessly before massaging the tongue with his own, and they kissed and kissed and kissed. If Dean had felt giddy, dizzy, crazed just from scenting Castiel earlier, actually kissing him made him feel absolutely, positively, done for. When it came to Castiel, he would never, ever tire of this.
Happy Friday, folks!!! It’s a wild & busy day for me—I just published a full, new A/B/O story for Pinefest 2019!! I’ll be sure to share to link at the end of this chapter. :)
The realization dawns on him suddenly, like the swinging of a sledgehammer. “He’s the one who suggested it. He brought you the medicine the morning of the second trial.”
As illogical as he knows it is, he still feels antsy and worked up, fully flustered and on the edge of panic. Finally,
Then again, they had never elected a non-alpha packmaster. Were society has many admirable traits, but they aren’t exactly known for their flexibility.
“Not unless they have a death wish,” Castiel said instantly, and Dean chuckled a little before his eyes settled on Cas’ face. His gaze turned suggestive, those stunning eyes of his opaque with excitement and arousal, and Castiel nearly gasped at the intensity of his attention.
“Lead the way,” he says, squeezing their hands as they bound together through the crowd and into the early evening sky.
“If it helps, I’m nervous too,” Cas says quietly, rubbing his thumb into the gentle pulse of Dean’s wrist.
The contact is startling, a flood of emotions seeping from the alpha and funneled directly into Dean’s brain. There’s pain and melancholy, an aching sort of sadness.
He’s wrapped in a stiff patchwork quilt, and—thanks to his naturally warm body temperature, and the late spring sunshine streaming in through the window—he’s perspiring at an embarrassing level, arms and sides damp with sweat. He flings the blanket off himself and tries to sit up, to take in his surroundings, but he’s met with a burst of vertigo. Barely a moment passes before he’s clutching the couch and closing his eyes again, willing the world not to spin.
Nathaniel raised his hand, positioning another stone, but Castiel swiped the iron against him. His form dissolved into gray, ethereal wisps.
“I have certainly earned a sabbatical, at least for the night.” Castiel reaches his hand forward, tugging on the cotton of Dean’s shirt.
This means Castiel is here—he’s actually here—and Dean’s struck with an onslaught of nerves. Both of his interactions with the guy had been filled with mystery and intrigue, but if they have the opportunity to get to know each other, will everything begin to fade? Should Dean just hit it and quit it instead, before the hottest dude on the planet figures out he’s boring as hell?
“Yeah, yeah, leave us alone, we’re tired,” the omega protests, though good-naturedly, but Pam and Ellen are shaking their heads.
“It’s not much,” Dean mumbled, leaning close towards Castiel’s ear, hand casually on his back. “Not a lot of options in town, you know? But the best damn cup of coffee in the county, I swear.”
“Uh,” Dean says, brain short-circuiting for a moment because damn, it’s good to hear Cas’ voice. “Hey.”
“I would think very carefully about what you say next,” he said, voice measured and quiet, but deeply threatening. “Mr. Winchester co-owns the farm that currently employees you. You should show him some respect.”
I’m the Sam to your Frodo, like, every year for Halloween. And right now you’re treating me with Smeagol-level weirdness.”
Two days later they were standing inside the airport. Dean was still healing from the assault, but aside from one fractured rib, the remainder of the damage was mostly bruises. The hospital hadn’t even held him for long, though the police had come to take a statement right after his X-ray. Dean hadn’t wanted to call them—technically he had thrown the first punch, after all—but Cas said everything should be documented, and wouldn’t take no for answer.
“Thank you very much for dinner,” he said, realizing he sounded formal, but not knowing how to bridge the gap just yet.
Another missed phone call. More banging on the door. Distantly, Cas hears a loud thud from the front of the house. The living room, the front porch. The sound is like the friction of wood forced against a threshold, a door being kicked off its hinges, and then—
“I promise to be your lover, companion, and friend.” Castiel stares sweetly, openly, into Dean’s eyes.
“Okay, before you freak out and leave, just let me explain,” Sam said in a rush. “I stopped in the bakery yesterday, and Gabe and I got to talking. Turns out, according to this girl Meg, Gabe’s brother is totally sprung on this unattainable guy. It sounded so much like your situation that I...I dunno. We thought that if we arranged a blind-date and you two hit it off—”
“Cas, dude,” Dean was wheezing, he was laughing so hard, “what the hell? You gotta clue me in here.”
. Why on earth would he say that? Who was this man, and why was he so difficult for Castiel to understand?
The elders leave breakfast first, intending to gather the necessary items for the ceremony. The remaining group walks down to the meadow together, Cas and Dean hanging near the back and holding hands. Charlie is using the walk as an impromptu wedding planning meeting, having wrangled virtually everyone into helping her set up, but Dean tries to keep his mind clear as the gravity of what he’s about to do settles inside him.
“It was more like fifteen,” Dean grumbles stiffly, but nods. He had hoped to catch Crowley on the phone and interrogate him—not endure an unscheduled house call right before getting laid.
“Don’t you go telling Castiel all of this,” Bobby says quietly, peering over his shoulder in a soundless way that makes Dean jump.
“Hi Dean,” she said, overly cheerful. She looked at Castiel, eyebrows raised and curious. “Cas, clearly your weekly updates left out...some things.”
He slammed his car door and straightened his suit ceremoniously, while Sam and Jess waited respectfully nearby. Finally then began walking towards the auditorium, the couple making polite chit-chat with one another while Dean slid his hands into his pockets, introspective and quiet. He tried to hold onto the confidence boost he’d gotten from Ellen last night, but her words were already fading fast in his memory. He was about to see Cas, and even Charlie said it was best to keep them separated until the presentation, afterwards Dean and Cas would be free. Free to talk, to hold, to touch, with no one to interfere—
“Jessica asked me to fetch your laundry basket,” he said, trying to keep his voice level, willing his semi to flag. Dean’s face looked panicked, so Castiel added, “But I...I couldn’t find it. Sorry.”
Pamela grins encouragingly and unknots the lengthy, patchwork vine, passing it Sam, who nestles it into his basket. She turns to Gabriel, who seems to know his next instruction and retrieves a polished and sliver, two-handed cup. “This quaich and its two handles represents the symbol of two families coming together, two homes which are now made one.” Sam squats lowly, trading the basket of florals for a porcelain canteen, which he passes to the elder.
The door shuts and Dean swallows, wondering how Sam plans to finish that sentence. He can only imagine how debauched he looks, but it’s not until Castiel comes from the bedroom with his jeans slung low, a button-up shirt open to his bare chest, that Dean realizes how well and truly fucked they look. Castiel’s hair is messy and tousled, his lips pink and puffy, and he’s a little breathless from dressing in such a hurry. Good god, he’s beautiful.
Seeing Dean after twelve years of long-distance worship made Castiel feel more vulnerable, more exposed than he’d ever felt.
Dean can barely speak, because the stream of water is massaging his hole in a way that makes his whole body shudder. “God, Cas,
“Who are you?” Sam asks crossly, while Dean takes a step forward, sheltering everyone behind him. “Fergus MacLeod or…Crowley?”
“Well look at that, it’s my favorite omega!” Charlie’s voice was bright and chipper as always, and Dean felt himself grinning on instinct.
Understanding dawns on Castiel’s face, and he nods. “Well, then it was nice to meet you, Dean. I hope it’s not for the last time.”
“The Wolf has chosen your first task,” Rowena announces, addressing Cas and John. Her eyes have returned to their normal color and she must have at least a smudge of decency inside her, ‘cause she has the tact to sound solemn. “Before each of you are five weapons—” They appear suddenly at the feet of both alphas: a book of matches, a silver knife, a canister of salt, a machete, and a magnifying glass. John’s face is cold and calculating, familiar with each of these various objects and their uses, but Cas is squatting low and touching them like they’re marvelous gifts.
Still, Cas’ favorite day of the year—every year—was postcard day, when Dean would write him a quick note. Usually something like,
“Oh, but wouldn’t it be nice to have a little...insurance?” She grins wickedly, picking up a stray twig and twirling it in her hands.
Dean suddenly closed the space between them, lunging forward and wrapping his hands around Castiel’s neck. He swung his leg over Castiel and kissed him firmly, insistently, crushing their lips together in a surge of adrenaline. Castiel was flustered, head spinning, as he realized how chaste their previous kiss had been by comparison. Moments later, Dean flicked the tip of his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, withdrawing coyly before Castiel could react.
“Obviously you two know how Edward died,” she said, watching for signs of recognition on their faces. “How horrible...to have your family’s legacy marked by that. But what made it even more horrible was
—fervent, passionate, fraught and forlorn. His omega is worried about them, and it makes a sympathetic whine escape Castiel’s snout, burying the edge of his nose into the folds of Dean’s jeans. He’s torn between wanting to comfort him about his father’s loss, and initiating another conversation about their own future. But he can’t really do either at the moment, because the flames are diminishing and the Winchesters must collect their father’s ashes, consuming them soon in whatever way they deem worthy. Castiel thinks of the painting hanging above the mantle in his father’s house, the gritty color heavy with his father’s remains, and the thought makes him melancholy. Have they finally stopped losing people they love? Who will he and Dean become in the wake of their fathers’ absences?
Dean looked up, smiling, and Castiel couldn’t help but mirror his expression. The way they were touching, bodies turned in, staring at each other with grins plastered wide...was it obvious they had slept together the night before?
“Sammy,” Dean croaked, words feeling unfamiliar in his mouth. Apart from “whiskey, neat” and “where’s my check” Dean hadn’t spoken to anyone in three days. “Cas...I need to talk to Cas…”
, close enough to spy on Jody sitting solo at the bar, but hidden far enough away that they’re not outwardly noticeable. Dean shrugs and polishes off his glass. He’s feeling antsy just being here, remembering the one and only time he’s been at this bar and how fucking awful it was, how that alpha douche had nearly had his way with Dean. It only makes him miss Castiel more, with a desperate sort of sting that he’s been ignoring all day long. It’s almost as though he can feel his alpha yearning for him, searching for him, and it makes Dean dizzy and off-kilter.
“I haven’t told Sam, but I think he suspects.” Castiel is picking a stray thread from the worn patchwork quilt, and Dean stares at his fingers twirl and spin, how dexterous and steady they are. Painter’s hands.
“All of it is!” Dean screams, and Castiel can feel his omega shaking. “I couldn’t choose between you, and ‘cause of that, I practically signed your fucking death sentences—”
“Please, Anna, put me out of misery,” Dean mumbled. He was officially at the mercy of whatever vigilante plan his friend had cooked up. “Do you have a way to get the fuck out of this mess, or not?”
“What’s with the intervention? I work when I wanna work, end of story. I don’t come into your departments and tell you how to run them.”
Dean grips the steering wheel of the Impala, noticing how white his knuckles are beneath all the grime. He still can’t quite comprehend everything that’s happened the last few hours—leaving Purgatory, following Michael’s spell and assembling the sphere, driving hours into the night before reaching the casino. They had survived another run-in with Chuck, but just barely. The ruler of the goddamn universe considers them his puppets, and all Dean can do is swallow down a whole list of accusations he wants to fling in Sam’s direction. After everything that’s happened, how could he have hesitated? What could Chuck have shown him that was so terrible? At least Sam’s wound is healed…even if Chuck had to crush Sam’s sense of hope just to achieve that. He’ll bounce back. Sam always does.
Castiel had expected the morning-after to include some awkwardness—not only from personal experience, but because Dean might be suppressing panic or regret. He certainly would not be the first, and Castiel wouldn’t have taken it personally. Well...at least he would have tried not to. Still, he was pleasantly surprised when they enjoyed a hot shower together, washing each other’s backs and laughing at the small size of the clawfoot, maintaining their natural ease and newfound intimacy all morning long. Dean put his jeans on from yesterday (tossing the stained panties, much to Castiel’s dismay) and borrowed a flannel from the closet. Dean easily made the checkered red pattern look ten times better—according to Castiel, anyways. They managed to make it through the lobby without running into Donna or Doug, something he was immensely thankful for. Even though Dean claimed he didn’t care what his friends thought, Castiel knew firsthand how difficult the coming-out process could be.
Dean nodded, feeling a renewed sense of hope. The farm was about four miles from town, but Cas was in great shape, always biking and running in his free time. It was possible he had made it there in thirty or forty minutes, an hour tops, and had just been waiting for Dean to come home…
“Good news?” Dean’s throat feels dry, his stomach fluttering with nerves. He puts a hand on his stomach, already feeling a little softer than usual. “How…?” He sets his mug on the counter with a definite clink. “How do you know? I haven’t told anybody.”
“Yeah, yeah, my bad. I totally forgot to call, but I’m gonna have to cancel.” Dean moved the receiver from his lips and mouthed “Bobby.” Castiel nodded sympathetically. “I, uh, am actually heading to New York for a funeral.”
“Nope, we’re not doing this,” he declares firmly. “I’m not gonna be some weepy groom who spends the whole day crying. I
Dean reached forward, intending to silence whatever counter-argument Castiel was forming with the strongest defense. He pulled him forward. In the middle of a busy bar. In the middle of a busy airport. And kissed him.
“The other alphas?” Dean repeated. But Charlie was already walking past him, retrieving a clipboard from a nearby table and flipping through her notes. Dean turned back to Donna and Crowley, who...yes, he could smell it now. He had been distracted before, hoping to catch a glimpse of Cas. But now he caught the scent—loud and clear.
“Not yet,” John shouts back from the down the hallway, “can’t find hardly anything in this damn closet…”
“I suspect he’s been drinking in excess and fretting about the book,” Castiel said, still frowning. “He said…” He took a long breath and steadied himself, still in disbelief that the conversation had even taken place. “Anna, he said someone has been trying to sabotage our relationship.”
And yet, even though he was feeling a variety of emotions towards his author-turned-boyfriend-turned-whatever, he couldn’t deny that it still felt right just to be in Dean’s presence. Riding together in the car, his awareness of Dean’s body grew more and more as the minutes passed, heightened because he couldn’t reach over and touch Dean’s knee, or stretch over for a quick kiss. Every time Dean’s hand reached down to put on his turn signal, or fiddle with the travel mug of coffee Jess had packed him, Castiel felt his heart pound. It had been weeks since they had denied themselves physical contact, and Castiel wasn’t sure he was going to survive eight hours of the cold shoulder treatment. It was maddening.
“I know people,” Dean mumbles vaguely, not wanting to give his cards away, but Crowley shoots him an impatient glare until he relents. “Fine. Chuck Novak. Remember ‘im?”
Zachariah huffed viciously, evidently processing Castiel’s words and disagreeing with them vehemently. He took a long sip of his scotch, smacking his lips together.
“I didn’t have chocolates on my—oh, you’re joking,” Castiel says, and Dean laughs softly. “Well, I suppose there were moments I enjoyed myself. But most days I loathed all the vapid, wealthy people rubbing elbows with my parents, all the parties they dragged me to, the pretentious boarding school where I was shipped off each year. I was surrounded by inauthentic people for most of my life.”
“How did you…” Castiel pulls the sheet closer to him, trying to hide his nakedness, to put a protective layer between them. He shakes his head, attempting to locate his resolve. His omega can’t stay. He can’t stay. He can’t.
Despite himself, Castiel smiles minutely, imagining a teenage Dean wearing tights and an outrageously fluffy hat. “Dean can act?”
From the inside the fridge, Charlie groaned. “Dude, how many times have I told you not to make Buffy jokes until you finish the series?” She passed beers to Sam and Anna, opening her own can with a metallic-sounding pop. Dean lifted his eyebrows at her, silently requesting one from the fridge, but Charlie took a long sip and shook her head.
“What can I tell you, babe? Shoulda used reverse psychology.” Dean’s lips wandered down, knees bending slightly before taking Castiel’s nipple gently between his teeth. Castiel buckled, hands spreading against the shower tiles, fingers grasping the air. He came with a low whimper in Dean’s fist, and as his labored breathing tapered off, he lifted Dean by the chin and brushed their lips together. They inched their way closer to the shower spray, Dean washing his hands and Castiel’s softening cock. Before he knew it, Castiel’s hands were reaching for Dean’s erection, a very pointed look in his eyes, and—
“After that I slept in parks, which in my case, turned out to be safer. I somehow got a job as a busboy, but still hadn’t saved up enough for my own place, so I slept anywhere I could. Public bathrooms, libraries, buses. Parks were my favorite, since it reminded me of being outside and tending to the bees...the only part of home I missed. A few times I got citations for loitering.” He took a deep breath, willing himself to finish. He had never told anyone this story. “One morning I woke up and there was a man sitting on my bench. I had fallen asleep reading, I believe it was a Sylvia Plath chapbook. I couldn’t stop reading one of her poem’s... ‘Elm.’ Do you know it?”
“Nope,” Dean says resolutely, without giving his logic much thought. Sam sighs, like he’s been readying himself for this discussion, but now Dean has developed a stronger reasoning. “I really don’t think—”
Dean was distantly aware that Cas was speaking, but it wasn’t until he heard his name—or, rather, his alias—that his mind wandered back to the case.
future. It’s ridiculously early for that, I know, but Dean. I can’t deny that what I feel for you, it’s…”
Silently Castiel and Bobby watch the buzz of families walking to and from the various buildings. Some of the older pack members seem to recognize Castiel, but very few come up to offer condolences. There’s a pecking order, an unspoken hierarchical system, and with Chuck gone that makes Castiel…
Castiel tucks his lips and nose in closer, panting quietly in Dean’s ear and giving them both goosebumps. “I would be very pleased to find you in my bed tonight,” Castiel rumbles, and he can feel the energy around them shift—the scent of arousal clouding the air, the electricity between them pulsating.
Sam cleared his throat. “On second thought,” he said, breaking the silence, “you guys will be just fine.”
“Oh, right.” He waved a dismissive hand. “Apologies, Mr. Winchester. We have so many books to publish that it’s difficult to keep track of all the minute details. Not to go for a cliché in a room full of editors, but I’m a very busy man.” Castiel barely refrained from rolling his eyes. “What was the issue with the feedback I provided?”
Before Dean or Cas could say a word, recognition seemed to spread on Joshua’s face, a dramatic gasp coloring his features. He opened his mouth to speak but no sound escaped.
“Oh, uh, right.” Dean clears his throat and looks away, wishing on every molecule of pride he has left that he’s not gonna push Cas away with his awkwardness. And wishing that he had a beer in hand, like
“I was here about two hours ago,” Dean admitted, cheeks flushing. “I, uh, made the night guy open up your room. Pretty sure he thought I was a nut job, but whatever.”
“Any reason for the change in venue?” Dean quipped, wondering how long he could realistically keep his knees like this before he grew sore. Farming kept him in good shape, sure, but he wasn’t exactly flexible.
The man hadn’t seemed unusually open or outgoing, so Dean typed out words like “shy” and “timid” before shaking his head. No, that wasn’t right. He replaced them with “coy” and “kind” and “self-assured” and felt much better about that assessment. He mentioned his observation about the books, hypothesizing that Castiel was probably a grad student with a high reading workload, maybe something like English or Literature. His bizarre attire could make him an adjunct professor, sure, but Dean figured the trench coat was probably just a personality quirk. The kind of thing Castiel would wear regardless of the setting, ‘cause he was kinda badass and nerdy that way.
He stood up and stretched, then crossed back into his hotel room, sliding the balcony door behind him. He checked his phone, rolling his eyes at Anna’s texts from the night before. She was angry with him for leaving, and kept demanding to know what had caused Dean and Castiel to have such a severe falling out in only twenty minutes’ time. Castiel had been vague, internally debating if he should tell anyone at all. Though he found Dean insufferable, it wasn’t his place to tarnish the author’s relationship with Chuck or Anna.
They walked through the lobby, which was had a few stragglers headed in the same direction as them. They all crossed the threshold of the auditorium soon enough, doorway wide and open, and Dean…well, he tried containing his surprise. While the auditorium certainly wasn’t standing-room only, it was definitely full, with only stray seats of ones and twos remaining. The walls were a stark white with some decorative arch work adorning the sides, the seats blue-cushioned. The stage was a glossy oak and filled with furniture: two podiums with microphones, and in a row, three small tables with a pair of two chairs behind each one. Before he could comprehend what that might mean—why the hell would so many people be up there on stage? Wasn’t it just supposed to be him, Cas, and Charlie?—the redhead in question was yanking insistently on Dean’s sleeve.
, I love you. I love you so much it hurts. But how were we ever supposed to make this work? You live there and I live here and we’ll never be in the same place, and I’ve ruined everything, but fuck, I need you. I need you so badly. Cas—”
“That night I shifted, got into a scuffle with a demon and managed to break free. I overheard two of them discussing the gates and Novak blood and hightailed it outta there. But Mom, Anna, Luc, Michael…” Gabriel is less lighthearted now, more somber and silent. He swallows hard. “Let’s just say it was too late to help them. So I ran by myself, went deep into hiding. I thought about reaching out to Becky—”
“Dean.” Standing in the forest now, Castiel wraps his hands gently around Dean’s elbows, and the omega leans into the touch, their foreheads touching. “We…” He licks his lips, feeling Dean’s breath ghosting over the cool wetness. How easy it would be to close the distance, to… “We should probably discuss it at some point. The kiss.”
“You-you started mouthing at the panties—big, sloppy kisses. Then you used your tongue to trace the outline of my dick.”
“N-nothing,” the man said quietly, leaning back in his chair, his guarded confidence suddenly turning meek. His wife sitting beside him, silent up until this point, squeezed her husband’s hand.
A few minutes later, after Dean salutes Sam and Bobby a quick goodbye, he ducks into his bedroom and calls Cas. It rings and rings, and the voicemail picks up. The automated voice bounces around in his ear, there’s an intrusively loud beep, and then…
He pulls out his pair of standard swim trunks, red and a little tight, and passes Cas his back-up pair. He’s not sure his clothes will fit Cas perfectly—he’s slim but his thighs and waist are sturdy and thick—but it’ll be good enough for one night. He hands Cas the suit, mumbling something about going upstairs to change and meeting Cas at the hot tub. He takes the staircase down two at a time, stopping in the half-bath to change, then grabs towels and more beer. Thanks to the two burgers he scarfed down, he’s not even feeling a bit tipsy from his previous drinks. He’s gonna need a little liquid courage if he’s gonna be alone in a hot tub with a half-naked Castiel.
“Huh,” he says, holding up the phone as if it’s a prize he’s been searching for, “guess you didn’t get any of my calls, then?”
Castiel smiles, so blinding and pure that Dean can’t help but match it. And then Castiel is touching Dean’s cock and he moans, remembering that he’s been hard for fucking ever at this point. Cas straddles him, widening his hips and sinking down, and it occurs to Dean belatedly that Castiel intends to ride him.
He let out a little gasp on instinct, and Castiel rumbled in his ear, “Can you blame me? You look so…” He whispered a few words in Russian that Dean had never heard before, but was pretty sure he could guess the meaning.
Anna was assigned his primary editor, and he worked closely with her during the eight-month process of writing his third book,
Dean turned around slowly, plastering on a blank and neutral expression, and finally faced the ragtag team sitting around his kitchen table.
Standing in the motel room he held his breath, shaking. His eyes searched Castiel’s face, looking for any flicker or reaction, any sort of giveaway that his notecard-gesture had done its job and things between them might finally be fixed. But Cas, in his rumpled white button-up and tousled hair, was strangely unreadable—his gaze alternating between the words in Dean’s hand, to the ones (apparently) written all over his face.
“Still true,” Dean said jokingly, fingers stroking Castiel’s back. “And then you called me...fuck, what was it?”
Well, there you have it. The end of my first ever fic! If you enjoyed this story, please drop me a comment or two and let me know! I'd love to hear from anyone and everyone!
“The Curse of Heaven,” Rowena translates finally, as if reading Castiel’s thoughts, and he tilts his head, trying to figure out how something like Heaven could be anything but good. He had been raised religiously—though with plenty of were lore and nature worship woven in—and has always had positive feelings about the possibility of the afterlife.
“I’ll do whatever I can to help,” Castiel said, feeling honored that Anna trusted him this much...and a little uneasy at the thought of corresponding with Dean. If he really was struggling, they might have to exchange phone calls or do some video conferencing. How could Castiel maintain his professionalism with someone
He squeezes Dean’s wrist reassuringly, and whispers, “Can I see you after…?” It’s as intimate as he’s willing to be with John watching them, but there are so many things he wants to do with Dean while he’s home…so many conversations they need to have. Dean only nods, though seems less irritated than he had a moment ago. He waves a quick goodbye and heads east, towards the community center, while Castiel and John remain north. They’re only a few yards away from the edge of the tree cover, and once they reach the property again, Castiel notices lights on every porch and strings of lanterns scalloped in the trees. He can see John properly for the first time, and fights the urge to cringe. His earlier suspicions had been correct...the alpha looks worn around the edges, both bulky and haggard. It reminds Cas of the people he’s encountered in the city—a sort of blank and hopeless expression blanketing their features.
“Apologies, professor,” he grumbled, pouring coffee into two mugs and joining Castiel at the table. Castiel cut his eyes at Dean, but took the coffee anyways. By now it was nearly lunchtime, a little late for a morning jolt, but Dean hadn’t slept or ate much lately. He needed something to keep him upright, and figured his new editor might disapprove of whiskey before noon.
Dean has to get back home to his alpha, has to move John along before they’re both stuck here forever. It’s not even his Heaven but Dean feels completely sidetracked here, overwhelmed by the immensity of seeing his own childhood put on like a live action play. But this isn’t real, it’s a recreation of John’s memory, and they’re both getting
Everything comes back to him in a nauseating jolt and he thinks he might be sick, knowing his memories have been contorted and tampered with, recreated into scenarios that would make him want to never leave.
“We’re just going to hear him out,” Dean points out reasonably, swishing oil around the warm pan before dropping in the ground meat. “If we get a shot at killing Yellow Eyes and making you safe, not to mention save the whole world from the
“All of it.” Dean feels an emotion begin to bubble to the surface and he’s not entirely sure how to process it. “You and me finally getting our shit together. You surviving the trials. Defeating Azazel. Me becoming packmaster. And now this…” His eyes are watering and he takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself down with little effect. “
“Look,” Dean said finally, eyes glued to the steering wheel, “you know I’m not one for chick flick moments, which is one reason why I’d like to file last night’s rom-com behavior under ‘never to be discussed in public, or within a twenty-mile radius of my nosy fucking family.’” Castiel snorted despite himself, but Dean continued. “And the sex...well, that’s the best spank bank material of all fucking time. Best sex of my life, no joke.”
Apart from Cas and Anna, it was the most genuine moment of grief Dean had witnessed all day. He liked this man, whoever he was.
Castiel ordered two whiskeys, neat. The street outside was dark, though the cityscape was brightly lit. It felt strange to be back in the city again—too loud, too busy. After their plane landed, Castiel had taken Dean to his small, four hundred square foot apartment on W 27th. He felt embarrassed by how cramped, yet equally empty, his apartment was. He had furniture, sure...a loveseat, a bistro table with chairs, a small bookshelf. But he had lived in New York City his entire adult life, and never acquired much of what made a home,
thing. We protect each other, we have each other’s backs. At least…” He chuckles darkly, gaze fixated out the window again. “I thought we did.”
“Then do it, Castiel.” He glanced up, startled by Anna’s use of his full name. “Help him, rescue him. And maybe, while you’re there…” She leaned against the wall, tears forming in her eyes. “Rescue yourself, too.”
“Cas…” Dean washes his back, hands slippery with soap. “You know I’m not really into the chick flick thing.”
Dean grips the steering wheel, trying to focus on the road but finding himself unbearably distracted. There’s only a few inches of space between him and Castiel, but it might as well be the length of a football field. They’re stalled at a red light, and the Impala’s brakes creak in a way that let’s Dean know he needs to check the brake pads this weekend. He fiddles with the radio, but all he manages to find are commercials.
Castiel decides to play dumb for the moment and see how Dean’s publicist is going to explain the current mess they’re in. “What situation?” he asks blankly.
“Totally. I haven’t seen him this nervous for a performance since we were high schoolers doing a crappy rendition of
He’s babbling now, he knows that, but aren’t prayers supposed to be a stream of consciousness? He closes his eyes, gearing himself up for the hardest thing he’s yet to say.  “And I-I forgive you. Of course I forgive you. I’m sorry it took me so long…I’m sorry it took me till now to say it.” Fuck, what if he’s dead? What if Dean’s last words to one of the most important people in his life are fading away into the air, never to be heard by anyone?
Sam and Dean finish assembling the remaining necessities for breakfast—including real milk and real butter, wow, Dean is pretty sure Sam hasn’t consumed this much unfiltered dairy in years—and they dig into their feast earnestly. Dean is on his fourth waffle and seventh piece of bacon when he feels the clasp of his jeans push against his belly, and he shifts in his seat and puts his fork down, finally coming up for air.
“Castiel.” There was a hand on his shoulder, and Castiel turned on instinct, recognizing the voice. He clasped Joshua solidly on the back and pulled him closer.
“So get this,” Sam said eventually, breaking the silence. Dean and Cas glanced up. “Over the centuries, at least a dozen people have died in the church, usually from natural causes. But then there’s this one guy, Edward Lowry. He might be our guy.”
“I talked to him for you,” Jody whispers, pulling them close. “Once he heard Dean call the wolf ‘Castiel’ he seemed…different. Interested.”
And then he’ll hold him, his husband and packmaster, until they gather enough energy to do it all again.
“Sounds like you’re enjoying yourself,” Castiel comments, sliding the porch door behind him. Dean tries not to gape, but holy hell, Castiel is doing things to those swim trunks that should be downright illegal. His stomach is toned, his hips wide and well-muscled, and Dean’s not sure how he ended up here but he’s thanking his lucky stars that he
“Do you want…” Castiel’s voice is a low, gravel-filled rumble and he isn’t sure how to phrase his question. As usual, his omega seems to follow his train of thought easily.
Later, Sam and Dean arrive outside the community center to find it…completely transformed. He hadn’t wanted to tell Cas, but just hours ago, he had been pretty concerned about the state of their wedding venue. Not for himself, but for Cas
“Park a street over,” he instructed, pointing to a side street he knew had a parking lot. “We should walk the rest of the way.”
He takes off running, stumbling and tripping back down the path, heading back towards the outside of the tomb.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Castiel points out evenly. The car is loud with silence—the creak of drafty walls, the leather of the steering wheel clinging to Dean’s hands.
“So we blackmail him,” Jody says simply, as if the thought should have occurred to them already. Dean raises his eyebrows, not quite following.
After several minutes of blissful stillness, Castiel was the first one to speak. “I don’t know what that means, by the way.”
She waves a nonchalant hand, neck craned down towards her iPad. Dean’s sorta glad she’s distracted, ‘cause having this type of talk has always made him feel awkward as fuck.
“Fuck this,” he mumbles to himself, deciding here and now to stop that train of thought before it goes any further. It’s tradition for the pack to attend funerals fully shifted, so that’s what Dean does instead, stepping out in the evening coolness in nothing but his birthday suit. He quiets his mind and reaches for his second nature, the feeling easy and natural, like stepping through a doorway that was already left ajar. It’s widely known in were circles that turning becomes easier the more often you do it, sort of “practice makes perfect” or whatever, and he’s been shifting almost everyday since he was a child. It’s an unconscious gesture at this point, inhaling a breath on two feet and then exhaling on four paws.
Dean didn’t have to be told twice—he sat his ass down, spun to face Castiel, and opened his legs wide and inviting. He reached up, twisting a hand in Castiel’s blue tie, and pulled him down for a searing kiss. Castiel responded enthusiastically, head tilting as he deepened their embrace, hands scrambling around Dean’s shoulders. Dean drew him closer, feeling the solid pressure of Cas’ body rubbing against his spread legs. His cock began to show interest
“Cas and I aren’t…” he begins to argue, but stops short, biting his lip. He doesn’t actually know if they’re true mates or not, but the way they can occasionally communicate telepathically is—suspicious.
“Mike and Angel.” Dean finished the sentence numbly, distantly, as if this was always the catastrophe he had been spiraling towards, as if his entire fictional world hadn’t just caught flame, burning before his eyes.
All too soon it was morning, bright light filling the cracks in the barn. His cell phone was ringing.
The alpha’s eyes fly open wide and he whines, staring at the ceiling, chest panting. Of all the things he thought his omega might want to try, this wasn’t on his short list. But it’s somewhat of a dark and arousing sex dream of his and has been for years. Being so overcome with lust and longing that he fucks a human omega while he’s still in his were form…
“You are very famous,” Castiel added, stating it as a fact instead of a compliment. Dean found the man’s tone threw him off-balance for a moment, but Castiel’s open gaze never seemed to waver. Dean was used to new talent trying to cozy up to him, even flirt with him to try and further their career. He knew somehow, an instinct maybe, that Castiel wasn’t one of those people.
does he look tan this summer. He runs a hand over his face, wondering if he should’ve shaved, but he prefers a little bit of shadow…plus, his skin is less likely to be irritated by Cas’ stubble if he has a layer of his own. And no way he’s asking Cas to shave, ‘cause yeah…it’s sexy as fuck when it’s wild. He adds a little gel to his hair, and spritzes on a cologne that accentuates his own natural, sagey sent.
“Wait for me to get there,” Bobby commands, but Dean’s hand is already on the car door handle. He’s noticed some movement in the woods, perhaps the size of a large animal, and he knows without
but he was fuming, nearly unconscious with rage. He turned sharply and glared at them both, faces mirrored with worry and empathy. And fuck that, no way, they were partially to blame here too. As selfish as it was, in that moment, he wanted them to feel just as bad as he did.
whimper, pushing his groin further into the mattress, feeling weightless and aroused. He wants, and he wants badly. Suddenly his hips are being pulled upright, his limbs being moved for him, and then he’s straddling Castiel’s lap, looking him in the eye again for the first time in a while. He dominates Dean with a bruising kiss, firm and wet and overpowering, and Dean melts against him. When Castiel’s hand wraps around his cock and strokes him, the same warmth from the massage makes his dick feel hot and tingly, and he moans into Castiel’s open mouth and comes instantly, spilling over Castiel’s hand as his vision spots. He falls backwards until he’s staring back up at the ceiling, utterly spent. It happened so fast, but in another sense, it took hours.
“Dean, Castiel!” Jess called out sweetly, waving them towards the porch. They shrugged at each other and starting walking—Castiel pushing his bike, Dean with his hands in pockets. They walked close together but didn’t touch, didn’t speak, filled with a tension that Dean couldn’t identify.
A few hours later it was Jess, not Sam, who picked him up from the airport. It was the middle of the afternoon and Sam was busy at the office, which honestly suited Dean just fine. Sam knew next to nothing about what was going on and would want to have A Talk once he was in the loop again, which Dean was nowhere near ready for. He was still shaken and queasy from the flight, fighting the urge to reach out to Cas even though it had just been a few hours. He needed time and space to figure all this shit out, and if he talked to Cas about it now, they’d just end up arguing again. Jess mercifully left him alone with his thoughts—though she was just as nosey as her moose of a husband—and when they pulled into the gravel driveway, Dean practically wept with joy. The quiet, the hills, the smell of tobacco barns burning. He had missed this.
Dean moves stealthily under the sheet, crawling between Castiel’s legs carefully, hoping not to wake him. To his utter delight, Castiel is only wearing a pair of boxers, and Dean gets to leave kisses on his neck, his collarbones, his abdomen, his thighs. Castiel stirs and hums above him, but still seems very much asleep. He must be a morning wood kinda guy, because he’s half-hard when Dean snakes his hand into Cas’ boxers. He stiffens immediately under Dean’s strokes, his feet shuffling against the sheets, and Dean grins and lowers his mouth. He could slowly adjust Castiel to the sensation, but after being under Cas’ thumb last night, part of him wants to inflict a little torture of his own. He takes a deep breath and takes Castiel’s cock as far into his mouth as he can, the cockhead bumping the back of his throat. The moan Dean hears is downright pornographic, and he hums with excitement when he feels the sheet being tossed off his back. He flutters his eyes up at Castiel, who’s wide-eyed now and panting, and pops off long enough to lick and suck at the head hungrily.
Castiel shouts and follows, experiencing the most intense orgasms of his life as he pumps Dean full, coming for so long that he slumps down and exhales, feeling wobbly and drained. They’re linked together for an immeasurable amount of time waiting for Cas’ knot to gradually unswell, so they brush lips and kiss gently, never speaking but holding each other and breathing heavily, the disbelief of having sex
he is with how things went down in the Impala, but somewhere along the way his projected acceptance becomes muddled with safety and trust, devotion and affection, and a devastatingly powerful surge of adrenaline that feels a lot like…love. Castiel gasps, fingers clutching the material of Dean’s shirt, twisting and wrinkling the cotton. Dean opens his eyes and Cas’ gaze is locked on him, suggestive and stunned, as though he’s about ready to pin Dean to the couch and have his way with him. Dean can’t look away, licking his lips unconsciously as Castiel mirrors the movement, their bond swelling to evocative new heights that make Dean want to...
He’s so lost in his own thoughts that he almost doesn’t notice how Dean, bowlegs already widening his gait, is shuffling uncomfortably across the kitchen. Castiel frowns, head tilted over his shoulder.
Dean twisted his torso and drew closer, hands sliding to Castiel’s neck as if it belonged there. “I’m sure about
“Hey,” Dean said softly. Castiel craned his neck, feeling stiff and unsettled. They were still in the Impala and it was dark outside, the only light cascading from a nearby street lamp.
“Nervous,” Cas supplies, and he’s smirking now, a look that’s annoying and totally not hot on him. Nope. Zero percent hotness coming from Cas’ general vicinity at the moment.
“Did the bartender tell you what had Aaron been doing that night?” Sam asked Castiel, his expression thoughtful.
His earlier resolve at the diner—the reckless impulse to confess everything—had started to wane. Part of him was angry at Sam for thwarting his attempt, worried he would never be able to tap into that instinctual bravery again. Had he simply lost his nerve? No, it was more than that. There was another part of him—a much larger part, at the moment—that was thankful his brother had stopped him. He still wanted Cas, that hadn’t changed and probably never would. But right now, his want was overpowered by the desperate fear of messing this up. Could he really jeopardize their friendship just because of
Both their hands are starting to sweat and Dean feels awkward, having the soap opera of their relationship aired out in a summary for all the wedding guests. But still—it’s sweet in a strange way. It feels deeply significant, powerful and true.
“What do you say?” Castiel smiles at him broadly, and a distant part of Dean’s brain is tempted to call it
Castiel looks like he’s debating something, eyes darting around between the song list and his guitar. Finally, he folds the paper up and slips it into his sweater pocket before sliding his acoustic guitar strap back over his shoulder.
So, yeah, the immediate follow-up meeting with a nameless big wig hadn’t exactly surprised Dean. Before this happened he had kept his nose to the ground for over four months, trading off with Benny and cleaning every other morning and evening, putting his headphones in and being the silent janitor-type. He had worked on autopilot, clocking in and out of this part-time gig to help with the cost of Sammy’s senior year of high school.
Dean had missed a call from Ellen yesterday, but he’d been in a potion-induced nap. When he woke up, he figured she was just calling to see how he was feeling, and had forgotten to call her back. “I’ll call her later.”
exactly she was studying when it came to alphas and omegas. On one hand, it made sense—if he knew too much about it, he might end up ruining her project.
It had all happened so fast…the fight, the reconciliation, the rut, the sex. Looking back, Dean wasn’t sure he was okay spreading his legs before he even got to have a fucking conversation with Cas. But hadn’t he initiated things? The whole jumbled up order of things was starting to mess with him.
“If it’s possible to confirm through genetic and cultural study, I feel confident concluding that Dean and Castiel are true mates,” Charlie said matter-of-factly. “Follow-up with the pair will better confirm this, but all the evidence I’ve collected over the past four months makes an incredibly strong case. To me, this is not just a result of biology, but choice and chance, something not even social science can quantify.”
Still, despite his obvious frustration, whenever Dean noticed Castiel shivering he sighed and took long step forward. He slipped Castiel’s suit jacket off, folding it carefully on the counter. He loosened his tie, holding the knot in his hand, and managed to give Castiel a small, closed-mouth smile.
On the way out, he bumped into a man who was practically running inside. He was slightly taller than Castiel, more muscular in the arms and shoulders. They collided
He was even more attractive in-person, because God hated Castiel and wanted him to suffer. Dean had short, sandy brown hair that still looked wet from the shower; he was wearing torn and stained jeans and a threadbare t-shirt; in fact, apart from the folder in his hand, he looked completely unprepared for this meeting. His eyes grew wide as he considered Castiel, perhaps realizing
Dean blinked, looking at the page he had randomly opened, and sure enough. That was not English. Oops.
The next day’s session with Dean made Castiel feel as though he was holding his breath for thirty continuous minutes. Just being in the omega’s presence made his body feel taut and edgy, as if he was on the right track being around Dean but something was still missing. Honestly, when it came to their interactions, many things were missing. For a month they had relied entirely on sight in order to learn about each other—and while Castiel had surmised quite a bit from Dean’s body movements, eye contact, posture, and gestures—it wasn’t enough.
been told my wand work is quite skillful,” he said, and Charlie groaned and chuckled. She opened her mouth again, likely to continue with more
get—and he brushes his ankles and shins with the barest of touches. He breathes through his nose, adjusting to the sleep-warm temperature, before experimentally touching Dean’s cock through the fabric of his boxers. He’s half-hard, evidently fallen asleep that way, and he rouses slightly in his sleep at the gentle caress. Castiel smiles to himself and loops his fingers into the waistband, sliding the garment down and off. He widens Dean’s stance, crouches down in a somewhat comfortable position, and opens his mouth wide.
“Oh,” Dean says back, because he’s so dumbstruck that he can barely move. “Well, uh, you too. You’re really good, man. And I’m not just saying that ‘cause you covered my song and made me wanna cry like a fucking baby.”
Dean chuckles darkly, opening his eyes and wiping the sleep from his eyes. “Whatever I feel for Cas doesn’t matter. Lawrence is barely a blip on his radar, man. Can’t get attached to someone I can’t have.”
worth it.” Their foreheads rest against each other, Castiel petting his omega’s back in gentle, unhurried strokes. It’s relaxing and Dean’s eyes flutter shut.
“You’re...quite possibly the best, most interesting, most challenging man I’ve ever met,” Castiel admitted quietly. Dean was motionless while the words sunk in, terrified of moving or speaking and breaking the spell. Normally he would refuse compliments like these, would shake them off with a joke, but he didn’t want to do that anymore. Not right now. Not with Cas.
Castiel chuckled. Dean was still shirtless and he held Dean from behind, kissing Dean’s shoulder blades, embracing him closer. “Let’s make it an early breakfast. Waffles on me.”
“Mom,” Sam whines, already unusually tall for his age, “tell Dean that he has to let me play with Cas, too—”
Castiel couldn’t stop the smirk from forming on his lips. His brother might be older than him, but Castiel had never been one to let himself be walked all over. His brothers Michael and Lucifer had tested his resolve for years, but he had refused to back down, even when he informed them about his plans to pursue teaching instead of joining the lucrative family business. Once he enrolled in Stanford’s PhD program and his family realized how serious he was, Castiel had been effectively cut off from the Novak family funds. That was another reason why he had enrolled in the case study. A grad school budget was tight, and every little bit helped.
. Despite their active evening...and morning...activities, there were a variety of things between them still left unspoken. Castiel wished he could reach across the table, close the distance between them and hold Dean’s hand. But they were in public now and things were different. In a small town like this, they had to be.
“Thank you for your help. We’ll be back tonight to continue our investigation,” he said, using his best “official” FBI voice.
“I dunno what you’re talking about,” he mutters, though it’s futile. Sam’s already gotten his number.
“Charlie,” he growled, hoping his voice would carry. Her head snapped up quickly but her eyes returned to her papers. She looked strangely...guilty. Dean walked towards her in long strides and spoke in a whisper, not wanting Cheery Minnesota Blondie and Annoying English Accent over there to overhear.
“Oh, you Winchesters…” Crowley pulls out a chair, the sound echoing in the otherwise silent room. “Years ago, when I knew Azazel was plotting to open the gates, I asked my mother to
“It’s not your fault, not entirely. That wasn’t the only ultimatum you were given,” Cas said evenly. “Zachariah gave you another one, four days ago. Didn’t he?”
Castiel took a deep breath, deciding not to let Dean’s attitude deter him. “When I was fifteen, my mother, Naomi, found my diary. And read it.” Dean stayed silent, but Castiel knew he had piqued the man’s interest. “I had written all about my first boyfriend, Raphael.”
Dean nodded lamely, scrambling for what to say. “Mind if I call you Cas? The, uh, other option is kind of a mouthful.”
. Charlie’s voice is teasing and somewhat snide and Dean increases his speed from a trot to a gallop, hoping the distance will keep the radius of Charlie’s thought at bay.
“It’s backwards,” he commented, almost fondly, but there was still an uneasy edge to his voice. He untucked Castiel’s shirt and began unbuttoning it, peeling it off his arms and shoulders. Once he was shirtless, Dean’s hands stroking his arms urgently for warmth, Castiel felt the panic from the funeral begin to slowly fade.
How in the world had this happened? He locks his phone screen and groans, standing up and shuffling to the bookshelf in the hallway. Every step weighs him down, makes him feel sluggish and sweaty and sick, but maybe he can distract himself from
“Who cares, Cas?” Dean shoots over his cockiest grin and Castiel almost surrenders. “We’re together, that’s all that matters.”
“So you’ll keep me around for my handiness. Good to know,” Dean mused jokingly. Rather than respond appropriately, with a laugh or a grin, Castiel tilted his head, thinking. Dean seemed to do this often—refuse compliments, make light of his intelligence and talents. It was the sort of thing Castiel hadn’t been able to pick up on during their previous time together.
Dean snorts before he can stop himself. “Yeah, you’re practically a male model.” He turns, exchanging a brief glance with the rest of his crew, before turning back to face the demon. “Listen, we hear you know how we can take care of the Yellow-Eyed Demon in a, uh, permanent sense.” He waits for Crowley to give something away, to blink or nod or shake his head, but his expression is unnervingly blank. “Is that true?”
“What’s up is…the puppeteers pulled out. They left us a voicemail late last night!” She throws her arms up, clearly in a tizzy. “What are we gonna do?”
kiss they had shared, Castiel had been unable to think about little else, barely able to add anything to the current essay he was working on. To his credit, though, Dean did seem equally affected by the heated moment they had shared—staring hard when he thought Castiel wasn’t looking, finding excuses to brush elbows or pull lint from the front of Castiel’s sweater. It had been an apprehensive few days for them both. They seemed to be holding their breath, wondering what would happen next.
“Thanks for the advanced notice,” Jody replies dryly, and in the background, Dean can hear her giving similar instructions to her deputies. Good—they’re already coming up with an excuse for why the woods should be given a perimeter of officers, road barriers, and emergency tape.
Dean knew that—without a doubt—there was no fucking way for him to be quiet now. The sexiest man he had ever met, aka his boyfriend who he was crazy in love with, was about to pound him into next Tuesday. There was little to no chance of Dean controlling himself around Cas and he knew that. Still, he tilted his head up, filled with feigned confidence, and said, “I can do that.”
of that sentence. As uncomfortable as he feels, he feels the need to play Devil’s advocate. “I’m not entirely comfortable with it either, but it would be excellent representation for the LGBTQ community,” he comments evenly.
“I’d love that,” he said, and Dean beamed and turned up the radio. Castiel felt a little apprehensive about developing a personal relationship with Sam, but now that summer courses were over and fall semester was in full swing, the college sophomore was no longer considered Castiel’s student. If he intended to stay in Dean’s life—which was really no question at this point—Castiel knew that their relationship would require spending a good amount of time with each other’s brothers. Thankfully he liked Sam, truly and genuinely, and looked forward to getting to know him better outside of the classroom.
the hell you wanna call it. They’re two dudes who wanna bone and I can’t seem to stop it. I’ve always been—I mean,
“Seriously, Dean?” Sam says, staring at him as he fidgets. He starts laughing and Dean—checking to make sure none of his kiddos are closeby—shoots him the bird. “Just go already.”
“You have enough tension in your body to build a bridge,” Castiel says, spreading his palms and steering his attention to Dean’s shoulders. “Do you know what pleasures me the most, Dean?”
Honestly, he was getting borderline whiny about the wait when Cas slapped his ass playfully and added a third finger. Dean moaned at the tight burn, breathing through it and enjoying the fullness, so turned-on by this point he figured there were streaks of precome on the table. They would probably need to disinfect all of Cas’ furniture at some point, especially the table, but damn if it wasn’t worth it.
“I’ve been in love with Cas for most of my life.” Dean strokes his cheek, their eyes locked. “So, yeah, check ‘yes’ to all of the above and let’s get this show on the road.”
“You know about Chuck?” Dean asked in disbelief. He supposed he shouldn’t be surprised—just because Chuck kept Joshua a secret from the people he loved, didn’t mean Joshua was obligated to do the same.
magic,” she jokes, winking as she balls up her the wrappers of her lunch. Dean nods in complete agreement—he would be more scared of Charlie than most of his fellow wizards—and he wonders suddenly what he’ll find out about Castiel tonight. Does he have magic? Was he teaching a magic course at Stanford or a more traditional, academic one? And what, for the love of god, does any of that have to do with the one word Sam let slip?
to do—get turned down, get fired. Nothing stunk worse than a rejected omega, and Sam and Bobby would ask questions, and the whole thing would become an embarrassing mess. Or he could throw in the towel, admit to himself that even though Cas obviously found him attractive, that’s as far as their unlikely—what, friendship?—could go. Then he could keep his job, and buy Sammy all the pointless shit all the other seniors stuffed their lockers with. He could force himself to forget about Cas, and hey, if he drunk himself into a stupor for a few days, that was just a bonus…
The angel tried to shield himself from the attack, but he couldn’t raise his arms. The ambush picked up speed, dozens of stones hitting him at once, brutal and unyielding. He couldn’t stop himself from crying out, the pain vibrating inside his bones, making his head spin. If he had been human he might’ve died already.
All day long he had felt clammy and snappish, disinterested in food, his skin raw and sensitive to the touch. He had half a mind to cancel on Charlie and take a sick day…and the way Dean had acted last week had tempted him to postpone their weekly meeting anyways. But the thought of leaving things unsettled between them for another week was enough to make Castiel power through all his classes, though he looked unwell enough for many of his students (including Sam, observant as he was) to notice. By the time he arrived in building fifty and entered their room, he was nearly five minutes late, which had never happened. Whatever unyielding, defensive mask Dean had been wearing slowly slipped off when the alpha entered. At Castiel’s disheveled appearance, Dean looked at Castiel with worry in his eyes.
“Dean.” They shake hands, grips equally firm, and hold hands for long enough that Dean wonders if people notice. “Which one of ‘em is yours?”
“What’s there to explain?” Dean huffs, shoving another plug into the outlet. “‘Everybody needs the light.’”
“I think so. But Nathaniel was already damned, in his mind at least. Edward had ruined his chance at salvation and then he wanted to leave him. That’s why Nathaniel stoned him. That’s why he targets people doubting their homosexual relationship—they represent Edward all over again.”
He pulls up close to the bunker, and they heft John in through the doorway, his head lolling to the side. They shuffle down the hallway and plop him onto his bed, still fully clothed and saturated in whiskey, and Dean winces at the sight
Dean huffs a breath in annoyance. “Fine. So me and Cas, we kinda…fucked while he was still shifted.” His face is burning red, his skin tingling with embarrassment, but he can’t back down now.
Or maybe Castiel could find the strength to do it. Dean was pretty damn sure that continuing with this ridiculous experiment after everything he had just learned might physically kill him.
“Dean,” Sam says, slack-jawed and sweating. He passes Dean his phone and the omega holds it up to his ear, croaking out a, “Yeah?”
“I should’ve spent these last days preparing,” Castiel says, flooded now with panic, “instead I’ve been…”
bow,” Deanna argued fiercely, without a shred of self-consciousness. Dean frowned and nodded in agreement, threading his hand in her hair and searching for the clasp.
“None,” Dean answered, taking another gulp of his tea. Castiel waited patiently for him to continue, so Dean sighed, and spoke again. “My mother was killed in a house fire and my dad...well, let’s just say we’re estranged. Haven’t seen him in years.”
Dean could practically hear Charlie rolling her eyes. “Your boyfriend has you on a tight leash, huh?”
Castiel sits on his haunches, the intensity of the fire making his fur feel prickly with heat. His older brother, a large white alpha wolf with streaks of gray in his coat, is plopped down beside him. They haven’t officially explained his reappearance yet, there’s been no time, but those on the inside—the Winchesters, the Novaks, the elders and their friends—have obviously already heard about the run-in with Azazel. The remaining pack members are just staring at the wolf, the man they thought long dead, with a sort of supernatural reverence. They need to come clean about everything, and soon…but John Winchester’s funeral isn’t the time or place to celebrate Gabriel’s victorious defeat over death.
“You doing okay?” Charlie’s voice was laced now with noticeable concern. Castiel only nodded stiffly, not trusting himself to say more. “I know it’ll be hard, but I need you and Dean to keep the rules of the study in mind. No talking, no outside contact. Can you do that?”
Castiel nods diplomatically, though he doesn’t loosen his grip. Dean still worms his way up and off the couch, searching the living room for his shoes and car keys.
Everyone laughs, including Dean, and he’s thankful to have the focus off of him for a while. That is, until Charlie says in a somber voice, “We’re just worried about you. Your life outside of work is like, nonexistent.”
Castiel winced, stomach filled with dread, but there was no accusation in Dean’s voice—just curiosity.
“You didn’t want your psycho little bro ruining everything,” Dean offered candidly, and Joshua nodded. “I get it. Zach’s a freaking master at that.”
saw his father. So he had erased all his markings and started again, this time letting the lines go wherever they deemed necessary, unworried about producing something worthy of praise.
Still linked together, the air around them had intensified—some of the professional pretext seeming to drop. Dean, true to form, tried to ease the moment with a chuckle. “You an’ everybody around here, man.”
“Listen, Cas…” Anna’s voice was pressing and allusive and Castiel leaned forward, elbows on his knees. “You’re my best friend. And a good man...one of the best I’ve ever know. But time’s up. I’m afraid you’re going to have to decide.”
“Now, you take—” She reached into the bag slung on her shoulder, pulling out an aerosol spray can. Damn. The part of this whole thing Dean was
“You look like a major douchebag,” he said, smirking. Dean grabbed his wet towel from the floor and threw it at Sam’s head.
“That makes two of us,” Dean mumbled, and everyone turned to him, likely wondering how authentic that confession was. It was the god’s honest truth, and the evidence must’ve been painted all over Dean’s expression.
he hadn’t been dressed yet, so he had grabbed whatever was on the top of his overflowing laundry bin and ran outside, calling Sam, who
Castiel stops abruptly, more closed off than Dean has ever seen him. He wants to keep pushing for answers, but it’s clear that his date is uncomfortable, so he swallows down his curiosity and says, “Is that what you want to be? A teacher?”
Castiel sighs, rubbing a hand on his temple. “You did, and it was very enjoyable. I’ve been wanting to kiss you for a very long time.”
The song changes to a slow and sweet rendition of Princess Leia’s theme song and fuck, this is it, Dean and Cas are getting married. Holy crap. Dean follows the path of flower petals, and from several yards away, he sees Cas doing the same. Spotting his alpha instantly makes his heart pound, but for a much different reason than before. As the future spouse of the packmaster he’s not wearing an annoyingly unflattering robe, but looks like a goddamn vision in his light linen suit, his hair elegant tousled, the top buttons of his navy shirt unbuttoned
“Awesome,” Dean grins, retrieving his old packmaster’s basic flip phone from his back pocket. He finds the number for the mysterious King of Hell and slides the cell into Jody’s hand, elbows posed on the arms of his chair while he waits.
By the time Dean had raked all the leaves, his spirits were a little higher. He could actually appreciate their color, the various shades of red and orange that he looked forward to every year. He gathered them up into jumbo-sized trash bags and piled them outside the barn, knowing Jess might use the leaves for mulch or compost. By the time he was ready to tackle the hay, the sun was high and bright and he was sweating profusely. He needed a coffee break, but he dreaded the goats having to wait for their breakfast any longer—they were bleating unusually loud, and the sound was setting Dean on-edge—so he climbed up the barn’s hayloft ladder and dropped two bales into the goat pen. The goats’ sounds of excitement made Dean smile instinctively, and he almost managed to forget how exceptionally fucked-up his life was at the moment. He left the barn and opened the fence, knowing the goats wouldn’t wait long before digging in. The poly twine was dangerous if they ingested it, so he would need to remove that soon. As soon as he opened the fence, however, he heard a car driving up the gravel driveway.
made Dean feel a deep and unrelenting anguish. Would they—could they—ever recover from this? He wished he could have an emergency session with Bobby right about now.
Bobby’s expression is grim. “Because you’re the only one with a valid claim,” he says, as if this should have occurred to Castiel ages ago. “You’re the only one who can prevent John from taking over the pack and launching us into another goddamn demon war.”
, so this story has been a labor of love on the side. Speaking of love, there's a very physical type of love coming up in this chapter… (of the smutty variety, hehe)
“Okay,” Castiel says simply, and Dean’s shoulders slump down, not realizing how much tension he’d been holding between his shoulder blades. “On one condition.”
“What do you think?” he asks, almost mockingly, and it’s such a fitting response to such a serious question that Dean laughs. Whatever retort he considers gets buried by a kiss, a sudden and soothing gesture, and he wraps his arms around his alpha and deepens it instinctively. Whatever’s to come, they’re no longer stuck in the in-betweens, the what-ifs. They’ve made it through the worst of things, grief and loss and war, and now there’s only the most difficult challenge remaining for Dean and Castiel.
“You, bent over the table.” At those words, Dean’s stomach did a flip. Was he about to get fucked from behind on Cas’ kitchen table and
What worries Dean is the inflamed welt in Castiel’s right hand, the break in the bone around the knuckles that Sam diagnosed as a fracture. At least, they’re
The possibility of his omega being on the other end of that bullet sends a shockwave of strength and adrenaline through him, like a jolt of electricity, and he needs nothing quite as badly now as he needs to see
touch like this. They gaze at each other, long and hard and meaningfully, but apart from a hand on a shoulder or the rarest of hugs, they pointedly avoid all physical touch. They have to.
Castiel gaps at him, but nods. “It’s not a particularly refined area of expertise. I took some courses in college, but it’s not something you can control without focus and…well, practice.”
Castiel leans back against the pillow, considering it. There is a daydream he’s had for quite some time, but they haven’t exactly had the time to discuss it…
“You’ve been busy,” Dean exhales shakily, trying not to notice how incredibly...cute Cas looks, disheveled like this in the middle of a project. The alpha had always loved to paint, had been raised by his mom with a paintbrush in his hand. Dean remembers lazy summers down by the lake, swimming with Sam and Anna and Gabriel while Cas sat at the water’s edge, fixated in front of a canvas, waving at Dean whenever their eyes met.
Which is why it surprised him, just as much as Castiel, when he reached over the desk, hands grappling for Cas’ neck, arms, shoulders…and brushed their lips together. Castiel’s lips were plump and warm and felt
“Oh, oh…Dean…” Castiel’s head bangs against the wall, as if he’s in complete and utter ecstasy. But Dean is just getting started, and his hands slip up Castiel’s hips as he pulls away from Cas’ urgent kisses and sinks to the floor. His knees hit the tile and suddenly his mouth is inches away from Castiel’s erection, all pink and wet and enticing as fuck.
It was a loaded question that Dean decided to answer honestly. “Sure do.” He leaned forward with false bravado. This was it—a month of planning, of scheming. They were finally here, alone. Together. He wasn’t about to throw away all his hard work. “All I’m wonderin’ is…” He leaned closer an additional inch, their hands almost brushing. “What exactly is my punishment?”
Castiel trailed off, uncertain. Dean wondered if it made Cas uncomfortable that a stranger seem to know everything about him, while Castiel was just meeting him for the first time.
“Never miss it,” he tells her honestly, feeling a little more hopeful. The library’s annual spring break picnic is pretty damn legendary. It’s one of Jo’s biggest events of the year, and though he’s never required to work, he and Sammy volunteer as extra hands.
Castiel scans the crowd, trying to gauge each individual reaction. Most seem excited about the unfolding scene, others slightly uneasy about deciding between the two men. He tries to avoid looking at Dean, but he can’t help it—his eyes seek the omega out naturally. Dean is standing in the back of the crowd arguing vehemently with his brother, hands waving manically in the air. Castiel focuses all his senses on their conversation but he’s rusty—the heightened hearing skill is just one of many other “wolf” abilities he’s let slid over the years. He can’t hear a thing and the ambiguity surrounding Dean’s reaction is killing him.
this is happening, he’s about to hook up with Castiel Novak, who he’s been thinking about for way too long—
“She’s sweet and cute, but I dunno…” Dean sighed and reached towards the coffee table for the remote control, which was effectively buried under the contents of Sam’s backpack. “There wasn’t really a spark.”
Castiel feels like an anchor has been dropped inside his stomach, dragging him deep into the ground. “Well, when…when Father…”
“Fuck, Cas,” he whimpers, because the pace the alpha’s setting is too fast and too much and too slow and too light, and he wants more and he wants less, and he feels like he’s already on the verge of coming after an embarrassingly short amount of attention to his downstairs brain. They’re not so much kissing as they are panting into each other’s mouths, and he risks a glance down. The sight is just…
The realization sent a burst of adrenaline through Castiel, and he threw off his trenchcoat and began to shovel more deeply, his thrusts suddenly aggressive. Sam leaned against his own shovel, eyebrows raised.
With a sudden click the call ended. Castiel pulled the phone away, swearing under his breath, fighting the urge to throw the damn thing against the concrete. He redialed Dean’s number, knowing if they just had an honest conversation about this, everything would be fine. Well, not fine...they were about a thousands miles away from “fine.” But Dean’s phone went straight to voicemail...turned off, obviously, which was infuriating to Castiel. He changed tactics, walking towards his apartment again and calling Sam instead. The phone rang and rang… hadn’t Dean said his brother had already left for court? He groaned angrily, stuffing the phone back in his pocket.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed. He seemed genuinely stunned by the bar’s dark history, and Castiel realized again how
Dean squats low, expression heavy with worry. There’s partially dried blood on his hands and Castiel prays it’s not his own. He glances up and over the wolf, looking flushed with panic at something Castiel can’t see.
“Your strength in times of need.” Dean sucks in a breath, exhaling slowly. Is this really happening? Is he allowed to be this happy?
So if you're not subscribed to my author page to see when my new finished story is published…do it now!! I'd love to see some familiar faces in the comment section.
Dean rolls his eyes, kicks off his shoes, and joins his boyfriend. He falls into Castiel’s arms easily, head tucked perfectly on his chest. “I was thinking more like…we can hold each for the next century.”
“Oh.” Castiel nods sympathetically, leans in and kisses his forehead, squeezing his wrist. “Very thoughtful of Sam.” Then he wanders into the bathroom, stripping down and turning on the shower. Dean drinks the contents of the vial before he can think too much about it, before he can wonder or worry or talk himself out of it.
Dean fumes silently in his car for ten minutes before Castiel returns. He’s carrying two arm-fulls of art supplies, and though Dean is curious about what Cas is planning to make, he just opens the trunk and doesn’t ask any questions. He expects his friend to immediately start explaining or apologizing or yelling,
Dean blushed at the statement, running his hands through Cas’ hair. “Eventually I talked you into it, though. Dream-Dean is charming as fuck. And after we got to the taking pants off portion of the evening, you saw my panties and—ah—Cas…” Castiel had taken his nipple into his mouth, swirling his tongue around, biting lightly.
“If I recall correctly, we have some unfinished business in that hot tub,” Castiel whispers, his voice so low and mischievous that Dean shudders, his mouth suddenly parched.
“Are you bowing for our performance or our kiss?” Castiel laughs, joining him in bending over as the fans scream louder.
“Come in,” Castiel says politely, door cracked open wide. He’s covered in paint, he knows, and has a bowl on his easel filled with a composite paste with his father’s ashes mixed in. In other words, he really shouldn’t be entertaining company, but he knows the pack elder is likely here for an important conversation. “Can I get you something to drink?”
“Huh.” He scratches the back of neck, feeling embarrassed by all the accusations he’s slung this guy’s way. “Sorry, man. S’not everyday you think a guy is blowing you off, but turns out he’s just got a twin. That’s some soap opera crap.”
How's everyone doing? Cuddled up on your couch? Reading in bed? Still reeling from tonight's episode? (Don't spoil me—I haven't watched yet!)
Dean chuckles nervously, easing his foot back on the gas as traffic begins to lurch forward. “Uh, well, I just found out my date is basically a sex god. Gives a guy a little performance anxiety.” He meant it as a joke, but it’s so close to the truth that Dean chokes on his spit and starts coughing.
Until there are hands pining his shoulders back. His hands are halted and he growls, fighting against the solid hold. He’s hit with the scent of another alpha, a familiar alpha, but he just can’t place who it is right now.
“Dad,” Dean begins evenly, hoping he can start with logic then work his way up to pleas, “it’s time to go.”
“Me?” Dean asks incredulously. He looks at his brother and Cas, hoping one of them will agree that this is lunacy, but neither of them seem to.
“So, this pie contest…?” Castiel asked, graciously changing the subject. He took a long swig of his beer, and Dean fought the urge to track the movement. He watched Cas’ lips wrap around the bottle, following the delicate muscles of his throat as he swallowed… Dean shifted in his chair, ridiculously turned on just watching Cas drink beer. Yeah, he was a fucking goner.
Castiel gives a small huff, his eyelashes fluttering as he breathes deep. “You don’t…” He exhales, seems to regain some of his resolve, and says in a stronger voice, “Yes. If you’re offering, Dean, then yes. Please—
He shuts his eyes closed and fluffs Dean’s pillow between his hands, breathing in the mollifying scent of Dean, of sage, of mate. He’s almost asleep and lucidly dreaming, picturing his boyfriend beside him in bed, whenever he hears stirring in the house. He cracks an eye open—one o’clock in the morning. Dean can’t already be home yet…can he…?
Castiel couldn’t help it—he rolled his eyes and chuckled, a slow grin growing on his face. His self-righteous anger began to fade as quickly as it had appeared. “You are an odd and frustrating man.” He couldn’t keep the fondness and incredulity out of his voice. “No, I don’t want to make out with you, not right now. I want to
shouldn’t be around anyone right now. Other alphas would make him feel aggressive and brutal, and he’s dazed enough to latch himself onto any other person who dares cross his threshold. But he only wants Dean, and he nearly whimpers at the internal image of his omega, those gorgeous and full lips, eyes so green they’re mesmerizing, to say nothing of his perky ass or perfect cock—
Turns out there’s no remote control, so Dean turns presses the button on the ancient TV set until he finds an old western that’s playing. It’s nearly two in the morning, and Sam’s an early riser—Dean really should be forcing himself to get his standard four hours. But when he lies down flat on one of the beds, watching the TV from a yard or two away, he feels a dip in the mattress beside him. Castiel is there, right next to him. Dean’s heart thuds in his chest…shit, he’s shared beds with Cas before, right? He racks his brain, cataloging every instance. Usually it was because Sam was in the other bed, so apart from a few awkward morning boners, nothing had ever happened between them. Not since Purgatory.
Castiel stood up abruptly, collecting his laptop and papers, sliding them into his bag. “I’m afraid Anna was wrong. I’m not the right editor for this project. Good luck, Dean.”
But it was illogical, impossible. Dean was a high school dropout. Cas was a sexy, sleek VP just hoping to get his rocks off for the night. Right? There was no way that they were…that they could be…
Dean stood to his feet, chair pushed out and falling to the floor. “Why wait? Let’s break the contract right now.” Castiel jumped to his feet too, grabbing Dean’s elbow, heart pounding. How had things spiraled so far out of control?
Castiel sighs, pulling up a stool and taking a seat across from Dean. The omega is suddenly aware of how close their knees are to touching, how much he yearns to reach out and entwine their fingers together.
From the water, he can hear their brothers protesting their distaste with over-the-top jeers. Sam, a lanky kid who can’t be older than eleven, is openly shouting, “Ew, Dean!”
kind of high-pitched noise can come out of him, and wow, he’s always had decent sex, but apparently Cas had the key to mind-blowing sex all along. He had always suspected it would be different with him, intense and burning and simply
Castiel is pretty sure that Dean is being modest, but he decides not to press the issue. “Do you cook for yourself often?”
the trials to fully consummate their relationship, to discuss things like mating bites and marriage rituals and everything Castiel is hoping his omega will want, but…
Dean only nodded dimly, unsure what to say next. Castiel was full of surprises today, that was for damn sure. Did he
“Y’all talk a lot?” he asked, wondering if Cas would know him. Maybe he should wave him over...but he noticed then that Cas wasn’t standing beside Anna anymore. Strange. Maybe he was mingling somewhere, out of sight?
“If either of you say one more damn word, Jess’ll be the only one cooking for the rest of the year,” Dean growled. She elbowed him playfully in protest, but didn’t argue. Apparently, even she knew her culinary skills left a lot to be desired. Everyone went to the stove, ladling their chilli and buttering slices of cornbread. They took their seats and Cas squeezed Dean’s hand under the table.
Finally they reach the front, where Sam and Gabriel are chit-chatting with all the elders. Castiel goes to Gabriel side, pulling him away slightly from the crowd, and Dean raises an eyebrow…but lets him go. The Novaks have a lot of decisions to make today, and they need their privacy.
Castiel nodded, and Dean glanced up, his expression considerably softer. “Why did you come here?” he asked, and his voice was raw, not shrouded with sarcasm or feigned indifference. “I know you feel bad about yesterday, and, yeah, I get it. But…”
Sam looks skeptical, but seems too focused to press the issue. “Yeah, it’s today at four o’clock. I need Cas to drink this—” He puts the tallest vial in Dean’s open palm. Dean’s opening his mouth to protest using
“‘Doctor brain’ isn’t exactly something I can turn off,” Sam defends, though there’s no real heat in his argument. “Besides, I’m just in my residency. I’m not—”
“We kinda have an appointment.” Dean’s voice was quick, spiraling. “It was supposed to be a surprise, but then
. Even if you’ve already told other people, it’s obviously not enough. Find someone new to confide in, all right? Someone you trust like family.”
Dean wakes up naked in bed, skin balmy, a blanket wrapped around his middle. A mop of messy brown hair is snoring beside him, his alpha on his stomach and his faced buried in the pillow, and Dean grins and stretches towards him, kissing his forehead. Sunlight is streaking in through the window, but he has to check the digital clock on the bedside table to acquire any concept of time. It’s nearly ten o’clock and his stomach rumbles… He scratches his head and discovers there are still twigs and blades of grass in his hair. Wow, he had really passed the fuck out last night. Cas must’ve carried him to bed.
Jody nods in a measured way. “Just make sure you bring him around soon to meet me. On two feet. With opposable thumbs.” She smiles benevolently. “Gotta make sure he’s worth the trouble.”
“Here?” Castiel asked, sounding surprised. He should’ve been, of course—this was against all the rules, and would definitely get them in hot water if they were found.
Castiel let Dean’s words sink in, trying not to grow flustered. “So,” Castiel started cautiously, “you’re sure…”
“This represents the blood of the wolf, the pack, and the shared ancestral blood that now flows between these two houses.” She pours deftly and slowly, and Castiel’s eyebrows raise at the apparent blood they have to drink, but Dean gets his attention and mouths, “Red wine.”
Dean slipped the bands into his jacket pocket. He turned to Cas, then to Leo, looking confused. “In what way?”
“We actually did it,” Dean murmurs, with a large amount of disbelief, sighing and stretching in Castiel’s arms. His hand sinks lower to find the dip in the alpha’s back, settling there comfortably. “We killed Yellow Eyes.”
he grumbles back, unwilling to offer up any other details. Not that he has many to share—today they had spent maybe forty-five minutes together, tops.
He was so close that Dean worried Castiel might hit him—or worse, kiss him? Which honestly should’ve repulsed Dean, given what a jackass this guy was, but there was something about his commanding tone and body language that made Dean feel insanely turned on
He takes a step closer, eyes locked with Castiel’s in a heated exchange. Castiel isn’t stroking himself anymore, but he also hasn’t hidden himself from Dean or acted embarrassed. So Dean takes a deep breath, realizing he sounds breathy and wrecked and not caring one bit as he says, “Need some help with that?”
“John,” the alpha corrects, and Castiel exhales some of the tension that’s been huddled around his shoulders.
“Was I too late?” Castiel’s voice was gravely, the absence of Dean’s dick in his mouth making his mouth feel strangely open. “Did I just perform fellatio on the ghost of Dean Winchester?”
Dean didn’t break eye contact as he grabbed a chair, casually spreading his legs wide, fingering the denim holes in his jeans. He licked his lips pointedly and continued his eye contact with Castiel, who looked totally absorbed in the omega’s every movement.
Dean is about to die inside from how freaking sappy this all is, but it was Cas’ only real request for the wedding, and it sorta gives him belly flips thinking about how sweet the gesture is. God, does he wanna have five seconds alone with his husband already…
Dean folded the two beach chairs, then picked up his towel, drying off his torso. He eyed the crowded beach, searching for a face he had grown so accustomed to seeking—but had never spotted in public. He felt a little stalkerish lately, but he had spent more time wandering around town, stopping by places he could imagine Cas hanging around during his non-case-study hours. You know—libraries, coffee shops, wherever adorable nerd hotties spent their personal time.
He watched Cas’s eyes, warm and blue as always. His eyes traveled down, looking at Dean’s lips. Dean returned the look immediately, realizing they were both imagining the intense amount of kisses needed to make someone’s lips as swollen and red as Cas’s were at this exact moment….
“Like you could wait that long.” Sam fixes the folds at his shoulders and Dean turns around, catching a wistful expression on his brother’s face.
In the center of his chest, he can feel his bond with his alpha growing and developing even now, like a mechanical tether pulling them together. Panting and head tilted, he leans his head back on his husband’s shoulder, reaching inside himself and following the charged energy of their bond. He gets lost in sensation, Cas’ lips and hands working so rhythmically and so well together, that he almost doesn’t realize it when he’s…
“Don’t tell me,” he said, pointing between the two of them, “you’re the mystery omega? The one from the case study?”
“That’s not much to go on,” Dean interrupted, rubbing his eyes in exhaustion. “It was the early nineteenth century, man. Death records were spotty at best.”
Dean knows no other way to finish that sentence, knows that he’s royally screwing up this whole conversation, but still the silence just hangs between them—heavy and tense.
“Yeah, like her protection spell that conveniently went down right before Yellow Eyes attacked,” Dean snaps, voice and anger rising.
Any possibility of tension slipped from his eighteen-year-old brother’s face, and he grinned in amusement. “Those are both
Six hours later—after going home to shower and change, checking in on Sammy, picking up Lisa, going to the Roadhouse, then driving her back home, Dean was finally,
Still, Castiel used the rationale of scientific exploration when he stood up suddenly, in the middle of their otherwise tensely familiar session. Dean, whose expression had been cheeky and allusive for fifteen minutes straight, glanced at Castiel in surprise. They had never done this before, crossed the boundary of the table, and it felt bold and brash on Castiel’s part. Trying to find a way to explain he was only invading Dean’s personal space for, uh,
“I do know what you mean,” Dean confesses roughly. “But we don’t have time to wait—we have to go now—”
“That humans perform such unspeakable acts against each other in God’s name is an affront I will never understand,” he said. Dean itched to reach his hand over and touch Cas’ shoulder, loosening the tension hiding beneath his trenchcoat, but stopped himself.
“The images don’t lie, I’m afraid. We’re going to need to switch your ensembles.” At the directive, various assistants started pulling Dean and Castiel further apart, taking them back into wardrobe.
“Where do I…” Castiel glanced down at the goblet, nervous that he’s holding his father’s remains in an open container. What if he trips and spills them everywhere? What if the wind gusts them away?
It was all very inconvenient, being reasonable or whatever the hell this newfound sense of self-awareness was called. It was one of many small ways that Cas’ influence had already changed him for the better, and they hadn’t even
“Where’s this contract?” Sam said reflectively, and Anna leafed through her papers, sliding a copy into his hands. He skimmed it quickly, his eyes growing wider at every page. “Dean, this is…”
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, looking at the closed door. What did he do now? He sorta thought Cas might’ve been flirting with him for a second there—laying beside him in bed and discussing sex so openly—but maybe he doesn’t even think of Dean in that way anymore. It wouldn’t be all that surprising…it’s been what, seven, eight years since Purgatory? They’ve have dozens of moments since then when Dean wondered if something else might transpire between them, but the world was always ending or Sam was in danger or they were in a petty fight for no good reason. He’s lost his chance with Cas, and the knowledge hits him like a sucker punch to the stomach.
I had intended to share more evidence from the study, but in the interest of…well, everyone involved, we can move onto Pair Number Two.”
because he wore a mask of apathy in order to protect himself and everyone around him. But Dean was light and air and everything that made the world good. If he was being honest with himself, Castiel should let him go before he dragged Dean down into the depths with him…
Dean stiffened. He had intentionally avoided telling Sam about it—the perceptive little shit (who he’d do anything for, but that was beside the point). Dean still needed to sweep all his mixed emotions under the rug before discussing it, and he had hoped his date with Lisa would be enough of a distraction. Unfortunately it had done the opposite—he’d had more chemistry
’s stupid British manager doesn’t make fun of him. Or his brother, that rich Casino guy. They put y’all to shame.”
“I bartend every weekend, so I always know the regulars,” Leo said, shifting on his stool. “This guy was...different.”
“I will. Or I’ll die trying.” Dean means it as a cheeky one-liner, but as he ends the call, the truthfulness of the promise hits him. He very well might die out here today, but as long as Cas and Sam and John and Bobby walk away unscathed, well…
“Dean,” Jess said slowly. “You wouldn’t get in the way of a pregnant woman and pie, now, would you?” Her voice was dripping with feigned sweetness.
He gets on hands and knees, presenting like a proper omega, feeling nervous as Castiel circles his nakedness like prey. Then he swallows. Hard. He decides he might as well go full monty here and tosses off his button-up and undershirt, then digs his palms back into the dirt, breathing out. He’s already half-hard just from the anticipation, and he can smell Castiel’s arousal surrounding him—suffocatingly sweet, intoxicating. Castiel leaves little nips and licks all over his body, on his neck and back and thighs, and his skin is vibrating with a combination of need and nerves. It’s like the wolf version of making out, a gentle form of foreplay, and Dean huffs a chuckle at the thought. The laugh gets caught in his throat, though, when an impossibly huge and wet tongue wedges itself between his ass cheeks.
“If you’ll actually say what you mean, I would be glad to,” the alpha retorts, feeling his own irritation begin to flare up. “Because you’ve been baffling me all day, obscuring your true meaning and avoiding this conversation—”
His ears are ringing, his vision fading around the edges, but he manages to make it—taking in the rapidly unfolding scene. Rowena is standing beside Crowley, both looking pleased and smug; Sam is in his wolf form, utterly distracted, the demon Tom worming his way from under his paws; Lilith is slinking away and into the shadows; John and Dean are hugging…smiling…but why…
want to carry Cas’ pups one day, but he can’t right now without fear that their kids might be hunted down and killed in order to open the gates of hell.
Dean’s softening cock slips out of him and he feels an instant emptiness. There’s the physical lack of space being taken up inside of him, but he misses the connection they felt most of all. It seems now that Dean’s needs have been satiated, his prayers are calming down. The poor man had been in such desperate need he couldn’t seem to control his thoughts. Cas can’t imagine Dean was projecting on purpose, but the idea of it thrills him. It makes a kaleidoscope of butterflies erupt in Castiel’s stomach. Excitement, love, and arousal all mingling together inside of him. A goofy grin breaks out across his face, and he starts to chuckle.
“Cas,” he breathes, trying to pull away just a fraction, “fuck—Cas. You know how onboard I am with this, but let’s get you doctored up first—”
Two out of four means he’s halfway finished with the trial, but there’s no time to rest, no opportunity to regroup or gather his strength. The male arachne is within touching distance and then there’s a stream of slick webs streaming over him. The force of the texture and the impenetrable quality of the net knocks Castiel off his feet, his head falling against the ground with a hard thump. He can’t even count the number of times in the last ten minutes he’s been knocked over and winded, rammed into and struck, but this is the first time he hasn’t been able to get back up and defend himself. He’s completely paralyzed, and no amount of struggling against the gummy mesh of the arachne’s web with allow him to slip free. This trap is perfectly designed for him, contouring to every slope and grove of his body, and the only way to free himself is…
“but it already happened. Spending eternity trapped in your own little universe while the angels run the show, that’s lonely.” He exhales, trying to find the right and most convincing words. “That’s not Nirvana…that’s the Matrix.”
He had been embarrassed at first, when HR had called him in and requested he use scent blockers. They didn’t ask
“What you said earlier,” Castiel explained. “I don’t know how you meant it, but technically, you’re on top of me right now. Wouldn’t that make you a ‘top’?”
“I have no idea.” He bangs his chained wrists against the column in frustration. Another period of silence stretches between them, and after a while, he hears the soft snore of his brother sleeping. It’s strange how much the sound comforts him, even here, and he closes his eyes and synches up their breathing, figuring he should rest now before he can’t anymore…
