His texts are frantic now, proper punctuation and spelling be damned.  His fingers shake as they fly over the touch-screen keypad and he can’t be bothered to waste the time to fix them before he sends them off.
.”  He’ll do anything Sherlock tells him to do; he knows this.  No shame, no remorse, no regrets.  If Sherlock wants him to kneel arse-up on the floor and wait for Greg to come home to find him dirtied and debauched by another man, he knows he will do it.  He gave up the will to say no to Sherlock a long time ago.
They take care of each other.
He has never had someone come on his face before.  It is strange, degrading, hot as hell, everything he needed, absolutely perfect.  He can feel the warmth of it all over his face, smell the deep musk of it so close to his nose, taste the bitterness of it as it seeps past his closed lips, slipping into the seam.
John pushes Sherlock’s trousers and pants down, hearing them fall to the floor with a muted thump that is intently ignored as his fingers slide along the crack of Sherlock’s arse, intent on their goal. He knows he won’t be able to fuck the boy, not here, not without proper preparation.  But just to feel that tight little pucker of skin, to rub at it and push into it slightly with just the tip of his finger, to feel that heat even for just a split second….The desire is driving him crazy.
“Leave her,” John answers him, like he is stating the obvious.  He runs his palms up and down his thighs anxiously, nervous to finally be talking about this, to actually be voicing the decision he made what seems like forever ago.  “If you asked me to do it, to be with you, I would.  In a heartbeat.”
“The bathroom, I have to go,” he repeated.  “Rather badly.”
“Look at that,” he says wonderingly when he has his breath back.  “You ate all of your food.”  He reaches forward to help Sherlock off of the floor and drags the teen up and into his lap, sliding back on the flat surface of the desk and letting Sherlock straddle him.  “I’m so proud of you, baby,” he states as he looks up at Sherlock.  He stretches the small distance to kiss the brunet, heedless of the mess on his face.  “You make me so happy,” John sighs against Sherlock’s mouth.
“When are you going to stop this nonsense and come home?” she asks without preamble.  Over the phone, Mary’s words are edged with a grating shrillness, something that John remembers from their arguments and does not miss at all.
At that, Sherlock finally smiles up at John and it is that happy, bright smile that John knows is only reserved for him to see.  It lights up Sherlock’s whole face and makes him look younger, more innocent.  He lifts his head once more to steal a kiss from John and then wiggles out from under him, making his way off the bed and towards his bathroom with a shy grin and a small “Love you,” thrown John’s way.  It is the first time that the youth has said it to John since the night that he first told the older man, and it seems almost as if it is given as a sort of apology for the earlier conversation.  John silently boggles at the gesture, too stunned to say it back.  But Sherlock either doesn’t seem to mind or doesn’t notice.
Sherlock looks as though he isn’t going to say what is on his mind.  For a long moment he doesn’t speak and John leaves him alone, doesn’t pester him, because John suddenly isn’t sure that this is something he wants to hear after all.  When Sherlock finally opens his mouth, his voice is small and unsure, and he isn’t looking at John again.
“Shh, it’s all right,” Sherlock soothes, one hand coming up to card through sweat-soaked hair while the other stays wrapped around John’s shoulders.  “It’s all right now.”
“I’ve got you, baby,” he whispers, pressing hot little kisses to Sherlock face, on his cheeks and nose and forehead.  “Shh, don’t worry.  I’ve got you.”
He can feel his lover getting closer to finishing, hear it in the soft noises Sherlock makes around his cock.  He can feel it also in the jerky movements as Sherlock pulls himself off, the muscles growing tense under John’s hands as he rubs softly along Sherlock’s chest and stomach.
Sherlock breathed in the musky scent of John, letting the smell pervade his senses.  He buried his face deeper into the man’s chest, drawing comfort from John’s words and John’s presence and John’s touch.
A/N: Another big thanks to my beta Jenamy for taking the time to beta these monstrosities called chapters! I really appreciate all the kudos and comments! A big thank you to everyone who has taken the time to read this, and wait around for my chapters. I know my posting schedule is all over the place...
“Jesus, were you asleep?” John asks, drawing a shaky breath.
“The Thompson twins didn’t like the fact that I exposed them cheating on a final so they decided to teach me a lesson.”
“I ran out of patches over the week,” is all Sherlock says, sitting naked on John’s bed with his knees drawn up to his chest, arms wrapped around his legs.
As soon as he walks out of the bathroom, he instantly smells the acrid scent of a cigarette.  His gaze darts immediately over to Sherlock, completely flabbergasted.  The prat hasn’t even opened a window; he sits on John’s bed with a lit cigarette in his mouth that is dropping tiny pieces of crumbly ash onto the clean duvet as he checks his phone and mumbles something under his breath, making the cigarette bob up and down.
Sherlock simply stares at him before answering, quite plainly, “You would be just like everyone else.”
John’s grip tightens on him.  “I want to give you everything you need,” he tells Sherlock honestly.  “I want to be the person in your life who gives you whatever you want, who makes things better, who helps you.  I want to fix you—fix any problems from your past and make sure there are none in your future.”
John smiles at that, because for once he knows an answer to something that the genius doesn’t, and it’s so achingly obvious.  “Yes,” he states.  “You’re you.  Sherlock Holmes.  And that’s why.”
John pulls out with a low growl and flips Sherlock over, onto his back with his knees drawn up to his chest.  He pushes in again, deeper this time, harder.  He groans at the feel of it, the all-consuming pleasure.  Beneath him Sherlock’s hips finally move to meet his thrusts, pressing back against him and making everything go hazy around the edges.  He fucks into Sherlock faster, hips speeding up as Sherlock makes beautiful, encouraging noises beneath him.
“Sherlock, what—?” he asked, as the brunette man swatted his hands away harshly.
This is what making love is supposed to feel like, John remembers.  For so long whenever he and Mary had sex—when their marriage was rocky but they could still stand to touch each other—it had been because one or both of them had felt a biological need, that pressure in their bodies that let them know a release of endorphins and oxytocin was warranted.  It had never been much about pleasing the other person, about wanting to drown them in satisfaction, or needing the other person to know they were loved and wanted and beautiful and cherished.  Yet John wants to show Sherlock that he is all of those things.  He wants this to be about something more than just a bodily urge to orgasm.  This
John frowns at Sherlock’s unaffected tone.  “Well that won’t do,” he says, mostly to himself as he looks down at his watch.  11:51. “Come on,” he tells the boy, standing up from the table and heading towards the counter.  The barista rouses herself from her half-sleep and smiles tiredly at them.
But, despite what many thought, the dead couldn’t wait forever, and Sherlock was not about to pass up the opportunity to run tests on the body when he had finally talked the widowed wife into letting him see the body.  Scotland Yard had been after an exhumation for months, and the wife would not budge.  Not until Sherlock had gotten a hold of her.
John laughs and holds onto him tighter, not letting him get away.  “Oh, yes you do.  All the time.  But this one really takes the biscuit, Sherlock, I have to tell you.”
He throws the car into park and doesn’t even bother turning it off as he jumps out, running over to the teen and dropping to the ground next to him.  He reaches out to lift Sherlock’s head away from where he has it tucked against his knees and stops short.
“What?” Sherlock asks, caught off guard.  The smirk drops a tiny bit and he frowns slightly, as if he is confused by the question.
John swayed slightly on his feet and was suddenly aware that he was still very, very tipsy. “Sorry,” he mocked, prolonging the word with a small, inebriated chuckle. “
The tingles break out along John’s skin and in his stomach once again, and he can’t keep the goofy, wide grin off of his face.  He slides over to the chair next to Sherlock’s and scoots it closer to him, so that their knees are slotted against each other, one of John’s between Sherlock’s thighs and one of Sherlock’s between John’s.  It brings them as close as they can be in two separate chairs.
“That…that was…” Sherlock tries, but he discovers that he can’t really find adequate words.
His brain suddenly snapped back into focus and he realized with a jolt that Lestrade was kissing him, rather gentlemanly and chastely, but still—it was a kiss from someone who was not Sherlock.
He has never come on command before.  He has never thought that he would ever be able to.  He wonders briefly what John Watson is doing to him, and then he finds that he doesn’t really care.  He loves this and wants more of it.
“God, I love the way you taste,” John mumbles against his skin.  “I want my tongue in you.  Can I do that, love?  Do you want that?”
When he goes to see Sherlock at the coffee shop later that night, he is nervous.  It is the first time that they will meet as—he stops, drawing a blank as he searches for a word to describe them.
“You’re absolutely perfect, you know that?” John asks as he falls onto the narrow couch cushions next to Sherlock, panting heavily and pulling the brunet man to him.
He was chided for eating too many sweets and not enough fruits and vegetables, he was scolded for spending too much time on his feet that day, he was even reproved for not getting enough sleep.
It had a heart.  It was alive.
That catches Sherlock’s attention the way John knew it would.  Sherlock can never pass up anything interesting.  He looks up from his microscope and towards John, heterochromia eyes a striking mix of colours in the bright light from the lamp that Sherlock has on his desk.  “Is that so?” he asks, tossing his head to the side to get a piece of his fringe out of the way.  He will need another haircut soon, but John rather likes the length of the unruly curls as they are.  They are perfect for running his fingers through.
“What?”
John once again feels a pang of pity for the boy, being essentially alone and obviously not knowing how to care for himself.  Sherlock can argue all he wants that he is perfectly capable of looking after himself but John knows better—he can’t even make himself a cup of tea without risking food poisoning.  John silently thinks on the fact that Sherlock seems to be more like a small child who is trying to play house but doesn’t quite know what to do in order to survive.  He is about to open his mouth to say something about Sherlock’s living conditions once again, but as John turns towards him an object on the edge of the worktop catches his attention.  It looks disturbingly like…
, John thinks once his brain kicks back online.  The jersey isn’t meant to be quite as long as it is on him.  Although Sherlock is now a few good centimetres taller than John thanks to his latest growth spurt—taller even than most teens his age—Sherlock’s height is mostly all in his legs right now.  His torso hasn’t quite caught up to his limbs yet.
John pulls back slightly, giving Sherlock space to breathe, but keeps his cockhead in Sherlock’s mouth.  Sherlock draws in a breath and tries to pull back, but John has both hands in his hair and he doesn’t let Sherlock move too far away.  He looks down the length of his body and sees Sherlock staring up at him, eyes wide and almost child-like in their shock.  John waits for one second, silently asking, making sure that Sherlock is okay with this because he would never,
Sherlock became suddenly very aware that the last time he had seen John while still in his right mind (and not in the panic or pain of labor), he had not said very nice things to his lover.  But he opted to take the high road and ignore that nagging little issue for as long as he could.  He cleared his throat in the suddenly awkward silence, and instead asked “How long have I been asleep?”
He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, and his heart melted at what he saw there.  Fear, uncertainty, desperation…yet the strength and resolve that were ever-present, that John had fallen in love with.  “You’re going to be marvelous at it,” he whispered to the brunette man, hand coming back up to stroke at Sherlock’s cheek.  “I’ve seen you take punches and get stabbed.  You’ve broken bones and been hit over the head and been drugged.  And you’ve survived all of that.  Do you really think this would get the better of you?” he asked, the corner of his mouth tilting up into a challenging smile.
He smiles, though, partly in amazement and partly in wonder at the genius walking next to him.  “Shut up, you berk,” he says fondly with a shake of his head, and they continue down the corridor in silence once more.
The sight is enough to get John’s cock completely hard again without so much as a touch from his own hand.
The love John feels for Sherlock burns bright and hot in his chest.
John wants to curl into a ball around Sherlock and ask him why he did this.
He gets to his feet and helps pull Sherlock up with him, gathering his little cricket in his arms and wishing that Sherlock were shorter so that he could lift him up and carry him.  Then he shuffles them into the bathroom, sitting Sherlock down on the lid of the closed toilet while he pulls his well-stocked first aid kit out and sets it on the sink, dropping to the edge of the tub in front of the brunet so that he can better see Sherlock’s hand as it rests in his lap.
Sherlock moans into his neck, a shattered noise that sounds like, “Oh, God.”
Sherlock struggles to sit upright, arms weak from holding himself up against John’s weight for so long.  His eyes are shining brightly, though, and there is a look of wonder on his face that John doesn’t like.  “If I said that you did, what would you do?”
John, though, had been prepared for the childish outburst.  He is not even fazed by the look of utter devastation that Sherlock turns on him from his position on the floor.  “It’s for your own protection, Sherlock, and remember: this is just when we play.  Now, are you going to behave for Daddy?”  The question is hardened somewhat by his steely tone, but John knows that Sherlock will still recognise it for what it is—a stopping point, if he wants it.  John is asking him if he is still willing to continue and, if he is, John is letting him know that he needs to get back into his headspace.
, Sherlock,” he repeated sternly, causing Sherlock to flag in confusion. “I just got home, I had a long day yesterday, and I’m not traipsing around London in these clothes. I’m going to go upstairs, change, freshen up some, and then we can leave.”
He didn’t bother taking his shoes off. No one was left to care anymore. He didn’t even bother getting under the covers. They still smelled like him. They still smelled alive.
“John?” Becca’s soft voice asked. “Are you okay?”
, Sherlock lightly teased, a small curl of an almost-there smile curving at one corner of his lips.
The flat was clean. Everything put back in its place.
John hesitated, unease and anticipation both bubbling in his belly as he considered his text before sending it. It was, he figured, a promise to himself to be better. He didn’t know if he could handle a relationship, handle being “out” for anyone to see, but he also knew that there was really only one way to find out. And he’d do it with baby steps. With resolution now burning in his gut, he hit ‘send.’
Who was Mary?
No harm done at all.
John’s will broke, and he let out a quiet sigh. “All right. I’ll stay for a cuppa,” he agreed.
“He also said you were a bit of a twat,” John grinned.
Sherlock groaned, grabbing a pillow and covering his own face.
John’s inner voice was a little bit of a know-it-all. But it
“Dinner, obviously, John,” Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes. “I know you’re surrounded by idiots all day, but that’s no excuse to come home sounding like one.”
Now, this isn't a guarantee that the next chapter will be out soon after too. I'm going to be working on my other story I'm updating simultaneously with this one first, but I'm hoping that getting this chapter out means that at least my brain is done being dumb. For the most part. We can't expect miracles now!
He thought that he might have remembered Mycroft earlier. Did the black car take John to the flat? Perhaps. He didn’t care. He just set the frame down on the end table near the bed, looking around.
you’re going to let me speak for once,” he all but growled. “I am
Sherlock froze at that new thought, lips tingling under John’s fingers, and his eyes darted between John’s eyes, tracking over his face and expression, before letting out a shuddering breath. John…John meant it. He had to. There was nothing false in his gaze, nothing malicious in his smile, and Sherlock felt his eyes sting again.
Jim, apparently realising that John was unlikely to move on his own, rolled his eyes with a teasing smile and motioned John to get his things, walking him to the front door. “I won’t even be home much today, so you can stop worrying. You patched me up and took care of me. I’m good to go now. So just let me know when you are,” he added in a purr with a wink.
Minus the bruising.
came out,” he said with a small sneer before shaking his head. “Haven’t been back since I was nineteen when my da kicked me out,” he shrugged.
He wondered how John felt about the violin.
I love you, you bastard.
would not let him hurt Jim. Pathetic. But it worked in Jim’s favour, and was just to his plan. “I suppose I would be a hypocrite if I did,” he added with a grin, his shoulders relaxing some.
, he pointed out at one of Sherlock’s wondering hands.
John simply snorted, nodding his head. “Right, well, give me a couple minutes to get settled, and then send someone in.” He supposed that there were worst ways to spend an afternoon, and one of those was taking care of your roommate who was a baby in disguise.
right.
L, a mere child really, broke down after only a slight interrogation by Sherlock, who laid her bare with just his words, and gave up everything, including where R was hiding out with the egg, waiting to come in the night and steal her away once the investigation cooled down some. When questioned why R wasn’t a suspect already, Sherlock pointed out in the report notes that the boy had an alibi given for him by his older sister in the city of “C”. He didn’t even seem snide that I had missed that!
pulled me along on this case when you didn’t even have one on hand yet. When you have a case already, yes, I’m more than willing to drop unimportant things to accompany you. When you impatiently force me out of the flat with the demands of a case that doesn’t even exist yet, that’s when I’m quite free to be annoyed with you, you great tit.” John raised up a warning finger with a glare when Sherlock opened his mouth to speak again. “Nuh-uh, Holmes. I’m not finished and by
“I wish I could say I’m sorry to hear that, but that would be too big a lie for me to tell,” he said with a small grin.
Face now unobscured, Sherlock turned his head to better take in the man frowning at his drip bag and then at his chart. Tan, fading but still there, though not above his wrists which Sherlock could easily see in the short-sleeved scrubs. Hair closely cut though growing out. Despite apparent limp the man stood squarely on both feet when at rest, a stiff uniformity to the sharp line of his back. Left hand trembled ever so slightly, flexed fingers curled into a fist, released, back to the vitals. Thin. The scrubs, already unflattering on almost anyone, hung loosely over the man’s short frame. Dark bags under eyes that a moment ago had been sparkling with mirth but were now returned to a dull blue.
The walls were a light blue-grey with a quatrefoil in white and a darker grey accent wall which the head of the bed was centred on, flanked by matching bedside tables. The wardrobe was on the right side of the room, near the door that connected to the combined bathroom/lavatory, and John moved towards it while trying not to look too closely at the personal knickknacks littered about the room. He didn’t know how Jim could be so comfortable with someone he knew barely anything of pawing through his personal belongings and clothes, but he wasn’t about to betray that trust by snooping. He wasn’t Sherlock, after all.
John gave Sherlock a look that was full of such naked affection and tenderness that it physically hurt the man, his chest thumping heavily as his stomach twisted, and he had to take several slow breathes before he felt like he could regain his equilibrium. John tugged on his hand again, and this time he moved closer quite willingly, leaning down again to take John’s lips in a much slower kiss that shot down Sherlock’s spine to make his toes curl.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at Lestrade as John glanced once more at the pair of them before turning to leave. That wasn’t what he wanted at all.
Sherlock had looked at John like he’d grown a second head, pausing in his attempt to leave the sofa where he and John had been tangled in a kiss just moments before. “Cuddling?”
No matter.
John had a date with a man.
(on more frequently)
(See the end of the chapter for
John hesitated a moment more before lifting a hand in farewell. The hand was steady. “See ya, Sherlock,” he said with another small smile. His eyes darted to the cup in Sherlock’s hand, looking like he wanted to say something else, before he slipped out the door and hurriedly escaped down the brightly lit hallway.
All this left Sherlock in a very poor mood, of course, made worse by his runny nose, persistent cough, and body aches. The coughing didn’t help much with his fractured rib or bruised stomach either, however, and Sherlock longed for the sweet oblivion of death, or something like it. Instead he was stuck with a constant parade of nurses who kept checking up on his vitals and furtively making certain he hadn’t tried to escape…again.
sexually attractive, if only to other people. He saw the way women naturally fell into his charm, how even men were not immune to the Watson Charm once John stopped caring about denying his bisexuality, and his natural flirtatious nature could come out towards anyone.
John turned back around, though he could hardly bring himself to look at Jim, and more looked at the spot next to his ear than at the man himself. “I…” John didn’t know what to say. He had enjoyed himself, that much was quite obvious, and he had found pleasure in very male body against and below him, up until a certain point. Feeling one specific part of Jim’s anatomy had been startling, something far too new for him to handle so soon into his exploration into bisexuality, and he’d freaked out. God, he was pathetic.
And now that he had him, Sherlock couldn’t let him go.
Sherlock still thought John had a date with a woman, and John had made certain not to leave his phone lying around or look up anything embarrassing on his computer. As much as John wished he could. He honestly didn’t really know what to expect. Was dating a man different from dating a woman? Were expectations the same? He didn’t know if he’d be any good dating a man. Then again, he thought a little dryly, he didn’t think he was very good at dating women either. Not long term, at least.
Sherlock’s eyes closed of their own accord, and he leaned into John’s touch, letting out a shuddering breath as John softly smiled and pressed a kiss to his brow. Hesitantly, Sherlock’s arms opened to wrap around John’s middle. “You could leave me and I’d be here with cases for you whenever you showed up,” Sherlock mumbled. “You’d still get what you needed.”
Sholto was commanding, honourable, and steady. Before…everything. Back then, however, John had been enraptured, admittedly wonderstruck, his admiration for his commanding officer evident in his gaze he knew. The man was, however, everything that John wished to be, and so he couldn’t be too embarrassed by it all. And…yes, perhaps John had acknowledged that the man had a certain sensuality about him, a way of holding himself that could be downright indecent if he had had a mind for it. John wasn’t the only one envious (appreciative) of the man’s physique and bearing.
All this meant, of course, was that Sherlock’s mind wasn’t at his best, especially considering he was also physically unwell and running a low fever from his illness as well as from his injuries. Which really only left him with one course of action.
Sherlock shot John a brief grin before leading him the empty space in the sitting room, pulling John close and letting him take the lead as they gently swayed to the instrumental music playing from the speakers. He knew John wasn’t necessarily a fan of dancing, but he did know that the man was a fan of holding Sherlock, and he seemed to relax with the tall man in his arms once more.
Home. No, this wasn’t home any longer. Not without him.
Sherlock’s expression was probably far too telling, given that one look at it had John’s own eyes turning suspiciously shiny, but he couldn’t help it. John didn’t see him as cold, or selfish, or a freak. He never had. He bit his lip, hesitated, then softly whispered, “I love you.”
John smiled.
He still hesitated, however, still paused just before closing the distance, giving Sherlock time to protest or object or pull away, and smiled when Sherlock did none of those things. “Sherlock,” he breathed quietly, before finally closing the gap.
Jim shrugged, cradling his own mug in both hands to fight off the morning chill, made worse by being wet and nearly naked. “They’re not too bad.” He smirked a little then, a tease in his dark eyes as he lifted his mug to take a sip. “Normally I don’t mind a few bruises, but only when they were fun to receive.” He winked at John, who spluttered into his coffee, before turning around in what John could only term a sashay. “I’m going to get dressed. If you stick around, I’ll make you breakfast since we didn’t get much of a dinner last night.”
Duh. Jim didn’t roll his eyes, however, much as he wanted to. Instead, he reached out to lightly touch John’s arm. “I’m glad you texted me. I admit I was a little forward, but…” He smiled and shrugged. “Even if all I got was one coffee with you, it would have been worth it.” He bit his lip suddenly, looking away. “Although, I have to admit something John…”
John had returned shortly after, aggrieved at their fight or so Sherlock had been told had happened, and had discovered Sherlock collapsed and very nearly convulsing. Sherlock didn’t quite know what happened after, all he knew was that he woke up in hospital, room dark save for his monitors, and John’s hand lightly clasped over his while his head lolled to the side in exhausted slumber in the chair next to the bed.
Now, it’s not the first time Sherlock has posed this question to me, I frequently act as a kind of sounding board for him, but there was just something different about his question this time. I don’t know what it was, but I answered as best I could with what little evidence I had, resorting to glancing through the report I had on hand. Given the crude graffiti and senseless destruction, my initial response was that it was a youth, especially considering that the stolen pieces seemed just as senseless. Random silverware and jewellery, including stuff the mother had said was obvious costume jewellery, points to an inexperienced thief. Probably just some hoodlum kid who saw the opportunity and took it. The jewelled egg had been in a place of honour and looked fancy enough for even a kid to recognize its worth, however, judging by the pictures the family had of it. It was a bit gaudy for my taste, but to each their own, I suppose.
He pulled away, clearing his own throat and moving to pick up the rubbish to throw away. “Right,” he said a little gruffly, moving off the stool and around the counter to the bin tucked away under the sink. “Once that dries, you should be fine. Bruises do tend to swell well after they’ve been applied, so I suggest using an ice pack on your throat before bed. You don’t want any breathing difficulties. Especially before I can take you out on that date I promised you,” he added softly with a small smile.
Though, John had to admit that he didn’t really see it not working out, at least not anytime soon. Perhaps it was the newness of it all, perhaps it was even because Sherlock was so obviously annoyed at not being able to deduce what new woman John was supposedly talking to, and John loved being able to get one over on the great and mighty Sherlock Holmes. In addition, his stomach constantly flipped every time his phone got a text notification, because even though he hadn’t seen Jim a week, they stilled talked every day through text.
The man bit his lip, his perfect white teeth dragging over the pink flesh slowly, before his brows furrowed in a frown as he took in John’s own coffee stained button-up shirt. “Oh god, I really am sorry.” He reached out for John’s arm before apparently thinking better of it and dropping his hand. “Um, there’s a bathroom nearby. If you wanted to freshen up a little. And let me get you two more coffees, to make up for causing you to spill it all,” he added, bending down to pick up the dropped cups.
Jim looked down at his glass, clinking the ice around for a moment, letting out a soft sigh. “A brother. Younger. Last I heard of him, he was a station master in Bristol, but that was years ago. Had a bit of falling out with the family when my…
However, then John entered the room, and Sherlock suddenly saw everything in a new light. Lestrade was leaning forward in his chair by the bed, lips curled down in mild concern at another coughing fit of Sherlock’s, his hand settled lightly over Sherlock where wrist met arm. Lestrade’s familiarity with Sherlock would be evident even to an idiot, and John was no idiot. Well. Not like most people were idiots.
There were times, sitting in his little bedsit, eyes on the blinking cursor of his screen as he stared at his therapist assigned blog, that John wondered what would happen to his speaker if John took his Browning out of the drawer. Would his soulmate know? Would he feel the loss? Would he even care?
It was quiet.
John smiled that gorgeous John Watson smile, the smile Sherlock had only ever seen reserved for him and him alone, and reached out for Sherlock’s hand. “Yeah,” he said, and though it looked like he might want to blush, he didn’t. “Kissing and cuddling. That’s still fine right? Holding hands. Holding each other. All the other stuff. Just no sex.” He took Sherlock’s hand, holding it between his own, tracing his fingers over Sherlock’s knuckles. Expression hopeful. Expression understanding. Expression…
The man simply stood staring at him for several long moments more, before releasing a short exhale of air through his nose and shaking his head. “You’re right, and wrong. I am a nurse, currently. That is my role here, but I was a doctor before.” The man shrugged. “Can’t be picky when you need a job. They only had nurse positions open, and I technically have the medical knowledge for it, so…”
“But for how long?” Sherlock exploded out. “How long until it’s not enough, John? How long until I’m—” Sherlock cut himself off, cleared his throat, licked his lips.
, he calls me to solve his crimes when they’re out of their depth, which is always.”
“No,” Sherlock replied with a smile. “No. I don’t. Not anymore.”
Looking back on it now, he could make the connections. Sherlock had began getting sick exactly one year after John found him. Found him and did not tell him the truth. It had started slow, had even started when still dealing with The Woman’s deceit, but then it had progressed at a frightening speed. Sherlock’s body was shutting down.
much, even quietly to himself? And before her was the army, and before that had been school, and yeah, he had been maybe a bit of a slag both places, but nothing had ever been serious. Not like it was with Jim.
“Maybe, just maybe, it’s because he does a better job at catching criminals in a shorter amount of time than the combined forces of the Met as a whole,” John snapped back, not in the mood to deal with her snark even if he was less than happy with Sherlock himself. He turned away from her, uninterested in whatever else she might say to defame Sherlock, and returned to Lestrade’s office with a glower. Sherlock, it seemed, was not done with his own defaming of Lestrade, however, causing John to glance at his watch and wish it were time for his shift at the clinic already.
John didn’t seem to mind. He didn’t seem to mind at all.
Alarm bells clanged loudly in John’s head, and he sat up straighter, leaning in slightly. “He didn’t…hurt you any other way, did he?” he asked, feeling a dark anger rising up within him.
Sherlock
Interested in these ideas, John began studying the medical books at school, which he found to be rather enjoyable. The voice apparently thought so too, but it had been less enthusiastic when John began considering a military career.
(hardly ever on but will still post when I update)
“Interesting bloke, that detective inspector,” a by now familiar voice sounded from the chair next to his bed, startling Sherlock fully awake. “Hey, easy now,” the voice said, and a fresh cup of water was being held out to him to help with his coughing fit.
He’d thought about telling Sherlock at the pool. He didn’t want to die with that secret. He wanted Sherlock to know. He stopped pretending to himself then too. He was madly in love with Sherlock Holmes, his soulmate. He almost told him, and then Moriarty came back and he never really got the chance again. Which was just as well because it wasn’t too long after that John’s heart shattered with the knowledge that Sherlock could never love him.
So Sherlock was asexual. So Sherlock didn’t feel the sexual attraction John did, didn’t have the sexual arousal or desire to do anything more than snog. That didn’t matter. That wasn’t important. Keeping John happy was important. And, as the snogging continued, he could feel what would make John happy growing firmer against him.
Soulmates.
That didn’t mean he had to put up with Sherlock’s bouts of irritating childishness, however.
“You really should drink more water, Mr Holmes,” John said mildly, moving to check Sherlock’s vitals once he saw the man reluctantly finally obey and drink from the blasted neon straw. Sherlock, wheezing slightly but no longer feeling like he was choking on dust or wood shaving, watched John unnecessarily fiddle with his monitors. Someone else had just recently been in. His vitals didn’t need to be checked. John came during a brief moment of free time.
Sherlock stiffened against him, but John didn’t pull away. He didn’t hide, didn’t try to take it back, he just sat there looking up at the other man. Sherlock swallowed thickly, blinked rapidly, licked his lips, and shuddered against John before pulling him in for another kiss.
John was going to leave him.
John quashed those thoughts immediately. Even if Jim just played with hearts, he didn’t deserve this brutality. At least it wasn’t like Jim had seduced him and then left him. They hadn’t even kissed yet.
He loved that flat, truly, but sometimes Sherlock had a way of driving him out of it, which seemed to happen more and more lately. John knew, however, that he couldn’t imagine living anywhere else, nor with any other roommate. Sherlock, the wanker, probably knew this too. Annoying git. But the fact remained that he never felt so alive since moving in with the madman, and though they didn’t speak about such emotional things, Sherlock was also the best friend he’d ever had. Whether that sentiment was returned or not was the bigger mystery, and certainly one John tried to avoid for fear of disappointment.
“Am I making you uncomfortable, John?” Jim whispered, leaning in slightly. John hesitated, considered what he was feeling, but his head and blood were dancing with alcohol and something more. He shook his head, causing Jim to smile as he slid closer against him. “Can I kiss you, John?”
He had held beating hearts in his hands, hand felt warm blood turn cold, and had saved more lives on and off the battlefield than that woman could even begin to comprehend. The realness of a doctor did not depend on where the doctor worked, but by the oaths they took and carried with them to their own graves. Her ignorance and entitlement were insulting. It took a great deal of strength not to simply throw her out and tell her to begone, but he had sworn oaths, and so he took care of her sprained hand and bruised head in tightly controlled silence.
He had thought that he would be more…discomfited with the idea, and certainly a part of him was, but there was a sense of eagerness about it as well. He hadn’t really had that much luck on the dating scene, especially since any interest from others was quickly squashed by Sherlock demanding his presence or being a complete dick to his dates, and he had to admit that there was a certain feeling of flattery at having the attention of a bloke who was well fit.
He still did. Especially when it became obvious that it was John’s love that was killing Sherlock.
Dammit now I owe Greg 50 quid.
“Of course it was,” the doctor/nurse laughed, even if he did look a little rueful at his life being displayed so openly like that. “I’d heard you said things to upset the other nurses and Doctor Roberts, but…that was just something else.”
Who cared about anniversaries when your significant other was right there with you in the present? And the obligation of gift giving holidays and the like was atrocious. Sherlock would much rather be running after a criminal and dodging bullets than wasting time waxing poetic about your romantic partner over a candlelit dinner.
He felt a little silly saying all that, but a hopeful expression was beginning to appear on Jim’s face, and he knew that he had to fight past his own unease and embarrassment at being so candid for Jim’s benefit.
Oh dear, I think they’re going to be late to their reservations by the sounds of things.
Right.
* * *
John’s eyes swiftly moved over Jim’s body, his tongue touching his lower lip without notice, and Jim knew he’d done well. He almost wished he could wear one of his beloved Westwood or Reiss suits to see John’s reaction, if simple but well-fitting corduroy trousers and button-up shirt could catch that glance. John was, whether he realized it himself or not yet, clearly interested. That worked in Jim’s favour. And, vain creature that Jim acknowledged himself to be, John’s interest certainly stoked his ego.
He had to do it.
John moved into the room then, moved to take Sherlock into his arms, and Sherlock went willingly. Even though John was the shorter of the pair, Sherlock curled against him, clinging to him as though afraid he’d disappear if he ever let go. John lightly chuckled.
“I work in the IT department. New hire. I was just getting off my shift, but I have some spare clothes just in case. Don’t worry about me, go get cleaned up and I’ll get the coffee.” The man grinned again, reaching out to clasp John’s shoulder, giving it a small squeeze before ducking around him, hurrying to the cafeteria.
tempting. He and Jim were having a good time, frankly, just chatting and laughing together, more at ease than John could remember being for a while. It wasn’t the first time he crashed on someone’s sofa, either, and he found himself reluctant to leave for a number of reasons.
Pulling out his phone, John quickly typed the digits in before saving it under the name ‘Jim.’ After a moment’s hesitation, and a quick glance at the smiley on his palm, John added a happy emoji face next to the name.
The conversation flowed easily after that point, Sherlock’s anxiousness not quite forgotten but merely simmering lowly on the back burner of his thoughts as he enjoyed the evening with John. While he much would have preferred a dead body that night, he couldn’t deny that it was sometimes nice to simply share a quiet moment together. Of course, the knowledge of what was to come wasn’t too far from his thoughts. Definitely would have preferred a dead body to that.
“This is your first date with a man, isn’t it?” Jim asked just as John was bringing his pint up to his lips, causing him to splutter slightly into the cup, before giving Jim a rueful smile, dabbing at his lips with a paper napkin. Plebeian.
Sighing, John nodded. “Yeah, that’s true. Didn’t really work out.”
Sherlock stared up at John, unable to believe that John truly meant those words. “Then…then you should want sex with me. You should be upset I haven’t put out yet. You should be furious I haven’t held up my end of the deal.”
John grimaced slightly, both at the thought of what Sherlock might think or do as well as at how tempting that offer sounded. And it sounded
That didn’t mean he went around flaunting it about or anything. (He might have bought a small flag in ace colours, but he kept it crammed in a drawer between some pages of an unread book, so it wasn’t like he was waving it around or some other such nonsense.) He simply just liked to
“Hey, no,” John said, sliding from his stool seat to step closer to Jim’s, reaching out to take hold of his hand and gently squeezing it. “You have nothing to be sorry about. It’s perfectly understandable for you to be…uncomfortable last night,” he said carefully, not wanting to call Jim scared. “I was more than happy to help. I mean it,” he promised with a gentle smile.
should be getting home now.” He stood up, readjusting to the world and the thought of trying to catch a taxi at this hour, wondering if it had been wise to leave Sherlock alone for this long. He very well could have burned down the flat by now for all John knew. Though he figured Lestrade would at least
The man just blinked at Sherlock again, seemingly at a loss for words, before taking in a deep breath. “That was…”
There were times, many times in fact, throughout John’s life that he could appreciate the male body. He knew when someone was attractive, and he wasn’t insecure enough to need to deny that. Hell, his own flatmate had a sort of alien beauty to him, and John had caught himself staring at those bloody cheekbones of his more than once, especially when the idiot had his collar flipped up like a damn GQ model trying to look mysterious. As John spent more time around Sherlock, got to know him, that strangeness of his features seemed to change, turning more alluring than severe. No wonder Molly was so enamoured with him.
Groaning again, John leaned forward over his knees and pressed his face into his hands. So his old army mates might not have been on board with a John ‘Three-Continents’ Watson that also liked blokes. So all he could remember at present was the black eye their father had given Harry when she brought her first girlfriend around. None of them were around at the moment. No, it was just him and Jim. Jim who, by all rights, should have kicked him out at the first opportunity last night. Instead, Jim had curled up against John and, as far as John recalled, had fallen asleep there in his arms. Or, at least, John had fallen asleep.
“Where have you been?” he asked, before his gaze darted over John, taking in the spilt coffee and John’s posture with a blank expression settling over his features before he lightly sneered and returned his attention to his work. “
Clearing his throat, John turned back, trying to remind himself that he was Dr Watson here, not a jilted lover with the object of his affections bruised and bloodied before him. Besides, they’d only had one date after all. “Uh…Mr Worth,” he began, motioning for Jim to sit on the chair for patients while taking his own at his desk. “Do you consent to an examination of your condition?”
John grinned at his phone. He was still only halfway into his shift, making John wonder what Jim was up to right now. Besides reading his blog entry, that is. He checked to make certain he had no more patients for the moment before letting himself answer the teasing text.
and content to just hold you and spend a little longer in the shower in the mornings.”
A knock sounded at the door. “Sherlock?”
Or maybe not mention the feelings at all. Not gay, he’d always said, which was technically still true. Being bisexual wasn’t the same thing as being gay after all. He just hoped that he could pretend he wasn’t mooning over the consulting detective like some lovesick teenager. He would simply tell Sherlock they were soulmates and hope for the best.
Becca had her own hesitation in the doorway, before seeming to decide to let sleeping dogs lie and simply left him alone, which he didn’t know if he preferred or not.
“So,” John said to break the silence that felt almost stilted to him…and just what did Sherlock have to be annoyed about anyways? He was the one that dragged John out, not the other way around. “Any ideas who did it yet?” he asked while idly flipping through the statement sheets.
John had always been a sexual creature, had lost his virginity at a young age, and who, now that Sherlock knew what to look for, had a very real sexual attraction to Sherlock himself. It had terrified him a bit, when John made a move when they first got to together, not knowing what to expect or what was expected of him, but John never pushed for anything.
“Of course it hasn’t, John,” Sherlock snapped, because he was actually quite fond of the term now and he didn’t want to give it up. He then realised that snapping at John probably wasn’t the best way of getting what he wanted. He bit his lip, looking up at John with wide eyes. “I just…you deserve to feel good, John,” he breathed huskily. “I want to make you happy.”
Jim set the tea tray on the counter before walking around it to climb on to the other waiting stool there, smiling a little at John as he turned to face him. “I’m really glad you were the one I went to see, even if it had been an accidental meeting,” he quietly said. “It was a happy accident.”
John hesitated, not certain how he felt about borrowing another man’s pyjamas, but he also wasn’t looking forward to sleeping in the trousers he’d worn all day at work. And a shower honestly sounded heavenly as well. “Yeah, okay. Won’t be a minute,” he said, heading off towards the short hallway, the end of which held Jim’s room. He hesitated again at the entry of it, feeling the invasion of privacy again as he looked in, almost a little embarrassed on Jim’s behalf.
John murmured, bringing his spare hand up to gently cup Sherlock’s jaw.
He could feel John growing harder beneath him as he rocked his hips lightly over him, feeling his stomach curl into uncomfortable knots, but he didn’t let it show. Instead, he smiled at John through his lashes, and his hands moved between them to begin undoing John’s trousers. “I’m doing what I should have done a long time ago. I know you want me. I’m sorry I’ve been so selfish. I want you to have me whenever you want,” he purred in John’s ear.
perfect. Any kiss with Sherlock had to be. He didn’t linger, however, knowing that Sherlock could easily become overwhelmed, and settled back on his feet with a small smile as he looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock, for his part, was staring down at John as though he’d never seen him before.
He would go to bed. He would go to sleep. Maybe, if he was very lucky, he wouldn’t wake up. There wasn’t really a point to anymore. Maybe he would join Billy. Waiting, silent, waiting for him to come back.
As Becca described, the injuries were hardly anything to worry about, though the patients certainly knew how to kick up a fuss regardless, and John was already envisioning the end of the day and perhaps a quick stop at a pub before braving the return to the flat. It was amazing what a sense of entitlement did to a person, and he withstood more than one strident critique on how they ran a business. One woman in particular had had John clenching his teeth, and he was surprised he hadn’t snapped his pen in half with how tightly he was holding it, when she began proclaiming that their unprofessionalism and ignoring of patients “needs” was the reason why they weren’t “
The victims, who requested to remain anonymous for as long as possible, were a seemingly idyllic family, fresh off a recent weekend holiday, and had just returned home only to discover that they had been victims of vandals. Though the frontward appearance of the house seemed undisturbed, the real tragedy waited within. Upon entering their home, the family—consisting of a father, mother, and teenage daughter—found the interior in disarray, including a rather crude drawing of male genitalia on the entry wall in spray paint. Mirrors were smashed, sofa pillows were flung about, and potted plants were emptied on the carpet. In addition to the vandalism, there were also missing jewellery, silverware, and most importantly a family heirloom worth a pretty pound.
L was due to inherit the jewelled egg in her father’s will, but only once she had finished her schooling at university. L, however, had no interest in uni, which was a sensitive and sore subject in the family. In came R. Together they apparently hatched (ignore this pun too) the plan to steal the family egg and sell it for money to run away together. L gave R the spare key to the house which he then used to sneak in and cause his mayhem, covering his tracks by breaking the glass pane in the back door to simulate a break-in. Sherlock, however, saw through this.
,” he said with a small growl of impatience. “Come on, Lestrade, don’t you have anything better to offer me? After everything I’ve done for you, you could at least pay me back in kind.”
happened. There were voices, hands pulling him away, but all he saw was blue, crystalline blue this time. They always changed. Never seemed to remain the same colour. He loved that about them. Loved their intelligence.
“Sherlock!” John cried out in terror, steeped tea forgotten, and raced to the sitting room expecting to find his soulmate’s lifeless body limp on the sofa.
Sarah had been his first and only relationship since returning from Afghanistan. He had definitely liked her, that was true, but he also knew that if she hadn’t flirted first that he might never have made his move. He supposed that, outside of the initial prospect of getting on with Sarah—with anyone—after months of solitude, it had been the adrenaline of the kidnapping that had really held the majority of his interest. Sarah had been a very lovely, girl, truly, but whatever spark was meant to be there just wasn’t. With Jim, on the other hand…
. Of course, he could allow none of this to show in his expression when he turned back to look at John, and instead gave the man a small, almost shy smile.
Wait I thought you were already together?
Grabbing the first set of pyjama bottoms he found, John moved next to get a towel and headed in to take a shower, thankful that his years as both a doctor and a soldier had him more than proficient at quick showers. He took little more than a quick rinse anyways, not wanting to linger where Jim also was frequently wet and naked. He certainly didn’t want to linger in that state himself, Jim so near, and John’s recent porn preferences just waiting to be brought forward in thought.
Sometimes John hated the voice. Mostly he hated that it was never wrong.
“I hardly consider that a date!” Jim protested with a huff and a pout.
But was he ready for the whole thing?
Did Sherlock know? John had tested the waters during what would be their first dinner together, wondering if Sherlock could somehow tell that the unassuming man sitting in front of him was his soulmate, had even later brought up the mention of soulmates, but he had been ruthlessly cut down. Politely, but ruthlessly.
John, army trained with strength hidden beneath his scrubs, just looked at the pale and thin consulting detective and simply smiled. “I won’t fight you because I know you’d win.”
John chuckled as Sherlock tried to bring him in for another kiss again, placing a hand on the man’s chest to keep him away.
John gaped, letting Sherlock pull him along for a moment, trying to process what was happening. There was a case. Sherlock was pulling on his arm trying to force him along, and he was still wearing yesterday’s clothes. He thought about running around London who knew where, for who knew how long, wearing not only clothes from yesterday but also
He’d wait, though. At least until he could be certain Sherlock wouldn’t be reading over his shoulder with that giraffe neck of his. John frequently found himself staring at that neck in consternation. Sherlock really had no right being as tall as he was, slender all over, looking both invincible and incredibly fragile all at once. No wonder everyone was annoyed at him all the time with those model-length legs, lithe figure, and those cutting cheekbones. If John stared at Sherlock more than he probably should do, it was purely out of annoyance. That was it. And maybe a little jealousy. But nothing else.
Sherlock would have dearly loved to rip into this new nurse with all his observations intact, but the truth was that, despite his chart no doubt telling of his earlier stint with recreational narcotics, the medical staff apparently thought it better to keep him at least mildly drugged to prevent him from causing too much trouble to both them and himself. He wondered if Lestrade sanctioned it. He supposed it was the only benefit of being stuck there; free drugs.
notice. And I frequently require your medical expertise. You’ve agreed to accompany me on these cases since the start of our acquaintance, unless you’ve suddenly changed your mind and have decided you no longer wish to work with me as my assistant.”
“Of course! Um, if you don’t mind wearing something of mine, my pyjamas are in the middle drawer in the wardrobe in my room. You could borrow a pair of my pyjama bottoms, we’re about the same size. Spare towels are in the cupboard right outside the bathroom if you want to take a shower, just put everything in the hamper by the door when you’re done.”
It didn’t take long to find Lestrade, who was striding down the hallways with purpose. The grey-haired man caught sight of Sherlock, his relief at finding the younger man
Sherlock snorted. “Don’t be an idiot, John,” he all but sneered but did not elaborate. Don’t be an idiot, of course he did? Or, don’t be an idiot, how could he know without first arriving at the scene? The first was most likely, considering Sherlock had solved cases through just pictures before, but then why this charade of going to the house in the first place then?
John let out a brutal snort at that, tugging sharply at Sherlock’s hair causing the man to yelp and glare up at John accusingly. “Don’t say such stupid things. I don’t need you because of the cases, I need you because I love you.”
Jim was most assuredly
“Do you work here? I’ve never seen you before,” John said with a small frown, taking in the man’s jeans and top.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, taking in the view of his nurse sitting by his bedside.
interested, there was no denying that, but it was a step that he really didn’t think he was ready for, at least not without a fair bit of alcohol in his system.
Thank God for autocorrect.
“Ah.” John’s smile grew, but also gentled. “There it is. You see? I’m not lying to you, Sherlock. I accept that you’re asexual. I love you. All of you. And I have no interest in changing anything about you. Except maybe you could get the milk every once in a while,” he lightly teased.
Just a fair warning, Jim has some not so nice thoughts in this chapter.
Robert, most likely, then. John’s insides felt hot and prickly at the thought of someone hurting Jim like this, and apparently someone Jim knew. Someone Jim was embarrassed about, or who he was protecting. Neither made John happy.
than Sherlock.
“It’s my job…and my pleasure,” John added on, trying to be more truthful. After all Jim had been through, he deserved that much at least. And, after all, he
A short chuckle sounded, before his hiding spot was slowly and carefully removed from his face, causing the brunette man to squint into the sudden light and scowl up at the nurse who was smiling down at him. “Maybe later,” the man chuckled again, his blue eyes swirling with mirth, before returning to going over Sherlock’s vitals.
John snorted, rolling his eyes as he leaned back in his chair, but he was smiling. No rush, still wearing scrubs, condiment against his cuticles. It took Sherlock far too long to put together that John was currently on his lunch break. And visiting Sherlock. Again. Finally.
Clearing his throat, John finally focused on the file in his lap, opening the folder to see what sort of mess they were getting themselves into; he really hoped he wouldn’t have to call off at the clinic. They were really getting annoyed at him for his late days and missed shifts. It wasn’t like he could help it, however. Sometimes he wondered which one was his real job and which one was secondary. Withholding a snort at the thought of what Sherlock would surely say about that, John considered the details before him.
“I just…” Jim looked away, moving to bite his lip before huffing and releasing it a moment later as the glue tugged. “I just don’t really want to be alone right now,” he murmured quietly.
The doctor/nurse, whose name he found out was John, visited him in his room probably more than was strictly necessary, and just gave Sherlock an amused look whenever the detective told him to fight him, which was frequently all Sherlock could tell him. If it wasn’t Sherlock sleepy or drugged and barely able to string together a coherent thought, it was Sherlock completely flabbergasted by the fact that Nurse John seemed to not be put off at all by Sherlock’s continued observations, which always left Sherlock feeling vaguely discomfited and hiding behind invitations to fight.
Not a bad idea at all.
Jim sighed heartily. “First I need to check in with work,” he grumbled, pushing his plate away. “Make certain I still have a job.” He pulled a face. “And get a new phone.”
“The bruising will take some time to fade,” John murmured instead, moving to get gauze and disinfectant for Jim’s bloody lip. “This might sting a little bit,” he warned. Jim nodded slightly, though he still winced and sharply inhaled a breath as the cool liquid touched his lip. “Sorry,” John said with a small wince of his own.
Sherlock startled, silently reprimanding himself for not hearing John coming up the stairs, but then he had been rather preoccupied. He turned, swallowed, took in John who was still standing in the doorway and blinking rather stupidly at their kitchen table that was, for once, completely devoid of anything bordering on hazardous and was instead set up with tall white taper candles between two place settings. Soft music played in the air.
That thought did sober him up some, but then his phone chirped in his pocket, and he pulled it out to squint at the glare of the screen. A text message. Not from Sherlock, no. Sherlock didn’t use emoticons, and he didn’t sign it “Jim.” He grinned as a second message came through right after.
“This is really good,” John said around a bite of food, trying not to sound too amazed and insulting the man sitting next to him at the breakfast bar. Jim, however, smiled a little shyly and shrugged as he ate his own plate of perfectly cooked eggs. The novelty of having someone else cook him breakfast (who wasn’t Mrs Hudson) still amazed John, seeing as all he could think was that Sherlock would never willingly cook breakfast, and if he did then it was likely to have some sort of contaminate in it. Perhaps purposefully.
“You too, John.” The smile Jim gave him was almost shy, and a curious feeling came over John. He’d seen that look directed at him before, but from women.
Sherlock scoffed, waving another flippant hand. “Boring, boring, boring,
John’s own brows furrowed, not certain he understood, not understanding at all what was happening.
He liked it a lot.
Jim let out a small laugh, grinning. “You don’t need to tell me twice. Although hopefully next time I see you it’s on a date, not because of an injury.”
Though he wished Sherlock wouldn’t treat him like Molly sometimes, ordering him about without a care, treating him like he less interesting than the fungal infection under the victim’s toe nails, no how “important” the fungus was to the case, or whatever the idiot genius was going on about.
But John deserved better than a partner that couldn’t even put out.
Jim flushed, keeping his gaze away from John’s, and looked almost like he was about to bite his lip before thinking better of it. “It’s not important, John,” he murmured quietly, as though defeated. “Please…?”
Jim was something different, however. John actually and truly enjoyed the time spent with him, beyond the awkwardness of the first half hour or so, and so found himself feeling a measure of defensive concern towards the other man on Jim’s behalf. It wasn’t just a gay thing to use someone to decide what you liked and then toss them aside like yesterday’s rubbish. The fact that anyone could or would do that to someone like Jim, who seemed so sweet and kind, was inconceivable. That was why John knew he had to be careful. He didn’t want to hurt Jim if this turned out to be something he couldn’t do, and he hoped that they could at least remain friends if…whatever it was they were doing didn’t work out.
Even now, John’s thoughts were on Jim. The euphoria of solving a case was there, but it was a low simmer, dulled in the wake of knowing that something was off with Sherlock. Speaking of uncharacteristic, Sherlock had been…off today. From Lestrade’s office to the crime scene, even in the taxi ride here, though instead of being a git he had simply been sulking and silent, the opposite of how he usually was after a case. What’s more, the case itself was unusual. Sherlock had apparently solved it long before the confrontation, no doubt just by glancing at the pictures in the report, so why all the pretence of solving it and asking John’s opinions on the matter?
Ignoring this, John asked in a much more detached tone of voice, “I’m going to need to examine your chest and back now.”
Sherlock did his usual bit of sniffing around for clues, despite the crime scene having already been cleaned up (for the most part, the graffiti was merely hidden under poster paper until the painters could arrive apparently) and the family being moved back in, while occasionally mumbling under his breath, most likely something insulting, so it’s probably a good thing I couldn’t hear it. He snooped along for a while, much longer than I would have thought he’d do, then strangely enough asked me what I thought!
Jim huffed a short laugh, scrubbing his face and shaking his head as he looked away. “I mean…I guess I can take comfort in the fact that at least I can be certain you aren’t just using me for a quick lay,” he said, voice rife with self-hatred.
, It would affect his social life, he was certain, and he couldn’t bear to deal with the looks he’d receive at work if it were known. Even if he wanted to be with Jim…he just didn’t know…
Swallowing, Sherlock stared at himself in the mirror. He looked ghastly. He hoped John wouldn’t notice. Or, perhaps, John would just excuse it as nerves. He was, after all, incredibly nervous. He was thankful therefore that John was off at his second job, still determined to pretend he was just a normal doctor, instead of accepting that he was the most important man in the universe. According to Sherlock, at least, and truly Sherlock’s opinion was the only one that mattered in this case.
John’s brows shot up, just as Jim knew they would, and he hastily set down his pint with a worried expression. “Oh shit,” Jim softly exclaimed. “Christ, I made myself sound like a real slag, didn’t I?” He covered his face with his hands, shaking his head before turning beseechingly towards John again. “I swear I’m clean and everything. I always use protection.” Which was probably one of the biggest lies of his life, but John was a doctor. “I get myself checked out whenever I change partners, and it’s not like I jump in bed on the first date.” Jim’s eyes, as if of their own accord, swept over John’s form again, and Jim willed his expression to pinken some. “Well, usually,” he admitted on a quiet breath.
John glanced at him, a small smile shared between them, before he turned a little more on his stool to face Jim better. An unconscious gesture, and a good one. “I have to admit, I was…worried about this…date,” he said delicately, as though still unsure how to admit that this was what it was. “Like you said, I’ve never done with a bloke…er, man before. I wasn’t entirely certain what to expect.”
“What?” Sherlock asked after a moment, certain he’d misheard. “Amazing?”
of us have lives outside of your mania, you realize.”
So no, Jim was most assuredly not pouting, even if he had been so close to getting what he was certain would have been a most brilliant shag, only to be left hard and wanting without even the opportunity to call one of his men to come finish the job off for him. They were fine fellows, excellent with aftercare, but he’d really wanted something new that day. Something new and decidedly John Watson shaped.
Sherlock cleared his throat, turning back to John, but he paused as he saw the look in the man’s eyes. Ah. Excellent. He understood then. Sherlock had not been keen on explaining it all to the man. He might have gone to the trouble of scouring John’s blog for ideas, but the sentiment of leaving mementos of their cases together was purely for John’s benefit only. He needed tonight to be perfect. He hoped he’d chosen the right ones. He honestly didn’t know what would make John happy or not.
* * *
“I’m snogging you, what does it look like,” Sherlock lightly grumbled, nipping at John’s bottom lip as his hands slid over his partner’s chest.
Sherlock swallowed, shook his head, took John’s hand and gave it a light squeeze. “No, John. I’m fine.” He made a small humming noise before amending, “It’s not a danger night.” It could never be a danger night again. He couldn’t put John through that a second time. He supposed that was what had really started all this. What had begun the near electric charge between them, shifted their relationship just enough to leave it open to becoming something more that night in the hallway with a kiss.
And what would happen when John had finally had enough of Sherlock’s inability to perform and he realised he had his pick of the litter to choose from? Before, Sherlock had only had to worry about the female specimens, but now that John had fully acknowledged his sexuality there was now yet another gender to worry about taking John away from him.
“Hmm, I suppose the truth will never be known.” John glanced at Jim, smirking, and was pleased to see the other man struggling to keep his scowl in place. It felt good, this sort of flirtatious bantering, and he was happy to see that Jim’s unease from earlier was no longer evident on his features. He let out pleased sound, pulling out a small tube from the kit. “Oh, wonderful, you have medical glue. This should work nicely.” Had he known the trouble Jim’s mouth would be (he was trying not to think of any double entendre there), he would have applied it at the clinic, however he had thought it’d heal fine without it then.
Sherlock was still mildly embarrassed about what an atrocious kisser he had been at the beginning. Thankfully, John never seemed to mind. Equally thankfully Sherlock was a fast study. He learned quickly and waking up in the hospital bed next to a John with pale skin, limp hair, and bags under his eyes, Sherlock had learned to never put John through that again. Never again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Get in bed, you git,” John chuckled. “I’m going to get dressed for bed, and then I’ll join you.”
“I have an extra shirt in my locker,” the man shrugged.
Jesus.
As if he sensed John’s mood, Jim remained quiet and meek, only speaking to answer John’s questions during the examination, treatment, and paperwork. He looked far more dejected than he had at the start, and John could see that he looked a lot more worn than he had just a week previous.
John sighed with a smile as he leaned back in his chair, scanning over the freshly published blog post. He could already envision the ribbing he’d get from Harry (and probably Bill too) over the last bit, especially the uncharacteristic smiley face at the end, but he didn’t care. They didn’t matter, now about this. He knew that the person who the last bit was aimed towards would read this post, maybe later that very night, and know that that smiley face was just for him.
“I love you too, Sherlock. You don’t need to feel obligated to repeat it. I know. I couldn’t ever doubt it, not after tonight, not after what you were willing to do.” John softly sighed, moving his hand to begin carding through Sherlock’s hair just as he knew he liked it. “I hope you won’t doubt it of me either now.”
“Fight me.”
John was dizzy with want, mind empty except for the bliss of a warm body to rock against, and he shuddered as Jim’s mouth left his lips to latch on to the lobe of his ear, teeth and tongue teasing at the flesh. “Fuck,” John gasped, filling himself swell easily as he thrust lightly up, Jim grinding down in answer. There was an incessant buzz at the back of his mind, but his alcohol and sex addled mind could barely think, especially when Jim’s nails lightly scraped over an erect nipple.
It still rather shocked him that someone like Jim could be interested in him, and yet there was no denying that after the man’s flirtatious actions, and especially not after there was a solid date planned for later that day. He was flattered, honestly. It certainly made up for Sherlock practically ignoring him ever since the case with the serial bigamist and her murderous husband was over.
John was, as Jim knew he would be, already at the bar top nursing his second beer. The first no doubt went down quickly in nerves for fortification, the desire for “liquid courage” all too common in common masses, but Doctor Watson would not wish to be at all inebriated before his first date with a man.
Ah. John was getting into the mood at least.
When the day came for Sherlock to finally be released from the prison of his hospital bed, Sherlock felt…not as overjoyed as he had thought he would be. Something tugged at him, and he had an idea of what it was. He fiddled with the button of his suit jacket, hesitating, wondering if he’d show up, if he even knew…
Sherlock just makes a derisive noise in the back of his throat at John’s suggestion that such a thing might ever happen.  John tries not to be offended by it.  “Truthfully, the chances of that are sod all,” Sherlock responds.  “And besides, you say you won’t really be able to say no because she is still legally your wife, but I know you.  You won’t want to engage in intimate relations with her to start with, much less be able to achieve an erection with her.  You’re not that kind of person.  If you don’t love her anymore, you won’t have sex with her,” Sherlock explains to him, as if John doesn’t know any of this about himself.  “If you love me now, you won’t have sex with her.  That’s just who you are.  So that issue isn’t a concern at all.”
John stood in the doorway for a moment, like a child who had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, but neither of them said anything. When John at last made a move towards their bedroom, Sherlock’s voice finally rang out, deep and deadly and dark in the silence of the flat.
He had not anticipated the level of emotion that was being brought about by this simple fact. He had not felt this way when he had told Lestrade earlier that day. That had been more clinical and practical—like what he imagined pregnant women felt like when they told their bosses. But this….
“Sherlock,” John warns, not liking where this is headed.  Things had been going so well.  “This isn’t negotiable.  You need to eat something.”
When John gets home that evening, he says a quick hello to Mary before trying to head off to the bedroom for a much needed shower and change of clothes, but she takes one look at him and stops him in his tracks.
Dr. Greenwhich suddenly turned away from the picture on the screen, giving Sherlock a hard, stern stare that the brunette man did not remember ever seeing on the kindly doctor’s face before.  “As soon as your signs of labor appear, it is very important for you to come straight to the hospital, do you understand, Mr. Holmes?” Dr. Greenwhich stated, his voice clear in the silence of the room.  “Because the baby is in your appendix, there is a definite chance that if the labor goes on too long before we get the baby out, your appendix will burst, spilling infectious materials into your abdominal cavity which can lead to peritonitis, septicemia and eventually death.”  His hard look continued to bore into Sherlock, and the brunette man was beginning to understand that Dr. Greenwhich was not a man whose words one could just dismiss.  “Dr. Watson can tell you as well, I’m sure, that this is not something to be taken lightly, Mr. Holmes.”
“But,” John says confusedly, “I wasn’t even in the room.”
“It was never like this with Mary, you know,” he feels the need to tell Sherlock from his spot across the room, voice pitched so that Sherlock can hear him.  “I never felt this…crazy over her.  Yeah, I loved her, and yeah, I wanted to be with her.  But that was it.”  He shakes his head, at a loss for words.  “It was just…normal.  What people who have never fallen in love think love should be.  I laughed with her and I fought with her; she has always had this way of making me angry.  But when I’m angry at her, that’s it.  I’m just angry.  I don’t think about how much I love her, or how beautiful she looks when her cheeks are flushed red as she’s yelling at me.  But with you…” John shakes his head, trying to find the words.  “Even when I’m angry at you—which is quite a lot, I’ll have you know—there’s still this part of me that wants you so badly.  I want you all the time, no matter what we’re doing.  Even when you’re throwing yeast on me like a loon, or pushing me out of your house, or deducing my sexual fetishes out loud, or telling me all of my biggest faults,” he says with an exasperated chuckle.  “There’s never a moment when I’m not crazy about you, when I don’t just want to take you in my arms and kiss you until neither one of us even knows what we are doing any longer.  I’ve loved people before, but it’s never burned me alive like this does.  So,” John pauses, stops to double-guess what he is about to say, wondering if it is the right time, but then he nods his head and continues.  “Yeah.  I may have thought before that I was in love with Mary…but now that I’ve seen how I feel about you, I can’t believe that I ever thought that what I felt for Mary was enough.  It wasn’t.”  He shakes his head again, looking over at Sherlock.  “It wasn’t nearly.  But you are.  You’re enough.  So yeah, if you asked me to, I would.”
Sherlock shrugged and threw his toothbrush and the rest of his toiletries into the overnight bag John had been using while he stayed at the hospital with Sherlock.  “Yes, well, she doesn’t have to worry about that anymore, now does she?  They are my walls, now.”
Sherlock leads John through the entryway and down the hall without a word, taking him through a door and into what appears to be a kitchen, but he can’t be quite sure.  There are various household chemicals—and some decidedly not so household—sitting along every inch of available space on the worktop in this room, and John can see piles of a wide assortment of take away menus scattered about.  A handful of expensive-looking contraptions that seem to belong in a laboratory somewhere (and not in a person’s kitchen) sit on top of something that he thinks might be a table, if he were able to see it clearly, and piles of post cover any leftover space, some envelopes open while others are not.
“Sherlock, I
He thinks about how he is going to tell Sherlock not to send him a picture message of his naked body, thinks about how he is not going to end up sexting his teenage lover while he is in his sitting room with his wife right upstairs.  When he goes to type out his response, however, what comes out instead is:
“Absolutely filthy,” Sherlock moans, bending his head to lick a long, wet stripe up the side of John’s neck.  The man practically melts into a boneless heap under the onslaught.
“Thanks, but I’ve already got one,” Sherlock answered uninterestedly.
At the feeling, Sherlock lets loose a loud moan, and John glances up to look at him.  His back is arched against the floor, his hips straining to push deeper into John’s mouth.  John did a shit job of cleaning him up, too focused on other things, and he still has bits of dough in his hair and a large smear of chocolate on one cheek close to his ear.  His face is flushed and he is panting so prettily, John’s cock twitches in the tight confines of his trousers.  Sherlock is the most adorable mess, made that way by John himself, and he can’t help but smile proudly around his mouthful.  His hands leave Sherlock’s hips, where they have been trying to keep him from bucking up, and move to clumsily open his own trousers, reaching for his hard cock and wanking himself in time with the bobs of his head over Sherlock’s prick.
He feels Sherlock smile gently against his lips.  “Don’t worry, John.  I won’t.”
Baker Street looked very much the same as it always had from the outside.  To passersby, it could not be gleaned that the building had been almost destroyed, burnt down to its bare bones, torn apart by radicals and terrorists.
When John finally pushes his cock into Sherlock, the tight heat of him is incredible, overwhelming.  Sherlock clenches around him and curses and grits his teeth, fingers gripping the bed sheets and knuckles turning white.  Sherlock feels like he is on fire inside, burning hotter than hell.
“Of course,” Mycroft said, as if he had been waiting for the moment that Sherlock ran away from this, just like he thought Sherlock ran away from everything else.
X.X.X
“You’re huge,” Sherlock whispers, and John has to remind himself that this is the first time Sherlock has ever touched someone else’s cock.  He looks down the length of his body to see Sherlock’s fingers squeeze his prick right underneath the crown of his head, where it is thickest before it tapers down again towards the base of his groin.  “Will it…hurt?” Sherlock asks as he releases his grip and rubs his fingers up and down John’s shaft, too loose to give John any sort of release but still so, so good.  “When you finally take me?”  He sounds a little frightened and John fights back the cloudy haze of his arousal to reassure Sherlock.  John doesn’t want the boy to ever be scared of anything that they do together.
Sherlock, however, doesn’t seem to mind in the slightest.  “You’re safe, John,” Sherlock whispers to him gently, petting him.  “You’re here, with me.  It was just a dream.  That’s all.  Just a dream.  You’re fine.”
John stares wide-eyed at the boy in front of him.  He had thought that Sherlock had been on the verge of tears earlier, when John was rejecting the confession of his feelings, but now he looks simply wrecked.  His hair is a frizzy mess from where John had rubbed his face into it and there are dark splotches of colour on his cheekbones as he tries to keep his emotions in check.  Those beautiful eyes that John has always loved so much are shining a bit too brightly in the light of the coffee shop and he looks like he is seconds away from tears.
,” Sherlock says lowly, pulling John back down against him.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock assures him.  “I know what to do.”
he thinks decisively as he settles into bed that night, pulling the duvet around him and reaching a hand out to click off the bedside lamp, throwing the room into darkness.  Mary rustles under the sheets next to him, but he barely even registers the fact that she is next to him.  His mind is on more important things.
John is shocked by the question coming from the boy’s mouth.  It feels like being punched in the stomach.  “Sorry, what?”
“How do you think it’s coming along?” Sherlock asked, finishing up dumping all of the bedclothes onto the mattress and then turning his back to John, looking about the room that they were in with a pleased smile.
“We are done here,” Sherlock whispered vehemently, rising from his seat.  He couldn’t stand to be in this house, next to that man for one more second.  “I would like to return back to Baker Street.”
John rocked into him, and Sherlock groaned. He had always loved being taken in this position—on his hands and knees, legs wide apart so that he could swallow more of John—and it felt even more amazing than he remembered it being. John was hitting his prostate with each thrust, and Sherlock was crying out, and John was mumbling nonsense behind him, falling forward so that his chest covered Sherlock’s back, ramming into him harder and harder and harder until….
But finally Sherlock stirs, his motor functions slowly coming back online.  He turns his head to look at John and the expression on his face is pure bliss.
“And I want to make you feel that good, too,” Sherlock interrupts him, sliding back against John once more, pressing the man up against the wall again.  John doesn’t even try to fight him this time.  “You didn’t finish,” Sherlock’s voice rumbles over John, deep and slow.  “I want to fix that.”  He manoeuvres John so that the man’s body is twisted to face him again, one leg stretched out completely along the cushion of the booth seat so that he is resting his thigh on the plush vinyl with his other leg dangling over the chair, foot still on the floor.  It leaves his groin decidedly open.  John is still hard, surprisingly, and Sherlock crawls half way on top of him in the small space of the booth so that he can slip a leg of his own between John’s, pressing his thigh against John’s erection.
“Jesus, Sherlock, you’re only supposed to wear one at a time, you know!” he says sternly as he looks at the three squares on Sherlock’s pale skin in horror.  He suddenly doesn’t have the slightest clue about what he is going to do with this boy.  Sherlock Holmes is going to be the death of him, John is sure.
Without another thought, Sherlock rips his own t-shirt off, tossing it somewhere behind John onto the floor of his bedroom before starting to work on John’s navy blue cardigan.  He growls in frustration as he undoes the buttons on the outer layer and realises that he has to contend with the buttons of John’s blue and white plaid dress shirt as well.
John stared at him for a moment, stunned.  “You mean to stay here?” he asked skeptically.  “In this?”  he pointed out the nursery door and towards the staircase.  “Sherlock, there aren’t even any interior walls up in half the flat!”
“Do you understand the consequences of Mr. Holmes’ decision to not come in sooner, Dr. Watson?” he heard Greenwhich asking John, and turned his attention onto the pair of them, his movements decidedly disconnected and his senses a bit fuzzy and slow around the edges.
“How many of these did you buy?” John asks out of curiosity.
That was interesting.  He never knew a doctor to get his hands dirty with those trivial tasks—the preliminary exam was always done by the Physician Assistant or a nurse.  Family practitioners were only interested in the root of the problem.
John makes a sound in the back of his throat and drags Sherlock closer to him by the nape of his neck, kissing him sweetly on the lips.  “Sherlock, I know it’s scary, but I also know that it’s something that you want,” he says.  Suddenly, he begins to worry that he may have misinterpreted the whole thing.  He knows, though, that it has been Sherlock who has been pushing for them to partake in this particular kink, it has been Sherlock who has told him time and time again that it is “fine”.  This has all been Sherlock’s idea, because of Sherlock; John would never have given in to these desires on his own. “Isn’t it?” he asks nervously.
“Ready for it, baby?” he asks Sherlock as he slips his middle finger out of the boy’s arse.  He waits for Sherlock’s small nod before he pushes two back in, wet and slick with lube, pressing tightly against the rim on the inside of Sherlock’s hole.
“Don’t you have any faith in me?” John asks, and there is a bit of incredulity behind his tone, and more than a hint of humor.  “They didn’t call me ‘Three Continents Watson’ because I left partners unfulfilled across the globe, you know.”
from the table and clenching his fists tightly, one hand gripping the handle of his cane until his knuckles are white.  He would never hit her, but their personal possessions have never been so lucky.  “Really, I am.  But I’m not ready to give up on this marriage, even if you are.”  He turns on his heel and marches—as well as he can with his blasted limp—out of the dining room.  His back and shoulders are tensed and straight, and his posture and emotions are military through and through.
“Take this off,” Sherlock pants as he tugs at the hem of John’s undershirt.  “John, take it off.”
When John wakes up in the morning it is to an empty bed.  The spot Sherlock occupied last night is cold now, and John wonders for a moment if he had imagined it all.  But the evidence of it still clings somewhat to his hand and his groin, letting him know it was real.
“So you won’t even let me touch you now?” Sherlock asks him quietly.  John knows Sherlock is trying to hide it, but John can hear an undercurrent of hurt in the deep, settled teenage voice.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up before John and scrawled a quick note on the back of a wrinkled old bill that he found on the kitchen table, placing it on the tea kettle so that John would be sure to find it when he woke.
John shudders underneath Sherlock, thrusting up into him with abandon, wildly, making Sherlock gasp out loud.  He takes the opportunity to pull Sherlock down towards him, press their chests together, take Sherlock’s mouth in a desperate kiss.  The new position changes the angle of his thrusts, and Sherlock groans as John slowly presses into him, pushing his hips back and down to meet John’s body.  Sherlock shifts so that he can put his weight on his hands, making a space between their stomachs for John to reach into, so that John can grab the teen’s cock and stroke it as Sherlock rides him.
But now…
“It’s fine, it’s fine,” Greg said, sounding slightly dazed.  “Jus’ been a long day, tha’s all.”
John lets his mouth slide down farther to Sherlock’s perfect little belly button and along the top edge of his jeans as he continues to thumb at Sherlock’s nipples.  He can feel Sherlock’s stomach moving up and down as Sherlock heaves great breaths of air into his lungs, and John looks a little farther down the pale, thin body until his eyes catch on the straining bulge of Sherlock’s erection inside his jeans.
It has taken them a few tries to become comfortable and familiar with a routine that works for them, but things definitely took a turn for the better once they moved into Baker Street together and had more time to devote to each other and this particular aspect of their relationship.  Now, it seems almost like second nature.
“What?” John’s tone is perhaps a little too harsh but he is still so, so angry.
There were so many people….
“Something a bit stronger for tonight, I think,” he answered the detective inspector with a tired smile, and when the waitress came to take their order, he got himself a double shot of whiskey.
He turned on his heel and tried to walk away from the 3 of them, but one man reached out to grab at his shoulder roughly, the force of the hand so great that it stopped him and turned him around slightly to face the group again.
“Always mine,” John answers back, his voice rough and commanding.  He snaps his hips and pushes himself so deep into Sherlock that he cries out as John’s cock rubs over his prostate, the sounds from Sherlock’s mouth driving John closer and closer to the edge.
So instead of giving Dr. Greenwhich an empty promise about being better behaved next time, he decided to ignore the physician’s comment and change the subject. He was delighted when they let him.
“Cross my heart and hope to die,” John swore.
John sighed loudly, trying to draw Sherlock’s attention as he stood in the middle of the empty room.  But when that didn’t work out, he simply spoke, voice loud and echoing in the bare room around them.  “Sherlock, what exactly are we doing here?”
It’s a very straightforward command, John’s tone sharp and brooking no argument.  Sherlock knows that the Captain is not going to dance around telling Sherlock exactly what the he wants tonight, no, not with that tone.
have a daddy kink!  That’s just disturbing.”
“Why would she agree to it?” John asked after a moment.  He still wore a frown on his face, confused that Sherlock, of all people, could get Mrs. Hudson to agree to being under their employ.
And now…
“Well, that’s good,” Greg said, with genuine relief in his voice.  “I’d hate to see what Sherlock would be like as a scorned lover.”
“I know who ‘Greg’ is John,” Sherlock suddenly snapped out, his thick, dark eyebrows coming together in a frown. “I just didn’t realize you were on a first name basis with him.”
No, instead of discussing the article with Sherlock like the consulting detective had wanted, John had opted to ignore it.  Ignore the idea, ignore the details, ignore Sherlock’s morbid curiosity with it.  Ignore the fact that it could give John something he had always wanted.  Something a deep-down part of him had wanted with Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles at John almost proudly and then launches into a discussion of what poisons he would use if he were seriously interested in seeing the effects on John.  That then turns into a conversation about how Sherlock would murder him, if he was so inclined.  Poison would not be the weapon of choice, the man comes to find out.  Apparently it would be strangulation, something more intimate, for John.  It doesn’t bother John one bit that Sherlock speaks of these things because he knows with absolute certainty that the boy isn’t serious.  He just has a vast amount of knowledge on dreadfully interesting things that he wants to share.  And John will be damned if he doesn’t find it all just as dreadfully interesting as Sherlock does.
could be such an all-consuming force in the world.  Sherlock has a spark of life to him that seems almost as if it is ready to burn out of control, consuming anyone who stands too close.  There is a frightening genius that teeters on the cusp of something great, if only the boy could have a little bit more time to grow into himself.  John thinks Sherlock is an absolute wonder and marvels at his intelligence, his humour, his view of the world every single time the brunet opens his mouth.
“That kid has had a hell of a life,” Mike says to him, his tone still gentle, as if he is explaining something to a child.  “I don’t know everything, but I’ve seen his record.  I know he doesn’t have anyone in his life, but he needs a
“He’s not a slag, I’m not paying him,” John informs his friend, voice tight and clipped.  “We’re together, so it would do you well to watch what you say.”
and the menswear shop that was located next door to the baby store. He suddenly remembered what day the photograph must have been taken on—the day they had told everyone the news, the day they had bought the crib.
who could fuck you better than I can.”  He leans his head down to tear at the back of Sherlock’s neck, wanting to suck another dark, tender love bite into it.  He wants Sherlock to be beautifully bright with bruises for days to come, he wants to burn his kisses into Sherlock’s skin.  “There is no one who knows how to touch you, how to kiss you, how to make you fall apart.  How to put you back together.  Do you understand?  No one.”  He rubs his fingers through the slick fluid that is dripping out of the tip of Sherlock’s cock, and the boy whimpers and moans into the wall that his face is pressed up against.
.  Someone who will take care of him and look out for him.  You’re taking advantage of him,” Mike repeats, stressing the word, “and he doesn’t even know it.  But you do.  I know you do.”
“I wish I could kiss you, too, love,” John tells him, dropping his voice back down to a whisper.  “But you’ll come back soon and then we’ll get to spend the weekend together, and I’ll show you just how much you mean to me.”  He pauses for a moment, wanting to say something but worrying that if he speaks the words too often, Sherlock will stop believing them.  Then he realises he doesn’t care, because they will always be true, whether Sherlock believes them or not.  So he says it anyways.
They reach the door finally and John leans forward to open it, brushing intimately close to Sherlock, their shoulders bumping.  Sherlock turns into him and tilts his face towards John’s in a way that is too familiar to be considered accidental, but John hurriedly opens the door and pulls back, clearing his throat and licking his lips.  His eyes slide nervously over to Mary, who is watching them carefully, though the frown on her face says that she is angry, not suspicious.  John gives Sherlock one final push to get him out of his house and away from his wife as quickly as possible, to be done with this nightmare.
Sherlock instantly stills on his lap and frowns at him.  “Why not?” he asks, genuinely confused.
“Damnit, Sherlock,” he complains on a long-suffering sigh, rubbing his fingers absently over some of the marks.  “You left bruises everywhere again.”
It is then that John thinks he may end up needing a little help to save himself from Sherlock’s insatiable libido.
“Ready for your last one, baby?” John asks, and Sherlock nods vigorously, head pressed roughly against the bed and the cheeks on his face as red as the cheeks of his arse.  John can’t wait any longer and he presses his fingers tightly together then aims carefully, bringing his hand down lighter than before, but still with some force.  The hit is perfect, catching Sherlock’s hole and the soft, sensitive part of his perineum, and John can feel Sherlock’s cock
He climbs the stairs wearily right after dinner, making his way to his bedroom.  He glances at the clock on his bedside table, and sees that it reads 8 pm.  He never goes to bed this early.  Usually, right about now, he’s having a shower—washing off the evidence of being with Sherlock before his wife lies down next to him in bed, close enough to tell if something is off.
John’s frown does not dissipate.  “I don’t understand,” he tells Sherlock, his confusion growing.  Sherlock’s words don’t make any sense—they are already doing what is required for this kind of kink.  John has relented (albeit a bit enthusiastically) to being called “Daddy” and he pays extra attention to taking care of Sherlock when they have sex like this.  He doesn’t know what else is left.
John chuckled slightly as he led Sherlock over to the table that had been pushed against one wall of the drawing room, where there was a mound of presents all wrapped neatly in colorful paper and gift bags.
“Fine,
He gets up to leave awkwardly, meaning only to take the empty dishes back to the kitchen, but in all honesty he doesn’t quite know what to do with himself.  Sherlock, though, misreads his movements.  When John gets up, Sherlock reaches out quickly to stop him, wrapping cold, trembling fingers around John’s wrist.
“I never agreed to such a thing,” Sherlock states matter-of-factly, as if that’s the only explanation he owes Greg.  “Beside it’s ultimately John’s decision, you know that.  I won’t deny him anything that he wants.  So if you’re going to blame someone, it should be him.”
“Good,” Ms. Thompson says, reaching out a small hand to rub tentatively down John’s arm in a friendly manner.  “I’m so glad that you’re enjoying teaching here.”
“I’ve decided to come out to me family, and introduce them to me boyfriend of 9 years,” the man continued excitedly. “We want to take the pill, too. And we’ve even decided to get married before we get pregnant!” He laughed, as if he couldn’t really believe it himself. “I never wanted to because me family didn’t know about us, but we want to have kids together. And, if someone like you can come out and do it, then why can’t someone like me?”
Piercing blue-green eyes stare at it for a short time before Sherlock asks, “Why don’t you take it off when we’re together?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John said nervously, taking a step away from the shop girl discreetly. “There you are. Thought I had lost you.”
John stared at the man, uncomprehendingly.  “Sherlock, that’s insane,” was all that he managed to get out, past the sudden dryness in his throat.
“You haven’t called me that in ages,” Mary whispers to him, a strange look dancing across her face.  Then she smiles brightly at him, and for a split second John sees the woman that he married, happy and beautiful, the expression in her eyes full of warmth and love for him.
Well, that was Sherlock’s own damn fault.  Not John’s.
He tried to open his mouth to speak to John, but before he could, the blonde man moved aside, out of Sherlock’s line of sight, and Dr. Greenwhich took his place, looking stern and very professional.  Not at all like what he looked in the comfort of his own office.  “Mr. Holmes,” he said, “I want to assure you that everything is going to be okay.  We are prepping the O.R and then we’ll bring in the anesthesiologist and hook up your IV’s.  It shouldn’t be but a few more minutes until we are ready to deliver your baby.  Tell me, how long has it been since the pain started?”
“Would you like that, Sherlock?” he asks coolly, pretending to be unaffected by the topic.  “Me punishing you when you don’t behave?  Is that something you want me to do?”  He knows that Sherlock likes a rough hand in bed sometimes, and that he likes it when John is possessive and dominating to a certain extent.  John figures that he shouldn’t be surprised by Sherlock’s reaction to his words at the moment; this is just another aspect of domination, he supposes.  It is control, with an undercurrent of discipline behind it.  An idea which John can support wholeheartedly when it comes to his headstrong teenage lover.
But Lestrade would not be put off by a snarky comment and a thunderous look.  “It seems like it, Sherlock,” he agreed, continuing to prod the brunette man.  “And you have to admit that you’ve done just that thing before, in the past.”
And Sherlock is.  He is gorgeous.  He is slightly smaller in size than John, but that is to be expected because of his age.  It isn’t a fair comparison, anyways, because John knows his own cock is slightly larger than average.  It’s not such a big difference that it requires bragging about, John has learned over the years, but it is enough to have been a help or a hindrance in the past, depending on the situation.  Sherlock’s cock is definitely more slender than John’s, which is thick and flares out slightly past the crown before it tapers back down past the head of his shaft.  Sherlock’s prick is a decent enough length, though, and the tip is uncut like John’s own.  The foreskin has fully retracted in Sherlock’s arousal and John can see that Sherlock is leaking copiously down along his shaft, which has flushed an angry red colour.  Sherlock is almost completely hairless down here as well, except for a small, thick thatch of dark, dark pubic hair at the base of his cock.  His balls are drawn up tight against his body already, as if he is minutes away from releasing, no matter if he gets stimulation or not.  The bones of his hips jut out alarmingly on either side of his pelvis, framing his groin peculiarly.
Sherlock smirks at him as he exits John’s house, turning around on John’s front step to grace him with one last devilish look.  “I look forward to it, Mr. Watson.”
“John!”  He saw Sherlock reach a hand out, and he tried desperately to grab at it, but the brunette was too far away, the crowd was too strong against him, and he couldn’t reach.
Everything else that Sherlock opened were standard baby shower gifts—useful, everyday things, many of which Sherlock and John had lost in the fire.  Receiving blankets and bottles, diaper genies and clothes.  There was a bassinet, a changing table, a stroller and a baby carrier, all thoughtfully given with gift receipts so that Sherlock could go and exchange them all for better models.
Sherlock smiles back at him, a dazzling, blindingly happy smile full of trust and love and warmth, because John figures that Sherlock knows exactly what he is thinking.  Sherlock is insightful like that.
“I’m telling you, Sherlock, it works.”
John had been right about one thing: his whole body ached for days after his little tryst with Sherlock on the living room floor, and he was horrified to see dark, almost bruise-like love bites forming on his neck from where Sherlock had bitten him—a few in places that the stiff collars of his button-down shirts couldn’t even hide.
Sherlock gives up his struggle against John’s arms and relaxes back into the man once again.  “It’s your own fault, you know,” he tells John, as if it is all so obvious.
He wants to tell Sherlock that it shouldn’t matter what other people think of the teen; the only thing that should matter is what John thinks of him, what John wants from him.  But John knows these thoughts are more than a bit not good.  He isn’t the only thing in Sherlock’s life, and the fact that he wants to be—that he feels this all-consuming
But he was also happier.  So much happier than he had ever been.  He had Mrs. Hudson, and John, and their baby and a group of good friends who would do anything for him, he knew that now.
“He can’t understand why I’m not more like him,” Sherlock continues, fiddling with the edge of his coffee cup now and not looking at John.  “Motivated, ambitious, driven, successful.  By my age he was in a better school, getting better marks, and he expects the same out of me.  He thinks that just because we are brothers then that must mean that we share similar experiences during childhood.  Therefore he feels that I should have the same drive as he does and that my raising shouldn’t be the reason that I am not like him.  If he could become successful, he believes that I should, too.”
lightly.
There are no words.  There doesn’t need to be.
Sherlock smiles in child-like happiness.  “Yes,” he says, his grin growing.
Well, John will change that.  John isn’t going anywhere.
This was where he belonged, right here beside Sherlock, holding the man’s hand as they made it through this ordeal together.
If the woman disapproves of his choice, she doesn’t say anything to him about it.  John has to give it to Mycroft; at least the man knows how to pick decent staff who know when to mind their own business.
John has had anal sex before, a number of times.  It has just been a long time since he last did it.  He and Mary were always off-again-on-again at the beginning of their relationship during university, and John dated a number of adventurous girls and also a decent amount of blokes during their many breaks.  However, the last time he was with a man was thirteen years ago now.  Mary had never been a fan of anal sex but he had finally gotten her to relent a few years into their marriage, though they never did it often.  It has been over two years since the last time he has penetrated anyone anally for sex.
He tried not to panic.  He could make his peace with the awful middle name, he knew, and he even kind of liked the fact that his son now carried a piece of John’s family history with him wherever he went, but he had been very adamant about the last names, and his stomach roiled uncomfortably at the fact that his child was now stuck with two separate surnames forever, and not a combined one.
He moves his hips slowly, already feeling close to the edge, right on the precipice.  Sherlock does that to him, all of the time.  Takes him to the verge and leaves him there, desperate.  But John doesn’t want this to be that way right now.  He wants this to be soft, slow.  He wants to drown Sherlock the way that Sherlock drowns him.  He wants Sherlock to know.  He wants Sherlock to know just how wonderful John thinks that he is.  He always wants Sherlock to know, to never forget.  He would do anything for Sherlock, give up anything, throw away everything, fight anyone.  And he wants Sherlock to know why.
But Sherlock simply pouts and frowns, crossing his arms over his chest.  “I don’t want to,” he says petulantly, and John can hear the quivering beginnings of a tantrum in his voice.  John had been right: Sherlock does want to be in his headspace, though he won’t admit it, but he is fighting it so hard that if John is not careful and Sherlock goes into “little” mode, it will be a stroppy, bratty, hurt Sherlock that John has on his hands instead of his sweet, cuddly little honeybee.
He lies there for a moment, trying to catch his breath as he lets his thoughts swirl about his head.  In the aftermath, he has a habit of feeling slightly guilty and dirty over what they have done.  He knows he shouldn’t, but he just can’t help it.  He always tries to reconcile the dignified, brilliant boy who lives outside these walls with the one who lets John do all of these filthy, naughty things to him.  The one who can take John’s cock up his arse, and call him “Daddy”, and still rattle off lightning fast deductions, and read people’s lives from their clothes, and be amazing and brilliant.  But, try as he might, he finds that he just can’t.  They are two wholly different people—the Sherlock who faces the world outside and the Sherlock who is curled up on his bed next to him, sweaty and sated.
“Hello, Mr. Watson,” he hears Sherlock say coyly, just as Mike says, “John, you have to hear what Sherlock did to the Thompson twins—”
“You…you do?” John asks, disbelieving.  He knows, though, that Sherlock would never lie to him.  Needless to say, he is still confused as hell.
“Sherlock, look at me when I’m speaking to you, and answer me when I ask you a question.  Do you want me to punish you when you misbehave?”  John’s voice softens as he continues, “This is important, love.”
But across from him, Lestrade shook his head and frowned.  “Not about that,” he replied.  “It’s…about John, actually.”
“Not a chance.  Aloysius.”
Sherlock looks at him with wide, fearful eyes, so dilated that they look almost black from where John is standing.  He hardly even looks like himself and John can’t stand to lay eyes on him for a second longer.  Sherlock nods his head in response to John’s question and John only catches a glimpse of the movement before he is turning away from the brunet.
And suddenly Sherlock let out a great big huff of annoyance, and a profanity he only said in the midst of a passionate round of love-making slipped past his lips.
The smirk is completely gone now and Sherlock stares at John through a blank, expressionless face.  Then a small frowns creases the skin between his thick eyebrows and John can see his eyes flicker ever so slightly over the teacher, as if the boy is looking for something, contemplating something.  Whatever it is, Sherlock seems to find it, because after a moment’s pause he responds.
They sat there for a moment longer, in a silence that was slightly less uncomfortable, before Greg spoke up again.  “I’m sorry,” he said, shaking his head.  “I’ve been a twat.  You guys didn’t…” he trailed off and sighed, running his fingers through his short salt and pepper hair.  “Are you going to be okay?” he asked finally.
Mary bites her lips to keep them from trembling, and he can see her eyes fill with tears even from where he is sitting, across the room.  “Why are you doing this, John?” she wants to know, and her voice cracks harshly, making him wince.  He always hated it when she cried.  “To teach me a lesson?  To hurt me, to show me how much I hurt you?  Well you’ve proved your point, so you can just stop it now.  Please, just stop,” she begs, and the first of her tears fall, trailing light traces of mascara down her face.
That stopped him dead in his tracks.
“John!” Sherlock shouts out, struggling against the blond’s hold, but he is too thin and too tired to be any kind of a match for the ex-soldier.  “I need to finish calculating the growth rate of that bacteria!”
More constructions workers were inside the building, groups of them carrying long planks of wood, some of them hammering away at studs, a couple working on the bare wiring that John could see through the exposed walls all around him.
It is a nice change from the crippling, erection-wilting humiliation that he has felt in the past when Sherlock has tried to bring up John’s interest in this sort of thing.
At Sherlock’s soft words John’s orgasm uncoils, burning through his body and sparking outwards in a rush.  John comes, his hips stuttering and his thrusts turning shallow as his body gives out with the force of his climax.
“That is one of the sexiest things I’ve ever seen in my life,” John tells him with a salacious grin.
Sherlock is in no position to know what is best for himself, to know what is right.  So it has to be John.  It
After a while, Sherlock pulls away from him, and John is reluctant to let him go.  His hands continue to wander across Sherlock’s silk-clad body, revelling in the feel of him, and Sherlock laughs happily.  “I hope you have the energy for an entire weekend with me, old man.  Because I’m not going to go easy on you.”  He gives John a sinful look, full of hunger and promise.  “I’ve been waiting for you to fuck me for so long that I’m not going to let you stop for two whole days, John.  Think you can keep up?” Sherlock asks, his grin deadly-sharp at the edges.
He must have made a noise in the back of this throat, because John suddenly spun around, caught off guard, but he smiled happily when he saw that it was Sherlock who was standing in the doorway.
“Yes you are.”
John stays on the bed and stares across the room at the teenager before him, this boy that he is risking everything for, that he can’t pull himself away from, even when he knows it is the best thing for him.  The blue silk material of his dressing gown flows around Sherlock’s body like a shimmering sheet of water, almost ethereal against the pale thinness of Sherlock’s frame.  John feels his love for Sherlock flare up inside of him, burning brightly.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide as he stares at John, shining wetly at just the mention of a spanking from his daddy.  “No,” he answers in a tiny, wavering voice that cracks in anxiousness.
“John?” she asks sleepily, voice groggy.  “What are you doing?  Did someone ring?”
Sherlock takes him wonderfully, just like John has taught him after all this time.  The teen’s hands tighten on his thighs and John can feel Sherlock’s breath come out in a large strangled huff through his nose against the soft, curly hair at the base of his shaft.  He presses Sherlock’s face deeper into his groin and he knows that he can’t hold Sherlock on him for much longer, but he savours the sweet heat of it for just a second more.  Sherlock swallows around him, trying to cough, and John pulls him back in a rush, looking down at him as Sherlock gags and gasps for breath.
“I love you, and I want you to have them.  They’re yours,” John whispers against Sherlock’s mouth, pressing kisses to his lips between his words, sealing them there.  “They always were.”
John realises suddenly with a satisfied, pleased sense of selfishness, that he is the only one who has ever touched Sherlock like this.  He is the only one, ever, to touch Sherlock with any kind of love or care, but more importantly, he is the only person to touch Sherlock’s body with lips and cock and tongue, and to show him love this way.  And if John has his way, he will be the last.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something—to argue with John, the man is certain—because he has that look in his quicksilver eyes.  That resilient, reasonable shine that gets John into so much trouble.  So John cuts him off before he can bring up something else.
“What?” he repeats.
“My data is not inaccurate,” Sherlock argued, and he tried to force himself to believe his own words.  “He will be a part of this.  One way or another, sooner or later.  He will come back.”
John laughs at the adorable put-out look on Sherlock’s face.  “So it’s just been deductions about stay-at-home mums and waterfowl for you?” he asks.
There wasn’t even a cordial greeting between the two men.  Mycroft took one look at Sherlock—pale and shaky still from his bout of evening sickness and the sallow look of his skin from the days spent vomiting and in pain— and frowned deeply.  “Oh, Sherlock,” he said softly, the fire crackling comfortingly behind him in the hearth.  “What have you done this time?”
of a bottle of lube being opened, the loud gasp as a body is finally penetrated by sure and steady fingers.  A sharp moan and an inhalation of breath split the heavy silence.
John laughs, because at least Sherlock hasn’t slammed the door in his face or started throwing anything at him yet, so he figures they are probably okay.  “Yeah, it is,” John says with a cheeky grin.  “What?  Not good?”
each other.  And Sherlock has no one—that John has seen, at least—that he spends any amount of time with at all.  John knows how lonely that can get.
But when he gets in, it isn’t his shirt that she notices after all.  She is coming down the entryway towards him and he hasn’t gotten any farther than just inside of the door so he can’t step away from her as she heads for the sitting room off to John’s right.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything and John tries not to let the hurt flit across his face.  “Right,” he says, and turns to leave, because he’s not going to stay and make a fool of himself.  “Right, I’ll just leave, then.  Sorry.”
Instead, Sherlock is simply staring at him calmly, placidly, a deep red flush of pleasure staining his cheeks, and John must be losing his bloody mind but he thinks he sees the hint of a smirk curling the corner of Sherlock’s lips.  Those soft, warm lips that just a second ago were—
Greg drops John’s chin and turns to glare at the younger man, a dark, thunderous look coming over his face.
Back then it was a self-doubt in his own senses, the things he had seen and heard on that previous night.  But this was worse.
And for the rest of the night, his mobile stays blessed silent.
With these thoughts in mind, John steels himself for the conversation.  He squares his shoulders back and sits ram-rod straight, using every bit of his military bearing to intimidate the younger male in front of him.  “Sherlock, you can’t keep doing things like that,” John tells him, voice stern and hard.  He sees Sherlock flinch slightly at the sound of his tone, and tries not to let his resolve waver.  “It makes me uncomfortable and you force me into compromising situations.  Once you send pictures like that over texts they stay as virtual information forever; they can’t be deleted.  They are tracked.  Now, if my wife gets curious and wants to go through my text messages, all she has to do is request a transcript from our provider.  And anyone else who might want to dig a little deeper into our relationship can see everything we’ve sent.  Do you understand what I’m telling you, Sherlock?  Do you see why I’m angry?”
give in to the mad genius.  He’s proven that a million times over by now.  Sherlock must not know that, however, because he continues to stare at John wide-eyed.  His child-like trepidation is what finally pushes John past the point of rationality, and he is suddenly desperate to encourage Sherlock to continue.
It takes Greg a moment to comprehend the situation, because at first he doesn’t see John sitting naked in his chair, the doctor has gone so still and quiet.  Greg’s eyes fall on Sherlock first, but the dark smirk on the consulting detective’s lips must give something away, because John sees Greg’s gaze immediately dart over to him.  At the deep, penetrating look Greg gives him, John blushes ferociously and has to force himself to maintain eye contact with his husband.
made his own fate, with the choices and decisions that were his alone.
He held it out for John to see, and the blonde man made his way cautiously over to Sherlock and then reached over to take the picture from his hand.  When he saw what it was, a smile split his face, genuine and wonderful in its intensity.  It erased all the worry lines on John’s face and Sherlock could see the dimples in the corners of his mouth, which he only got when his smile was big enough to reach epic proportions.
“Sherlock, that’s twisted,” he breathes out, caught somewhere between arousal and horror, but he thinks the arousal might be winning.  “And hot as hell.  You dirty little angel, come here,” he growls as he grabs at Sherlock’s shoulders and pulls the boy back towards his mouth.  There is something decidedly filthy about the thought of Sherlock telling his wife about their affair without her realising it that John doesn’t want to dwell on for too long, but his thickening prick seems to find the idea disturbingly intriguing.
It had hurt him to hear John call him selfish; the word implied that he didn’t do anything for other people and that was not the kind of life he wanted to live, now that he was having a child.
But when the stubborn boy refused to take a safeword the first time, John knew that getting him to use the one John practically had to force on him was going to be almost impossible.  So John had created a backup.
That catches Sherlock’s attention.  “The city?  London?  You’ll really—it’s okay if we go there together?”
When he is done with the bed, John makes his way back into the en suite and helps Sherlock out of the tub, draining it of water and wrapping the boy up in a large fluffy towel which he pulls from the linen cupboard.  They don’t speak—haven’t done since John led Sherlock into the tub—but John finds that the silence is comfortable, caring.  Sherlock is pliant underneath his fingers as John rubs him dry, his skin warm from the bath and his hands reaching for John.  John lets him reach, because he can’t stop touching Sherlock, either.  While he dries him, John trails kisses along each piece of skin he uncovers.  He nuzzles Sherlock’s neck and presses chapped lips just below Sherlock’s ear, into the crooks of Sherlock’s limbs, and against the flat planes of his damp skin.
“I don’t understand why I have to be there, John,” Sherlock said, his tone unhappy and his scowl childish, much like the cross of his arms as he sat in the library of Mycroft’s house, where he was spending most of his time if he wasn’t on a case.
Sherlock lifts his head, looks at him desperately.  His eyes are red and his lashes have clumped together from the unshed tears that he has rubbed away on John’s shirt, and he bites his lip anxiously.  “Stay with me again this weekend,” he whispers, hands clenching at the fabric on John’s chest.  “The whole weekend.  Just the two of us.  Show me how much more you love me than her.  Let me know that I still belong to you.”
But John knows this, too.
Once Sherlock is finished coming, John immediately dives back down to kiss him.  After Sherlock climaxes is John’s favourite time to kiss him, when he is unresponsive and gasping against John’s mouth.  His pale body goes soft and pliant, utterly limp and sated, and John loves the fact that
At that, Sherlock’s mouth snaps shut with an audible click of his teeth.  He is quiet and complacent until they get into John’s bedroom and the man begins to turn the bed sheets down so that Sherlock can get underneath them.  Once John has them pulled back, he steps away and silently gestures for Sherlock to lie down.  Instead, Sherlock just stands by the side of the bed and glares at him.
Sherlock stands from the table abruptly, making all of the science equipment and their tea cups rattle violently.  He grabs up his tepid tea and dumps it suddenly onto the front of John’s shirt, being sure to splash his crotch as well.
to make sure that Mike is absorbed in the newspaper, he types out his response.
“Dr. Watson!”
They pass the rest of the night this way, comfortable and easy.  John has completely forgotten the incident when he first arrived, the gut-wrenching thought that he will have to stop these visits with Sherlock because they are becoming too familiar with one another, too…
“Look at that,” John says soothingly, voice hushed and quiet.  He rubs along Sherlock’s back, up his neck and into his hair, combing through the soft curls.  “You can ask so nicely, Sherlock.  That’s beautiful.”  He preps Sherlock as quickly as he can with one finger, getting him ready for two, and although he thinks that Sherlock still needs a few minutes more to get used to the stretch, he won’t deny his little boy anything.
John laughs at his tone. “Yes, you do,” he tells the boy.
John huffs impatiently, his temper rising as he glares at the ill-behaved child in front of him.  “Someone’s being a rotten little goblin today.  Do you want a spanking, Sherlock?  Is that it?” he asks harshly.
But the detective inspector would not be silenced so easily.
Sherlock’s blush grows and he continues staring at the ground.  “Yes, Daddy.”
Sherlock’s mouth was tentative at first, his tongue flashing out to lick at the head softly a few times before taking just the tip into his mouth, his tongue pushing out to sweep along the sensitive underside and a little farther down the shaft.  John groaned at the feel of it, at the hesitance and uncertainty he could feel in Sherlock’s mouth, so unlike the man’s usual, self-assured demeanor.
Sherlock huffs in irritation, as if he is the one who is put out, and crosses his arms as he sits up in bed, leaning against the headboard.  “I love you, and I can’t wait until we can start our lives together,” he grouses, but John can tell by the soft, affectionate sound of his voice that he means the words.  “Is that an acceptable enough reason to be woken up in the middle of the night?”
And then there were the messes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s dramatics. “15 weeks ago we had enough sex to last you through next year, John,” he chastised. “Leave me alone and let me curl into myself and die in peace.” To drive his point home, Sherlock began moving beneath the doctor, forcing John to shift off of him and allowing Sherlock to curl almost all 6 feet of himself up into a slightly-ridiculous looking ball on the short couch cushions.
John pushes Sherlock’s arse cheeks apart once again and leans in slightly closer.  He can smell Sherlock, mixed with the synthetic fragrance of the lubricant that they use.  Sherlock’s body’s natural scent is stronger here, something musky and dark and warm.  John breathes it in deep and his stomach and groin tighten at the intimacy of it.  Sherlock smells like love, he smells like home, and John’s head reels from the familiarity of it.   Without thinking, he flicks his tongue out and lets it slide over the soft skin behind Sherlock’s bollocks, and he can hear the teen’s breath hitch even from his spot in between Sherlock’s legs.  John lets his tongue lick over the soft globes of Sherlock’s balls, feeling them move against his lips, warm and full.  Then he slides back across to place another hot, messy kiss to that sensitive spot behind the boy’s testicles, where the skin is tight and flat and untouched, dipping down into the entrance of his arse.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock cries out, his hands coming up to tangle in John’s short hair, looking for something to steady himself against.
John shudders and moans.  “Sherlock, we
Sherlock squirms underneath him, pretending to try to get away from John’s touches and his mouth, but they both know his efforts are only half-hearted.  “No,” he says with a content little sigh.  “Feels good now.”
Sherlock smiles back at him for a moment before asking, “So what did you do?”
When their kisses taper off, Sherlock looks up at him, and John knows there is still something he wants to say, so he waits patiently for Sherlock.  He’d wait forever, if he had to.
, isn’t particularly
And before Sherlock could stop to think about what he was doing, before he could try to rationalize a better solution to the situation, before he could even worry about the consequences of his actions, he pulled a fist back and punched Anderson squarely in the face, his hand meeting the other man’s nose with a very satisfying, very loud, cracking sound.
And he understood suddenly, why John was so tired of this.  Sherlock realized in that moment, just how much weight he had put onto John’s shoulders.  Weeks, months, even years, he had been piling more and more onto John, had been doing so ever since they had first met, and Sherlock was finally beginning to understand that all of those things people had been saying about him being selfish—John, Lestrade, Mycroft—well, maybe they were true after all.
Unfortunately, the symptoms didn’t stop at just a frequent need to relieve himself and a few harsh words to John or the other police officers who inevitably annoyed him during a crime scene investigation, no.  There was now an un-ignorable swelling in his hands and feet, and an incessant cramping on his right side that was almost as unbearable as the reconstruction process of the Synathida pills.
“Sherlock,” John says softly, giving him a gentle tug on his shirt sleeve.  “Come along, then.”  The tanned blond is grinning at Sherlock, and John wants to get his lover away from the other teenager as quickly as possible.  It’s not the mocking grin of someone who is making fun of Sherlock—it’s the playful, flirtatious smile of someone who finds Sherlock adorable, and John doesn’t like it one bit.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, his breath hitching as John’s tongue came out to paint a hot, wet trail from his hip bone and up along the sensitive side of his stomach.  His hands came up to thread through John’s short, dusty blonde hair, fingers curling around the soft tendrils when John’s mouth threatened to undo him.
Sherlock twirled to face him then, long over coat still on because the brunette man hadn’t flipped on the electric breaker for the building yet.  “It’s ready now, John,” he answered the blonde man, an unreadable look in his sea green eyes.
The doctor maneuvered Sherlock into the downstairs bedroom, Sherlock’s room that they had taken to sleeping in together after they had made their relationship physical.  As gently as he could, he laid Sherlock on the bed, undressing him slowly and pulling the covers up around him when he had removed all of his clothing, tucking him in, like a child.  Then he got up and walked around the bed.
His cock fills out a little more inside his trousers and he quickens his pace towards the inn.
Sherlock feels so fragile above him that John thinks he might shatter the boy if he holds him too tightly, but the desperate fear churns in his stomach that Sherlock will fly away from him if John doesn’t hold him tight enough.  He doesn’t know what to do, how to proceed into this new, frightening territory, so he simply continues stroking Sherlock’s cock while his other hand runs incessantly along Sherlock’s side and back, his lips touching every bare piece of flesh that they can.
John’s breath catches in his throat.  “Oh fuck, Sherlock, fuck fuck fuck—”  His hand works over his stiff prick furiously, gripping tightly and twisting at the end, smearing his palm with precome.
Later in the evening, as he is lying in bed after having a quick dinner with Mike down at the hotel restaurant, John texts Mary again.
The brunette man could do nothing but sigh and comply.
Sherlock exhales a shaky breath.  “And here,” he whispers, pointing to his wrist with his other hand, his eyes never leaving John’s.
Sherlock had never been a neat man.  His genius wouldn’t allow it.  Who had time for picking up after oneself when there were theories to be proven, codes to be cracked, problems to be solved?  All of the strange props he used for cases usually got dropped wherever was most convenient when he managed to finally get home after a case, and books, notepads, and loose sheets of paper generally covered every square inch of desk space, floor space and even the walls.  It was something John had grown accustomed to—over a long period of time—but Mycroft seemed adamant that his home not be treated as another Baker Street.
“It’s one of my students, Mary,” he tells her, because he won’t be able to lie about where he’s going at this time of night—it’s too dangerous.  “I think something’s wrong.  I need to go check on him.”
“What are we doing, Mary?” John asks her, because he honestly, doesn’t know.  He has no idea anymore.  He is so damn tired.  John looks at the woman who he had once been happy to call his wife.  He thinks of her cold countenance, the chill he feels when he thinks of her compared to the warmth of his feelings for Sherlock, and he doesn’t even know why he was trying to fight for them in the first place now, why he wanted them to work out and stay together.  He knows that he has been telling himself that it is best if he waits until the end of the school year to leave her, but he can barely even remember why he thought that was better than this, better than what they are doing to each other now.  “What are we still doing with each other?” he wonders out loud.  “Why don’t we just get divorced?”
that neither of them notice.  John tears his lips away from Sherlock’s skin long enough to look at him, and he sees that Sherlock’s mouth is slack and his eyes are glazed over.  The two spots of colour on his cheeks from his anger earlier have exploded outwards into a beautiful flush that covers his entire face and creeps down his long, pale neck.
.  “Even at a secondary school level, where children are supposed to be more mature by this age, you have seen the results of my…peculiarities.  I managed to advance through sixth form and that’s why I’m taking my A-Levels at the end of the year.  But the results of leaving peers of my own age behind were…disagreeable.  I’m not good with people.  If I were to go to another school, I’m afraid the consequences would be just as…unpleasant, if not more so.”
John’s balls clench at the feel of the heat coming off of Sherlock’s body, drawing up tight in preparation for release, and he’s hardly even been touched.  He takes a deep breath to calm himself and strokes his cock to spread the remaining lube over it.
He thought he had hurt before, when he had been cheated on by his wife, when he had been shot, when he had been discharged from the Army, when he had given up his career as a surgeon, when he had hurt Sherlock’s feelings.  But this…this
“I will not be ignored, Sherlock,” he tells the child angrily.  Sherlock opens his mouth, looking intent on saying something rude and no doubt hurtful, but John cuts him off before the bratty teen can get so much as a word out.  “Do you understand me?” he asks, tone sharp.
The heat of Sherlock’s body is indescribable, gripping John’s cock like a vice.  Sherlock slides up and down him, the movement slick and smooth, and John can feel every twitch and clench of Sherlock’s muscles around him.  He struggles to breathe through the unbelievable pleasure of it, gripping Sherlock’s hips tighter as he feels Sherlock grind down on him.
John leans over the tub and grabs up the duck, wrapping his fingers around it, the plastic shiny with water.  “This will be just between you and me, all right, baby?” he asks Sherlock.  “Promise?”
he prays frantically.
“Of course, Mrs. Hudson,” they both said in unison, and said landlady gave them a smile and blew them a kiss before turning around and leaving them alone.
“Don’t,” John says with a shake of his head, not even letting Sherlock finish his sentence because he already knows what Sherlock is going to say.  He is going to ask if John is sure that he wants to give Sherlock such an important part of himself, which is stupid—of course John is sure.  John has never been so sure of anything in his whole life.
John simply glares right back at her, not fooled by her hurt for even a moment.  “Yeah, well, I could say the exact same thing to you,” he says to her coldly before he grabs up his car keys and leaves his house, sick of the sight of her.  He drives around until he finds a pub and spends the next few hours drowning his anger and hurt in whisky, wondering how he let his marriage—his
John stops, hand on the door, so close to walking out.  He sighs, and his stomach clenches because he knows exactly what she thinks she has to do.  It was the reason he was so scared of anyone finding out about Sherlock.  He takes a deep breath, unworried now after his talk with Mycroft.  The elder Holmes had given his word that he would do what he could for John and Sherlock’s unique situation, to help his little brother and finally do something to take care of Sherlock.  At this moment, John knows that Mycroft almost certainly has put surveillance on Mary’s mobile and will be intercepting any call she makes.  He basks in the moment of safety and security and his hand grips the doorknob.
He can feel Sherlock’s body grow tight and rigid against his own, and John knows that he is close.  He can hear it in the desperate noises Sherlock is making; needy little sounds that make John’s balls draw up tight against his body.  He knows that he isn’t going to last very much longer, either.  The hand that has been sitting on Sherlock’s hip drops lower to grab at the boy’s stiff, leaking cock, and Sherlock practically wails.  Sherlock reaches out to grab at John’s arm where it holds him up against John’s body across his pale torso.  John pumps Sherlock’s cock in time with his deep thrusts, dropping his head down to Sherlock’s shoulder to kiss at the sweat-covered, slick skin there.
That seemed to draw the pregnant man out of himself for a moment.  He looked over at John, as if just remembering that the blonde man was there, and his gaze shifted to the ceiling above their heads.  “Ah, yes.  I had the construction workers help me bring in a few of the heavier pieces of furniture.  They put everything that we got from the baby shower up in the nursery.”
John grins and thrusts again, loving the strangled little noises Sherlock is making as the man assaults his prostate.
“If he didn’t love it so damn much, I wouldn’t do it in the first place,” Sherlock responds, and Greg knows that’s the God’s honest truth.  John Watson means too much to both of them for either man to ever do anything that would hurt him, or deny him that same hurt.
The water comes out of the showerhead too hot but John doesn’t adjust it.  He knows that it will cool down after a time, the longer he is underneath it.  And if what he has heard about these pills is the truth, he knows he may be standing there for a while.
He shivers and trembles as Sherlock’s finger rubs over his arsehole, petting him gently.
, and the answer is so clear.  So simple.
“No, not at all,” John answers truthfully.  “I’d never wish that.”
It takes a moment for a response to come through, and John passes the time by setting his mobile on his thigh and using both hands on himself, one stroking up and down his shaft while the other fondles his balls.  He closes his eyes against the thought of how he must look in the soft, glowing light of the telly, wanking off once again to the idea of Sherlock touching himself.
.”  He pauses and shakes John, trying to get his words to sink in.
An intricate, beautiful design adorned the frame, white vines twining around each other to create a thick metal rope that made up each side of the frame.  The craftsmanship itself was gorgeous, and although he had never paid much attention to things like picture frames before in the past, this particular one reminded him of the old, aged frames his mother had lying all about his childhood home, pictures of he and Mycroft in each one of them.
“John,” Sherlock gasped out as he was thrown against the dashboard of the car when Lestrade slammed it into park.  He winced as a sharp stab of pain tore through his back and down into his rectum, radiating in waves out from there and into his abdomen.
“I should hope so, Mr. Holmes,” Dr. Greenwhich said, looking down at Sherlock’s doll as it hung upside down from his grasp.  “I was watching you as you worked through some of the exercises.  It was…interesting…to say the least.  I’m glad Dr. Watson will be there to help you through it all.”
“Unless you are about to give me a back rub, I suggest you leave. I need to get some sleep.”
John feels Sherlock’s hands drop down to grip the front of his button-down shirt, fingers tangling tightly in the cotton and clenching around it.  He uses the leverage to pull John tighter to him, pushing his groin up to meet John’s.  Sherlock automatically widens his thighs so that John can slot a leg between them and they can rub against each other.
“I should go,” he let the words escape his mouth on a shuddering breath.
“What the hell, Sherlock?” John asks.  His voice is loud and uncontrolled because there is no one in his classroom, the door is firmly closed, and the idea is simply so ridiculous that he doesn’t know what else to say to it.
“You asked me once before what I’ve given up for you,” John turns and says to him on a shaky breath, voice soft in the quiet of the bedroom.  “You said that I haven’t given up anything, that I still have everything that I would have without you.  But that’s not quite true.
“Sherlock,” he begins, not sure what exactly he is going to say to make it better, but the brunet cuts him off, throwing the sheets off of himself and sitting up in his bed, body still bare from their earlier love-making.  John can see streaks of dried, crusting semen on Sherlock’s stomach and thighs because Sherlock doesn’t like to clean off right away; he likes to feel John on him, likes to feel them mixed together.
,” John states rather matter-of-factly, as if all the reasons behind his words should be obvious already.
Sherlock scoffs.  “
John Watson never thought he would end up hating his life at 35.
.  It certainly hadn’t looked it as the pregnant man had been walking over here.
Sherlock comes back to school the next day and John tries not to blush like a bloody schoolboy while he gives his lesson to Sherlock’s class, but he doesn’t succeed.  He figures it is best to pretend that their last conversation never happened, though, and Sherlock seems content to go along with him.  Another week of secret smiles, butterflies in his stomach, four late night cups of coffee and ninety-seven text messages pass by in a blur and before John knows it, the weekend of his first teacher’s workshop is there.  It is just a three-day trip for a few of the teachers to sit in on lectures about effective education management, but he has yet to let Sherlock know that he will be away for the weekend, so when they met at the shop on Thursday night John tells him.
Sherlock comes to him willingly, shuffling forward on knees held prisoner by the waistband of his pyjamas.  He places his hands on John’s thighs to steady himself as he leans over the man’s groin and opens his mouth for John’s prick.  With a jolt of shock, John realises that Sherlock still has one hand clenched tightly around his bear, the toy dangling by its arm from his grasp as he presses his closed fist to John’s leg.  But John doesn’t have time to dwell on the thought as Sherlock runs his tongue clumsily up and down John’s shaft, mouth eager as he takes the tip of it in and sucks hard at it.
Sherlock comes back late Thursday evening.  Too late for John to risk seeing him, although he desperately wants to.  John hasn’t laid eyes on him in over a week and it feels like an eternity.  They text each other through the night instead—so constantly that John has to turn the volume of his message tone down just so that Mary won’t ask any questions—and make plans for the next day.
He stares down at it for a moment, unsure what to do with it.
Sherlock shrugs, oblivious to John’s thoughts.  “I guess.  I haven’t really noticed.  I usually just talk to the skull when you aren’t here.”
, for Christ’s sake.  Where they keep the frozens!  It’s all a bit ridiculous, if you ask John, and not exactly what he had been expecting when he moved in with his young lover.
Lestrade sighed and rubbed a hand over his unshaven jaw.  “I can put out a warrant for his arrest.”  He pointed to the brunette sitting between them by their legs and continued.  “If Sherlock can describe him to a sketch artist, we can find him.” And then he turned to the pregnant man, and Sherlock could tell by the set of his mouth that he wasn’t going to like what the detective said next.  “But, Sherlock, you have to understand that you are illegally carrying a handgun.  I have to confiscate it and write it up.”
Sherlock is slightly smaller than John, which is to be expected given his age.  Yet, like the rest of Sherlock’s body, he is very nearly hairless here, too.  There is only a small, thick, dark patch of curls on the mound of his pubic bone.  His testicles are bare and John knows that they turn an angry-looking red colour when the teen is severely worked up and they tighten, with no hair there to hide them.
Sherlock watches John watching him, body obediently still and pliant without having to be told.  He stares at John out of eyes that are the palest green John has ever seen, so bright and so clear that John feels as if he will be set alight from their look alone.
“Punishments, of course,” John replies, as if it is obvious.  “Whatever I see fit.  But it’s not just about you getting punished if you don’t follow the rules.  You’ll get rewarded if you do well, too.”
When they left their flat, twenty minutes later, Sherlock was in a much better mood than he had been in before.
He has no idea how they end up like this, every time.  He says enough is enough, he makes the decision to break it off, to do the right thing, time and time again, and yet…he never can.  They always end up back here.  This, what they have, whatever it is, John knows he will never be able to put a name to, but it is crazy, and it stupid, and it is lovely.  And it is beautiful.
They fall peacefully asleep a few minutes later, tangled up in one another.
Beside him Sherlock seems oblivious to John’s attention.  He has thrown his head back and closed his eyes as John sucks along his long neck.  His fingers clutch at John’s clothing in any accessible place, gripping tightly and tugging to gain leverage as Sherlock tries to thrust his hips against John’s body, but John gently stops him with a soft pressure to his boney hip.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, and when John dares a glance back at him he looks like he really couldn’t care less.
“Because that’s what this is all about, underneath it all, isn’t it, John?” Sherlock asks, mouth still so close to John’s own that the words are messily smeared between them.  Sherlock is rolling his hips on top of John now, fucking John’s hand like he would be riding his cock and John can do nothing but stare at the boy in wonder, insanely turned on and yet trying desperately not to be.  “You like taking care of me; you always have.   From the very beginning, you saw me and you saw a boy who needed saving, someone that needed you to take care of him.”
are going to have a
“Ah!  J-John!”
Sherlock’s stomach tightens suddenly in arousal and he has to close his eyes because it’s too much, it’s perfect, it’s everything that he needs and he is afraid that it’s just a dream.
“I can’t,” he whispered, brokenly.  And he felt tears spring into his eyes then, hot and burning in humiliation and sorrow.
It told him when to eat, when to urinate, when he could sleep, even when he could sit or not. What little solace he was able to find came in the form of sugar-y, jelly filled biscuits that he had to sneak away from John to eat, because the doctor was limiting his intake of sweets and pushing more and more fruits and vegetables on him.
“Yes,” John says, quickly moving the bag out of Sherlock’s reach and behind his back before Sherlock can make a grab for it.  “But you’ll only have it once you’ve eaten dinner.”
They went about each opening a letter, silence reigning over the room broken only by the harsh sound of ripping paper as the envelopes were torn open.  John pulled out a Hallmark card that had ‘Sorry for your loss’ written in calligraphy across the top with some generic picture painted on the front.  Inside, the card was mostly blank except for the standard writing that each card was anointed with, and a handwritten note that said ‘Be strong and soldier on’ in plain, blue ink.  He frowned down at the card for a moment in curiosity before Sherlock’s voice caught his attention.
Sherlock still tastes minty from his toothpaste but underneath it is a flavour that is all him, something soft and subtle that tastes like warm flesh.  John dips his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth to taste more of it.  He brings his hands up to cup the sides of Sherlock’s face so that he can’t move away, even though he knows Sherlock isn’t going anywhere.  He falls into John, against the man’s chest, opening his mouth and meeting John’s tongue with his own, and their kiss becomes wet and slick and desperate.
This wasn’t about his mental abilities or his career achievements. This was about body, plain and simple. This was about the fact that he was—for lack of a better term—a
“Shh, Daddy.  I’m making the rules now, not you,” Sherlock tells him sternly, a frown on his face that John wants to kiss right off of him.  “Rule two: Daddy must cuddle me after every punishment.”
He heaves a sigh but responds.
For once, Sherlock did so without any qualms, if a little awkwardly.
Just before John drifts off, he hears a sleepy, “Love you, Daddy,” mumbled into his neck.
If Sherlock had thought that the few people harassing him before that first newspaper article was released was bad, it was nothing compared to the amount of attention he received after the article’s print.
“John, I seem to find myself rather…erotically charged today.”
John begins to wonder if the boy ever goes home.
Slowly, after a long moment, John lets Sherlock’s softening cock slip out of his mouth.  He leans his head far over to the side, so that his face isn’t being crushed by Sherlock’s groin and he can take in deep mouthfuls of air.  It is an uncomfortable position, with his neck stretched far so that his head can rest on the barely-padded bone of Sherlock’s sharp hip, but at least he can breathe this way.
.  It’s just that he will only eat certain things and he’ll only eat something when
“Well thank God you’re above all of that,” John replies cheekily, letting his eyes roam around the damp, dirty room they are in.
Sherlock finally stumbles into 221b on the fifth day, looking like a right mess, as if he has been hit by a lorry and dragged a few blocks.  John can tell by the set of Mycroft’s shoulders and the unhappy drop of his mouth that the elder Holmes knows right away what is wrong.  John suspects as well, but he doesn’t want to believe it.  They had been doing so well, they were
“You left him here, Mycroft,” John says into the empty stillness around the two men as Mycroft continues to silently read the file on his laptop, his eyes never once leaving the screen.  “In this mess.  You know that it’s not right.”
“Well, I suppose you’re wanting to be left alone, you two,” Mrs. Hudson said, after a moment. “It’s a special time for parents, setting up the nursery; I’ll leave you to it.” She walked to the bedroom door but turned around before she exited, giving them both a stern look. “But don’t think I’ll be babysitting every weekend or up at all hours of the night with the wee one. I’m your landlady, after all, not your housekeeper.”
He frowns down at his pint and licks his lips, turning to his friend with nerves steeled and convictions ready.  He won’t be made to feel guilty about being with Sherlock.  He can’t, not when he knows in his heart that it is right.
Suddenly John understands: Sherlock is trying to prove a point.  He’s trying to let John know that he can be good, so that John won’t make him stop texting.  The man had no idea that having someone—anyone—to talk to meant so much to Sherlock, and he feels slightly guilty for using their friendship as a bargaining chip, but he doesn’t know what else to do.  His life is on the line if things get out of hand, and he won’t throw everything he has away just because Sherlock wants to play at being a grown up.
“I want you.”
John sighs in relief at the out that his friend has provided for him.  “Probably, yeah,” he tells Mike truthfully.
At his question, Sherlock’s legs fall open wider almost involuntarily, as if in invitation, and he moans.  “Yes,” he begs on a whisper, his words turning into a groan.  “Yes, please.”
He is so lost in his own thoughts that he nearly misses what Sherlock says next, it is mumbled so low.
This was something that belonged to Sherlock alone, and the notes of the violin echoed that knowledge.  John could never know the fear of what Sherlock was going through, the uncertainty and the expectation.
The hand that had been holding his thick glass beer mug went slack, dropping the heavy cup onto the tabletop where it bounced and rolled onto the ground, shattering into chunky pieces at John’s feet as the man stood from his chair in a flash, the flimsy wooden seat falling backwards from the force of John getting up.
“John, I miss your cock so much.”
“Relax, kitten,” John whispers to him, placing a soft, placating kiss on his open mouth, “Daddy will get you there.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  John knows he finds it particularly annoying when John is being dense.  “About the man who contacted her.”
His eyes shoot open suddenly, breaking the illusion of night-time.  It is twilight, the fading sun shining weakly through the window of Sherlock’s room and setting everything aflame in a soft pink hue.
—get this bad.
John knows that Sherlock needs this just as much as he does.  Sherlock needs the opposite aspects of it, the part that John can provide.  The discipline, which lets Sherlock know that someone cares enough about him and what he does to himself to correct his self-destructive behaviour; the attention that he never got from anyone, family or otherwise; the comfort of a loving hand which he has never felt; the nurturing, the guidance, the coddling, the care, the playfulness.  Everything that he never had as a child.  Everything that he can get from John, everything that John is more than willing to give him.
life, and
“John,
“Yes, I do,” Sherlock says, looking him dead in the eye, and John lets out a shuddery breath he didn’t know he had been holding.
He knew what this was.  Knew it with a cold chill that was almost enough to break the fever he felt raging in his body.
John groans at the image underneath him.  His resolve wavers as he stares at the wet, plump cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s mouth, thinking about the way it feels around his cock, knowing he shouldn’t even bother putting up a fight anymore.  John suspects that Sherlock actually likes this game mostly because of the fact that he can be an incorrigible little brat yet still wind up getting his way in the end, the little tosser.
John thinks as he frowns slightly.  That can’t be right; Mary never shoves her knees up into his kidneys like this.  Only Sherlock does that.
“Yes,
“It’s not so bad, this,” Sherlock said lowly to John some time later, as the blonde man came back carrying a plate heaping with small sandwiches and other finger foods, which he and Sherlock began to pick off of.
James took one last drink from his cup, the delicate, gold inlaid porcelain looking ridiculous against his dark stained denim jacket and the purple, wrinkled tunic he wore beneath it, and stood up to leave. Sherlock followed suit, to escort the man to the door and John followed close behind them.
Sherlock is more than willing.  He budges up on the sofa cushions so that he is level with John’s cock when the man leans over him, but then lays prostrate there, head turned to the side and mouth open obscenely wide, so that John can use him how he likes.  John finishes undressing and moves into position quickly, standing by Sherlock’s head and groaning when he finally slides his stiff prick into the warm cavern of Sherlock’s waiting mouth.
“God, Sherlock,” John pants, tearing his eyes away from the sight of the plush mouth around him before he comes right then.  He squeezes the base of his cock harder, digging the tips of his fingers under his scrotum for good measure.  He can feel his imminent orgasm recede slightly, but not enough.  “You’re gorgeous, you know that, baby?  Simply gorgeous.”
“Yes,” John told him simply.
“John, again,” Sherlock says a few days later as he clambers on top of the man, heedless of the trouble John is already having trying to catch his breath.
Sherlock rolled crystalline eyes at the man sitting across from him, sighing in resignation.  “That was a bit inconsiderate of me, wasn’t it?” he asked suddenly, and John was so taken aback by those particular words coming out of Sherlock’s mouth that he didn’t even stop to hear the light sarcasm behind them.  “How about we say that it’s a good suggestion, and I’ll consider it.”  There was a moment of incredulous silence as John stared at Sherlock in disbelief.  And Sherlock took advantage of that opportunity to smile charmingly at him and continue, “But still, no.”
“Feels good, Daddy,” Sherlock pants, his head falling forward and dropping against John’s shoulder, his words hitting John’s sweaty skin in moist puffs of ragged air.  “Does it feel good for you, too?”
8 pm and Sherlock doesn’t ever text him at this hour, so John can pretend the silence of his mobile is normal.
He suddenly feels the very urgent need to see that erection completely bared to him.
John has never felt more complete in his life.
“I’m not getting fat, you idiot,” Sherlock answered a bit too loudly, obviously more than a little irritated by Lestrade’s last comment. “I’m creating a Sherlock Jr. and making the world a better place for doing so.”
“I love it when you fuck my mouth,” Sherlock gasps as John works over his cock, bringing a hand up to help as he mouths wetly at Sherlock’s tip, lapping up the copious amount of precome that Sherlock is leaking freely now.  “I love…I love….Oh
Sherlock moves against him silently and John brings his hands up to cling to the boy desperately, his hips jerking into Sherlock’s body of their own volition.  Sherlock thrusts above him awkwardly, and the part of John’s mind that is very aware of how strange and wrong this whole situation is realises that Sherlock doesn’t exactly seem to know what he is doing.  But John is so turned on by the whole ordeal that it doesn’t matter.  He pushes his hips hard and fast against Sherlock and before long he can feel his orgasm build to a crescendo and crash over him.
“Yes, Dr. Greenwhich.  I understand completely.”
“Did you get it?” Sherlock asks impatiently.
He smiled down at John, walking beside him. The doctor was panting slightly, since he was carrying all of Sherlock’s bags and trying to keep up with the brunette’s larger stride. His stomach grumbled hungrily and he had a sudden craving for the kinds of things he knew they would not sell at a vegan restaurant. It was okay, though. He knew John would cave to his cravings after lunch.
“Do you remember your safeword?” John asks, voice soft in the stillness around them.
John simply rolled his eyes and ignored the detective inspector—as usual—but, to his surprise, he heard Sherlock’s deep baritone voice answer Lestrade rather dismissively.
He wonders briefly if he’s gone mad, and then he wonders if going mad is supposed to feel this fantastic.
“Turn around and get back in the flat.”
My crap week ended and I am happy, so I wanted to post again to celebrate :-)
“‘I must be respectful to Daddy at all times when we play’,” John says matter-of-factly.
Sherlock whimpers beneath him, gasping for air in a room that suddenly feels as if it is being taken up completely by John.  John’s touch and John’s words and John’s scent and John’s sweat on his body.  He wants to absolutely drown in the man.  He grasps at John’s arms, a desperate warning because he can feel that now-familiar tightness coiling in his abdomen, that undefinable current of electricity that runs through his body and sets his nerve endings alight.
“Does he do this often?” John asks, voice low.  “Come home in a rage?”
“Wha’? Wha’s happenin’?” he asked sleepily, blinking open his eyes blearily to see that the bedroom was still completely dark. It must have been the middle of the night.
It was gone.
“Up top, John,” Sherlock sing-songed with a devious smile.
“I never should have let it happen to begin with, leaving you in
“Yes,” Sherlock answers him as John makes his way back across the room and settles down, still half-clothed, on the mattress next to Sherlock, erection completely gone now.  The youth budges up under his covers so that there is enough space for John to sit on the bed with his feet propped up, back against the headboard.  When John is comfortable, Sherlock wiggles around a bit to settle back under the sheets close to John, his head pillowed on John’s hip.  “You may begin,” he tells John, and the man tries unsuccessfully to hold back another snort of laughter.
Calm focus suddenly sang through his limbs, and John grabbed the cane, promptly swinging it at the cabbie like a bat. It hammered the side of the face he was still cradling, and he cried out again, falling to the ground. John hurled the cane at his face again, hitting solidly, and the cabbie went unconscious.
“Mm,” Sherlock acknowledged. “And the limp?”
) or flaking out would guarantee he’d never get a spot at that clinic.
“You’re a right murderer,” John said unnecessarily, gazing up from his perched spot at the edge of the faded backseat, its corners on their way to falling apart at the seams. He steeled his gaze, studying the cabbie’s now nervous glances towards the driver’s seat. This was no longer funny. The faces of four civilians, hazy in his memory of the TV, flashed through his mind. John slowly reached next to him and gripped the cool metal spine of his cane, folding his fingers around it in a tight grip.
“-and a lot of danger-”
He jammed his thumb into the heel of his palm, over a particularly deep little white line that cut through the flesh, and sighed through his nose, turning away from the dainty teacup that stared out of the window display. He walked some more, until his leg started throbbing, and collapsed on a bench in the middle of a mildly bustling street. Across the road was a red awning deemed ‘Speedy’s cafe’, and John soaked in the rays of minimal sunlight, tracking the movement of people passing by with vigilant eyes.
“Except you?”
“Hypocritical from a soldier,” the cabbie replied idly. He fiddled with the keys in the pocket of his trousers, and John tuned into the soft jingling as the metals rubbed and clinked against each other. His grip on the fake gun alleviated slightly, threatening to clatter to the blacktop. John could tell the exact moment the man decided to take his chance.
Apparently that was not quite the response Sherlock had hoped for. Microexpressions. Slight retraction from John, tightening at the corner of his lips and eyes. John didn’t know what this meant, and swallowed, watching Sherlock watch him. Then Sherlock agreed, “Yes. It’s late. Though you don’t sleep much.”
he repeated, cursing himself, and God, and feeling for all the world that he should have just taken the sodding tube.
A shadow covered the little warmth from the sky, and John dragged his eyes upward in annoyance, only to catch on Sherlock’s face. John blinked, and Sherlock blinked, too, his hand half raised in something akin to a wave. The knot in John’s chest untwisted, and he felt suddenly so grateful to have embarrassed himself in that interview.
Soon.
“I used my cane as a weapon,” John relayed, and realized then that he didn’t know where the hell his cane was. “Bugger.” He stared morosely at his leg, a pulse of pain prancing through the nerves in his thigh in response to the attention.
“Which was now,” John observed astutely, looking at the cabbie, bent over in a sitting position. His head was lolling a bit, eyes shut as he waited with resignation for the proper authorities to arrive and take him into custody.
John shook his head in sluggish reverence. He huffed out a breath. “I guess not.”
“Course you did, genius.”
. He watched as a tall figure pulled themself gracefully from the cab, flinging a handful of bills through the passenger window. The cab skidded away, leaving a small wave of raised pebbles in its wake. The person stood beneath a glaring streetlight, and his silhouette cut a sharp, inky contrast to the light, as if somebody had taken a snatch of the night sky and placed it on earth.
“-danger? What-”
John inclined his head toward the pile of belongings, the two glass bottles glinting in the light. “Pills, I figure. Said he’d make me kill myself.” The man hummed and didn’t bother standing up, simply lurching towards the pile with catlike precision  and snatching up the bottles. He held them to the light, as if he could discern some sort of secret from them if he looked hard enough, then shoved them into his pocket with a soft rattling and returned to his examination of the cabbie.
The cabbie stirred, and John heightened the pressure of his knee in warning. Blood dripped from his chin onto the cabbie’s sweater, and he quickly wiped the gathering red off his lips and chin, which only smeared it. He licked his lips and it tasted of metal. He spit, cringing.
The man was already staring into the cabbie’s face, who groaned as the man lifted his eyelids with gloved hands, gazing at the pupils quizzically. “I asked how he did it, if he’s the murderer you claim he is,” he replied tightly, moving from one eye to the next. He glanced up at John. “I don’t doubt it, but evidence is typically appreciated by the police.”
“Ah,” nodded John, his own almost-smile twisting across his face, “alright.” He slipped into the police car, cane first, and Sherlock shut the door behind him. The movement was dulled and sluggish, like Sherlock was pulling his arm through molasses.
He did a double take at the ominous black cab and swallowed thickly, his mind running through possible scenarios of… what? Accomplices? A whole underground cabbie murder ring that he’s about to bust wide open?
Sherlock hesitated, his hand raised halfway towards some kind of gesture. It retreated into his coat pocket. “There’s a car outside to take you home,” he told John, and the words were weak, flopping lamely onto the tile between their feet. “Driven by Sergeant Donovan. I can’t attest to her skills as a driver, but I suppose you’ll have to make do.”
His tentative joy dancing through his dawn eyes and over his cheeks in a flush, Sherlock said, “Hungry, then?”
, he thought, groaning inwardly in self-accusation, and his tongue felt like lead in his mouth, his temple beating as he churned through the soup of almost-words in his head, “murderous, erm, cab drivers.”
“Does that bother you?” Sherlock responded. John tilted his head.
John darted his tongue over his bottom lip. “No, I don’t.” He gazed at Sherlock, hoping to stretch the moment on and on, for some reason; stretch it the way genetics had stretched Sherlock’s long, taffy limbs.
John sputtered, his mouth twitching uncontrollably with amusement. The old cabbie furrowed his eyebrows, and something in his gaze faltered, betraying uncertainty even as his shoulders tensed and his spine went straight. “Shoot me?” John chuckled. “Go ahead. Won’t be the first time, mate.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched, his cupid's bow twisting as he caught the inner half of his bottom lip between his teeth. John didn’t even see the teeth, just his lip disappearing slightly, but it still sent an alarm bell of appreciation through his chest. He swallowed.
“Then, yes,” John said around another chuckle, “it’s the depression. PTSD. And, or. Both, maybe.”
There was no bullet, no gunsmoke, and no blood splatter. John knew that this would happen, and he smiled impishly as the fluttering blaze from the end of the lighter cast soft heat an inch from his eyelid.
“Oh,” he said stupidly, and Sherlock’s hands slipped away, leaving palm-sized fire in their wake. John opened and closed his mouth. “I’ve never been much of a looker, anyway,” he whispered lamely.
He tipped John’s head back a bit, and John was vaguely aware of a dozen footsteps approaching them. “Your neck. He nearly strangled you.” A frown, pinched eyebrows. John swallowed, again, and Sherlock’s fingertips bumped over his Adam’s apple.
John wondered, not really knowing what about, “Really?”
-  and sat down beside his handicapped would-be murderer to wait.
best at what I do.” He smirked a bit. “I think I’ve proven that well enough.”
He braced himself as the cabbie recovered. Barely two seconds had passed.
Sherlock seemed put out and huffed a small breath of fleeting frustration. “Well, I assume you’d rather not jump into another cab just yet. And I can’t drive, so that’s out of the question.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Army.”
His hands loosened as he grunted in pain, and John took the chance to throw an effective right hook, his fist making contact with the cabbie’s left eye and cheekbone, and the impact ran up his arm in a crescendo of discomfort that he elected to ignore. The cabbie cried out and his hands slipped away from John’s neck, whose feet dropped back onto solid ground.
Sherlock looked confused by the very question. “Your company.”
He coughed and rubbed his throat, and the cabbie took advantage of his incapacitated situation to slam the heel of his hand into John’s face. It hit with a sickening crunch on the side of his nose and his head clobbered into the car. Pain flared up across John’s face and blood spurted from his nose, dripping into his gasping mouth. Broken, his brain supplied helpfully, and he neglected the thought.
He breathed heavily out of his open mouth, feeling wrung out. His nose was still clogged but he could hardly be bothered to do anything, deciding to leave the work until he had something other than an old undershirt to help him out. The man waited patiently until John prompted, “And you’re a detective at the Yard?
Sherlock shook his head, his inky hair bouncing by his temples. “No,” he replied, vehement, “you’ll just be John, and I’ll simply be me - though I supposed that I should inform you that being me involves a lot of observation, and a lot of experimentation. I’m rather… unconventional, some may say.”
The old man flickered his eyes over John’s face, and finally seemed to decide something. The end of his finger trembled over the trigger, pushing it just to the point before shooting, and John watched with rapt attention as the thick hand pulled it over the threshold with a soft click.
