"It's okay," Castiel coos, carding his hands through Sam's hair, and then holding his face. "It's okay, Sam. You need rest."
"Don't you already know how to kill Gods?" Akiko asks, as they walk back to her car. "I've never met one before."
Sam groans and puts his face in his hands.
"It only takes half an hour anyway. Tops."
"I’m sorry. I should have figured she was going to leave."
"I just don't want you to speak Enochian to him. That’s got to be enough of a reason."
.  "We are not married, but we live together."
"I think I reacted inadequately to his advances."
"The car isn't that far," Castiel says, but when they reach it a few minutes later, they are soaked to the bone.
"What's wrong, Sam?"
Sam turns his glass around, without picking it up. "You want to make sure what happened isn't going to happen again."
It hurt that his brother avoided him like that.
"You've said that word twice now: paranoia. What do you think you're paranoid about?"
"No."
"Those pagan gods did." Dean points at Sam's burger. Sam nods, and Dean picks it up.
"Yes. But I also just meant to ask if she talks to you. About how she is. What concerns her. Her feelings."
"Charlie."
Sam raised his eyebrows at his brother.
"Right." He avoids her eyes, and starts to count all the times in his life he's tried to escape this life.
»And Pie.« Dean nodded. »All the things Cas forgot. Well, he didn't really forget about the presents. But I don't really trust him on that one. Who knows what his idea of a sensible present is.«
She leaves him in the room on his own. What did he expect to find here? Cas and Dean have been missing for less than a day. No time at all if you asked the police. There was nothing to investigate, nothing suspicious about two grown men crossing the country together. They up and left, on their own accord, no signs of struggle.
"I love you," she murmurs into his ear, her hands moving down his body.
"Luck?" Dean shrugs. "There was some other hunter already on the case, so I had some help."
"Why don't you call him again, if he's not answering your messages?"
Sam curls his forehead. "Of course I don't feel good about it. I guess I'm just glad you and Cas are okay."
Castiel shakes his head. "No, thank you."
Castiel’s hand hovers in the air for a moment, before it lands on Dean’s shoulder.
"Yeah. It’s just - what if something does happen to me tomorrow? You know, I never used to really care, but now-”
"So you’d want a dog?"
"You can’t have slept much yet."
"I don't know," Castiel shifts his position, moving closer both to the wall and to Dean. He looks uncomfortable. "I don't fully understand the situation myself."
"I'm coming with you." She was unwavering. "You can't stop me. I am much stronger than you are."
"I trust you."
He paused again.
"And he believed you?" Sam asked in surprise.
"And what is it about then? You guys want to send her into a battle she cannot win, completely untrained. She's a Winchester. She’s got to be able to defend herself." Once again he noticed the dark circles under Dean's eyes. "Besides, I didn’t do shit. She came down here herself, asking me to show her how to shoot."
He laughs softly, but stops as Castiel throws him a worried look and pulls his hands away, folding them in his lap.
He thinks of the stupid moment that started all of this. If he just hadn’t stumbled over his own words, feeling sorry for himself. If he’d just told Jody what’s up. He wouldn’t have ended hallucinating fucking the devil.
There had been moments, of course, when he’d suspected Castiel might have talked to Dean, but Sam had dismissed these thoughts. And the more had time passed, the unlikelier it had seemed. If Dean and Castiel had talked about it, if they had tried to 'explore their feelings for each other' - or whatever flowery term Sam had used - then he would have noticed something. It would have ended in an unmissable fight or in them getting back together. It would have ended with them asking Sam to go.
For a second Dean is too perplexed to talk on. He just stares at them and their enlaced fingers. The incredible casualness of it all.
"I’m sorry."
"Oh yes, right, I forgot. But you can come after work, right. Since you don't need to drive up there."
"Yes. I'm sure.”
"Don't you wish you could be true to yourself?" She stares into his eyes and leans forwards onto his knees. "Do you want to be really true to yourself?"
"Yeah. Of course."
"Anything is better than just lying around here and giving up."
Especially now when it seems there's more times they are touching than when they're not. They don't even seem to be conscious of it anymore, which drives Dean especially crazy.
Sam shoves himself off the bed. Castiel doesn’t even flinch when he puts both his hands on his shoulders as support.
Sam sighs, but Dean keeps looking at him. There's no malice in his eyes, just irritation. The difference is what makes Sam want to try and explain.
"No. Why?"
Dean's fingers dug into his shoulder now, pushing them deeper into the wall.
Castiel had been right: He was happy. Happy-ish. And he would not let that slip out of his hands because of one lie or one fight or some misguided overprotectiveness. Not if he could help it. As long as he managed to pull himself together, put his acute feelings of hurt aside and look at things with some perspective. Maybe more perspective than anyone could ask for.
"I'm so sorry, Sam."
"What?" Dean asks. "What is there to mhm about?"
"Where did she hear of it?"
Castiel walks over to the bed. It looks like he wants to sit down next to Dean but thinks better of it at the last moment.
Besides, Dean is still a little in the dark about the whole thing between them. They're obviously serious about each other, but the sex thing? They don’t exactly give him a regular status report, but with the vibe Dean's been getting, he's not even sure they've done it at all. Which he finds difficult to get his head around. Sure, Sam has his issues —with the devil and all, and everything else— but no sex when you're in a committed relationship is weird. What's even the point of being a couple then? Just take some LSD if you just want to cuddle with a friend.
"Sure, yeah. I thought that's what we're doing."
"How do you know?"
He's thankful for the 'we'. It makes him feel less alone. She promises to call back soon. She tells him not to worry about the police. She promises him it will be fine. He knows he should be able to do this on his own, but he's too grateful for her help; he clings to the familiarity of her voice.
"When was that?" Dean’s eyes wander to the body on the floor, her chest is moving slightly. "Because we’d burnt the body by midnight."
"Now what?" Dean asks.
"Fuck this." Dean holds up the bottle of whiskey. It's become lighter since they've sat down. He puts the bottle down again, despite his desire to... to do
"I mean, no sane person likes apples anyway..."
"I don’t need to be happy," Lila replied. "I have a mission. I’m changing something. This is bigger than just me and my happiness." She paused. "You can join us. Together we could change so much." She had taken Charlie’s hand into hers and squeezed it, hope in her eyes.
"Sam said he helped him solve the case."
"Is it working?" Castiel's eyes look hopeful, but Sam shakes his head.
"Yeah, you said that, but they obviously do,
Castiel sounded amused. "I didn’t say I was sensitive, only that I don’t like the taste."
"He doesn't really think you're bad for Charlie.” Castiel reached for Dean's hand. "And you're not.”
"Do you think it's wise," Castiel starts, trailing Dean to the Impala, "to let Sam work with someone you barely know?"
"Just spit it out," Dean says.
"Nothing," Sam says and rubs a hand over his jeans. Castiel keeps looking at Dean, a look of pain or pity on his face. Then Sam sighs, and apparently that means something in Sam-Cas code now, because Castiel says: "Sam and I were wondering if you could drop us off in Salt Lake City on the way back, once the case is over."
"This was really nice." He forced the corners of his mouth into a smile. "I mean, I wasn't with anyone in a long time and that was -" He shook his head. It had been good, but to act like he'd be able to separate the physical from the emotional this time would be such an obvious lie. "What I mean to say is: I hope you know that I like you and that it wasn't just a spur of the moment thing to me."
"I don’t know." Sam lets the pop tap clink against the thin metal can again and again. "I guess I’m just… I don’t know."
"I worry about your brother."
Sam gives him a tight-lipped nod. "Maybe."
"So, yeah, me moving out… I don’t see that happening. Besides-" He chews the inside of his mouth. "We never talked about your... living situation. I know Dean asked you stay, but I was never sure whether you were planning to stay indefinitely. I hope you don’t feel like you have to stay here, just because-"
He looks in the rear mirror.
Sam breathes out a sigh of relief, followed by an almost-laugh. He says goodnight, throws one last glance at the bottle of rum, and with a few long steps he's out of the kitchen.
Dean waited a moment. As he turned to leave, Sam spoke again.
"Does the shower work ok?" Sam asks, cocking his head in the direction of the bathroom door.
He said it with awe. Almost as if being a Winchester was something to aspire to.
"Sam, I..." Castiel faltered.
"That's why he just left, isn't it?"
"I’m gonna go ahead and prepare your salad," Dean said, and turned to the kitchen.
"Is Castiel not coming with us?" Sam asked, confusion on his face. Dean tried to see if there was something more in his expression, something like disappointment.
"I hope Dean changes his mind," he says. "15 hours on the road is a bit insane."
The thought of not the projection of his vessel, but of actual Lucifer enters his mind. It’s so much worse still.
Chapter title taken from the Sonics' "Have Love, Will Travel"
»Dean.« Sam snorted. »Your idea of a good gift is vintage porn and alcohol.«
There’s a few creaking noises from the stairs before Sam bursts in.
"A thing." She looks at him helplessly, and a little hurt. "They're a couple?"
Castiel sighs. "I don't think continuing with this particular book is going to be very fruitful," he says, shutting it close. He softly shoves Sam's feet off his lap and gets up. "This is highly frustrating."
"We are," Akiko says, and Sam sits up straighter, and tries to look less invested.
"Obviously." Dean's posture changes. He's becoming cagey. Great. Sam tells himself to breathe. "That's not the point," Dean says.
"I didn’t mean Stanford. I meant earth." He laughed. He took his time as if he wanted to make sure to have enough words to fill the silence. "I mean, I like to be back and I’m thankful for every day I get but sometimes…" He took a deep breath. "I don’t know. I guess sometimes it just feels like I shouldn’t be here."
Castiel looked at him with deep sadness and nodded. Castiel's hand slipped down onto the bed again. The lack of physical contact was instant and harsh, and Sam knew he wasn’t the only one who felt it.
"They all went to the same therapist," Sam says. "And she's big on telling the truth."
"Would you trust yourself in my situation?" she challenges.
Sam looked at him for a while, then put the knife aside, and stepped around the table. He pulled Dean into a second hug. "I am so sorry," he said into Dean’s shoulder. "I never meant for it to go down like it did."
"No, he wouldn’t have." Sam shifts so they’re fully facing each other and he’s leaning against the window. "And no, it’s not fair. I don’t think these things ever are."
"So what?" Sam shrugged. "Who's gonna believe her?"
»Oh man, real Maestro! I tested them last year in a store in Chicago and wanted to get them right away. I swear, there are sounds in Stairway to Heaven that I never knew even existed before. The keyboard alone! And No Quarter! Phew! You can even hear this irritating studio background noise much more clearly. Maybe that sounds like a a bad thing, but it's a good thing!« Dean looked up gratefully at Castiel and then back at his gift. »Awesome... Awesome...« He shook his head. »I wonder what's left to be discovered on all the other songs with those things. What kind of stuff I missed before. I'll start with Houses of the Holy. No, with Led Zeppelin IV. III?« He looked up from the headphones again, and only now seemed to notice that he was babbling. A slightly shamefaced look scurried over his face. He stood up.
"Why would she do that?"
"Okay, okay," Dean says, sounding weary. He thinks for a bit. "Forget the two weeks thing. But just give me today to let me wrap my head around it."
"Why wouldn't I be?"
Apparently it was enough for Sam to watch him eat; his own plate remained empty. Although the pie tasted really good, every bite felt like chewing gum and it stuck to the roof of his mouth. The only good thing was that he didn't have to fill the silence while he was eating.
He’s supposed to be part of this two-man show across from him, although he finds himself incapable of saying which part is his.
"There was no car," Castiel knows. But he gets up and leaves the motel room anyway.
Sam closes his eyes and smiles against soft dry lips.
"I know you've been with other people. After Lucifer, too."
It hurt how much it looked like the rundown motel rooms they had slept in over the years before they'd found the bunker. How could Sam have abandoned their home for this?
"Don't what?"
The ice cream tasted pretty good, but Dean was getting more restless. It was strange to spend so much time here after all these months. After all the unsaid things between them and acting like this was normal.
Him. Sam doesn't have to say who he's referring to. He doesn't have to explain the euphemism for his own mental state.
"What was I supposed to do? Invite you? You obviously wouldn't have wanted to be there."
"I love her, you know I do."
When he hung up, Sam put his cell phone onto the living room table, grabbed one of the glasses that Castiel had put down and emptied it one go.
Sam drinks some coffee before he goes on. "We can obviously rule out the Horsemen, seeing as they don't have any powers anymore. Crossroads demons seem unlikely from the way things went down. Same for ghosts. Djinns are out of question. I considered that the vics might be missing their soul - but your barkeeper said he felt completely normal, right?"
They nod, terrified.
That's so very Sam, complaining because something went too smoothly.
"Did you find anything?" Sam asks, peeling the plastic foil off the container.
"You don’t seem very tired."
"Why would I?"
"I could win the lottery and get rich."
Or tell Cas on the phone, he added in thought.
Castiel turned and leaned against the window. He held out his hands like a pastor before a baptism. "Come here, Sam."
"You could have called me if you just wanted to know how I was doing."
"You were shaking your head, which is usually a sign for-"
"What? No!"
"It bit me," Dean says, pointing to his neck. "Could you, you know, do your thing?"
"The wound is shallow," Castiel says, "it's the tendon that causes the pain."
"Should I go get you a coffee?"
"It is."
It took Castiel a moment to understand what Dean was saying.
"You're right, I don't like to talk much about it. But, um, it's okay. I was."
Sam frowns in response. What is that even supposed to mean?
"Scared? Of what? You turning into the devil?" Dean snorts because the idea is ludicrous, but Castiel's face remains stern.
He looked around the room and then sat down on her desk chair.
"I’m not sorry."
Castiel set down the full glasses.
"And you think that’s what she’s been doing?" Sam put on a shirt and began to button it up.
She was still holding her angel blade in front of her as if she had to keep Castiel at a distance. Then she took a few steps backward, pulling Charlie with her, who was hanging in her arms, almost paralyzed.
"I want to go shopping too."
"Dad wants to show me his home!" Charlie piped up.
Castiel is lying on his bed watching TV. His head is bent slightly, as it often is when he’s confused or trying to make sense of something.
Castiel cocks his head, notices Dean's bloody neck. Dean wishes he wouldn't touch him now. Not now. But he lets him.
There are birds chirping and the sun shining and the soft cool air blowing softly against his face— and it makes him want to grab another guy’s hand like an infatuated teenager.
"Yes, you are right."
"Well, that's the thing about promises. You keep them until you don't."
"Great. More for me."
"Nothing." Sam groans again, pulling his hands away from his face and through the long strands of his hair.
"What do you mean?"
»Hello, Dean.«
But at least, he’s enjoying food. He’d take this any day over Sam’s issues with eating, he thinks, as he eyes the half-eaten plate of egg whites across the table.
"Would you have picked up?"
"He's not okay." Dean splutters, burying his nose into her shoulder. It should feel strange but it doesn't, and he's past caring. "He's so not okay."
»Nothing. I just wanted to get some air.«
Dean wonders why Castiel is sitting upfront and not beside Sam. Why he's not cradling Sam's head in his lap, stroking over his hair, like Dean is sure he wants to.
Dean doesn't slam the door, but it's close enough.
"What do you mean, in my dreams?"
She runs the back of her hand over her nose. "Everyone's heard of you and your brother."
"I need your help." Castiel placed a hand on Sam's face. I mean, I always need you, every single day, but that's not the point. This is about Charlie."
"You know it's creepy that you're just sitting around here all night while we sleep, right?"
Whenever he’d wake up in the middle of the night and he couldn’t hear the rattle of an old ventilation system but only the distant sound of ocean waves, his heart paused. Only when the memories of the past years came back to him could he sink back into his pillow. A part of him missed the bunker and Kansas. The protection it offered, the feeling of security and home. Most of all he missed the past itself. But when the sun rose and he sat down on the wooden bench in the overgrown garden with a cup of coffee in his hand, everything was fine. He closed his eyes and let the bright rays warm his face.
"I remember not agreeing to that bet."
"Yes." A smile ran over her gaunt face. "But I'm a little worried."
"Oh." Castiel pulls away. "I'm sorry."
When he thought about how this relationship had started - It wasn't as if he had resisted his feelings from the start. In the beginning there simply hadn't been any. He had always liked Castiel as a friend. But even if he had suspected any other lingering feelings for him, Sam would never have acted on them. Dean and Castiel's bond had always seemed so strong, it had been almost palpable when you shared a room with them. Even when their relationship had been rocky.
He needs time to heal. But, even more importantly, he needs to get back to Dean and Sam. The human way.
"Uh." Sam musses his hair. He needs a shower. "Yeah, in a bit."
"Sure." Sam walks back over to the window. His hand at the duffel, he asks: "Hey, um, so you never told me what that last case was about. Anything I need to get into the books?"
Sam smiles at Castiel, all doe-eyed.
"Can I be both an angel and a dancer?"
"I'm dissatisfied with the decisions you made today,” he said carefully. "But I know your intentions were good.”
Sam was sure that Jody had at least vaguely been aware about Castiel and Dean.
"When were you planning on telling me?"
Sam said nothing. He just looked at him with a strange, disappointed expression on his face.
Charlie grew even more uncertain. Castiel wanted to sweep her up into his arms and get her away from the tension.
They embraced.
No, that can't be it. Castiel doesn't heal him, he's almost powerless right now. Still, the simple touch alone feels enormous and meaningful. Dean leans forward, into the touch.
"Uncle Dean."
"Of course," he replied immediately. "But not because I’m not happy the way things are."
"Yeah, I asked about that too. She said she was probably just so worried from the signs and the dead cat at their door. So she started seeing things. I mean, I get it. When your daughter gets taken by a ghost, it's no wonder you go a bit off the rails. Could be a ghost, could be a window banging a bit too hard. Could just be the lights flickering or something trying to decimate your family."
"Hey." Dean turns around. "What now?"
He puts a hand on Cas’ back to get him to move.
"Who?"
"What do you mean?"
Castiel explains how they trapped him and how the demon/self appointed leader of the group of teenagers, gangly and full of hormonal rage, talked of draining his grace.
"Well, having a child does that to you. It changes everything. You just want what’s best for them. That’s normal, I think."
"Yes, of course."
Castiel's voice went straight through Sam's heart. The almost painful cry far too direct and intimate to witness.
He knew it had to look weird, the way they stood there.
"Just..." She shrugs. "You really didn't seem keen on taking that call."
"What's wrong, Charlie?"
"No. What are you guys talking about?" He looks at both of them with irritation. "I just felt like… It was me. I just. Did whatever I wanted, you know?"
Shortly before sunrise, Sam is tossing and turning, mumbling nervously. Castiel firmly puts his hand on Sam's forehead, until his body visibly calms down.
Dean had been mistaken.
"And then everything's going to magically solve itself? You know that there's got to be something about the girl your brother and Castiel missed last night. Maybe they were too busy," Lucifer waggles his eyebrows, "to focus. They didn't even tell you about the job, you had to find that out yourself."
And maybe that's the key: Maybe when Sam says no, Castiel just needs to keep going. When Sam pushes him away, maybe he just needs him to take what he wants.
"Shut up," Dean says softly. Castiel does, and looks at him curiously. "You're only freaking yourself out. We don't have time for this. We have to think strategically."
It’s a bit strange, being kissed and scolded at once.
"But you do," Castiel disagrees. "I heard you. And I saw how much better you felt."
Dean exhaled sharply again. "That's what you were talking about?"
It's difficult to look at Sam when he's like this. The muscles in his face moving uneasily, his mouth twitching. He looks fucking miserable and Dean can't stand it.
"Yes, the better. Gotcha."
But Dean makes it all work. He's always known how to: swallowing all the feelings until they're nothing but a faint taste on his lips.
The shoes and the jacket were a joke. He might as well have gone outside naked, as cold as it was.
"But why? If it was just a misunderstanding?"
"In Sioux Falls?"
"It wasn't your call to make." Sam pulls his hand away, but he's trying to keep a friendly face. He doesn't want to guilt-trip Cas. He just needs him to understand. "It's not exactly a great feeling knowing that you almost died because of me."
Dean and Castiel sit next to each other at the table, the laptop between them.
She is confused, but when probed she admits that the assistant hasn't been in today. "I couldn't reach her at all. If she's in any danger, I need to know."
Back in the car, when they have settled but before Akiko has put the key in the ignition, Sam says: "I can do this part alone. If you need some sleep or something."
In the bathroom, he rinsed his mouth and tried to control his pounding heart. If being alone with Sam had been unnerving, adding Castiel to the mix didn’t exactly make it easier. He could have used a drink just now. But he didn’t want to ask Sam for one, not when he was trying to make a good impression.
"He could also just be lying," Sam says. "This David guy."
"Don't say what?" Dean isn't sure what he's trying to provoke Sam for. "Is that not what happened? Cause that's what Cas told me. That you got super sad and conjured up the one guy who you really shouldn't want to have around you?"
"Look, what do you want me to say? If I knew what was up, I'd have told the police, okay? You don't think people have asked me to explain it? I can't. The only thing I could think of was that I was drugged maybe? But what kind of drug lasts this long?"
Castiel furrows his forehead. He doesn't ask who Sam is talking about. "Joining him in what?"
"Because if you do think it's a case, I assume you would like to take it." Castiel sends him a strained smile. "And I don't want to push you into a case you're not ready for."
Dean looks at Castiel looking at the closed door and he finally understands what's off: Castiel cares, really cares about how Sam is doing. Not just as means to an end, but for his own sake.
"Have you met me?" He laughed a little, and Sam gave him the courtesy and laughed too. They patted each other’s backs, as if only they played their parts right, things would fall into place eventually.
"He's sending you to fight his fights now?"
He remembered the roaring Impala, the image of his brother and Castiel entwined burnt in his retina. His flask rolling off the seat, reaching for it. The next thing he knew, he'd woken up in a hospital bed to Castiel holding his hand. It'd been the last time he saw him.
Sam was surprised by the deep and all-encompassing sadness that suddenly flooded him. It had all been too much for a single day and he felt like his nerves had been rubbed raw. He had to get out of here. He had to calm down and start to think clearly again. He stood up. Castiel's eyes clouded over his fear.
"Obviously."
"What?" Sam shakes his head. What nonsense strategy of aversion is this? Just more denial on that staggeringly large heap of denial. "Are you trying to tell me I was hallucinating?"
”Thank you.” Sam meant it.
Castiel nodded. "Don’t forget that Charlie and Jason invited us over to dinner tonight."
"Uh huh," Dean says and turns to pick through a pile of clothes on his bed. "That's really good, Sam. Then you'll still be fine in two weeks from now."
Something inside Sam contracted sharply, even though it has been exactly what he'd expected to hear.
There’s many things Dean wants to say, even more things he wants to convey wordlessly. He knows he has messed up; he’ll make it alright again, once he knows how to.
The blood rushes in Dean's ears like waves; it makes it hard to hear Sam's voice. Dean focuses on his brother's face, concentrates on the quiver and his insecure look in his eyes. "I'm sorry. I know I've told you this before."
But it didn’t feel like paranoia.
Now Dean was the one who shook his head and sat down in the chair next to the bed.
"Hey," Sam murmured to the two of them.
"The dead girl worked at this coffee shop?" Castiel asks for clarification.
"Jennifer?" He shouts through the door.
Dean reached for a small package that had clearly been wrapped by himself and shoved it in Sam's hands.
The therapist starts moving around the room; Sam's hand glides towards the gun without thinking about it. He lets go of it once more when she sits down in her armchair. She stares into the air, and runs a finger over the flower pattern.
"I know you’re not dumb." Dean seemed to sober up as he spoke. "I know you know what’s going on. And I obviously know that you gave your blessing. But still." He pointed back and forth between himself and Sam. "Kind of strange, huh?"
It’s become apparent that it doesn’t take very long for people to develop in-jokes and other things that become impenetrable as an outsider.
They cooked together, for God's sake.
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure, all of them."
Before he’d had any chance to argue, Sam had disappeared into his room, the door closed.
"Sam?" Dean asks, rubbing a towel over his hair.
"I have seen you dance," Castiel insists. "In your memories. I think you were working a case. You were wearing a tuxedo at least. Do that one."
Castiel looked around. Nothing indicated where he was, but he could feel the coordinates. Fortunately, he was still in Kansas and it only took a few hours until the Impala came to stand in front of him.
Dean disentangles himself from Castiel.
He cough-chuckles because he tripped over his own words again.
There was a pause.
Sam’s shoulders are drawn upwards, tensing. "Why did you tell Cas to get in contact with another angel? You know, you just know, that's not a good idea!"
She laughed, and then he let her go.
Dean slips his hands out of Cas’. "You mean, not like the rest of the time?"
Dean resists the urge to follow him. He hasn't forgotten Sam's words about not being able to cope without him and Cas. Of course he can cope on his own.
"Are you going to sing the song with the ladder again?"
"That's not on you," Sam tells him, before he sprints after Dean and follows him into his room.
"You could have called me too. After all you were the one who just ran away."
"But why did it turn bad?"
Castiel hesitated, searching for the right words amidst all the wrong ones.
Dean sped up his movements, his fingers dug into Castiel’s shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't want to go home," she said. "Can't we just keep driving for a little while?”
"I know." Dean nodded. "You don't have to thank me. We're family."
"Right. I never understood why dead men's blood bothered vampires either. Or why sometimes you need to cut a heart out and sometimes it's enough to cut the head off. Mythology is weird. At least we know with this one, the victims are mostly fine afterwards unless they do something extremely reckless." She stops abruptly and looks up at Sam. "Sorry, I didn't mean to —"
Castiel takes out a handful of pills and swallows them without any water. He starts coughing.
"Dad?"
Sam stood still in the doorway. "Do you like to come in for a bit?" he asked after a pause that lasted far too long.
He doesn’t say anything else.
He takes them in carefully.
"Well, I definitely knew it wasn’t me," Castiel explains. "And, in a way, it was nice seeing me there."
He brings Baby back to life.
Sam knits his brow. Then he remembers Castiel’s ‘case’. "Oh, there's still stuff happening?"
"That’s weddings for you. I guess. This is actually my first wedding ever, so I wouldn’t actually know…"
She picked up a pair of pliers.
"She told me that she is being homeschooled?"
That didn't make a lot of sense to Sam.
"Just sick, I think. Maybe I ate something wrong?" He quickly looks at Jody. "Not the lasagne, of course."
"No, I didn't tell him that my brother got impregnated by my boyfriend and that I'm currently housebound because of my nephilim niece, if that's what you mean."
Castiel doesn’t understand.
Castiel tilted his head again. »Either way, I'm happy if I've been able to help you.«
"You sure?" she asks, moving away from him to give him a glance over, until she bumps into the steering wheel.
"I really don’t need your sex ed talk," Sam glares. He’s trying not to feel embarrassed. "It’s a bit late for that."
"A prophet?" She cocked her head.
"I’d never forget that."
"Cas, goddamn, what are you –"
"A werewolf himself? Yeah."
Now all he feels is Cas' pure energy flowing through him. It’s strange and powerful and it feels like opening a window and letting all the light in for the first time after a long dark night.
"It feels like… I always want to be far away from him and right next to him at the same time."
"Yeah, but... I was just messing around. I don't think there's anything going on. I’d be surprised if there ever was. You know how Sam is."
"Not really." Sam smiles brightly. "But it’s fine now."
"You're bleeding."
"I thought a lot about the discussion I prompted last night," Castiel eventually says. "I wasn't aware that some topics were so fraught between the two of you."
"But you are?"
Dean laughed a slightly hollow laugh.
"You're not." Sam stepped aside and let them both in. "Did you two have fun?"
Something about the sincerity in her voice makes him feel worse. She shouldn't feel for him. He is the one unharmed. There's a pause where all Sam can hear is Jody's breathing, and he knows she must hear his. "She's in the trunk. I'm in her car and she's in the trunk."
"I don’t know. This morning. I was trying to make up for time lost last night, I guess." He shakes his head. "The girl. She worked there."
He wasn't joking when he told Sam he'd be too distracted on the case with him there. Worrying about each other has never stopped them from working together before. It's pretty much been their modus operandi forever. Well. Things change. It's been a while since Sam's shown any signs of real concern for Dean. And that's actually good. That's really good. It must mean Dean's doing well enough at seeming okay, right?
"Just leave it," Sam begs, before turning around and opening the door again. This time Dean doesn’t stop him.
Dean wasn't sure who'd knocked on the door. When they entered the kitchen, both Sam and Charlie were already sitting at the table.
"That's the address", Dean says, lamely. Of course it is. "Leave the talking to me."
Castiel hung up. He felt how much his body had reacted to the call; his vessel's heart was pounding uncomfortably.
There's something about people who carry their sadness right under the surface without making a big deal out of it. It always resonates with him.
The way Sam had just slipped past him - half drowned rat, half suicidal apocalyptic; the confused look on Castiel's staring face; the fact that he himself was standing in Bobby's hallway, early Christmas morning, cold and tired in nothing but a T-shirts and boxer shorts, having a laughing fit of proportions not seen since the Magic Brownie incident in his youth.
There’s nothing, he realizes. He knows the way things unfolded in the cage is partly his own doing. He thinks there’s nothing that could be said to convince him otherwise. And really he’s mostly accepted it, too. He's learnt to almost live with it.
It's a really strange shift of life philosophy to have something to look forward to when you wake up, instead of dreading the beginning of day. To have your hand reaching for another before you're fully awake. To only relax when you feel the soft pressure of said hand in yours. To know the world's just as you left it the night before.
"That’s a very confusing way of showing interest."
"Ready?" Dean asks.
Sam wonders about the alcohol percentage of the beer and Utah law, and a quip is trying to form at the back of his head, but he ignores it. It would feel artificial and only make the tension that's been brewing the whole car ride worse. When has this become their normal? Every question a suspicion, every talk having to be motivated by a reason. A part of him wants to prove Dean's antagonism wrong and be there for him, help him through whatever's plaguing him -  another part is just tired, and wants to ride it out.
When the door opened and Jason stuck his head in, Dean felt strangely caught.
A fucking mistletoe.
"People fear us so much that they have written legends about us." He had come closer. "But I'm not alone. There are many of us. Women, men and children. But how does it feel to be the only one of your kind?" He was still smiling. "The angels: to say they hate you is almost an understatement. And the humans?" He shrugged. "You can go to as many 'save the world' meetings you want, you will never be one of them. They can feel how different you are."
Sam pierces the fork through a cherry tomato, the juice and its seeds running over the white tines.
"I mean... You could at least pretend to sleep, you know? Lie down and close your eyes or something?"
"Let us go inside," Castiel says. "It's cold and you should get some sleep. Dean said we'd leave early tomorrow."
"I'll have a big house salad and the kid's plate for my daughter, please."
"Yes it is. It’s not on you. You did what I asked you to. I said I didn’t want to know about it and Dean said it’s been going on for months, so you were clearly really careful and respected my wishes. Something like this was bound to happen eventually. I mean, really, everything is fine. I was just surprised is all." Sam pressed his nose against the glass and tried to see what Castiel saw amidst the darkness and lights. "It was  a wonderful wedding."
"Dude, chill it with the accusations! I’m not upset."
"You know that’s my problem, not yours. It’s good that at least one of us is trying to live an actual life."
He’d once told Dean that as an angel he could “always feel time calibrating itself", which had sounded like a bunch of mumbo jumbo to him, but clearly meant that Cas had no use for a clock.
Sam didn't see at what point Dean's hand had landed on Castiel's hip. He only saw Dean's hand jerk Castiel towards him.
Something in Dean wanted to explode. Fuck the consequences.
"Nothing happened," Sam says, way too quickly, a guilty look on his face. "I mean, not really."
Dean puts his elbows onto the table and leans forward. "Why?" he asks. "What's the use?"
"But it turns out he died of an overdose."
"Dean?"
"Only way to feel the noise is when it’s good and loud," he shouts rather than sings alongside Lemmy.
"I got her number," Dean says, "if you want to call her and make sure she's a real hunter and that I didn't do anything stupid. If that's what you're implying."
The two stood opposite each other, breathing heavily.
Beside the trash cans, he shoves her against the wall, kissing her forcefully, while his hands find their way under her dress.
Dean clutched the steering wheel tighter. Why did it always have to be about life and death? Why could it never just be about sharing a pizza and spending some time with the person you loved?
"So how did the hunt go?" Sam asks. He looks up from his bottle. "What was it, anyway?"
Sam tries to dig beyond the worry and into the rational mind. He's a good hunter, dammit. This is his work. He should be able to treat this like any other case. But the truth is that some hunts can take a really long time and a lot of them aren't solved within a day. Another truth: they don't save everyone. (But why is he already thinking in terms of casualties?)
Live every day like it could be your last.
Killing had always come naturally to him, if it’d came as an order. He’d killed brothers before, if they’d deserved it, if it’d been needed to keep heavenly order. But killing other angels had always hurt. He suspects it never ceases to hurt.
"Right, but the last crap all went down in Vancouver. So I say that's where we should be looking."
"Sam… Sam… It’s not real…"
Akiko looks back and forth between them.
"We're working," Dean says. He can feel his own stiffness. "Looking into something."
"You know, even if you guys are just friends," she says, "that's still gotta be a tough spot to be in. Seeing how close you and Sam are. Him being with your best friend, I image that can get weird sometimes..." She lets go of him. "Is Castiel staying with you at the bunker?"
"Thanks," he mumbles before taking a quick sip.
"Okay. What now?" Dean asks. "Since our main suspect knows we're onto her, we should act quickly, before she bails."
Sam's voice was cool and strained when he finally answered.
"I'm going to get some clean sheets," Jody says, and walks out of the room.
Charlie rolled her eyes and ignored him. She turned to Lila.
Dean takes a gulp from the beer bottle that's been standing next to him. He hasn't noticed anything off about Sam. Sure, he's been brooding, but that's Sammy for you. Always thinking about an apocalypse or hell or being an abomination. Jeez, he needs to live a little and let loose sometimes.
"Well, if Sam says so…"
"Not specifically," Castiel says. "It's become more of habitual activity for me."
Not one day passed without Sam wondering how he’d ended up here and if he could have done anything to prevent the deep metaphorical rift that had opened up between himself and Dean. Still, he was relieved he at least didn't have to lie to him anymore. All the words had been said, all the curses cast, only time alone would tell if they would be able to survive this conflict or if they would fall apart.
"Flirting?" Dean snorts. "I’m not flirting. I’m acting like I always have."
"Is your brother going out to fornicate with strangers?"
"You're not obliged to. Would be on me if I did."
"I don't hate you."
"You’ve seen how Sam’s been the last two days."
"I don't want absolution. I just wanted..."
"We’d both prefer you alive and kicking, anyway. You know what happened last time. So keep your mojo to yourself."
"Didn't we agree that if she's behaving like this, she's your daughter?"
Charlie splashed her hand into one of the puddles. She had a look of pure innocence on her face, one that Dean recognized from Sam. He laughed again. Sam threw him another angry look.
"You know, angels sleeping with the people they’re supposed to protect has a long tradition in heaven and in this family in particular." When she looked at him, Castiel felt that the attack was quite unfair. He wasn’t involved in this fight at all. "Cas’ job was to get your soul out of hell and not your body into his bed. Isn’t that true?"
"And where is Castiel when you need him?" he thought as he rinsed the rag under running water. "Why does he get to teach Charlie Enochian and read to her, while I get to cook baby food and change her dirty diapers?"
Dean wants to be in bed. He wants to sleep forever and forget about the whole night. He might have learnt a thing or two about his body, but it's not worth the shame of understanding that he'd tried to - what exactly did he expect? That he'd fuck away infatuation? That he'd realize this wasn't for him after all, and so the jealousy and the murkiness, the wrongness of his feelings would all evaporate too? Or was he, unconsciously, preparing himself for the what if scenario? He might need these kinds of skills after all. He doesn't even want to go down that road of thoughts.
It’s difficult to get Sam out of his chair. When he tries to help Sam shrugs him off and swats him away.
"You knew you were going to practice shooting, when you told us you were going out to eat. You knew Sam wouldn't approve and so you deliberately concealed it. This is the same as a lie.”
"You should be more careful. You can get a heatstroke if you stand in the sun all day without a shirt on."
"You know what I mean…" Dean says.
"I'm really sorry, but Charlie needs to be picked up again."
Dean goes to bed almost immediately after they've eaten.
There's a long pause before Sam answers. "Not really."
The blanket is thin and lets the light through to hit Sam's face.
»He is not my angel.«
When he opens his eyes, he’s alone in the room. He knows he’s on his own.
"Probably because Sam agreed with her."
Although, to be fair, Sam's not sure if it happens to everyone.
Cas’ hand is warm on his shoulder and Dean finds himself instantly leaning into the touch.
"You don't feel like you can talk about these things with your family or your partner?"
"Just tell me one thing honestly?" Dean asks.
"Fate has a strange sense of humor. I didn’t want a child at the time and had her and she --" He broke off. "I always thought that at some point I’d have to console her for accidentally triggering an apocalypse or something like that. I have experience with that, I get that kind of thing. But this?" He picked up the toy again. "This overwhelms me."
"What do you mean? Why is that surprising? You want me to yell at you?"
Sam doesn’t ask where he’d just been.
Dean poured the amber liquid into a glass before their eyes met. "You want one too?"
"You think this isn't a real case," Castiel says. "Why?"
"Sam’s not answering?"
"Oh, Cas...." Dean breathes out, shaking his head. "Man, sometimes you’re still so…"
"Why is Dean bleeding?" Charlie asked.
With a plopping sound he pulled the cork out of the bottle neck. He liked the dark, heavy aroma that rose into his nose. He was curious to hear what Cas would say. There was still so much that was new to the angel and Sam found that he liked to be around when he discovered things for the first time.
"The universe is home to everyone and everything. Except for God."
"Well good, cause it would make hunting together a hell of a lot more difficult." Dean slaps his thigh and gets up. "Gonna get that beer now."
Sam looks away, crosses his arms in front of his chest. "You don't want to hear this," he says.
Sam points his gun at her, and at the lack of reaction from her, he knows that she cannot be killed by the weapon in his hand. Maybe it was a mistake to come here without knowing her weak spots. But if they hadn't, she'd be gone by now. She'd be back in Canada or off to another continent altogether.
"Yes."
"Why would I be upset?" Dean turns around to her, knitting his brows in challenge. "I'm just surprised because they're usually not very PDA-y."
And then there were the memories that went back much further. It was the place that brought them out, he figured. Charlie’s youthful joy, the places he remembered and even strangers he saw on the streets. There were those who had made him stop in the middle of the sidewalk to turn around and do a double take. Maybe this was what she would have looked like right now. This was who their children would have turned out to be.
"I'm thinking about our daughter."
"Are you just gonna stand there watching me clean or do you wanna help?"
Sam frowned. "What? No. I was never with him. Where did you get that?"
"I’m a little tired," Sam admitted. "But happy and grateful to be back." He broke away from Dean completely and looked around the room. He spotted Jason who raised his hand slowly. "Hello, Mr. Winchester."
"Don't! Don't laugh. I'm being serious."
Dean was trying, trying really hard, to just let everything go, forgive and forget, and move on.
"That doesn't necessarily mean that she is in heaven. There are a thousand places she could be."
He fumbles with his words and his hands. But for a moment it's a relief to be talking about Castiel this way, to be worried about the awkwardness of this situation instead of his life.
As he presses his face into the pillow, he asks himself grimly why the hell he told Castiel to go away.
"He needs you to keep going, you need him. It’s always been this way, hasn’t it?"
He’s not sure why he’s telling the truth.
"Of course not!" Sam looks like he thinks Dean's lost his mind. Not like he’s the one having a damn freakout about dogs. "Don’t be ridiculous. Where would we move that’s even half as safe as here?"
He motions with his hand. He thinks of planets and universes, Heaven and Chrysler buildings.
"I'm here because of you. I promised Sam to take care of you and Charlie, and look at what happened. If only it was about... I probably would have left a long time ago."
"I helped him," Cas sighs, slowly looking up again.
, comes the wordless reply,
"What?"
"No. I thought maybe you don't like being observed quite so closely. From him, or apparently from me either. Is this where your irritation right now stems from? Me asking about the hunter was not meant to be a comment about you and I. I wouldn't do that."
"I’m sorry. Really." Sam stroked over her arm. "I know that’s a horrible Dad question and I’m not supposed to ask again but: You’re really happy, aren’t you? This is the life you really want, not what you think someone else might want you to live?"
"Why?" Dean asks. "We just passed a town sign."
"Yes, I know. Human contact, physical release, emotional bonding-"
"I thought that's what we've been doing."
"Oh."
"Yes," she said. She drank her beer as if it was water and soon ordered another.
"Excuse me?" Dean takes a step back and laughs, irritated. "My brutish behavior? Sorry, Mr. Dickenson. I'm just trying to do my job here."
"You shouldn’t waste your grace on me like that. It’s just a hangover."
"Of course," Sam nods.
"Heroin," Sam says.
Sam's eyes had rarely looked so sad.
"It doesn’t upset you?"
Sam follows suit. He’s in a strange headspace, as he pulls his phone out of his pocket. He would have heard if Dean had called or texted, of course. Sam has actively tried to keep Dean off his mind over the last hours, but of course it hadn’t fully worked. "You haven't heard from Dean since we left either, right?" Sam asks.
"It’s fine."
The drink tickled his throat and for a brief moment he wished he could feel the calming effects of alcohol like a human could.
Of course he remembered.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Okay." Dean shrugs. "But it won’t happen again. I swear."
"I may look like I'm ten years old, and maybe I am in human years, but you know that it doesn't match my intellectual ability.”
Her smile revealed her first tooth gaps. Sam felt Dean squeeze his hands in despair.
"Cas." He pronounced his name much too gently. "Yeah, Charlie's back, she's in her room."
"Yeah, that's what a hallucination is, Cas."
Dean and Jody are playing cards. They both look up, when Castiel and Sam enter.
"Right." Sam turns back to his iPad, a single deep crease in his forehead.
"Yeah." Dean walks over to the other bed. "I almost forgot."
"The whole thing didn't go like I'd planned it to."
Dean nodded. "I know she wants to talk to you too. She's not angry with you, she just can't –"
"Yeah, what about me?” Charlie had finished the apple and turned its core between her fingers. "Do you reckon it's gonna be too big of a burden if I find out my uncle is in fact aging? The horror.” She walked over to the trash can, opened it with a tap of her foot and dropped the apple core inside.
Besides, Dean reminds himself, he's not even sure if Castiel ever wanted him like that. It's not like Sam is the only thing in the way. There's a million other reasons why it wouldn’t work. The only sensible solution to his problem is to squash these idiotic feelings.
Castiel looks up at him through dark eyelashes. There’s something about that look and the way he says "Yes, I like it," that is almost comically seductive.
"You will see how real I am when I lean over your dying body and my face is the last thing you see."
Dean has trouble appreciating the smoky notes and subtle sweet undertones in his drink.
He breathes in deeply and starts coughing immediately. The air is full of dust and finely ground stone particles that sting in his throat and lungs.
When Dean stepped out of the old people’s home, it was still in the afternoon and the whole evening lay ahead of him, flat and uninviting. He could go back home and continue working on the house, but then he remembered Sam’s words of advice. He was already here, he might as well take a look at the city.
"No, he wouldn’t." Sam’s lips are pursed. "Not about something like that. Why should he? It’s not like I’d stop him from going anywhere. I’m pretty sure he knows that, too."
Cas and Sam exchange quick glances. It clearly hadn’t come out that way.
Sam aimed for the back row, where he sat down smack in the middle. Castiel followed and took the seat to his left.
"Are you married?"
"Jesus, don't go and read parallels into everything, okay? These snot-nosed idiotic teenagers aren't us. If you ask me, they got a pretty good deal. Without us, they'd all be dead."
As he was about to open the door to his room, Castiel suddenly appeared behind him in the hallway.
"He’s missed her very much."
When Dean was 16, they were staying in a weird old house while John was on a hunt and it was snowing nonstop. Nothing for entertainment but the barest selection of books. The owner had been a communist weirdo - harmless but annoying. He'd talk Dean's ear off whenever he got the chance. Dean had perfected the skill of not listening while someone rambled on, but there's something the man had said that stuck with Dean. Something about the value of manual labor. Of holding the fruit of the work of a day in your hands. To make you feel you did something of substance. Dean gets that. It's why he doesn't like the lore or strategizing as much as Sam: not because Dean is dumb, or incapable, but because he considers these things stuff that needs to get out of the way before the real work can begin. He wants to feel the hunt. The monster. The payoff at the end of the day: The blood on your hands. Manual labor, man.
The desperation in her voice broke his heart.
"No, I want to."
Dean shrugs. He’s trying to make sense of the tidbits of information Sam’s offering him, not getting any hints.
"It's energy, it's a drug," Castiel replies, unfazed. "It's a sleep-defying potion that gets your body beyond its human-bound limitations, even if just a little bit."
"Of course not."
She shrugged.
"Oh, these kinds of messages, huh?" Dean tries to make a joke out of it, wiggling his eyebrows, but he watches for a reaction with a keen eye.
"No."
"You know that's not true. It is a normal phase of rebelling. Teenagers say things like that, but in reality they still need their parents' support and love.”
She narrows her eyes. "I could ask you the same question. As I said, I’ve been on this guy for ages, and you almost get yourself killed. Rookie mistake?"
"You sure you're alright, Sammy?"
It painfully reminded him of how it had once been between himself and Dean. Maybe Dean needed this, someone who trusted him completely, someone he had to take care of.
"It’s going well. And you? How are you doing?"
Castiel looks puzzled, so Dean clarifies: "You wouldn't mind him sleeping with her?"
"Well, you can’t get everything right all the time."
"Well, I’m a prophet." He scratched the back of his head. "I just know these kind of things."
When someone turned the key in the lock in the afternoon, Castiel expected the worst. He had been thinking about sentences with which he could open the conversation with his daughter all day, but the Charlie who now stuck her head into his living room with a happy "Hi Dad!" seemed a completely different person than her evil twin sister from earlier.
It wasn't even his own damned body down there.
"Goodnight."
"Of course I’m sure." He forces himself to smile. "Don’t worry about me."
"No worries," he said, looking around the crowded room. "You've had plenty of stuff to do, people to say hello to."
Sam felt like he was about to betray himself with every movement and with every pause.
"Come on, man." Dean pushes harder. "Don’t bullshit me. The girl, where are you keeping her? And what about the other two of you bloodsuckers? Where are they?"
Castiel stares at him, slowly lets go of his shoulder and finally nods.
"I don’t know."
He took Castiel’s face in his hands and pulled him closer.The kiss was gentle. Castiel’s hand moved under Sam’s undershirt and slid over his warm skin. With each touch Sam felt himself waking up, slowly, like he was being pulled out of a deep slumber.
"I like you too, Sam."
"What crawled up your ass and died?" Charlie looked at him disapprovingly. "Okay, so then I decide: We’re going to the police station."
"That surprising, huh?"
Sam huffs out an incredulous laugh. "Are you serious?"
He’s pacing the space in front of the couch where Castiel and Sam are seated.
Sam gazes from Castiel's hand, still resting on his knee, down his legs to his feet. He sits half-cross-legged - it’s uncomfortable, but it would be easy to jump off the bed any second if need be. The door is in his field of vision.
"She thinks ballet is interesting, so she practices a lot."
"Let's just forget I said anything at all, okay?"
"Daddy!" She let go of Dean's hand and ran towards Sam as if she hadn't seen him for weeks. "I love you so much."
Castiel hesitates before he asks, "But it does have to do with Lucifer, doesn't it?"
He tried to hug him but Dean wouldn't let him.
"Sam."
Cas’ smile is faltering, but when Dean wants to pull away, he catches his hand.
He remembers meeting Armisael in a town in Kentucky and driving out into a field, which —at the time— had seemed like a perfectly reasonable thing to do. He'd needed information and one of the few friends he'd still had left had tried to help him find it.
"Like what?"
The final credits ran across the canvas.
"Why are you whatevering me?" Sam asks. "What in God’s name could I have possibly done wrong now?"
"You seem troubled." Castiel stroked over his bare shoulder. "If you're worried that you might be pregnant again. I can assure you-"
"Why do you guys care about animal attacks at all? How is that fed’s business?"
"Where is this coming from? You never complained about not being paid for hunting before."
"Of course I'm me." Castiel furrows his brows. "Are you worried that you’re hallucinating? I can assure you, you are not. But I’m very sorry about your dream."
"That's exactly what you're going to do." Dean steps out of the shadows, his cocked gun aimed at them. "Where is he?"
After the salt and burn on the way out of the city, Dean puts the music back on.
"Really?" She raises an eyebrow at Sam, who shrugs non-committedly. "I’m going to get four plates then."
"It’s Sunday. There’s not going to be anyone in the school to haunt."
"I know I did!" She looked up. "I read every book I could find, I talked to everyone in heaven - so stop pretending it's not true! If I hadn't been born you would still be alive."
It's Sam's idea to check with the police before heading out to meet more of the people on Castiel's list. Dean refuses to call them vics. It could be self-induced. It could be drugs. Or something like mass psychosis - he tries to remember if that's a real thing, and not just something he's seen in a movie once. He's about to ask Sam, as they enter the police station but a voice shakes him out of his thoughts.
Even the bathroom is fancy in a place like this. The walls black stone. Chrome everywhere.
That was Dean's cue. He jumped out of his cover, whirled around, and held the angel's sword to the distracted angel's throat.
Sam struggles to see the connection. He looks back at Castiel, who takes a sip of his coffee. He seems disappointed by Sam's lack of enthusiasm.
Sam shrugged and scooted closer to him. Castiel liked the feeling of body heat against him and stroked through Sam’s hair. Usually Sam slept without a T-shirt on, which Castiel liked better. The direct skin contact felt even nicer.
were doing research.
"So you want to get some rest now?" Jody asks, when she returns.
Charlie stood tall over a slumped figure, her hand pressed into his forehead. He screamed in agony.
"And you're sure of that?"
In the dark, Sam could only see the outline that had become so familiar to him over the years. It was absurd how much things could change. How this had become his "normal" and how terribly afraid he'd become of losing the little bit of normality that he had fought for – or stolen.
"That's on you. You think what you wanna think. It's not like you'd care to hear my side of the story anyway. It's not like you ever cared."
"I don’t know," he answers quietly.
"There’s nothing."
"Because I was clearly into you… Am… Because I am into you. You know that, right?" Castiel still seems a bit lost. Sam wonders if his words are still too ambiguous. "I want us to be more than friends."
"Me too. I don't know how it works. Any of it." He presses the palm into his eye socket again, he pushes in so deep until he's seeing white dots, nothing but white dots in the vision of his left eye. "I thought she wasn't evil," he admits. "I almost let her go. I…" He knows hardly anyone who is less judgmental than Jody and still, he's half expecting to hear blame. "Should I call someone?" he asks.  "Her family? Should I build a pyre? But Dean and Cas."
Akiko smiles at him, a little hesitant. Sam smiles back and nods towards the blue door. "You ready?"
He drinks the remainder of the soda water and puts the empty can down next to the bed.
"At some point they must have left, I guess."
Bobby tried to process all the new information. »You went... shopping for presents?«
He is both narcissistic and self-sacrificing, a combination which is not as contradictory as it sounds at first.
"If you hadn't been born, the two would still be happy together."
Clearly, this is a good thing and nothing for anyone to get their panties into a twist.
"Hey, does anyone else want another helping?" Jason asked into the silence.
"I’m not sure that’s what she’s doing."
It's a male and a female one. Dean figures they are a couple, by the way the place is set up.
"I don’t need a pillow, either." After a moment, he adds: "But thank you."
Sam and Dean also recognized her, if for different reasons. They couldn’t see her wings, and yet there was a force pulling them towards her. Family ties, love or whatever you wanted to call it. Recognition lay on their faces and they headed straight for her.
"Forget it, Sam.” He shrugged. "It is none of my business anymore what you do and Cas do. You said that yourself. I'm just asking you to at least be honest with yourself."
"Of course."
"Sam can't heal her."
"So this is your fault?” Sam grimaced at his daughter. "Great.”
"Well, he is missing and we don't know what's happened to him."
A pair of ravens flew upwards near the side of the road.
"What kind of food do you eat when you're on the road with Dean?"
It's only a theory, a shaky one at that. It’s not something Sam would even want to ask him. Not something he's willing to say out loud. Besides, while it might work, he's not sure he would want Castiel to be someone who'd agree to that.
"Oh. Good." There's the smallest hint of a smile on Castiel's lips. "I hope you understand why it was important to me to know? I — I know you used to think I was coming on too strong or that I was too much in your space, and it took me a long while to understand how intrusive that must have been for you. I hate the idea that you found me invasive or that I made you uncomfortable."
"There’s always the car. Although that might be a bit too crowded now."
"That's nice of him."
"Ugh. No thanks. Whatever that was, its earned its spot right behind witches as the most annoying mofos I know."
"For the cat?"
"Dude." Dean puts his palms onto the table. "No need to get defensive. I don't want you to do anything. I just want to understand."
"It's not just him." Dean didn't shake Castiel's hand away. "I'm worried about her too."
"I know that."
Sam furrowed his forehead, took another sip of the water and looked at him for a long while, before he nodded.
Sam is angry with him.
She squeezes his shoulder.
"A few. Do you another piece of pie?
It feels wrong to put her in the trunk of the car, but he can't let sentimentalities get to him. She is dead either way. He can't fail her in any other way now. His concern for her safety and her interests is belated.
Dean had fixed his eyes on the dark road ahead.
Castiel's mouth is on his, slightly parted. There's a beat, a moment where Sam feels Castiel's breath against the roof of his mouth, until he finally hears "I love you, too, Sam," and feels the vibration of the words on his lips.
"Totally."
"We'd prefer to talk to the doctor," Dean says.
Sam knows he’s trying extra hard because of the guilt. He shouldn’t have gone off like this and shouldn’t have accused Dean of lying yet again. Most of all, he shouldn’t still be feeling these twinges of doubt.
"Thank you, Sam." Castiel gets up. "I’m really sorry I messed up tonight."
"Cas, I commit about as many by the time I hit the shower in the morning."
»Just put something in.«
Castiel has tensed a little too.
He startles at something in the notes. "Hey, didn't this guy mention something about one of his room mates going to therapy?"
"Some vampires go more for the virginal type," Dean explains.
Now that he's hurt, there’s enough adrenaline running through Dean that nothing about beating up something that looks like Sam feels wrong. In fact, he's just angry with this thing now.
"Yeah, on his own. I don’t get what the big deal is." Sam huffs. "Stop looking at me, and focus on the road."
Castiel came closer and put his hand on Dean's forehead.
The two of them were standing near the front door. Dean had his back against the wall.
"Okay, so..." Sam shifts his position, so they're sitting right across from each other. "Do I have to... do anything?"
"Yeah, Cas mentioned that. Congrats. At least your college years weren’t a total waste of time then."
"What is it then? What could I have possibly done wrong? I was away the whole day and I got your book, didn't I?"
Castiel nodded. "I see.”
And what does it matter, really? It doesn’t make what they have any less true.
"You’re weak in many ways, Castiel. Your grace is…" The blade cut deep into his skin, right under his collarbone. There was a curious look on his face. "It is diminished. Who took it?"
The movie they watched is
Castiel doesn’t reply. But for the rest of the car drive, when Castiel isn’t checking his phone, Dean catches him staring.
"An angel? I mean, how many angels have you even met? And guys? Are we talking plural? I always thought you were straight until this whole Cas-thing happened!"
Dean huffs.
"It’s not a secret," Sam says, looking up at Cas. "It’s just… You know when someone asks if they’re alright but they’re not actually asking if they’re alright? It’s just a courtesy."
"No, please do repeat yourself. I clearly need reminding as I still have not fully understood what you’re trying to tell me."
Dean's jaw clenched again. He would certainly not get dragged into this stupid game and let himself be provoked by Sam.
"Sam." He took a step towards him."Wasn't there a specific reason you came to see me?"
"No, it is not like that. It just weakens me and as I take on parts of his, I seem to become more human, temporarily."
Just when he thought she had fallen asleep, she turned her face back to him.
He felt the impulse to get up and leave, but she’d already been informed that he was here. He glanced at the woman at the front desk, waited until she was busy with another visitor, and then slipped through the glass door inside the building and towards the elevator.
He decides to pay in cash, just in case.
The smell of Castiel’s hair is clean, crisp, almost odorless. Sam breathes it in deeply, shuddering slightly, as he tries to anchor himself to reality.
Dean struggled to sound neutral. He didn’t want to pour more oil onto the fire. It did not work. Sam turned his anger onto him anyway.
"Okay, then. I'll be with Charlie if you change your mind."
"Somebody has to make sure that we get some money."
Just then, the phone in Sam's pocket vibrates. "It's Dean," he reads. "He says the case is done. He's just gonna tie up some loose ends." Which suggests the case maybe isn't completely over, but he decides to trust Dean on this and not hang around. "Let's drive back home."
"How did you know he was going to be here?" Dean asks. "What is this place anyway?"
"Wait. What are you planning to do? Is that an angel sword?"
"Well you got it wrong. I don't." He cocks his head to the side. "You've seen us, what? A few times a year on a hunt, and you think you got us all figured out? I know you care about Sam, but believe me, I can look out for him. I've been doing it all my life."
She shrugged and said nothing.
He pulled out his phone; there were no new messages. All other guests came in pairs and had someone to talk to. For a brief moment he imagined that Castiel was with him. He wondered what he’d order from the menu and what Dean would tell him about today.
"Well, all right. You got me," Sam says. "I messed up — what do you want me to do about it now?" Sam hates the defensiveness in his voice. When his eyes cross Castiel's, he looks disconcerted.
"Is Charlie asleep?"
"Shit!" He put a hand up to the back of head, and let himself fall onto the unmade bed. He felt a little fuzzy, as a sharp pain seared through his skull.
This Sam hears, because he takes it as an attack. His shoulders tense up. He doesn’t dignify the comment with an answer, which Dean doesn't seem to have expected either.
Sam huffs out a short laugh.
Sam pulled up the corners of his mouth. "No kidding."
"No, of course not. I know that I messed up, I know what I did wrong."
Sam thought for a while. "I’m hurt, yeah, but it’s okay."
but even that can’t take away the cheeriness radiating from his brother.
Castiel has not left; instead, he has stepped closer, a concerned look on his face.
Dean forces himself to think about what that means. Sam's possibly in danger and they're hunting monsters. Sam's in danger. The most important person in his life, the only one he'd do anything for is in freaking danger. Yet here he is, hurting over the fact that Sam is loved in the way he needs to be loved. Hurting because someone, the wrong someone, is providing Sam the one thing Dean can't.
Sam can't really remember the first time he understood Dean's feelings for Cas. Unlike Cas' obvious pining for Dean, which was hard to miss for anyone, Dean's expressions of love were always more subdued. You could probably mistake them for friendship or even something less. Well, maybe you could if you weren't the person who knew him best.
"But why would they —" She pauses. "I mean, that's related to the case, right?"
Outside on the street, Dean pulls his hands over his face as a shield against the drizzle and turns around, looking for a place that doesn't seem too horrible. He doesn't want to get wet again before he gets any food into him.
"Check out what?" Dean asks. He saunters into the room, nothing but boxer shorts, a ratty AC/DC t-shirt, and a cup of coffee on him. Sam hands him the tablet. Dean reads in silence for a moment, puts the tablet aside and inhales his coffee. "Might be nothing, but couldn't hurt to check out."
"Are there any security cameras?"
In the car, Sam hadn't apologized again and Dean hadn't commented on it, because really, he'd already said everything there was to say the last time.
“Cas didn't do anything, if that's what you think. He said it's up to me. But Sam claims that I have to grow up first, before I can make such important decisions. Like things are suddenly going to be so different in five years.”
"Dean," Castiel says, when they sit inside, and instead of turning the car key, Dean slumps back and looks at him. "We are good friends, you and me."
"So she wasn't who we thought we were, so what?" It's not like it's the first time this has happened. You think someone's the culprit, you apologize and move on to killing the actual monster. It's not the time to dwell on your mistakes.
»Dean!« The voice came from the hallway. »Where are you?«
Castiel looked at him in silence. He had mixed feelings: He liked humanity —there were a few people he more than just liked— but he wished for more for his daughter. Every day that she was without her grace it physically hurt him to see her this way. He knew she was too young to properly notice and understand its absence, but that day would come.
Dean moves his head slightly backwards and frowns. "And what the hell is that supposed to mean?"
He leant forward and turned the music off.
"You shouldn't be here." Sam's face had hardened.
Sam squints. "We don’t watch a lot of crime."
"You really wanna do this, huh? Well, okay..."
The conversation progressed as slow as molasses. But at least they weren't hurting each other with their words. So far.
»Sammy, what's going on?«
He watches the car disappear down the road, until it’s completely out of view. Then, he starts walking again.
“That's not the point."
"What happened between you two?"
"I know." Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose and presses his eyes close. Their rims look red and raw.
Dean laughed. This time it was an honest laugh that made Sam smile out of ancient reflex.
"I'm not angry, I'm disappointed that you trust the voices in your head more than you trust me," Castiel states.
It’s amazing just how small a guy of Sam’s size can make himself look.
The first thing Sam sees when he wakes up are Castiel's eyes up close, right in front of his face.
"But if I’d chosen a female vessel…" Cas muses.
Cas puts a hand against Dean's chest, the warmth radiating through the cotton t-shirt.
The last two try their luck at overpowering Sam. The gun falls out of his hand onto the floor.
It was only a millisecond, but Dean saw Castiel's hands graze over both Charlie's and Sam's shoulders before stepping away from them and turning to Dean.
"I am."
Him freaking out. The music. Dean singing. The gas station. Cas’ warm fingers. Waking up. Falling asleep to Dean’s and Cas' intimate murmuring. The bar and the jealousy. That goddamn kiss.
Dean's eyes never leave Castiel as he speaks of Sam with a striking authority. It would surprise him if Sam told him that he's never spoken about the topic with Castiel. That what he is saying is, if not speculation, then pure extrapolation.
"I think you’re still useful, even if you no longer serve heaven." She cocked her head to the side. "You know a lot of things and I learn a lot from you. You also help Uncle Dean do research for his cases, which he uses to save people, and Dad likes you too. He thinks you're very smart. "
Castiel looks very human when he shakes his head and heaves up his shoulders at the same time, as if his body is undecided which motion is more important. He looks at his own entwined hands on the table. When he faces Sam again, he seems upset. Sam wants to take it back, whatever it is he's said wrong.
"There’s no need to be sorry. You are right. I do feel rather contemplative. But it’s not because of Dean’s whereabouts. He’s close and safe. I don’t have to worry about his well-being right now."
"Once she was summoned, whenever someone asked for the truth, that is all they got to hear. People couldn't lie."
He lowered the volume.
"Sammy. Found anything?"
"Fun?" She raised an eyebrow. "Yes, it was great to be treated like a human being for a moment and not like an idiot."
Suddenly the table went quiet and even Zeppelin seemed to have stopped drooling.
"Dean-"
"He wasn't?" Dean is taken aback. "If he was just playing a round of Uno with the devil, why did Sam listen to him then?"
"And what page is that?"
“Earlier today you told me he deserved me." Castiel's voice sounds almost neutral. "Is that what you truly think?"
"You want to hustle pool?"
“Uncle Dean, what did you do? Why are you bleeding?” Charlie sounded very upset.
Sam huffed. "That's called being a fool."
"Because I know you, Dad. Because I've been listening to your lectures for 14 years now."
"No! Sam is doing great. It's a hypothetical question.”
Lucifer was right.
"You wanna go to him?" He asked, as casually as possible. When he got no answer, he closed the laptop and caught his eyes. "It’s fine. It’s getting late anyway. We need to leave early, so we can get there before the school opens."
The way back to the bunker is too long not to let his mind wander. He feels spent. Tired and empty. His shoulder is starting to hurt more. He knows there's gotta be some Codeine in the car. After fishing around for a while, with his eyes on the road, he finds it in the glove compartment. Half an hour later he starts feeling a bit woozy. It's not too bad. It's kind of nice. The radio is playing some 70s cheesefest that doesn't make him feel any less sorry for himself.
Castiel sits down on Sam’s bed, looking at him, waiting.
"Dean's waiting downstairs," she said now, in a different tone.
Sam swallows down his feelings. He would be angry too if Dean didn't believe him, he tells himself. He's been there. He needs to stop comparing Castiel and Dean's relationship to his own and Dean's. A mirroring of their fucked up love wouldn't exactly be reassuring. The desperation of it. The inability to walk away when you know it would be best to.
"Do you want me to tell you where you're supposed to be taking me, or would you rather keep driving in the wrong direction for a while?"
"No, not you. Cas."
"We’re three people. Cas can go check the morgue."
When they step outside the bar, it has started raining.
"Did you teach him? The way you taught Charlie?"
"Your brother needs you."
"Look, it doesn't really matter what Dean thinks. You heard what he said: He's working the case with us, and if he doesn't want to stay here anymore, we finish it ourselves. It wouldn't be the first case we work separately."
All Cas does is softly stroke from between his shoulder blades to the back of his neck.
"What happened?” he asked in Enochian. He didn't miss the look she gave Dean before she answered.
"I wish I didn't have to get up so soon. I hate having to go to work."
Sam and him had agreed that he would bring her back in the morning. It was now three in the afternoon. He knew he was driving slowly on purpose.
And even if he were, it would never be enough to atone for all his wrongdoings.
It doesn’t really make much sense to Sam. That’s not how sleep cycles work.
"You know what I mean."
Dean is still trying to figure out what that means. He can't really picture them having a candle night dinner, the whole nine yards. And knowing Sam —Well, actually, Dean reminds himself. He's never seen Sam dating someone for real ever before. Sure, Dean's met most of the women in Sam's lives, at least the ones who lasted over a night. But all of Sam’s more serious relationships took place when Dean wasn't around. Jessica, Amelia, even someone like Ruby.
Dean lets go of Castiel and goes to pick up Sam’s gun.
Dean huffs and shakes his head. It's a good reminder how Sam sees him. As the angry overbearing brother who wants to fight even when there's no point to it.
"What I don't understand is, wouldn't you be targeted instead of them?" Akiko asks. "You were the one who talked to the therapist."
Dean opened the bottle with his teeth and spat the crown cork onto the floor.
Castiel looked at Sam thoughtfully for a while.
"Then what?" Castiel shakes his head, not understanding. "What do you think is going to happen?"
»She was probably just scared of us.«
He hadn't meant to smile.
"I had a weird dream while I was out," Sam says, as he puts the plate into the dishwasher. He lifts his head to find Castiel eyeing him apprehensively.
»I don't feel comfortable leaving you and Sam alone again, either.«
"No, of course not." Sam looks away, towards the door.
"I did talk to the police," she says, "I was trying to do right by my patient. But I didn't cause any of this!"
"That's... Dean! Come on, man, that's not-"
"Don’t you get it," Sam adds with emphasis. "I thought out his company, at times when I could have been left in peace."
Some part of him feels bad for Cas, but mostly it's just upsetting to see him like this. It's wrong.
“Awesome." Dean got up. "What the hell are we doing here, huh?"
"You didn’t do anything wrong," he says tiredly. "I just wanted to know how you’re doing."
Dean shrugs.
"Oops, sorry," Charlie laughed and kissed him on the lips. "We totally forgot the time when we walked across campus. Did you know that my Dad used to go here too?"
"Thanks. I think I’ll find a damn bathroom by myself."
"I'm to blame for Sam's death. And I didn't manage to protect my daughter. Tell me how is any of it not my fault? ”
There's a silver lining if Dean is right and it's not vampires. Vetelas usually take several days to kill and Sam has barely gone missing. If he's missing at all.
He put his right hand on Dean's cheek.
"Are any of his belongings still here?"
"Promise me you won’t do anything stupid while we’re gone," Sam said in quiet voice. His breath lifted a strand of his hair.
"She’s just finished training."
The white lines on the grey stony ground are almost completely faded.
"Great. He wants to be with you too. I'm not a fortune teller. You'll make it work or you won't. But if you want my prediction, in a few hours you'll both be back to cutesely angsting over each other. It's your thing. It's fine. It's good if you guys can make it work. If you make each other happy. It's - " At this point, Dean is talking more to himself than to Castiel. He takes a deep breath. "Maybe we shouldn't be talking about this with him in the back, huh?"
Sam draws Castiel’s face closer and asks again, pushes their lips together, just to make sure that he understood him right this time.
When Sam doesn't move, Dean goes onto his knees on the cold tiles.
"Sure, yes. Go," he nodded, trying to smile encouragingly. "I’ll see you tomorrow."
"And so you didn't want to tell her that you’re dying because you gave birth to her?"
"No." Castiel shakes his head. "I can't just go. Not when your disinterest in my company comes so suddenly. You're clearly unwell. What happened? Did I do something to upset you? Are you angry with me?"
But these are just tiny moments of horror in a midst of genuine happiness. No more relevant to his life than the short glimpses of hell flitting through his brain, or the memories of past relationships lost.
Sam shook his head. "That was Garth. He is terribly sorry for all of this and asked if we don't all want to come to eat dinner with them tonight." Sam looked at Dean. "So that we could all spend some time together and the trip wasn't completely in vain."
So he tried to get the conversation going again: "A lot has happened in the past year, hasn't it?"
It's a small square room, a spare storage room maybe. It has no windows. On the stone floor lies a mat and a sleeping bag that rustles alive as they step inside the room. The short struggle between fight or flight response is visible in the man's eyes, before he settles on freezing. His black hair peeks out under his woolen hat and there's a musty smell in the air.
But then she just nodded. Dean put his arms around her to steady her, as she climbed off the table. "Come on, let's get you out of here."
"Yeah, thanks. You?"
"You'd think after all these years,'' Dean's voice is barely there, "that Sam almost dying wouldn't throw me off my course that much? But I feel really...
He wasn’t sure why he’d assumed that Castiel of all people, someone who typically avoided crowds and bars, had accompanied Dean tonight. The picture that presented itself to Sam was surprising: Castiel carried Charlie in her arms, singing to her. They both looked calm. Sam wasn't sure why, but he was moved. He would have liked to watch the two a little longer, but as if he had a sixth sense for it, Castiel turned to him.
But there’s also this odd hopefulness in him. The need to see the best in everyone, to assess people by their best days rather than by their flaws. That’s the kind of baseline-Sam Dean’s always aiming for. Displeased but with a vaguely sanguine outlook.
»Dean is asleep«, he said, as he finally stood on shaky knees.
"No. I didn't send him." Sam kneads his hands. "I guess we're just both worried about you."
"No. It’s not." Dean puts a hand to his sore throat. "But it’s something."
He’d forgotten what being in love is like. That something can be so unsettling and uplifting at the same time.
"It was a bit weird at first. To really understand that she was the same. But then again, I didn’t really feel a strong connection to her in her first body. I only fell in love with her when she was in a new vessel."
"The yoga studio was mostly a bust. I found nothing unusual. No EMF, no funny smells reported, nothing. Everyone loved Greg, apparently. I asked if there'd been any new students in his courses."
"Say hi to Garth from me. He should let me know if Charlie acts up."
Castiel reached for Sam's cheek and turned to face him. In the dark, his eyes didn't look blue, but completely black.
It's different when he's in control. When he can make himself believe that he is.
"I'm gonna go hit the hay," Dean says and gets up.
Sam’s eyes are red and the hands have left their mark on his neck, but it’s the way Dean looks at him, as they leave the not-so-abandoned warehouse and the corpses behind, that gives him pause.
He sat down at the table and tightened the towel around his waist. "Seems like I missed a quite heated morning discussion."
"I don’t know. Some angel." Now that he said it out loud, he felt ashamed for how incredibly stupid and naive he had been. "Sam always had this incredible talent to get himself in some real deep trouble - just think of the apocalypse."
"Is everything ok with you?" Sam asked, studying him.
Sam shrugged his shoulders. »I don't really know how you celebrate Christmas.«
Dean leans back and crosses his arms. "You think I run on alcohol?" He’s not offended; he’s all piqued interest and a bit of amusement. He even smiles a little.
Dean snorted. “Maybe later. Right now I just- " He didn't finish his sentence. He cocked his head and watched Castiel for a long time.
Sam's eyes didn't betray what he was thinking. Her expression was completely neutral. »He's great. Don't worry, I like him.«
"So you didn't keep this information from me out of fear I would, well —" Castiel looks bashful.
"Wow, really? That’s amazing!" Jason exclaimed over and over again, whenever Sam answered one of his endless questions about the afterlife.
Dean clears his throat. "You guys seem to have figured stuff out, right?"
Dean took a step closer to him. He squeezed Sam's shoulder. "Sammy?"
He only notices he’s down on the ground, curled up into a ball, when he feels Castiel’s hand on his shoulder, shaking him firmly.
"It's late, Charlie, and you can't sleep if you drink caffeine now."
"You know what, Sam?" Dean's nostrils flared, but his voice was even. "Fuck you."
"Could I get a room?"
"Of course. We’re just working every angle here."
Dean brushes his words aside.
"You know where the bathroom is, right?" She asks, then remembers earlier. "Oh, right, I know you do."
Dean sees nothing up there but stains and dusty cobwebs.
Castiel threw him a surprised look, before heading down the hall. They didn’t exchange any words.
"Yeah?"
"Shut up."
"Forget it."
"I don't see the connection," Castiel admitted.
"Yes, she is, but –"
Hesitantly, Sam stretches out his arms and hugs back. He tugs Castiel’s head under his chin and holds on close, and tries to relax. Again, when he's the one doing the holding, it's easier.
Something in Castiel’s face made him look infinitely tired and exhausted. He squinted against the sun.
Sam just shook his head before he accepted the offered shoulder and buried his face in Castiel's neck. "God damn it."
»You're more than a little drunk, Dean.«
"He was probably already dead."
Akiko and Sam share another glance. It fits the timeline.
Castiel didn't reply, but instead seemed to decide to shelve the provided information somewhere in his  infinite celestial brain.
"Now you believe there is a case," Castiel says. "Now that someone else confirms it."
Dean stared at the street ahead.
"Thanks, Mr., uh, Dean."
"I wish to have this," he says and moves in for another kiss.
What’s weird is: the moment when your fears finally turn out to be true, you actually end up sighing a breath of relief, too, along with everything else.
"I'm glad you came back," he eventually said.
Charlie giggled.
"Well, love. Feelings. Just life in general. I don’t think any of it is fair. I thought you’d already figured this out. God being an absent father and all that…" He touches Castiel’s shoulder. "Sorry. That’s just the way I see these things anyway. You probably shouldn’t listen to me. I don’t mean to be such a downer."
He threw Dean another nasty look before continuing to clean the floor. "What were you trying to do with the milk anyway?" Now he turned to his daughter.
"Are you texting Dean?" he finally asked.
"Really. I misunderstood him?" He scoffed. "He told me he fucked an angel. What is there to misunderstand?"
In retrospect, Dean was grateful for Sam has suggested the furniture store. He wondered how it was possible that it could be so crowded on a Wednesday afternoon. At least here he knew what he was supposed to be doing, even if that was just follow Sam through the different departments and answer questions about the quality of bath mats or bedside lamps every now and then.
"Me, me, me!" Charlie jumped up from her chair.
Sam seemed tired when he opened the door, but otherwise he looked well. His hair was fairly neat even though it reached his shoulders; his T-shirt and jeans looked fairly new, and he looked healthier than Dean had felt in decades.
"They started screaming at each other. They brought up all kinds of stuff, half of which I didn't know shit about, because I wasn't there when they'd taken place. And Dad kept saying how Dean wasn't half a good hunter as he thought he was. Dean, on the other hand, kept telling Dad to stop treating him like a child, when he wasn't. I remember... he said 'If I'm old enough to save your goddamn life, why am I not old enough to-?' And I have no idea what he was going to say next, because that's when John smacked him. It was the first time I ever saw him hit Dean. The way they stared at each other after. Dean was clearly angry but there was no surprise at all. So I figured this wasn't new."
Castiel looks unfazed.
"But Sam," Castiel sounds puzzled, "I’m not alone. I’ve got company."
"If you’d told me that a bit earlier you could have spared me a few really bad hours."
Castiel looked at him with big open eyes, and remained silent. Maybe he was trying to find the right words. But what was Sam trying to gain here? Another love declaration that left him feeling uncomfortable and yet strangely reassured, that at least someone still thought of his as good and worthy of affection.
"We should check on the people we know were afflicted before him."
"Sam is my only problem," he huffs and stares down at her.
"I don't understand why Sam would feel embarrassed about this." Castiel looks hurt. "He is not responsible for Jody's misconceptions."
He notices a smudge of blood on Castiel’s temple.
"Okay, I got a few possibilities floating around in my mind. Option one," Dean says, counting on his fingers, "some of that leftover trauma Cas never got out of you bubbled up. That's what you seem to think, right?"
Dean raises an eyebrow and shares a quick glance with Cas.
"Thanks." He hangs up, turns, taps Akiko's arm. "Let's go."
Sam is stunned into silence. He was expecting more pushback.
"I know you don't want to upset your brother. But don't you think that our daughter's well-being is more important than his irrational jealousy?"
The silence between them was extremely uncomfortable, but the peace was so fragile that Sam couldn’t think of anything safe to say.
Sam took a sip of the wine to fill the silence. Castiel did the same.
"You know he loves you, don't you?"
Castiel seemed very skeptical still.
And then what? He’s going to swoop right in and lift Cas' off his feet and Sam won't mind because Sam will forgive anything?
He pushed the anger aside, as well as the questions about how she knew where Dean was.
Sam was quite drunk himself, but he felt, tonight, he very much deserved to help his serenity a little bit this way.
"I'm glad to hear it," Castiel said. "Is she talking to you?"
"Dean." Castiel exhakes and l his hands. His voice is more quiet, but still unsteady as he continues."I don't know what I'm doing half the time. I don't understand what your brother sees in me and I'm afraid it might be a fluke."
"It’s the perfect time to check for EMF, when the school is empty." Sam knows this already. "Besides, we can find this David Something guy." He taps the paper. "If he just seems like a nut job, we can leave again."
Sam bent down toward the tapes.
Sam wants to check out the yoga studio.
Sam stands up reluctantly. He does that over-expressive thing with his forehead, probably contemplating if Dean is okay enough to be left alone. And then, with his hands flat on the table, his expression changes into something unreadable. "We weren't really too loud, were we?" His cheeks turn a little pink the way they do when he's been running or eating hot peppers. He's already regretting having asked. "I'm so sorry. I just don't want it to be awkward for you."
Dean's eyes shoot up, before he can glare, he looks down at his hand, on the metal - lifts them and leaves smeared fingerprints.
"What do you want from me?" Castiel asks, tired. "I am not being factious, I really mean it: what would you have me do here, Dean?"
"No. But doing research with so little to go on is always taking a crapshoot."
After a while, he drags himself out his room into the kitchen and puts on a pot of water. He watches it as it slowly starts to boil.
"Not so fast."
Dean’s eyes flicked to Charlie. She had a book opened in her lap, but was clearly unable to focus on reading. She hadn’t turned more than one page in half an hour and she kept getting up to fetch something to drink from the kitchen or to walk to the bathroom.
"No, it only makes things more complicated."
"I'm serious. It's full of tapioca starch. It's practically a meal." Dean opens his mouth to protest, so Sam adds:  "I had a salad at the coffee shop."
feel better?"
"You don't think she's going to notice files missing after you ran out on her?" Dean glares at him.  Sam feels uncomfortably aware of the two other people in the room watching. He doesn't mean to cower, it's just what his shoulders do. He's found his ways to deal with Dean over the years, to pacify him, but it's different when someone else is around. Their dysfunctionality is much harder to ignore when he gets to peek at it from the outside.
There's no euphoria. He feels nothing except the need to check on Sam, as the head rolls onto the floor. Dean wipes blood from his face.
"Oh well," Dean says. "You know how the bureau is."
"But we do have a special bond." Now Charlie took a step forward. Her mood had also changed from silly to tense. "Usually an archangel protects the prophet, but since there aren’t any left, it is my job."
»You did. Thanks.«
"I love you," he answers belatedly, as he moves upwards, kissing over different skin than before. His hand squeezes one of her breasts, provoking a much lower moan. The pale-white beneath him turns into shimmery olive, as he licks his way over a hip bone and upwards. He's kissing her again, as he moves into her now, but it’s much more forceful and urgent.
"But Sam," Castiel doesn’t sound content. "I want to continue helping you."
"Sorry, do you mind?" A large guy in a leather vest pushed Sam aside and went into the kitchen.
"Yes."
"Not when you were together."
He did want to know, he still does. It angers him that he didn’t get a chance to find out what any of it meant.
"Point taken. But it still feels stupid to argue about Charlie’s future plans the night before her wedding."
Sam slowly pulls his hand out of under Castiel's. "Didn't he tell you? I was pretty much useless all the way through. I almost sabotaged the whole thing." When he sees the concerned look on Castiel's face, he adds: "By accident, I mean."
"I don’t care. I just figured it’s not my place to explain anything to her. If you guys don’t want other people to know, that’s your thing."
"I just burned myself on the stupid grill. It’s nothing. It’s fine now."
Sam turned to Charlie and Dean, who were standing in a coffee shop that definitely hadn’t existed in his college time, but which, according to Charlie, sold the best pie ever.
"What? Who told you that?" Sam shook his head. "We don't know if this has got anything to do with her. It could be anything."
Sam couldn't make out what Dean and Castiel said next. He only heard soft murmurs and laughter.
"No, Charlie, that’s not true."
Castiel is looking off into the distance, over the row of fields framed by the blue horizon. His forehead is a little furrowed.
"That makes sense," Castiel says. She turns her attention to him now and offers her hand. He takes it but doesn't say his name.
"You were chosen by God," said one of the angels with the crinkly foil in her hands. "This is a great honor."
Sam takes a step forward. "Didn't at least some of them talk to you about their experiences afterwards?" Sam asks. "Even if they all stopped coming to therapy, shouldn't you have noticed something was off?" She straightens her back, and the alarm bells in Dean's head start ringing again.
Castiel looks up from the tablet. "Are we going to take on the case?"
Castil looks sheepish as he says, "I think he might have been hallucinating."
So much has changed.
"Come on!" Lucifer jumps off the bed. "You know why I’m still here. You engaged, and boy did you engage." He whistles. "How about another round later?" He eyes the bed. "After you're done with your little 'Nancy Drew meets angelic Hardy Boy' mystery thing. But you know I’m good for those, too."
"It's not hard to understand. I'm not a child. I understand. Dad's in love with you and that's why he broke up with Dean."
She squints a little and tilts her hand, and something about that sets his insides into a twist. "Okay," she says, eventually, and nods like she's still trying to convince herself this a good idea. "Why not."
"It most definitely was not." Castle’s shift in mood is swift and brutal. Where there was quiet consideration, there’s only plain anger now. "Sam. You were physically and psychologically tortured by one, if not the most, cunning being in the universe. The fact that you’re contemplating your own responsibility in the matter is testament to that. That you’d doubt yourself in such a way just shows how much power he still has over you. It does not show any of your failings in the matter, of which there are none."
"But nothing."
There's no one in the kitchen either. On the ginormous chrome fridge there is exactly one photograph held in place by a creepy yellow smiley face. Dean pushes the magnet aside to get a proper look at the whole family. They all look unremarkably upper middle class rich, both the parents and the teenager daughter and son. Castiel didn't mention which one's involved but if Dean had to guess, it's the brother.
Castiel takes a step toward him. "Dean?" he asks. He tilts his head and there, at last, there is something else in his eyes. And of course, Dean is acting weirdly. He can tell he is. But all he does is hold up his hand to his face and stare at it once more. A wave of desperation goes through him, almost making him keel over. It all seems to clear now: How trapped he is. That it doesn't get any better with time, it only gets worse. All that lying, all that swallowing down of emotions, no one would be able to do that much of it without occasional bouts of doubt. If Castiel asked him now, maybe Dean could try and explain. Maybe he could explain and things would still be salvageable. Maybe just saying things out loud once would help.
They both stood so close to the opened engine that their arms touched while they worked.
A chopped off head is as good a reason as any to drive out, really. Dean knows that he’s not acting completely rational.
"I've already told her that she is a product of my love for you."
When he heard a soft moan that definitely didn't come from Dean, Sam finally took a step back further into the room. He carefully pulled the door close.
Dean keeps coming back to that obvious truth. It seems incomprehensible that Sam doesn't know that too. Sam had talked about it like it had been voluntary. Like it happened with different people, too.
She follows him without another word. The gravel crunches under her steps. They don't pay attention to the man they leave behind, as he whines, "What about my money?"
"Awesome."
"If you had thought a second before you let him impregnate you-"
Dean felt his throat go dry. He had an inkling what this was going to be about.
"Why?" She had crossed her arms and her face exuded a seriousness that painfully reminded Dean of Castiel. "My seat is in the Baby."
"Hello Dean," Castiel said. At least his voice sounded normal again. "Was there any trouble on the way back?"
She patted his back. "That's what's important."
"He said he was straight, when he’s not. And I get that people change, I do. But he lied to me for years, man. Decades even. All his life for all I know." He paused, feeling how emotional he was getting. "I get if he wanted to keep this shit from other people, from Dad, friends, other hunters, whatever, but from me?"
When have they ever had a semi-break from anything big for this long? Castiel being captured had felt big, of course, but if it’d really only been a few angels holding a grudge, objectively it wasn’t quite apocalypse-bad. Besides, even if anyone was still out to get Castiel, it wouldn’t work a second time. He’d try and make sure of that.
"What thought?"
Castiel glares at him.
He laughed, as did Sam, then he leant down to her again. "I got to do groceries now."
Dean nodded.
There’s this soft smile on Castiel’s face that he gets to see more and more these days. Which is a good thing, because directed at him it makes him feel all kinds of fuzzy inside. And it’s a bad thing, because it’s distracting as hell. He keeps forgetting what he meant to say or do, when Cas looks at him like this.
They follow her down the hall until she stops.
Sam doesn't look away. "We would
"Because it's important that she starts to think about these things —what it is she wants in life. She needs to contemplate who and what she is."
"Sorry," laughed Sam. He was pretty sure that Castiel had no idea what he was talking about, let alone why it annoyed him. It was just one of those things. "I’m just tired and a bit cranky. I don't know why I even care - You know, sometimes stuff pisses you off that doesn't really have anything to with you? That's the internet for you, I guess."
"Not quite my type."
It’s not really the answer he wanted to hear.
Dean cocks his head. "Why did you then?"
"This pen doesn't even have a cap." Sam slid his thumb across the tip. "See?" He took Castiel's hand and ran the pen over the back of it. It left no trace. "This thing is completely dried out. I just banged my head because of a pen that I'm gonna have to throw away anyway."
Dean crossed his arms over his chest. "What then?"
"Don't even listen to him." Charlie rolled her eyes. "Dean just still can't handle the fact that someone who isn't part of the family is living in the bunker."
"Dean," he hears right behind him. Castiel stands against his back so that they're both under the patio. He holds his coat over both of their heads. "Sam has the key to our room."
"No. Turn the TV off."
He thinks maybe it'd feel less awkward to catch them fucking. But probably —no, probably not. They’d be all emotional and heartfelt about that, too. He’s pretty sure he doesn’t want to see that.
If there was only one person left in the world who meant anything to you, and that person had made it clear that you were standing in the way of their happiness - it was a difficult thing to ignore.
He sighed. She laughed.
Out of impulse, Sam grabbed Castiel's hand and squeezed it.
"You really think so?" Sam put the glass down. “I mean she is barely eleven and for a long time we've been at this point where I can’t teach her anything anymore. She started playing the piano six months ago and she's already playing Beethoven's fifth. That's not very humanlike.” He didn't add how much his own daughter scared him sometimes.
When he’s not marveling the wonders of sensory neurons, he’s thinking about Sam.
Dean glanced at Charlie, who shook her head. "No, you both know what I like."
Castiel shakes his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You’re better at understanding me then," Sam says, firm. "I'm used to him reading me well, but not other people. Not for a long time, anyway."
A little later, when Dean was lying under his blanket, trying to swallow the taste of bile, he heard Sam restlessly turning in his bed.
"She saved Dean's life," Castiel says. "And Dean seemed to like and trust her."
Dean narrows his eyes. "Are you guys not exclusive?"
"And?"
"Yeah. I feel really good actually." Sam tries to think of way to explain how he feels, but struggles to think of fitting words.
He'd almost forgotten. "She's gone. I'm not sure if she's dead, but she evaporated." Then he remembers to tell her her name.
In the car, for a while, there's no sound but a soft moaning from the backseat, where Sam is sprawled across the leather. He's out of it and far gone. But it's only when Sam starts lightly snoring that something jammed in Dean's chest relaxes.
Castiel looks at him. He's doing the probing with his eyes thing again.
"If a deaf person can feel music, it's still music," Sam says. "Isn't it?"
He grips the wheel tighter. "Just give me the address, will you?"
He’d been surprised, actually, when Castiel had eventually switched his tunnel vision off and turned around to him as an afterthought.
"I'm not angry." Dean takes Castiel's hand to shove it off his shoulder. "I'm not angry with you." He means to let go off Cas' hand. "I'm just tired and exhausted, man. Let’s just go and eat, okay?"
Sam laughs, a real laugh —one that 10 years ago would have shown dimples on his face— but it disappears again quickly. "I'm fine, Dean. I'm just thinking about the case."
"Claire-"
As if the whole thing had been a romantic fairy tale and not a drunken one-time thing.
It takes Dean a moment, until he gets what girl Castiel is talking about. "What are you guys doing there? I thought you were at some coffee shop?" Dean asks, lowering his voice, a quick look at the guy behind the desk.
"No." Sam turns around to him. "No, hustling pool is fine. You want me to join you?"
"I-" She laughs. "Yeah, something like that."
"What about you?" Sam asked, so quietly that Dean almost didn't catch it. He was imaging the tone in Sam's voice. "Are you glad to see him?"
A gunshot rings in Dean's ears. The werewolf slumps down over him and knocks the last of air from his lungs. He gets so dizzy he’s seeing black for a second.
"I was so stupid… The way they got me."
It doesn’t feel like it’s working now, Dean concludes. He tries to shift his focus on the task at hand, but the words in the book before him seem like nothing but esoteric-sounding mumbo jumbo. Nothing that will help them with their current case.
"It was a meal salad, I swear. It had like mâche and goji berries and chia seeds and —"
"Yeah, something like that."
"Don’t even think about throwing up in there."
Castiel is quite aware that Dean wouldn’t want him to follow him, stalk him.
"I'll put her to bed quickly," Dean offered. Sam was still not moving. In the dim light of the garage, he could only vaguely make out his form. Just when he wondered if his brother had fallen asleep, Sam replied.
"Why should she be saying baby words?" By now he had to exert a lot of strength to hold the angry child. He felt his heart beat faster as it pumped adrenaline and other stress hormones through his body. "No one talks to her like that. We all agreed we'd only speak to her in full sentences to help with her language development. Just like we’d agreed not to keep stuffing her with cookies and other unhealthy sugary snacks just so she would like us more."
"Yes. He is. He adopted her."
"Am I?" he asks. "I know he tortured me, don’t get me wrong…"
She no longer seemed to be listening, but was instead engrossed in the program again.
But once they're in Dean's room and have put the bags onto the table, Castiel says he's stepping out for a second to 'check on something'. Dean's not sure if he's trying to give them some alone time, and he's even less sure if he wants it or not.
Dean ignored the comment, his face still fixed on Castiel's. "I know that Sam wanted to go, but why were you there, Cas?”
"It's not the same for everyone. Veritas' weakness was dogs. We killed her by dipping a knife into dog's blood."
"Of course."
"Heaven," she corrected.
Castiel watched them leave the room. He didn't ask if he could join, although there was nothing he wanted more right now. He knew when he was unwanted.
"If we had something to bargain with the other angels."
"It kinda feels like you drugged me, to be honest."
"How hard can it be? We'll figure it out. The book was right about how to catch one, too."
"Thanks."
"No, you don't. It works just as well with water."
Dean shakes his head. "Look man, no offense, but I'm not really looking for a heart to heart right now."
Then they both fell silent.
"I guess. You ready?"
In the entrance area of the children’s clinic there was a mood of desolation - exhausted parents, crying toddlers and various building blocks with which nobody played.
Sam squeezed his hand.
He's not sure whether he's glad that Castiel is with him in this or not. Logically, the help of an angel is always a good idea when working on a case. And there's no one more hell-bent on finding Sam and making sure he's okay than the two of them.
Sam, too, followed her around with her eyes, when he asked again: "So did you tell Garth why we don't hunt anymore?"
"Yeah, you do."
"I had breakfast. I’m okay."
"Try."
And while, sure, that's kinda tempting, this isn't what Dean wants.
"That's it. Enough is enough."
"Where are you going?"
Once the wedding would be over and he’d be back in Kansas, he’d feel normal again. There was something about California, even after all the years that unsettled him, precisely because it still felt like a homecoming of sorts. Like someone was pulling him in different directions, and made him realize none of these places truly counted as home.
"It’s a long story," he sighs. "I’ve just told it to Dean in its entirety. I’d rather not waste both our time repeating it right now. I am exhausted, but if you wish for me to-"
"Um, how about: I don't care about their crap? It's not fair for them to change my plans at the last minute? I'm almost sixteen? They would both prefer to be alone without me anyway?"
Dean pulls his shoulders up.
Castiel tilts his head in question. He's not stepped away, but to be fair, he never steps away just to give someone personal space. Unlike Dean, who definitely shouldn't be standing this close.
"Yeah," Dean nods, as he heaves himself into the other armchair. "What happened to the salt circles?"
The terrifying “everything will fall apart any minute now” feeling recedes. And makes room for a quasi-normalcy.
"You did have sexual relations with a man, didn't you? Or several men." Castiel heaves his shoulders as if the difference hardly matters. It probably doesn't.
"This is nobody’s fault! How is it possible that you are both so keen on taking on responsibility for all the wrong-doings in this world?!"
"You really don’t have to lie to me about such things. I am not your brother. It does not make me uncomfortable to hear about your pain. But if you truly wish to no longer accept my help when I’m able to give it again, I understand. Well…" He pauses. "I’m not sure if I understand so much as I’m willing to not understand and no longer pry."
The situation was bizarre. They looked at each other with pleasant surprise. A little overwhelmed maybe, like old friends who happened to run into each other when they’d least expected it.
"What happens if you don't? Does the magic not work then?"
He nodded towards the house.
»He isn't«, Dean spit out, trying to convince himself just as much as Castiel. »Not really. He'll be fine soon.«
"As a matter of fact, yeah. It’s a pretty sweet setup. What's wrong with the bunker now?"
"I'm not going to heaven."
"It just made me think Jessica and everything she never got to have, even though she’d deserved to. Everything that was taken from her. Just because of me. Just because she had to die so early because of me. I guess I just couldn’t stand hearing that I’ve ruined another person’s life too."
"Are you sure everything is okay?"
Dean made a non-committal 'mhm' sound.
"I don't even have a home, Charlie."
»Well, definitely not like this!«
"Are you afraid I might think differently of you?" he asks. "There is nothing you could have done or thought that would turn me away from you, Sam. I have seen your brother kill and torture the lives of many innocent people, and yet I am still by his side."
"You do know you’re not technically 21 yet…" Sam began.
"I was kind of surprised when I heard that you are still hunting," he said.
He offers one to Castiel, who shakes his head.
He’s never told anyone about this. He’s often thought of it. She’s right, of course. He’s never going to be happy with Sam in his life. But he’s also never going to be happy without him.
"Yeah, I remember them," he says, and pulls his legs up to his chest. "Intimidating, broody guy and his friend. Weird vibes."
Dean shrugs in a how-the-hell-would-I-know way.
"Yeah, she doesn't seem the type."
He pulls off her top in a swift and practiced motion.
One last look. When Sam heard the door clang, he knew he was alone.
They smile at each politely, before walking back to the dining room.
"The what?"
"And what was that thing about the affair? How did he know?"
Sam immediately returns the hug. "Yeah," he mumbles into the top of Castiel's head, a strand of hair tickling his nose. "This is good."
"We know." Finally Dean had succeeded and put his shoes next to the door. He hoped he didn’t smell of sweat. He had only bathed in the sea earlier. "But Cas was pretty adamant."
"Of course I did," Dean says. "You should just sit this one out. We got it."
Monogamy is definitely a topic Sam needs to raise —how hard could a quick confirmation of exclusivity really be?— but it’s not their only communication hurdle. Castiel isn't always good about voicing his opinions, either. It’s not that he doesn’t have them, but sometimes it takes some coaxing to get them out of him. Sam wonders if it’s a residual side effect of spending eons as an unquestioning soldier. Or if not voicing his opinion unprompted is just part of Castiel’s character.
"You could have called and asked," he says. When he realizes how defensive it sounds, he adds: "I mean, there was no need to worry. I'm fine."
"You’re welcome. So you’re officially a thing now?"
"None of your business," he says, which is not a good way to get rid of suspicion. Sam's interest is piqued now.
When Sam raised his eyes, he noticed the slight smile around the corner of Castiel's mouth. He had been quietly watching the scene.
, Sam corrects himself.
Sam has no idea what memory he’s referring to, but he clasps his left hand around Castiel’s and puts his right hand on the angel’s shoulder.
Castiel stands before him, watches him a while before he speaks again, without an ounce of accusation: "You didn't drink the coffee I got you this morning. You didn't finish the one in the Diner, either. Not after Dean talked about it."
He knew it was a strange topic to talk to Castiel about, but who else was he going to talk to? Who else, when Castiel was the only real friend he had, and the only person who was an integral part of his life besides Dean and Charlie. He had to be able to talk to someone about something without it being a big thing.
"I know it doesn't even matter what I'm going to say, so I won't repeat it all again. So here's something else: You're the one who broke up with Cas and you've made it pretty clear that you think I'm the only one to blame for that. So, even if you had disturbed us in the middle of whatever - what is it to you? You ended it, Dean. You did that yourself. He can do whatever he wants with whoever and he doesn't owe you shit."
"No matter what you do. The other angels are already on their way here. You can’t escape."
"A flesh-eating creature that turns into whatever we most desire to see," Castiel explains. "It’s a myth that exists in several cultures all over the world. I have never encountered any myself so far."
"I was serious, Sam," Dean didn’t let him finish. "I only care that you are back and that Charlie is fine. This is a win for us. I’m not saying it’s not gonna be awkward for a while, but we can do this, right? And I’m glad Cas..." He hesitated. "I am glad that Cas and I are on good terms again. And look, I’m not saying I’m over what happened or that I’ll ever really be. But I’m trying to see it like this: Being alone sucked. And the fact that I get to have the most important people in my life again is pretty much a miracle anyway." He had forgotten the beer in his hand and took a gulp; it was icy cold.
Sam feels very tired all of a sudden.
"Wouldn’t you want to know?"
Castiel lets go of his foot and takes Sam’s hand instead.
The way Sam looked at him this morning alone would have been enough to convince Dean. Like he’d just spit in his coffee.
"No." Sam shakes his head a little too quickly. "No, it's not really him."
Dean is tempted to ask Castiel to stop staring at him like this, when he realizes something. "How did you know it was a woman?"
"I’m sure! I remember now." Sam’s speech speeds up. "I saw it when I looked up the victim’s names."
"Who?" Castiel asks, frowning. "I am quite certain Dean would react even less enthusiastically than you. Who else would I ask?"
we doing?" Castiel asks him earnestly. Sam can't help but smile at the curiousness in his tone.
"Thanks for your support, Dean, but this is something that Castiel and I have to sort out on our own." Sam's voice had become dangerously calm.
He kissed her forehead. "How are you feeling?”
A door was slammed. Loud steps in the hallway.
"Sure."
"Why would he not want your help?"
Castiel leans back into the seat. He seems a little pacified.
"It’s nothing," Sam said far too quickly, and settled on the other side of the table.
"Fuck. Your neck." Sam's fingers are already on his skin, inspecting the wound. "Are you okay?"
Sam is acting all shy now, like he’s not the one who started this whole thing in the first place.
Castiel nodded. "Yes. I'm just a little weak still."
It is their pleas and their begging he hears in his head, as he pushes himself to walk down the road, further and further.
Dean looks up at him, a frown on his face.
"About Dean?" Sam asks, startled.
"It's piggy's birthday today."
"Dean wasn’t home most of the time," Sam said. "He was hunting a lot. And later when we lived apart… Well, I was the one who did most of the cooking, either way."
Bullshit.
"Dean! What the hell?!?"
"Because you’re better at listening to people’s sob stories." Dean turns to leave. "Let me know if you find anything."
He waited for Sam to roll his eyes, but he just pressed his lips into a thin line.
"I don’t really care."
Castiel's facial expression looked anything but, and rather as if he had just been told that he had won a wellness retreat in hell. Sam laughed again, then remembered something.
Somewhere behind the pile of gifts, Castiel's voice resounded deeply: »I will go and place the packages under the tree now.«
"It's a shame. It would have been good for you to live your truth."
Sam briefly considered whether talking out here was prudent, but decided that even if they woke someone up now, this was a better picture than having Castiel inside his own room in the middle of the night.
"Lila probably remembered that you shouldn't meet strangers off the internet on your own, not even as a werewolf."
"Moving out?" Castiel asks, at the same time that Sam lets out a "What?"
But there's worrying, and there's this hyper alert state. Dean can practically hear the sirens go off in his head and see their blinking red lights.
Sam snorted.
"Okay, but school aside: Why would you want to leave?"
"What exactly is your problem?” Dean turned from the bag he had just cleared to Sam. His demeanor had changed. "You've been in such a crappy mood all day. If you think Garth and a few other people coming over is such a horrible idea, why don't you just say it?”
"Why do you think he’d go and meet other angels and not tell me?" Sam’s voice is filled with doubt now. Wishful thinking then. "Tell us, I mean."
"What are you watching?" Sam asks, nodding at the screen. He starts laughing when he realizes what it is. "Dancing with the Stars? Is this a leftover from when you had your trash TV phase?"
Dean shrugged. "Back to the hotel, I guess." Just as Sam was about to leave, he said: "Listen… About earlier..."
"Now I'm gonna apologize for you."
"I know." Sam sighed. "It’s fine, Cas, I just got worried when I saw her like that."
This Dean doesn't know what to reply to. It's not meant as a straightforward compliment, but it's difficult not to take it as one.
"I saw all of you." Castiel doesn't blink. "I saw your soul and how... how good you were."
It all goes fast from there.
Dean edges forward, towards the swing door, the machete in his firm grip.
"I guess, I just don’t see what’s supposed to be ‘out there’ about the idea of owning a dog. Besides, it always matters what you kind of life you want to live. I have learnt it's best not to be afraid of making changes, even ones that might seem scary at first."
"Yeah. Sure.“
Sam opened his mouth, but Dean raised his hand to stop him.
"It's probably all this pent up sexual tension between us," Dean says. Castiel scans his face for a second too long. "It's a joke," Dean adds, and stuffs his hands in his pockets. "It was just a misunderstanding on her part. Jody just made an honest mistake."
Sam groans and pushes his face deep into the pillow.
"Sammy?"
"No."
When she's asking for his number, slurring all the words, he's already walking away, not even taking a second look at her.
"What?" He asks gruffly, because he can sense her sympathy. Sympathy he's not willing to accept right now.
"It could be someone else driving the car," Akiko says.
"Akiko." She's still smiling, and looks down at her uniform. "I'm posing as police from a neighboring jurisdiction. You don't get any seniority, but fewer people pay you any attention than when you waltz in as FBI."
Everything swirled away, scenes overlapped and faded away completely. When Sam opened his eyes again, he was sitting on his bed in the bunker. Next to him, Charlie was sleeping in her crib. Her little face twitched in her sleep, as if she was dreaming or thinking hard.
"But that’s the point." He sighed and rubbed over his temple. "You can come if you want."
"I did it twice this morning. Once after he woke up from a nightmare and then while he was sleeping again. It's why he's acting so strangely. It was... too much, I think. But I wanted him to-" His voice falters. "I thought it could make it last longer. Give him some more time. I try to hurry but I don't know how long it will take until I’ll be back."
Cas tried to pull the corners of his mouth up. But gravity pulled them down again. How did Charlie manage to hide from people’s loud thoughts?
"No." He thought of the coaching Sam had given him before they’d attended Charlie's performance last week.
"You didn’t exactly choose to die." Dean patted Sam’s back, a sinking feeling in his stomach.
Sam looked at him pleadingly.
Maybe Cas is wrong. Sam might have lost his stupid phone and he's totally fine.
Dean kicks off his shoes and sits down on his bed.
"What do you mean?"
"Look for them," she says. "I will find out more about Aleithia. If she's not dead, we might still have to deal with her and it'd be better to be prepared."
"Any time." She throws a look back at the police squad nestled around a desk watching them. "I'm guessing you're here about the same thing as I am."
