"Someone has to go out there and see what he wants," Anna frowns.
Gabriel hears Dean's voice rise sharply behind him but he ignores it. "Jhudiel?"
"What are you two fighting about now?" Bobby sighs, he sounds fond and exasperated all at the same time.
The words, lyrical and chiming, that Cas speaks against his skin feels like a reward. So Dean breathes out Cas' name again. The hand slides away from his cock, only for fingers to hook around Dean's waist band and tug down the soft cotton.
Gabriel talked to Pru and the baby is still here. Dean swallows hard, "Did he seem upset? Worried?"
"What?"
Anna huffs. "It isn't all wings and longing stares the other way. You were just bad at it, Barach."
"Be silent," Castiel orders. His anger feels like a tangible thing, it threatens to break free from his grasp, and he really understands the human saying of not being able to see straight. He loves Dean, with all his heart, soul, and remaining grace, but part of him wishes such violence on Dean now. "How is treating
A third finger joins the first two, and Dean can do nothing more than try to give Cas more room. The position doesn't allow him much movement, but Cas seems content and Dean's limbs feel heavy from just waking up. "Ah," Dean whispers, eyes closing again, shutting out the world even more.
“Plans for what?” Dean grouses as the baby decides his ear is the most fascinating thing in the world right now. He's mostly finished his burger.
"What happened?" Gabriel demands, voice low and dangerous.
Dean smiles because he can get behind that. But the smiles fades because now he’s got a trio of homeless angels that as soon as some people get wind of... Dean opens his mouth before his brain has a chance to process what he’s saying.
Gabriel turns to him and smiled tiredly, “That’s why they took Elle.”
Gabriel is fairly certain he's missed something rather important. Or someone here is touched in the head.
Gabriel flies low but swiftly, he knows he shouldn’t be passing time since his Father called him, but he likes to watch the rippling changes of the Earth as he moves over it.  He hears laughter first and grins, his Father doesn’t usually have guests and his brothers are always so serious that it’s a refreshing surprise. Then he stops.
“I’d need a table for that,” Dean snarks.
The action is so bare and so human that Sam grins, then laughs, getting a smile in return from the archangel. There's something there in Gabriel's eyes, something soft and just the smallest bit devious. Sam knew if he asked that Gabriel would take him anywhere, all he'd have to do was say the word. It's tempting, it's more than tempting, but... But they can't afford that right now. Gabriel is needed here and Sam well... Sam can at least try to help.
"Courting?" Sam asks, that was really not what he was expecting to get asked. Fucking, sure. Dating, maybe. But courting?
“We don’t wait,” Gabriel says, low and dangerous. “We prepare.”
"Handy," Sam comments, though his gaze is still on the stars. "They seem brighter tonight."
“Usually you distract him. Food, TV. He’s actually pretty simple,” Sam says leaning forward to try and pet Luc’s hair into a semblance of order.
He's not sure when it happens, but he's between Gabriel's legs kissing him like he can draw the grace from him and taste some of it. Sam's cock drags across Gabriel's entrance and the hands Gabriel has on his back and neck tighten. Sam leans in to kiss him again, he swears he tastes something different with each kiss and it's addictive, leaves him craving
"Good, I'd like that," Sam tells him as if Gabriel had agreed. He slides off the car, his fingers brushing against the back of Gabriel's hand. "Night, Gabriel."
"It was a theory," Gabriel turns to Dean. "A theory that maybe Michael wasn't the one behind this. If Barachiel didn't know what was going on then I wasn't sure
Though Dean isn’t quite sure when that’s gonna be. The angel’s small, but they have different growth rates than humans. Their mental stuff comes in sooner than the physical. At least that’s what he recalls, there hasn’t been an angel raised on Earth by humans since Lucifer and everyone knows how that went.
“He didn’t fix the roof!” Gabriel starts complaining about ‘feather headed fledglings’ in Enochian and Sam smiles.
He manages to wriggle out of bed and slide Abe into Cas’ arms without either of them waking up. He decides he’s gonna count it as a victory as he grabs his cane and hobbles out into the living room.
Mendel starts to speak but he holds his hand up again.
There are a hundred answers he could give. A thousand reasons why Gabriel was just too sick to watch it time and time again. Too sick to watch the Morningstar scream obscenities, to see the stony unchanging face of Michael, to see Castiel, his Castiel again with sword and spear. But he’s broken and raw and those stupid humans have jammed their sticky fingers into everything he was trying to protect so all that comes out is,
Cas' voice is low and Dean can feel the hum of his words against his back. Ah, that was it, last he remembered the kid was in bed with them. Two excited angels telling him about stars and comets and having races in the wide cold swathes between them. Elle had fallen asleep on the bed between him and Cas.
"Ah, so it
Dean loves it when Cas gets like this. Like he wants to crawl into Dean's skin and live there, like he wants to
“Gordon and I got sent to investigate that meteor shower along Oregon last week. It turned out to be another bunch of heaven junk that got sent our way. Bits from buildings, a couple of bodies. We salted and burned them and then I found this one tangled up in a tree.”
"What in the bloody hell just happened?" Barachiel says as he sits up.
Abe lets out a string of baby babble that he thinks are perfectly good words. He’s been trying this talking thing for the last week or so. So far he’s mastered ‘Dee’ and “Puh’. Dean shuffles into the kitchen, turning so Abe can’t drag the box of doughnuts off the counter.
"Yeah, well, why not?" Sam is backing up in a circle as Lucifer casually steps up to him. He needs to wake up. He needs to wake up right now.
"Clever boy," Gabriel leans down and licks water from Sam's neck and shoulder. "Another time I would take you out there." The rolls of his hips leaves no doubts of what Gabriel means.
"I tried asking the others this morning. Anyone who I thought would..."
“Gabriel is my brother, and whether or not it’s official, you are his mate,” Castiel tucks a lock of hair behind Sam’s ear and he tries to not smile because the other angel is
It’s dark in the bedroom, save for the moonlight. Dean blinks, his mouth is dry but he can’t remember for the life of him what he was dreaming. Next to the bed in the playpen, he hears Abdiel whimper.
snuggled against his chest.
"I do not think it would be much of a fight," Cas confesses and leans against Dean, a warm and reassuring weight.
"He took Elle upstairs to your brother, he hasn't been flying for the joy of it in a long time. He's... happy." Gabriel breathes the last word.
Heaven and hell break loose and the Winchesters can no longer hide.
"No," Castiel says more sharply than he intends. "You have no idea what I would do to keep this. To keep you and our child safe, Dean. I will not lose either of you."
Castiel does the only thing he can, he
The skinned spot burns for a moment then throbs dully.
She repeats the word back, her brow wrinkling slightly. She points at him. "Not Father, but daddy?" she asks.
"Well? Did you find their little haven?" Jhudiel asks, making it sound like he's asking about a whorehouse he wishes to burn down.
Sam shrugs. "Well, I did sleep with a demon," the side of his mouth curves up slightly, and he drags his fingers idly down Gabriel's spine.
Dean wakes up to the sounds of dinner being made and of squealing. He shoves his head under his pillow, it's excited squealing so he's not worried but really, if she's that excited she's going to shift and... There's a low chiming noise and he hears Sam yell and then Bobby starts yelling at Sam... Dean grins. Sometimes his brother is an idiot. He dozes for a a few minutes until he picks up footsteps on the edge of his hearing and a cool hand slides over his lower back.
It’s dusk and Sam is sleepy. Gabriel keeps scratching his fingers through hair on the nape of Sam’s neck while his dad explains the human school system to him. Cas has slipped off to the library with Bobby despite Dean insisting that no one was working today. His brother and Jo are in the kitchen, washing all the cake off of Abe while Ellen laughs and takes pictures. Luc is folded up against Sam’s legs playing with the e-reader that ‘Grandpa John’ had given him. Sam opens his eyes when Luc pokes him, “Dad, I can’t get it to connect to the wifi.”
Sam knew this was going to catch up to Luc sooner or later. At least it wasn’t an official bounty, that could have brought all kinds of trouble. If Dad hadn’t...
She pulls out of his grasp and makes herself comfortable in the tight space between him and Dean, talking brightly to her lion and now, her bear. After a moment Castiel frowns and Dean tugs on his shirt.
A moment passes while Sam fidgets and then Gabriel steps across the wards and hauls Barachiel to his feet. "Come on, get up."
After long deliberation he gets his cell phone and takes a picture, as clearly as he can and sends it to Sam with the short message of,
"Orders change."
"Neither you or Dean are idjits, despite you both acting it some days," he shakes his head. "And if you two don't stop twisting yourself up in knots over what's done and buried, it's going to get you both killed."
“Are we gonna talk about it?” Dean says which is ugh, he’s turning into his brother.
“They are a pair of conflicted idiots,” Gabriel hums as he steals Sam’s coffee.
Dean's breath catches in his throat. It's Cas.
Maybe they
"Dude, breathe," Sam says, without thinking, because he's out of breath just listening to the guy. Then it dawns on him, he just told an angel -- wait an
Emily giggles, it's a bit hysterical but... But she's not dead. She doesn't know where her glasses are or where everyone else is but...
“Yeah, I know we usually do that voicemail thing but I figure I’ll have some questions and well... fuck it.”
But Barachiel just shakes his head. " No, don't care, I'm not fucking kidding. I'm not going out there."
Original A/N's posted March 25 2010:
Bobby's eyes widen and Sam sucks in a breath.
and... All of a sudden the pieces fall into place. She marked him, she should have been able to heal him, she'd gone and... He'd though it was a fling, something to pass the time or prove she was more cunning, smarter. Something stupid, something silly. Now... Anna couldn't help her
Cas is silent for a moment, cradling Elle to his chest and leaning slightly into Dean's hand. "Has the girl awakened?"
They're all eating, or attempting to eat. Even the baby had munched down on a fry, and Cas had cautiously tried one.
Dean remembers how Dad was after Mom died. He remembers how much he hated it. How much it affected the whole family.
do this.
Then it his Sam. Luc’s never communed before. He’s never had anyone... The one solid way an angelic flock communicates and he’s never... Sam swallows down the grief, the anger and he smiles.
"I don't think Lucifer is dead. We would have known," Gabriel says softly, he breathes out noisily through his nose. Sam edges closer again and Castiel has to look away. "Zachariah doesn't have the power, even if he has demons following him now. The only one that could do anything permanent is Michael and Dean sure as hell didn't say yes to him."
- Carl Sagan
They’re in the car. Dean’s in the driver's seat, keys in hand. Sam’s next to him with Ruby's knife and the Colt between them on the seat. Castiel is in the back, still holding the baby.
Sam inhales, hesitates, then obeys. Gabriel slides the fruit past Sam's lips. It's sweet and Sam bites down chews, then takes another bite, until all that's left his Gabriel's finger tips resting against his lips.
Hands come up to slide over his face, fingertips along his cheeks, wiping away tears and the words, “Why? You’ve done nothing wrong,” echo in the dark.
“What if Sam doesn’t say yes?” Dean asks because its Sam. Sam would never...
“Tell me,” Sam leans forward and Gabe grins.
Gabriel lets her stagger off, back into the barn to find more couples and more drink. If she'd been following the rules then...
"Yeah, I should sleep." Dean fumbles, trying to not look at Cas or at Bobby who's frowning something fierce.
Something like rage washes over Dean. It's cold, ice gripping his chest, and without thinking he puts himself between the crib and Sam. "You didn't. I swear, Sam, tell me you didn't. Tell me after
"Been in London the last hundred years or so. After the first decade you find yourself goin’ a bit native,” he turns back to Gabriel and frowns, “So why are them buggers tryin’ to kill Castiel?"
Dean waits until Gabriel is out on the porch puttering around again with his bits of wood to go bother Cas.
! You're never serious! About anything! Ever!"
They've locked her in a room with a demon which is pretty much the best reason for hysterical panic but she's got the baby to think about and so far the demon hasn't well... done anything to her.
“Several hundred,” Remiel replies. “And there is a large number that went into hiding. They follow Crowley.”
"Is there a reason we're all on the porch?"
Sam shudders. "I didn't tell him anything!" His voice raises to almost a shout. "I didn't tell him a damn thing! He just -- knew -- maybe it was because Gabriel pulled me out so he just looked for him. Or maybe he's known where we are the whole damn time! I don't know!"
"Oi, I shouldn't have to knock. There should've been nothing for me to interrupt," Barachiel snaps back.
He hears Emily gasp against him as the angels tear out of the sky, and he breathes, "Bloody hell."
Gabriel is tense for a long moment before he nods. "I'll ask her."
He has still not told Dean who let Sam out of the panic room almost a year ago.
Raven grins suddenly and Gabriel swallows, he knows that grin. Hell, he's pretty sure he learned that grin from her. "So does anyone know you went and got married?"
Elle murmured something in that airy sort of speech that Castiel had been talking to her in and Sam blinked; looking down before squinting at the horizon.
Gabriel is once again ignored in favor of Castiel. Remiel is waiting, politely for something. For Castiel. Gabriel hates this, hates figuring out what rules the crazy bastard is operating under. Remiel is all logic and calculated numbers. He could be brutally efficient if he needed to be and he had a twisted sense of humor.
It's love and fear and promises. Promises that Gabriel was not going to break.
"Robert, obviously." Castiel said, opening the highchair as he'd seen Barachiel do, slipping Elle inside. She held out her hands for her lion which he removes from his pocket and hands to her. She had decided after some deliberation to leave Sir Bear Bear with Dean, for protective reasons.
Sam had turned the water off and made his way out of the kitchen and into the living room.
Sam swallows and kisses Elle's head. "Sound's good to me. What do you think Elle? Want to try some waffles this morning?"
Cas' mouth drags across Dean's throat, slow, wet, and gentle. Dean's head falls back, and he lets himself make hushed little sounds of pleasure and contentment. Cas' fingers stroke along his sides, then across his stomach, then up over his chest. Slow and easy, not quite teasing, but nothing urgent.
Castiel knows how she feels.
Anna shakes her head. "No, he just said that you and the Winchesters needed assistance. Though I was hesitant after my last encounter with Castiel." She scowls. "Your fledgling sold me out to Zachariah. I'm still not happy about that. And that re-education program Zachariah is running... who thought letting him have any power was a good idea? And don't say
he's going to come before they even get started. "This isn't just... you know this is more than sex. I don't think I can make this just sex. This is
Dean also was sort of lying when he said he hadn’t organized it in a while. Dean had opened the door once before he’d chuckled and never opened it again.
"You didn't even
Castiel blinks. "I'm not sure I understand the reference," he tells Dean, a bit perplexed by the shift in Dean's body language. "Robert asked me to give it to you."
Castiel smiles, and has to kiss Dean again because this hopeful joy needs some outlet.
pass by without a change in status."
“Luc?” He hisses and freezes when he hears movement.
started showing up," Bobby slaps Sam on the shoulder and squeezes it as he passes by on his way out, closing the door behind him. Dean almost resents it.
“He needs help,” Sam blurts as Castiel gasps and the kitchen becomes a whirlwind of towels and bandages.
"Waffles with strawberries," Elle declares.
Sam rolls his shoulder and decides, for once, to be honest with himself. "I'm not sure I can."
"You could put them in the panic room," Dean says from behind him.
Dean rests a hand over her back. "Go back to sleep, baby girl," he whispers.
Something in the basket whimpers.
“You killed him,” Dean grouses, dragging the box.
Castiel leans across the small gap and brushes his lips against Dean's. "Thank you."
"Come upstairs," Sam says, leaning into the touch.
Bobby sighs again and sits down on the porch next to Sam. "Boy, I've known you and your brother since Dean still thought Santa was real and didn't think he'd eat him."
Dean swallows, because those blue eyes are looking right at him. He doesn’t know what Cas is talking about, continue what? Talking? Working on the library?
"Barachiel, did you fill Anna in on the situation?" Gabriel asks when Sam is gone.
“Only about six hundred angels,” Remiel adds.
Dean is in no way going to pout because Abe’s family came and got him, that was just one less thing Dean had to worry about. It was a blessing really.
Crowley can almost hear her blink as a smile tugs at her mouth. "Crowley, love, where do you think we are?" It's almost a tease.
"He's cute, Remiel. I like him. It's been awhile, hasn't it?" Her voice drips with mock kindness.
"He's not going to just leave," Gabriel frowns, he has a headache and he just wants to snap his fingers and not be here. If he could just be anywhere but here.
Dean gestures with his fork in a fashion that means nothing to Castiel. "Ha-Ha. Sam needs to watch his girlish figure anyways."
Gabriel curses, "You're right. They're using the dead as vessels. It shouldn't be too hard to knock them out of them."
Anna smiles and shakes her head. "You can see it because Gabriel trusts you and you can hold it because you trust him."
down there, Michael.
"Cross my heart," Anna says.
“They’ll work it out, I have faith in Cas’ stubbornness.”
A smile appears on Dean's face as he sits up fully, careful not to jostle Elle. "Sir Bear Bear Fuzzybuttons! Where'd you find him?" Then Dean looks almost... embarrassed. "Can we pretend I didn't just go all Rainbow Brite there for a minute?"
Dean runs his hand over his face, “Angels find the flesh of animals repulsive and sickening. Anything that was once alive is off the menu.”
Sam hips jerk upwards and his hands fly to Gabriel's waist. He's straining against the zipper of his jeans. Thunder rolls in the distance and the air seems to grow more humid by the second. He leans back, taking his hands from Gabriel's skin. Sam hooks his fingers under his t-shirt and drags it off, throwing it to the side. Then he presses back close, the bare skin of his chest to Gabriel's.
"All but one."
"I'll bet," Sam says with a frown.
Dean's rewarded with another slow smile this time pressed against his shoulder. He moves his arm back, the angle awkward, but he finds Cas' skin, the side of his face. Cas kisses his finger tips, kisses the palm of his hand. "Manus illius tornatiles aureae plenae hyacinthis venter eius eburneus distinctus sapphyris."
But it doesn't happen. Elle starts crying in her crib, a scared plaintive wail.
"You got there, brother," Barachiel says in their own tongue. "And he can fuck right off, thinking he has the right to judge Castiel's fledgling. Jumped up little wanker. What does he think he's playin' at?"
. He doesn’t stop until Michael pushes him into sleep. Sam. What? Sam?
Castiel turns and Dean realizes just how up in the angels personal space he’d gotten. “Do you honestly believe you’re the first person to have tried?”
"Speak," he tells the angel... he should know this angel's name. Another troubling thing.
“Oh no, no way am I going to tell Bobby I have a magical angel love baby,” Dean stands and starts pacing. Sam’s sure his brother hasn’t noticed that he’s doing it.
Anna leans back, looking up at the sky. "After that, it's just pretty much what Dean and Castiel have. A trust and a bond."
Gabriel winces as Sam's head snaps up to look at a raven that is perched in one of the shattered side windows of the van and making decidedly un-birdlike noises, like the wolf whistle she makes after she tilts her head and looks Sam up and down.
“She’s just bored,” Dean explains, “Damn, we should have gotten her some toys or something.”
Barachiel snorts. "Not bleeding likely. You remember the last time you saw Michael?"
"No one likes Zachariah," Gabriel growls, his wings flicking into the physical plane for a moment. "It shows she has good sense."
Barachiel blinks at Sam and for a second he thinks he might get smote but Gabriel is right there next to him.
When he gets back Jo is giggling and the baby is laying limp on the couch.
Dean moves his arm and lifts his head. "Cas," there's something bitter and sharp edged about Dean's tone. It cuts at Castiel, and makes his grace clench in his chest... or maybe that's his heart. "I really don't want to talk to you for awhile."
“And one of them pulled some feathers out. I didn’t expect it and my wings snapped out. He fell back into all the storage crates and there was a crash, then the other one started screaming at me.”
Gabriel balks only for a moment as the little thing is passed to him and it makes a noise that’s sort of like chiming bells as he wraps his arms around it.
- Anatole France (from The Revolt of the Angels)
His mate. Gabriel mated... There’s a ripple of jealousy. Gabriel always did like to lay his sticky fingers all over everything that wasn’t his. But besides him Michael sighs and Lucifer’s eyes stray to the edges of the dark tattoos that hide under the sleeves of his shirt. Michael bound him in this vessel. He couldn’t possess the human even if the creature begged him to. Sam Winchester means nothing to him anymore. No. His eyes stray to Gabriel. Not nothing.
Six months later they’re having a get together, because that’s what families do. They had to put it off for a little bit because of werewolves and schedules and the usual sort of stuff. Plus Cas went into heat, so the house was sort of off limits for other people for a while. That had been an awkward, ‘You need to come get me and Abe.’ phone call from Luc. Gabriel is still making a new set of dining room furniture.
Before Sam can register what's going on Gabriel has his hand behind his neck, sliding across his mark, and pulls him down to kiss him.
Anna slips through the gate and the wards, strengthening each ward behind her as she passes through. She unfurls her wings. No more time to think, she needs to go now. She needs to not think that he could already be dead...
know anything. Which is such a pity for you, really," the angel is turning his head this way and that, detached and curious.
"Not really, but I had to try," Gabriel sighs. "Look, Lucifer's gone. Something's happened. The problem is another angel, one called Zachariah, who's controlling most of the show now. I think... I think he might just pick up where Lucifer left off. He'll destroy everything. Humans, angels, Gods, all in the name of some prophecy that was written ages ago."
“Did they tell you what they wanted?”
Something angelic pricks at the back of Gabriel's mind. He'd been sitting on the floor pretending to read, listening to Sam turn the pages of his book behind him. Sam's still so tired and Gabriel wonders how much sleep the boy has lost in fear of Lucifer paying a visit.
It's official now. He's married an angel, he's got a magical love baby, and everything he thought he had to worry about just got fucked in eighteen random directions.
Dean. As if he didn't already.
"Not all demigod's are like the ones you have faced. Some are like the one that gave her to us. They will not turn away a mortal seeking to protect his child, especially a female child. I..." Cas voice breaks slightly. "I do not wish to speak of this now. Let it keep until later. Please."
He jumps over the bed right when the door crushes in on itself and crumbles to the ground.
. He wants Gabriel just as desperate, just as wrecked as Sam already is and will be. A second finger pushes inside next to the first, and Gabriel's moan rattles the windows of the van. Outside the thunder rolls, so loud it's almost like the storm is holding itself above the scrapyard. The rain sounds like nails hitting the roof.
ago. I'm sorry Dean. I thought I was handling it."
that won't fuck him. Normally he wouldn't care about such things, but one of the girls worked at her mother's diner and made the best chocolate pie in the state. Chocolate pie which she hadn't made for the last week because she was so upset.
"Elle," Sam says under his breath. It has to be. Even he can feel it when she shifts so God only knows what it must look like to the angels. Crap. That had to be how Zachariah found them.
"Okay," Sam looks up as Gabriel starts talking, "Here's the deal. We can't teleport out of here. So we're stuck until we figure out what the hell is going on. Good chance is that they're holding sigils that are keeping us in. A worse theory is that they're using our own wards against us. Which means we can't get out unless we give them a way in, otherwise known as the world's shittiest siege."
Dean hears Bobby sit down heavily in one of the kitchen chairs and quietly, he carries Elle back up stairs. Bobby doesn't need to know he heard any of that, and if he does know they can keep the illusion that no one did.
"Cas, c'mon," Dean tells him. There's something too hushed, too reverent about the way Cas is speaking. It feels like praise Dean isn't sure he deserves.
The truth burns his throat and he curls away from Castiel, hiding his face against the floor, and jamming his hands into his pockets. He hears the barest of noises and lets out a breath when Castiel wraps his arms around him, pulling him from the rough and wet and just holding him, just letting him
"Hey Bobby," Sam calls, "Uhm, sorry we didn't call. We sort of didn't have time."
“Well,” Gabriel concedes, “There are a rather
“Off?” The storm hums and scoops the tiny laughing shape into itself, “No, no Gabriel it is not a message. I need you to train a fledgling. This fledgling.”
"Sam, you idiot," Gabriel sounds resigned, tired. "What did you think you were doing?"
Had his Father, wherever he was, wanted this? All Gabriel can recall is the storm pushing Castiel into his arms.
He pulls out a rather shiny figurine of a golden lion.
He lays in the dirt, blinking, because it can't be true. Amon couldn't have known about... Zachariah would have though, or Jhudiel. His vision blurs and his face throbs where the blade touched him. He's exposed, vulnerable, and worst of all, falling for his own tricks. Remiel scrambles to his feet, dragging his blade with him. He sways and his breathing sounds so loud in the quiet, but he can't stop gasping and... his hand trembles as he raises it to his cheek, his blood burns when it touches his fingertips. Amon was right, he wasn't going to kill him. He wasn't going to even get the chance.
“His mate,” Dean says and his eyes burn as Lucifer realizes that he said that out loud. “My brother.
That wasn't something Gabriel could forget. The shadows of fiery wings dragging on the ground as the spear dropped out of Michael's hand. There was rejoicing everywhere but where Lucifer had been sealed. Gabriel thought that he saw Michael weeping, but it could have been anything, the air was so thick with smoke and blood.
"Pagan gods," Dean mutters. "I don't think they'd be too happy to help someone that's taken out some of their kind."
Castiel moves over to Dean. "Dean," he says softly, placing his hand on Elle's back. "I believe Barachiel when he says he does not mean us harm. He has not been fully aware of what has been occurring."
"--and don't you dare make me the bad guy here because I'm being realistic!" Dean yells, fists clenched at his side. "Stuff like this doesn't happen, not with out consequences. Not without people getting hurt. I'm trying to protect us here --"
"No."
"Okay, long ass time ago before cable and indoor plumbing there was a girl called Eala that Rem and I... Well, we liked her. Dallied with her when we shouldn't have. Left our marks on her when we shouldn't have and it was all very silly and idyllic until Dad got properly angry at the humans and decided to flood the place. He didn't exactly let us save our favorites. She died, Rem fell, I fucking forgot about it." Barachiel hisses the last sentence.
. Dean wasn’t going get in the middle of anything nerdy after living with Sam for so long, so he pretty much just let the angel go.
Dean thinks he chokes out a 'good job' before she falls to her knees next to him, babbling.
brother, Harvey. Yes, Sammy," Gabriel grouses.
Gabriel's mouth is just as slick, but Sam sees with a sense of disappointment that his mouth isn't bruised or even red. God, he wants to leave some sort of mark to show he's been there. "Gabriel," Sam breathes, his fingers still pressed against Gabriel's spine. He presses back, arches into Sam's fingers, moving his back like Sam wants to move his hips.
Anna spares him the briefest of glares. "Crowley." It's all she gives him before she launches herself skyward.
"Yeah," Dean agrees as Cas' fingers slip just under the waist of his sleep pants. "Sammy'll take good care of her."
The baby is crying again, clearly terrified. Tears stream down her face and her nose is in desperate need of wiping. Dean kisses her forehead, face twisted in anger, fear, and desperation, and for a brief moment Sam sees another Winchester holding another crying, frightened baby.
"'As merciless as the waters of the Flood', isn't that the saying?" Amon purrs, smug smile evident in the tone of his vessel's voice.
"I'd 'ave let meself in but I thought tha' would be impolite."
"If Barachiel was a danger do you think Elle would be so calm?" Cas asks, detaching Elle's hand from his tie as he speaks.
He’s in the middle of a decision between running for the panic room or trying to fight with whatever the hell he has on hand and wondering why the hell the wards were doing
Gabriel's lesson might be over but Dean's and Castiel's is just beginning
Dean can’t help it. It’s really not what Cas says but how he says it that gets Dean laughing. He’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t know what sarcasm is yet but he sure as hell has the tone for it. He’s laughing so hard he doesn’t see Cas’ expression soften as he shifts Abdiel in his arms.
“Dude, that won’t make anyone happy.”
The kitchen falls impossibly still. Gabriel just watches him, eyes distant and unreadable as his expression.
"Gabriel was my guardian. Our Father bade him to look after me until I could do so myself."
Remiel wants to tell him that he doesn't want to play anything anymore. He just wants. He lets Barachiel walk away grumbling as he makes his way through the wards and into the house. Remiel can sense him in the kitchen, sulking and probably eating all of the humans food. Safe.
"Dammit, Cas, no. Would you just --" Dean raises a hand. "Dammit will you let me talk!?"
Gabriel grins, "Prudence! I know her. Nice gal, I've partied with her a few times. She can do this thing with her tongues you wouldn’t believe…"
Gabriel raises his eyebrow, then pins Dean with a hard look. Dean swallows, and wraps his good hand around Cas' wrist. "We need to finish talking," he declares. "Don't let us starve you, Sammy, and I expect you to keep a eye on him," Dean says pointing at Gabriel.
Their Father disappears.
It's a nice day and if Sam just looked at the landscape and eased back against the house he could almost imagine that his brother and an angel weren't having a shouting match loud enough to bring the walls down behind him. Bobby had long since tuned them out and was working on a doze in his chair while the baby, Elle, sat in Sam's lap and seemed content with her bottle. This was well... pretty much as good as it got.
"That's a kill order!" Anna yells and Crowley is dragging her behind him as Bobby stumbles to his feet and they're all trying to gather up Dean. Trying to get somewhere safe.
It's... comforting in a way it probably shouldn't be. And Sam finds himself wishing that Gabriel was sitting near him like they had on the couch. Which is silly and stupid and not the thing he should be thinking about after what happened with Dean. He knew Dean would be angry. He knew this last lie might be what broke the camels back, but he'd thought...
They can’t get Castiel off Gabriel for a minute, the other angel shrieking when Michael tries to move him. But then Dean is there and Lucifer balks for a moment at how easily the human lifts and gathers Castiel to him. How easily Castiel allows it.
"And you wish to avoid him?" Castiel asked, pondering the working of the highchair that Gabriel had conjured.
“Dean Winchester! You get your ass out of bed right now!”
"Get away from him, Jhudiel!" Her voice shakes despite best efforts. Jhudiel, why did it have to be Jhudiel? And her mark... her mark is...
"You want to start at the beginning maybe?" Robert shoots him a stern look as Barachiel glances at Remiel, curled in on himself by the couch. He'd thought that demon had been fucking with Rem, he'd hoped, because demons lied. That's what they did. He didn't think that the truth could be so much worse.
Sam grins, and sits down on Gabriel's right. "Beer?" he asks, holding out one of the bottles he's holding. "You missed dinner so I brought you some out. Nothing fancy, just chili, no beans."
"Yes," Sam nods. "Your lion is having a bath. You had a bath and you lived. He is going to be fine."
When he comes back to himself, he's still lying on Gabriel. He feels... wrecked, drained, but it's good and he's smiling before he opens his eyes. The rain is a soft pitter-patter on the metal roof now. Gabriel's fingers are in his hair, tracing patterns across his back. He tenses slightly when he realizes Sam's awake.
So Jo laughs at him for a half hour and they’d managed to make pancakes without an abundance of tears. Then she’d taken off, heading out to make more deliveries, a lifeline to the the more isolated Hubs.
The next moment happens so fast it blurs. Dean sees Bobby come out of the kitchen holding a shotgun, bloody and missing his hat. Just as the angel grabs Emily and tosses her away like a rag doll. Bobby shouts and the gun goes off. Before Dean knows it the angel is on Bobby and Dean is scrambling to find Cas' sword or Death's blade or
It hadn't been magnificent at all. It had been terrible... It had been misery... He'd lost so much... Remiel gasps and dives backwards before it's almost too late. He can
That's fair. He'd been hiding out there when he wasn't on the roof and the barns actually quite nice. Barachiel nods and scoops up Remiel, who's a heavy bastard when he's out, and they're almost through the living room and out to the barn when, of course, Rem decides he's gonna wake up again and start babbling about
“You were gone,” the angel breathes like he’s just seen a ghost, “You left! You have no more right over…”
He scoots over, makes room for Cas to sit down and he knows Cas can feel everything he’s got going on in his head because he’s not hiding anything.
, Cas moves his fingers. Drags them slowly out, then pushes them even more slowly back in. He spreads them apart inside Dean's body, stretching Dean far more than he needs.
Gabriel hums pleased Sam noticed. "Some of them are. I suspect they're very interested in what's going on here."
“That kid drive you crazy yet?” Is the first thing he’s asked and Dean grins.
Gabriel unfurls his wings and shoots off to where Castiel is without hesitation - no sigils and signs and hex bags in the world could hide his fledgling from him. It's another one of the horrid little motels the Winchesters seem to have a sad addiction to, and Gabriel takes some comfort in that. He isn't landing in the middle of a battle with all parties being varying degrees of alive. Gabriel enters the motel room expecting to find Dean or Sam injured. He expects blood. He even expects it to be bad.
!" a female voice snaps.
"Perfect, of course," Gabriel says as if it's offensive to assume otherwise. He picks one up and spins off the stem. "Want one?"
Sam grins and nods before his eyes flicker to Gabriel. "Cas?"
Sam wants this. What Dean has.
Now that's new. That shoulder rolling kicked puppy look. He didn't think Barachiel was capable of regret or despair, perhaps he learned it somewhere. Perhaps Remiel taught it to him without knowing. But he isn't here to look into mirrors that he thought he'd broken, or to find new pathways across bridges that have been burnt. Lucifer will not be pleased with him if he... His fingers brush across Barachiel's wrist when the angel turns to go back to the house. He knows he didn't hurt Barachiel, not physically. But that isn't what prodded awake this seed of guilt. Barachiel stops and for a moment it's just that point of contact, three fingers and stolen breaths.
Dean wakes up to the sound of laughter coming from downstairs. He frowns when he sees that the bed and crib are empty. Figures. Now he's stuck with two earlier risers. He's pulled himself into a pair of jeans and a henley, and he's putting on his boots when the laughter downstairs rises and then he can hear Elle's happy squeal. He smiles, and he's halfway down the hall when Barachiel's voice echoes up,
Anna looks up, eyes wild. She's barely keeping herself constrained to her human form.
Gabriel hurts whenever they see him. Sam thinks Luc feels it, and that’s part of why he’s so resistant to him. Of course Sam knows the other half of it was how he was raised.
Castiel frowns, feeling as if he's missing information. He will not pry into this unless it's needed, though Samuel could do worse than have Gabriel's attentions on him. "They do not trust you because of your actions towards them before, but both he and Dean would appreciate your help."
Sam...Sam isn't sure about this, but he trusts Gabriel. He trusts Gabriel not to endanger Elle or Cas, because Sam's seen him with them. Sam knows Gabriel loves them. "I, uhm, think I should go give Cas and Dean the heads up." He looks over at Barachiel. "I apologize in advance if my brother tries to kill you. He's kinda protective of his kid."
Apparently change means Gabriel stops talking to him.
the other day! Gabriel saved them! Gabriel's back! Did you even notice that he left?"
"No, leave her alone," he rasps.
Gabriel chuckles before his mind full catches up, because what are they, school children?
For one moment, suspended in time, Gabriel is shocked. His eyes wide and surprised, before he dissolves into laughter. "Oh, I like you." He laughs, leaving the kitchen, stopping to pat Bobby on the shoulder twice. "I like you a lot."
The Hunter community flipped their shit until they figured out that no one could make the angels do anything they didn’t want to and these were the first that were sort of on their side.
Elle.
as kids. A half-angel baby might be a piece of cake for him after them. "Bobby might be able to help us keep her in human form and we’ll draw less attention…”
They stay like that for as long as they can, until the threat of Barachiel coming in or Bobby getting back up starts to loom in the back of Sam's mind. Gabriel makes a noise when Sam starts to pull back and Sam feels the smile on the archangels lips.
"Or a bit more," Barachiel interjects quickly, ignoring the glare from his sister.
"It wasn't true. Just because I had grown did not mean..." Castiel very much does not like this feeling. The hollow echo of doubt and loss. The dark sinking truth of when he realized that Gabriel was simply never coming home.
Dean frowns because he knows this for the set up it is.
Anna stands open-mouthed for a few moments. "The new fledgling?" she echos back. There's a flash of horror in her eyes. "Gabriel, please tell me that..."
He doesn't want to think about what that means as he pulls his hand back. "I never thought I'd be a uncle," he says quietly.
"Not it," Barachiel says before she's even done with her sentence.
“Really?” Dean frowns, “I thought he smelled like gunpowder but he’d been in the car with dad all day.”
"She had sex with Dean?" Gabriel asks, because okay that was new information. "She had sex with her brother's... and Dean, what decided to see how many angels he could bang?"
"Had himself his own little... cult... orgy... whatever you want to call it. Drugged up to his eyeballs, fucking anything that moved, and drinking anything with an alcohol content." Dean blinks rapidly, and somehow saying it now, remembering it now, hurts more than seeing it. "And the idiot still loved me. Was still willing to die by my word."
Sam shakes his head resolutely. "How many kids do you have? Grown or not."
"Hey, it's okay. I understand needing to just talk," he does, and he's glad she trusts him, tainted blood and all. "Does everyone else know about Lucifer and the pagan gods?"
The face Remiel makes only hints at the barest sign of discomfort or embarrassment, if he hadn't had years of watching Cas he'd never have caught it. But Remiel's fingers reach out and click the watch closed despite the grumbling noise that Elle makes.
"We fly soon?" Elle's eyes are focusing on the pendant.
The baby squeals and tugs on Cas again before going after his tie and jerking him forward. The look of surprise on Castiel’s face is priceless.
"Is he healing?" Gabriel asks as he stands, holding a hand out for Castiel. They're both bloody so Castiel accepts it, standing as Barachiel traces symbols of healing around the wound on Remiel's shoulder.
He digs his fingers in slightly without meaning to, and Gabriel growls against his mouth. So Sam does it again, kissing the angel fiercely, teeth scraping against his. It's messy and rough and Sam's mouth feels slick and wrecked by the time they pull apart.
, and I know him," Gabriel says, his voice sharp edged. Glass rattles and Elle looks up, suddenly quiet and still. Gabriel soothes her with a hand over her hair. Sam strokes a finger over the back of her tiny hand and she curls her fingers around it.
"Is that thing really gold?" He asks.
He’s shouting for Michael before he even registers that he’s doing so. Rushing from the doorway and across the porch. Castiel’s head snaps up when he gets too close and there’s a moment of fear in his eyes before it turns to confusion as Michael appears in the doorway with a gasp.
“You didn’t need me anymore.”
"I'm the only one that puts up with you for more than a week," Raven says cheerfully as Sam opens the van door again, only now he's wearing clothes. Gabriel is simultaneously pleased and disappointed.
if that was too much?"
Dean takes Elle from Cas' arms. "I'll go with her," he says in a tone that broaches no argument. Well, it would if you weren't Gabriel. "Be careful Cas."
"He won't hear you." Amon grins. "Neither will any other of the fallen."
"Raven," Gabriel pleads. He's known her for ages. Long enough for her to laugh in his face at the angel thing. Hopefully long enough for her to know when he's telling the truth. Though she has a point, he hasn't come out and said anything like this since... Well, since he was still the messenger.
Percy nodded and shook his hand next, three firm pumps. “I’ll see you two later. Feel free to ask if you need anything.” He inclined his head toward Dean respectfully.
He felt a bit guilty considering he forgot about her for most of the night, but it was a pretty slick line. No girl really wanted to hear a guy was having such a great time with his friends that he kinda forgot he was dating anyone.
“Shut up.”
A part of Dean was fighting this, but it wasn’t the most insistent or strong-willed part. He was too busy making noises comparable to Cas eating a burger, deep moans as a thigh slid between his and pressed just right.
She bit into her sandwich, enjoying the crisp lettuce, flavorful tomatoes, and thinly sliced meat. It had great food. The cafeteria did too, but this place also had the whole ‘not work’ aspect to recommend it. It was always jam-packed with hospital staff looking to escape for a bit.
Okay, something was wrong and he was not sober enough to figure any of this out. It was like he was missing something and without it nothing made sense.
“Oh, you’re gonna be a lot of fun.” He stabbed the same spot again, and again, making a mess of the skin until blood flecked his own arms and chest. He could taste the coppery drops when licking his own lips.
“Hi Pastor!” Charlie’s happy beam could be practically heard through the phone. “I’ve got a wonderful lady by the name of Edith who has lots of tools and is offering us them. Can you pick ‘em up?”
“It’s not the first time,” Cas paused to suck in a breath at the intrusion of two, “that I’ve been tortured.”
“Hi Pastor! I’m so glad it went well at Edith’s, I hope she shows up Sunday.”
Sam snorted. “So I sent the money and the address you’re meeting the church coordinator, Charlie.”
Cas blinked, somewhere between embarrassed and intrigued. Clearly he needed the advice if the thought was practically making him blush. It was too bad he wasn’t chasing a more aware person, because naivety like that should be coaxed out slowly.
wasn’t going to be absent from his life. Dean was
It was minutes of soft slurps and continual glimpses of his tongue curling against his upper lip or swiping the bottom of the burger. Maybe Sam was covertly watching and Dean didn’t notice. Cause he was wrong wrong wrong about Cas being so prim he couldn't get lost in pleasure. Holy fuck.
“Fuck! Sam isn’t dating Cas,
“Do some legwork then.” Sam did start to sound exasperated. “We’ve had all of two cases where the missing person just plops in our lap. Stop acting like such an amateur.”
“Of course it does! You know,” she gave Dean a big eyed look. “I attend Mass too. Do you think six-thirty would be fine?”
“But he’s sleazy. Sam deserves better than that.”
Dean still his tongue moving in a swallow. He quirked an eyebrow in confusion and snorted. “What are you even talking about?”
At first the man didn’t turn.
Grasping for thoughts, he heard the crinkle of paper as he lifted a knee to get more comfortable. “Oh right, I brought those receipts. If you’ve changed your mind, that’s fine.” He dug in his pocket and pulled out the miserable wrinkled bits of paper and offered them up.
Castiel licked his very dry lips, heart pounding with fear and other darker things. “Why did you commit murder?”
Sam did not say ‘I told you so’, though his eyes hinted at it, before clicking. “Oh, that’s from JJ Burgers!” He pointed at the burger filling up a white plate. “It’s a four pound burger, if you eat it all, it’s free. The football team goes there after games and wrecks the place.”
It was almost like working with Sam, he could be the idea man and she brought it to life.
“Phrasing?”
Benny did linger after he handed over the paper. “Hey um, I don’t suppose she mentioned my history, did she?”
Geez, the guy was like perfect. Worked on cars, ate big burgers like a champ, wanted to help little kids. Dean was almost jealous of Sam, but hey, if anyone deserved to find a good person…
“Well, this is Kansas. We grow wheat, corn and beans.”
“I know your kind,” he said slowly, considering his words. “You put up a good front, son. But I know.”
Cas shot him another narrow look before closing his eyes, lips tight.
“Please,” Novak started, “send any expenses accrued to St. Michael’s. This was my mistake. I would go along, but I must begin Daily Mass soon.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Have you seriously been in love with her since high school? That’s dedication.”
“Hello, sorry.” A tall woman with short hair took the seat next to them, one hand landing on the poison-green purse. Her nails were bright red. “I had to take a phone call after going to the potty.” She had a lot of teeth in her smile.
Dean choked a bit. Not because he had no idea people thought that, everybody thought that. Still strange to be asked it straight-out, no pun intended. “I do have an eye for the, uh, men, yes.”
Dean had both his hands twisted in the other man’s shirt, keeping his close as his head turned to the other side to get deeper. To suck his tongue in until Cas was groaning too. If this continued, he was going to spill in his jeans like a teen grinding in the backseat of his father’s car.
“So, how’re the boyfriends?”
“It is Castiel. If it makes you comfortable…” That wasn’t the first thing he’d remember in hindsight, but it wasn’t the last either.
“What the heck is that?”
“Fuck you, Sam. I’ve been drowning in the weeds down here trying to not blow my cover while you’re getting your rocks off jerking me around.”
Castiel allowed an amused twitch at the corner of his mouth on the unseen side of his face. “Standard practice is to begin with the ones you have the most difficulty speaking of. You can cover the mortal sins, and decide for yourself if you must speak on the venial sins as well.”
Dean shook his hand, thinking the man would look more suitable in a mafia ring or a drug deal. Maybe it was the suit. “Dean Paxton.”
“Well, one person got it loud and clear.” Benny glanced over his shoulder and Dean followed his gaze.
Bella thought about this, tapping one long nail against her cheek. “No, I only saw him alone. It was the,” her voice dropped in a whisper, “the day.” Then she cleared her throat. “I hope he’s doing well. I saw my own mother waste away in the hospital, but at least we knew it was coming. A wonderful woman, my mother.”
The sudden shock of seeing a taut expense of stomach, tan with a dusting of dark hair, rendered him speechless. Good god it was hot in here, he hadn’t realized he was kinda short of breath till now.
“Because of you.” For the first time the other man dropped his tone lower, hushed and intimate.
Sam had no choice but to follow him out into the sweltering push of bodies and yells and dancing and off-kilter singing to the music from the speakers.
“Good idea, Middleton!” Another older man patted his shoulder. “If anyone knows chili ‘round these parts, you do!” A general consensus went up that he’d make a great Judge and could handle a bit of pepper.
Charlie blushed while the young man beat a hasty retreat. “Well, uh, we’re glad to have you. I should go grab the entries now.” She left at a more sedate pace but no less uncomfortable.
“Hmm. Are you thinking about getting out there now?” Jo asked delicately, staring at the straw she moved about in her soda.
“Abbie,” her sister coughed then held out a hand with a big smile. “My name is Ruby. It’s so good to make your acquaintance.” She wrapped her fingers around his once he moved to shake her hand. She did not pull away. “You must come in for coffee.” “Or tea.”
On the plus side, apparently Crowley had came armed with information on who Dean actually was, so it wasn’t as if he was going to find anything other than that.
Dean meets a few more of the townsfolk and heads down to St. Michael the Archangel's Catholic Church.
He was lying flat on his back underneath a tiny sink in the kitchen of the church. The water pressure was weak and the culprit could be any number of things. Charlie was running late, which she warned him she might, so he ended up groping the pile by his thigh without looking.
“Yes.” Dean reached out to grab the discarded clothing from other...victims, holding up the trenchcoat. It wasn’t much, but it would protect his blackened, rotting soul from the hottest flames hell had to offer.
“Yep.”
Castiel wasn’t far behind, though he frankly didn’t seem too sure if he should be.
Even though Castiel stood up at the podium regularly and was well-known, he felt it remiss to not return the introduction. “Father Castiel Novak.”
“I don’t...I mean, I know.” He appeared flustered, his eyes even more blue from up this close. How did a person even have that blue of eyes? Maybe it was the contrast of black lashes and skin just a few golden shades from pale.
He was alone.
A wave of guilt made him feel even worse than Benny’s utter lack of belief. It wouldn’t be the first night Dean struck out, but jiggly bits would be around after Sam left forever.
Cas nodded. “Someone suggested I involve myself more in what is happening outside the Ministry.”
The crowd began to disperse, but then their trajectory changed abruptly. Most began to veer to the right where the end of the testing tables were. Dean thought they were getting in line at first, but they were making a semi-circle.
Cas stepped in behind Sam.
“Yes. Pastor, how are we going to move all this to the park on Saturday?”
Sam's face drops like when he was seven and his ice cream dropped in the dirt. “You’re right. I've been so--err, I just lost track of time.”
They only talked for a moment longer before other guy went on his way and Sam beckoned him to continue the tour.
Not that each child hadn’t been given the best of life. Best schools, clothes, instructors, toys, everything that ended up meaning nothing.
Dean held up the bottles to indicate he couldn’t shake hands and proceeded to finish off one after another. With the three of them watching. He didn’t care.
Thank you so much to everyone who commented and shared and enjoyed this with me!
His fingers brushed something too smooth and round to be a tool. It took him shamefully long to figure out it was a shoe. “Oh man, Charlie I’m glad you’re here. Excuse the language, but someone replaced the old pipes with copper and I’m trying to figure out if they just replaced these ones or if it goes into the wall. Can you hand me the six inch wrench?
Sam tried, and failed, to snag Gabe’s sleeve before he left. “Wait no, I don’t think--!” The door closed.
“Thanks.” Dean muttered, as if Cas could hear him through an open door.
“My name’s Dean. Charlie hired me to preach at Roseview.” Did all the priests around here have angel names? He googled Castiel, who apparently was the Angel of Thursday. Kinda funny, actually.
He glanced over his shoulder and gave her his most winning smile. “The more of a feel I get for the place, the more I know what I’ll say.”
Gabe nodded, casually touching his arm for a moment. “Sure, if I can have guns like these.”
Cas shook his head, attention rising from his still full beer. “No, I am not.”
“Shut up,” he gasped as he angled down just right to create pressure against the spot that would unravel them. “There’s nothing left for you to save.” Heat boiled under his skin, centering from where he violated, where he’d been violated any number of times.
And now he was at Cas’s dorm but with his brother and, worst of all, Gabe.
The whole back of his neck felt hot, looked like the layman did get all shy and missish before a priest. Dean deserved to be ridiculed.
Sam did not look happy at all. “What the hell?”
She had a hard time not smiling as she stuck her hands on her hips. Over the past several days she had loosened up admirably around him, though the nun comment proved she didn’t have far to go. “I can see that. What’s
This was a subject Castiel was still passionate about, even after sitting and listening to many, many people pour out their vices. “Any so bad that it can destroy the grace of your soul if left to fester. Begin with the ten commandments. A man may blaspheme in shock or anger, and that is a venial sin. But if he does so often and willingly, knowing how wrong it is, then that has is damaging his immortal soul.”
Dean spoke when he finally could, swallowing every hot morsel first. “Cas, what are you doing?”
Feel free to check out 'Confession' in progress. It has another Priest Cas! But a very different Dean :D
“Was the burger juicy and the edges crispy when you bit into it?”
Sam smiled and started to move, but Dean waved a hand. “Sit by me. Sam has a guest coming.” He waggled his eyebrows at Benny to let him know what kinda guest.
Time passed in a seductive crawl, only loosening its grip when their hands fell away from each other and they resumed walking in silence.
“You are the Righteous Man.” Castiel spoke seriously, his chin dipping low to stare directly at Dean.
“Why don’t you take a seat, man?” Dean used his foot to hook a chair leg and bring it around to the table.
“I think your hand would fit in here easily.”
Sam snorted, a hand passing over his mouth. “What? Did you seriously just say guys only want one thing? We’re
Dean grinned. “Okay...is that a yes?” He sort of asked. It counted as asking.
Benny lifted up both his hands. “No judgment here. What happens behind closed doors is nobody’s business.”
“Seriously, she calls herself Cassie Angel. No picture though, but look, Senior at WSU.”
“No, we do use personal names in conjunction with the title. However, friends may be even more informal and drop the title altogether.”
The first thing Dean had done that morning was remember everything that happened the night before and considered crawling in a hole and dying. There were things he could blame on the alcohol, but a man absolutely did not touch his bro’s...crush. That was thoroughly off-limits.
Everything went black.
“No. Just plain kitchen ones. The box is in the trash.”
Oh, was it like that? Not that he’d judge his own flesh and blood, Sammy was a big boy. Dean did throw a wink their way as the next song started, Sell Your Soul.
His thumb flew along the words, no time to fix mistakes. He was practically biting his lip in anticipation. She always said she couldn’t boil water, but this was clearly a lie. Maybe she had subtly been trying to invite him over for her cooking? He didn’t know.
the boxes?”
Chuckling, Dean sucked them back deep in his mouth with an amused mumble that sounded a lot like “
“How? Does this thing open?” He tapped on the lattice.
Dean finally has to do some Minister work. It doesn't go badly. And he really, really can't resist Cas.
He let himself into the cozy digs and shoved everything in the fridge, cans and all. It wasn’t until he was sitting on the floral printed couch with a bowl of chili cheese fries and a beer that he realized there was no television against the wall.
“Yes, my lord.” The Fallen rises from the porch. Where Barachiel is slumped in exhaustion under the Fallen’s coat. Lucifer spares a moment for them. They are a reminder. Gabriel is a reminder, and Castiel who used to be so small.
He’s making himself a sandwich, one handed because he has skills, and letting Abe lick peanut butter off a spoon when his cell goes off.
fight.
"I'm not afraid of him hurting her, Sam," Gabriel says voice low as if he thought someone besides Sam and Elle were listening. "Morningstar... Lucifer resented Father giving Castiel to me. He thought that he and Michael should have been given the fledgling. He was always spiriting Castiel off."
Prone to mistakes...
"I gave him to Sam when he turned two. Didn't have anything else to give him, and he was always playing with him anyways. And dad said I was too old for stuffed animals," Dean says as he leans into Castiel. His voice is sad again, and Castiel isn't sure he'll ever understand the everchanging-ness of human emotions. "Glad Bobby kept him. You think Elle would like him? Gotta keep the old bear in the family."
To free will.
He looks up slowly, registers the grateful look on Gabriel’s face and it’s way too late to try to back out of that.
He sees it in Anna's eyes, the shock and then acceptance as she turns, running through the clear path that his wings made. Trying to get back to the house before...
Bobby shrugs, though he's giving Dean a look that suggests a talking to is in his future. Great. "Just in case," he explains. "Now, Sam you get some rest before you fall over, and one of us has to haul you upstairs. Dean, into the kitchen, and lets have a look at that hand."
Castiel frowns and tilts his head, “I… would imagine so.”
Now he only fired guns to scare off stupid teenagers that didn’t know they were trespassing. He mostly listens to Hunters bitch on the phone and looks up crap in Latin.
Dean spends the next ten minutes undressing a baby angel, easy, and then trying to get him to spread his wings, hard. He finally figures out that if he just runs his fingers underneath them, combing through the down, the baby turns into a relaxed pile and is easier to work with.
"I didn't think much could surprise you," Sam tries to sound calm but knows he's failing.
“I apologize again. I knew my brother would be be desperate to see Abdiel but I at least hoped that we could discuss a plan before traveling to your location.” The angel continues cleaning.
Sam swallows hard, that's not the real reason. Not anywhere close to it, and why is Gabriel practically lying? "Actually Castiel defied heaven's orders to give Dean a chance to keep me from starting the Apocalypse. And that didn't go so well," he says, and rubs the back of his neck, his eyes firmly on the ground.
Dean watches Cas' eyes darken, possessive, hungry, a spark of light in the center of his pupils. Dean grins. "I love it when you talk all archaic, like that."
There's something hot, searing and perfect against the back of his neck, and Sam's coming. His cry is muffled into Gabriel's skin and he clings, holds on as he shudders and shakes through his climax. Color bursts behind his eyelids and he can see wings like... like nothing else and light... Sam's vision goes black and he collapses against Gabriel's chest.
But then Jo gets the baby laughing and Dean shakes his head. “You’ve never been that happy to see me.”
Sam chuckles and Luc lifts his head, wiping his nose along the edge of his sleeve. He buries his face in Gabriel’s feathers as Sam slides into the nest, but with a bit of coaxing Sam gets him to look at him.
Anna screams at the same time Nuriel does and she's free as she watches Jhudiel spinning to face...
Dean flinches and Castiel feels momentarily guilty but at least Dean has stopped teasing for the moment.
Dean advances a step. "Tell me what Sam? And why did Cas know before me?"
Tries to roll his eyes, “I’m fine.”
It wasn’t his fault that no one informed him that angels were... touchy. Dean can’t go an hour without a hand on him or someone in his personal space.
"Don't we need-"
"That was touching, I'm very touched."
He’d come back upstairs and found Gabriel with his arm around Luc, holding him still while trying to tame the kids perpetual cowlick. It looked like the equivalent of someone trying to hug a cat that had gone limp.
“Please tell me you didn’t wake me up at five in the morning so you could come do your laundry.”
“Now that’s a nest,” Jo nods.
Gabriel makes a long noise that's half a sigh and half growl. "Fine." He tips his head back and stares at the ceiling for a long moment, leaving Dean waiting. "Crowley wasn't just hurt. He was dying. You couldn't see that with your puny human eyes, but the demon's soul was in shreds. I'd say Jhudiel half exorcised him from his body a few dozen times, then dragged him back while keeping up the damage to the flesh."
The roll of joy and sheer possessiveness that smooths it's way up Gabriel's spine when Sam says
Sam forces back his own arousal, the instinct to
to Dean. And maybe she does.
Sam watches his brother make his way up the stairs, his movement looser than it's been in ages and he hears the warm chuckle when Dean gets to the bedroom, the muffled 'Baby girl' before the door shuts. Dean needs that. He deserves that. Sam deserves...
"They're all grown! I was young! One's a horse!"
Sam shakes his head, and carefully sits up and stretches, "No, well, nothing important anyways. He was wondering if she was drinking the bottle because we offered it to her or because she was hungry," Sam shrugs a little. "Nothing about the fertility goddess other than some grumbling about 'flighty pre-christian goddesses'."
"'M awake."
The boy is half lidded, but still awake, watching Gabriel with a smile. "So is it true?" Sam asks.
tell the boy?"
Anna's face goes through quite a comical set of expressions, before she just sighs. "That would explain why I heard rumors of Zachariah having a figurative coronary. Crowley thought he'd just popped in on Dean and Cas having sex."
him, “And when you two stop commenting on just how dense Dean and I are, you’ll see that Luc is flock, and all members take care of one another.”
"I want my family to be happy," Dean says softly. "All of it."
she did, but I'm pretty damn curious of the
. Angels are assholes and Dean doesn't trust any of them but Cas. Okay, maybe Gabriel a little, after he healed Bobby for no reason other than Cas
"Did you know? That you were gonna fall?" Barachiel's voice is low, like someone could hear him. "Is that why you... stopped coming around?"
Barachiel decides that he is not going to care how much Rem bitches when he's awake, he is considering his condition 'shitkicked' and providing the requisite fussing. Also, that crap at the gate? Sending him inside before the demon showed? Barach isn't stupid. Rem knew. There're gonna be words later. Now that there is a later. Shit. Another inch with that fucking knife and he would have been tearing down to hell itself to get him back. Stupid knife. Stupid demons.
“Gabriel…”
"Uhhh," Barachiel starts and then realizes that really isn't a good way to start anything. "Um, Rem might not be as delirious as I thought."
Like they have all the time in the world.
Then with the sound of wings, Gabriel is gone.
If Sam meant it, not just playing some joke to get back for all the "jokes" Gabriel has visited on the Winchesters, then Sam is interested. Gabriel doesn't know what to do with that. He wants... craves Sam in a way he doesn't want to look at too closely, and this courting started long, long ago. Started in the pagan fashion with blood and death and games. The boy was interesting, clever, full of sharp edges, and dark places. He'd been unattainable and Gabriel had turned his eyes away before Sam could slide further down with a mouth full of blood into the arms of a demon. Gabriel hadn't expected the want to be as strong when he saw Sam again, hadn't expected Sam to even think of asking for his help. He never expected to be able to have Sam.
Dean's rubbing a towel over his hair as he stares at his bloodshot eyes in the steamed-up mirror. Cas had said he had the baby situation under control and Sam was there, and well Dean hadn't showered since the demons. Plus he'd had blood in his hair, not to mention little bits of metal.
"You really want to know?" Gabriel asks. "Not all the stories are pleasant."
“Do you wish for me to continue?”
"Gabriel?"
"You're telling me that, Michael, the Archangel who's supposed to use me as a condom doesn't know that!?"
Sam can understand, Cas’ last mate died, he’d be hesitant about fully committing too. Not that all this is stopping them from ‘making up’ after they argue. Usually in the middle of the living room, until Sam flees.
“I have named him Castiel.”
Jhudiel laughs again as Zachariah’s twisted hand falls to the side and he nods.
When Castiel is big enough he fights. He fights even when Gabriel doesn’t want him to. Castiel fights even when
“I’m not sure,” Gabriel growls, shifting Castiel on his hip, he is starting to make noises now, fear noises as more of his brothers arrive to stare and it is making Gabriel more uncomfortable by the second.
Gabriel isn't sure what he's asking but forces a smile, "Let me see her."
Twenty minutes later there’s a Starbucks cup on his desk that mainly seems to contain whipped cream.
But the angels left. They left a bunch of humans that didn’t know how to take care of themselves. Which was why there were Hunters now. Some people hate the angels for leaving them. Others build churches and wait for them to come back.
"You mean you were the special snowflake?"
Spoilers: Up to 5x10
“Well, umm, you know last time you were here, you said that I should get the roof looked at before the rainy season?”
Dean figures it’s close enough.
Winchesters don't do anything the easy way or by halves, and neither do Angels
"Keep the body broken, while you wear down the soul. Flesh can be healed but it remembers," Dean whispers, the words coming from a place he doesn't like looking in his head.
It’s pretty much the only time Cas pays attention to him. Or to anything that isn’t Abe.
"You're an nuisance and an embarrassment," Gabriel deadpans. "I don't know why I'm friends with you."
"She was. She does not appear to be injured."
"What happens next?"
Shit.
Sam is terrified. They weren't prepared for this and he knows it's not going to be good when he sees Gabriel pull his sword out. The proper sword, not the cute little off hand that he lets Sam use. But still... Remiel stands in the doorway as Barachiel is reporting that the number of angels out there is ridiculously high but so far they've stopped at the wards. Sam can see them now, row after row of men and women, finely dressed and blank faced.
The book hits the ground with a 'thud', pages splaying open as the binding twists. Barachiel can't even feel anger anymore, he's not even sure he should pity whatever his brother's become.
Barachiel huffs, reaching up to annoyingly tweak at Remiel's coat and hair. Stray touches, which is what Barachiel does when the game fails. "I'm not doing nothin' to no one. You're out here and..."
It's like watching a penny drop off the Empire State building, small, sudden, and deadly. Raven's eyes widen and it takes her about three seconds to start flailing around the yard. "You can't be
"Remiel?"
"What has the fledgling gone and done?"
He sees Dean frown and hears Sam hum low in his throat, almost a growl. That's when the wind comes, something strong and smelling of mint. Castiel instinctively covers Elle, as the wind tears the smoke from the front gate. The shadows of Gabriel's wings are visible only for a moment, bright around the edges before they fade. Gabriel is holding a woman in his arms, bending so he doesn't drop her and Barachiel is running away from them, falling to his knees over a crumpled form that lies in front of the gate.
Sam looks up at the angel who is setting cups of coffee and tea on the table. Cas just rolls a shoulder, “He calls once a week.”
Sam groans. "You keep doing that with your hips and I won't be able to."
“And the boat?”
"I am sorry, Gabriel," Castiel says back in their language, he's already started a fight in this kitchen; he does not want another one.
“If he were in heat it would be easier,” Cas snaps and Dean suddenly has way too many questions about angelic biology.
"I knew it!" Anna smacks Barachiel across the shoulder before Sam can even process the question. "I told you not to ask anything! This isn't any of our business!"
Crowley thinks about pushing himself up, but pain darts through him as he shifts. He's been healed but the body responds sluggishly and pain real or phantom echoes through the stolen flesh. "You moron," he growls at her. He should be furious at her; instead he's resigned, sad, afraid. Things demons shouldn't feel, but that's a lie. Demons feel all too much at times. They might be safe now but she'd placed herself in danger for him, she'd do it again. "You went right into his hands. I knew nothing."
"You're just going to be a pervert."
"What? I haven't even said anything yet?" Barachiel frowns, he's got his hat back and is wearing a pair of torn jeans and a t-shirt proclaiming "Han shot first".
"No, not yet."
"Oh but we need a yes. All the pain would be over." The knife trails down to where Gabriel's mark once sat. "Your mate is gone. Your brother has abandoned you."
“Are you going somewhere?” He asks because while Gabriel leaves the house all the time, Cas hasn’t even gone out on the porch.
A mated pair. Such things have been forbidden. Raphael finds he cannot find fault in two of his brethren finding a small measure of joy in these times.
Anna turns slightly and smiles at Sam. "Hi Sam," she says cheerfully, then glares at Gabriel. "Gabriel, did you send this reprobate to find me? Do none of you know how to call or use doors?"
“Hey Abe,” he breathes, “What are you crying for?”
"I am not in the mood for any of your games. You are outside the wards and exposed, you are being a danger to the fledgling."
There aren’t shadows behind Zachariah now, just Gabriel. He isn't smiling, he doesn’t even have that smirk he always wears. This isn’t the Trickster at all. This is one hundred percent Herald Angel of Judgment and he’s pissed off as fuck. Sam doesn't believe the relief he feels makes him any less of a man, not in any way.
“So Sam just has to say yes and...” Gabriel starts.
"Different?" That was interesting. "How different?"
“And?”
Dean shifts his leg forward, giving Cas room, asking without words. Cas is the only person Dean would willing beg, but Cas rarely makes him. And then only when Dean needs every ounce of control stripped from him. But that isn't now.
Lucifer has frozen. The easy smile is gone from his face and he's staring into the crib as if he's seen a ghost. Sam swallows and chances a look down, he can barely make out a golden shine, a tail and back legs peeking out from beneath the blankets.
"Are you sure?" Dean hisses. "I mean, this guy sounds like trouble."
"Gabriel got angry." Cas frowns.
"And already being used by a demon much older than yours and much higher up on the food chain," Barach snorts.
Sam stopped with his mouth still open. "All but one?"
of someone that can dance in the sky.
He reaches and his fingers brush against the wards.
Gabriel was right. They may not be able to remain passive for long.
He grins suddenly, joy as sharp as the despair a moment before. That's Cas up there, and Cas is his. He has the love of a being that can
Cas comes easily and Dean’s surprised when he hears a soft whispering sound and feels smooth warmth slide around him. He’s wrapped in wings. Cas’ wings. He’s never even
Dean looks down at the baby who has both tiny fists clutching his shirt. “Yeah.”
Dean pauses at the couch and gets a long suffering look. “I’m not saving you from a cotton jumper.”
It's a man in a cream colored suit with golden hair and blue eyes. Her grace clenches as he tilts his head at her. "Anael, why are you kissing a demon?"
"What did you think? When he left, what did you think happened?" Dean whispers and opens his eyes to look up at him.
Dean’s got his chin tucked on the top of Cas’ head when a little fat ball of something plops out of the sky and lands in Gabriel’s circle. Dean stiffens as Gabriel suddenly stands and turns, the circle of runes rippling around him before fading away as if it were never there.
Castiel has the good grace to look ashamed before he glances down. "I was distracted."
"Bottle!" Elle demands.
like you have, like some inconvenience to be suffered through, how does that protect me? How does that keep me from being hurt, Dean?"
"What the hell was that?" Gabriel snaps and Castiel glances out the front door.
When Rem starts doing his impression of a bag of angry cats, Barach drops to one knee and hangs onto him as best he can. Remiel is going on about dead people in Enochian and then Greek and Barach is trying to keep up with him as Robert stares at them.
"Gabriel," and he can feel the fear coming off of Castiel, "Gabriel, what are we going to do?"
playing with Elle. "I do not think it would be a problem."
Castiel nods in agreement and moves closer to the bed. Careful not to wake man or child, he places his hand over Dean's where it rests on the baby's back. They both seem so fragile and vulnerable like this, and Castiel is unsure of his ability to keep them both safe. Dean would never admit to needing protection, but Castiel protects him as best he's able... But he could not save Ellen and Jo, could not protect Dean from the pain of their deaths.
"Open." Gabriel says softly.
A twisted smile graces Jhudiel's face. "You shouldn't exist should you?"
It's like talking to a small child.
"Aaron coming up here might not be the best thing. I don't think she could handle her big brother right now. I don't know the full story yet and she's sleeping. She's lost a bit of weight but she's fine otherwise." Bobby doesn't say physically but the word hangs there anyways.
For a moment Anna looks surprised and then thoughtful before she smiles. "Truthfully? I'd say he's a bit of a handful. I doubt there would be many people who could keep up with him."
Dean makes his way out the front door and stops. Castiel is curled up on the front step, leaning against the railing. He’s watching Gabriel. Gabriel who is crouched out in the middle of the junkyard, barefoot in a circle of twisting runes. The archangel is hunched in on himself, motionless and still wearing his bloody clothes. He has one hand out in front of him, dug into the dirt and his other hand is pulled up, gripping the back of his own neck.
“Well, at least you saved the books,” Sam grins as he climbs out of the nest and digs around in his dresser for a clean shirt. “Look, lemme grab Gabe, we can swing by and help you out this afternoon.”
The van is silent for a long moment as they hold onto each other in the barest of ways. Then Sam shifts again; wraps an arm around Gabriel and pulls him closer. He's almost surprised when Gabriel goes willingly. But it's nothing like the surprise he still feels that an archangel would want someone so tainted. "We might not have another chance."
Which in Dean's opinion was a very bad idea. Which is why he has his gun, not that it would do much good, but he ain't going down without a fight.
“Oh man,” Dean is laughing and stepping forward to try and pry her off while Sam rolls his eyes and covers his grin.
He could easily destroy her himself, but the order has yet to come from Michael. Elle's form shimmers then shifts, and he's left holding a human looking child. It's then he can see where she is hurt. There is a long scrape down one of her arms, still red and fresh. Raphael's jaw tightens. He knows who has done this. The fledgling might by all rights need to be destroyed but there was no reason to harm her. Michael would never order her to be given pain before her annihilation.
as he jerks down.
“Yeah,” Dean says, because he does, and he’s got to quit trying to call it something less than it is.
Sam sighs but he smiles. "I love you too."
He gets the distressed, "I think you are being very foolish, Dean", head tilt, but Cas follows him the rest of the way up the stairs. When they reach the guest room Dean's claimed, he pins Cas to the door with a hungry kiss.
After a moment she hiccups again, falling silent. She sniffs and hiccups a few more times, before reaching out a tiny hand to his wings. "Wings like me," she says in their tongue.
Okay, she could do that.
Gabriel gives Elle another strawberry, then pops one into his own mouth. Sam wonders if they're as sweet and juicy as they look, he hasn't had fresh strawberries in a long time. Gabriel had to have mojo'd them since he's pretty sure strawberries are out of season.
"I take it that your mission did not go well?" Gabriel offers.
But he doesn't - can't - sleep.
Gabriel can just picture the face Sam makes as he mutters. "I do not cry through sex."
He put his book down and Gabriel's hand stilled on the baby's back. "So, um..." He kept his voice low to not wake the baby and because it was strange, talking to Gabriel, asking him anything. "What's with the whole "fledgling" thing?"
Anna pulls away from him, peering down at him through the darkness. Not that either of them need much light to see clearly. "Crowley," she sighs. "We're safe here."
"We don't know, Barachiel. He might be getting orders from Michael." It pains him to say it but he needs to be said.
"Good point, I'll..." Gabriel roll his eyes and is in the process of turning towards the kitchen door when Remiel jerks in Barachiel's grip.
Remiel laughs and Anna looks up as the sky suddenly crackles with electricity.
Castiel can barely keep track of Dean in the chaos. He knows that Robert has fallen back to the kitchen, he can still hear guns firing and the familiar growling curses. He can barely sense Sam upstairs, still alive along with Gabriel and the other outside. The vessels his brothers inhabit are easy to destroy but their sheer numbers are tearing the house apart at its foundations. Castiel tries to not calculate how long they can hold against them. He tries to have faith. Another group goes down with Dean in the center of them. All Castiel can hear are the sounds of feet and the bright whooshing thrum when they destroy yet another of his brothers.
The angel laughs. "I sincerely doubt it, Samuel." He pats Sam's cheek with the flat of the blade. "Look at you, getting blood all over the place. Such horrible manners."
Dean pops the lid off the bottle on the edge of the counter, and flings the beer cap behind the fridge.
One of the boxes slides aside and Luc peers at him with pale eyes and whimpers, “Sam!”
"I can't?"
"I'm fun to fuck with I've been told," Sam says tone dry and self deprecating. But he's smiling just a bit, his eyes almost... "Fun to fuck too."
"Die rather than see him get a hold of you? Yes!" Crowley hisses back.
Gabriel's hips rock forward at Sam's touch and words. "
"I want it," Sam gasps. He does, ever since the idea became clear to him. Ever since he realized that yes,
"Love you," Dean manages to say, his tongue still heavy.
"Maui said you were lying! He said you always lie!" Raven is up again, pacing, and tugging at her hair. "Coyote is a liar! Loki is a liar!"
He's standing off to the side now, demons sliding out of the shadows behind him. "Now come on, Butterfly. You'll have to do better than that."
It’s dark, and he can hear Abe snoring in his playpen. He thought Cas was still in the library but fingers smooth their way through his hair and bit by bit Dean relaxes into the smell of paper and cotton. He shifts against the weight next to him and hears Cas make a low curious sound. Before Dean knows it he reaches out, tangles his fingers in the T-shirt Cas is wearing and tugs.
Sam's teeth are clenched against the pain and the horrifying sense of violation. "Go to hell," he grits out. His skin where the mark is slick with blood. He almost hopes they forget and let him bleed out.
"Sam!"
"She can't break it," Dean looks up at Remiel who's watching him with a small smile, "It's enchanted, if she manages to scratch it I'll be very impressed."
bad - and shit, when was the last time they'd done laundry? The sheets feel too cool against his skin as he slides in. He picks up a book off the nightstand and when did a copy of Alice In Wonderland show up there?
“What is he doing?” Dean whispers as Cas settles in his arms.
Michael turns and sits again, shuffling through papers. "I think so. Was this before the third war?"
Reading takes up an hour before he finally puts the book aside and flicks off the light.
Gabriel inhales sharply but doesn't say anything. Instead he shifts Elle against him as he gets to his feet. Sam stands as well, watching as Gabriel walks around to the crib on the other side of the couch, and gently places Elle in it. Gabriel lingers there, but it's Sam that walks around, leans in beside him to cover her with a blanket and smooth her hair.
Dean pushes himself away from the door and tugs it open. The TV is on, almost too bright in the dark room. It's some cartoon, Dean could probably name it if he tried, but the first thing -- the only thing he can think is that he doesn't see Castiel.
“Tell her to bring beer,” Dean says, it’s his usual request.
"Oi, I earned those," Barachiel snaps before turning to Castiel. "Have you taken her flying yet?" He grins, smoothing Elle's shadows affectionately.
“Y’know,” Sam says over Luc’s head at Gabriel who is sprawled on top of the pair of them and flopping his wings
He didn’t need anyone here to worship Abe.
Emily shakes her head and make a noise in the back of her throat and Dean is instantly reminded of his mother. That noise ended arguments, no questions. He wonders if it was a woman thing, except Cas can make that noise too. Barachiel falls silent as Remiel preens and Emily turns to scrape some bacon onto a plate, smack Barach's hands away from it, and then places it in front of Bobby.
Gabriel is wet; he’d be cold if he wasn’t what he was. He’s lying on the floor of a warehouse staring at old crossbeams and a dripping ceiling. He’s not sure how much time has passed since laughter and holy oil and shame. He closes his eyes when he hears footsteps, whoever it is, he doesn’t want to be bothered. He’ll turn them into ice cream or paper stars or he’ll stick them in a poorly written romance novel and leave them in a used bookstore. He’ll forget…
Sam does more than that. He moves closer, dips his head just inside the van. "Gabriel? It's just Sam," there's a single light in the roof of the van that casts a dim light into the van's interior. "I brought you some food and beer."
Sam grins as the house falls silent.
"Yeah, but how did you know that?" he glances back at Bobby.
He can hear Anna and Bobby talking. Elle is gone, Cas went after her... Gabriel went after Sam... Oh fuck, they took Sam. They had Sam and Elle and... Dean thinks he might be hyperventilating. But Michael is there, kneeling, and pushing him up against the cupboard before he slides to the floor. He knows the archangel is saying something, low whispers that aren’t in English. A long chain of syllables that Dean thinks might be a prayer.
But Cas doesn't ask. Instead he says, "I hope he doesn't find it a imposition."
Castiel nods, wondering if Robert had known this would happen. "I think Elle would like him very much."
“I guess she likes it,” Dean says, “Cas, where’d you get that?”
Raven hisses, a low dragging noise between her teeth. "Who did you talk to? Did you talk to Kali? She's angry about this, wants to kill the devil. You should have gone to her or... or... Baldur wouldn't have seen you... Susanoo would help or... Puck, maybe."
For a moment it's just Remiel and Castiel staring each other down and Gabriel couldn't put money on who would win that. Neither seems to look away first, it's just over and Castiel is sighing, something heavy and annoyed.
He moves his fingers in and out, relishes the way Gabriel reacts, the way he moves. Finds a speed that makes Gabriel clutch him hard again, one hand presses at his back looking for wings that aren't there. Sam can't take his own teasing anymore and draws his fingers out. He finds Gabriel's mouth again and presses his legs back further, wider to accommodate him.
The library is breathtaking.
Gabriel just groans and glares. This is pretty much right on the list of the last things he needs right now. "Raven, what the hell?"
"The Goliath, he keeps making eyes at you. I figured you were courting him with the amount you've been touching him."
Another loose shrug. "You were tired." Gabriel looks up just as Sam bites into the strawberry, and his eyes darken for a split second. It's over so fast that Sam thinks he's imagined it. "Don't worry I kept your dreams warded."
Gabriel's back tenses. "What?" he snaps.
“You’re making sure he doesn’t come back with crap?” Dean translates. “After that squirrel feeder you’d think you’d just let him make all the carpentry decisions.”
“And what?” Sam asks, a bit frustrated by Dean's attitude, even if he understood it, “Dean, what happens if she doesn’t just magically go away in another week or something?”
He'd whispered to the red headed woman that had come out of the room with him and she'd watched them kiss. She thinks her name is Anna and she's almost sure she's an angel but there's another story there that she's missed. Now the demon, she doesn't know his name, oh God, is sitting on the cot in the room, stony faced and tearing the pillowcase into strips with the kind of focus reserved for brain surgery and making Croquembouche.
"An' you just sat up here," Barachiel breathes. "An' did nothing about it."
She's through the air in a second, tearing the angel off of Bobby and sending both of them rolling around the living room, snarling and slashing at each other like animals. She's going to rip his throat out. He's trying to break her wrist but she sinks her fingers into his shoulder and he growls. She shoves her borrowed sword through his side as he tries to throw her off. He's got his hand around her throat and she sees his sword come down.
"Yeah, I don't remember going upstairs though," Sam ruffles Elle's hair. "Ready for a bottle, Elle?"
“I guess,” he says because Cas didn’t call it anything. “I mean, it’s not like we had kinky angel sex... Wait, did we have-”
“You,” Zachariah hisses, pointing a finger at Dean, “You refuse your fate and now you bring this
The words are rushed, and Gabriel shoves down the instinctive fear he's felt since the first day Castiel was old enough to
A silent moment passes, a flash of anger in gray eyes. "Ran. I lost him in Bangladesh, but he was hurting." He looks towards Barachiel. "I was... worried for Anael."
"I'm not Sam," Castiel says softly, walking towards the bed. He sheds his trench coat as he does so. He's found it... more comfortable to be without it of late. It's odd.
Oh, for fuck's sake. "You know, those orders? To watch that angel and that demon? See what horrible things they are up to? Do you remember that?"
Sam takes up position just behind him, and Gabriel tries not to think about what that would mean if Sam were an angel, just as the sound of wings ripple through the air.
Also, sleeping arrangements.
Things get kind of weird after that. Well, Dean’s gonna say weird but that’s probably because he doesn’t have any good words for change, because change fucks up everything.
Okay, maybe Dean was the one with hang ups.
Dean makes a sound in the back of his throat, Castiel wants to go to him but there's blood on his hands and he's afraid that if he touches Dean right now that he'll take them all someplace safe, anywhere that's not here. "Fuck," Dean breathes. "We didn't need this. Who's powerful enough to take out Lucifer?"
Dean shoots him a glance and Sam is smirking. "So if I shoot him, I'll just be living up to expectations then, huh?"
"Not if Zachariah is ordering demons around now," Gabriel grumbles. He runs his fingers through his hair and Castiel wonders if Gabriel knows how tired he looks.
But Gabriel sighs and is off the counter in one lithe move. "You," He says in English and points at Castiel. "Are not allowed to lie to me anymore about important things like this. And you," He grabs Dean's injured hand by the wrist ignoring Dean's complaints. "Are going to stop being a completely bad influence. That's my job."
There’s a sudden strange feeling rippling along Dean’s limbs, and a flash...
Sam opens his mouth, and all Dean sees is red. His fist swings before he fully thinks it through. The blow connects with Sam's stomach sending him stumbling back a few steps. Dean expects Sam to swing back, to get pissed. They've done this before. They've never been afraid to trade blows in anger.
The angel is frowning at him and shit, he’s staring.
"Yeah, I'll make sure she calls you as soon as she feels up to it. No... no, it wasn't drugs. Diane, I know..." Affection and sorrow lace Bobby's voice. He'd said he knew the family, Dean wonders how close. He's never heard... no he has heard Bobby sound like that. He remembers hearing his Dad and Bobby talking one night and Bobby talking about his wife.
his sister he'll show him just why he was the Angel of Judgment.
“We had a nap. You got money riding on me or something?”
The baby stirs slightly, but doesn't wake.
"Oh, it was fucking luvvly-jubbly. Wonderful. Loved every minute of it." Barachiel has his eyes closed and is pressing the empty whiskey bottle to his forehead.
"Kids are resilient," Dean tells him, brushing his fingers over the back of Cas' neck. Cas relaxes slightly under his touch.
His eyes trail up to the intricate symbols carved above the door, trailing their way down along the wood.
“He takes naps?”
Elle coos as Dean musses her hair and then Castiel remembers. "Gabriel?"
"May I?" Barachiel asks holding out his hands.
Then Sam enters the room, and grins. "Awesome, chocolate chip pancakes, I love these."
"And you didn't think to bring this up? Even with Cas cut off, he could still ward your dreams." The words are sharp, and Sam cringes.
"So are Barach and Rem!" Anna shouts back as she presses herself up against the washer as the house shudders and creaks around them, "What do you want to do about it!?"
She blinks up at him and pats at his face then his wings again. "Elle," she chirps back to him.
He hears gunshots over the phone and closes his eyes as Abe tugs half the shit off his desk. Finally, after a way too long silence he hears Rufus. “That did it! Way to not drop the ball Winchester.”
Sam cocks his head to the side then looks back up at the sky. "Tell me about one of those pagan gods up there?"
"I trust you," Dean tells him, then lets Castiel go. He scoops up Elle and blows on her stomach again. It makes their fledgling squeal and laugh. "Go show off your wings, baby girl."
The silence is so thick it could probably be classified as a solid at that point and scientists wouldn't argue. Cas' head tilts the other way and Dean cannot believe he'd say anything. He wouldn't. He'd ask first because this was important and...
Bobby's chair sounds loud and grating as it scrapes the floor as he gets to his feet. He casts a look at each of the brothers, shaking his head. "I think I'll check on what those idjits outside are doing," he snorts, "Never had this much trouble with my wards before all these
He's stuck between almost killing Raven as she flaps away, laughing her ass off, and trying to gauge the look in Sam's eyes. Finally her laughter fades and he's barefoot in the mud as Sam leans back and gives him a long look that pins him to the spot.
Cas finishes the library a little before spring. Dean only knows this because he comes out of the bedroom one morning and his desk is gone. He goes down the hall to complain but stops behind Abe’s playpen.
Sam knows that Anna is still talking, elaborating, but he's stuck on the strawberries and the pancakes the day before. The bits of foil wrapped chocolate that Gabriel has been leaving on his books. Things that he hadn't even taken a second thought to consider. The gentle skating of runes being sketched around him and the calming sense of protection that they left behind.
Anna shakes her head firmly. "We... you were on Earth for a while before things fell apart. It wasn't until after the flood. Morningstar became so... angry. So filled with hatred. He'd never liked humans or how Father adored them, but he held his tongue. If he didn't love them he didn't tell Father, he didn't openly disobey," she shrugs her shoulders and makes a sound almost like a laugh, "So damn stupid, all of it. But Father didn't forgive easily back then. Father didn't give mercy easily. And Michael... Michael was so very obedient."
Sam fiddles with the blade across his lap, wondering how his hands seemed to fit into the curve of the hilt perfectly. "So is Gabriel a good thing?"
Gabriel is trying to not regret everything. He should have left the Winchesters alone. He shouldn't have even let his guard down long enough for them to trap him. He should have... should have learned his lesson. Then Castiel would have never come back to the warehouse, he would have never agreed to help his fledgling... Everything would have been just so much easier. He liked the easy way out, he was
A low rumble shakes the room and they all freeze staring up at the ceiling.
"I think there might be some truth in there somewhere," Sam says, shaking his head. He yawns and stretches, all long lines and muscles under his clothes. Gabriel's fingers twitch. "I should go in, maybe call it a early night. Do you need to lay in new wards?"
He quickly shakes the idea away, and fully enters the room closing the door behind him. Cas doesn't look up. He isn't entirely sure what happened between Cas and Barach downstairs. Sometimes he hates the way they talk in angel, like he isn't there. But he knows that sometimes Cas doesn't want to bring up angel business around him. That maybe he might have valid reasons for it. Whatever Barachiel hissed had sounded like bad blood and old wounds no matter what language they were speaking, and Dean really isn't sure if he's up for being in the middle of all that just yet.
It's hard to imagine angels clowning around but he's seen the way Barachiel and Anna carry on. He'd seen the remnants of an easy friendship between Uriel and Cas. And Dean sort of gets it now that he ruined that for Cas.
"I dunno," Sam smiles back. "I've read some stories about Loki."
Bobby nods as he enters the house. "Good, 'cause I've got that ol' crib Sam used up in the attic but I didn't keep too much of that stuff."
"That's why Zachariah wants him dead." And Gabriel wishes he could fully blame Dean for that.
"See you later then, sweets," Raven stretches once before cocking her head. "Hey, do your kids know you're married?"
“That’s normal.” Dean smiles as he drags Pig over and holds it as Abe wraps himself around the stuffed animal. “Do I remind you of him? Is that why...”
He and Dean exchange a glance, only an angel would think that the equivalent of a
“His plan has failed before it succeeded,” Lucifer hisses.
Sam drags one hand up Gabriel's back then back down, fingers slipping just under the waistband of his jeans. His lips curve up as he finds no underwear. "I want to," he can feel Gabriel's erection pushing against his own through two layers of jeans. "And so do you."
He gets the feeling that she's censoring herself and he almost resents it. He doesn't need to be protected from the truth. "How bad?" he asks, because this is important and he doesn't need to be out of the loop because the angels are being closed lipped.
Dean's head rears up. "I didn't do
He’s greeted with a chorus of ‘yes!’ followed by Gabriel and Luc scrambling to find their jackets. If all it takes for them to get along is a lemon pound cake he might have a chance.
He stops in the doorway to the bedroom, taking in the sight of Dean tangled in the sheets. At rest, at peace, something so rare for his mate. He knows that they can't hold the storm off forever. Lucifer will try something, or Zachariah or... He cannot allow this to end badly. He can't even entertain the idea anymore. Not with Elle here. He didn't think that there could be any more at stake but now...
She tugs on Barachiel's sleeve as she squints, there's a figure standing at the gate that she can't quite make out.
“I thought we were most especially not gonna talk about this?” Dean shoots Sam his patented "conversation over" look, ignoring hands trying to yank at his mouth.
that. He's the
“You can’t kill Death,” Lucifer smirks.
Then he hangs up.
“I’m the distraction, actually.” Sam says.
"It's a long story..."
"You never did do things by halves," Bobby finally says shaking his head. "Normal's probably scared of you boys."
“He’s a Hunter. Just like I am, and no one is taking you anywhere.”
Spoilers: Up to 5x10
Gabriel watches Castiel's frown change and deepen. If he were in his true form Gabriel is sure his wings would be ruffled in displeasure. Castiel swings his head around to stare at Dean. "Dean..."
Castiel holds the bear up to Elle, watching as she carefully tugs on ears and runs tiny fingers over it's plastic eyes. He introduces it in his language, although he has to say it's given name in English because "Fuzzybuttons" didn't exactly lend itself to the angelic tongue. Dean is laughing now although Castiel isn't sure why, but laughter is welcome as long as it means Dean is happy. Elle seems pleased with the toy and hugs it to herself, taking it out of his hands.
The week goes by easy, the angels are still touchy but Dean’s getting kinda used to that. The only thing that happened was Sam called the other day and Gabriel answered the phone. Next thing Dean knows Gabriel’s chattering all excited in Enochian because his brother is a giant nerd and has been learning the language from God knows where.
"Lucifer showed up again last night," Sam says softly, so softly Dean almost can't hear him. "He... when he comes into my dreams he or my subconscious makes the "room" look like wherever we're staying. Normally just empty motel rooms with empty beds."
is the best he can do.
"You boys have any supplies for the little one?" Bobby asks as they reach the house.
"Yes," Castiel says, "It is quite solid."
He's almost about to push it, to say that it'll wait, they can talk later but that's what he's
He had some idea of where Michael was holed up. There was a pillar, far away from where the Archangel used to live with the Morningstar, where Michael supposedly ruled. The place where Zachariah would disappear to, or on occasion, Raphael. Now Barachiel had thought that this might be tricky. He was armed and prepared to fight, but when he turned the corner and saw the door, there were only two nits in vessels talking about the weather and they'd taken a long look at him before he'd told them Zachariah sent him and they'd nodded.
He crosses the room and sits down opposite Gabriel, leaning his cane against the table.
"I'm sorry," Sam says finally. "I won't ask anything else. I was just curious, and Cas is sort of like my brother-in-law now."
Sam rolls his eyes but grins and wriggles his hips. Gabriel knows the conversation isn't over. He has so much to tell Sam, so many parts of him that have been hidden away, but for now Sam will let it drop. He'll let Gabriel kiss him and taste his skin. He'll let him forget that there's a sort of kind of apocalypse on and all of his friends are jackasses. But he'll still remember all the important bits, all the things that Gabriel doesn't say. Sam won't let Gabriel hide and that's why he loves him.
"Yeah, well, that's the last anyone really saw of him. No more Michael on the battlefields, or in the garrisons. He did what Father ordered him to do but only that. He just sort of curled up and stayed away, if you get my meaning? Dad left, left him in charge and that's when all the orders sorta dried up."
Gabriel gives him the ‘I don’t wanna tell you’ look and Dean counters with the ‘It’s my fucking house’ look and the angel swallows.
“It isn’t you.” Gabriel says without looking up form his various bits of wood and Dean cringes.
Elle takes it with the greed only a baby can have and Gabriel chuckles fondly. The Archangel runs a hand over her hair, and Sam swears he can almost see Gabriel weaving protection and love over her with just the sweep of his hand.
The archangel sighed and looked at where the Morningstar was lounging, light glittering about his form.
"It kind of is," Anna nods. "That's a big show of trust. Archangels just don't hand off their blades to anyone, much less humans. Most humans can't even perceive that thing, much less hold it."
Gabriel brings her down and gives her over to Castiel again. Castiel runs his hands over her shadows, remembering too clearly the sound of her cry and the sickening realization that he couldn't protect her.
"It seems we inadvertently rescued a local fertility goddess in our efforts to drive out a group of demons that were terrorizing this town..." Castiel says quickly. He places a hand on Gabriel's arm, eyes pleading with Gabriel to calm down and listen.
“Well, you’re not just gonna throw her into one of those baby pouches and go after a werewolf. She’s too little to drag around; I remember how much it sucked,” Sam points out, gesturing with his soda.
Gabriel hooks a leg around Sam's, palms his back. "More, faster," he demands.
Castiel is a wreck and he’s pretty sure Dean has already gone deaf since he was holding her when the whole mess started. They still haven’t figured out what’s going on; one minute she’s perfectly fine, holding her lion with Dean holding her while they watched the Mythbusters tie a rocket to a rubber cow and Cas was trying valiantly to figure out just what the show was about and then bam...
"Shit," Sam breathes and then Castiel is shifting Elle into Dean's arms because it's safe now and Gabriel appears to be trying to do seven things at once. Elle makes a grab at his shirt and a noise of protest tangled up with the word for father he'd taught her.
"We should speak about your fight with Sam," Castiel says finally.
"Barach, I swear..."
“Make it stop…” Gabriel whined.
Oh yeah, this was not going to be over fast.
"Zachariah will not be pleased," the other angel sounds almost worried. Crowley doesn't care.
"Oh really? I distinctly remember finding you in a state of unconsciousness in an acacia tree."
"Um, no...maybe?" Barachiel walked over and clicked open the highchair, closed it, opened it again and then closed it. "He makes me clean if he thinks I'm bored. I mean who does that? Besides mums?"
They turn to the gate where a dark haired man stands in skinny jeans and a red leather jacket, he's got a purple shirt on that says 'Feel free to feel me' and what has to be the world's ugliest hat. He scuffs his worn Converse against the ground and grins.
For a moment Castiel debates saying anything. It was Sam and Gabriel's right to inform the family of any intentions, but... "I believe our brothers have grown... close."
"No, no, as far as I know those rituals are thankfully lost," Gabriel assures her quickly. He can't be upset at her for having the same instinctive fear, she was the one after all that had to put their sister out of her misery. He'd been thankful that Barachiel's optimism and excitement (and knowing several pagan goddess) had kept him from jumping to such a conclusion. "Fertility goddess decided Castiel and Dean needed a little one."
“You’re ill.” Castiel frowns and Dean rolls his eyes.
He takes a deep breath and just goes for it, trying to ignore the fact that this is the first time he’s spoken to his brother in three years.
"Remiel?" Anna grins as Barachiel yanks his hat over his eyes.
“What is wrong with you!?”
"Raphael's had me watching an angel and a demon prance around in a bloody bookshop for the last soddin’ century! I've not had any new orders in decades, mate!"
Sam goes through the gate first, and Dean follows. He knows Castiel is behind him, the baby's sleeping form held against his chest. Dean wonders if she warm enough in the crisp fall morning air.
"I did not sink it," Barachiel hissed, "Sure I was supposed to make it
Even the members that Sam wants to blame for... everything.
Anna is trying to not bite her lip or fidget. She's got to remember she's an angel. A garrison leader. Gabriel is on her left and Barachiel is on her right, along with Remiel. It's been years since she's stood with her brothers. Years since they've fought for something worth fighting for. She and Crowley had both known something would happen, she could see the shadows in Crowley's eyes. A demon that had spent so long running was staying here. For her. Caught up in all her family shit. She wasn't going to let him do that for nothing. She wasn't going to let her mate lose everything for her again. She grips the sword that she'd taken from Bobby. Hers was where it belonged.
So Sam turns the burner on to heat the stew back up, and watches her.
Remiel just smiles. "You can ask Raphael how well that went when he tried."
“Of course,” Gabriel breathes, finally grinning.
Father hadn't made him and his siblings to feel, he'd made them to obey and to obey was all they should have needed. But too much has started to seep in around the edges and Father hadn't been around for a very long time. Castiel wraps his arms around Dean, pulling him as close as possible. His orders were to protect Dean, and he obeyed. He still obeys, just in his own way. Perhaps they are all still obeying, but there's no one around any longer to tell them how. Zachariah called it chaos, orderless... But Castiel thinks that it might be closer to a sort of freedom.
“They’re, uh, just flock marks,” Sam manages to get out and listens to his father ‘mmm hmm’ over the soft sound of shuffling paper.
He reaches up and runs his fingers through her brilliant red hair. "I'm a demon and hell's gates are open."
"Elle is downstairs with Gabriel and Sam."
"Oh, I wasn't playing at being a pagan god. It's not a coat you can put on and take off." Gabriel takes a long drink of beer. "I... had let myself forget a great many things. You kept reminding me, but I just couldn't leave you alone."
"That is so... not... the same... thing," Barachiel frowns fiercely into his jar as Remiel leans back in his chair and unhooks a pocket watch from his vest and silently hands it to Elle.
Gabriel's trembling under Sam's body and Sam nods. "Yeah, I know. I don't..." he closes his eyes against the twisting heat in his stomach that threatens to eat him alive. "I don't just... there's got to be feeling... has to be more..."
Gabriel turns his head slightly towards Sam, ignoring his bickering siblings for a moment. "You knew Anna as human right?"
"What is it doing?"
"I'm going to tell you a secret, Sam." Jhudiel leans in close, lips against Sam's ear. "You weren’t the only thing we stole.” The angel puts his hand on Sam's chest.
Dean reaches out and brushes his hand across Castiel's jaw, then touches the pendant. "Hey, you'll find him."
Castiel looks straight at him, face impassive and says, "You are excused."
"What to do with you?" Raphael muses out loud, over the crying. "You cry as if to wake the dead, small one."
"Oh." Sam takes a strawberry from the bowl, wondering if it'll be as sweet as from...he cuts off the line of thought. "I don't remember falling asleep."
“Too many!” The little thing shrieks and Gabriel sighs.
"That ain't natural," Barachiel echoes his thoughts as Elle makes another pitiful noise and clutches at Castiel's shirt. Barachiel is rigid, staring at the smoke covered gate like an animal spotting prey. "Where's Remiel?" he breathes and Castiel frowns.
"Find who?" Anna hisses.
Sonofa... Sam rubs his hand over his face and speaks very clearly. “Gabriel won’t take you home because you’re hurt and he doesn’t want you to be alone. Also you almost died last night and scared the shit out of the both of us.”
Shit. Fuck. Shit.
Luc doesn’t want... isn’t expecting help from anyone.
Slowly, Gabriel lets out an answering sigh and digs around in his pocket until he finds the familiar battered shape of a lion.
"Oi!" Barachiel sits up straight, glaring at Anna. "We aren't going to talk about that. You promised."
"Knew I picked the smart one," he murmurs against Sam's chest and Sam grins.
The Nephilim had been more human than they had been angelic. A consequence of their fathers' human forms. There had been a few that had transcended that but they'd been born of love, not lust as most Neplilim had.
Dean's hand slides around to cup the back of Castiel's neck and tug with the barest pressure. Castiel sighs before he leans forward closing his eyes, and pressing his forehead to his mate's. They stay like that for a while, just existing together, sharing the same breath. Until Dean let's out a shaky breath. "I'll talk to Sam."
Lucifer doesn't stop, he presses close, too close, and reaches past Sam into the crib. The lion glints in the light as Lucifer slides his fingers around it carefully, almost reverently. Sam can't read his expression, it's like seeing Gabriel in the circle of holy oil, seeing him standing behind Zachariah, this is an old look. Power, shaking and terrifying. Sam reaches slowly behind him and wraps his hands around the crib railing, desperately trying to remember the brush of fingers and the sound of a smile in silence. Anything, think about anything but...
“You know you can just go buy coffee, right?” He frowns as he eases into his desk chair and digs around for his glasses.
"Can an archangel break the wards?" She asks as lightning streaks towards the ground in front of them.
"Buurrr..." The baby hums and goes for his injured hand again.
"Gabriel told him. Gabriel... he woke me up from it," the words leave Sam in a rush. "I've been... I've been having dreams about Lucifer. No, not about him, really I guess. He shows up in them. The first time he was... he was.... he was wearing Jess and he..." Sam trails off closing his eyes for a moment.
"I didn't... Oh God... Elle... He knows..." Sam is shaking, panicked, he couldn't even do this one thing -- protect this one thing for his brother.
Sam struggles to focus his eyes, the angel, Jhudiel pulling his head to the side. He knows the voice. It’s Zachariah. Or what’s left of him. Burning eyes in a broken vessel that just looks... wrong. Gabriel wasn’t lying when he said he tried to kill the other angel. He moves slowly and unevenly. “You humans and your self professed willpower.”
He just looks at Michael and crosses his arms. "See, I told you they'd be fine."
Dean lets out a breath and stares at the ceiling. He can hear Gabriel in the kitchen having another go at the coffee maker. Abe is sprawled out on his chest in that totally limp way that only babies can manage.
suddenly ringing in her head. She'd been talking to Barach in the kitchen and then she'd been running. She doesn't dare teleport or fly directly from the yard, but, oh, she wants to. Instead she's moving across the yard as if hell hounds are on her heels. Her mind is a jumble but she's planning. She was a garrison leader, she can plan on the fly. Gabriel and Michael taught her well.
A genuine actual laugh.
He gets a nod before Barachiel launches himself skyward.
Dean nods, rubbing his thumb and forefinger over the bears ear. "Yeah, dad got him for me when I was born," Dean says softly, sadly.
“I thought I said no hugging.”
He leaves his blade with Dean and flies through the darkness after his daughter.
"Well..." He starts. "A friend of a friend of a friend told me Zachariah got his arse booted halfway across the continent and aint been seen since. So I go lookin', cos frankly that’s bloody hilarious, and I start hearing whispers that low an' behold, the Archangel Gabriel is back and kickin' the shit out of people! And I’m thinking ‘No chance!’ cos Gabriel aint been seen in a scrap since, what, the first war? Second?"
Dean shoots him a dirty look, and Sam makes a face back at him.
"Clever boy. This isn't yours at all is it? Yet, you're still so scared." Lucifer takes a step forward and Sam holds his ground.
, and not in a body stealing apocalypse sort of way. In a better way, a much much better way. He pulls back and Gabriel looks like he's about to say something but... ah, fuck it.
Castiel cannot agree more.
Dean closes his eyes and makes a sound that pains Castiel to hear. "Cas, me and Sam don't talk about stuff like that. He-"
Gabriel is perched on the couch, petting the little owl and swinging his sword around in complicated patterns. He brought Dean the colt, along with a ridiculous amount of ammunition that Dean has no idea where he got it from. He’d said something about time travel and also handed Dean a thin blade that looked like it shouldn’t exist, like it was made of shadow and light. It sings when he turns it in his hand and from the way Cas looks at him when he has it, he thinks he knows where it came from.
“Thanks, Dad.” He smiles and looks up as Luc comes down the hall carrying Abe. He gets about a second of warning before both of them are on the couch and him, getting elbows and wings everywhere while he shouts. He knows he’s complaining at them. But right now all he can focus on is his dad laughing at him over the phone and the brilliant smile that his mate is giving him.
All of a sudden Barachiel hiding behind the door from the fallen archangel is starting to make a new sort of sense. In a romantic comedy sort of way.
He tries again but can't sense anything beyond the wards. "Well, I assume we aren't waiting for Jhudiel to decide he wants to torture us more or else you should really not be this calm. Really he's quite good at his job, he should send an application into hell for the chief torturer position. I hear there's a vacancy now." He ran through the short list of allies and family Anna had. She'd mentioned Remiel, one of the fallen and lieutenant to Lucifer. Maybe his Anna had pleaded with her brother and gained protection for them. He didn't much like the idea, but if it kept
The storm resolves itself into the barest form of a person, the giggling shape, no; angel, in what would be its arms.
What in the...? He spots Sam sprawled out on the couch laughing into his book as Gabriel rolls his eyes. He's sitting on the floor with Cas next to him and they've both got papers with sigils and tiny, tiny, writing spread out over their laps. Cas turns and beams at him when he comes down the stairs.
Elle whimpers, sharp and high, and the whole company turns. Anna is crying and Elle is patting her face in distress. Dean steps forward but Cas is closer and takes her arm and guides her back into the living room, taking Elle from her as they went. Gabriel has sagged against the kitchen table and Sam is right behind him, as if he's worried the Archangel would collapse.
Sam nods. "Yeah. Well Dean
"Well," Barach starts. "I thought he fancied you 'cause he was always touching your arms and such. That's the first step y'know."
Dean forces himself to shrug casually. "Wanted to teach me a
"I do not touch him!" Shit, maybe he did. It wasn't his fault Sam was all elbows and bulk and the living room was kind of small... "We're... friends." Shit. It had been years since anything that he didn't make himself could be called that.
Remiel is kneeling and moving Anna's hands, pressing her back into Barachiel who holds her as she sobs, and then he's pressing his hands to Crowley's chest and of course... Of course a fallen would be able to help. The seconds drag on before the demons eyes flutter and Anna gasps into silence before Remiel nods and Barach lets her go. Remiel stands as Anna whispers promises of safety to her demon... her mate.
"What am I supposed to do?" She asks because no one told her. They just handed her a crying baby and pushed her down stairs telling her that the
"I told her about you two. Figured she needs to know who all was in the house," Bobby tells him with a shrug.
"Ellen," Sam says, "I think we can call her Elle."
The night is deep across the salvage yard, and Anna would be grateful for the quiet and darkness if only she could think of anything but
"Of course you don't," Gabriel chuckles. Because saying "You going to let me find out?" will lead to nothing but trouble. Good and bad trouble. Sam is all sorts of trouble, demon tainted, and in some ways so damn young. He leans against on of the pillars holding up the roof of the porch and waits for his younger siblings to land.
"I won't let him," Gabriel says almost too softly to hear. "Michael wouldn't...he wouldn't now...he..."
"Is there a reason we're having a meeting at five in the morning?" He frowns but Cas is making coffee so at least there's some respite coming. He can hold off on arguing until he finds out what's going on.
"I can see that," clearly Gabriel should have taught Castiel about rhetorical questions.
"Your daddy gave it to me," he tells her softly. "It has power in it that I hoped would find my Father," he speaks to her in angelic, English feeling suddenly too clumsy for what he wishes to impart. The power behind his Father's name that only conveys in his... their tongue.
"I won't say it," Sam hisses. "No matter what you do."
Though he's unsure, Castiel loves Dean too much not to nod. Dean shifts against him, bringing their mouths together for a chaste kiss.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. "I've held babies before, you moron." The baby goes easily, though she makes a sound of complaint. She peers up at him for a moment then settles herself against his shoulder, small fingers playing idly with his collar. She feels like a normal human baby would in his arms, but so had Mary's child.
“You’re confused,” Castiel rumbles as they sit, shoulder to shoulder against the headboard with Abe in Cas’ lap.
?" Crowley asks, with a sharp snort. "No thank you."
is such a brilliant word that his brain misses a few steps and he has to catch up. Then he's lunging for the door before Sam can pull it shut on him.
"Understand!? Are you gonna have sleepovers and braid each others hair now?"
Elle whimpers and the knife moves towards her. She shrinks against Raphael's chest.
He feels like an idiot at the bare relief on Cas' face, because yeah, that's his fault. He'd spent too much time freaking out that he'd stopped paying attention and that... That's usually when he loses things. He reaches out and Cas walks forward, slipping his hands into his, Dean's seen and imagined way too much, he can't afford to fuck this up.
But they aren’t crossing the threshold. They’re just standing there and…
The other angel's eyes are on the bathroom door and the sound of the shower running beyond that. There is something to Gabriel's face that's almost unreadable, a longing.
He looks miserable. He's taken his hat off and is twisting the brim in his hands while gritting his teeth.
“His name is Abdiel. It’s in his Marks. What have you been calling him?” Sam has that ‘oh my god, you’re such an embarrassment’ tone of voice and Dean so did not miss that.
as payment. John said she kept talking about power in the blood line and about you and Sam."
Dean's hard in his jeans, and he tugs at the knot of Cas' tie at the same time he's trying to walk them backwards to the bed. Because he's smooth and he can do shit like this. Only Cas makes him clumsy, makes him too greedy for Cas' skin.
"Remiel has never been fond of direct confrontation," Cas assures him.
, Sam smiles. "Not entirely. Barach was the instigator."
his family, and he hadn't remembered how much until he was faced with Castiel. He didn't think he'd ever forget the betrayed look in Castiel's eyes, even if his fledgling had forgiven him.
"That's...that's awesome," Sam says his voice hushed and awe filled. Sammy's always been the more religious one. "Gabriel's up there too?"
Sam climbs into the van, ducking slightly due to his height. The floor of the van is padded with blankets, but Sam would almost swear there were soft mats under them. There are pillows lined around the walls of the van. "Here," he passes over the bowl and the beer, brushing his fingers against Gabriel's wrist as he does so.
"It's that easy?"
“Fifty bucks says you call Ellen panicking before Friday.”
Fuck.
Oh, now didn't that just sound the littlest bit bitchy? It's official now, his life is completely falling apart. Again. Great.
He shoves Remiel up, cups his face and whispers to him; soft words of comfort, nonsense, until he calms.
After a moment Gabriel notices that Remiel looks a bit of a mess. His palms are bloody, his hair's mussed, and there's a long torn line down the side of his ridiculously expensive coat.
“Come on then, Anael is your brother. He isn’t going to do anything terrible.”
Castiel nods as Dean eases the baby into Bobby's lap, and makes his escape up the stairs, his eyes lingering for a moment on the edge of Castiel's coat, and the stacked pieces of the crib.
. He suspects through Barachiel or Anna. Which means...
He's got a sword across his lap, something bright and shining that bounces light all over the room.  She watches him pick it up with a corner of the blanket and very carefully wrap the strips of pillowcase around its handle. She watches him flip it once in the air before catching it by its covered handle, testing the weight of it. Like it's something new, something he hasn't quite gotten the hang of.
Sam is slowly backing out of the kitchen with Bobby following as Castiel stands. "You never said anything!"
Gabriel breaks the silence, “What are our numbers looking at?”
"Okay, so what does it mean when Gabriel sits on the floor by me?"
The Metatron falls silent.
One of Gabriel's hands spans Sam's hip, the other traces circles and runes into his throat. Sam shivers under his touch, and tips his head back to give Gabriel more of a canvas. "You have no idea what I want to do to you," his teeth skim just under Sam's jaw, fingers still painting his throat with sigils, runes and words that Sam can't catch.
Castiel is rather afraid that Dean will say 'father' because that wasn't what Gabriel was at all. "Gabriel is my older brother. He took care of me."
"You dare come before me after failing so miserably? I ask you and the others to do one simple thing, to bring me one empty headed fertility goddess and you are all that's left. Did she giggle the others to death?" The room is filled with the sound of pacing footsteps.
“Yes, sir.”
“They said they wanted to see an angel fly. I was scared, I thought if they saw my wings they’d go away.”
"Zachariah is in charge of Earth. He says everything is under control so..."
Anna tracks to where he's nodded, frowns until her grace focuses on what she's seeing.
Gabriel grabs a kitchen towel, tossing it to the other angel. "Horseman's blade. Don't touch it, but it's gotta come out
at Dean. “His mate was killed in battle last year before Abdiel hatched. Most angels don’t survive the loss. But Castiel still had Abdiel so...”
Very slowly, Castiel smiles back.
Dean flops down on the bed which means he’s a baby jungle gym now. He lays there for a good five minutes being crawled over until there’s a chuckle from the doorway.
Castiel huffs but his mate and fledgling ignore it in favor of pulling him down onto the bed.
Dean wonders if this is the part where he gets beat up.
"I can completely explain," Gabriel starts.
"Did you really just tell me to grab the blade of a sword?"
Sam shakes his head, “That’s because you freaked him out and when he’s freaked out he gets stressed and when he’s stressed, he yells.”
"Mnf! Pru! Hi! Can we talk?"
"I can't even tell if you're serious or not," Sam grumbles, then takes a swig of beer.
Luc lets him before he looks up, tightening his wings around him. “Are you mad at me?”
Jhudiel screams in Enochian and the entire house starts to shake violently.
"Haven't you heard? He's gone. Missing since last night. No contact. No orders..." Amon swings the pink box back and forth.
Dean narrows his eyes slightly, putting a protective hand on the baby's back. "Why?"
She's petite, pale and freckled with bouncy red curls and glasses. She's wearing a gray pea coat and a rose colored dress, with ridiculously floral patterned rain boots and in her right hand is a pink box tied with string. She smiles sweetly when she looks at him, green eyes snapping to black as he stands.
All the anger goes out of Castiel in a rush and suddenly all he feels is exhausted and heart sick.
Cas does so, clutching the bear as he climbs the stairs then turns down the small hallway to the room he shares with Dean. The door is shut, but thankfully not locked. Dean doesn't raise his head when Cas opens the door, then shuts it behind him. He's stretched out on the bed with Elle curled up at his side. Dean has an arm flung over his eyes.
“You pretty much just toss them all in one nest like a basketful of puppies.”
“You leave War to me,” Michael breathes, and it sounds like the crackling start of a fire.
Castiel tenses, "Gabriel... Please..."
Barachiel shrugs. "He just said gone. Off the map I guess."
“Good,” Gabriel echoes, staring at the thing in his arms.
"They do."
"I didn't want him to waste..."
The brands that each angel outside the wards is bearing. On their arm or neck or face. Only Michael had access to the text that allowed that. But who knew what he'd let Zachariah do in his apathy.
Barachiel is gone in a flash of wings.
Then he remembers. Crowley's hands tighten fractionally on Anna as if she'll be ripped away any moment. She's sleeping, at least he thinks she's sleeping. He scents her again... there's pain lingering on her, the scent of blood. Hers, his, demon and the scent of ash.
. Gabriel grinned, familiar and easy, and told him to not worry. Castiel couldn't help but feel that the Archangel was making up for lost time. Or perhaps Gabriel had other reasons.
"It was after the wars, Michael. We haven't had any wars in
"I'll tell Kali you're being serious for once in your life and to not eat your eyes and I can probably go talk to Ogmios and Athena for you. I dunno about anyone else," she shakes her wings out as Gabriel nods.
Gabriel snaps his fingers and offers his new acquired bowl of popcorn to Sam. It gets him a raised eyebrow, but Sam takes some. And yeah this is going to be good. Gabriel had forgotten how much fun Barachiel and Anael arguing could be.
"Well, Anna said..." Sam starts.
A shiver runs up Gabriel's spine, and for a moment he can picture nothing else but Sam spread out under him, naked, and willing. He drains his beer quicker than any human could before he breaks out into a grin, it was about time Sam learned to give as good as he got. "I bet you are."
"Cas," Dean says as he leans up to leave a kiss on the bridge of Castiel's nose. "That lion's been in her mouth, that's about as informal as it gets."
Michael 'hmm's' again and Barachiel tries not to scream. Everything he imagined, this is worse. This is worse than anything Zachariah could have done because Barachiel has the feeling, the sickening realization that maybe Michael did this to himself. There aren't any sigils here, no black magic, Michael hasn't been compromised or imprisoned, he's just been left alone. The only one up here telling him whatever he bloody well wanted was... Zachariah.
when he takes in the guy in front of him. He’s average looking, in a rumpled suit and trench coat. His hair is dark, messy but then Dean sees his eyes. Blue, like Abdiel.
“Stop being so melodramatic,” Anael tutted, “Come here, it’s alright.”
And "Uncle Sam" was the loudest of her cries as if she knew that Winchester was the nearest.
"If they weren't fighting part of the time I'd be more worried," Bobby says as if that makes perfect sense. He hands Castiel a stuffed black bear. It looks old and slightly worn, but the fabric covering it is soft and the blue bead eyes still shine. "Take this in with you."
They’re both quiet when Dean gets back. The only sounds are the baby sniffing and the soft noise of his dad smoothing down its wings.
Cas' fingers brush against Dean's cock through the soft cotton. Dean's hips press forward and he wonders just when he'd gotten so hard. "Cas."
