“You got the thinking face on,” Tony commented as the neared the camp, “what are you thinking about Cap?”
Tony smiled and pulled Steve’s hand into his intertwining their fingers giving a tight squeeze as his reply.
He was in the middle of pounding into one when he faintly heard a noise of something fall on the ground. He turned his head to glare at the intruder but stopped when he saw who it was. The shocked brown eyes of the man he called his lover stared back at him with tears beginning to swell. At that moment he felt for the first time in his life a small ounce of guilt. He pulled out of the whining whore stood up to make his way to the smaller man at the door of his room but stopped when the man bolted out of the room. The prince winced. He felt his lungs begin to constrict and suddenly it was hard to breathe.
“You would have fought to stay,” Tony just said, “took on the whole world on those tiny shoulders to prove we were worthy. And I loved you for that but I also knew that love blinded you to the opportunity that you could have. I am not going to apologize for making that choice.”
What? That thought confused Steve a lot. He looked around as if looking for someone but could not find them. There was an itch that he could not shake. Steve turned back to see her closing in. Time to play the shy guy act. He was too nice to rudely turn her away.
The team nodded and began to make their move towards the exit of the servant quarters. Steve kept his eyes forward charging down the halls but made sure to be aware of all his teammates' locations. Most guards they faced went down easy but some took a few hard hits before they went down. The Avengers climbed their way to the throne room with efficient and fast movements and fights. They all coordinated who attacked, who defended and who would stand watch. It was their forte to just silently communicate and understand one another without uttering a single word. Pepper meshed in pretty quick and learned fast all the signs that Steve and others were using or try to anticipate their next moves.
“Mr. Stark,” the doctor looked at him pulling Tony’s attention to him, “you are now a human-integrated android system. We salvaged most of your mind intact and were able to replace any damaged parts with artificial pathways. Still, all your memories, feelings, and thoughts are your own. We will monitor you and run some tests to make sure everything is in order. You can consume human food but you do not require much to sustain yourself. Same goes for sleep. You will need some to keep your brain healthy but you do not need as much as you did before. Once we finish our tests you should be ready to go.”
It was not until later that night when the fire went out is when Rhodey brought up the subject. He had been quiet this whole time and just stared at the dying flames contemplating on how to say what he needed to say. The moment he spoke up the group went quiet and tuned into his words, “after Tony was gone Stane, Obadiah Stane, claimed that Tony was too young to understand the nuances of ruling and ran away and that is why he shall take Tony's place. He claimed it would have been what King Howard wanted but he had forgotten how purist the late king was. Pepper, Happy and I grew suspicious and did not believe Stane when he said Tony had run but we had no proof or any way of figuring out what happened. So we dug and dug deep...it was Stand who had set up the hit. He is the one that wanted to you out of the way. I'm really sorry Tony.”
“So that was her name,” Bucky rubbed his chin playfully. They smiled at each other. Bucky always had a way to cheer Steve up even a little.
“Alright. Let me go. I will be back in an hour,” Pepper pushed away taking a small step back, “I will meet you at Madam Hill’s seamstress shop. She always liked me I think she would not mind if we used her rooms for this.”
“What’s bugging you Steven?” His mother asked kneeling at the edge of the bed.
Steve saw Peggy and she looked like she wanted to both hug him and lecture him at the same time. He could feel her exasperation and fondness from where he stood. Peggy really was a strong and wonderful woman.
“It’s okay big guy,” Tony smiled at Thor who turned his confusion to Tony instead, “he is talking about…he is talking about…”
“Something is wrong with Tony. I need to get him some supplies for Bruce to make him a remedy,” Steve answered, “could you...could you get me my travel bag? It would be easier than me having to you know.”
The sun had long set when Steve went back to Dum Dum’s work table. He was nervous since it was Steve’s first real gift to Tony that did not include essential living supplies. Dum Dum was sitting on his stool studying something through a small hand held telescope. It was a funny to see a large man holding something as delicate and small as a small metal piece through a small telescope. Steve could not help a small chuckle escaping his lips.
Moving forward with his plan, Steve sneakily took a blanket off a hook a few feet away, draped it over the horse’s back and opened the stall’s door.
Tony looked at Steve with his large scared and worried eyes. Steve just gave Tony a reassuring smile before turning to figure out the best way to get Happy out of this mess without hurting him more. Steve asked Tony to help him get the larger pieces of debris off the fallen harpy so he could pick him up more easily. Tony rushed to get it done as Steve carefully moved Happy’s torso and get a good grip on it as he waited for Tony to finish. Steve locked his arm under Happy’s broken wings and waited until the exact moment Tony moved the last piece of debris to push his arm under Happy’s knees and pull him off the ground.
“Listen,” Pepper stepped close to him and wrapped her arms tightly around Tony's shoulders, “Rhodey and I won't be far off. If you think the situation is going sour you get the hell out of there.”
“Why?” Steve blurted just as the waitress left them alone again. He wanted to slap himself for being the reason that Tony’s easy smile faded away but it was better to rip off the bandaid early.
The harpy had olive tanned skin, a handsome face, and the most beautiful golden brown eyes he has ever seen. His body looked ready to give up but those eyes, Steve could still see the fire burning in those eyes. The harpy looked ready to break but Steve knew that even with all the scars the harpy would not fold. It was truly breathtaking.
“I know,” Steve answered. He might have to resort to using less than legal ways to obtain some of the ingredients but Steve did not care, he was a master at stealth combat. He could do it in his sleep.
Let me know what you think! I love to read what people think about the chapters!
“Hey Stevie,” Bucky greeted opting to ignore Sam’s existence as a way of reply.
No one else was going to die or get hurt. He will make sure of it.
“Dad!” Rhodey called smiling widely as Tony and papa Rhodes turned the corner out of the alleyway they snuck out from. Tony smiled watching Rhodey and papa Rhodes embrace and reassure each other that the other was okay. This was a joyous moment watching the father and son duo reunite. It made Tony smile alongside them. But they needed to get moving. Get back before his stepmother noticed their disappearance.
Tony had to bite his lips hard to keep himself from coming right then and there. Hearing Steve say those three words felt like a rush of endorphins through his body. He needed it like he needed air.
“Tha-” CRACK.
Anton was back this time standing in front of the window of the plane and said, “you’re coming home now Steffan. Hang in there. We will be together soon. I need you to do one last thing, Steffan.”
Bucky and Steve got to Steve’s room without a word spoken between them. It was odd since Bucky almost never stayed silent long enough to leave Steve in his own head so having him there but not talking was strangely haunting. So Steve began to babble instead. He needed to the silence to go away. He needed the noise of life around him even if that source came from him and Bucky. Still Bucky stayed quiet and listened. Steve began to hyperventilate thinking his friend thought badly of him now. That he thought he was no longer worth it. Maybe he made Buck feel like he was not good enough. Damn Steve was a bad friend.
The merchant contemplated for a moment before replying, “twenty-three and no refunds. You buy him, you keep him.”
Tony looked around and stopped dead in his tracks. The man on the bed...he looked awfully, no it couldn't be, Captain America? Tony half hated and loved the man and studied his file enough to know that the person laying there really was Steven Grant Rogers. He looked peaceful and in deep slumber. Tony could tell by the small detail that he was too neatly tucked in for someone who was not in a comatose state. Seeing his hero in such a state made him a little sad.
Steve looked at Anton but could not really see his face but he smiled all the same. He looked back at the water and lifted his foot and-
“You are just saying that because all your teammates are here! You don’t care what happens to Rhodey or Pepper! I need to save them! Let me go, Rogers!” Tony shouted putting all his efforts into trying to get out of Steve’s impossible grip.
“Well you see, I overheard this conversation because you know as head of security,” Happy paused to tap a little signia on over his heart, “I have access to places so I thought I could get more information by following some higher-ups in Stane’s secret council. It was good that I did because I overheard Killian, you know the harpy that always yearned for the crown, and this other guy talks about some kind of potion that can enhance someone while also giving them control over them. Of course, they said they wouldn’t tell anyone who took it the other part of the truth of course. So I followed Killian around until he gave another harpy a briefcase which then got me following the harpy with the case all the way to the square where he gave a third harpy the potion. I went in to not only get a closer look but to confront the harpies only for the third to begin to glow orange and then the explosion happened.”
“Relax doll,” Steve kissed Tony’s earlobe as he whispered the words into his ear, “let me help you forget those horrible dreams. It’s the least I can do for my lovely husband.”
“So,” Howard came into the large room in which Tony sat in. It was one of the many offices the building had. It was Howard’s favorite spot to beat some discipline into the genius for behavior that Howard did not like.
“First you quote Utopia at me, then deny you hit me with an apple and you won’t even give me a name to get to know you by,” the prince began to follow Tony who was trying hard not to run away, “please just a name so I can find you later.”
“Yeah Steve,” Sam answered, “it’s me. We won by the way but next time you do some heroic stunt like taking on eight guys at once without backup you are going to be left for dead. Still, you had us all worried and Tony worst of them. He refused to leave your side even to deal with anything else. He gave all the power to Rhodey and Pepper to deal with the confused people of Harperia and transfer power over to the people instead of to the royal family. It was amazing to see Pepper and Rhodey face the crowd and take on all the confusion, anger,  happiness and responsibility. Seriously I don’t think anyone else would have been able to do what they have been doing for the past three days.”
cage walls. A flare of anger burned in his chest as he stepped in front of the man stopping him in his tracks.
The next morning came and Tony was still snuggled up to Steve but when Steve looked down he saw the harpy looking up at him curiously. His eyes were beautiful and even more so up close where you could see the detail of small different colors dot over the brown.
A chance to spend your Valentine’s day with a mystery man who could bring something interesting into your life even for a night guaranteed.
Steve felt like he was living a double life. Every time he stepped out onto the training field he seemed to flash into a different world only to be brought back to the present by his trainer calling his name. Still, he did not let the delusions affect him. He put his best foot forward and tried his best at everything they threw at him. He was not crazy. He knew that he was weak. That he was small. That he was slow. But if he could train to be a decent soldier than he could go out there and help them fight the big fight.
Steve realized at that moment that he really did not need to compete with Rhodey, Pepper or Happy for Tony’s attention or affection. The harpy gave it in folds and he was standing there ready to continue their little routine. He was glad that Tony was willing to train with him still. It helped recenter Steve and calm him.
“Next time? Are you saying there will be a next time? Being ambushed, sold and treated worse than a human slave is a one time deal Rhodey,” Tony huffed trying to downplay the situation but Steve could see the pang of regret, guilt and anger cross Rhodey’s face before it dissipates. It must have been so hard for Rhodey to
“You found yourself a good pet,” a man came up to him after Tony’s outburst. Steve and Thor stopped in their tracks and both stared openly at the man who did not know why either of the two looked so outrageously insulted.
“I don’t have time. I need...I need to get to him,” Steve growled frustrated that somehow his teammates aren’t just getting it.
“Does it have to be yours?” Tony bites harshly not really meaning for it come out the way it does. He took a sharp breath and tried to swallow his anger and continued instead saying, “thanks Rogers...for not letting me wake up alone. I-this...this is not how I imagined it to play out.”
“Listen the safest bet is for them to stay put,” Steve told Tony as he kept a firm grip on Tony’s arm.
“So parading around as a clown now, huh punk?” Bucky finally spoke up for the first time since they started the journey.
Steve worked for a small design company near Central Park. They were not many but their force was mighty as they handled big-name clients with ease. It was hard work but Steve enjoyed it. Allowed him to have a steady income rather than the too far spaced payments of freelance. His company held events for all occasions of the year so it was no surprise when he got the email about their Valentine’s Day event. Though what surprised him was what they were offering this year.
“Come I want to show you something!” Hammer smiled at Tony cutting him off midsentence. Tony held back a wince. He hated being cut off, his father did that to him enough already he did not need a pipsqueak to do the same.
“A little past seven,” Bucky replied, “we are going out and enjoying the streets of Brooklyn maybe terrorize a few bullies and flirt with a few girls, the usual.”
“What did you just say? Did you just call Tony your pet?” the harpy growled and it seemed like he was angry for Tony not at him.
Then came Happy. He stood up straight, placed his arms behind his back as he gave Tony an oath to get to the bottom of any and all sources no matter what. He promised to bring the Avengers distance communicators that Tony had bought from the panthers long ago and stashed in his secret lab.
Tony looked down at the man suddenly feeling the loss of his parents all over again, “th-he-no he isn’t.”
It didn't stop him from approaching the man. He looked closely at Rogers’ face stepping as close he dared. Tony has just lost his parents and somehow finding the one man his father remotely seemed to care about was hard and shocking. Was this where How-
“I will go get some food to go,” Steve decided, “give me half an hour and I will bring you the best food in town! I swear you will love it!”
They have been traveling a bit the last week getting simple odd jobs to get some coin before they get to the next city. The jobs they did ranged from tracking down lost items to getting evidence on a crooked official. It was what they were famous for other than chasing down Hydra fractions and tearing them down from the inside out.
The van moved again and Steve just watched the man at the gate stand there getting smaller and less distinct until he disappeared out of view. It took only a few moments to realize that he had finally made it the training camp. Even more, so as Dr. Erskine peared through the flaps giving Steve a wide reassuring smile asking him how his ride was. Steve replied with a bland good throwing the driver and his passenger a dirty look. The doctor laughed and took him to his commanding officer.
“That was years ago jerk. You know I don’t face the same problems since I got selected for treatment by Doctor Erskine,” Steve answered but mentally agreed to take the leap of faith and sign up for the raffle. With that, Steve finally digs into his burger enjoying the rest of his lunch break with Bucky.
Tony wrapped his hand around Peppers and gave it a gentle squeeze. It was a soft intimate moment between the two. Steve just silently gave them a moment as he let himself wrap the idea around Tony being the runaway prince.
The sight was breathtaking and Tony was so happy he was able to save papa Rhodes from being sent away to the Americas. Tony knew he would have never made it and that none of them would ever know his fate. Now that he was back with them those thoughts were no longer needed or wanted. Tony was a content knowing that his adoptive family were officially back together.
We want to say congrats to all who have scored themselves a date tonight but to those who haven’t worry not for we have a special event just for you!
Steve read the email a few times almost sure he wasn’t going to sign up for the raffle to win a date. He was single and a bit lonely but he wasn’t that desperate...at least not yet. Still, he couldn’t get the raffle out of his mind even when he went to lunch with his best friend at his favorite place.
“I didn’t need a chance of good health and perfect life,” Steve growled, “I was satisfied with what I got because I had you. You were all I needed. All I wanted. I almost backed out because of how devastated I was to lose you! What if I had! Everything you did would have been for
Tony paused turned to look at him paused and replied, “Arno Carbonell.” It was his brother’s name who had died at sea a long time ago with his mom but the prince could never know that.
Steve did not wait for his comrades to pull out their weapons as he charged into the forest heading straight for the first saber that came at them. Sabers were the largest wild cats that could match Steve in height if they stood on their hind legs and had long saber teeth that could tear the strongest of creatures in half. Still, they did not scare Steve as he collided with the saber head-on with his shield. The saber howled in pain signaling the rest to come to its aid. Steve did not care he attacked with a swift punch in the face knocking the saber out. Still, the victory was short-lived when another body came crashing into him a moment later when others sabers had crowded around them and began their assault.
“Maybe tomorrow you can ask Nat to give you a haircut,” Steve suggested knowing how much Bucky loved it when Nat did his hair for him. She was quite good at it surprisingly.
“Who are you?” Tony asked. He froze at the sound of his voice. It sounded like him but at the same time sounded quite
The horse watched him calmly not caring that Steve was in its cell. He quickly reached out and began to pet its head letting the horse get comfortable with him. It was better to have the horse’s favor when trying to steal it away. Luckily for him horses tended to like him.
“Steve!” Bruce shot up from his seat looking excited and relieved to see him, “just in time, do you have the ingredients?”
Tony shook his head as they heard the other harpy try to cut into the conversation before Tony replied, “it wasn’t them. It was...it was someone else who betrayed me and left me for dead.”
Steve made it his business to talk to Tony for at least an hour a day no matter what. He would try for longer sometimes but since Steve’s return to navigate and it was hard to hold a conversation for a while trying to focus on the road as well. Still, Steve managed an hour a day telling Tony anything and everything he could think about. There was so much he could tell Tony and the harpy just avidly listened to it all soaking in Steve’s words. It was wonderful. Really. Even if he felt like he was talking to a brick wall.
Steve hoped that the serum the doctor was talking about would work. It was imperative that it did.
Tony really was a good person. Steve decided that he will find his own way to convince Tony that even if it takes him a long time. Even after their inevitable goodbye. Steve will find a way to convince Tony of the goodness he carries in himself.
And that was Tony's family. Right here are the people who he considers as good as blood. Steve wished he was on that very short list but a part of him wanted something different, something more. He ignored those feelings.
Steve stood in front of a group of girls who were laughing at one of Bucky’s many jokes. Though he was not listening in the slightest. He looked around catching a girl’s eye from across the room. She smiled at him. Not wanting to hurt her feelings by his disinterest he just shyly looks away. Somehow, it does not get him the desired result. She walks towards him. Bucky notices and smiles encouragingly at him.
Steve rubbed his hand over his face and through his hair before replying, “why did you leave me that night? I know you loved me when you walked away. I just don’t...I can’t understand...” Steve drifted off stopping himself from babbling.
“Yeah, oh,” Tony snapped a bit before trying to climb off the now awake soldier. This was not supposed to go this way. Rogers was supposed to stay asleep and Tony to laugh off this stupid idea as a drunk mistake.
Steve was nervous as he sat in the back of the big truck to take him to his camp. They had somehow ran out of room on the bus though Steve could obviously see empty seats and was forced to sit with the ammunition boxes. If Steve was not so lost in thought he probably would have put up a fight. But here he sat. Staring at the boxes and crates wondering what they had in them. Wondered if he was going to use any of it. Steve doubted it. The stuff he could see was too fancy for him to touch.
They got to the Colonel’s tent and saw the man talking away about some soldier or another being MIA and waiting for the designated type writer to catch up to his latest sentence. Steve cut in before he could continue, “Sir, what happened with the 107th?”
The team, except Bruce who was still making the remedy, were standing around Tony’s tent in confusion. No one was talking or making a move they just stood there in silent support. Sam was the first to spot him and raised his eyebrow in question. Steve just shook his head as he pushed his way to the front of Tony’s tent. He shooed the rest away before turning his attention back on Tony who was behind the tent flap.
“What’s that look on your face?” Sam asked pulling Steve away from his thoughts.
Tony stood waist deep in the water shirtless. He looked fuller and more healthy than before Steve noted to himself. Tony continued to bathe himself in the clean lake water unaware of being watched. The feathers on his head fluttered and preened as he raked water through them. As he did so he let his head fall back giving Tony’s back a beautiful arc and gave Steve a wonderful view of his soft skin. Tony was breathtaking to see. Steve was just in awe and felt a little happy at seeing Tony’s stubby wings look fuller and begin to what many dubbed refeather themselves. It was a sign that Tony felt safer and more healthy in this environment that Steve had given him. He had helped in making Tony better.
"They sound a little familiar," Steve teased earning a small poke on the right side of his chest. But it seemed to have worked a bit. Tony didn't look so sad or devastated that his family was leaving him.
Tony’s mind screamed in confusion, hating how much he wanted it to be true. This was the man who had left him in Siberia; the same man who had slammed his shield down on him. Why did he still want him so badly?
Sorry for the long ass Hiatus. Hope you can forgive me.
“You sleep there for the night,” Steve spoke though he was pretty sure Tony had made up his mind that he was, in fact, sleeping there whether Steve had an objection to it or not. He chuckled softly as Tony climbed under the covers enthusiastically with a small screech of happiness. Steve lay on the couch and soon fell asleep as well to the small sounds of Tony’s breathing.
Steve stepped outside feeling the soft bite of cold air brush up against his cheeks as he quickly wrapped the cloak around his shoulders. He was glad to have brought it with him because it was thick enough to ward the cold away but thin enough not to make him get too hot. Once the cloak was on securely and he checked for everything Steve began his daily run.
“Fuck me,” Steve rubbed his hands over his face. The anger faded and in its place was sadness and frustration. Just when he thought he had a chance to fix things with Tony. He did not expect to come back to this but then again Tony has been doing everything differently. It was just shocking that Tony was refusing to leave his tent since Steve left. He hoped it wasn't Tony feeling self-conscious about the lake incident. He just realized that he never really got the chance to apologize to Tony for that. Steve had left without speaking a word to Tony having been so worried about Tony's wings. He had decided that Tony would wait but he should have at least apologized.
“Who are you?” these were the first words spoken by his hero and Tony was half terrified to answer.
“I can ask you the same thing,” One of the harpies asked stepping in front of all the other harpies including Tony.
“Ton-” Steve was cut off by a pair of lips crashing onto his. He began to kiss back at first before pulling away reluctantly. Steve wrapped his hands around Tony's wrist and slowly pulled back to look into Tony's eyes. The harpy looked confused at being denied and Steve half-wanted to just give back in and go back to kissing. Instead he guided Tony to sit on his mattress so he could recollect his thoughts.
Steve stood up and smiled shyly as he stood alone over knocked out or groaning harpies. Everyone was too busy staring at Tony to really care.
“Don’t you have like some girl to pick up,” Steve smiled wider at his best friend. Bucky smiled back as he ruffled his hair.
Papa Rhodes was standing nervously to the side of the gate looking around for Tony to show up. He really did not want to jinx his luck so Tony rushed forward through the crowd and met with papa Rhodes as swiftly as he could. The moment Tony was within arm’s reach papa Rhodes pulled the omega in for a big hug. It was safe. Tony felt safe in those arms. This man was like a father to him and to know he was going to be okay made him happier than anything else could.
-----
One of the girls wrapped her ugly arms around his naked waist pressing her bare chest against his back. Repulsed, he pushed her away, threw on some pants and ran out after his lover. He knew he waited too long and it would be hard to find him but he swore at that moment he would. He would look forever. He would hold him in his arms until his very last breath. The prince was going to love the man who he knew, even after this, still loves him.
Steve had not seen a real result of those small transactions until two months into their groundwork. Steve had gone into the capital cloaked to find an item Tony needed for his growing armor that he was building. He spotted a small group standing outside a pub talking about Tony, well the prince who happened to be Tony. They were talking about how the story of his disappearance didn't add up and that they heard from someone else that it was a cover story for one that was a lot crueler and sinister. They debated for a bit as Steve stood a bit farther off to listen but most listening began to add their own inconsistencies out there and that confusion would eventually lead to the disbelief of those stories. It was all Steve needed. It was all the Avengers needed to get the momentum started.
spent all his time when away from home trying to figure out how to wake him up. What would have happened if Rogers did wake up? Tony would never really know.
He saw Agent Carter one more time as she climbed into the car. She locked eyes with him as it drove away and she smiled softly at him before turning away leaving Steve to stare at the back of her head. There was something familiar about her. Like he knew her well but he knew that he did not know her at all. He would remember a gal as pretty as her.
During the rehearsals Steve had blanked out a few times disappearing into his delusions of war and grandeur for minutes before being able to pull himself back to reality. Every time it happened it got easier and easier to control but it was not enough. He was glad that the first show ended well. He was able to keep the delusions and dark thoughts away. And with every show after that they got farther and farther away…
lying; last night had been was rough but he is pretty sure he had been awake for it.
It was early morning when Tony finally stumbled into his room. His back was marred with new cuts and lashes from the earlier punishment. He spotted Jarvis standing at the foot of his bed holding up a warm soaked rag to help clean off his back. Looking down, Tony shuffled up to Jarvis and sat on the bed with his back facing the much older man.
Each image seemed to be more damning than the next. The first image was a simple one. Them at the park sitting on a bench sharing an ice cream. Steve was watching Tony take a large bite moments away from laughing. The second was of them sitting across from each other angrily looking ready to be anywhere but there but too stubborn to leave. But even under all that anger, Tony knew that he held no animosity towards Steve even in that picture when it looked like he did.
Tony didn’t care that this was just a dream or some sick tactic to get him to spill his guts, this was his fantasy and he would get the most out of it. Plus, as he was pretty sure this wasn’t real, there was no harm in indulging...right?
“It always works like a charm,” Steve chuckled before leaning forward and cleaning up the mess Tony had made with his cum. Tony blinked, losing focus as he watched Steve gently roam his hands over Tony’s dirtied stomach with the washcloth.
“Don’t...don’t listen to them, Tony,” Steve turned to look at Tony who just gave him a soft nod.
“I,” Tony took a large breath with a large smile adorning his face, “I am not half as good at anything as I am doing it next to you. I love you Steve and I don’t want to stop being an Avenger. Your team welcomed me like I was one of their own not caring for my race or origin. You saved me from my captors, gave me my first gift and showered me with kindness I don’t know if I will ever be able to repay but I want to travel with you. I want to save others like we saved my own people...I just wherever you go, Steve, that is where I go. Whatever you want I want to find a way to give you. We are meant to be a team. You are my Wyrde, my destiny.”
Steve was surprised by how wide the hidden halls were and how well decorated. It seemed important to the people who built the castle that every part of it was as nice as any part of it. They almost didn't believe that they were hidden except for the fact that they completely relied on artificial light and has little to no exits on either side of them. Still, the halls were winding and tiring but it got them to their destination without alerting anyone and Steve could hear a large meeting happening behind the small trap door.
“It’s fine Happy,” Tony smiles softly at the larger harpy who came to sit next to Tony immediately. Steve realized that each and every one of the three was quite protective of Tony and not because he was their prince but because he was their friend. Tony let Happy press up against him despite it limiting Tony’s movements. It seemed to make Happy more comfortable knowing he is, in a way, sitting between Tony and any immediate threat or danger. Steve sat on Tony’s other side giving him enough wiggle room to stay comfortable but close enough that their knees brushed each other casually. He could feel the brush of Tony’s wings against his back in a constant deliberate motion. They sat like that silently as the rest of the Avengers filed their way in.
The operation took months. They each had a role to play in this whole scheme. Sam and Bruce gained the common folk's trust through quick trade and smithing. Nat would work as a waiting lady for many of the noblemen to gather information that might slip through other's notice. Bucky and Clint took odd jobs that required their skills and created a reputation for themselves among the common folk. Thor and Steve stayed behind with Tony in their small hidden base camp gathering all the intel and figuring out their next moves.
Finally after an hour of walking Tony, Rhodey and papa Rhodes made it back to the manor. They decided to sneak in from the forest in the back of the manor where the farm lay mostly empty and dead. Tony remembered when the ground was full of plants and harvest but that was a long time ago.
“You’re thinking too hard sweetheart,” Steve pouted, pulling Tony from his thoughts and making Tony laugh. It had been a while since he found something even remotely funny and he wasn’t sure why he thought this was endearingly cute.
They took an hour to get fully ready to head out. They bid Tony, Sam and Bruce goodbye as they left towards the small town and then bid Nat and Clint who were manning the camp while the rest went about their missions. Steve lead the rest of them towards the more dangerous mission into the forest of Sabers. He both loved and dreaded going into such dark and daring places. They gave him a chance to let out some steam without holding back but if he got injured he would never hear the end of it. No one ever trusted that Steve had a plan two steps ahead of what he was doing. It was quite annoying but Steve learned to just ignore the worries of his teammates. He was going to take the leap if he wanted to or not. Steve did not care if he drove his friends crazy.
Steve had momentarily forgotten about the raffle as Darcy walked to him forcing him back into work mode. Though he will come to learn that one small click could have a large effect on his life…
“On the contrary, I think I am laughing with you,” Steve replied sitting across from Dum Dum. The other man smiled before slamming a leatherbound toolkit on the table between them. Steve pulled the leather kit towards him, unbound the small straps keeping it closed, unfolded the kit and saw a long line of small set tools in a row. Steve had no idea what any of them were really but they looked new and pretty.
They made it to camp and they parted ways. Tony left to his tent while Steve went looking for Bucky and Sam. Those two always seemed like they were up to no good and seemed determined to prove something that neither of them is willing to tell Steve. He found them both bickering near the supply tent. Those two always could be found throwing insults at the other while simultaneously saving the other’s life. It was a skill they had perfected since day three of meeting.
“What do you mean by saving me?” Steve narrowed his eyes questioningly.
After seeing Papa Rhodes, Tony was more sure than ever. He was going to make this work. He had to. Seeing the man in rags and torn shoes broke his heart in a million pieces. He deserves so much more than this. No one deserves this. Tony wished he could save them all but he knew it was not in his power.
“Yeah, yeah for sure,” Tony shrugged pulling his tool bag closer to his person. The harpy didn’t look particularly happy at being left behind but he seemed okay with the alternative. Steve locked eyes with Tony and smiled reassuringly.
Let me know what you think! I love to read comments and respond to them :)
“Took him? Who took wh-oh fuck who took Tony?” Bucky combed his fingers through his growing hair looking up into the tree line like Steve was as if the leaves will give them an answer.
He focused his attention on Steve’s face who looked both shocked and amused at Tony’s comeback. Tony stood tall challenging the alpha prince who studied Tony’s face for a moment longer before looking at the slave driver and ordering him to release Papa Rhodes. A shock passed through Tony but rushed to the cage desperate to get to Papa Rhodes out before the prince changed his mind.
Tony gave the prince a quick thank you and a polite smile before beginning to rush his way out. Tony was a few feet from the bridge that separated the royals from the commoners when Tony felt a hand grab at his arm. Tony turned to give a rude comment only to see the prince standing there with a large smile on his face. Why was this alpha so fucking breathtaking?
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony said as he pulled on his gauntlets, “there are many ways to get to Stane but we are going to take the secret halls that lead to the throne room from behind the throne. It’s probably the best place to catch Stane off guard while also getting our hands on him fastest. There will be some trusted guards in those halls but they are not exactly fully trained to go up against fighters like the Avengers so hit quick and hard and move on. Do you guys understand?”
Steve was so angry that he just left his tent and the camp so quickly that he did not give anyone the time to stop him. He just went to a secluded area and found the largest tree and began to endlessly punched the trunk as hard as he could. There was silence around him. He can only hear the sounds of his fists bouncing against the tree trunk for minutes until he felt the base snap under his hundredth hit and the tree timbered down away from him. He just stood there clenched fists and harsh breaths staring at what used to be the tree he was beating.
“We will do it all together,” Steve whispered back placing his face into Tony’s feathers. Steve has been making small brave movements for a while and Tony seemed to enjoy his little touches of affection.
“How annoying,” Clint muttered just loud enough for Steve’s sensitive ears to catch. With that thankfully over with, Steve wondered where the rest were. Probably hunting for some food for tonight or doing some pet projects in their tents. Steve hoped the rest would like Tony. It was crucial for them to like him. He was not going to make them put up with an unwelcome guest but Steve was determined to help the harpy so if he had to go sadly Steve would too. Tony was his responsibility now.
The email read:
Then it happened. Tony had snuck into his lab to look for something when an explosion occurred in the middle of the city. It shook the ground they were all standing on putting everyone on edge. Steve was helping Tony into his workshop when the Steve heard it before he felt it. He pulled Tony to his chest and bent down to secure him in place as the wave of shock coursed through the castle. Tony looked up at Steve confused as to what was happening when they heard guards running towards where they were. Steve cursed lightly but acted quick and held Tony firmly in his arms and jumped out the nearest window which happened to be open.
At that moment Tony Stark hated Justin Hammer. Even his stupid tech piece had a lot of problems just by scanning it with his eyes.
Tony loved to build and if Steve could get enough money by the time they hit the city he could get Tony his own set of tools and material for him to make his own gadgets and trinkets. If making things eased Tony’s mind and helped him than Steve will get him whatever he needed. Working odd side jobs allowed him time to himself and to meet other people outside his friends. Steve always loved working solo after long group hauls and missions just to get away from the constant familiarity of those next to and around him.
“Sorry babe.” Tony smiled softly and pulled Steve up to an open mouth kiss, challenging Steve’s tongue in a playful game of dominance. He groaned into the kiss, loving the feeling of Steve’s beard rubbing against his skin. Steve tasted like apples and cinnamon which was kind of oddly addicting.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve knew that but he wasn’t so convinced he was okay with going out with some person his own company picked out for him.
Steve knew Bucky and lot of the men were angry. He knew that they felt abandoned even if they understood the protocol and the risk. It did not matter. They still felt like they have been left to die and many of them are probably thinking that they did not expect to be here today or ever. It made Steve feel somewhat sad.
“Go talk to him please,” Bucky pointed at Steve’s tent and Steve knew he had to but he didn't know what to say because he was an idiot who just constantly messed up with Tony.
“Friend Steve,” Thor smiled stepping up into Steve’s space and placed a strong hand on his shoulder, “worry not we shall make sure you come out of this unharmed.”
“I won't hurt you,” Steve tried again to reassure Tony letting his hand stay stretched out in hopes Tony will take it, “I just want to help you.”
Tony actually laughed at Steve’s answer sliding into the other side of the booth the hostess led them to. The waitress came a few minutes later to take their order giving both Steve and Tony time to recollect themselves. Steve loved how easy it was to fall back into what they had but he needed to know why. Why Tony left him. It was a question that had bothered him for a long time.
Tony warned himself. He needed to know what he had gotten himself into. If this was a ploy by some evil asshat, he needed to get as much info as he could. “Didn’t mean to wake you up. I guess I had a little rough sleep last night.” He wasn’t
Sorry for the long hiatus but I had to rewrite this chapter like so many times.
“We will get our little fire-bird back,” Natasha commented as they made headway and Steve thought he really loved the nickname, fire-bird. It really fit who Tony was to them. Their little fire-bird.
Tony sighed and began to rub his hands together. It was a nervous tick Tony had even since they were together. This was something that worried Tony immensely. “The Erskine trials,” ice cold water ran through Steve’s veins at hearing those words, “turns out my dad knew you had applied and was blocking your application to get selected and gave me the choice, I stay with you and force you to never get the once in a lifetime opportunity for a better life or let you go and have you get the one thing you really needed. I couldn’t do that to you and I didn’t tell you because I knew, I know, you would have argued to change my mind.”
Hours passed and Steve’s crying just lead to him to quietly tremble in Bucky’s arms. It did not feel right but he bit back those feelings and let himself be carried to bed. A part of him was disgusted even. Gosh he was a horrible friend. Steve stiffened himself and let Bucky drape him on top of his chest. They often did this since Steve’s bed was never big enough to sleep the two of them separately.
It was raining hard on the walls of the sheds the people of the land called homes. The sat huddled in the back corners hoping that their gods would forgive them. It always rained when the gods were angry. There was always a home struck by light causing it to go aflame killing those within it. They all prayed that today was not their day. Well, all except one, the arrogant prince who was heir to their throne. The soon to be a chieftain, was having a wild night with multiple women at once. He lost himself uncaring of who was watching. Their screams of pleasure were drowned out by the rain allowing him this small escape. The prince cared not for the gods or his people. All he cared about was having undeterred fun.
This was fun. Being with Tony. Steve found that they just worked. A lot of times Steve could tell Tony did not see eye to eye about how to get certain things done nor did they always share the same opinions but Steve strongly believed that Tony and he shared the same core values. Tony still seemed scared to really challenge Steve as if somehow Steve will change his mind and enslave Tony. Though, Steve could always see the fire in those eyes challenging him. He wanted Tony to fight with him, to challenge him, to feel comfortable and safe enough to take Steve on. Slowly Steve will free Tony from those fears. It was important to him even if he has to buttheads with the harpy. Tony should feel as free as he is.
“Tony-“ “and anyways, Steve here bought me a traveling workshop Rhodey!” Tony cut his friend off forcing them to change the subject. The other harpy looked ready to argue but decided that maybe it was good to move on from such subjects while they were still very fresh.
“I can't promise that,” Tony looked at her with honest eyes.
Tony got up and switched places with Sam and pulled Steve towards him to wrap him in a tight hug wrapping his still growing wings around Steve’s torso keeping them cocooned away from the rest of the team. This was the first time Tony had done this and they were awfully close that Steve could see the small specks of different colors in Tony’s eyes. They were silent for a moment and the world around them washed away. It was serene and Steve felt connected to Tony like he had never connected before.
When Steve dived into the arctic waters it felt cold and painful. It was instant. He felt his breath begin to give and his body begin to panic trying to move from his spot but he knew it was too late.
“Friends? Friends don’t sell out other friends,” Steve growled trying to take a step forward but Tony’s palm kept him in place.
Tony opened the bag and pulled out metal armor gloves. These looked a bit different than the ones Steve has come across. They looked more like they were made for offensive than defense which was not what most armor gloves were made for. Tony slipped them onto his hands and they fit him perfectly, even painted red and gold like his feathers that were slowly growing back. Steve gasped a bit when Tony revealed the palms to show glowing centers on each glove with magic specific ruins that Steve recognized as the blasting kind.
“What was that back at the bar, punk?” Buck started as he stepped closer to him. His friend took his bleeding hand into his and led him back to the street. Steve waited for the oncoming lecture that Bucky
Tony needed to get out of this room. He needed to clear his mind and try to put what just occurred to the back of his mind. After refocusing on the world around him, Tony noticed Steve had just finished cleaning him up to his satisfaction and was pulling away to go get ready. In a desperate move, Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist and pulled him into a hot searing kiss before pulling back and giving Steve a smile.
“I ran out of money,” Steve just said walking as fast away as possible but Clint followed close behind starting on his complaining campaign. This was not going to end any time soon and Steve learned to tune most of Clint’s whines out. Steve spotted Tony turning to look in his direction wondering who was talking but lost interest real fast at hearing Clint constant whining. Steve never felt like he could relate to someone so much in one movement but Tony somehow understood not to get involved with Clint’s little whining sessions.
He had circled the neighborhood three times before Sam showed up to his right. Sam had no way of keeping up but he always loved to try even though he failed every time. Steve did not slow down at his friends arrival but always called “on your left!” with a large smile on his face as he passed him. Sam would always glare at him as he did but Steve always found his friend’s reaction to be quite funny.
“It’s his wings. Tony is getting better, his body is healing, he’s gaining some fat and much needed muscles but his wings are not healing properly. They look much better than when I first examined them but I noticed that they are infected,” Bruce explained.
“I know this is hard-” “fuck put me back, kill me, I don’t want to be here! We were meant to do this together!” Tony cut her off as he felt panic rise in him. Pepper...Pepper was gone. He was alone. How long has it been anyway? Hopefully not too long.
Dr. Erskine was in the barracks when he got there. The German Doctor looked pleased to see him as he spotted the ice pack, his smile softened. It was odd but Steve liked it when the doctor came to visit. He had finally revealed his intentions for Steve and was waiting for the order for them to head out back to New York for the experiment.
Tony just gaped at Steve and he considered that a win. Steve just smiled his half-smile that was said to make the ladies swoon before turning away from the harpy and heading back to the campgrounds.
“Drink,” she urged. Steve took a large sip of the drink offered. He let the warmness of the milk comfort him. It emptied too soon for his liking and grudgingly let it fall from his lips and onto the nightstand.
“Aih,” Thor stood in holding Mjolnir tightly in his grasp. It seemed that no matter what Steve would have to say something and that the team was going to come along even if he did not want them to. It was faster with him alone.
He did not relent at all as he replied calmly, “if you go in there now alone, you will end up not only killing them but also yourself and then Stane wins. He wins and all this was for nothing. The people won’t get behind us because we are just humans in their territory that they tolerate until they think we come to try and conquer them. Please for their sakes and your….your family’s please rethink this.”
But  he was not here to reminisce sadly, “hey Dum Dum, are you free to help an old friend out?”
Steve will never admit that he did not sleep much that night thinking about Tony and what they had just discovered. This was not going to be easy but Steve knew that in the end, he will always help Tony with whatever he needed. It was what friends do. It was what Avengers do.
Steve closed his eyes.
Steve pulled away, having replaced his pout with a happy contented smile. Tony drank up this image in his mind, wanting to memorize every minute detail he could. After one last peck on the lips, Steve dived back down Tony’s body playing with his nipples a bit, giving each a good suck. Tony whined, moving to dig his fingers into Steve’s long hair as he felt Steve’s teeth abuse each nipple. It took a bit for him to be fully satisfied with his work on Tony’s nipples but by the end of it, Tony felt both were utterly sensitive and pleasantly throbbing. If Tony was not already so hard, he would have been even more turned on than he already was.
“I, fuck me,” Tony paused to look at Steve who didn’t bat an eye at the fact that he cursed, odd, “I am his son.”
…“Where is Colonel Phillips!” Steve squeaked out but Peggy just stared at him in alarm.
God bless Margaret Carter.
“You dare-” “what did you just say fucker?” “insult our teammate and companion!” Both Steve and Thor roared at the same time making the man shrink back in fear. They both were ready to throw down as Steve grabbed the man’s shirt and Thor raised his hammer but was stopped when a small familiar hand wrapped around Steve’s wrist. Steve turned to see Tony standing there with a solemn look on his face and Steve knew that the harpy did not want them to result in violence.
(See the end of the chapter for
Follow me on:
Steve really did mess up big time.
Tony, huh? That was a good name. Steve spoke it aloud to test it out and saw the har-Tony shift a bit at hearing his name. He smiled at Tony as he bent down as slow as possible hoping not to scare him anymore than he probably already has. “Hello Tony,” Steve began letting the name roll off his tongue, “my name is Steve. I look forward to getting to know you better.” Tony just looked at him silently and  backed further into the cage as Steve reached in to help him out. It made Steve a little sad to see such a beautiful person be so scared and mistrusting. It was well deserved, Steve bet, but he hoped he can work on getting Tony to like him while offering a place for him to from his wounds and traumas.
Tony spoke his name and Steve was ready to burst. He wanted to hold Tony in his arms, kiss him silly and tell him how much he missed him, how much he fought to keep the memory of him alive.
The smell of the place was atrocious and the amount of noise amplified once he was inside, Steve knew instantly that they use silencing spells with those flaps to make sure that they don’t disturb potential buyers. Still what Steve saw was sickening, creatures stuck in cages, some too small, and many looked to be beaten and harvested for ingredients. If he could he would save them all but he steeled himself and focused on the small sobbing noise that seemed to come from the back of the caged labyrinth. This was wrong but in Nework it was legal to sell captured creatures on the street like garbage and no matter how hard Steve worked to help them it still amounted to very little change for their rights.
“It was nothing,” Steve answered as they entered camp but Rhodey shook his head and repeated his gratitude.
They walked in silence each in their own thoughts and neither wanting to break the silence in fear of somehow ruining this chance with each other. Steve was not expecting to ever really run into Tony again after that day he walked away from him eight years ago. He had kept tabs on him through what he could get through the media and gossip but he never dared dream that Tony would give him the time of day now that he was the CEO of his own company. Even after all this time, it felt natural to walk beside him. Steve even felt the itch to grab Tony’s hand and intertwine it with his own. He refrained though. It wasn’t his place...
“They are beautiful,” Steve spoke, “really Tony, they are.”
As he came down from his high, Tony forced himself to refocus. He closed his eyes for only a moment, letting himself bask just one last time before he had to burst the bubble. “So...well...wow,” Tony spoke as Steve came back from the bathroom with a wet towel and gave Tony a smug smile.
“Oh for him? Thirty dolls,” the merchant replied holding out his hands to seal the deal. That was more than half the coin he had on him but he was determined to save the harpy.
