Scoffing, Dean shook his head. “Jack’s half-human. Cas hasn’t ever had to raise a kid.” He argued, but it felt stale on his tongue. Like a false accusation that Cas didn’t know what he was doing when that had been the furthest from the truth. Perhaps Cas was still learning how to be human, still learning how to teach Jack to be human, but Cas had
“That’s more than enough,” Sam reassured her. “Thank you, Marissa.” He stood, straightening his suit jacket. “And… we’re sorry for your loss.”
There is a thunderstorm and you hear your son’s laughter in its reverberations. You feel the heavy door to your sanctuary open and the only worship you have ever known sounds like your name from the lips of your most divine follower. Your heart stutters and breaks before the altar of the angel of Thursday. You fall to your knees and you are touched by divinity. You are blessed and your hands - free of his blood - reach up to touch his porcelain skin.
Jack tilted his head, mirroring Cas’ mannerisms. Dean was man enough to admit that was cute as hell. Who wouldn’t think that a kid mimicking his dad was cute? “Why dancing?” Jack asked in that same tone Cas answered.
Whatever he was searching for, he didn’t find. Or maybe he found what he was expecting. Nothing new. Nothing new from
Dean grinned, grabbing the plate of pancakes with one hand and wrapping the other around Cas’ shoulders. “I could live with that.”
“Yeah,” Sam nodded, pulling his phone out of his pocket and returning to the interview he had been referencing earlier. “The land seems to have a pretty rich history. So if we aren’t looking for a wendigo, it might be related to that.” He explained, handing the phone to Cas.
“Cas,” Dean offered. “We’re sorry about that,” he had offered in explanation again. “The guy was supposed to have paternity leave. Was out here for his vacation with his kid—”
peculiar, but peculiar wasn’t
people. Dean could just see this… this
Blinking rapidly, Cas tilted his head. “I don’t understand. You... you were touched—”
“Nah,” Dean waved him off, turning back to his ingredients. “You want some pancakes or are we pretending you’re on an anti-breakfast diet again?”
Cas gave a nod of agreement, tilting his head the opposite way as he continued to read the article. “Seeing as how we’ve posed as Wildlife agents, we could propose concern for something rabid infesting her land.” He raised a brow, pointing his question toward Sam and Dean.
Castiel couldn’t place why he wanted the Righteous Man to
“I wouldn’t have that car any other way.” He spoke finally, sparing a glance to Cas but unable to hold his gaze. He buried his face into the screen of the laptop in front of him without waiting for Cas’ answer, but he wasn’t buried enough to deny that he heard the quiet
It’s not too different from Adam, is it? Not that you’re even sure that’s how the story goes anymore. He never hungered though, on those Bible Sundays you can remember. He didn’t hunger until Eve walked into his life and showed him what it was to
So he goes into the night. Fed and full; satisfied. It lulls him to sleep.
, but a
—had thrown their way. His too kind brother. It reminded Dean of how Sam was with Marissa.
Drawing back, Cas furrowed his brow. He watched the grace-blue shine upon Dean’s gentle features, tracked as Dean looked beyond his physical face. Eyes widening, Cas’ movements halted completely. “You—”
?” A small voice asked from the other end of the phone. It sounded tiny and quiet. Dean felt that hardened piece of his heart crack, thunder rumbling in his chest as he held back the sound it threatened to make.
“Yes,” the strange dude with his strange name and sad eyes looked so much like a sad puppy. And sad puppies were Shaggy’s weakness. “Something like that. I’m afraid after not outright choosing Dean for so long that… that he no longer cares that I
“Cas,” he croaks—voice raw and scraping over his otherwise smooth face. “Thank you.” Dean whispers, coming forward. Closer. Into Cas’ space.
. But often, when it was young women who had just lost the love of their young life but hadn’t been hardened enough to prescribe to the Dean Winchester school of dealing with shit, they needed Sam’s gentle understanding.
With a grunt, Dean lowered himself to the soil, sitting beside Cas and wrapping his arm around Cas’ shoulder. “These little guys are pollen-less,” he spoke to Jack. “That’s why we got the honeysuckles.”
Once upon a time, an old entity told you that you never hungered because you were so damn empty inside. If that Famine could see you now. See how damn
Dean shouted. “Since
You drop the phone. You look at your palms. They’re clean. His blood isn’t anywhere to be seen other than marking a familiar place on your shoulder.
Dean grinned, pulling Cas’ hand up to his face, just pressing his lips on Cas’ knuckles for a moment. “I could go for a midnight cruise.”
Sighing, Sam nodded, “give us your card.” He finally settled on. “No promises, but if we end up with something we’ll text you the pictures.”
Humming, Cas nodded. He felt Dean’s arms tighten around him. His body thrummed at the contact, at Dean’s soul pressed against him.
He was beautiful, Dean often thought, but especially in moments like these. The cuffs of his jeans were muddied and his bare feet were buried in the soil where he sat with Jack in his lap. Dean hated how Cas refused to wear shoes outside, but he had claimed to like being closer to the Earth. Dean couldn’t argue with him. He wouldn’t argue with him; not for what made him happy.
Dean’s shoulders shook with his laugh as he turned to bare his full smile to Cas’ smirking, mirth-filled gaze. Oh, he was a
The pad of Cas’ right thumb swiped at Dean’s cheek, taking him by surprise. He sucked in a shaking breath, opening his eyes to watch as Cas gently swabbed at his cheek. Those damnable tears—the tears Dean couldn’t get out of his head for
“Wait,” Dean held his hand up, “Cas, did you... did you think I just—what?—didn’t
into its own tiny galaxy. Dean couldn’t tell if he was close or not, what that
, you think,
Sam turned to face him, a furrow of concern and curiosity that was familiar to Dean bearing its full force at him. “Dean?”
,” Dean whispered, the word out before he could even consider any other answer.
Later in life, when Dean was flirting too close to a stable relationship with a reporter, he idly thumbed at the petals of the
—teased at the seam of his lips.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice
Laughing, Abby shook her head. “I hope you find that thing that… that did that.” Her demeanor suddenly became somber. “I… I didn’t know Brad personally, but everyone on campus liked him.”
. You’re starving and it aches so much that the ringing in your ears might be the phone in your hand or it might be his words ringing,
Dean sighed, turning to Sam. “You better go. The kid’s gonna be on this line of inquiry for the next hour.”
Dean felt trapped. He couldn’t deny the similarity Cas brought up, but if he tried arguing then Cas would say he’d forfeited all the words Dean had whispered into his second skin about how beautiful both of his forms were. Dean
“Sure, but a fella likes to hear it,” Dean teased breathily. “
staring at this elephant and calling it a donkey.
“Cas?” Uncertainty bled into Dean’s voice.
anyway.” There is a muttering of words that Castiel does not strain himself to understand but Dean turns to face him and continues. “Seriously, go on. You perch on some telephone wire while Sam and I get a few hours.”
Tossing the keys to Baby at Sam, Dean nodded, “not a scratch.”
Castiel retreated. He was the Righteous Man. He was touched by angels. Literally and figuratively. Surely, Dean Winchester should be able to perceive him.
. Bloody but
was chosen out of numerous angels and garrisons to retrieve the Righteous Man. He was a good angel. He obeyed orders; he fought fearlessly. He led his Garrison into Hell and carried the Michael Sword out.
Cas’ space until he was there and then—
“Can I call you Cas, man?” That wasn’t the question Shaggy had intended, but it was equally as important. Shaggy might not have been born Shaggy, but Shaggy was the name he preferred. That didn’t mean that was true for Castiel. Castiel might have only preferred people he knew to call him Cas, and did Shaggy even know the strange little guy beyond his name?
… to understand that this one will one day become Michael’s sword against Lucifer.”
fitting against him in every way.
“What sort of ghost takes the form of an animal, though?” Dean questioned further. “I mean Marissa isn’t exactly Doctor Dolittle, but people can tell the difference between a person and an animal.”
And now here he was.
you are now. Not because you don’t hunger, but because all you
of us,” she huffed. “That public defender got too close for his own good. I was
“Fred asks her to.” Cas answered despite there being no question.
,” those feathers tickled at Dean’s chest, drawing out another moan from Dean's throat. Cas was ceaseless in his caress of Dean’s dick, of his tease of Dean’s hole. “You tellin’ me you get off from getting me off, sunshine?”
Dean snorted a laugh, shaking his head. “Sort of counterintuitive. Since, yanno, Free Will.” He quipped, raising a curious brow toward Cas.
“You should rest.” Castiel finally spoke, watching as Dean continued his meticulous work.
“I… see.” Castiel said, even though it did not seem like he
Castiel, but the other two dudes called him Cas, raised an eyebrow. “Yes, Shaggy?”
—everywhere. He took a deep breath, arms feeling loose as he reached forward to catch’s Cas’ limp body.
Dean kissed the top of Cas’ head, inhaling the scent of his shampoo that Cas stole this morning. “I’m happy here with you too.”
“I don’t know,” Cas answered slowly, “it’s not something that happens often.”
Cursing under his breath, Dean halted in his steps. “Dammit, Sammy,” he growled. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything before? At the motel?”
Well and truly
Sam huffed, pointing his flashlight at the ground in front of them. “You’d have rather gone up against a witch?”
“You’re beautiful,” Dean whispered, his voice raw and scraping against every remaining feather of Cas’ wings and physical spine.
right after, too.”
“Way to make a fella feel special,” Dean aimed for teasing, but he couldn’t help the genuinity in his voice. “Can I touch you?” Whispering, Dean moved the hand that had been in his mouth. He reached out into the space beyond, remembering the first time he had seen Cas’ True Form. The way those feathers had felt beneath his fingertips.
understand more than most. He’d lost Eileen too. Not like Cas, no one had ever been like Cas, but—
And Castiel hungers no more.
. That Cas said he was
drew them away, Dean’s phone lighting up on the table and alerting him to a call. He sighed, pressed a tight-lipped kiss to the corner of Cas’ mouth for good measure before answering his phone.
Dean furrowed his brow, looking from the show to Cas again. “You done for the night, man?”
Daphne to go with him, ya dig?”
Castiel approached Ananiel as the Garrison Captain watched in silent awe. It was an emotion unfathomable to Castiel in regards to humans. Ananiel’s fascination with humanity was not something Castiel could grasp, but their order from God was clear. They were to be humanity’s keepers. In this regard, Ananiel’s ever-watchful eye over humanity was something that Castiel
,” he begged
“And yet you suggested calling Rowena,” Sam swiveled to look at him, looking far too large for the small coffee table.
When Cas retrieved Sam’s laptop and sat across from Dean once again, Dean cleared his throat. Cas didn’t look up from the laptop screen, but Dean continued anyway. “Cas,” that got his attention. Now it was almost too much to say. Dean swallowed the heavy lump in his throat. “There ain’t nothin’ wrong with a crack in the chassis.” He whispered softly.
have made. That has been me choosing something else over Dean. It’s not because I wanted to choose anything other than him, but…”
. Then a
.” He let out in a hot breath, dragging his physical lips across Dean’s cheek and trailing to the bolt of his jaw. “If... if you feel even
He wondered if he now understood what Ananiel had meant all those years ago. Watching the Righteous Man, shoulders heavy and eyes dim, Castiel was reminded of the crying child. Only this time, the child did not allow themselves to cry when they needed something. Instead, Dean Winchester held his tongue. He cleaned his gun as Sam Winchester lay sleeping in the opposite bed.
“You’re right,” Cas finally whispered. He broke eye contact with Dean, looking down at the small book he held within his hands. Its colorful cover made Dean think Cas must have grabbed it with Jack in mind. “My apologies.”
“I tied myself to you.” Cas cut him off, eyes sharp. “I
,” Sam let out in a breath. “It’s something that even a year ago you’d’ve denied with your dying breath. You’re cutting back on soda and—and you’re sharing drinks with
a soldier of Heaven. A true warrior of God, fighting for His command.
then it’s gonna be a while before I’m ready for round two.”
you,” Dean whispered, face heating and feeling awfully similar to how Jack must feel every time his hand was caught eating cereal straight from the box. “Chaining you here. It’s why your grace is fading, maybe. Sam thinks so anyway.”
better!” Marissa shouted again. “I want—” she cut herself off. Raising her chin in steely determination, Marissa offered a hollowed-out, twisted grin. “There’s a little boy in the bathroom. I’ll bet his heart will taste real sweet.”
, but you want things you can’t have. Want things you
Jack furrowed his brow, blinking in something akin to surprise at Castiel’s words. “No.” His words were firm but gentle, reminding Castiel of the displeasure Anna had displayed to him many lifetimes ago. “He doesn’t have everything to complete his Heaven yet.”
. I hadn’t meant to.” Marissa’s movements were erratic, the lunar beast under her skin making it seem like she was bouncing on her heels. “Haley promised she’d help me take care of him. Took him out tonight under the full moon.” Those flashing red eyes dismissed, revealing the dark amber that Dean had seen yesterday. “You killed her, didn’t you?”
It made sense. That was Dean’s usual brand of humor. Cas was making a tease in comradery. He was making a joke at his own expense, using the sort of humor
Sam jerked to face him with wide eyes. “Wha—” he started. “
“I mean you’re admitting to getting
There came a crash from the other end of the phone, causing Sam and Dean to hold their breaths. “
, Cas whispered.
large sodas.” Dean huffed at the reminder.
to be. He drew it to him, using both hands from how large the face was and gripping its jaw tightly.
look away. He didn’t want to. He just wanted to watch Cas answer every question Jack had.
teach an old dog new tricks.”
“Not always,” Shaggy shook his head, placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “But like, sometimes we just pick new names, dude. Cas is a nickname since someone else nicked your name.” He chuckled before pointing to himself. “But me? Shaggy
Suddenly, large forms that Dean could hardly make out cradled him. The bed became wings and the warmth around him became burning rings. Thousands of eyes gazed upon him like an omniscient audience. Dean gasped, looking up at the familiar blue-grace eyes and reaching out.
Marissa’s lips thinned into a line, nodding and averting her gaze from Sam’s weighted and blanketed gaze. She turned her eyes up to Dean, offering a half-smile. Standing, Marissa moved over to the small bookshelf that she had in her apartment.
Dean had seen those tears every time he closed his eyes. Every nightmare he had. But in all of that terror he had experienced in that moment, he had forgotten what Cas was
Dean shuffled where he sat tucked beside Cas. He was clearly made awkward either by his own question or Cas’ reaction to it. Clearing his throat, Dean continued.
What he could look at was Mom holding Sammy. He was only a couple of months old, but Mom was excitedly talking to him as if he could talk back. Dad said he wouldn’t be able to talk for a while. That didn’t seem to bother Mom. She was content to describe the flowers to Sammy. They were taller than Dean was. Mom said they wouldn’t get any bigger, but one day
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel rumbled, felt his happiness roll out from him like thunder, before turning in Dean’s arms to run his fingers through golden hair. “What are we going to do today?”
Jack smiled then, inhaling a deep breath and transforming his expression. “Time passes differently here, doesn’t it?” He contemplated after the long silence. “I mean, I see everything all at once and yet I experience things in both Heaven and Earth.”
ignoring it. Ignoring it by pretending it didn’t mean anything. By saying that there was no elephant and thinking that Cas would just
Now, though, Dean’s skin had slowly accumulated new scars. New stories. But occasionally his body would remember the ache of wounds and scars no longer there. Cas’ handprint was one of those. It felt like a constant presence—a constant
“Sounds good to me,” Dean moved to toss the bag full of trash in the small bin on the other side of the room. “I hate witches,” he gave an exaggerated, full-body shutter.
Jack’s brow furrowed and his head tilted in a mirror of how Cas displayed confusion or curiosity. “What does that mean?”
Dean furrowed his brow. “Damn, Cas, tell us how you really feel.” He took a bite of his half thoughtlessly, a way to occupy his mouth. A way to finish this odd encounter and get back to the case.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, don’t steal the
do this. He
. Where Dean was speechless but
“Like hell I would,” Dean argued, voice low enough as not to draw Jack’s attention but no less stern. It took Cas by surprise if the slight jump was any indication. “D’y’know how many times I’ve rebuilt her? And every damn time I add the
The sun is warm and the blankets are long forgotten when you wake up. He lays beside you. Your equal. Your god and your disciple. He is the altar of your worship and the prayers you receive. You kiss his skin and you
Cas frowned, maneuvering Jack’s trash away from him and handing the kid his Mountain Dew. “I hadn’t known the land was owned.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Dean waved him off. “Cas doesn’t finish his soda and I’m not buying something for it to go to waste. We can just share one.”
want to call
Shooting Sam a crooked grin, Dean stepped forward toward the sunflowers but he didn’t dare touch them. “I’m not surprised,” he began. “Mom used to grow them. She started taking you out into the garden as soon as you stopped crying all the time.”
“Right,” Dean’s reply felt as tight as his throat. Constricting and choking. He turned from Sam. “Let’s just gank the sons of bitches and get outta here.”
“Sweetheart,” Dean’s voice was soft but firm in that contradictory way of his. “The first time I saw you, you were wearing Jimmy Novak in a barn in Pontiac, Illinois.”
“More
“Bye, Sammy!” Jack waved with the hand still clutching his car. Sam waved back, nodding to Dean and Cas before ducking out of the motel room. Jack turned to look at the car in his hand before holding it out. “Is this ugly?”
“Honeysuckles stand for devotion.” Cas’ voice rumbled gently. “In the ancient Celtic alphabet, the symbol that the Ogham carved into stone to represent the honeysuckle stood for following one’s path.”
The college kid, Marissa Clayton originating from Maine, gave a hiccup before nodding. “Brad and I were taking a walk by ourselves,” she whispered. The force of her crying made her face ruddied. “We’d just left the camp for a minute. Just so we could have some alone time.” Her tears started anew.
about it.” The small smile on his brother’s face did nothing to reassure him.
Dean laughed, head shaking in that same bobbing manner. “Yeah, he’ll be fine.” Exhaling slowly, Dean admired his hands, admired
, you cry.
“Attorney?” Dean furrowed his brow. “What the hell has she been charged with?”
—and he licks the plate clean. Traces his tongue from Dean’s navel to his sternum. His mouth is alive with juices like wine and he is
been told I’m a catch.” He shrugged, kissing the top of Cas' head. “You’re lucky that was the most mind-blowing orgasm I’ve had in a while or else I’d be making us clean up before you pass out.”
that Jack repeats then I shall consider it a miracle.” He took a bite of his own Burger Burger, but his gaze flickered to the surreal Castihell burger staring back at him.
Cas straddled Dean, hands interlocked and pushing him into the mattress. Dean had wanted to be taken tonight and Cas had obliged. He loved the closeness sex granted him; how he could bury himself within Dean or feel Dean touch his very core. It was an intimacy he had been unfamiliar with.
Nodding, Dean and Sam made their way to one of the free tables. College kids and elderly couples were spread out periodically through the joint. Dean folded his hands together, blowing out a breath as his leg bounced beneath the table.
Complying, Cas thrust into Dean again. Thrust this physical form in a rhythm, reaching into Dean with searing grace-vines and boring into Dean’s soul with thousands of eyes.
who made all of this happen can sacrifice his blood to you. Not even when he is at your feet, quivering and begging for that mercy. You have been made a benevolent god for your disciple. All the worship you had received asked you to
“I’m…
. They just wouldn’t follow his script anymore. And Sam insisted that hunters hadn’t resented them for nearly ending the world twice over. More than that.
“I just think,” Cas began with a sigh, “Daphne Blake is a very accomplished person. If she wished to pursue Fred, she would.”
“Literally and figuratively; I got that,” Dean huffed. “Sure as hell didn’t make me see you.” He reached out, rubbing at the bolt of Cas’ jaw with the pad of his thumb. “So... guess that just makes me a normie, huh?” He smiled but it was twisted and sad.
and have
The gulls are crying out in the fresh morning, and from where Cas’ stands he can see Kelly keeping a sentinel watch over the water. Her ankles are buried in the surf as the ocean kisses her skin with mist. It’s peaceful, really. The way her hair is swept in the breeze, and she seems like a painting. Motion paused; life still.
Hands traveling up his bare torso, Dean felt breathless. These were his hands, but the movements belonged to Cas. The dance that only his angel knew, tracking from his navel to his collarbone, trickling across his skin with his calloused fingers.
the only angel Dean had ever wanted to say yes to.
can hold this divine being beneath his tainted palm without his blood coating twisted hands. How can your touch be more damning than that of the
unspoken between the two of them.
. Dean was the problem. Dean and his anger. Dean and his lack of words. Dean and standing there silently all the while Cas—
. Jack’s eyes are so youthful and yet calculating in a way that he should not be; in a way that Castiel would never want him to be. Castiel was once a hammer, and he had not wished that faith on his—on their—on Jack.
“’course,” Dean mumbled. “You think it’s gonna be like that every time?”
Cas thinned his lips into a line. His gaze flickered like a candle, searching and exploring and making Dean feel seen and
“There’s nowhere I’d rather be.” Cas sighed, fingers raking through the short hairs against Dean’s neck with one hand and his right hand clutching in an achingly familiar way against Dean’s shoulder. Dean steadied himself by gripping at Cas’ waist, holding him to the edge of his seat and meeting him halfway.
“C’mon, the choice between two emotionally stunted brothers or the badass angel?” Dean guffawed. “As if. It’s an easy choice.” He stuffed his face full of another bite of burger before sipping at the soda, averting his gaze from either Sam or Cas.
“Dean?” Cas asked carefully, admiring Dean’s profile from where the man sat within the heart of the Dean Cave.
“And a Castihell too, please,” he added sweetly.
, you
been there?”
, Cas.” He sighed, closing his eyes to recall the shapes that he could remember, the forms that he couldn’t but knew were there anyhow.
“The Castihell for Castiel, right?” Abby grinned with a laugh. “My uncle’s on stove duty in the back. He got a kick out of it.” She offered a bag with their food and a small cardboard with three cups stacked in it. “Our soda machine is right over there for you guys to use.”
.” He shook himself of wherever his thoughts were wandering. “My point is, Cas,” he sighed. “I don’t know. If I could see you, I’m sure I’d like it.” His words were a soft-spoken promise.
, Cas explained.
Cas smiled, indulging his son in that soft way Dean was unfamiliar with until Cas and Jack. “That’s right, Jack,” he spoke soothingly. “Only the female mosquitoes bite, though. They need the proteins in blood for their eggs.”
. So why don’t I just tell him the truth?
Dean swallowed the swear on his tongue, turning back to salvage his pancakes. Once Jack seemed satisfied with Cas’ half answers, he turned to sit beside Sam. Dean turned to Cas with a hushed whisper.
Cas sighed and his heavy shoulders seemed to weigh him down. “There has been… many choices that Daphne---” he cut himself short and sighed again, “that
“And now?” Cas pursued. “What do you want now, Dean?”
Dean trying to conserve spending? Well… Well, he didn’t have a good enough answer for that. And when he wouldn’t give Sam one, his brother turned a shit-eating grin to Abby.
Dean furrowed his brow, watching her carefully. “It wasn’t your fault, Marissa.”
Turning to face the shore, Castiel watches with fascination as a small, grey fish heaves itself onto the land. It’s struggling. So small and finite in comparison to the vastness that Castiel has seen come to fruition. It is terribly small, terribly cold, and terribly hungry.
that you drown in. Drown yourself into the sea of divine love and worship. His smile is gummy and wonderful and you offer as much. Your words burn like incense against his skin and his hands return to you like a devout man looking for religion in the quietest pew.
With wide eyes, Sam stared at Dean openly. “You… you
Objectively, Dean could understand how Winchesters were the stuff of legends. Not to sound too conceited, but
His brother—tall and formidable in his form—watches over the ocean with unblinking eyes.
is hunger.
hunger?
, came Cas’ reassurance.
Ananiel looked displeased at Castiel’s response, turning to face the future Righteous Man. “No, it’s not just that, Castiel.” The Captain furled their body into something smaller, a reflection of the vessels they would have to wear as they walked the Earth. Wordlessly, Castiel followed suit and moved forward with her.
,” and damn if that didn’t pluck at a chord. “And I’m happy for you, Dean.”
,” Dean writhed amongst the starshine. The green aura that made for his skin in this place fluctuated, speckles of gold dotting the skin and turning Dean’s body—his
“Isn’t it always witches?” Dean scoffed. “Witches in Florida is like the premise for every witch media ever.” Sighing Dean merged into the turn lane. He hated Florida traffic. Driving down two-lane roads across the midwest was more of Dean’s style. Downtown traffic was pitiful.
Dean couldn’t afford to look, but he hoped that in this new world werewolves didn’t suddenly have opposable thumbs. Taking a firm grasp of the knife, Dean plunged it into the thick hide of the werewolf's shoulder. It cried in pain, pushing itself away from Dean and panting like a wounded animal.
, and Dean could not believe anyone would want to
that much. Not that he hadn’t taken his eyes off of Cas since they got him back. Not that they still hadn’t talked about this
“Sounds good to me,” letting out a sigh, Dean turned to face Cas fully. “Claire and Jack can catch up. I’m sure you and the book club have got a new chapter to gush over.”
building the Network back up again. With the help of the Wayward Sisters, Eileen, Garth, and several others, Sam had finally started making things
“Something like that,” Sam chuckled. Dean rolled his eyes, handing Abby the card as the girl stuck the order to the wheel in the window.
Sam cleared his throat pointedly, drawing Dean’s attention. “What?” Dean returned the prying question.
“Dean,” Sam called, drawing the phone away from his ear and pressing the speaker button. “Hello?” He asked to the phone and Dean’s heart stilled in its motions. It was only the rumble of Baby keeping his lungs shaking.
what, dude?” Shaggy raised his brow in inquiry and felt it reflected in Scooby beside him.
Chuckling against Dean’s skin, Cas traced Enochian letters into Dean’s pectoral. “Thank you,” he murmured against Dean’s skin, feeling the temptation of sleep drawing him in.
“If Moira is not a witch and her land is the victim of something else, then she will be doubly suspicious of the young woman who is still grieving her boyfriend if we prod the beast as it were,” Cas spoke pointedly. “We’ll go regardless of whether she gives us permission, but it might behoove us to seek approval first.”
. His blood is nowhere to be seen.
Dean assumed Jack answered. Sam made thoughtful noises and plaintive
“Daddy says that sunflowers face East!” He pointed enthusiastically, laughing and reaching for the blooms in front of him.
And knowing every meaning of the word.
The werewolf snapped closely at his throat, red bleeding eyes a menacing glint in the moonlight. Dean could hear his brother struggling, grunting as he rolled with another werewolf. Hopefully, he kept a better hold of his gun. Dean would have to start using a damn bungee cord if arthritis was gonna make him lose his gun.
“Sap,” Dean reprimanded half-heartedly, wrapping his arms around Cas tightly. “You’re fucking
. Until there’s nothing left of that burning star but a husk.
Sam inhaled to steady himself, his gun never wavering. “We know someone who can help you. Okay? We’ll take you to him and he’ll help you learn how to control your transformations.”
“Mosquitos!” Jack shouted. “They’re like vampires,” his voice held all the authority of a four-year-old. “They’re bloodsuckers.”
“Yes!” Jack set his car down, reaching his arms out. Sam and Dean stepped into the room, walking to the small table as Cas closed and locked the door behind them. Cas moved to grab Jack and carry him to the table. Sam dragged the smaller coffee table over, resting precariously on it and allowing Cas one of the chairs to sit in with Jack. Dean graciously took the second chair even if the implication that he was
has held this holy thing’s neck beneath his cruel hand.
?” Sam asked softly, his little brother’s concern near palpable.
Dean felt his spine move as if it were magnetised. It was a rod, pressed straight into the back of his seat as his foot pressed harder on the gas. Jack hadn’t
. Wants to pull him into his ribcage and make a home for him there. Wants his soul to bleed beneath his teeth that way when Castiel smiles, Dean Winchester shines through. Wants to have his hands soaked in the bits that make up Dean Winchester as he eats him
, huh?” Grinning, Abby ripped the paper from her book. “Is he named after the Angel of Thursday too?”
Furrowing the brow of his human vessel in curiosity, Castiel leaned forward from where he sat at one of the chairs placed by the table. Dean removed his things from atop the bedsheets before meeting his gaze. “I do not think that is what you want, Dean.”
Dean cursed under his breath about Florida drivers before responding to Sam. “Doesn’t mean that she wasn’t a witch before or after.”
. Was to be
Cas’ hand, the physical hand on the physical body that Dean knew, reached out. Grasping Dean’s outstretched hands in his, Cas stood over Dean. He bent down to draw his lips across Dean’s forehead.
Between them, Jack made exaggerated kissy faces, causing them to pull apart and watch him with amusement. He grinned, reaching up and holding Dean and Cas’ cheeks in his palms.
“How?” Sam furrowed his brow, his fingers adjusting their grip on his own weapon. “Three werewolves and one victim every week?”
,” Dean gasped, looking up at him in the dark of their room.
“This feels trippy, man,” Dean confessed in an anxious laugh. “I think this musta been what Sammy’s oregano trip felt like.”
crooked his arms—and suddenly Dean’s body was cradling Cas’. Carrying him to the chair and setting him there was easy despite his loose footing.
know the difference.
In the living room of the apartment that Sam and Dean had been in only a day prior, there now stood a heaving Marissa. Her eyes looked wild. The small bookshelf full of knickknacks and belongings was shattered, contents spilled all over the floor. Under her seemingly towering figure, panting and holding his shoulder, was Cas.
and how
Bursting, Dean inhaled sharply, opening his eyes to see the bright, flashing light gradually fade and his vision slowly return. He still felt floating. His body was numb and he was swimming on an ocean he couldn’t identify. Dean’s hands trembled, already missing the feeling of
“Well, I mean,” Dean started, “Sam got Velma, and I
He knew what Cas wanted. Cas fucking
Cas inhaled sharply, eyes widening. Dean wasn’t stupid. He was self-aware enough to know what Cas had meant every time he had said those words. Dean was tired of being afraid to return the sentiment. “Dean,” Cas spoke his name with benediction.
Castiel swallowed heavily. The thought that Dean was being greeted by a familiar and warm face was a soothing balm to the gaping wound left in his heart. “That’s good.” His throat felt constricted around his words. With these thoughts, he could understand the bittersweetness to Jack’s smile. Perhaps this
Eagerly, Jack took a few sips before Cas took the drink from him and placed it on the table. “Why don’t we eat something before we drink all of that?” Cas suggested, turning to Sam as Sammy took the food out of the bag. Cas furrowed his brow. “Where’s my drink?”
“What can I say, Sammy?” Dean grinned. “I’m a
“Brad was attacked rather viciously,” Cas frowned. “It manifested as something rather animalistic if that were a ghost.”
Turning slowly, Dean felt his heart skip and freeze within the cavity of his chest when his eyes locked with Cas’. He opened his mouth in several aborted attempts to speak. Dean felt petrified by Medusa’s gaze.
three,” Dean argued instinctually, falling back on the familiar banter as a crutch.
“I can patch that for you.” He nodded to Cas’ shoulder. It was probably the first thing Dean had said to Cas directly ever since they had left Marissa’s apartment two days ago.
“Nope,” Dean forced the grin, giving Sam one last look before returning his eyes to the road.
“Yeah,” Jack walked up, though his gaze did not meet the Cas in front of him. Sam looked confused, but Dean felt understanding wash over him. “They look like handprints.”
and already Dean could feel his hardness begin to take shape.
Dean Winchester has said yes to Michael. After all of that—all that they have been through—he deems this last resort worth it. And once more Dean is lost to Castiel. Just as he was with the Mark; just as he was with Crowley—and Castiel knows the irony there in a bone deep ache.
Jack turned from the board he had been staring at blankly. Castiel had no clue as to where the young God’s gaze had turned, but he welcomed him back with a warm smile. Jack, however, greeted his smile with something small and bittersweet.
“Old widower by the name of Moira, er…” he squinted, holding up one finger and reaching into his pocket with the hand not holding the handkerchief. He brought out a wrinkled and folded piece of paper, unfolding it with one hand and squinting at it again. “Moria Do-hurty.” He pronounced awkwardly, handing the piece of paper to Sam’s outstretched hands.
Too bad Dean couldn’t find the damn sunlight.
“Most humans,” Dean caught, “but prophets and stuff. All of those guys were meant to, right?”
Cas tilted his head, looking a distance away. “Then perhaps Dean is Fred in this scenario.”
Cas’ lips ticked up in amusement and something fond blossomed within Dean’s chest at the sight. Not that he looked at Cas. Not that he looked at Cas
“We just got back from speaking with her at her residency,” Sam explained with an equally furrowed brow. Dean was glad he wasn’t the only one lost in this conversation. “Marissa’s boyfriend died from an animal attack. What sort of allegations are being claimed?”
It was…
,” Dean whispered. “Cas—” he reached out, pulling at
Huffing, Dean handed the soda to Cas. “Yeah, but we weren’t exactly the same in the other ‘verses too, right?” He grimaced. “Those douches made
Perhaps that was why Fred never went after Daphne. It had nothing to do with their compatibility nor her attainability. Perhaps it was just because Fred was looking for something else. Daphne lived in a world of ghosts and monsters, and while Fred could never be Fred Jones without his mystery-solving and trap-making, maybe he was holding out for the hope that one day he could have
Smilingly kindly, Cas nodded. “In a sense. Mosquitoes and other animals attract each other with dances. Humans have long since chosen other methods of attracting a mate.”
for this man. This once Righteous Man made by God’s Will; this Chosen Man remade by his own hands; this
But with that in mind, Dean was
. Not to bring them both past the point of no return by
Castiel is a man—a
—unfurl from his back. Tower over their two human bodies in this too human space. His chest heaves with panting breaths and Dean places a hand over Cas’ still-beating heart.
Cas and Dean smoothly traded Jack and the Impala’s keys, Jack settling on Cas’ hip once again and the familiar metal of the ring biting into Dean’s palm. “Sounds like an idea.” He smirked, looking between Cas and Jack. “You guys want burgers?”
you, Dean. He chose
Cas inhaled sharply. “You
. There was a beautiful sort of ache knowing that someone you loved would finally get to achieve their happiness. Perhaps this is what Anna had meant all those years ago. Perhaps she too had seen the man that Dean Winchester would become, or the hope of the man he could be. Or perhaps she had no idea whatsoever what it meant to fall in love with a human.
Cas’ movements stopped and Shaggy nearly bowled him over. Shaggy and Scooby scurried to right their footing as Cas spoke. “I suppose that is because Dean wishes to spend more time with your friend Daphne.”
of all places.”
He didn’t think about the sunflowers they left behind.
Dean laughed again, quiet and mindful of Jack. “Oh, you’re such a bastard,” he swallowed Cas’ low chuckle, felt it in his chest, and hungrily asked for more. Cas hummed into his open mouth, a satisfied noise that Dean hoped to hear every day for the rest of his goddamn life.
made by his own choices and love.
“What?” Cas furrowed his brow, squinting to look at the car in Jack’s hand. Damn. Cas really
like a four-year-old. Dean could remember that awkward conversation and Jack attempting to learn about human socialization and sex.
look pitiful and Shaggy understood what Scoob was picking up. “Man, are we talking about Fred or are we talking about
“And what, Dean?” Sam rebutted. “Ask Cas to come with us? Leave the four-year-old in the motel room by himself?”
“Well, the men do what most insect men do,” Cas explained, “they’re gatherers. And traditionally, as with most insects, they’re just meant for mating.”
“We’ll see you in a bit. Hopefully, I can get started on something.” He nodded, reaching for the motel room key that Sam was handing him. They had gotten one room. Sam thought it was stupid since there were three grown adults, but Dean had been adamant. Maybe it spoke to how much Sammy knew him that he hadn’t argued further.
Even this aside, the birth of the Righteous Man was a sight to behold and witness. Castiel was certain many an angel had paused in their duties to watch on as the Michael Sword drew in his first breath.
talk to Sam about. Not because Sam wouldn’t understand. What with Eileen hanging around the Bunker so often now, Dean was sure Sam
. Things Castiel was not made to crave but
Castiel knows what he means. It has not been so long since Lucifer rebelled against God’s Will. The noise had been terrible; the fighting was great. Now Heaven rolls with ominous thunder that looms within the clouds, waiting to rain down upon the peace that has settled since Lucifer’s Fall.
“No,” Castiel answered without hesitation. Dean’s longing called again, asking for Castiel. “But…”
. He is not speaking of his time as a human—though arguably that was the worst hunger he has ever known, physically. He is speaking of the hunger that gnaws in his belly and eats his being with how starved it is. Because he does; he hungers.
. Something that sounded like a sigh, warm against Dean’s ear despite coming from somewhere inside him, sounded.
Appeased, Abby thanked him and turned to busy herself behind the counter. Sam walked up behind Dean, catching his elbow. “Everything okay?”
Dean felt his mouth twist into a sour grin. “Yeah, damn happy.” He huffed, marching onward. “Real happy marching out in the marsh.”
“With Moira’s permission,” Cas’ graveled voice brought to their attention. “It would hardly do to make her aware that we’re suspicious of her should she prove to be a witch. If we’re heading to her place of residency, we’ll want to mention we’re investigating the attack.”
Cas inhales sharply, hands reflexively reaching for Dean’s wrists as familiar, calloused hands move to his button down. “
with all of your college buddies?”
“Whaddya think, Jack? Do you like the colors?” Dean hummed, watching Jack’s gummy smile as the kid waved up at him.
Dean exhaled shakily, leaning back in his seat and running a hand over his face. “How the hell am I supposed to explain
you know
You feel
“Eck,” Sam rolled his eyes and returned to his seat at the kitchen table. “What did we say about the
“Rhen rou are Ras.” Scooby grinned, tail wagging as he spoke. “Right, Raggy?”
—for Dean’s whatever they were. “You don’t have to worry about a
Dean removed his gaze from the television screen to raise a brow toward Cas. “What’s up, Cas?”
you are.”
“He’s not
was left unsaid between them. Sam huffed a breath that reminded Dean of a bull. Dean puffed out his chest, feeling defensive and cornered until Sam’s gaze flickered over his shoulder. Sam’s face paled, eyes widening in shock at whatever had conjured behind Dean.
“Sorry,” Abby apologized. “I just overheard you talking to James Claritin Clear over there.” She gestured to the door James had walked out of. “He’s got allergies the size of Montana. Dunno why he settled in
off of hunting.”
Sam’s furrow softened, understanding dawning against that brow and causing Sam to nod. “I know, Dean.” He confessed. “But… he’s back now.” He spoke slowly. “You’re… usually when he’s back it’s not like—” sighing, Sam ran his fingers through his hair. “Even after that time at the cabin when we got Cas back... Dean, I don’t think I’ve
But Castiel has the trust—
“I’m sorry,” Cas whispered. “That could have been dangerous. If you hadn’t been able to perceive me—”
“I’m sorry about Jack,” Cas sighed. “Usually he’s so quiet.”
“Sammy—”
Dean wore that furrow in his brow. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You shoulda got in the car. Turned the A/C on,” Dean chided gently, ducking his head so he could meet Jack’s gaze beneath the sunhat.
“I don’t
The floor is so cold and you see him smile sadly as this last sacrifice to your altar is laid before you. There is a prayer. There are tears and blood and an
Stretching as he reached into the cabinet for his mixing bowl, Dean sighed as his bones loosened from the action. He placed the bowl on the countertop, rubbing the back of his neck to ease the tense muscles.
to do this.
Something brews inside the very core of Castiel with these thoughts. He too feels very finite on this shoreline. Terribly cold; terribly hungry. But what are those things? What does it mean to feel cold? Is it the absence of warmth? Or the terror that befalls wings and faces like fresh snowfall? What
Dean took the ointment, squelching some of it into his palm. He exhaled shakily, slathering it gently over Cas’ wound. Cas barely winced and yet the muscle of his arm felt tense beneath Dean’s hand.
Sighing Dean rubbed at the bridge of his nose. “Fine, fine.” He huffed. “I get your damn point, you saint.” Before he could make another retort, Abby from behind the counter shouted out.
“Claritin Clear?” He furrowed his brow, looking up to his brother from where he was crouched.
? Cas whispered.
—and smiles. In this same moment, he realizes that he has never known hunger. Not truly. For everything he has ever hungered for, Dean has granted him. Free Will.
When Dean was on the aching side of forty, he watched Castiel hold their four-year-old son to the blooming sunflowers he kept in the backyard. Cas had been enchanted by the
Castiel kept their assumptions to themselves. They did not wish to lessen Ananiel’s view of them. Their Garrison Captain had humored them enough with their lack of understanding. They were still young. Perhaps with age, Castiel would know. For now, they would wait with the hope of understanding one day.
Marissa's lips quivered. "We didn't even need to eat human hearts. I didn’t
“Totally, dude.” Shaggy agreed. “Freddy
cherry-pick his words for
“Hey, Cas,” Jack’s voice tilted with the question, drawing Dean’s curiosity as he peered from the corner of his eye. “What’s that on your jaw?”
the Bunker? Moved somewhere else
would be tall enough to hold Sammy up to the flower petals. He looked forward to that.
“What?” Dean bit back defensively, placing Baby into park. “We’ve got resources; we should use them. Even if she is the Queen of Hell.” He retorted. “Isn’t that the whole point of your Hunter’s Network?”
. That is when you are allowed to touch this divine
any possible ghosts.”
Dean paused in his movements, watching as Sam poured the drinks from the soda fountain. He nodded slowly. “That’s right. How’dja know that?”
Sam’s wide-eyed gaze was there in one moment and gone in the next glimpse of street light filtering through the window. “Yeah, the ice cream shack. Remember it had the lobster on it?”
human soul, can be an anchoring point for angels on Earth.”
Sam and Dean shared a significant look. That was one hell of a lead. “Who owns the land?” Sam turned in his seat, folding his hands on his lap with care.
, Cas’s tendrils crept along to Dean’s entrance, causing him to inhale sharply at surprise. Slick feathers licked along his skin, pulling him away from the simulacrum of the bed. There were large forms, numerous hands, and eyes following him as he was drawn further and further into Cas’ large form.
“And I told you ain’t nothin’ funky ever happen in my kitchen,” Dean argued playfully, flipping another pancake and shooting his brother a glare over his shoulder that was defeated by the grin tugging at his cheeks.
force was working in the universe now that the damn college kids were at home studying. Or away partying. Or wherever put them out of his way. The road was dark and the lights all tinted with red in Dean’s vision.
Slipping his hand away from the center of the wolf, Dean fumbled for the handle of his knife. He could feel the wet, warmth of the werewolf's jaw inching closer as he lost ground with this fight. The knife’s handle was at his fingertips and suddenly a thundering gunshot paused both Dean and the werewolf on top of him.
Sam’s bitchface strengthened, a sharp inhale coming from him as he shook his head. “You just don’t get it, do you? Cas
—when he was mad at the bastard.
bastard when he wanted to be, and Dean loved him for it. Leaning forward, Dean kissed the shell of Cas’ ears before returning to his pancake making.
“Yanno, your true form or whatever,” he spoke gruffly. “What’s it, uh... what’s it look like?” Dean’s eyes turned from the screen to Cas.
“And we can go get ice cream.” Dean watched as Pine and 3rd flickered closer. He set his jaw into place. “We’re coming.” He spared Sam a glance. “Keep him on the phone.”
Jack’s feet swung excitedly, and Dean could imagine his eyes widening beneath his sunglasses. “Dee!” He reached out with his hands, one clasping the juice box tightly.
Feeling flustered, Cas turned to look at the screen in front of them. “At the time, you were not open to such inhuman creatures.”
Pursing his lips and averting his gaze, Cas nodded. “I see.” He spoke gently before pushing himself up to stand.
of the kitchen, Dean?”
the one who told me that you wiped my memories of you carrying me topside.”
“Sure,” Dean nodded, pointing his own flashlight toward the group of trees on the right. “Witches? Witch killing bullets. Ghosts? Salt-and-burn. Simple things; simple hunts.” He sighed, “but a werewolf? Trust me, Sammy, I’m getting too old to wrestle that shit.”
“Oh, this?” Sam grinned. “This is something they call the
to approve of us heading out there if we’re pretendin’ to be official. You know we don’t
Dean liked it. That didn’t make much sense to Dean, but what
With a flash of starfire, Dean’s bones felt too confining, his skin too tight, and Cas grazed across him—
Cassie’s hands drew around his waist from behind him. Humming into his neck, Cassie drew him backward with her. He thought about it in an absent sense, walking away from the sunflowers.
—young and carefree in a kind world. A paradise.
. And you pour out your devotion in supplication there on your knees and you ache in a way that has never been possible for you before. You are so
“Never took you for a Mary-Kate and Ashley fan, Sammy.” Dean grinned, watching the sunflowers swaying in the breeze from the corner of his eye.
. It wasn’t the first time someone had done that though, was it? Not with Cain waxing poetic about how Dean was living his life backward. He wasn’t stupid enough to miss how Collette lined up with Cas. Maybe just too numb to take a note of it at the time. And every other moment before and after and up until now it’s always been Dean and Cas. Cas and Dean. Except they’ve never been
a messy eater.
And he does. That’s what paradise is, isn’t it? The freedom to have your peace from speaking your truth? The peace to have your freedom? Both come hand in hand with humanity, human experiences, Cas has often found. Often wanted.
“Cas,” Dean grunted, forcefully redialing Cas’ number as the edge of the woods came into view. “He got a call from Marissa. Guess she thought that bite was a reaction to poison ivy or some shit.”
He’s starving, really.
Once they had stepped out of the apartment complex, the humid weather hit Dean like a sack of wet potatoes. He grimaced, taking the steps as quickly as he could. Sam was a step behind him, silent in his pondering.
“It’s just,” Dean started softly, “you know how I get.” He shrugged, idly drumming to a song that was no longer playing. “When he’s gone.”
“Yeah? Well, I didn’t
Dean huffed a laugh. “What? You’re telling me you didn’t go watch the cinematic masterpiece known as
Furrowing his brow, Castiel placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder. “What is it?” He asked softly. Had already there begun a war to fight? Was there no time for rest as Heaven had been recrafted and Humanity given their Free Will?
The first time Castiel feels hunger, he is standing beside the ocean.
Dean landed with a solid
“Dean,” Cas pleads, helpless to the want that drowns him. He thinks of Kelly by the ocean, ankles swallowed by the surf. His hands chase Dean’s face as Dean continues an onslaught along his neck, deft fingers unbuttoning Cas’ shirt one by torturous one.
Inhaling sharply, Dean wondered if this was it. If this was his East. Watching a smiling Jack and Cas whispering about sunflowers that—while not the tallest or the smallest—were a halo of colors. Two colors that came together, that never faded, that bloomed to life in this tiny garden he called home. He was a dark heart and a bright halo, smiling toward the bright, white sunlight of a gummy smile and clapping hands.
Cas not to go. Not to say
juice boxes,” he reprimanded.
Looking rather sheepish, James removed his phone from his pocket. He attempted to wake the phone by clicking the button on the side, trying thrice before Dean could see that the phone wouldn’t wake up. He rolled his eyes at the sheer incompetence of the public defense attorney. How could Sammy handle it? Didn’t his
But God made humanity this way, didn’t he? Made them hungry. He
“Yes, Dean.” Cas offered a half-smile, something he knew that humans felt more comfortable seeing stretched across his inhuman face. “Good night.”
“True,” Cas conceded, “I suppose a more accurate term would be that it happened in neither this plane nor the next, but a small space in between where your soul and mine meet.”
Cas flushed at the praise. A rumbling laugh escaped from his chest. Finishing tracing the letters in Enochian, Cas kissed his punctuation of the statement into Dean’s skin. “You are, too.”
Then again, Sam had always been larger than life. Tall and proud.
like it, or maybe he just thought Dean was hungry with how he was scarfing things down. Jack was decidedly less messy sitting on Cas’ lap, laughing over his little apple slices that came with the meal.
van? Like, what the hell? Fred has to take
Dean laid down, sighing as his back hit the memory-foam mattress. “I don’t gotta be worried about your body over there, do I?”
The stranger grinned, taking a cloth in his hand to dab at the sweat beading on his forehead. “I’m James C. Clare. I’m Miss Marissa Clayton’s court-appointed attorney.”
Cas exhaled a laugh, resting his head atop Jack’s. “The Chinese valued the honeysuckle for its healing properties. It can be a cooling herb to remove toxins.”
. It was something Castiel was beginning to grow accustomed to.
from it. Like a pagan god. That this holy creature should kneel before your high-built stone walls and parapets and offer his flesh and blood for you. He burns his incense and it smells like honey. His eyes glow with rapture and you feel yourself succumbing and you want to reach out and touch but it’s only when his porcelain face is ruined - painted with your own damnation in the form of his blood.
“Cas,” his name felt ripped from Dean’s throat. It felt desperate. Just as desperate as he had felt in that fucking dungeon months ago.
There was an odd movement to Cas’ shoulders that Shaggy couldn’t place. It seemed Scooby was more insightful since he looked on rather pityingly. “Dean is…
So he walks the Bunker alone. He lets the cool air bite into his skin. It distracts from the growling of his stomach. He hungers for laughter. Hungers for a smile. The taste of whiskey on the rim of a glass that he slowly sips while he sits beside his best friend.
, certainly, that Dean should pass so young and not see his peace out on Earth. It was almost
Humanity, God’s favorite Creation. He would continue to do so besides the Winchester brothers.
—had thrown at them and use it to
the weight of the werewolf pressing him into the wet soil. His gun was lost as soon as his arm made solid contact with the ground. He cursed aloud, pressing his hands into the shoulders of the beast to keep its gaping maw away from his body.
The motion caused Dean to tense, prodding him to cock the handgun in his grip. “What the hell are you talking about, Marissa?”
Cas rolled his eyes, wiping at the corner of Jack’s mouth. “If that’s the
shit either besides from that blood-curdling ringing.”
Dean winced, watching as Sam’s eyes widened dramatically. Such was the drawback of Jack having lived his first four years looking decidedly
Castiel sets to work. Determined, cold, and
. It is tender worship he grants you. Gifts you.
s. “It’s like Shrek.” He teased his brother, elbowing Sam who only rolled his eyes in return.
“Doherty,” Sam corrected thinly, raising an unimpressed brow to James.
Sam and Cas opened their doors nearly in sync with one another. Sam settled easily into the passenger seat as Cas ducked into the car, buckling Jack into his own seat. Dean watched over the hood of the car until Cas’ head peered up to meet his gaze. Once confronted with Cas’ soft smile, Dean averted his gaze, falling into the driver’s seat.
what sort of god you were. You are a god of blood and
- the
“I’ll make sure he gets it,” he promised. “Thank you for your help, Marissa.”
“I’m working on—” Sam cut himself off with a resounding
Ananiel offered a smile, eyes kept to the small hospital room. “They are God’s greatest Creation.”
Castiel would have to choose a vessel. He had not taken a vessel in a long time. His orders were always to remain close to Heaven. He could only remember small parts of Humanity, of walking among them. Such was his duty in Heaven.
There was no response in his head, no purr or thrum. Heart racing momentarily, Dean tried reaching out in the dark again as his eyes adjusted to this new space. “
“What about Brad, huh?” Dean could feel the headache coming on from grinding his teeth so finely together. “Thought you were
, all you have left is wonder and
Cas sighed, eyes fluttering closed and Dean couldn’t help but to follow the motion. Cas’ hands, warm and comforting, pulled at his shirt and drug it up along his skin and over his head. Dean sometimes wondered about Cas’ hands in his mind’s wanderings. The handprint Cas left on his skin was that of a man—not unearthly or unfathomable in its shape at all. Dean couldn’t
Sam hung up the phone, nodding to Dean and readying his gun. With a short inhale, Dean held his breath and put his weight into a kick at the door. The handle and wood flew, breaking apart under the weight, and Dean pushed further into the apartment. Sam was right at his heels.
“The other guy,” she started, “the one who was in here with the toddler,” Marissa explained. Her eyebrow quirked, the first vision of humor on her face she had had since the interview started after Cas carried Jack out of the room.
myself to this harbor, as it were.” He raised that dominating brow. “Even as unintentional as it was at the time, I don’t regret that. I couldn’t.” The sharpness in his eyes dulled, grace-fire dimming as he whispered. “I could only regret that which would harm you.”
,” Dean exhaled shakily. This was something he had thought of too. Something that occurred to him mostly when Cas was weak or dying. Would he be willing to be Cas’ vessel? Hold his angel? Cas was probably the only angel Dean would ever say
need her permission, right?”
—Dean hurriedly reached for their soda to wash it down. He glared at Sam, flickering his eyes quickly to Cas who seemed much too preoccupied with washing Jack up to notice Sam’s comment. Sam’s eyebrows danced up his forehead in amusement, cheeks tickled pink with the laughter he was holding back.
“Dean,” Sam called for him, causing him to look over from his gun. “We told James where Marissa lived.”
happy about it.” He huffed. “Real happy about me leeching off of his grace.”
“As are you,” Cas said quickly and quietly into the intimate space of their bedroom. “I am… happy to be here with you, Dean.” His voice trembled, causing Dean to tighten his hold further.
Leaning back in his seat and closing his eyes, Dean ran a hand over his face. “Good. That’s good,” he answered, and he meant it. He felt fingers intertwine with his own and looked to Cas in surprise. Almost naturally, Dean squeezed his grip on Cas’ hand.
“Right,” Marissa waved off the repeated explanation. She finally seemed calm, or at least as calm as she could be. Maybe she had shed all the tears she could. Her body failing her, shriveling dry after it had expunged all of its tears. That Dean knew too well. Hell, maybe that’s why he couldn’t deal with the witnesses. Sometimes they were too close to his own grief.
That seemed to give Castiel pause. He hummed, turning to look at Scoob who had totally stopped to watch the conversation. Castiel turned that all-seeing and comforting gaze to Shaggy with a smile. “Yes, you may. I have no preference if you wish to call me Castiel or…
“Usually wendigos like dank spaces,” Sam commented. It was the same thing that had been haunting Dean’s thoughts too.
sense burn at this sort of bumbling?
Even if Cas wasn’t an angel anymore. Even if he wasn’t his. Or, well maybe Cas
Sam was silent for a moment, causing Dean to look at him with concern. It wasn’t often that Sam was quiet, but when he was it was always a contemplative silence. “I didn’t know that.” He spoke softly.
,” Dean moaned, reaching out for one of Cas’ rings on reflex. His hand grasped at one of the turning rings, felt the stirring pause as he held it there before the ring morphed completely. It became something like a smoke cloud and Dean could no longer hold it.
Sam rolled his eyes again, huffing with a shrug of his shoulders. “Sure, Dean. And then we watched
Dean swallowed thickly to clear his throat. “Yeah, buddy,” he promised. “I’m coming to take you home. We’re gonna stop at that ice cream shack.” Dean flickered his gaze to Sam, “tell him about the ice cream shack.”
Sam was always stronger in that sense. He could take everything the world—that
“What if one does prefer the… name that has been nicked?” Castiel looked to Scooby and Shaggy, his eyes looked totally blue under the mansion’s candlelights. “I sometimes feel as if… Castiel is no longer who I am. But…
So you tell him,
to.” Marissa clenched her jaw, hiding the tell-tale signs of her oncoming transformation. “Haley said she just wanted a summer weekend of human hearts—just to try it—and then we'd be done. I could be done! But she… she killed Brad.” Another sob wrecked through her before she attempted to regain her composure, shaking her head. “Then the attorney came over. I got so worked up that I… I accidentally bit him. Haley said she’d take care of it. She'd take care of me.” An empty, hollow gaze turned to Dean, boring its way into his soul.
happens in your head, it can happen downstairs too.”
sending that douche any pictures, right?”
that Dean wanted. Always consumed by flames. Recognized that look from when he’d taken a needle to the chest with the hopes that—
—might’ve been enough. Cas fluttered from behind the glacier gaze, grace-spark glistening for a moment. The olive branch, the effort to
, Dean,” Sam argued. “This doesn’t make you a…  a
“Who is Moira?” Cas asked, pushing the rest of his half of the
. That’s why you couldn’t touch him. His blood isn’t coating your hands. His body hasn’t spilled so that you could break that unspoken barrier.
“You wouldn’t have remembered.” Dean shrugged, stepping onto the witness’ walkway to begin making their way up to the door. “These are a bit taller than hers were. But then again, everything seemed taller then.”
with them!” He huffed in his own defense. “I’m just sayin’ gettin’ to first base with Daphne Blake was my dream as a kid.”
in this place, but his entire being felt
“I need you to tell me everything you can remember,” Sam spoke in a hushed tone, hands clasping one another in his lap where he sat across from her.
“Do you...” Cas began slowly, “do you not remember?”
“Daddy and Poppa sittin’ in a tree!” Jack sang, giggling as he smushed their heads together.
. They were named that because they were like golden suns. Dean thought the sun
“And Haley,” Sam pointed with his chin, causing Dean to look over at his shoulder. Where there had once been a large, Alpha wolf was now a young woman with bloody, blonde hair. Dean thought about the sunny smile and the side hug framed on Marissa’s shelf and he grimaced. She hadn’t been much older than Marissa. Who wasn’t much older than Claire. God,
“Brad,” her laugh was wobbly, “He asked Haley to help him pick out the campsite. That’s why she was with us, as our guide. Locals know the land better than anyone.” She chucked. “I think he was gonna propose. He—” Marissa cried, “we had all these plans. He was gonna be a vet. No one knew animals like he did.” Looking to the crumpled kleenex in her hand, Marissa spoke in a shaking voice. “If it had been me instead of him, he might’ve been able to help you.”
“Dude, look!” Dean grinned during another part of his life, pointing at some old lady’s front garden full of
“Cas!” Dean cries and even his tears are the seasoning for Castiel’s meal. And Castiel
and tearful blue eyes and—
,” Dean mocked under his breath. “Fine. We’ll call and set up the interview while you’re phoning Rowena.” He huffed, turning to flick the one laptop open. “Let’s just get going. If I have to spend another night in Florida heat with
“What’s that?” Cas asked as Sam pulled out the third burger and set it in the middle of the table. He’d already started sprucing up his salad before Cas’ question caught him.
“Why?” Dean’s voice was rougher than he had meant it, but Sam didn’t look surprised by his tone. “Cas has been in our lives for longer than Chuck ever was.” He snorted a laugh, fiddling with the napkin holder that was advertising some film festival. “Or, well… you know what I mean.”
that Dean could recognize on Cas in any form.
, Castiel considered. That Dean Winchester would not allow himself to be viewed as vulnerable. He had been charged to watch over his brother much like Castiel had been charged with watching over Dean. It was…
It continued like this. Castiel was in Heaven, staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. The blue eyes contained within his body reminded him of the river not far from the cabin. The lines on his face reminded him of crow’s feet as he smiled. The hair atop his head was askew from a good night’s rest before, sleeping heavily with content in a large room on a large bed.
“Rhat’s re.” Scooby pointed to himself, grinning before he looked to Shaggy. “Raggy’s ras ramed Roville.”
“So a witch’s ghost?” Dean huffed a laugh. When Sam only looked at him in confusion, Dean elaborated. “Like the Scooby-Doo movie? With Tim Curry?”
? The only person Dean had ever prayed to—ever prayed to or for and
Cas raised a brow, pointedly looking at the empty slot on the four-cup carrying cardboard, but thankfully let it go. Dean felt his ears heat. How the hell
The third time Castiel feels hunger, he has retreated to his favorite Paradise.
to drive the
He had moments on some days where he looked like the Jack that held God-Grace. All-knowing and all-encompassing. Intimidating and terrifying and soothing. Jack twisted his hands together, looking at his chubby little fingers.
Sam sighed, his towering frame blocking the side of Dean’s face when he fell into step beside him on the sidewalk. “I doubt it. They’d still need somewhere to hide out during the day. The sun out here is terrible.”
” Cas says sharply, breathlessly.
Then it continued in a motel. The year is 2018 and this is where the End begins. Castiel had not wanted to stay beside his brethren as they let Lucifer rise to destroy Humanity. They had been commanded to
,” Dean hissed when Cas’ tendrils of grace began slowly, achingly burning their way into him. “You—
“Man, I think you’re like, selling Fred short, dude.” Shaggy frowned. “Freddy is awesome. He drives the
Sam swallowed, eyes flickering like a computer readout. “Right, when… when you and Brad made your way away from the campsite, which way did you go?” He pressed gently. “If… if we know the direction we might be able to find out where it’s nesting.”
Groaning as his boot squelched in the mud, Dean turned his grimace to Sam. “Why couldn’t it have been a witch?”
“Moira Doherty,” Sam explained, all sense of humor washing away to reveal business. “She owns the land that Marissa and her friends were camping out on.”
Maybe it’s because your unholy hands could never touch something so divine unless bathed in its blood. Like red wine cleansing the body’s sins. You’ve heard wine is good for that. Some God-follower interpreted it and some doctor agreed with it.
“Have fun,” Dean quipped, lips tugging up in a smile that felt unreal. Sam looked betrayed by Dean’s lack of response. Keeping his eyes locked with Cas, Dean licked his lips. “We’ll see you when you get
“Dead.” Jack nodded as that bittersweet smile remained. “Yes. He’s at the Roadhouse with Bobby Singer now.”
or whatever they call it nowadays with Fred, we coulda---”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas whispered. His tie had been discarded. Was he wearing it when he came into the bedroom? The rough scrap of his beard helped Dean’s grounding. Blinking slowly, Dean could make out the familiar shapes of their bedroom ceiling.
Shaggy snapped his fingers excitedly. “Totally! Because Fred
Suddenly, Castiel heard a faint voice. It was quieter than a songbird’s first tune but thrice as precious. Dean Winchester’s voice called out, a silent prayer, a calling of longing. Castiel’s eyes widened and yet Jack looked as if he had been expecting this.
