John is relieved and proud that he makes it as far as he does—but just before they reach the bed, he hits his breaking point, and his legs give out completely.
"Not at all." John finally locks eyes with him. "But I worry about what that knowledge may do to me."
It's as good an answer as any.
“And did you say it back?”
John sets the items on the bedside table. “I’ll leave them here. Get some rest, yeah? See you in the morning.”
"Because…” Sherlock lowers his head, remembering a scripture that once sat in a frame atop his grandmother's desk. “Because he is the one my soul loves.”
There’s a knock at the door.
“Attorney?” the say in unison, both of them caught off guard.
"No, no, I'm fine," Sherlock says. But Sherlock is not fine. He could barely contain himself when John's allure was simply doctor, soldier, and world's best human. And now, come to find out, he's an accomplished musician as well? Nevertheless, he steers the topic forwards. "What was your grandmother's name?" he asks.
But he will not be going to The Strand tonight. That’s one thing he does know. He’s been over it so many times with himself that the words spin around in his head like a mantra.
John hasn't taken his eyes off of him for a moment. The fluttering in Sherlock's stomach comes and goes as often as John's gaze lingers. But if John's attention briefly wanders elsewhere, Sherlock instantly finds himself fighting to take it back. Or when John leans forwards to pick up his glass of wine, Sherlock tries to predict, based on John's posture and the relative angle of his arm, whether his elbow will brush up against his leg. And when John opens his mouth to speak, he tries to predict, based on the width of his smile and the depth of his breath, whether he'll tell him again how nice he looks.
Sarah turns the music down, and the next few minutes are filled with the details of the past few months of her life.
Sherlock's arms are suddenly at John's waist, and he's pulling him in, kissing him earnestly in return.
"Hmm?"
"Yes. I mean, no. You started it."
John Watson has never been much with a flair for the dramatic—but he’s quite certain that he’s doomed, and that there’s nothing he can do about it, and he blames William entirely.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Really? Isn’t it obvious, John? I’m gay.”
“But who imagines these...universes?” John asks as a glowing meteorite soars across the sky. It dissolves into the atmosphere so quickly that John isn’t completely certain it was there.
Sherlock tugs at his sleeve, smiling impishly. "It's a surprise. Just trust me, alright?"
"I've never actually been to Italy. Have you?"
Sherlock sighs again—definitely frustration this time. “Right. Your head got all rattled. Come here.” He leans forwards to whisper something into John’s ear.
“Agreed.”
The second murder occurred a bit over one month later: Akshaya Carmen, a thirty year-old school teacher with a similarly clean history. Like Natale, she died of asphyxiation, with trace amounts of cyanide on her lips.
I’ve put so much of my soul into this story, and by reading this, you’re allowing me to share my soul with you as well. That’s not an easy thing to do, but it begins to sum up how meaningful it is that you’re here.
"That we’re kissing!" John and Sherlock exclaim in unison.
Her name is Heather, and she’s a year his senior, and she has light hair and freckled skin and lip gloss that tastes like orange sherbet.
"What?" he asks wearily.
As they kiss, Gabriela softly guides her back towards the sofa. Sarah obediently sinks down, rests backwards onto her elbows, and spreads her legs open, showing off her perfect pink wetness.
John thinks. There's no way he can't give in.
John grips firmly at Sherlock’s hips, and he lightly digs his nails into his flesh. Sherlock groans lowly and backs himself up into him, forcing him to go more deeply, until he brushes against his prostate. “John,” Sherlock sighs. “Deeper. Deeper, oh god,” and John skilfully and relentlessly pumps into him. “Yes, like that. Christ, John, you’re so deep, deeper than anyone has ever been before, oh God—“
Stamford grins. “You got it.”
“Guess the whole secret identity thing takes it all out of him,” Mary jokes. “But...he had a good reason for telling me. I wanted to see you again to apologise, but he asked me to stay away from you. It took a bit of convincing. When I could see how he felt about you, though, it all made sense.”
Sent ✓
"Take your time." John sinks his head back down into Sherlock's neck and brushes his lips against his skin. "You're doing amazing."
Sherlock takes another swing at him. But Moriarty quickly catches him by the wrist and shoulder, spins him forwards, and pins him against himself with his arms.
"No." John winds his fingertips through Sherlock's curls and tugs his head back downwards until their lips are aligned. "I like it, too."
thing you missed, however.”
“No. So it’s probably better if you just tell me.”
"Your legs, now," Sherlock reminds him.
John's eyes fall below Sherlock's neck. His shirt hangs off one shoulder, unbuttoned, exposing the smooth glow of his skin and the collarbone that peeks out above it. John can’t stop himself; he releases Sherlock’s chin, tracing the collarbone with his fingertip, dragging it up to his neck and back to his jawline.
He smashes a bunch of random numbers on the keypad, hoping his message will get deleted, and he slams his phone down. It doesn’t work, but that's fine. He doesn’t even remember leaving it until weeks later.
"What a question," he sighs, glancing down at their hands on the table top. "I wish I could answer it. But the only answer I've got at the moment is...I don't know."
“And you read the card.”
Lestrade stands next to an intricately-constructed dungeon, jam doughnut in hand. His eyes shift in confusion. "Just wondering when you’re going to sign those documents for me."
A shiver runs through Sherlock's body at the sensation of John's hands on him. It's like nothing he's ever felt. John is warm. John is soft. John is safe.
end." Sherlock's voice trembles with desperation. "I will jump, and it will be over. You will be safe. And Molly will be safe, and Irene, and Lestrade, and Mycroft."
Sherlock purses his lips. “I don’t think it’s possible. You’re very stubborn, you know.”
of them?"
John stops scrubbing. He decides his effort to remove the stain is pointless, so he tosses his shirt on the sink and spins to face William.
Molly, who is lying down a few inches away, turns over on her side to face him. “Do you know you’re saying these things out loud, Sherlock?” she asks sweetly.
John downs the rest of his Old Fashioned, and they head out the door into the frosty mid-afternoon air. Hand-in-hand, they race down the snow-covered roads.
“—did I tell Mycroft otherwise? To convince him to stop meddling. For now, at least.”
nice tonight, and then ogled me for a prolonged period of time. -SH
He takes both of her hands into his, looking her in the eye with unbridled gratitude. “No words can express how grateful I am.” He places a quick kiss onto the back of her hand. “Thank you. I will never forget this.”
Sherlock blinks at him, then at John.
The lack of recognition causes Sherlock to worry that there has been an error. Is it possible he was misinformed, or that Brook changed his mind?
"Isn't it?"
The wooden piece moves quickly this time. Sherlock’s innate response is to duck down—and of course, to cover his pretty face.
"It’s an email,” John concludes. “From a potential client.”
He keeps their fingers close as they come to a fire escape, and as he pulls the staircase down, and as they ascend the stairs to the topmost storey of the building. And he keeps them close as they jump off the ladder and onto the rooftop, and as they go near the edge, to observe a sprawling view of London.
“Yes." Sherlock stops breathing, which means he should probably call the paramedics, but whatever. "Yes. That.”
“Thanks. See you later.”
And Sherlock can't help but wonder: what will be their next first kiss? Paris, in front of the Eiffel tower? A white sandy beach in Bali? On Christmas morning, beneath the mistletoe? Or will it be something else entirely?
He opens the bedroom door to find John sleeping peacefully. It's such a comfort to see him there, he realises. He knows, on an intellectual level, that John would never leave—but he still has trouble believing it.
Sent ✓
Sherlock is still frowning. “Why does it bother you so? The fact that I’ve never been kissed?”
“Sarah Sawyer. Gabriela's girlfriend,” he explains. “They’ve got an open relationship.”
But the sun always rises.
He wants to tell Sherlock how happy he is right now. And that Sherlock looks happy as well. He hopes they both remember this happiness tomorrow.
With that, John bursts into laughter, and Sherlock forgets that he's annoyed with him. "That's true. Alright, then. My turn. What am I thinking of?"
John smiles at him fondly, bringing his hand to the side of his face, tracing his finger over his jawline. Sherlock loves when John looks at him like that. And he loves when John leans in to kiss him softly. And he loves John, too, more than he ever thought he could love anyone.
Dear John.
Mycroft performs an odd twirling motion with his umbrella before setting the tip of it back on to the floor. “I came here to ensure a smooth departure for you. And offer you a ride back to Baker Street.”
"Profoundly high," Donovan iterates.
John watches Sherlock leave, and he makes his way to the sofa so he can plop himself down and wallow in self pity. He stares wistfully at the closed door of their flat—pining for Sherlock, and pining for adventure.
John’s eyes widen, and he jolts upwards. He presses his earbuds deeper into his ears to listen.
Sherlock looks at him, puzzled. “You’re not angry?”
“Incredible,” she breathes. “Good god, Miss Gomez, you can fuck. But now that your tongue has made me come more times than I can count, I’ve got to ask you something. Did you think I wouldn’t notice the microphone behind your ear?”
"Jesus, Sherlock."
"John. Bottle." Sherlock nods towards the pocket on the side of John's wheelchair.
Sherlock is highly amused and highly riled by John's ongoing tantrum. Partially because he enjoys the emphatic sniffing sound John makes when he becomes angry. And partially because it's the most entertaining exchange they've had in days.
Tucked away in their usual corner, their time at Angelo's provides the two of them their most intimate moments. Never a lull in conversation, no frenzied house guests competing for their attention. Sherlock looking at him from across the table with fondness, as though he's the only other person in the restaurant—or maybe even the world.
“Ooooh,” Donovan teases. “Look who’s suddenly a believer.”
Sherlock pauses—true to form, noticeably shocked by John’s approval.
”John.” William’s voice remains hushed, but he regards him with an alarming intensity, his eyes sparkling like gemstones. “Please tell me the truth. Why did you come here tonight?”
John's gaze burns into Sherlock, creeping up his neck and setting his cranium ablaze, which leads him to deduce even faster than usual. Meanwhile, he wonders how he can miss John's lips so greatly—lips that he's only NOT been kissing for an hour.
“To book an appointment with The Woman,” Sarah reads aloud, “...call 702-555-2344.”
Sherlock leans into him with all of his weight, whining with displeasure. Yet John still stands there, arms crossed, wearing that dull, arrogant (captivating, charming???) grin on his face.
Gingerly, John tucks his hand beneath Sherlock’s chin, tilting it upwards so their eyes meet. “I don’t need you to.”
“—be my boyfriend! Aha!” The words finally make their way out, though Sherlock notices that his eyes are beginning to grow wet.
Sherlock circles his arms around him, pinning him back onto the couch. He seals their lips together once more, hoping the message is clear. Somehow, this kiss is different from the first. It's slower, lazier, warmer, steadier. Warm and steady, like John.
“Yeah?”
John feels dizzy; he wonders if he’s stopped breathing. He doesn’t know how to feel about a single word William has just spoken—so as he turns the door handle, he takes a deep breath, and he simply feels nothing.
“Yes." Sherlock turns to his side, gazing over at him, and it feels as though they're floating beneath a cloud of giddiness. "Though it had far more benefits than I predicted.”
John nods, looking up at her with sincerity. “Onto my next question, then.” He takes her hands into his. “Molly, please. Tell me. What is Sherlock running from?”
Sherlock shrugs. “I have. It's not my fault that you don't listen half the time I'm speaking to you."
That's good enough for now.
Moriarty flashes his teeth with amusement. “What I have described as madness, you have just described as death. And look at us, facing the consequences of our poor decisions here, together. We are truly are alike, Sherlock, are we not?”
He's got so much to lose. What he has with Sherlock is singular and worth keeping. He would give it up for nothing. Well, not
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wow! Same here.” Sherlock blows out a breath of air. “Anyway, I’m starving, and the bag of crisps in the kitchen is calling out to me.” He hops up from the floor. “Quite an impressive trick, though, I must admit.” He tilts his head to observe the area. “So how did you do it, Hudders?”
He wants to ask Sherlock if he knows how loved he is. Because although his life may have been filled with people telling him differently, those people know nothing about him. If they knew him like John does, they would love him too.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock’s chest clenches, and he can't resist the urge wrap his arms around John’s waist, pulling him in for a tight embrace. "Nobody has ever told their family about me before."
“Mary.” John surges forward and wraps his arms around her shoulders. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
"Right. Well. I suppose I could go shower.” John sits up, moves to the edge of the bed, and leans down to collect his clothing.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” John turns to leave.
“Greg Lestrade, darling.”
It’s difficult, sometimes, for John to convince himself that it’s not real. That with every kiss, he won't be kissing Sherlock until they're old. That they won't always hold hands and call one another beautiful. That every climax doesn’t bring pleasure and pain all at once.
“Unless your plan is to set the place on fire,” Anderson adds. He’s more than half-joking.
. This isn't sixteenth century, Sherlock!”
John is learning that saying goodbye to Sherlock doesn’t get any easier.
“We'll take you there," Lestrade says, "but before we leave you alone, we need to go over a few important matters."
“Ohhhh,” Moriarty groans, rolling his eyes incredulously. “You are absolutely right. I’ve really bollixed this one up, haven’t I?” He lets out a long, brooding sigh. “Guess there will have to be a change of plans.”
“My brother is the same,” Sherlock says. “He’s always said that the universe is rarely lazy. Although he is quite lazy himself, so—”
"And what about my friends?" John asks. "Gabriela? Sarah? Mike?"
He isn't quite sure how long this goes on; John's arms around his shoulders bring him back to Earth. He wordlessly readjusts himself, gets to his own knees and wraps them around Sherlock's hips so that he's straddling him. He aligns himself with Sherlock's cock and lowers his body carefully, taking Sherlock in until he’s fully seated.
“I’m going to solve it.“ Sherlock slowly and seductively inches closer. “In under. one. minute."
On and off, I feel his eyes, paralysing me as though he’s some snake-headed she-devil. Do you suppose he’s plotting my death? -SH
"Time for sleep?" John asks.
Sherlock twitches out of his trance, his hand flying up to swat the side of his face as though a fly has landed there.
John nods, though Lestrade’s answer does very little to alleviate his anxiety. Sherlock, observant as ever, wraps his arm around his shoulder for comfort. John lays his head on his chest, and they ride the rest of the way in silence.
"There is another option, you know." He lifts a hand to Sherlock's head, twirling a curl between his fingers. "Think about it."
“Sherlock?” he mumbles. “Is everything alright?”
Finally, a song comes on that Gabriela loves, and she jumps up, inviting Sarah to dance with her.
Molly glances over at Donovan. “Sally. You mentioned you’ve done something like this before with your grandmother. Is what just happened...normal?”
love," John proclaims. "A love I've been waiting a lifetime to find. It's the greatest love I've ever known, and we don't even get to tell others, because they knew first!" He shakes his head with discontent. "It's monumental to us, Sherlock, and our closest friends can't even celebrate it! Don't you find it a bit disappointing?"
clear to the regular people,” he reminds him. “We’re all a bit slower than you.”
Sherlock spins John's chair back towards himself. "Maybe don't get thrown from buildings."
He has already theorised, based on circumstantial evidence from the past two weeks, how much John loves kissing him (a lot); however, he was not quite prepared for how much John loves kissing him after he's solved a case (
“It isn’t me that he wants, John. Please. Will you go?”
Sure, John seems calm and collected at the moment, but Sherlock once again observes otherwise. The leaping pulse. His neck, glistening with sweat. His hands splayed over his lap, working very hard to hide the fact that he’s becoming aroused.
John would respond if he could, but Molly’s arms are now squeezing his neck and cutting off his vocal cords and windpipes. And he can’t tell if it’s the emotion or lack of oxygen, but he begins to feel himself becoming teary-eyed as well.
“Card. Sort of. Sensational.”
Sherlock scowls. "I don't need luck," he states, continuing his task. “However, there is one final thing before you go—“
“Also none of your god-damned business.” John glares at the man, hoping he spills the entire glass of water on his ridiculously pristine shirt.
This, though—this was the most intimate encounter he’s ever had. And after something like this, what’s next? Does one keep in touch—or move on? He has no idea how to contact William, anyway. He supposes he could call The Strand, but wouldn’t that be a bit presumptuous? Or would it be worse to ignore him and move on as if nothing happened?
“Irene, love.” Gabriela squeezes her hand. “It’s going to be okay.”
: Donovan, Anderson (with each other)
And at some point soon after, Gabriela's got her legs wrapped around Sarah’s waist, pinning her to the sofa, and their tongues and hips slide together as John watches, his hand resting over the zip of his trousers.
John's lips part, and William tilts the glass, carefully pouring the drink into his mouth. John swallows it down, and it's exactly as delicious as he imagined it would be.
“I wasn’t actually referring to them.” Her eyes shift towards William. “I spend most evenings with the most brilliant person I’ve ever met. Something he never fails to remind me of, by the way.”
Sherlock grumbles something under his breath, but John suddenly can’t hear anything at all.
John's probably seen this door dozens of times, but never really thought twice of it. It seems normal enough; if anything, it likely leads to a broom closet or storage area.
"They're safe," Mycroft promises him. "And they know you are as well."
As Sherlock watches him, he’s pretty sure he’s wearing the most ridiculous grin he’s ever worn in his life, but he doesn’t care, because he’s
John, John, John. Why is it all he thinks about? From the moment John smiles at him and says good morning—with that oddly beautiful bit of scruff growing on his chin—to the moment they drift off at night.
He lays his head onto the pillow and stares at the ceiling, revisiting intimate images and feelings from a few hours ago. As he does, his stomach churns with regret.
“Nonsense. I've seen the nurses do it plenty of times—I'll just tuck my arms in and scoop you up."
John makes a low, surprised moan deep in his throat, but inhales into the kiss, wrapping both arms around Sherlock's waist in a manner that's deliciously possessive.
A wave of heat passes through his body at the fleeting memory.
Sherlock’s eyes fall closed as he shivers with anticipation. “John—“ he whispers.
"How do you do that, John?" he asks.
Moriarty raises his hand to his own cheek, his expression startled but amused. “Ooooh,” he croons. “Still like it a bit rough, then, darling?”
Sherlock draws his eyebrows together. "That's inaccurate."
John shrugs. “I’ve never been successful in stopping it.”
"Wait," says the Detective Inspector. "I'll need you to sign a—“
are a madman, and a liar as well. You know as much as I know: love is simply a form of madness.”
Before long, Sherlock is gasping and writhing and spinning out of control at John’s touch, and he’s sure nothing in the universe could ever feel better.
A man walks by without giving them a single look. William smooths down his curls, tucks his shirt in, and quietly slips out the door.
He nods in agreement. “Do you need a place to stay?”
Though not experienced in the realm of entanglement, Sherlock is experienced in the realm of addiction. And he knows one thing: the more he gets of John, the more he wants. He’s not entirely sure what that means, but he’s fully convinced that he’s the one who ought to see a psychiatric professional.
Donovan peers up at him, feigning a smile. “I guess you can’t know. However, if it moves on its own again, I’m concerned it may launch off the board and collide with your boyfriend’s pretty face.”
"Boring."
She unwinds her arms from John, and another high-pitched squeal comes out of her. “You called an Uber for me?”
"Pardon?"
But he's afraid of what he might do.
"It worked, did it not?" Moriarty insists, his expression boastful. "You finally understood! How heartbroken you were...simply at the thought of being on your own. And after the fifth, you came to me and begged me not to go, and you kissed me. You kissed me, and you asked me to take you to bed, and then you betrayed me."
Since they first met, Sherlock has used many marvelous words to describe John Watson.
John lifts his gaze towards the wall, taking in his surroundings. It occurs to him that this is the closest he's ever been to knowing who William truly is—his hobbies, and his passions, and the place where he dreams at night.
It doesn’t sound fun.
John sort of yells the last part.
grateful when they won't allow him to follow them onto the vehicle.
Sherlock leans in and presses their foreheads together. "John," he says softly. "There's something I've got to do."
Sherlock has grown tired of it.
The girls smile at him somewhat sadly, but say nothing as they walk down the dark staircase and back into the cold.
John studies every fleck of his irises, every crease of his brow, desperately wishing he knew what that expression meant—that he could somehow read Sherlock as well as he seems to read him.
The way he speaks, the desperation in his voice—John understands nothing, but knows he’s telling the truth.
The food selection is scarce, so they decide upon a Bloody Mary breakfast. William almost convinces John that the drink represents all of the main food groups, until he unironically cites salt and alcohol as food groups of their own.
Sherlock ignores his statement, because he's obviously lying, and he turns the laptop screen to face him. “Look.”
He smiles. Apparently, she’s given in, and is no longer angry—either accepting that it isn’t worth the fight, or taking enormous pity on him. “I will,” he promises.
John’s face is buried in Sherlock’s chest, drenched in tears.
John surveys the empty room. “Where are Irene and Molly?”
John takes a sip of his drink.
His heart sinks to his stomach. But then something catches his eye: a rose bush planted off to the side of the deck. A bee lands there; on one flower, and then on the next, drinking its nectar and buzzing on.
"We’re atoms, actually." John gives Sherlock's hand a squeeze. "Well, not just any atom. A certain type of atom. Six protons, six neutrons, six electrons…"
“Oh, I know,” Sherlock offers.
“Then you will pick. Oh! I already know the answer. And I will be the winner, because you will be dead. And John will be the loser, but I will leave him alone, and I will leave your friends alone, because they will no longer serve any purpose.”
"It's your turn now, yeah?" John nods towards the second wedding band.
Moriarty gestures to his coat pocket; she eases her grip, allowing him to retrieve his cell phone. As he types, she keeps her eyes close and her blade closer.
"Oh, god." He releases a choked off moan of pleasure as he fills himself up.
She seems to ignore his statement, perhaps distracted by how cold he seems to be. “Jesus, John, it’s freezing.” She grabs him again by the arm. “Come in. I think there’s still some hot coffee at the bar.”
"Sherlock." John raises his head and looks back towards him. "What's with all the questions? You alright?”
Lestrade glances at them through the rearview mirror. “You’ll both be staying here tonight,” he says to Sherlock. “Your brother and I will remain here as well.”
“Then you’re wrong,” Sherlock states. “Because that means we feel the same.”
“No,” Marci quickly responds. “But neither do they, anymore.”
“Nope.” John doesn’t look up from his phone.
“Earlier...this morning.” He takes another sip. “Or...yesterday. Doesn’t matter.”
“You’re fantastic.” John steps towards him, taking his face in his hands. “Amazing.” He kisses his forehead. “Brilliant.”
“I love you, John,” he says.
Mycroft can't hide the expression of bewilderment on his face; it fades into a tiny smile of acknowledgement.
“I need John,” Sherlock stated boldly to Lestrade, ignoring the weary look on the man’s face.
“He is not like any omega you have ever met before,” John laughed. “I think he has deleted the biological need to procreate and multiply from his mind, so your knot should be safe.”
“Don’t you dare Sherlock,” Mycroft intoned, his voice snooty as the queen herself. “Nicotine is not good for the baby.”
Once they arrived at St. Bart’s, they refused to let John follow Sherlock. Male c-sections were quite a bit more complicated than their female counterpart. As a doctor John understood this. However, as he watched his mate being taken away from him in his time of need, it made him want to tear through the hospital in a rage.
“Well I won't lie, your reactions to me are quite a bit different than most of my other clients.” Sherlock smiled at John. “Most of them tell me to piss off.”
Sherlock was not prepared for an interrogation, so he had to put down his fork and knife. “I'm thirty-eight.”
John felt an overwhelming sense of rightness, as he looked down at his mate. Sherlock’s riot of dark curls on John’s pillow, his scent mingling with John’s. It was like coming home. He knew Sherlock was impatient to get on with it. His hips rose and fell like waves crashing on a beach, yet John took his time to worship the body beneath him. He had to memorize it all.
Martha had dithered a few days before working up the nerve to send off a rather rushed email, she had pecked and hunted two fingered on the lap top keyboard. Once she had started to explain what was going on at 221 she couldn't stop. It had all come pouring out in a cathartic rush, like a pus filled boil finally expressed. She had shut the laptop down that night, wondering if she would ever get a response from the man. Martha had felt better just getting it off her chest to somebody faceless. She knew if she had shared the stories with anybody else, Mrs Turner for instance, they would never believe her.
John waved weakly, trying not to grin at the outrage on the omega’s face. It was like pulling a cat’s tail, always amusing. The alpha had not smiled this much since before Afghanistan.
John sighed softly as he watched the familiar cadence of doctors, nurses and patients rush past, it was a dance he missed. Well, if he was honest with himself, John missed the adrenaline rush that accompanied an emergency.
Even with his human ears, John could hear the pack racing to the clearing. Could hear their panting and tree branches snapping under foot. He wouldn’t let that stop him from taking what was his. Sherlock struggled beneath him, trying to get closer, pushing back against his hard cock.
John cleared his throat, and refused to look at Sherlock. He glanced out the darkening window. “Where are you staying while you are in Wales?” he asked.
John spooned up behind him, his lips automatically going to the nape of Sherlock’s neck. The omega arched his body, and John’s hands automatically found their way to his bump.
John really took the time to look at Sherlock. Since he had left him the day before, his appearance had improved tremendously. His pale skin was no longer pasty and sweaty. Sherlock no longer looked like a stiff breeze would knock him over. In fact, he looked good. Really good.
“Please come in, and call me John,” he murmured as he reached out to shake the man's hand on autopilot. “Sherlock Holmes of the Science of Deduction?”
Sherlock removed his hand from John's mouth, and let the man speak. “What happened to her?”
Sherlock had been feeling a bit off since last month’s full moon. The sight of the flesh eating crabs he had installed in a tank in his spare room, snacking on pilfered fingers from the morgue, made the world’s only consulting detective nauseous. Which was totally bollocking up his experiment on the long-term damage the natural coastal environment would have on a corpse found on a beach.
“Right,” John murmured. “You know what it would mean, yeah?”
John cleaned his mate with a damp towel, before lying down next to him. Sherlock was rumpled, his grey eyes dark with sleepiness.
John chose to ignore Mycroft, as he helped Sherlock to his feet. “Come on love, you can’t keep the pup trapped in there just because we haven’t figured out names.”
“What sort of chemical warfare have you been exposed to?” Sherlock inquired idly. “You should know better than to test it on your minions by now.”
Next to the counter, John finds a music stand. There's an open book there: Bach Partita for Violin No. 3. Each page is covered in scrawled out notes and personal edits. Beside the music stand, hung over an armchair, is a silk white dress shirt. John touches it. It's definitely William's: he’s seen him wear it. He's seen it as it's slid off William's shoulders and into a pile on the floor. But that knowledge does nothing to prepare him for the name tag pinned neatly over the breast pocket.
Sherlock doesn't think he'll mind. This was his idea, after all. And Sherlock’s mixed his own drink to give himself no more than a pleasant buzz. There will be no touching tonight.
The words send a shiver through Sherlock, and John's patience wears thin. Before Sherlock is able to work in another touch, another word--the other man has got them both unsheathed completely. He sets his hand atop Sherlock's, guiding it--and his own hand--so that the two men are holding both swollen lengths at once. They slide their trembling fingers up and down with a magnificent synchronicity; the pumping of their hips bringing their cocks together into a slick, grinding motion.
“He seemed genuine.” Sarah’s response is controlled, although her voice wavers. “He didn’t ask me for anything in return, at first, other than my time. But...there was a part of me that knew it was too good to be true. A bigger part of me, though, wanted to believe in an act so selfless and kind. Especially when it seemed to be the only hope for my mother. So I began to spend more and more time with him at the restaurant. I would come in before my shifts and stay after. And I would send my mom all the money he gave me.”
Sherlock begins to type idly. "Oh, this? I believe so, yes."
Stamford—his best friend since freshman year of uni; the person he’s leaned on the most. Sarah and Gabriela, who have been profoundly generous with their time and effort. Sweet, open-hearted Molly, who trusts him deeply. Even Irene has proven to be a significant part of his support system, though they got off to a rocky start.
"Morning,” John says, his voice raspy from sleep.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Right.
Ignition startup, engine on, blast of the heat. Reverse, turn the wheel, drive. Silence, small talk, stereo on. Street sign, stop sign, tick-tick-tick of the turn signal.
"Is it my turn?" he asks. "I've got a few things I’d like to say as well."
“Hold on. Hold on. Give me a moment.” John needs to process what’s happening. “So you’re some sort of secret...agents?”
John trickles another slow half-circle, and, without warning, thrusts himself in as deeply as he can. William cries out, biting his bottom lip hard enough to make it bleed.
Doctor Torres nods. There's a beat of awkward silence.
John watches Molly, watching William, and he suddenly feels an overwhelming closeness towards her. “Molly, erm...” He shifts in his seat. “Are you two...that is, you and William...are you—?”
"Yeah. Sure. Of course," John says, waving him off. "Congrats. Let's not play this anymore."
Molly pulls a small bottle of Irish whisky from her handbag and pours it into her coffee. She holds it out to John in offering, but he declines. She shrugs, screws the cap back on, and returns the bottle to her bag.
"I don't know. My mum would make them for us when we were kids. Became a comfort food, I suppose. It's not bad. You should try it."
“Sounds lovely.” John stands, seeming to presume that was an invitation.
Sherlock follows her to Royal Festival Hall (second mistake) for the symphony's performance of
Sherlock doesn't ask why.
William dabs the shirt delicately at John's abdomen. “I suppose I could go and get a proper towel from behind the bar.” He begins to unfasten his trousers, slipping one hand beneath his underwear to graze the tip of his cock. “...But it seems rather far away at the moment.”
John releases a breath of laughter and sighs with resignation. “Fine. But as soon as I’m free from these stupid things—” he nods towards the pair of crutches propped against the fireplace—“I’m coming with you, and there’s nothing you can do to stop me.”
“I know you don’t want to talk about how you’re feeling,” he says. “But there’s one thing I’ve got to say: it’s you, John, and it’s always been you. And I think perhaps I was searching for you my entire life; but I must have felt I needed to temporarily fill the space I was keeping for John Watson.”
Today 8:41 AM
“I can easily outrun you. Crutches or no crutches, your legs are very short.”
John grins at him—that same sweet, bright, melting-in-the-rain grin from earlier. "That would be nice." He pauses. "Nicely convincing. To the others. Is what I meant to say."
John pulls him closer. "They came here to see a show, so that’s what we’ll give them.” Their noses bump lightly. "And if we kiss, maybe the stars will keep glowing."
William rests his head on top of John’s and sighs deeply. “There is a lot that you don’t know about me, John. That you
John looks back to William—whose eyes roam over Marci’s body. Not in a predatory manner; he simply appears to be observing her. He then studies the four daiquiri glasses at the table: three empty ones, and another that's almost entirely full.
Mary had screamed at him, blood red wine slopping out of the tea mug. John, to this day, could not recall what she had accused him of, the vile words that had spewed from her once loving mouth. The only thought running on repeat through his head, had been that Rosie could have died. Would have died if he had been any later that evening. He had arrived home from work two hours early. He had been working as a locum GP, for a small practice. If he had taken one more case of strep throat, his baby would have died.
“That you’re dreaming.” Sherlock blows a puff of air, sending white seeds from their stem into the breeze.
After Sherlock excuses himself to get dressed, John slowly and ruefully pulls his own clothes on. They immediately return to each other’s arms, clinging to each other’s bodies like a child would to a blanket. The final minutes slip away from them, and the sadness begins falling upon them in waves.
"John, what is it?" she persisted. Sherlock took a beat before speaking.
It took three hours for the plane to get back on British soil, and Sherlock slept through all of it. He didn't have a choice. And it was no where near enough. But he would fix that later. Mycroft hadn't tried to wake to him while he was out. He was prattling on now, though, as Sherlock was cleaned, treated, and groomed. He gave the bare minimum of answers when required. Mycroft paused.
Despite sleeping right next to her Sherlock often got to Rosie before John even woke up. He had learnt to listen for the first signs of a crying fit and would get hold of her straight away and take her back to his room to calm her.
"That... That's not completely true..." he mumbled.
"I know, sweetheart, come on-" there was a pause and fabric folding around as he picked her up. "Daddy's here, look. Shhhhshhhshhh.." All was quiet for a second except for Rosie's crying, and it was like that just long enough for Sherlock to start worrying. He was almost out of bed when John starting singing. The soothing-soft-strong voice made even more beautiful with a melody. Sherlock fought to keep his breathing in check as he listened to the music. He wasn't singing one particular tune. At points, Sherlock recognized songs that were popular and had been playing on the radio, songs that were John's favourites, songs that Sherlock had written. He hummed all of them in the tempo and style of a lullaby, Rosie quieting throughout. She was just sniffling now, with the occasional gurgle of approval. She obviously liked the sound. Sherlock couldn't agree more. He lay back, pushing his head into the pillow and let sound wash over him. He drifted back to sleep as John sang.
"Where's he going to be tonight?"
" He flinched back, not looking at John and Mary was once again trying to calm him. He took a breath and then started again, his voice calmer.
"John?"
The second time happened before the next case had arrived. Sherlock was much more able to wake up, but still was too late. He heard John stir as he got to his bedroom door. He went back to bed and lay down, hoping that John would start singing again.
"I am certainly endeavouring to, sir," huffed Sherlock. This was more difficult than he had originally planned. How could he be so narrow minded? They had lived together for so long, surely some of his own perception skills had rubbed off on him. He has no choice now but to go and get the champagne. He goes into the kitchen, quickly deducing where they keep drinks, and grabbed a random one. John wouldn't be able to tell the difference. He rushes out, eyes searching out his table and immediately stops. The sight of John sitting playing with an engagement ring made his stomach drop in a way that he couldn't quite put his finger on. He found himself needing to remind himself that he has no claim to John. Mycroft's pitying look. Mrs Hudson's excited babble. He turned and went back into the kitchen.
. It should have been so obvious! He took a few seconds to berate his slowness before quietly moving forward. He didn't want to startle Lestrade by being to loud. He was licensed to carry a weapon, after all. He waited for the opportune moment. Just as he was about to light the cigarette.
"Not really, no," he smiled.
"What life? I've been away." There was a strange look of pity on Mycroft's face that Sherlock couldn't quite place. But this wan't the time to work it out. He was too close to John now to think of anything else.
. He punched the walls several times, earning himself a few scratches, and found this helped him control the pain inside him a little better. He could really do with some cocaine. But he had to do this with a clear head.
"Fine." Sherlock had never been so thrilled to hear that word. "But you only get a few minutes, so make it quick"
The third time John had taken the monitor into Sherlock's room. They had just finished a case which involved people being kidnapped and some particularly gruesome murders, and he had watched Sherlock become progressively worse as the case rolled on.  He did have to admire his stamina though. Even through all the pain Sherlock hadn't once thought about giving up or handing the case back unsolved. But now that the case was over, and he would finally sleep, he was sure to have nightmares and relive his own trauma.
"No, I don't want to hear it, Sherlock." John was trying to get the attention of a taxi. "It doesn't matter anymore." It stung him so much to hear. John hadn't even clarified, but he had to be talking about their friendship. He had left it too late. The panic rose and he took a couple of seconds to push it back down.
"Two years... Two years Sher..." His speech was stilted. He was struggling to get sentences out.
"Of course I do, it's part of you." John laughed, planting a kiss on his lips again.
He couldn't manged anything above a whisper in his quivering state.
"About an hour ago." Pure, unfiltered joy pumped through him.
He shook his head to clear it and started up towards them.
It took him less than a minute to pick up a disguise once he had entered the restaurant. He was actually quite pleased with it, if he did say so himself. He'd even drawn on a moustache and chuckled to himself about what John would say when he noticed. He headed over to the table he was sat at.
Sherlock's breath caught as the erroneous images that were conjured while speaking to Lestrade of John with a gun against his head once again danced across his mind. He didn't here John shout for Mary to hurry up. He didn't notice Mary leaving his side.
"I don't want to know
It was another 3 minutes before he had control over himself again. He stood up by the side of the road and hailed a cab. It was time for him to go and see John.
"It was time to come back," Sherlock uttered, sauntering forward. "You've been letting things slide, Graham."
"... What do you mean?"  he was hunched in such a way that looked as if he wanted the seat to swallow him right then and there, just so he wouldn't have to tell John. This wasn't going to end well.
"I- I actually thought you were upset. Y'know, about- About the other thing I said..." He was once again acting embarrassed and took a step back form Sherlock.It clicked that he was embarrassed because Sherlock had heard his inner thoughts. He didn't know yet. Sherlock purposely took a step toward him and took his hand. John looked back up into his eyes.
"I-I haven't actually seen him yet. I'll be leaving in about 10 minutes to catch him actually." Sherlock looked into Lestrade's uncomprehending face, and explained further. "I didn't know where to find him, but I have some intel about-"
Present tense. Not the deduction john. The fall is a trick. Do keep up, John.
"I'm just saying, that it was very inconsiderate of you to-"
"Bit mean to spring this on you like that, I know, but-" the look on John's face stopped him in his tracks. He froze. But it was neither of them who spoke next.
"For wading in. In case you've forgotten, field work is not my natural milieu." He knew it was going to hurt to try, but at this, Sherlock felt the need to sit up. Pain shot through him as he pushed himself to look into his brothers eyes, fury building.
"So the magic prince came home, and he realized just how loved he was. He never felt the need to leave his knights ever again, and stayed with them forever."
.He entered the bathroom and took of his coat and shirt, air instantly cooling around the cuts, the way it does when it hits liquid on the skin. He did his best to look at his wounds in the mirror, thankful that he had been wearing his coat all evening. If John had seen these injuries, he would have gone all doctor-mode, and he and Sherlock would never have gotten to discuss everything they had tonight.
"No, sorry, not now, please." Still no looking up. He could see no other course of action other than to continue droning on until John was irritated enough to have to look him in the face. It took a surprisingly short amount of time. He interrupted Sherlock again, chuckling,
The torturer circled Sherlock.  Half the time he couldn't even translate what the Serbian was shouting at him, he was just so exhausted. Pain shot through his ribs as another punch made contact. He realised he had been talking at him for quite a while now.
"I- Yeah she does, she told me!" John laughed in derision, then looked over to Mary for confirmation. Her face was a little to innocent.
"Sherlock, I cant believe you!" Lestrade proclaimed, anger bubbling though him. "He's your best friend! How have you not seen him yet?"
However, John was acting a lot calmer this time around. He cleared his throat before calmly answering.
"I- I never thought you would want to," John panted, once they split.
"No, I got me out." Sherlock stopped listening after this point again. It seemed his brother was looking for some congratulations for his conduct. As if his final action had cancelled out all the weeks he had sat back and watched. Enjoyed his pain. Again the memories bubbled up into Sherlock's mind. He fought against the dizzying wave of emotion- or maybe lack of, he wasn't quite sure- threatening to crash down on him. He tried to pull his mind back, only to discover that Mycroft was still talking.
"-and now you come back in here with you 'oh, hi, I'm not actually dead'-"
"Just, one question, John, before you do anything you'll regret." He paused, but no response came. He had to alleviate the pressure somehow. He started smiling and pointed at John's moustache.
Sherlock could faintly hear the sound of footsteps as John entered the room, but was too asleep to acknowledge his presence. He heard the footsteps move to the other side of the bed and felt  a weight sink onto the other side of the bed. During the night Sherlock had rolled onto his side, facing the middle of the bed and John got in, facing him as well. He lay a hand onto Sherlock's waist and closed his eyes. Sherlock sighed into the physical contact, feeling even more content than when he was listening to John's soft soliloquy, and let himself fall into a deeper sleep.
“Think about everything that I’ve told you about. All that’s happened in the past day or so, to me, and to the two of you. One clue, leading to another. Perhaps it’s not a coincidence. Maybe somehow...those clues are leading me to William."
Gabriela watches her as she leaves, her eyes in a daze, her lips stained with scarlet. “Good lord,” she exhales. “The Woman. I cannot
“Sherlock?” John repeats quietly.
"No, no.” John smiles weakly and nods. “That's enough, Sherlock."
He gives himself over, his eyes drifting shut, head spinning, body melting into John’s.
"Apologies," Sherlock pants. "Just give me a moment."
John obliges, weaving their fingers together. His pain medicine seems to be kicking in, and he's becoming very drowsy, so he wishes Sherlock goodnight.
Sherlock speaks without a trace of doubt in his voice: "I believe we owe it to ourselves to practice that technique, now that we're able to. For the sake of our art. Don’t you agree?”
“Hmph. What else was I to do?” He rises to his feet, holding out a hand to help his friend. “You were standing very close. My nose was practically buried in your hair.”
Sherlock swallows thickly, his Adam’s apple bobbing at his throat, and he nods. He looks back over to Mary. “You took care of the cameras?” he asks.
, John? Did he not run from you as well, and beg you not to follow him?” Moriarty snickers. “And here you are, the both of you in danger.”
“No.” Although John has found himself speechless, he knows that single word reflects his complex thoughts. Sherlock isn’t dead. John knows it, somehow. Regardless, he takes another step towards the table and looks down at the piece of paper at the tips of the man’s long, bony fingers.
He claws and digs at them until his fingertips are numb and his nails are bleeding, but he still can’t get past the final layer.
“How quickly you forget, John,” he says with an impish amusement. “Even when you’re constantly visited by memories.”
“Oh. So..."
Happy Johnlock day!
"Sorry. Who?"
John's eyes widen. "What? Are you sure you want—?"
Midnight. The sounds of fireworks and
"Well, hello there." John seems pleasantly surprised with Sherlock's idea.
This cuts into John like a knife. He knows Sherlock meant well in saying it, but the very thought of John being replaced—No. He’s being ridiculous; Molly has helped Sherlock with his cases for a long time—since before John even met him. It’s nothing to be concerned about.
He presses his forehead to William’s. “This feels like a goodbye,” he murmurs.
“John," Sarah says, wiping her mouth. "Gabriela and I—"
He comes with a grunt, crying out John’s name. His entire body shakes, his cock throbbing, ejaculating in warm liquid spurts. And John is coming, too, swearing and burying his face into Sherlock’s shoulder as he drives himself to completion.
“Don’t apologise,” John says. “I've only got one working hand, apparently. Might as well be doing something useful with it."
“Don’t want you to,” John breathes. He sucks on his plush bottom lip, skimming his fingers up his spine, his neck, through his hair, tangling his fingers into his thick curls as they worship one another’s mouths.
“And it made you...happy?”
Forever Yours,
And even if it’s not—Sherlock doesn’t know what to do with this information. It swirls in his head like a cyclone, picking up pieces of debris in its path: questions such as “why?” and “when?” and “how?”
So he checks in every few hours or so. For the cats and K-pop stars, of course. And if William happens to pop up on her photo feed, John can’t do much about that, now, can he?
John looks at Sherlock adoringly, thanking him for being so thoughtful. He’s not faking a thing, although Sherlock doesn’t need to know that.
“Oh.” Brook chuckles, wringing his hands in a self-conscious manner that’s more charming than off-putting. “Just some light material on a Polish man by the name of Kosminski. There’s some recent DNA evidence that links him to—”
"I forgot to factor the chair into the equation."
Sherlock watches on in a drug-induced stupor. It occurs to him how
Sherlock deems these results satisfactory.
"A plant?"
“So?”
The rain is rather unpleasant.
"Never mind." John gives him a tiny, strained smile.
“Oooooh!” Gabriela claps her hands together enthusiastically. “Spontaneous Vegas trip!”
The girls sprawl out onto a leather sofa, and John sinks down into a large armchair across from them.
wrong. And if Sherlock were not giving his future ex fake husband the silent treatment, he would tell him the real answer:
Sherlock stares blankly at the backs of his hands. "What will happen, now that I've passed my exams and will be moving on? Is that what this is about? You're through with me, and you're trying to let me down easily?"
John rests back in his seat, watching his craft. “You’d be surprised. Most bartenders around here don’t have any idea.”
Ha. That’s
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow. "And what is that?"
The man simply grins. “Do you remember what happened to you before you became unconscious?”
(I love dogs. That’s a compliment)
“John," she says. "As I said in the message. It’s extremely important you don’t share this information with anyone. If you did, it would mean I could no longer help you."
“John.”
John runs.
“Because I’m not sure that you feel the same way about me as I feel about you.”
On this evening, Sherlock arrives right on time for his kissing rehearsal.
Molly nods. “So far, sounds about right.”
Sherlock patiently listens to him rattle off every detail. Once he’s finished, he kisses him on the lips and casually informs him that he already figured it out—but wanted to hear it from him, because he finds his valor to be very, very sexy.
But he relaxes into Sherlock’s warm, smooth skin, catching his breath.
Sherlock shuffles his body to the other side of his bed, keeping his hand on John’s and guiding him to the mattress. John doesn’t put up an ounce of resistance.
John continues to stroke Sherlock’s hair. “It’s my first time being a boyfriend to someone who means so much to me. What do you say we learn it all together?”
"John.” He sighs and slides his hand over John’s arm, placing it softly on his shoulder. “As you’re aware, I’m the most observant man in London. I’m quite possibly the most observant man in world. Do you honestly think I don’t notice the way you look at me?”
Sherlock can no longer hold back the heat of his anger. "You killed five innocent women...to get my attention? Because you thought it would please me?!"
“Are you aware that he hasn’t taken a single case since you’ve been here?” Mycroft asks. “That’s how it begins. Forgoing one all-consuming passion for another. A passion over which he has no control: love. A passion that slowly consumes him, until it doesn’t. And that’s when he will use whatever means necessary to throw himself back into what he does best. Do you understand what I’m getting at, Doctor?”
Oh buggering bunches of bat shit. John had forgot to put the pasties in the oven. “Nope, Dodger can have some kibble and a bone though.” John grinned at his daughter. “Let's not make the little guy sick his first week here.” John turned to Sherlock, “you'll stay for dinner I hope. It's nothing fancy, just some meat pasties.”
John and Sherlock looked at Luther, wanting to ask the question, but not really wanting the answer.
Sherlock sat in his room at a tiny desk with the recorder he had placed in the dining room earlier in the day. He could hear the children laughing and giggling. Multiple children. It sounded like two girls and a boy, but without his laptop to help muffle back ground noise it was hard to say for sure. And there on the digital recording was the most terrifying voice he had ever heard. “SHUT UP,” it roared. “FUCKING BRATS,” it was garbled and distorted but easy enough to decipher. Then the sound of breaking glass and the giggles disappeared.
“Whatever. Just stop your incessant mother hen behavior,” Sherlock snapped crankily, standing shakily on his wobbly legs.
“He smells weird,” Anderson commented loudly. “Maybe the Freak is contagious after all.”
“If that is the worst you have to offer, I think we’ll be just fine,” John laughed.
“John, rub harder,” Sherlock commanded imperiously.
Rosie and John both looked at the man in shock. That was inconceivable to them. “Well, you are in for a treat then,” John smiled at Sherlock. “Rosie made them, so they will be delicious.”
“Are you saying you don’t want to marry me?” Sherlock looked livid.
“What did you do?” John was intrigued, and more than a bit charmed by the picture of a tiny Sherlock ghost hunting.
The cold snap that had hit London seemed to be taking it’s toll on the alpha’s leg. There were nights that John would return from the surgery, face gray and drawn, the pain obviously unbearable, yet the man never said a word. Sherlock was intrigued by his flat mate despite himself, John was much more interesting than the silly police drama.
“On what?” John and Sherlock asked as one. They glanced at each other, before focusing on the small woman.
“At one of the local b&b. It has a lot of flowers in the décor.” Sherlock answered, willing to change the subject as well.
“You,” Sherlock hissed through his rather perfect white teeth. “I should have known.”
“If you didn’t know who I was,” Sherlock snarked, “why did you manhandle me?”
Pregnancy had obviously addled his brain. He was at his bi-weekly check up at the hospital, and even his bare arse on a cold examine table did not make him cranky. Which was a first. John had been called away for an emergency at the clinic, so nobody would appreciate his snark anyway.
John really wanted to interrupt, but Sherlock put a hand over his mouth.
Rosie was staring at the tree, almost hypnotized. “She always wears the same blue dress. She must be cold in the winter, but she says she doesn't mind.”
“You’ll see,” the beta grinned, eyes already back on her Blackberry.
The doctor turned to John, seeking some calm in the storm. “We can release him after his IV finishes, though we need to set up some prenatal exams before you two leave.”
With a triumphant howl, he fell on the omega. His canines latching onto the omega’s dark scruff, his prick swelling with the sweet smell of Sherlock’s surrender. They rolled across the clearing, fighting for the upper hand. It was, for the most part all in good fun.
“I don’t want tea,” Sherlock muttered.
John smiled sweetly at Mycroft, before closing the door behind them.
“We can’t call the bump Demon Spawn for the rest of it’s life, perhaps we should start picking out names,” Sherlock suggested. “Or perhaps I should, since I don’t trust your judgment.”
“Then what do you want?” John turned, “I suggest you answer because I am tired of asking.”
John fell back and let his beta lieutenants take the stag down. Lestrade, Anderson and Donovan were vicious as a unit. The stag fell under their combined weight. It’s neck breaking with a clean snap. John glanced back at Sherlock, who appeared to be already bored with the outcome of the hunt. The omega was sniffing around a bush, before contemptuously raising his leg and pissing. Those grey eyes locked once more with John’s, reflecting challenge and the desire to play, to enjoy the chase.
“Just so you know, I play the violin in the middle of the night, and sometimes I don’t speak for days on end,” Sherlock threw out randomly.
for aggressive behavior in the work place. John had been assigned their alpha due to a small mishap involving his commanding officer. John stood behind his actions, even if they did land him here. With a pack of betas that had already made it obvious he was not welcome or needed.
“I don’t know if it’s a good idea,” John shifted on the bench, uncomfortable. “An omega and alpha living together is asking for trouble.”
“Grow up Sherlock,” Mycroft sounded angry, something Sherlock had not heard since he was sleeping rough. “This is not something you can delete.”
“Oh my god,” Sherlock mumbled around his first mouthful. “This is the most amazing thing that's ever been in my mouth.”
“Right now?” John inquired, in what he hoped was an even voice.
John was frozen in the doorway.
“I think my fucking house is haunted,” John muttered angrily. “The weirdest shit has been happening.”
Sherlock stared at the grinning alpha. He hadn’t expected to see the man again. He didn’t choose to run with Lestrade’s pack often, but mind-numbing boredom had forced his hand. Sherlock certainly hadn’t been expecting the thorough knotting he had gotten. All of the betas that ran with Lestrade’s pack didn’t have the balls to attempt to mate him. In fact, the betas kept their distance, like they thought him contagious.
It only took moments to buy a fresh cuppa and find a bench outside. John had always liked his former classmate, so it was no hardship to catch up with him.
John was on the phone to the police, while Sherlock sat vigil with bones. Luther sat with Rosie and Dodger. Rosie was crying softly into Luther's cable knit sweater, her fingers twined into the fabric.
"...No she doesn't."
STOP BEING SLOW, JOHN. WAKE UP AND REALISE. YOU'RE THE EXCEPTION. TO SO SO MUCH.
"Alright, but it'll have to be quick. We don't want Sherlock to get lonely do we?"
"Only a few-"
"Oh, well isn't this just wonderful," John spat. "You've here all of one hour and you're already up to your old trick. That's just brilliant." Sherlock looked down at his shoes, a dawning feeling that he had crossed some line.
"How could you possibly have thought that was a good idea? I though you were supposed to be clever!" He looked away from everything when he answered.
After that night, John's presence in Sherlock's bed was a regular thing. At first John used the excuse of Rosie getting too old to sleep next to her dad, but it soon became more to do with the ease of reaching out and kissing each other.
"How should I know?"
"No, I'm quite sure, I checked." He looked down. "Excuse me." He dipped a napkin into water and wiped away the moustache he had drawn on. At the time it had seemed like it would be funny. He couldn't quite remember why now.
"I don't really care, as long as we have them together," he answered. "We'll start looking for surrogates in the morning."
"Swear to god!" John was still shouting, but Sherlock could tell that he was starting to calm down again. A smile crept on his face as he stared down at John, even though he wasn't meeting his eye.
"Really. What could you possibly need from me?" The words were biting more than Sherlock was expecting, but he continued anyway.
"John, please-"
"Oh well he would have needed a confidant," chipped in Mary. The look in John's face had her apologising almost immediately for her outburst. Now was not the time to get excited about how his best friend had survived. A pause followed as they all stared at each other.
Sherlock could still feel every cut he had. Every injury. Even in his sleep deprived state he couldn't help but slowly make deductions. He didn't need to look at his torturer to be able 'tell him what he knew'. His torturer's fury grew quickly and he stormed out of the room, without a second glance to his superior officer. He was talking to Sherlock now. He didn't even bother trying to listen, blurring out the sound while taking a quick inventory of his new injuries of the day. Three large grazes, middle left. Two weren't deep, would heal quickly, but the third was going to take longer. Further down, two of his ribs were broken on the right. Three on the left. No punctured longs it seemed like though. That was a bit of luck.  A few cuts from a wire split into ...two...three...four. Patterns of four were covering his skin. He couldn't see them, but they felt shallow. Eight new single streaks from a whip. He couldn't be sure but he thought they were probably the same as the previous ones on his legs, sides and arms. They hadn't started to heal yet. They were too deep to properly heal, breaking open again every time he had moved. At least he wasn't bleeding from the old cuts anymore.
