As their hike wore on, Dean's stomach started to remind him that he hadn't eaten in a very long time and the sound of the water running cold and crisp beside them was a good reminder that he hadn't had a drink in a while either.
“What is it, Cas?”  Dean asked.  It wasn't unusual for the angel to look at them like that; as if he wanted to tell them something but wasn't sure if he should.
Dean was telling him to breathe, to relax, that it was ok.  His vessel was tensed to the point of being stone-like, so he obeyed again and sagged with relief.  His energy, what little of it he’d had, leaving him as the binding eased back just enough to allow him to regain his senses.
The brothers were in their pyjamas, hair messy and faces creased.  Castiel had tired hard not to wake them, but he couldn’t hold back the groans of pain this time, and apparently Dean was a very light sleeper when he wanted to be.
So, he told Sam all that had happened after he had shoved his brother out of Cas’ bedroom.  He told Sam how Cas had prayed until he’d passed out – did
“What would you like?”  she asked.  “We have some Eidar cheese and salmon steaks.  Baked potatoes and marinated Hoarker loaf,” she rattled off the menu choices to them, mirroring Cas and leaning on the bar.
Still not understanding but perhaps beyond caring, Cas asked his coffee, “And in return?”
In the moment, in the
Slivers of moonlight cut through fat clouds, highlighting the rolling foothills in which they had landed and revealing a patch-work of scrubby bushes and tall grass.  Farther in the distance, the dark shape of jagged mountain peaks rose against the horizon, blotting out stars and poking at the bellies of clouds.  In the swelling darkness of twilight, not much else could be seen.  There was a gentle breeze raking through the foliage around them, rustling the grass and carrying the sweet smell of recent rain and damp earth under their noses.
Castiel’s wings shifted and seemed to grow to twice their size and the blush spread from Cas’ cheeks to cover most of his face.
"Of course." Cas still sounded sleepy.
“Ok, sit down, Cas, I'm going to make some coffee and the three of us are gonna figure this out, ok?”
“What's the plan when we get there?”  Sam asked.
He managed it with a great deal of effort, biting his tongue through a flare of pain that swept through his chest muscles as he moved.
Blood boiling, Dean had to fight hard to stay where he was.  Charging at an officer would only get him thrown in jail, but he couldn’t help snapping, “What the hell are you suggesting?”
“More like a psychologist, we think,” Sam finished, his tone carefully even.
a god?”
” he added with a sneer.
It charged at him again with a roar before it looked even close to prepared and Castiel instinctively rolled out of the way; heard its long claws digging into the floor and carving out grooves in the cement as it caught itself and turned to lunge again.
The brothers shared a look and, despite the fact that Dean wanted to tell the guy to mind his business…he didn’t.
“Let's get him back on the bed,” was all Sam said. He stood and set the empty syringe of etorphine on the night stand and Dean's red-rimmed eyes lingered on it, hating that they'd had to use it at all. Jody had gotten it for them, in the off chance they ended up needing it. She'd told them it was a sedative zoo caretakers frequently used to knock out the elephants, so it should be enough to put an angel under.
Dean shook himself out of the memory, “Yeah, I’ll warn them when they get here.  Sometime after supper, they said.  Apparently they thought they could make it all the way to Alaska in one go but,” Dean grinned, remembering the way Cesar had mumbled into the phone, obviously trying to keep Jessy from hearing, “I guess things were getting a little tense.”
“It’s ok,” and the careful, gentle way Dean spoke was like a nail through Castiel’s heart.  He very narrowly stopped himself from clutching his chest, once again left wondering
Dean stayed on the far side of the room, toying with the cuffs still around his wrists, trying to read the man's mood.  But it was like looking into the eyes of a tree stump, there was nothing there to read, and Dean got the distinct impression that no matter what he said - truth or not - that Mike had already decided he was an abusive ass-hole and now was just working on proving it.
He prepared himself carefully by putting on the equipment bought on Castiel's advice, finishing with his favorite piece: the DEAN CE leather jacket. His phone rang. It was a message from Castiel.
"What's your favorite Led Zeppelin song ? "
"And there you go ! Before using it on your cake, you will have to wait until it has cooled down to 30 °! Pastry is precise !” Dean said putting the preparation in the fridge
Dean looked back at him. Sam noticed this ambiguous exchange and narrowed his eyes.
Castiel laughed at it. He placed a kiss on her forehead
"Great see you soon then!" she had replied in a happy tone.
Dean then let go of the rear handle and finally put his arms around Castiel's waist. A fiery heat invades the biker. His heart began to beat faster than it should, and his face set ablaze. He couldn't believe it, but he did manage to pierce Dean Winchester's titanium alloy. He quickly came to his senses because, for the moment, only the route and the conduct were to be his main preoccupations. He then accelerated to follow the road that plunged into the heights.
Castiel was watching Dean while the girls got busy in the kitchen.
"Shared pleasure" she said with a mischievous air.
"Cas… I'm sorry… I'm a jerk !"  resumed Dean sorry
“I cannot contradict you! "
"14 years old ..." Dean replied sadly
Dean, embarrassed, took a sip of his drink. Castiel smiles tenderly at him. They looked at each other for a little while. A cry abruptly interrupted this moment of complicity.
Dean's breathing then intensified and his heart leaped in his chest.
Then he left the terrace and walked back to his impala, which had been left in a parking lot higher up. Castiel and Rowena watched him walk away.
It was Jackie who had half-opened the front door. His eyes widened at the sight of the impala and its owner
"How old were you when he left ?" he ventured to ask her
Castiel had been anxious ever since he hung up. He was tapping nervously on the door. Dean wanted to ask him what was going on but since he didn't like being asked questions, he didn't feel legitimate to ask others.
"Are we going inside ?" Asked Castiel
She hadn't noticed that her father's eyes had moistened and he was still staring at her. He thought back to Dean's story… As a father it had touched him deeply. He wondered how many children were still suffering in this world ? How many Dean ? Jackie was his world and he vowed to make her happy until his last breath.
He donned his black leather DXR pattern jacket and zipped the cuffs. He loved this jacket with a retro feel. It did not overlook comfort and safety with its cowhide leather and certified shock-resistant cases. He slipped his phone into the inside pocket.
"Money is no problem for me !” Dean replied with aplomb.
Eileen had joined him in the garden and had also settled down to scan the sky.
gloves. Dean found him particularly attractive. He found himself having these kinds of thoughts. There had never been such a thing for a person of the same sex. He dismissed his thoughts and swallowed his saliva.
"Truly ? "
"No Cas, I'm not kidding… I'm just touched…" he said sincerely looking at him
Dean frowned and did nothing
"Will you come home Castiel for a moment ?" Sam asked
"It was my father, he will pay us a little visit soon!"
Dean mixed the icing while holding the container slightly tilted under Jackie's dumbfounded gaze
"Dean beyond Mister Winchester…"
Dean was again struck by the culture of the little girl. She knew a classic band from the 70s. Castiel smiled. Jackie put her head towards Dean and questioned him
“Hi Cas !” said the latter with a broad smile.
"No problem ! "
The woman's face lit up
Jackie was well settled, between the two men, a plaid over her.
… that would have been even more disastrous… Make fun as much as you want !” he said, continuing to wipe the sponge on the island.
"Um… that's a treat! " she said as she had just tasted a bite
Dean inhaled and huffed to try to relax
“Dean ! But what are you doing here ?” he said pleasantly surprised
"- It happens more and more frequently Mr. Novak !
Castiel gently covered Jackie with his light duvet. The little girl's eyes were a little more open now that she was in her bed.
"The plan was to bake you a cake and bring it back to you..." Castiel said while running his sponge over the counter.
"How ?” answered Castiel taken aback.
"You've stopped loving me…" she said bitterly, giving him an angry look.
Castiel swallowed back realizing that Dean had titanium alloy armor that would obviously be difficult to pierce.
Jackie scampered for the front steps. Castiel followed her.
"It's because of your cooperation ! Well done to both of you !” said Castiel cheerfully.
“Goodbye Dean! I hope we'll meet again soon ! "
"Trust you ?? We hardly know each other and you would like me to place my trust in you? " he shouted
Castiel smiled tenderly, remembering that Dean had used the same words when talking about her. He could only approve of her words.
"Great see you soon then!" she had said cheerfully to her interlocutor.
Rowena had joined Jackie in the kitchen
"Sure ! Follow me ! "
"No please continue" he said softly
She understood that Dean wanted, above all, to discuss. She took him inside the cafe and walked over to the counter. Dean looked around, the interior was baroque in style. A fireplace, on which many pictures were arranged, dominated the room. Dean grabbed a frame with a picture of Castiel, Rowena and Jackie. Rowena placed a beer and a slice of pie on the counter.
"It's awesome !! ” Said the little girl amazed “You saved our dessert ! "
Castiel laughed "Yes it's nice!" he replied
"Um, I definitely wouldn't recommend it ... Your car is a real gem! And although it is impressive, it may not enjoy the trip ..."
"Ha… this song is nice!" he said amused
Dean walked towards Castiel
Maybe it was indeed time for Dean Winchester to let it go…
"Awesome !” Jackie replied with a broad smile.
"Did you want to bake me a cake ?" Dean said stunned
The two men quietly joined the motorbike. Dean put his headphones back on and heard the music
"Its good !” he said
"You neither !” Castiel said determined.
Dean noticed it and gave him a smile. Castiel panicked. He was embarrassed, he’s so busted.
"I'm from Ajaccio and it went really well ..." Dean said dryly.
Since their departure 5 years ago, they hadn’t seen each other physically. Dean had promised that he would go see them one day soon. The days had then become months and then years. Of course, they regularly gave each other news by messages, calls and social networks.
"You are amazing, Mr. Winchester!" says Castiel
"More than with adults you mean ? "
Castiel had understood, through the testimony of the young man the day before, how much Sam was his pillar and his pride. He knew seeing him again would do him great good and soothe him. The evening they had spent had given him the necessary impetus to attempt this project. After he finished inspecting his Harley, he put Dean's things in the storage saddlebags on the back of his bike. How lucky Dean has packed his package and gear in his impala. Castiel had been able to recover it by stealing the keys to the Chevrolet for a few minutes from its owner's jacket, which remained hanging on the coat rack.
Dean continued to look at the road without answering. Castiel realized he was wrong.
"Dean, we do one last barter... I'll take you home, I promise we won't talk to each other, and in exchange, we don't see each other anymore..." said Castiel, getting back on his motorbike.
“Yes… I have never ridden on a Cas motorcycle. I'm afraid of doing bullshit and misbehaving on the road !” said the young man visibly tense
The girl had jumped into her father's arms and then rushed for the front steps. His father had arrested him
Castiel stood up and took his daughter's hand. They walked towards the impala. Jackie jumped up when she saw it.
"You should put it on your menu !" Castiel suggested to her.
Castiel did so and discovered, among some papers, a storage box containing a bunch of audio cassettes. He began to rummage. The cassettes passed under his fingers. On the labels were written ACDC, Pink Floyd, Rolling Stones, The Who, Queen… There were about twenty of them. Castiel was putting the pressure on himself: he especially didn't want to miss his only chance to strike up a dialogue with Dean.
Jackie's voice suddenly rose across the kitchen
Dean and Castiel were cleaning up the kitchen while Jackie ate on the patio.
Jackie laughed and ended up going to play in the garden which was accessed by the kitchen.
- The motorbike ? I show it to you and we discuss it around!
"I choose that one ! " said Castiel pointing to his find.
“I don't want to impose on us ! Can you take us back to the garage ? ”
They returned to the store.
"It has to be precisely 103 ° C!" Dean said measuring with the probe «Are we good ? he asked Jackie
then spread in Dean's ears. A smile instantly spread across his face. He looked at Castiel intently. The latter had sparkling eyes. He motioned for her to climb. Dean did so and got on the King Road Special as the biker had taught him so well.
"What ?” Dean asked
"For the jacket I think I know what you need ! "
"But I'm here now…" Dean said tenderly
"Come closer, Mr. Winchester and look at it ! "
There were few things that still made Dean smile: Sam, stargazing, his Impala, pies, beers and now there was Jackie and… Castiel.
Dean immediately felt more relaxed. He smiles. He wondered if that was what it was to have a friend ? A person to count on ? A person who knows how to comfort ? The fear of abandonment and rejection had traumatized him so much that he had missed such a sense of well-being the whole time.
"Yes she’s cool !" said Castiel smiling.
Castiel's heart broke. He couldn't imagine that a father could do this with his own children. He couldn't help but take Dean's hand and squeeze it as if to comfort the child inside him. Dean squeezed his hand back.
"What I mean is… I would have given anything to have a father like you Cas ! "
Castiel blushes. He was happy to know Dean at peace. And even more moved to know that he had something to do with it. He put a hand on his shoulder.
For this chapter you can listen to "Rose Gold" by Read Southall here : https://youtu.be/B09H-r5UIEo
- Thank you for staying once again. I'll let him know. This situation can not continue…
“I don't work like that. You are inexperienced, without wanting to offend you, my job is to advise you, not to rip you off. “ Castiel replied, concentrating on the shoes he was going to choose for the young man.
" It’s incredible ! » Dean said looking at himself in the mirror
"Perfect !” Dean answered heated “We cancel everything... I'm going to stop wasting your time... "
Castiel cleared his throat. Dean widened his eyes before smiling.
"Your bike is as good as Baby, that's for sure !” he said smiling
“We have to make a wish !” said Jackie grabbing the hands of Dean and Castiel
"Since this is the only solution to your problems..."
Castiel accompanied Dean back to his impala. The latter opened the safe to store his purchases.
for example, we never talk about that one !” he said
"Dean Winchester ? What do I owe this pleasure to the eyes ? "
"It's crazy, you didn't flinch ! "
Luna didn’t care. She preferred to look at her phone.
Dean was looking at her too and figured she was really smart for her young age. She made her think of him so much.
The biker grimaced
"I know ! ” Dean said getting up and joining them
They all three closed their eyes.
by the group
Oops sorry for the wait ... I got back to work so it was a little harder to deliver the chapters faster !
It was a text from Dean. Sam smiled. He realized how much he missed his brother. It had been far too long since they had seen each other physically. He began to write an answer...
"I assure you, it was total fluke !"
"We have a lot of fun together ! Do you like him ? "
“You have to squeeze the bike with your legs and you can put your hands on the rear handle or around me ! "
Castiel looked at him almost begging
Castiel rolled his eyes. But her friend was not wrong. Dean Winchester was really attractive.
"I'm just thinking about him... I'm going to take a small and light rental car. I will go up alone to join him !” he said continuing on his way
He had placed himself on his usual plaid.
Dean frowned
"Stupid tourist ?! " Dean laughed.
Do you want a motorbike ride in the heart of the Scala Di Santa Regina with Castiel and Dean ? Read it ;)
Castiel did so and climbed onto the right side of the hood as well.
The smile of the little girl who disappeared instantly. Her father looked at her and said
"Absolutely, isn't it Jackie ?!” Castiel replied looking at his daughter
"Yes !” said Castiel confused turning away from Dean.
They ended up laughing
"Well that doesn't change from the habit !” Rowena said turning to Castiel. She was surprised to see that the father of the child was accompanied by a very alluring young man
Happy reading !
Dean showed up at
Immaculate by the sun, the magnificent green valley planted with junipers and pines stood before him. The road, cut into the mountainside made up of granite rocks, meandered along the valley, following the relief drawn by the river
The two budding pastry chefs soaked the gelatin in a large bowl of cold water. Then they added water, sugar and glucose to a saucepan and brought it to a boil.
"Dean…" Castiel said unexpectedly sweetly.
"It’s ok Cas !” Dean replied calmly.
"Cas, am I interrupting something ? "
Dean walked into the "Castiel & Jackie's" store at 10am sharp this Wednesday morning. He had hesitated for a long time. Going on a motorcycle with a complete stranger didn’t reassure him for a penny. However, he wanted to at least learn more. He wanted to make that effort for Sam.
Castiel reappeared in the garden with plaids in his hands. Dean looked at him bewildered.
"I have already found what I see in you Castiel..."
“Hey Sammy, it's okay I'm here now !” Dean said serenely hugging his little brother warmly
He speaks to Dean
Dean loved nice cars since he was little. His passion had taken hold of him when he was a child watching with his mother the adventures of Mickael Knight and his car KITT. This Pontiac Firebird already made him dream. He told himself that one day he would buy a vintage car. He remembered his mother, then pregnant with Sam, who called him cheerfully and consistently as soon as the credits of the soap opera hit. They were both making themselves comfortable on the sofa and enjoying the adventures of Knight Rider. It was the good old days, cloudless bliss on the horizon, like when the sun comes to warm your skin and your heart. It was long before Mary Winchester died of illness and trouble began. Dean had always promised him, despite his young age, that he would buy her a car; although Mary was perfectly satisfied with her Ford Capri. But she loved seeing her playful son more than anything. At that time they were having fun looking for the car that would best suit their future escapades. For this they regularly analyzed specialized magazines. It had become their special moment. They had spotted a Ford Mustang Coupe 65. A real gem. Dean had posted the poster in his bedroom. But both were not satisfied yet, the little spark was missing. For Dean's 8th birthday, Mary and John gave him a ticket to the auto show. The four of them had made the trip to Paris. Dean didn't know yet that this day was going to be the last best day of his life for a long time. But for now the laughter, the fascination and the magic of the moment still mingled with recklessness. Some dealers were interviewed by national TVs. The exhibition was huge and there were a lot of people. Above all, you shouldn't get lost. Dean didn't know where to turn. The Winchester family made their way between the stands. And it was finally, after months of research, that Dean saw it. The perfect car, the car that would suit her future adventures admirably. A 1967 Chevrolet Impala. It was it, it could only be it. With its black paint of very good quality and its pronounced curves, it was imposing and majestic. The sight of the automobile pierced his heart. The operator, a man in his 50s, was amused to see the little boy's eyes twinkle. He had left her his card and told her to come back when he was older and hopefully it would be waiting for him. Dean hadn't noticed that at the same time a crowd had gathered behind him and people were starting to panic. He had turned to warn his mother that he had finally found the right car. He was surprised to see the mass and pushed his way through it. He then discovered with horror that his mother was on the ground. In fact, Mary had been coughing regularly for months. She still observed with the same disgust that blood stained the handkerchief she held in her hands. Dean hadn't noticed a thing, of course his mother was doing everything to hide the disease that was eating her away. Tuberculosis swept away Mary Winchester shortly after the auto show. Dean had promised himself he would own the most wonderful car in honor of his mother who died far too soon. And it was at 25, when he had his earnings transferred to his account, that he called the car collector, whom he had met almost two decades earlier, to buy him his Chevrolet Impala. And it was with great amazement that Dean had learned that baby had indeed been waiting wisely all this time.
Night fell faster in September, indeed the days were shorter. Castiel and Jackie were busy clearing the table while Dean cleaned the barbecue. The little girl rolled her eyes as the darkness gradually invaded it.
"I need to pick someone up, do you mind if we take a tiny detour ? "
"Dean are you coming with us?"
“I mean, you know how to ride a motorcycle, you know vintage cars, you are the boss of your own business, you are a tourist guide ! "
Dean couldn't deny that the bike was breathtakingly beautiful even for a novice like him. He was worried, however.
It was just the biker with the blue eyes. Dean frowned.
"Dean he's really cool !"
"How are you ?” he asked her
"Well it's still so perfect!" The blue-eyed man said ecstatically.
"If it's okay with you, I'm available right away !"
"Castiel? Are you Castiel ? The boss ? My god I must have sounded like a fucking bastard ! » he said embarrassed
I promise I’ll soon stop torturing Dean :p
"No, I'm going to go back, I'll let you enjoy your family reunion !" Castiel replied looking at Dean with melancholy.
"You are right... I am only a lever. You are the engine of your emotions and your actions. No one can do this work for you.” replied Castiel calmly “But… at least lean on those who are reaching out to you !” he continued
He grabbed the blanket Castiel handed him
Dean rubbed his forehead
"Yes !” she replied excited
The song
"My darling ! " she said putting down her tray and hugging the little girl who had rushed there.
"I feel that you have a special affection for them, am I wrong ? "
Castiel disappeared inside the house. As for Dean, he looked up in turn to see that Venus was, indeed, sparkling up there.
He got up completely confused. He opened his gate, trembling. He looked at his older brother for a moment and suddenly jumped into his arms.
“She's really cool !” he said
"I'll go there too!" he said
"Can I watch it just a moment please Mr. Winchester ?"
I apologize for all motorcycle enthusiasts because I don't know anything about it. I did the best I could to avoid a lot of inconsistencies ! And I learned a lot of things ! In fact, the DXR DEAN CE jacket does exist ! You would have seen my face when I discovered this model which I immediately incorporated into the story.
"Hmm... has that to do with the beautiful impala?"
“Rowenaaaa !!!” Jackie shouted when she saw her.
"Did you make me a playlist ?” Dean asked baffled.
There was silence. Then the two men burst out laughing under the disbelieving eye of the little girl.
"His mother hits me every time ... she forgets him at school ..." he said
Castiel could sense the irony in his voice, he smiled
"Are you planning to take the Scala Di Santa Regina with your sublime Chevrolet Impala?" He said intrigued.
"It was a great night !” Jackie said in a numb voice.
"So are you riding a motorbike now ?" Sam said in amazement as he wiped his eyes.
“Hey, we don't leave each other anymore !"
Dean blinked several times and approached the blue eyed man.
“Well that's a lot to remember! But I think it should ! "
"Hello, I gave you the card yesterday, I'm Castiel ! » he said with a big smile
- I know ... She didn't answer your calls ?
"That's nothing Dean, plus you wouldn't have had this cake anyway given what was left of it! Castiel said smiling and going back to the sink to wash his hands. He felt that the young man was following him. He closed his eyes, inhaled and focused on the soaping his hands which he was running frantically. It was imperative to destroy the carnal thoughts that occupied his mind. We had to avoid at all costs that new tension in his pants arose. He inhaled and finally turned around. Dean was inches from him.
They had passed the citadel and were now walking along the coast. Palm trees adorned the road, the sea water was turquoise blue, and the sun sparkled in the sky. What a spectacular sight.
was it written on it. He did so and then, once the water temperature was to his liking, stepped into the walk-in shower.
"Alright then follow me!"
"Ok, we will take it slowly, drop by drop and especially not to abuse it… "
"Hop hop hop young man ! You leave without your piece of the cake!” Rowena called out, handing him an airtight box.
They hugged each other for a moment while rocking each other. They were crying hot tears. Castiel, who had got off his motorcycle, was watching the scene with great emotion. He felt privileged to attend. He was proud to have contributed to this reunion. But above all he was happy that Dean was now fulfilled. He had finally found his Sam.
"So, are we doing this barbecue ?" he said clapping his hands
Dean nodded
Castiel was flabbergasted. Not only was he hearing the young man's name for the first time, but he had just realized that he had chosen the jacket model bearing his name. He smiles back at Dean.
"Of course not ! ” said Castiel rolling his eyes
“You were right to convince me! It was a hell of an experience ! Thank you Cas, thank you for this parenthesis… ” he said grateful
Sam hadn't wondered why Eileen was so upset and euphoric. She adored her father and saw him very little. His reaction seemed logical to him, maybe a little bit disproportionate.
"So during your vacation you come to work ?”
“Castiel? Aren't you supposed to be on vacation ? "
Castiel's eyes began to sparkle
“Hello Mr. Winchester ! Yes yes ... um ... and you how are you ? " said Castiel, pretending to examine his motorbike.
Dean was sensitive to the worries of young Novak
"I don't know how to make up for it and Rowena has a lot of clients we won't disturb her for the moment…" said Castiel annoyed.
"Thank you !” Dean said grabbing it “It was a pleasure Rowena ! "
"No" he said opening his eyes again "I just wonder, how many points in common do we have, dear Novak family !? "
“Dean… we have arrived. The house is just above.” he said calmly
Dean nodded
“It will be fine !” said Dean amused
Castiel looked at him. His full lips, his sparkling green eyes, his freckles… my god he was handsome. Usually he had no trouble finding a handsome man with no ulterior motives. But it was quite the opposite for Dean. He had no control over anything. He still had an erection when he saw it the other day and was fighting not to get one right now. He looked at his lips. But he reasoned quickly before doing anything. He didn't want to make a fool of himself or even less to embarrass Dean by trying anything.
"Daddy ? "
"Um… can you sit us by the window so we can watch Jackie ?"
and others gradually leading him upstairs. He was pleasantly surprised by this treasure hunt.
"It's obvious" he replied.
Dean looked so vulnerable right now, he kept staring at the bike. Castiel walked over and said softly to him
"Noted !” Dean replied walking away
He swallowed his coffee while looking at the kitchen clock. 8:30 am. He was in the right timing.
He was on reserve however he shook hands with Castiel
"Whatever ? Sam is the most important thing !” he replied
Dean closed his eyes and laughed
"Yes ... because there is nothing more fascinating than human ! "
starting. He nodded and told himself it was indeed a lovely day.
"Hey, not right away okay?"
"Not at all ! " said Castiel smiling before giving his ex-wife a dismissive look "Luna was going… see you next week ! "
“Dean, Castiel is worth it. And no one in this story deserves to suffer !” said Rowena, touching the young man's nose with her index finger. She looked at the drinks he had just gulped down "It's offered by the house !” she said, noticing new customers. She moved away from Dean to greet them. The latter called out to her.
"Yes ?” he answered dubiously
The two men had been on the road for several kilometers now. The gorges of the Scala di Santa Regina still loomed before them. The path had narrowed, the rocks on the edge of the road were starting to take up space, while the emptiness on the slope grew larger. The vegetation was much less present, revealing the gray and ocher granite. The path was becoming impressive. However, Castiel was still just as careful. He was careful to anticipate the turns, moderate his pace and correct his course. His sequences were impeccable. Suddenly he saw the phenomenal five-arched bridge in the parade, he shifted down to keep the ideal speed in order to cross it.
"Yes he’s really cool ! "
"Let me… let me take you home..."
It was 12 o'clock when they reached the coast. Jackie's stomach began to growl.
" What do you think ? "
"Take your time. Everything will be alright. First put your foot on the left foot cleat, lean on my shoulder and step over the saddle. Your other foot should go to the right footrest. And then you can sit down ! You can try it now, I'm ready ! "
Dean nodded and took his turn.
Dean was watching the scene through the window. He told himself that Castiel had the right words. He found it even more confusing.
"Continue to two is much safer!” said Castiel dejected
Animosity was erupting across Castiel Novak's yard at the start of the evening. His ex-wife, Luna, had brought their daughter back to him (as the conditions of the joint custody stipulated). Surprisingly, she was never late for this date.
"By chance you say ..." Dean said thoughtfully.
"I was sure the DEAN CE model was going to be right for you ! " said Castiel with a satisfied air.
Dean was waiting at a red light. He looked at the airtight box containing the piece of cake on the passenger seat and smiled.
"Goodbye Dean…" Castiel said getting back on his motorcycle.
Then she turned to Dean and hugged him
"Dean… thank you for sharing this painful part of your life with me… you didn't have to…"
“Here's an interesting idea !” Rowena enthusiastically said "But I wouldn't be able to hire additional staff. The cafe works well, it's true, but at the moment I can only pay my employee and pay myself a salary. In addition we must find the rare pearl. It seems complicated to me !” she called out to Jackie "You're coming honey we'll take care of the icing!"
Castiel was taken aback. He tried to approach the young man to calm him down, but he kept him away.
"Yes it's getting late" he said
"He's confusing" she blurted out
"Let's say I like their naivety and spontaneity. And then with them we are sure that they will not do harm on purpose ... " Dean said gravely.
"No that will be fine, thank you, I live a few streets down the road. I'll go pick up my motorbike in due time. "
“You too Dean. Send me a message to tell me when you want to come back down and I'll come get you !” says Castiel
"Oh yes this is a job for me !” answered Castiel
Castiel looked at them tenderly. He had noticed for a while that the young man's face had softened and he no longer showed suspicion or anger, that he was as though rested. It made him fundamentally happy. He finally called out to him and took a picture of him with the animal. A hissing sound then called the dog to order and he rushed to his master. Dean stood up.
“You're going to have to wrap your arms around my waist. If you don't you will fall... "
He doesn't know why but that night he decided it was finally time to go see Sam and Eileen. He called his sister-in-law and asked her to be discreet about his coming, he wanted to surprise his little brother.
Dean’s stomach surged into his throat.
He stopped by his room to grab a pair of the warmest pajama bottoms he had – black fleece – and a long sleeved tshirt.  When he got back to Cas’ room the door was still wide open and Cas was sitting gingerly on the edge of his bed.
Dean could hardly hear anything inside the police cruiser but his brain helpfully supplied the little whimpers and gasps likely spilling from Castiel’s lips in that moment…because he’d heard them before, back when Castiel would have waking nightmares about this
“Alright, Sam, just…lets drop it for now, yeah?”  Dean said, maybe a bit forcefully.
It was still weird, after all this time, after knowing Cas for so long, to be confronted with such an obvious reminder of the fact that Castiel was not at all human but another species entirely.  It didn't bother Dean, per se, it was more like, every once in a while, he found himself thinking,
What did that mean?
“Of course. The World Serpent, a primordial figure in Norse mythology.”
be scared of him and what he was going to do the second he was free.
Given that they were asking the guy for help, Dean supposed he deserved a little bit of back story.  If only as a gesture of goodwill.
bear arms – with the claws still in them – around his neck like a scarf and fur armor that somehow managed to look even more intimidating than it did cozy.
The brothers settled down with their flimsy leather bags for pillows, rolling a bit closer to the fire as the temperature continued to drop, and tried their best to sleep through their first night on a new planet.
She chucked the parchment at Roggi's chest, which he scrambled to catch, before storming away through an open door behind the bar.
Sam turned back to him, his gaze as determined as ever.  “Cas, how do angels talk to each other?  How do you communicate what you think and feel to other angels?”
But the angel was somewhere a few miles up over the water and a few more miles out from the coast, flying.  Indulging in his flighty urges and having fun.  The thought made Dean smile, made the urgency in his chest fade a bit.  He could wait.
Mike looked to Castiel again and gently said, “Ok, I think it might be best if you both come down to the station with us.”
The walls of his nest cradled him on all sides, and he sighed, reveling in the feeling of security, before reaching for the comforting current of his grace.
want to talk about whatever is going on in that giant brain of yours,” he squeezed Cas' shoulder.  “I'm here.  Or Sam.  Or Hannah.  Whoever you're most comfortable with, Cas.”  He felt a pang in his chest when he reminded himself that he was probably the one Castiel felt
“There, that’s much better isn’t it?” Liam asked, drawing Cas’ attention back to him.  He had an easy smile on his lips and reached up to push his glasses further up his nose, peering at Cas through them with bright, kind eyes.
He wanted to believe that Cas
He frowned.  “I’m right here, Dean.”
Castiel's lips were suddenly against his, soft and shy and a little hesitant and a bunch of other things Dean couldn't process because his brain was short circuiting and his gut was swooping like he'd just fallen off the top of a sky scraper.
, to show you I am a man of my word, I’ll give you a bit of advice.  On the house.”  He paused, seemingly for dramatic effect, “You may want to consider digging out your holy fire glasses.”
Back on the road, Dean pulled out his phone - which he'd practically had to pry out of the cop's hand when he got his stuff back - to google all the hospitals in the city.  They didn’t know which one Cas was at, so they would just start with the closest one and work their way out.
He made a note to ask later.
Cas threw up his hand – the simple gesture somehow managing to feel like a command – and Sam snapped his jaw shut.  Cas pointed with the same hand, towards the alchemy station, and Dean saw the shadows shift.  A man in black robes came away from the surrounding shadows, bending over the table.
Each word he recognized made sense on its own but he couldn't string them together and he made a frustrated noise that meant and accomplished nothing.
The opposite of what they had left behind in Kynesgrove only half a day ago.
here.  But he couldn’t give them his real name.  Dean Winchester had died years ago…according to the FBI.
They'd climbed high enough now that patches of snow started appearing in the scrubby grass and bushes, making the colorful flowers still growing stubbornly from the ground a bit strange to look at.  Up ahead, the road forked again, one path leading between jagged mountain tops and the other continuing on strait, following the sloping edge of the mountain.  However, unlike last time, there was no sign there to direct them and the trio milled about undecided for a few moments.
“It's fine, Cas.  We understand.”
Sam was staring into the fire with a wide-eyed, thoroughly overwhelmed expression, his empty goblet of wine clutched absently to his chest.
.  We both were.”
Of course, it didn’t work, so he settled on willing the room to stop spinning through sheer force of will.
The last half of his primaries and secondaries were white, as well as most of the feathers on the undersides of his wings.
Castiel stood there, as still and permanent-looking as ever; like he was a marble statue that hadn't moved from that spot in years.  He looked mildly annoyed and took steady steps towards Dean.
The fire in the bowl and the gentle light in the windows of the inn were the only life they could see in the city.  At the very least, inside the protection of the high walls, the wind was not nearly as harsh, but it still made the fire whip and twist in the large bowl and had the wooden sign swinging back and forth on it’s rusty hooks.
“Ok.”
Dean swallowed, wondering how in the ever-loving-
He was lying on his bed – he’d been out for a while then, if someone had had time to move him off the floor – curled on his side, and could feel the cold bunker air on his sweaty skin.
They were dressed differently than the guards from Whiterun and Riverwood.  A well-padded tunic covered their chain mail and looked like it would be much more effective against the cold, and each of them had a deep navy-blue fabric wrapped around their necks and then smoothed down their front and back, held in place by their belt and weapon straps.  It looked like it was made of tightly woven wool and it added an extra layer that was very much needed up here in the mountains.  Dean wondered if they might have a few to spare.
“We thought we could make it to Kynesgrove by nightfall,” Castiel lied easily, softening his usual grumble, but she seemed unbothered by their presence. “But we did not consider the weather might stop us.”
For the first time in his very long life, Castiel’s head was empty.  He felt as he had back at that gas station in Colorado.  Like he’d just been banished and his head was full of static.
bickering too.  He could tell even through the harsh, guttural sounds of their native language that they were bickering; words which Dean had to take pains and long seconds to pronounce correctly were whipping between them in a blur of harsh sounds that Dean could never help to understand even if he spent his entire life trying to learn their language.
“Cas?”
,’ Dean numbly corrected himself.  He dunked the soapy plate in his hands back into the sink, scrubbing at a bit of dried cheese that was refusing to let go.
Except it didn't end up being brief because he got distracted by the feel of soft feathers brushing against the back of his fingers and the deep blue eyes Castiel raised to his and then his hand was inching up the side of Cas' neck and how the hell did that happen?
"Because I always come when you call." Cas said, looking a little dazed as he stared at their clasped hands.
And it had been much more effective in controlling his emotions than simply blocking them.  Outside, he wasn’t trapped.  Outside, he was
He was annoyed, but Dean barely noticed, because just then Cas’ eyes went from white to yellow to gold and then back to white in the blink of an eye and one corner of his full mouth twitched like he’d almost smiled.
"What’s wrong ? "
The traffic light ends up turning green
He gently cleaned Dean's forehead. His breathing quickened. He had never been so close to the young man as he is now. He lingered on her remarkable face: her tanned complexion, her piercing gaze and her sensual mouth. Never had he been so disturbed by a man. Dean on his side did not move. He found himself plunging into the deep blue of Castiel's eyes. The timer ringing suddenly ends this disturbing exchange.
He then had an idea on which he planked a good part of the night.
Reading the sms made him smile. He now knew he was going to join the blue-eyed man. So he decided to take a look in the bathroom mirror to check his outfit and perfect his hairstyle. He wanted to make a good impression on him. He inhaled. He wondered why was he so intimidated ? He shook his head and finally left the room. He walked down the stairs and headed for the front door. He was both nervous and excited. He adjusted his leather jacket one last time and opened the door...
"How ... How can two beings who have loved each other so much behave like this today ?” he said with a sigh "What the hell happened to you?"
"She fell asleep !" Dean noted
"Leave me alone ! "
"That's the other Mr. Winchester !” said the stranger, removing his helmet, revealing his face.
"What ? Do you think I just drive my impala and drink beers all day ?” said the young man teasing
"It's perfect for him !” said the girl
"What ? " The man finally asks
"A barter ? "
“I’m not confused !” Dean said visibly on the defensive
Castiel smiles
“Go ahead, try ! "
For all these years he had tried above all to bury his father's betrayal. The word trust had become synonymous with deception for him. Since that event he had built such a wall around himself that no one, except Sam, had yet managed to breaking down it.
Dean smiles at Sam's answer.
" OK !” said Dean smiling “See you soon Cas !” he resumed greeting him
As soon as he entered, the smell of rubber tingled his nose. The spokes unfolded in front of him with all kinds of equipment: helmets, jackets, boots, gloves ... the entire range for any self-respecting biker. In the distance was the workshop where a few mechanics were busy. Dean was not familiar with this environment. He scratched his forehead. A young employee approached him
“Hi Cas ! Everything is fine ? » Dean asked intrigued
"I give you the opportunity to ask me any question about me and you ask me that ? "
Jackie stood at the back of the impala. She amused stroking the warm leather of the bench. Dean had restarted the engine.
"Yes, especially since you would go faster!"
was ending.
"More than ever !” Dean replied
"Absolutely" he replied confidently.
"See you tomorrow sweetie ! Enjoy the rest of your day !” he said
"Aren't you hot with your helmet on ?"
Dean pulled out of his thoughts. The liner's door had opened and a ray of sunlight had hit her face. He then rushed out of the floating hangar. Dean arrived in Ajaccio on a Tuesday morning.
He turned his back on Castiel and walked away
"Come !” said Castiel, spontaneously taking his arm. He led him along the footpath that descended to the impressive canyon carved out of the granite.
"Yes... but it's good because both of you listen to good music and you like nice cars !"
. He found him really relaxed like never before.
Of course in Corsica it’s very hot (even in September) but in this story I’m not dwelling on the discomfort that bikers can feel due to the heat (it must be an ordeal ...). However, I try to make the protagonists wear consistent equipment. Just know that I will probably not talk about this inconvenience (we will probably talk about sweating later if you know what I mean ^__^).
"Shall I take you back to your garage ?" Dean said getting up
"And you ?” retorted Castiel annoyed “Why are you like that ? Shattered by life, so angry, so suspicious of the other... Why do you have so much rage in you ? "
"This photo is great, thank you !" Dean replied elated. He squeezed Castiel's hand and set off.
After a few minutes the two brothers ended their embrace.
"Good ... good ... anything else ?" Dean laughed.
" You're kidding !? You are welcome Dean !” replied Castiel delighted.
“Sorry, I talk too much. You've already been supporting me since this morning… ” said Castiel, embarrassed, opening the menu and reading the menu.
“For far too long ! " she joked "At first he was a customer like any other, and one thing leading to another he became a friend ! "
Dean was telling a few anecdotes to the Novaks that were all ears. The three of them were seated at the pine picnic table in the garden. Dean mimed an explosion, gesturing with his arms. They ended up laughing together heartily.
"Are we going to take a closer look ?" asks Castiel
Dean and Jackie were focused. Jackie counted the drops, Dean mixed the preparation then the little girl tasted as she went. Castiel watched them tenderly. He liked the pedagogy that Dean adopted towards his daughter.
"Another barter ? It will become our trademark !” laughed Castiel
I hope you enjoy Castiel's lesson !
"Cas... you will be our official taster !" Dean says
Castiel smiles
"Nobody can help me !” said Dean irritated
“Yaouh !” Jackie exclaimed
"What did you say ? "
intercom system which allowed the duo to be able to communicate easily.
"You have the Place des Palmiers just on your right! " commented Castiel
“Thanks for opening up !” he said softly
The young man continued to walk without looking at the biker
"One thing I can at least know about you, Mr. Winchester, is that you like music. And more particularly rock ! "
The experience of the ferry is related to my own experience ^^’
Sam closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He was lucky. He lacked nothing. He was the owner of his house, he was professor of history at the college of Porto and he was especially married to the most remarkable nurse. Everything was going for the best and he savored every moment of this happiness.
Castiel had taken him a little higher up to an elementary school. Dean parked in the parking lot.
Dean was taken aback
Note that the Scala di Santa Regina road does exist. However the start of this road (where Dean parks) is a pure invention in my story. Because in reality it is not possible to stop as it does: the road is far too narrow!
Castiel took advantage of the fact that no one was following him to stop at the entrance sign to the Scala Di Santa Regina trail.
"Daddy, you hear it's Led Zeppelin !! " Jackie went into ecstasy.
He lit the engine of his black Harley Davidson and hit the road. He greeted Dean before hurrying off. He glanced in his rearview mirror and saw that the Chevrolet was turning back. He smiles.
Castiel was starting to understand that Dean must have had a difficult experience. Which easily explained his titanium alloy armor. The latter sighed and ran his hand over his forehead leaving a trail of chocolate. Castiel laughed at it.
drove off when the two men arrived in the city center. Castiel took advantage that Dean was relaxed to continue the conversation
Dean rolled his eyes but did so. He didn't dare admit it to himself, but he was unsettled by this unprecedented closeness.
"Good night Dean" he whispered looking at him
pants, meanwhile, fit him like a second skin and finally the
Dean frowned. Castiel rushed out of the office and glared at Raffaele. The latter brushed against him and whispered in his ear
"Yes that is the word that could describe him very well ! "
His phone vibrated a few seconds after sending his message.
"Will I pick you up if that's okay with you ? I just have to get your address and your phone number, it will be easier for our exchanges ! Without wanting to impose anything on you !” he said embarrassed
"He is a mule driver, he supplies the refuges on the hiking trails during the summer ! It's easier with mules because they have smaller hooves and they are more agile ! Each step is precise and assured ! Check it out !” whispered Castiel amazed.
Dean cleared his throat
Dean shook his head
"Have you thought about it then?" "
" What ?” Dean answered taken aback
Castiel got on his bike.
After a few moments the little girl let go of the two men's hands and swung over to Dean to hug him. He spread his right arm to greet her. He and Castiel looked at each other smiling. Dean gently rested his hand on the hood. It brushed against Castiel's. The latter's heart thudded violently in his chest and his cheeks flushed. This time he didn't want to end this moment. If Dean was embarrassed, he just had to move his hand away after all. But against all odds, Dean did nothing and began to stroke Castiel's index finger.
After a few miles, Dean recognized the trail he had taken three days before. The larucio pine forest was as amazing as ever. What was equally important were all the things he had experienced in so few days alongside Castiel. A whirlwind of emotions from mistrust to anger, from laughter to tears, and finally felt a lot of tenderness and affection.
"Ha yes... in fact it was Cas who took me !” he said glancing at the biker
“Complaisant, benevolent… the guy everyone loves, the guy who succeeds in everything, the perfect father…” he stared Castiel in the eyes “You are so infuriating !!!” He said hatefully
Dean opened his eyes. The stars were now shining in the sky. He was 35 years old. It was so far away and yet the wound was still too deep. From time to time he returned to the family home to maintain it. But it was for him the very definition of the words fear, prison and abandonment. That's why Dean didn't want to live there. That’s why he didn’t want to settle anywhere.
He received a response a few seconds later.
The road to Parata was little used in the low season and in the morning which made it possible to make good acceleration on the concrete road.
Dean took a sip of his beer and was silent for a little while.
"What do you think ?” asked Rowena
Before joining her mother, Jackie hugged her father.
But as always when he closed his eyes, he kept thinking about it.
“No, in fact I passed by chance this morning in the garage just to greet my employees. I'm actually on vacation ! "
"Well… a little stressed…" Dean confessed, patting the handlebars of the Harley.
“Dean Winchester!” he answered with a broad smile
"How long have you known each other with Castiel ?" the young man asked while putting the photo down. He walked over to the woman.
“Listen daddy ! It's your favorite song ! "
He thought back to the Chevrolet Impala he'd seen the day before. He was a fan of beautiful cars and he never saw this kind of collector's item around. He had taken advantage of the vehicle being parked to go and admire it more closely. The impala was flawless. He had told himself that his owner had to be a careful person. He had just noticed that the latter was leaning over the glove box. Castiel had tapped delicately on the body to call out to him. The driver stood up in panic and turned to face him. Castiel was then captivated by his green eyes with celadon reflections and his freckles that pigmented his singular face.
"Right now you have to equip yourself first ! On the other hand, it may be a budget that you had not planned ... " said Castiel embarrassed.
Castiel had crouched down and stroked his Harley boldly.
"Very well I would tell mum to pick you up there…" indicated Castiel
"Dean… you're not going to walk up the hill !"
Dean didn’t live in luxury although he could afford it. In fact, a few years ago, he had won a small sum of money which he had made grow by making judicious investments. However, the life of a lonely wanderer he had chosen suited him perfectly. He loved to sleep under the stars. Above all, he didn't want to have a life that was too tidy and routine. He thirsted for adventure. Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. That evening, as so often, he wanted to forget... To forget the lies, to forget the abandonment, to forget the betrayal.
Castiel walked over to the sink
“Not just… you are a mystery. I would eventually find it ! " said the amused blue eyed man
Castiel smiled broadly. He thought about it then asked
"That's life, right ?” he said savoring his meat
Dean had been driving for a few minutes. He had passed the port of Ajaccio and was heading for the city center on Castiel's advice. The latter raved about the dashboard and upholstery of the Impala. He thought it was amazing that the car was so well maintained after so many years. Dean gently laughed, finding him childish.
"I'm in Corsica to see Sam…" he suddenly confessed.
He resumed the call
He had put his motorbike on the crutch and got out of it. He had taken off his helmet, grabbed his phone and texted Dean to let him know he was there.
" Yes ? "
Since when hadn't he met such a… human person?
It was 4 p.m. when Luna Novak decided to get her daughter back. She waited at the entrance to
without exchanging a word all the way. Castiel stopped in the parking. Dean went downstairs. He turned his back to him. Castiel took off his helmet
"Go on… Hit me, you're just waiting for this !”
"Wait, let me ..."
"I think I'm a big asshole!" he replied coldly
"Truly ?” Castiel asked as he stood up, his stiffness was finally gone
Decidedly Castiel intrigued Dean. Usually the vendors he dated would always try to trick him as soon as they knew he could afford to pay. But not him.
He sighed and continued "Dean, let it go… let it go !"
The biker laughed and lifted his visor, revealing only his extraordinary blue eyes.
"Good night Daddy !” said the little girl, closing her eyes.
"Everything is going to be fine Mr. Winchester, let's take our time!" Castiel said softly.
"All the hurtful things I said to you this morning..."
"I thought we wouldn't see each other anymore ..." he admitted looking the young man in the eyes.
Dean looked at him, impressed by so much knowledge and amused by his effervescence. One of the dogs, a lagging border collie, approached him and looked for his contact. The young man crouched down and stroked it for a moment.
"It's perfect !” answered Castiel all smiles
"What do you think Jackie? Can your dad do this ? "
Castiel looked disapprovingly. He went behind the counter to go into the office. He took a seat in the chair and poured himself a coffee. He watched the clock. 9:00. He inhaled and tasted his drink.
"If you find my favorite tape, I agree to answer one of your questions..."
"Perfect ! We are well positioned. How did that happen ? » asked Castiel
Castiel watched Jackie walk away with some emotion. Dean finished his coffee.
"Yes Dean Winchester, I wanted to bake you a cake ! Yes… a failed cake ! You know like the one fairies make for Aurora in
Dean was surprised: the biker had recognized the model of his baby. It was so rare.
Castiel nodded
"I had no choice but to be self-taught..." he replied, eating his ravioli "Hmm delicious ! "
“Of course you do better than everyone else !” she replied dryly
"I told you money is okay with me ! Why don't you sell me the most expensive thing ? "
Castiel began to methodically examine Dean.
"Come home, you can wait on the sofa, I'll make us a good coffee!" Castiel told him
“And here's the dessert !” Jackie announced proudly followed closely by Rowena who was holding a plate with the cake on it. She put it on the table. The cake was brilliantly brilliant.
I didn't specify but in France on Wednesday afternoons the children don't have class.
"It won't work Cas !" Dean said overwhelmed as he got off the Harley. He took off his helmet.
“Yeah… I have a lot of self-derision ! "
“To go up: the crucial point is to remain flexible, not to be abrupt. Make slow and decomposed gestures: one gesture at a time and remember to breathe ! We will repeat the ascent and descent several times. You will see that fluidity and flexibility will come with the workout ! "
He looked at Dean for a moment. The young man was still looking at the stars.
"And I don't know how to ride a motorcycle, but are you going to teach me ? "
Sam's cell phone vibrated and he glanced at it.
Castiel consoled her
Castiel closed his eyes. He found it hard to realize what had just happened. How could the situation have escalated so quickly and so quickly ? He opened his eyes again and saw that the young man was moving further and further away. He shifted his motorbike by hand and caught up with him.
"A pie you say, well follow me !" replied the red haired woman.
“Let's go !” he said confidently, although he was still a little stressed.
You can listen to “Say My Name” by Olafur Arnalds here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXE-e576T3M&ab_channel=LateNightTales
Jackie chuckled
"Uh… I'm sorry we're going to cut our ride short Mr. Winchester…" he said approaching Jackie.
"Is it so obvious? "
“Dean ?!” Castiel called out.
Castiel knew that the news of the divorce had come as an unheard-of shock shock to Luna. His behavior had worsened since then. She had become aggressive and hysterical. Castiel, meanwhile, had gotten over their relationship for a long time and he knew she couldn't stand it. He just regretted, like a good father he was, that his daughter suffered from his excesses.
“Castiel has a lot of qualities. He's trying to do the best he can. He’s a beautiful person, a rare person. "
Before leaving the bathroom, his phone vibrated. It was a message from Castiel
Dean's eyes were shining. Castiel was absolutely touched by his words. He smiles at him
“I actually feel really good. Like never before... " he said calmly “All my life I have forgotten myself because he has forgotten me... " he continued, closing his eyes. A tear rolled down her cheek.
"Sure ! And ... you can call me Dean! » he said giving Castiel a soft smile.
Castiel could not take his eyes off his daughter. He ends up sighing
Dean put on the jacket. He was amazed to find it fit him like a glove. He zipped it up
Ever since he had seen the impala enter his courtyard, Castiel's heart kept pounding in his chest. He didn't really understand what was happening to him. Or maybe if, precisely, he understood. His feelings were much stronger than those that could bind you to a casual acquaintance. But Dean didn't seem receptive at all. Finally, according to Castiel's interpretation.
The little girl did so dragging her feet before rushing into the house. Castiel was now looking at Luna with a cold gaze and a contracted face. Since their divorce, long and difficult, they spoke little to each other. Nevertheless, Castiel owed it to her for Jackie's well-being. Above all, he didn't want anything to blame himself or anything to owe to his ex-wife.
Castiel looked up in amazement. He had understood that Dean had been withdrawn since their meeting. So he was pleased to see Dean expressing himself a little more as the day went on.
for example. He wanted Dean to enjoy life, to break free from his trauma and to live life to the fullest. Or
"I didn't really have time to clean up… I wanted to do it after !” he said morosely
"I don't know how to ride a motorbike, Castiel ! I mean, I know I'm not gonna drive it, but I don't know how to be a good passenger ! “
"It was with it that I hiked the Scala di Santa Regina yesterday ! It’s with it that I have been traveling the roads for several years ! I'm sure you understand me ! "
Castiel got up and went to the bathroom adjoining his bedroom. After the intelligible ritual of showering and brushing his teeth, he prepared thoroughly. He put on a white cotton poplin shirt first and then his light blue denim motorcycle pants. The latter was similar to conventional jeans, which allowed him to wear it without being embarrassed outside of the practice of motorcycling. He then chooses to wear his Furygan sneakers, admittedly less protective than his boots, but more comfortable and more practical for his motorcycle trip of the day.
"I suggest a little stopover !" he said to him
Dean raised his eyebrows
"Well that's okay darling, it'll allow you to keep practicing baking and make us a great dessert! " Rowena said, patting the girl's nose "Go into the kitchen, I'll be right there! "
It was Dean Winchester who was in front of him.
"You can actually send me as many messages as you want! » said Castiel peacefully
Hope you still enjoy it.
Castiel took Dean's package out of the satchel and handed it to him.
"What ? " said Castiel uneasily
"What ?” said the latter indignantly
“Open the glove box and choose ! "
The biker saw that he was holding the business card between his fingers
"Um yes ! One of your regulars, I guess, gave me your card. Do you go out on a motorcycle ? "
below. Dean observed this breathtaking landscape for a moment while respecting the safety instructions transmitted by Castiel. He now understood the infatuation of the experienced rider. He especially understood the supposed words of this one which had prevented him from taking this road with his impaling impala. The road was not only twisty and broken, but it was also extremely narrow. He smiled and for a moment imagined him and Baby trudging along the path. This is what would have happened if he hadn't come across Castiel by chance. A happy coincidence when you think about it. He hugged Castiel a little tighter at the thought.
"You tried to start the 3rd world war you mean !” Dean joked
"Pity !” Dean chuckled
"I know…" said Castiel still saddened.
Dean nodded and looked at the scenery again to take in it. It was then that the two men heard hooves banging against the rock and barking below. Castiel rushed enthusiastically to the parapet and leaned down a little noticing that a rider was making his way with his two donkeys and three dogs.
Dean swallowed his saliva. He grabbed the rear handle. Castiel grimaced.
The primary school principal commented
boots and his
"I don't see which one ..." lamented the man with the blue eyes.
After a few kilometers Castiel took advantage of one of the few viewpoints that crisscrossed the road to shift down and gradually come to a stop. He knew very well that the passenger seat was not the most comfortable and that Dean would end up feeling very tired and having some stiffness.
He saw that Dean and Sam were standing arm in arm and walking together towards the entrance of the house. He put on his helmet with the visor up and glanced at Dean one last time, hoping to meet his deep green gaze one last time. And it was, Dean stared at him intently and smiled tenderly at him before rushing into his brother's house. Heat spread through Castiel's body, electrifying him completely. He felt an intense joy which gave him the necessary impetus to return to Ajaccio.
"Hello ! It is superb your car Mr Winchester ! "
"It's perfect !” said Castiel, reveling in the mixture and the sparkling green eyes of the 30-year-old.
Enjoy !
"You see you had to swap your impala for a motorcycle !” answered Castiel amused
"It’s very large, but it contains few bright stars, and its shape does not particularly resemble a whale !" Dean indicated
“First : you have to learn to ride the bike. The pilot always sets up first. And it is only at my signal that you will be able to climb ! "
So what's the plan this time around ?” Dean asked electrified
The biker laughs again
"Well, if I did, it was because I wanted to.” Dean said closing his eyes “In fact I feel good since I've known you and Jackie… since I've known… you… ” he continued falling asleep.
with you.  Its not my fault you chose to internalize my words and
Dean swung his legs over the edge of his bed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and then squinting at the blazing sliver of morning sunshine cutting between the curtains across the room.
vulnerable.  Dean was almost certain that if they tried to cheat Crowley on this deal he would absolutely retaliate and Cas would be the one to suffer.
Castiel made his eyes focus, sharpening the blurry outlines of the room, and found that he was still looking at the sigils hand painted on the door.
Castiel didn’t look convinced, only mollified for now, but Dean lept at the opportunity to change the subject while he still could.
.  They were vampires, werewolves, wendigos, various forgettable monsters…and angels.  So many angels.  Some of them had died angry, rage in their eyes even after Dean had speared them on the end of a borrowed angel blade.  But most of them…most of them all had the same flash of shock, sometimes confusion, right after he landed the fatal blow.  Like they didn’t
“And you've been there before?”  Dean asked, still deeply unsettled.
He sighed.  The guy was a pleb.  He didn’t know anything.
specifically. But he quickly discarded the idea, Cas looked more frightened now than he had in the last week and Dean had been around him almost constantly since then.
Maybe he had taken them all out in once piece and buried them instead of letting them go like so many other bits. It made sense, that he'd want to keep them close, given the intensity of what he felt for Dean already. Those memories must be of particular importance.
are in Kansas’.
“You can ask whatever questions you wish as soon as we find a place to sleep. That flight was more challenging than I anticipated.” He placated, glancing up at the dark, cloud-laden sky before turning his back on Sam and starting to walk.  “And I cut holes in the back of my tunic before we left.  Now, clearly I misscalculated the time of our arrival but if the co-ordinates were correct, then we are in the fields just to the west of the city of Whiterun.  Though how
“Violent behaviour?”  Dean parroted, feeling appalled.  “Cas wouldn’t hurt a fly.  In fact, I literally witnessed him befriend a hive of bees just so he could gather some of their honey!”
In the distance, a drowsey hoot, not unlike that of an owl, could be heard.
The only thing he could figure was that Dean was a hunter.  But that had never bothered Cas before.  At least, Dean thought it hadn't...until he'd seen how at ease Castiel could be when he had one of his kin close by.  Almost like he could allow his guard down now that there was another angel to have his back.  Like he thought Sam or Dean would ever hurt him.  Like he was wary of them.  Like he was scared of them and Dean just hadn't been aware of it until he saw Cas let his guard down for the first time.
“I might be able to make that happen...I think,” he added, trying to work out the logistics of it.  The pot was small but he could do them in batches.  And he had a bottle of wine he'd bought – both Cas and Hannah preferred the milder taste on their turbo charged taste buds than they did whiskey or beer – as well as a bottle of generic spice and some not-rotten vegetables and something that had looked close to being steak that he'd picked up at the little market.  He'd bought bread too, not thinking they had no toaster, and a couple other staples to give them several options on what to cook.
But Dean had stopped listening and Sam was looking back at Cas too, gun still trained on the poor, terrified dorctor.  Despite the urgency and the fact that they were really pushing their luck by continuing to stand there, Dean ducked his head to catch Cas’ eye.
And, of course, Thorygg himself.  He was a big, muscular man with blonde hair pulled back from his hard face in a braid.  He wore
“Jesus, I’m sorry, Cas.  I had a timer on my watch to make sure this wouldn’t happen, but I took it off yesterday to take a shower and then with everything that happened after Liam got here, I…” Dean stopped talking abruptly, as if someone had gripped his throat too tightly for him to speak.
“Long story.  Cas called.  Went to get him.  Here we are.”
“Uh…” Dean cleared his throat again, “I think we might be closing in on the release spell for that binding.  How are you holding up?”
“Are you concerned I might need slowing down?” he drawled, scrunching his eyes shut around another twist of pain.  He spat an Enochian curse word but it did little to dull the needle-like stabs spiking within his chest.
“We were told to eliminate the Greybeards to try to anger Paarthurnax,” Falion spilled in a rush.  “Everyone knows that dragons have a natural lust for power and legend has it that Paarthurnax is the only one who has fought his natural instincts and won.  They...they wanted to push Paarthurnax back into hating humans.”
“Could you?”
His mind conjured up an unhelpful image of blood spattering on the angel's lips, splashing up from within his ruined vocal chords, and Dean cursed, scraping together the dregs of his energy, pushing aside the ache in his muscles and launching himself at the filthy demon who'd been twisting those screws deeper into Castiel's brain.
.  When Cas smiled, Dean smiled.  He made Dean worry about not stepping on small plants.  He made Dean want to read books about plants so he could know more about Cas’ interests.  He made Dean have to fight hard when Cas wanted ridiculous stuff – like two weeks ago when Cas had showed up at the bunker door with a baby rabbit with a bloody ear in his hands and big blue puppy eyes already firmly in place.
All that was missing was a field of slaughtered enemies and their blood dripping from his sword.
Several emotions were suddenly pushing up against Dean's skin and he blinked rapidly, frozen in the midst of the sudden onslaught.  Sam was walking away towards the little foot washing station where fresh water was pumped in, with Hannah walking close at his side.
, Castiel told himself firmly.
, Dean reminded himself firmly.
"Oh my god," Sam huffed a groggy laugh, abandoning his futile attempt to fix his hair.  "Dean, look."
Racking his brain now, he couldn’t come up with any reasons why Cas
was beautiful, Dean felt himself thinking as he curled his arm around one of the deck posts and leaned against it.
Sam had stayed up with him, reading in the library but not saying anything about Dean's nervous energy; merely lending the comfort of his presence.
Sam offered the man a vapid smile, brown eyes glittering like a predator that had just cornered its prey.
Sam’s face was an odd mixture of cautiousness and curiosity, but Cas merely looked at Dean with that small 'humans-are-so-weird' frown on his face.
There was a beat of silence and then Dean could actually
to do something – if something ever came up for him to do.  And he desperately wished it would, because it had been just over a month since he’d told Cas to come home and they hadn’t heard from the angel since.
“I’m so glad you’re home, Cas,” he whispered into the slumbering angel’s hair.  “I’m so fucking glad you’re home.”
The serpent gave him a tender squeeze.
.  I am worried for him but…I have to look after myself and my business.  I do not want the Thieves Guild to come looking for him here.  I have tried to help him in the past but his safety is not my responsibility!"
She swallowed, readjusting her shot gun as if the mere idea of turning her back on him was suicide.  “Your eyes are glowing.  What does that mean?”
“You guys are assholes,” Dean grumbled, blindly hefting the greatsword over his shoulder and back into the wide-mouthed sheath, relieved when he got it in on the first try.
In the brief moment Castiel’s eyes darted up, they stared right through Dean – hyper-alert but completely lost.
“Um...” He wondered what constituted an episode worth counting.  “Two or three?  It's not usually this...difficult to control.  I can usually...” he sighed, having the sudden urge to come clean.  “Sometimes I will see something and it takes me a moment to realize it's not really there.  That it's not real.  Sometimes it gets stuck there but usually it goes away as soon as I realize.  But sometimes I
So guess who went off their meds and suddenly had the urge to start writing again!  THIS GUY
“That does
Through the sound of the waterfall, birdsong trickled through and the gurgle of the stream draining away from the pool was calming enough for Dean to latch on to.
They were royally fucked up.
“What about the Stormcloaks?” Dean asked.
, Cas?”
“Fear,” he barked raggedly, satisfied to note that it wasn’t him that scent was coming from.  He was too angry to be scared.
“Saadia even had time to bake some deserts today,” she went on, “If you're in the mood for something sweeter we have some boiled cream treats and fresh apple pie.”
Dean looked dangerously close to crying.  Or breaking something.  Or both.  Either way there were tears welling in his eyes and Castiel could only stare stupidly as the man rose and viciously scrubbed them away with the same fury Castiel had seen him scrub bird shit off the Impala.
Liam readjusted his glasses and ran a hand down the front of his wool coat, absently smoothing out some creases.
It turned out that the descent in the road was a short one and after only a hundred yards or so the terrain evened out.
succeeded, but as you well know, spell work of this level is a tricky business.  You have to be
Suddenly the time was perfect and Dean felt the tight knot that had been in his chest for the last few months finally loosen and he sagged with the sudden relief of it.  He kissed Castiel fiercely, hoping against everything that it would tell Cas all the things he’d hadn’t said out loud yet.
He gagged around the constriction – the searing
this pain was different. Because, down here, different was worth looking at. Things seldom changed where he was.
Cas smelled like a passing thunderstorm – he blinked through the dark, trying to make his human eyes see through it.  He’d almost expected to be able to see Cas glowing like he was radioactive or something.  Or see extra limbs or…
“Dean, I’m fine.”  The snap wasn’t in his words but it was definitely in the sharpness of his gaze.  Cas turned to face him fully, a sudden, fierce mask doing a good job of covering the fear in his blue eyes.  “It is
with distrust written plainly across her face, and Castiel fought the sudden urge to hide, curling his wings around his shoulders.
Dean stared at the man, dumbstruck yet again by the simplicity of such a profound insight.
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, feeling overwhelmed and saying as much.  “This is just…a lot a heavy shit.  And I just don’t know where to start.  This Biblical stuff keeps getting crazier and crazier…not to mention more depressing.  No wonder angels are so messed up.”
Now here he was in the same place anyway, just twenty-four hours and one angel on suicide watch later.
too soon, Dean was jarred awake by the sound of someone smashing a hammer onto the steel anvil outside and he groaned into the soft leather animal skins under his face.
key events
On the far side of the pit, a man in a brown tunic and a thick leather belt and green pants was plucking away on a strange looking string instrument that looked like a double-necked violin, and a few people were sitting on benches and chairs around the roaring fire with metal steins in their hands.  A few small tables with chairs were scattered along either wall and to the right of the fire pit, Dean saw the long wooden bar with a few empty stools placed in front of it.
Dean pushed past Sam and fled, only just crashing to his knees in front of the toilet in time for his coffee to come back up.
“Maybe not, but what I'm saying is that it's ok
Castiel swallowed, closing his eyes against a lance of pain in his chest that had nothing to do with the binding or the sigil.  “Yes, you did.  And its true, in any case.”  Castiel gave him an out, but the words stung.  He
even if he tried.  Which was probably for the best, he thought, following Dean through the heavy metal door to the bunker.  He remembered what sleep was like from when he was human.  As if willingly falling unconscious wasn’t terrifying enough, his brain had, most confusingly, been primed to make his sleep as horrifying and unrestful as possible.
“Judging by the look on your face, that’s a crock of shit,” Dean declared blandly.  Cas didn’t correct him and still wouldn’t look at either of them.  “C’mon man, I know it’s hard to talk about this shit, but you gotta try.  Would you be fine giving him certain feathers and not others?  He didn’t specify, so if you are, then –“
“Yeah, where are we going anyway and what the hell happened back there?”  Dean asked, finally able to breathe right.  “I thought the plan was to ask around, gather some intel...what changed?”
The impala roared down the poorly funded East coast highway, tires skipping over wide cracks and missing chunks of asphalt in a way that made Dean wonder if Baby’s shocks needed to be replaced.
“Crowley,” Dean growled in warning, feeling the scotch roll in his stomach.
He felt as if an icy, ghostly blade had just cut him open from belly to throat.
“Why are you taking an interest in angels now?”
Languages and wars and siblings and flying and
He was in a remote area, the gas station the only thing he could see in either direction down the single road in front of him.  The tall fir trees all around kept him from seeing very far, so he turned back to the building, noting the little sign in the door that said ‘closed’.
that there was something going right over his head; he thought he was doing something wrong by not being able to figure out how to answer the officer’s questions correctly and it broke Dean’s heart a little.
prayer, Dean.” – when they were sure they wanted to commit to the job.
They were standing in a small, dark room.  To their left was a table and chairs, a bookshelf and an octagon shaped table with strange, glowing carvings in the top of it that Dean hadn’t noticed until now.  To the right was another, smaller room with nothing but a staircase in it leading up to the next floor.
As Sam, Jessy and Cesar crept cautiously closer, Castiel turned back to Dean with an even more stern expression.
“Ok, good, that usually means you’re clear of a broken rib.  But I’m gonna press gently on each one and you need to tell me if any of them hurt more than the ones before it ‘cause you might have fractured one, ok?”
“Sure,” Dean finally managed to answer, careful but without hesitation. He wanted Cas to know it was ok to ask for things, unlike what he'd been led to believe in the past, but he also wanted to give Cas a chance to back out if he needed to. “It's pretty easy, once you know how.”
He helped Cas sit up, though the angel grimaced and huffed when his longest flight feathers dragged against the ground.  He rolled into a crouch, wings arching up high and the tips reaching into the air in an obvious stretch, before he pulled them down against his back once more, the feathers ruffling to settle back into place.
"Dean!" his little brother snapped as he tossed the torture device to the floor. "Come on, get his hands free!"
amused.  “Its not important.”
Most confusingly, Ivarstead guards had the same helmet as the Whiterun guards – a closed face with nothing but two black holes to see through – but had the same thick padded tunic as the guards outside Helgen…but their wool wrap was a dark purple.
Dean bit out in a clipped tone, "Three beds."
Lucifer did not whisper.  Lucifer did not beg.
he was trying to defend.
The grapes looked a little weird – a deep navy blue – but they were sweet and tasted good against the sharpness of the cheese.
The Jarl turned and tossed a rather sizable coin purse at Cas, who's hand darted out to pluck it from the air.
Mike leaned back in his chair, his expression hardening further.  Without a word he flipped the file closed and left, the door clicking softly behind him.
Castiel panted, hating himself for a multitude of reasons.  He wished Dean would let go of his wrists; his hands, so comforting before, now felt like shackles.
It had been a long time since Castiel had last flinched away like that.  After a few incidents in the bunker when Sam had reached in front of him for a book or Dean had gone to clap him on the shoulder, he and Sam had finally gotten the whole story about how Castiel had been tied down and cut open so Metatron could extract his grace.  It had left both brothers sick to their stomach and it had taken a few months of careful movements and gentle touches to warm Castiel up to physical contact again.  But every once in a while when he was particularly on edge, it seemed his fight or flight instincts kicked in a little too hard and all that old fear – of touch-equals-pain – came back full force.
“Nothing,” Sam answered, too quickly, “I’m just…still surprised you read all the links I forward to you.”
Dean stared at the man across the table.  Taking in his flat expression, the way his brown eyes glinted in the light over head like a scope in the sun, belying danger.  He wasn’t supposed to say anything, but he’d already fucked that rule.
It was humiliating and he didn’t want to have to sit with that shame.  He
Shame, Castiel remembered, was a disgusting feeling, and his lip curled around the sour taste of it, his gut swooping.  Frustrated, he tugged on either side of his shirt, feeling a tiny amount of satisfaction when the rest of the buttons pinged off the floor.
Sam sounded so confident and so focused that Dean immediately felt a weight lift of his shoulders and he rested his forehead against the - likely filthy - metal box around the payphone, relief spilling through his chest.
Sam looked at him like he'd suddenly grown an extra head.  “Of
One corner of Cas' mouth twitched ever so slightly.  “No, there isn't.” The angel's fingers drummed once against the armrest of his chair, his blue eyes still fixed on Sam.  “Not on Earth.”
To be fair, both he and Sam had moved to the edge of the water and had their backs turned, so Cas couldn’t see them staring.
“Dean,” Castiel firmly interrupted him.
Dean stayed sitting on the edge of his bed, trying to push back the lingering fog of sleep from his brain, and watched Cas chewing slowly on the last piece of his bread.  The angel's blue eyes were back on the fire, unfocused as he turned over the thoughts in his head.
Dean's head snapped up so fast he may have pulled something.  “Apple pie?” he asked, his voice sounding strangled.  He ignored the burning sensation of Cas and Sam’s stare.
“When did you last see Reyda?” Castiel asked patiently.
He turned his head and saw Cas on the third bed roll that was placed along the back of the tent.
“Ok.”
“What’s your last name, Dean?”  Mike asked, flipping open the folder and click his pen.  He didn’t even look up.
“Just make sure you stir it every few minutes,” Dean instructed softly, lifting the lid off the pot and using the long spoon to stir the contents. “Like this.  Ok?”
closely.
Hannah stood from the stump she had been sitting on, walking behind where Cas was crouched by the fire and dragging her fingers through the feathers at the top of his left wing to get his attention.
“Which means one of two things.  Either he’s delusional because of drugs or a mental disorder or he’s so scared of what
“We all have different ways of perceiving the world around us,” Liam continued patiently.  “As humans, the thought of someone being able to look into our very soul seems like a terrible breach of privacy.  As an angel, Castiel is merely trying to understand your mood and emotions by reading them in their truest, most unfiltered form.  Angels cannot hear what you are not saying, they can’t ‘read between the lines’ and they don’t like to make assumptions because assumptions can be incorrect.  We humans are riddled with things like social pressure, personal shame, anxieties, and concerns over how others perceive us and it makes us talk in all kinds of ridiculous, elaborate, and illogical ways.  Angels want only to communicate clearly and effectively and do not, generally, tie emotion to information that needs to be delivered, they simply deliver it and expect the same in return.”
just wander around outside by himself whenever he wanted.  What if a demon or an angel or something else found him and discovered he
eyes, it was easy enough to see the shape of his own feathers in the wispy light.  Not whole feathers, they were much too large for that, but the grain of a single plume, or the edge of a shaft here and there.  He doubted the humans noticed such details.  Something Castiel was grateful for.  It hinted at the monstrous size of his real body, something he was sure would unsettle them even further.
’ expression.
He decided against it, not wanting to bother with taking all his armor off again and then having to put it back on.
He was tired of everything hurting.
why Cas was uncomfortable, why he was
“What about Hannah?”  Castiel suddenly asked, some of the feathers flattening like he was making a conscious effort to mask his blush.  He was only partially successful.
The trio was led up a long flight of stairs in the back corner of the Hall, to a smaller space with a few tables, shelves and weapon racks, all of which were empty. Dean moved over to the nearest table, finding a large map spread over its surface.
Cas slept and Dean didn’t  He stayed awake through the night, trying not to feel the coldness growing between their bodies, pushing away Dean’s warmth faster than he could produce it.  He refused to shiver, refused to acknowledge it - only clutched Castiel closer while he ignored the light sputtering like a dying flame at the end of that long, dark tunnel.
“I am
It took the man pointing it out for Castiel to become aware of it.  He
Dean stared up at the canopy of trees, hearing Cas wading back out of the water amidst the soft chatter of Cesar and Jessy telling Sam about their plans for Alaska.  Under his back, the moss was thick and soft enough that he could have fallen asleep and he had to wrench his eyes back open more than once.  No wonder Castiel liked to spend the night out here.  It was almost better than his memory foam mattress.  And the smell of the earth and trees was way better than the musty air in the bunker.
“Did you
As if angry about the reminder of his predicament and the shame protruding from his back, his grace hissed and bucked, pushing against the bonds that only squeezed tighter in response, and Castiel doubled over, breathless.  He braced his left wing against the wall and his right against the floor, bringing both hands up to press against his sternum, trying to breathe.
By the time they found the graveyard, on the southern edge of the city, the sun was below the city scape behind them, casting long, reaching shadows, making the air hazy and golden and painting everything in soft tones of gold and pink.
them.”
' and shoving it way, way down.
“Did someone hit you?” the officer coaxed.
“God, it's barely lunch time and these people are wasted,” Dean observed with a grin.  “I like it here.”
Cas turned and eyed Liam warily.
If he had, he could have avoided this entire uncomfortable encounter.  If he hadn’t been in the state he was, she never would have had time to even squeeze the trigger.
Sam glowered and thrust the bottle at him.
Dean watched as Sam hefted the lid open, both Sam and the lid groaning under the strain of its weight.
Dean grinned and shook his head.  "Yeah, me too.  Dinner?"
, no – ahh!”  Castiel couldn’t help the laughter bubbling from his throat and he pushed his feet into the sofa cushions, trying to get away from Sam’s wriggling fingers but getting nowhere due to Dean sitting solid and warm at his back, grabbing his arms so he couldn’t slap Sam’s hands away.
Each of them were clutching a shield in their left hand, impressive arm muscles popping under the weight, leaving their right ones free to grab the broadsword hanging on their hips.  If such a need arose.
His brother huffed a sigh into the phone.  "OK, so I was looking into this thing in Seattle a little more," he suddenly paused for a coughing fit.  It lasted a few seconds and Dean winced, Sam's throat was likely raw as hell.
“So, we keep heading north then?”  Sam asked, heaving himself out of the chair with great effort and grabbing the map off his bed.  He rolled it out on the floor in front of the fire and both Cas and Dean leaned in.
to sleep...that doesn't mean we
.  I have produced the most volume in burnable wood – therefor, I win.”
And now Cas was so far gone he was only letting them save him because they’d told him to.
to get to on foot.
“Sam’s fine,” Dean quickly explained, still smiling, still with both hands on Castiel’s shoulders.  “I got a hold of him two hours ago.  He’s fine.  We’re fine.  Everything is fine.”
It took Cas the better part of an entire hour to groom both wings to his liking but when he was finally done, he turned to grab the plate of food Sam had brought for him and reclaimed his seat by the fire, wings crossed behind him.
Sometimes, his life was absolutely ridiculous.
they are an angel, I will retract my statement.”
He'd woken up early enough that the sun had not yet risen and had tasked himself with stoking the nearly dead fire again, till the flames were to the height of his chest, then stood back with his hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket while he waited for day to break.
Of course it absolutely
Until he saw Cas behind him, still pressed close to the wall, and did a double take, skidding to a stop with wide eyes and a gaping mouth. His gaze flicked between his brother and Cas and he repeated, with a little more focus and a lot more confusion.
"We've been over this, Cas -"
He savagely ripped the sword from it’s face, imagining the shower of blood that would have followed if it had been real, and let his surging grace explode outward in a controlled shock wave.  The beast was knocked off it’s feet and all the weapons showcased on the walls rattled and shook; a few even came off their mounts and clattered to the floor.
“Seemed rude not to,” Cas muttered at length, staring just over Dean’s shoulder.
hate me, why should you hate me? What did I do?”
“Uh, isn’t nightshade poisonous?” Dean asked, concerned, as he stopped next to Cas.
“Lucifer beat the Darkness, Cas, and then me and Dean killed Lucifer. What you did, switching places with him, it not only took care of the Darkness but doing so weakened Lucifer to the point where we could finally kill him for good.” Sam explained slowly. “The two biggest threats to this planet are gone forever and we have you to thank for it.”
