‘You have to tell me… if anything’s not ok. If it’s too much, or if you want me to stop. Alright?’
), it is all-pervasive, overwhelming, and blinding-- the virus in the operating system, the solar storm that skews every instrument. When I was younger it seemed to pour into me from every outside source I encountered, and I could feel everything, all at once, and none of it was mine, and none of it made any sense. It was overwhelmingly horrible. Obviously it was preferable - vital, even - to eschew it. Obviously, I sometimes fail at this task, and frequently, of late, as evidenced by the doctor in my sitting room, and the tortured hessian cloth that used to be my back; by the bullet-hole in my chest, and perhaps most indicatively, by the accompanying metaphysical void that makes it difficult to breath with any conviction. Particularly in the presence of the aforementioned doctor.
Love: what is, all you need is, actually all around us, in the time of cholera, a chemical defect, dopamine, norepinephrine, serotonin, oxytocin, vasopressin, hormones, pheromones, compatible immunities, irrelevant, in the brain, a reproductive trick, 2.5 years, the seven year itch...
‘Of course it’s ok, don’t be ridiculous.’ I could tell she’d gone for imperious, but it had come off as a muted mumble instead. I cleared my throat.
. God. What if she did. Had. Felt something for me? The thought of her face, that flicker of fear, of genuine vulnerability. The thought caused a twist of guilt. Horrible guilt and something else.
‘Sorry, wasn’t thinking.’
‘Cut it out,’ I pushed her away with an effort of the shoulder.
Needless to say I generally prevented myself from throwing myself at Sherlock. But there had been plenty of times where the words ‘you’re amazing’ and ‘you’re brilliant’ felt like they wanted to be actions. Maybe that’s what people saw when they used to think we were a couple. Being with Sherlock makes me feel alive, when I first met her, sometimes I felt like I was beaming, glowing. She was exciting, and fascinating, and brilliant, and I finally felt alive, finally felt excited about life, and about someone. I couldn’t wait to come home at the end of the day. I guess I was a bit possessive, too. Am. I’m the one who knows Sherlock, who she brings along, I’m the only one, really. It’s probably a bit not good. She should probably have more friends. But I’m proud of being a part of it. I’m glad I’m allowed. I can complain about loads of things with Sherlock, I’d be the first to tell you she’s not perfect, and she is a nightmare flatmate. Probably. To someone else. But the thing is, I’m allowed to see it, and allowed to complain, and I’ll complain, and she probably won’t change, and she’ll complain about my un-indexed socks, and I won’t change that, and being a part of that day to day thing, that regularity, that’s brilliant too. A less bright brilliance than the glow of the cases, but just as warm.
It occurred to me, 23 minutes into my lunch-break on the Tuesday following my conversation with Sherlock, that in some matters, I was a spectacular coward.
‘I thought that was rather the point,’ she said, wiggling her fingers a little.
‘In addition, I don’t require you to dress in heels, or business dresses, or make attempts with that blue eye-shadow stuff you still haven’t worked out how to apply properly. I’m already well aware what your eye shape and colour is in a range of situations, along with your various bodily features regardless of dress,’ I made a strangled noise, but she persisted before it could form into words, ‘and I provide you with entertainment – you can’t tell me you find the latest Hollywood concoction more interesting than our cases, because I know for a fact you don’t. You’ve walked out on three films for a case, including one of those dreadfully implausible spy ones you like so much.’
‘Ok, ok, I get the picture. Just so you know, I’m taking that as “I like you well enough to convince myself it’s worth it no matter what”.’
‘Interesting.’ A waft of autumn chill announced Sherlock's entrance, and I peeked out of the kitchen to see her performing the feat by which she somehow extracted herself from her coat without ever tearing her eyes away from her phone.
‘Mine is closer,’ she said, then dragged me down to kiss her, fingers slipping between our tongues. Like she knew.
‘So, which bit were you wrong about?’ He squirmed mentally, trying to remember what all had been said. To say his memories of that day were bittersweet in the extreme significantly understated the emotional maelstrom it had been. Never in his life had he felt more emotionally bared, or less himself... though on bad days, a hateful inner voice suggested that his true self was exactly the unfaithful and abusive monstrosity he’d let out then. He generally tended to ignore that inner voice.
‘Surely, it’s not that much a stretch. Fine, you haven’t sat in that specific spot, but you’ve certainly been in a similar location before, only last week you checked in when I was discharged from hospital.’
I let her go and both of us went our own ways, me muttering about cod liver oil as a source for vitamin D, her muttering about the statistical likelihood of meeting a serial killer online. Which I was not, for the record, listening to. At all.
You told me you said this to her, your sister, when you didn’t know her, but the words weren’t ever for her, not really. Your finger ran along the line of the Sig, as you spoke to me, because it had been me you thought of – me, in that bedsit, before I knew you, and all the other times when the process of living and breathing was almost too much to endure, but just barely wasn’t. And that’s been the way of it, hasn’t it. The things you say, the things you do. Ever since we met, you’re hardly speaking if it’s not to me. And I…I know you’ll laugh if I say I’ve been thinking, but I’ll say it anyway, now that I finally can – I’ve hardly a thought that isn’t for you
(London & Edinburgh, T. Nelson and Sons).
‘Shut up. Just shut up.’
John silenced him with a clearing of the throat, ‘I’m not going to pretend my entire sexuality has changed overnight. You know where I’ve been. But, er, more importantly, you know where I am now. Which is here. This is where I want to be, Sherlock. Quite frankly, I don’t know what I am, now, I mean, I don’t know that there's a proper label for it. But it’s yours, whatever it is. I meant what I said.’
I put my thumb on her lips and her eyes flickered opened, ‘Joan?’
‘Oh. Sorry. I mean. Did you want me to… you know…’
Joan settles in for a quiet evening, Sherlock has other ideas, which she makes known, eventually.  Behold, smut.  Fairly humorous smut, but smut nonetheless.
I perceived, to my relief, that I must have been scowling. She reached across and snatched the serviette from between my fingers, where my biscuits had been resting. She wiped her fingertips with microscopic precision, dabbed her lips, and put the folded, soiled thing back in my hand.
She shook her head.
I still hoped a bit like that now, hoped she could tell from how I was kissing her, and from how I held her face in my hands. Smooth, so smooth, her alien skin, the fine hairs of her eyebrows and temples, the hair that was live and perfect, and not broken, and not caked with blood.
‘Harry wouldn’t have you?’ Because the heart, which stopped on the table for two minutes, is beating far too rapidly, and there is pain everywhere, in my chest and in my diaphragm, and in places where I wasn’t shot, and I want you to stay more than anything I’ve ever known, but I want you here forever, not for one rucksack-length, and I want you yesterday, and two years ago, and ten years on, but in this moment, all the wanting feels more like cardiac arrest.
‘Not one of your best deductions, if I’m honest. That is 50% of the population.’
‘Tea?’
, the apotheosis, the zenith, the alpha and the omega, the absolute catalyst of everything since the moment he had appeared, the -
That’s right. Even though she clearly knows enough about these things to be able to deduce a crime of passion from a few fingernail clippings, not to mention keeping Sean the PA strung along for several months.
The universe allowed me, therefore, approximately the elapsed time of a blowfly egg-laying venture, in which to exercise the hope that Sherlock would not discover said dating profile.
‘Other stuff?’
‘You’ve been affected by me being around lately, haven’t you.’
‘Yeah, well, that’s just because of the lighting, and you weren’t even really facing me.’
Right. So. The other thing that the girls at work
that. Not really. Not even when she was trying to get at Magnussen’s P.A. Despite what he’d told the papers. God, she knew I knew that, so what the hell…
And yet… not long into my enjoyably commentary-free cookery watching experience, I noticed that something was slightly off. For starters, Sherlock had not turned a page since she had sat down - unusual, considering that her reading speed was usually just short of ‘scanner’. In fact, she seemed a bit frozen except for the occasional sideways flicking of her eyes, but she wasn’t watching the programme either.
In the end, it’s just you and me, and the world - our world - and that’s more than fine.
experience I could differentiate between that and
‘Please, I may not be a gentleman, but I am a gentleman at heart,’ the posh growly voice was there again, otherwise she'd have got a ribbing for all of it.
‘Mph’ she nodded against my forehead, one hand still sort of wrapped behind my head, pushing us together.
You lean back and study your own little hands, folded on your stomach. I remember how angry you were with me on the Baskerville case, and we still had to share the room in that cold Dartmoor Inn. It was supremely awkward, and yet, entirely un-deletable. You were so angry at me, and yet you didn’t leave.
‘Of course, I wouldn’t have suggested it unless I could predict within a 98% accuracy that the encounter would be successful enough to warrant repetition. And you really shouldn’t refer to it as “trying”, it’s misleading.’
“Might as well answer it. It’s for you,” Sherlock said confidently.
“Stop.”
He wasn’t sure how long he walked about just wasting time. A few hours, at least. He wasn’t ready to be home yet. Eventually his coffee was gone and he tossed the empty cup in a bin. The rain let up at one point.
Sherlock had been home with Rosie all day and when he walked in after his shift to see the two of them camped inside a blanket fort they had created he couldn’t help the swell of affection and sentiment that rose in his chest and lodged in his heart.
Yes, he did love Sherlock. Had loved him. But he wasn’t under any illusions that Sherlock ever loved him. He believed Sherlock cared for him, of course, in the way he could. He believed Sherlock saw him as a friend.
“And to old friends,” John answered evenly.
“I’m starving,” John divulged and Sherlock chuckled.
By the end of the evening, he was smiling and relaxed, and surprised to find that he had rather enjoyed himself. The chocolates he gifted everyone seemed to be accepted well and he ended up leaving the party with his own collection of gifts, including a rather surprising bottle of good wine.
“John,” Sherlock breathed out and John looked up at him through his lashes. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on him, pupils blown wide as he watched John take him further into his mouth before pulling up and working his tongue around him again. “Come up here.”
“Because you’re my friend, Sherlock,” John asserted in exasperation. “You are so much better of a man than they ever give you credit for. They don’t like that you don’t fit into the little box they think you should and I’ll be damned before I let them force their expectations of your private life and sexuality on you as well. So yes, when people made their assumptions I shot them down. It isn’t their business.” He leaned forward in his chair, his elbows on his knees, and held his face in his hands as he stared at the carpet.
John pressed closer, then dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock, his hands at his belt and trousers. He dipped his fingers into the waistband and Sherlock lifted his hips off the bed so John could pull his trousers down and off, along with his socks.
“Well, decaying fish or bacteria produced gases, I still love the smell.’
“Sherlock!” he called out, and the man turned towards his voice, his eyes widened slightly in surprise before he seemed to gather himself. “What are you doing here?”
“Have you ever concerned that we’re on the same side?”
“He’s a grown man, Mycroft. He can look after himself.”
“You’re a doctor, John. You can figure it out. Read a book. Look online somewhere. Go to a pet shop.”
“No plans, yet. It’s only been 12 hours, Mrs. Hudson.”
Mrs. Hudson snorted, turning away from Sherlock and coming up to John. She patted his cheek with a gentle hand. “I’m going to make tea. I think you’re going to need it.”
“I’m not going out on Christmas Eve to buy candy canes for you to dip in acid.”
“It is always nice to have a friend,” Sherlock agreed, and John didn’t miss the verdigris eyes that shifted up to him for a moment before he turned his attention back to Rosie. “We’ll have to put Ice Cream where you found the new one tomorrow before we leave.”
Rosie’s eyes narrowed in intensity, in no mood to be intimidated by Sherlock. “Chocolate ice cream,” she reminded him, shaking her whole hand emphatically.
“You and Alex,” he answered. Sherlock knew he should have approached this conversation with more caution, but it was against his nature to not jump in head first, especially when it came to John.
Sherlock leaned down further, his mouth inches from John’s, his warm breath ghosting over his lips.
“Just remember what I said, Dr. Watson. Merry Christmas,” Mycroft called out before he closed the door and the car pulled away.
When he made his way home, his thoughts shifted from his work and work-related box, to his Sherlock and everything-that-entailed box. It was a shambles of a box and he didn’t know how to begin sorting through it without letting his emotions box spill out all over it, but he didn’t think he could avoid it anymore.
“Make what worth my while?” John asked, genuinely confused.
They lost themselves in the steady sway of their bodies seeking and giving pleasure. Sighs and moans and breathy exclamations and names of lovers on lips filled the room as they focused on nothing except each other. When one of Sherlock’s hands went from John’s waist to his cock, he cried out, and came. White bursts of light brightened behind closed eyes and Sherlock cried out his name as he thrust hard into John before stilling as he came as well, pulsing into John repeatedly. John’s heart thudded hard in his chest as he leaned over to press a messy kiss to Sherlock’s mouth, uncaring of the stickiness between their bodies.
“Oh, wonderful! Let’s get this tree decorated, then.”
He shook his head again.
Then he laid down on the sofa and considered his next steps regarding the case and the surprisingly interesting Dr. John Watson. He had found the man intriguing when Mike had brought him up to the lab earlier with the intention of introducing them, but there was more to the man than met the eye, and that was delightful in a way that he often didn’t find people.
He pushed thoughts of his flatmate from his mind as his date suggested moving their date to the couch and maybe popping in a film, and John readily agreed, not caring what film was picked as he had very little intention of actually watching it.
“Yes, I am a doctor, and I know I’ve had several sick patients recently and could very well be a carrier. So, don’t argue with me and listen to your doctor. Eat your soup, then you’re going to rest.”
As he passed an alleyway, lost in his thoughts, he caught a strange sound. He had already stopped and was turning back towards the noise before his mind made a conscious decision. It had been a noise of distress and it only took three steps into the darkened alley before he found the source.
Sherlock knew. He knew. He wasn’t supposed to know how John felt, not the deepest crevices of his heart, those locked boxes that he only acknowledged in the silent graveyard and his previously quiet flat when the nightmares woke him.
Mrs. Hudson ushered him to the couch in her living room and went back into her kitchen where we heard her bustling about with the kettle and a few minutes later, she made her way back into the room with a tray filled with tea and biscuits. She set the tray down and settled down beside him after pressing a cup into his hands, prepared just as he liked.
In any case, it was a good coffee shop. The coffee and pastries were fantastic, and they were enjoying themselves. He wasn’t surprised the coffee shop was good. It had come highly recommended, actually. Unfortunately, the one who so highly sang its praises was now practically breathing down his neck and telling him they must go, now, the game was on and a case needed to be solved. That part wasn’t surprising, either.
John frowned. He really didn’t want to talk about that.
Sherlock watched him carefully. John nodded again.
“I took Joy for a walk before you came home.”
“God help me, I do,” John agreed.
John didn’t feel like talking much, after that, and after a couple of minutes of silent contemplation, he turned and made his way back home.
“John.”
When John was mostly finished, Sherlock grabbed a box and went down to grab a taxi for them to take back to Baker Street. John joined him a few minutes later and they loaded the boot before they climbed into the back seat.
Sherlock arched a brow at that. John shrugged again.
At his movement, Joy had lifted her head, her ears perking up as she watched him before she stood and stretched on the bed, matching John’s own stretching movements as he stood up from the bed.
“Yes, but they aren’t hideous. Nor are they on a card we mailed to all of our friends and family. Why are we displaying this?”
“Your choice for dinner,” he said as she came back to the door, pulling on her thick winter coat. Letting her choose was the least he could do after all she had done for him. Especially since the smell had strengthened as he stood outside the open door.
“Yes, of course. Far too much,” he said.
“Chew first, then talk,” John said, somehow managing to keep a straight face.
He would send her a text and ask to reschedule. If he remembered.
“Daddy, I wanna swim!” Rosie called out.
“I think you should tell him,” she suggested.
He closed his eyes in a vain attempt to fall back into the dream that he had woken from, anyway. It was rare for him to want to return to anything he had dreamed, but this one had been rather lovely. Well, part of it, at least.
“Mm. Goodnight, John,” Sherlock sighed, already mostly back asleep.
“Huh. Okay then. So...I guess I just need to pack a bag for me and Rosie, then.”
Why was he letting his thoughts wander off to Sherlock right now? The man had been clear he wasn’t interested, and his current date had been relatively clear that she was. Much more pleasant thoughts. She was shy, but he could work with shy. He knew how to give genuine compliments, and even not-so-genuine ones. Yes, this date could definitely go in his favor. He shook thoughts of Sherlock out of his mind and turned his attention back towards the movie and the woman at his side.
“Well, she does love to dote on her. I hardly think she considered it any trouble at all. She’s not likely to have any other grandchildren to…” he started, then coughed and shook his head. “Not that Rosie is her grandchild, of course, she doesn’t see her that way,” he tried to backtrack, clearly flustered, and John reached out a hand to place it on his friend’s shoulder.
A quick deduction, an address and a name, a wink (people seemed to like it when he winked), and he was out the door and off to his old flat to finish packing and move into Baker Street that evening. He would win over the doctor, he was sure of it, and Mycroft would have to back off.
“You have me,” John replied, looking up at the other man before he pulled Sherlock’s cheeks apart and licked a broad stripe from balls to tailbone and Sherlock bucked beneath him.
“The jumpers?”
John pushed up on his hands to look down at Sherlock as he rolled his hips again, then began a steady rhythm. Sherlock was completely focused on the vision of John above him, and John held his gaze as he rocked into him. He wrapped his legs around John’s hips, causing the angle to shift, and he cried out when John hit his prostate. Pure bliss rocketed through him as John hit it on every thrust of his hips now, and he could feel the intensity of his orgasm building.
Flowers for his grave.
“What’s this?”
So he watched more videos, Mrs. Hudson supervised when he asked for help in baking biscuits or bread, and several months passed as he threw himself fully into his new hobby, for lack of a better word.
“Sherlock, I am not leaving right this second to pack up. I’m tired. We were up all night tailing that bloke with the fish and I’m knackered.”
“Nonsense, dear. She’s more than welcome to stay. She needs a name, though. You can’t keep calling her ‘dog’.”
“No, I was just out and thought I’d stop by and see how you were,” he said, and he found that he meant it. Their friendship had grown in the year he had been back from the dead. He had not always been the kindest to her, but she had been there for him regardless, and he was grateful to her. He had found that he actually liked Molly. It helped tremendously that she no longer tripped over her own tongue when she talked to him.
“Sherlock, I know it’s terribly cliche this time of year, which is why I supposed you might just miss it because it was so obvious.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied without hesitation. His heart had started to beat wildly in his chest. He was finally about to get answers.
“What case? You didn’t text me,” John says, trying to figure out exactly what game Sherlock was attempting to play.
“Something stimulating.”
He tried to convince himself that that was a good thing. Stability and safety and all that shit. He didn’t believe it, but he tried to, anyway.
“You forgot how cranky you get when you’re hungry,” Sherlock reminded him and John laughed as he squeezed his hand.
The problem was his meddling older brother. In some deep and ignored part of him, he knew his brother meant well, but that didn’t stop him from resenting being treated like a child. In order for Sherlock to have unrestricted access to criminal investigations, Mycroft required he find a flatmate. The man held enough sway over the government that he could keep him away regardless of whether or not he was called upon by the powers that be. It was hateful, and Sherlock was loath to admit it was his own fault for poor choices made in his not so distant youth that his brother held such power over him, but there it was.
“Thank you,” he replied, sincerity clear in his voice, and he elected to ignore the way Sherlock’s eyes locked on to him at that moment. It was anyone’s guess what Sherlock could read in that response or John’s face or how he held his hands. Better to just pretend that he wasn’t staring at him and focus his attention on his daughter.
John didn’t think Sherlock was aware of this. He was fairly sure if he ever brought it to the man’s attention how affectionately he spoke of his dog growing up, or the stories he shared of the summers spent in France with his grand-mère, that he would stop talking about them. John didn’t want the stories, these windows into the real man behind the consulting detective facade, to stop. So he listened, and smiled behind the safety of his shower curtain, and made sure his words were carefully said to encourage further discussion.
His hand came up to push back a damp curl from Sherlock’s forehead, to trace a cheekbone with his fingertips, then his mouth with his thumb. Sherlock was beautiful and he could hardly believe he was allowed to touch him like this. He leaned forward and Sherlock met him with a tender kiss.
“Besides. You get Harry in this arrangement.”
“I think you’re confusing similarities to me that are actually you, John.”
“I’m pretty sure I win. You fell down first,” John argued playfully.
John left out a sound that was half growl, half laugh.
“Mr. Holmes?” the man said as he entered the room fully and Sherlock took in his appearance quickly.
“Nope. She wasn’t.”
“Do what, exactly?”
“Sherlock, are you feeling ok?” John’s voice gently cut through his thoughts, concern clear in his tone, and Sherlock cursed himself for how unattentive he had been recently.
“Yes, fine, I will eat my dinner and you will eat yours, and then we can get ice cream.”
Joy whined again, resting her head on his bed as he scratched behind her ears, breathing slowly, in and out. In and out. His heart rate slowed, the tight band that had constricted his chest easing its hold on him, and he opened his eyes as the last of the dream faded from his mind.
“I usually am. What about?”
“Sherlock, I love you. You and Rosie are the most important people in my life. And, if you’ll have us, I would really love to make our family an official one.”
“Yes,” John replied. While it wasn’t exactly unusual for them to switch, it clearly was not what Sherlock had been expecting that night. “Unless you’d prefer…,” he started.
“I know that, John. But why did he do it?”
“Is that so, Rosie?” he asked, still staring Sherlock in the eye with his eyebrows raised.
“What kind of experiment?”
“That’s a pretty serious swear to make someone, Watson,” Sherlock responded shrewdly.
It was a good thing he never went in for a life of crime. He’d be absolute pants at it.
“No. I finished with ‘Greg’,” he said as he threw his hands up to make air quotations around the name, “hours ago. I’ve just been out at a club,” he lied easily as he toed off his shoes by the door.
God, he missed him.
Sherlock couldn’t help the small smirk. “Perhaps I should say I didn’t kill her.”
“Grab a towel,” Sherlock called out as John walked across the kitchen to the garden door. “The bench might still be wet.”
“Dear, if you were going to just let the tree die, I would have left it in the lot. Are you remembering to water it at all?”
“I don’t make up the rules, Sherlock,” John huffed out.
Transfigured through a process that was painful in many ways, but had led to the moment they now found themselves.
“Yes, I am,” John confirmed, a smile playing over his features.
“Did you know the average person touches their face about 16 times an hour?”
He put down his empty mug on the table, then leaned back into the couch cushions and let his body relax. There was still more to do, of course. There always was the night before Christmas. Especially with Rosie and the traditions that he hoped to pass along to her. He hadn’t followed the ones he grew up with in a long time, but there were some he enjoyed and wanted to share.
John’s mouth flooded with saliva at his words. It was if Sherlock had opened his mind and plucked out one of his own fantasies and gave it life. His voice was low and seductive and John was mesmerized. Sherlock was the charmer and John was completely enthralled, swept up into the images that Sherlock portrayed.
Therefore, it was in his best interest to find his own flatmate and quick. If he didn’t find one, Mycroft would find one for him, which essentially meant Sherlock would have his own live-in spy. Honestly, Sherlock envied lesser minds and those with easier lives. It was an infinitesimally small number of individuals that had to deal with being spied on by their family, and an even smaller number that had the help of an entire developed country and its national security to do so.
“How do I know you’re not the man trying to rob me,” John muttered under his breath, his eyes quickly scanning over the face looking back at him in the camera phone. Dark curls covered the man’s head and sharp, pale colored eyes looked back at him with a hint of amusement in them.
was left unsaid, but John suspected they both heard it.
“He loved you, too. No matter what he said or did.”
John let out another half-hysterical laugh. Mrs. Hudson was like a highly trained sniffer dog and she wasn’t going to let this go, it seemed.
“That’s the spirit,” John laughed before swiftly hooking his thumbs into Sherlock’s pants and pulling them down and off Sherlock’s legs. “God, you’re beautiful.”
“John, I’m sorry. I know that my actions hurt you and that my apologies will never be enough to truly express my regret, but-” Sherlock said, but John cut him off.
When it came back, it was with the feeling of shaving cream being smoothed over his cheeks, his chin, his jaw. The clean scent of it joined the lavender to fill the air around them, and Sherlock let his head tip back as he breathed in.
“Beautiful view, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s deep voice spoke from over his shoulder, and he just managed to keep from jumping out of his skin before he turned to look and saw Sherlock’s eyes on him.
“Oi! Was that necessary?”
, the caption read. John flipped over to the daffodil next.
“It gets better.”
John stared at the box that he had brought down from the top of the cupboard. It was a boring box. Just cardboard, absolutely nothing special about it, but John knew what he would find inside, and for some reason, it was taunting him.
“Interesting. Of course, you’re not average, are you? How many times do you touch your face in an hour?”
John continued his soothing motions through Sherlock’s curls, winding and unwinding, occasionally scratching at his scalp. Creating tethers for Sherlock to grab hold of, to pull the errant pieces back to center.
John didn’t like sitting in silence. It reminded him too much of Sherlock’s time away. Sherlock scoffed softly at his own word choice. ‘Time away.’ No. That wasn’t fair of him. It reminded John too much of the time when Sherlock, for all intents and purposes, was dead. John had sat in silence for weeks, just like he had after his return from Afghanistan all those years ago, and now silence was abhorrent to him. Silence was when his nightmares would come to haunt him. Before he fell, Sherlock would fill the flat with the music from his violin to hold them at bay.
After a moment he carefully pushed himself up and pulled out of Sherlock. He watched for a moment before he saw his come leak out. On impulse, he pushed two fingers back inside Sherlock, holding his come there for just a moment longer.
John tossed his duffle bag on the bed of the Airbnb he had found for a really decent price, actually, considering the location and the time of year. The aeroplane ride over and the quick ride on the metro has been thankfully easy and uneventful. He had chosen this place due to its closeness to a metro stop, and he was happy that it really was about a 5 minute walk from the underground to the front door. It even had a keypad entrance, so he didn’t have to interact with anyone and it didn’t matter what time he got in.
Sherlock’s expression was stuck somewhere between beleaguered and agog.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the end we remain, and remain, and remain. And now central London will find you with a forgiving lap in which to rest your head, a familiar pulse against your ear, and a hand in your hair to mollify whatever alternative beginnings and endings and in-betweens might drop in to give pause to your brilliant brain. And we will have that for many years, because the universe may be many things, but it is neither lazy nor cruel as a rule. As far as I can tell, there are no rules as such, just random collisions. So, much as the other random collisions that
‘As well they deserve.’
The smile I try this time is definitely weird, but it’s the best I can manage.
I buy a ring. I take it out some evenings, and measure its cold density in my palm, but I can’t bring myself to do it. Not yet. I still feel like I’m waiting for something, and that the waiting is the only thing really keeping me together. Each time I consider the ring, it’s only a matter of time before I have to confront what it is that I’ve been waiting for, and realise that it’s something that will never happen.
Silence fell. I cleared my throat. Well, if we were doing this awkward talking thing… ‘What about. What about you, then. I thought you were, er, you know. Married to your work and all. Transport and things.’
‘Yes. I was thinking I might… lie down for a bit now.’
‘Of course. Goodnight Joan.’
‘That’s enough to be getting on with, for most people. You do have a lot in common.’ What with being in that exclusive society of resurrected, terrifyingly clever, and weirdly attractive gentry.
, all the breath I’d apparently been holding came rushing out in something that sounded a bit too much like a sob. She looked up, all eyelashes and glowing cheekbones and delighted eyes.
And then she was kissing me again. And it wasn’t half bad. She leant forward, and her fingers overlapped with mine where they leant on the arm rest, and her lips were soft and warm and…quite nice, really. I took a breath and let myself relax, let my lips slip open against hers, slid my left hand from under her fingers to reach behind her neck and pull her closer...
‘Yes. Oh and Joan?’ the words floated up the stairwell, ‘The grey eye shadow’s more tolerable, you know, I’d go for that one.’
No. No it didn’t. No, it was revulsion. Not attraction. Revulsion. Not
her sent a new wave of tingling awareness across my skin. It was as if I could feel her eyes as they moved across me. She reached up and traced a delicate finger round and about the discoloured crater in my shoulder, her fingerprint ghosting over the indentation, hovering as if it might fit there, might complete it again. Every now and again I could feel a warm stream of her breath on my cleavage, and it made me feel very exposed, and not as cold as I ought to have felt wearing just trousers and a bra. It also made me feel like her lips might be nice there, and I was still reminding myself that it was alright for me to think that when her fingers progressed away from the scar and down my chest, her knuckles tracing a feather-light v around the edge of my bra, brushing the soft skin between my breasts. She did it again with the pads of her fingers, just pressing in the smallest amount, that I wanted to squirm into. It was an unfamiliar sensation, most blokes had a sense of what to do which was much more ...manual and grabby. This was like… she was actually paying attention to me. And my skin. Which was nice. But it also would have been nice if she’d got on with some proper gropage in the near future before my dodgy shoulder gave out from being propped up over her.
John tossed the flannel back towards the bathroom, missing by several feet, but he didn’t care. He turned his eyes back to Sherlock and simply looked at the man spread out before him. There was still a soft flush to his chest and neck, his cock was soft and spent where it lay against pale skin and dark curls, one hand splayed wide against the stomach that could benefit from a few more pounds, the other arm propped under his head, causing his curls to fluff out around the pillow in a halo of utter chaos. He was breathtaking. John’s heart nearly hurt in his chest as he felt the true enormity of what they had done that day. Sherlock was his now, forever, and he could cry for joy and triumph in that claim.
It wasn’t much, but it would have to do for now. John didn’t bother hiding his pleased smile at the look of disgust that flickered over Mycroft’s face as he looked at the water droplets that had landed on his pristine three-piece suit. Pretentious bastard. Served him right. John refused to make any excused for his dog and Mycroft seemed to instinctually know that any comment he made would be met with either silence or an angry retort.
“There’s no point in telling him anything. He already knows.”
“Yes, we’ve talked. He explained what happened. Why he did what he did.”
“I’m not moving. It’s your turn,” he said, as he turned his head again and John tried to shift out of the way. It wasn’t quick enough, and he felt the sneeze coming. He quickly stood and brought his arms up to sneeze into his elbow. This resulted in him knocking Sherlock over as he was in a rather precarious position. Sherlock, in his less than graceful fall, managed to knock John’s knees out from under him and the detective found himself with a lapful of doctor -slash-blogger.
“How old were you when you had your first girlfriend?” Sherlock asked.
By the time he and Joy arrived back into the flat, they’d been gone for over two hours. He unclipped the leash from Joy’s collar before they made it to the door and she bounded inside and to the kitchen for what he assumed was her water bowl. John followed at a more sedate pace, expecting to find Sherlock still on the couch, but a quick look confirmed that Sherlock had moved as John made his way in.
(See the end of the chapter for
Flickering flames from the fire cast warm light and shadows across Sherlock’s face as he sat across from John in his armchair, long legs stretched out for miles in front of him, their bare feet resting close together. The man’s eyes were closed, thinking who knew what, and John took full advantage of the time to let his eyes wander. The lean legs, the sharp cheekbones, the strong nose and full lips. He was beautiful and John swirled the amber liquid in his glass idly as he imagined those lips under his own.
He flinched at the initial sting of the alcohol-soaked pad to the open skin, but then settled into stillness under his doctor’s competent hands.
“Ah, yes, the smell of decaying fish.”
His curry arrived 40 minutes later as he was scraping what was supposed to have been the base for a cottage pie into the bin.
He grabbed his small digital camera from his duffle, checking to make sure the battery was charged the memory card in place, and then made his way out of the flat and down to the street.
“Fine fine, you win,” John agreed. “This round,” he added.
He slowly removed his fingers, then, and went up Sherlock’s body to kiss him. Sherlock met him halfway and they shared a kiss filled with less heat than before, but no less passionate.
“Hm. Truth, then,” John answered. He was curious what Sherlock would want an answer for that he couldn’t or hadn’t already deduced.
It was sentimental, but there was no one there to judge him for it anymore. The fact that Sherlock had kept them showed just how much he cared for them as well, but it would have been a waste of oxygen to try and point that out to the man.
“I need your help.”
John’s blue eyes were watching him carefully. The doctor knew he was being deduced, and he was letting it happen. Sherlock wasn’t sure how he felt about that, either. Instead of confronting Sherlock about it, as he would sometimes do just for the drama of it Sherlock thought, he saw John take in the state of the clean table and floor, the freshly washed dishes that were still dripping onto the towel under the drying rack, and he watched as his brows arched up.
Not what he expected. But, well, when did Sherlock ever do as he expected?
“Yes, I will. To protect this country, I will do what I have to. But that’s why I need you.”
“Yes. Of course, I do.”
“It wasn’t murder, Lestrade. It was an accident. She was knitting when it happened. She rose from her chair, most likely to answer the door when her grandson knocked, and tripped over her cat while holding the needles,” he nearly snarled.
“I am what?” He asked, too quickly to hide that he had been surprised by Sherlock’s statement.
“You don’t, but I’m not. Smile, please. I need you to act like we know each other.”
“I think you might be coming down with something,” John said and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“She’ll be safe to explore. There’s nothing dangerous she can get into besides maybe upsetting a bee,” Sherlock said as his gaze shifted to watch Rosie as she ran up to a tree and pulled on a low lying limb to smell the flowers there.
When he walked back into his flat, he was greeted by another new addition to the decor.
“I’m sorry I worried you,” he spoke against John’s mouth.
“In the way of what, exactly, Sherlock? Did you think I was going to jump the man in our living room if he said he was available? Do you honestly think I’m that desperate to get a leg over?”
And he was terrified of his feelings for Sherlock. Well, not the feelings themselves. He had long ago accepted that he was in love with his best friend. No, he was worried about his friend knowing the actual depth of those feelings. It was obvious they cared for one another, and anyone who ever spent more than a minute with Sherlock in Rosie’s company could see how much he loved, truly loved, and adored her. But brotherly love, whether of blood or choice, and love of a child are not the same as romantic love. He knew Sherlock loved him, but that didn’t mean Sherlock loved him beyond the bounds of their friendship. He had accepted that, but he did live in fear that Sherlock would one day realize that John’s love for him went beyond their agreed parameters. Their “married to my work” and “I’m not gay” boundaries. He’d had his sexual identity crisis before Sherlock fell and had made a shaky agreement with himself that even though he had never been attracted to a man before, he was very much attracted to his flatmate, and that that was okay. That it was all fine. After he fell, and Ella confronted him with the simple task of voicing those things he wanted to tell Sherlock and never did, he finally admitted out loud that he had been in love with his best friend. Not to her, of course, but to the quiet of the bedsit he had moved to when Baker Street held too many ghosts. He admitted to being completely and utterly head over heels for the man.
“Daddy! Sherlock! Where are you?” came Rosie’s voice through the open window and both men turned towards the sound.
Luckily, she seemed to take pity on him and the stink. “That sounds lovely. Give me a moment to get my coat and we can be on our way.”
“About?”
The snow blanketed the pavement in small drifts from the wind and it was early enough that it wasn’t completely icy grey slush, yet. They walked, leaving behind paw prints and shoes, and John couldn’t help the sad smile that came to his face as he wondered with Sherlock would have deduced from the prints they left behind.
“No need. Mrs. Hudson brought up a casserole earlier,” Sherlock said as he left the kitchen with his still full mug and headed back to the couch.
He could feel Sherlock’s eyes watching him silently as he turned and made his way up to his room, Joy on his heels, but he refused to look back. He wasn’t sure what look he would see on the man’s face and more importantly, he wasn’t sure what Sherlock would see in his.
(See the end of the chapter for
_____
“And why would dissolving them in acid help to potentially solve this hypothetical case?”
“We’re done here,” he reiterated his earlier statement,
Sherlock blinked. That wasn’t at all what he expected to come out of John. While his statement might be factually true to his experiences with Sherlock, they were incredibly wrong. No, he hadn’t dated because he saw no point in it, but he had been in a couple of relationships before. Years before, but still. He didn’t understand what that had to do with anything, though. He
“Just think. There are so many fun ways to stop from being bored now,” Sherlock proclaimed, a twinkle in his eyes, and John smiled as Sherlock twined their fingers together and led them down the hall to his room.
“Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. I heard the door slam. We both did. Plus you left your scarf on the hook, and you definitely had that when you left before.”
“I thought it was rather romantic,” John sniffed.
They’re both staring up at the ceiling as their breathing and heart rates come back to normal. John can’t stop the smile that stretches across his face. He can’t stop the giggle that bubbles up, either.
“What is it then?”
“No. No, wait. Mummy? Who’s Mummy?” John cut in suddenly.
As soon as Sherlock was pliant beneath his lips, John took the advantage and flipped them. Sherlock gasped in surprise, but as John straddled his hips, his weight pressing him down and their cocks sliding together once again, the gasp turned into a groan.
Then, against all of his better judgment, his mouth answered before his brain could stop it.
After about ten minutes of walking, he found himself standing in front of the Colosseum. There was something very humbling about standing in front of a stone structure that had stood for generations of men, and would continue to stand long past your own existence. It made him feel small and insignificant, but at the same time, there was something inspiring about it. That man should build something that lasts that long was awe inspiring, and he let his mind wander as he made his way into the amphitheater.
The bags were awkward with the plate in hand, so he walked into the kitchen and placed them down on the table before he started unloading the bags. Once the groceries were all put away, he pulled his mobile out and placed an order at the local Chinese for delivery. He couldn’t be bothered to cook anything and was too hungry to just skip eating like he sometimes did. He grabbed a biscuit, ginger nut, and ate the whole thing in one bite.
Flesh and bones. Living flesh and bones. John could see him breathing. He was thinner. His hair a bit longer, but still dark and curly. Clean-shaven. His stance just a touch off, like he was trying to keep weight off a leg.
Except, that wasn’t the truth about John at all. John called his deductions amazing, and truly extraordinary, and John turned down money that he definitely could have used to spy on him for no reason. They hadn’t been friends, then. They hadn’t even known each other. Yet John had already been loyal to him.
John kissed him, pouring every ounce of the love he held for him into it, and Sherlock smiled against his lips before he returned the kiss with equal devotion.
Every attempt he had made towards getting a taxi was futile and he kept walking as quickly as he could, his satchel slung over his good shoulder as he tore through the London streets.
Sherlock reached out with his right hand and took John’s offered left hand. John’s fingers closed around his hand and he stepped up to him as his right hand went to Sherlock’s back and pulled him closer still. Sherlock’s other hand instinctively went to John’s shoulder as they took their positions.
“I believe I pointed out Polaris, yes.”
“Cute dog,” Greg commented as she bounded up to him in greeting, tail wagging wildly behind her as she sniffed his legs and shoes. Greg bent down to offer a hand to sniff, which she accepted, before he scratched her head.
“Never really thought about it. No one has ever asked before,” Sherlock replied, and something twisted in John’s chest at that. The thought that no one had ever cared enough to ask before hurt in an unexpected way.
“That’s still cheating,” John grumbled, but he let it pass as he pulled the spinner closer to flick the little plastic piece that held his fate in its nonexistent hand.
“I hope you enjoy your new flat,” his brother said. “Have a good night, Sherlock.”
He was only half listening to John when he started talking about the lack of archenemies in real life. That people had things as basic as people they liked and didn’t like. Girlfriends or boyfriends. “Dull,” Sherlock replied.
“I see my brother has taken his rooms in 221B again.”
A glance out the window revealed the beginning of that kind of light, barely-there rain that seemed to float rather than fall as it misted the windows of the shop. Some small and melancholy portion of him reveled in the sight of the rain. It complemented the tiny fissures he could feel snaking over his heart and there was poetic justice in that. Sentiment.
He yanked his coat and scarf off his hook, ignoring the empty hook beside it, and tossed them on before stalking out the front door, his long legs eating the pavement in determined strides.
Sherlock started to turn, then, because John had nothing to apologize for as far as Sherlock was concerned, but a hand on his back stilled him.
“Sherlock.”
A smile stretched wide across the man’s features and it was that smile that set Sherlock completely adrift. It was open and natural. Relaxed, unashamed, unabashed. It was the smile of a genuinely happy young man. A smile that was untarnished by war and a stray bullet.
With that demand, she was gone, and John turned his attention back to Sherlock. Joy was now sitting on the floor with her head in his lap and one large hand was petting her head. John felt a flash of irritation at his traitorous dog, but quickly forgave her because she was a sucker for anyone who would show her any kind of affection.
He lifted the biscuit and shook the crumbs out over John’s head, causing him to jump back and hastily wipe them off his hair.
“What brings you here, Greg?” John asked, deciding that there was no reason to not just jump right in to whatever was happening. He didn’t think that it had been Greg that had been following him that morning, but he couldn’t discount the man either.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his flatmate. He was fairly certain John had attempted to bait him with a comment like that. ‘Silver fox’, indeed. Well. It wasn’t going to work. He wasn’t even sure for what purpose he was being baited.
John was reaching out to open the door into the pub where he was meeting his date, a lovely blonde who he had met at a different pub one night when he was drinking with Greg after a long night at NSY, when a familiar figure came strolling out of an alley and grabbed his arm, words pouring out of his mouth at an incomprehensible speed, and John barely managed from rolling his eyes as he realized his date was apparently not happening tonight.
“So where have you been, Sherlock?”
“Want to play a game?”
The flat was decorated in greenery and fairy lights and stockings on the mantle. Billy the Skull even had his own stocking, this year, due to the ever-persistent insistence of a particularly veracious three year old. Rosie was every bit her father’s daughter, stubborn and strong-willed to a fault, and Sherlock absolutely adored her for it.
“I’m okay, girl. Just a bad dream.”
And telephones kept ringing every time he passed one.
His heart slowed. The sweat on his body cooled. The lump in his throat and the tightness in his chest loosened. He breathed deeply.
John sat at the desk, his eyes turned down towards the notebook that he had been writing in, and seemed to be ignoring the presence of both men. He was attempting to exude nonchalance, but Sherlock easily read the tense set of his shoulders, the tightness of his jaw, and the occasional flexing of the fingers on his left hand. It was a habit of his when he was stressed about something.
“Not in so many words.”
John rinsed out a tea mug and flipped it upside down to dry on the rack by the sink, still singing, then turned off the water, patted his hands dry on the towel by the sink left for such a purpose, and turned. He blinked in surprise at Sherlock’s appearance at the doorway, but instead of turning off the music as he would normally do, he offered Sherlock a small smile as another refrain of the chorus began.
Sherlock kissed up from his neck, along his jaw, to his ear. His breath was hot on his skin and John shivered at the feel of it tickling his ear as Sherlock bit gently on his earlobe before pulling off.
And Mrs. Hudson was a talented teacher.
The kiss was tender, tame. A gentle exploration of lips and skin heated from the water of the shower. Sherlock’s hand traveled from his face to his neck, down his shoulder and arm, to rest on his hip. Fingertips pressed into his skin and he felt his entire body come alive, spreading from that point of contact through every inch of him. Their mouths opened against each other, tongues tasting, and the kiss moved quickly from tender to passionate. Hands wandered and caressed, and they pulled each other closer. John was reminded very forcibly exactly where they were and just how naked they were when he felt Sherlock’s arousal against his lower belly and his own against the taller man’s thigh.
Whatever response Sherlock was about to make to that was lost as John bent down and took Sherlock in his mouth without ceremony. The taller man’s hips jerked up automatically as he bit back a groan and John grinned around him. He hollowed his cheeks as he pulled up and circled the head of his cock with his tongue. Sherlock’s hand tightened in his hair as much as he could and John flicked his tongue along the slit, the salty taste of Sherlock’s arousal heavy on his tongue. He moaned in pleasure before swallowing Sherlock down again.
Sherlock arched his brow at that, and John couldn’t help the huff of laughter that escaped him. He shook his head. “Never mind. I suppose you couldn’t do it without complaint.”
John confirmed everything he had deduced and Sherlock gave a pleased smile.
John turned to look up at him as something gave him away, perhaps a hitch in his breath or the wetness of his tear on his shirt. John’s eyes widened at the look on Sherlock’s face, the silent track of tears that he could still feel falling and Sherlock cursed his transport for disobedience over something as trivial as a song as John released him. That was the last thing Sherlock wanted. He wanted to be held in John’s arms as long as he possibly could, but now the doctor had let him go.
“I hope you’re hungry,” he said.
“What did you and Rosie do today?”
_____
“It was fine, she’s a lovely woman,” John answered, then circled the conversation back. “So what’s the case? Can I help? Were you chasing someone?”
John easily dodged the pinecone and couldn’t help the smile that came to his face as she calmed down.
“Oh, that one. Why that one?’
“I want everything,” Sherlock asserted again, and instead of answering, John slowly pressed into him and Sherlock’s brain went blissfully silent but for the echoing cry of John John John as he filled him and Sherlock could have wept at the sheer beauty of it.
“You’d leave London?” John asked, completely caught off guard at the turn in the conversation. He ignored the way his stomach twisted in on itself.
“Of course!” Rosie forgave him magnanimously. “You need to tell Daddy you’re sorry, too.”
When Sherlock finally spoke, John found himself holding his breath.
John laughed. Missed for his cooking. Well, he never would have thought that would be something someone would miss him for.
“Goodnight, honeybee,” his rich baritone whispered and John’s chest tightened at the endearment that fell so genuinely from his lips. He realized that he was witnessing something he never had before; the small routines that were followed when Sherlock was the one to put her to bed rather than John. It was a private moment, and John almost felt like an intruder, but neither Sherlock nor Rosie seemed to mind his presence.
“You are an army doctor,” Sherlock repeated, ignoring the way the man’s jaw tensed. “Saw a lot of injuries. Violent deaths. Had your share of trouble too, I’d wager.”
“I hope you know that Rosie means the world to me. I wouldn’t ever let any harm come to her. She’s…,” Sherlock paused, and John watched him as he seemed to sort through which words he wanted to use, saw them appear and be dismissed in Sherlock’s mind. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut for a moment before opening them again. “She’s important to me. I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable this evening when I told her goodnight.”
John frowned as he watched Sherlock, who still hadn’t moved from his supine position with a living dog blanket. What flowers? John thought wildly, before the answer slammed into and he nearly gasped at the force of it.
“What for?” he inquired.
A sigh gusted out of him as he stared up at the white expanse of the ceiling above him and willed away the images of men and dogs on the scent, of the feel of leather and metal cutting through his flesh. The images had been deleted several times, but they kept coming back like a virus he couldn’t clear away. It kept leaving an invisible code he couldn’t track down. His heart rate was elevated and thumping a strong rhythm in his chest. John couldn’t see him like this. As a man who suffered from his own nightmares, he would know that something was wrong, and this was something they never talked about. They had promised no more secrets when Sherlock had come back from the dead, but this was one Sherlock didn’t think he would ever be ready to reveal. And he didn’t think John would mind because John held the demons of his own past close to his chest. He’d need to take another shower to feel clean again.
“If it’s not humanly possible, is it inhumanly possible?”
Then Mary came, and he let himself be carried in a bit, thinking she would be a reliable life vest, but she did the unthinkable and he was suddenly struggling in the water with a baby in his arms and left wondering why he ever bothered to trust anyone.
Sherlock looked at him, an eyebrow raising in silent question. Are you seriously asking me that?
John frowned, his brows pulling down at the flippant attitude.
“You told him that you love him?”
“I believe I’m in need of medical attention,” Sherlock quietly teased.
“I’m going to name him Ice Cream because he looks like ice cream,” she declared.
Then he realized he was tired of circling whatever it was the two of them had been going around for all of these years.
“An enemy,” he corrected and Sherlock seemed mollified by that answer.
Sherlock shivered at the feel of John’s breath against his skin and the scratch of his stubble. His eyes closed as he turned his face into the top of John’s head.
He had forgiven him. He did, but that didn’t mean all of his feelings would abide by that forgiveness at every revelation of new information. Forgiveness was an active, living thing, and it would take some getting used to. He just had to remind himself of that, and hope that Sherlock would understand that, as well.
"Single man, size 9 shoe with a worn instep. Trainers, so he's out for a walk in the snow, obviously. Now, the dog. Younger, and recently injured judging by the drag of front left paw, but probably not in pain. A smaller dog, see how light the prints go into the snow? At least two colors in fur, you can see the fur that came out right here in this print. Probably out on their morning walk to the closest park."
“Molly,” Sherlock greeted her with a nod of his head as he flashed a glimmer of a real smile.
“Did he offer you money to spy on me?” he questioned, a sinking feeling in his stomach.
It was a beautiful afternoon, one of those rare early spring days where the sky was blue and nearly cloudless. The chill of winter was on its way out, at least today, and the weather felt crisp instead of freezing. A perfect day for a lovely afternoon date. John was optimistic about this one.
“Rosie asleep?”
“Chinese?” he asked.
“Come stand here.”
“Ignore it,” he murmured against her mouth, and she nodded, not breaking the kiss. The knocking became more insistent, and she broke the kiss, breathless. John admired the blush that was coloring her cheeks and how thoroughly well-snogged she appeared.
“You know how they don’t leave notes? This one did,” Lestrade replied quickly. “Will you come?”
“So good for me, John,” Sherlock was whispering and John couldn’t hold back the smile that came to his face, but he did hide it in the chest that he was resting his head against.
He simultaneously loved and hated the man with his whole heart and he supposed that summed up his entire relationship with Sherlock, as well.
There was the murmur of movement, bodies shifting against the fabric of the chairs in front of the fireplace, then Alex’s voice returned.
“Great,” Sherlock said and took off into the kitchen before John had even stood up.
Sherlock looked up at him from where he now sat on the closed lid of the toilet. He opened his mouth once, then closed it again.
“I’d love to hear what you think,” John replied with a lazy smile.
“Because he loves you.”
“Damnit, Sherlock. You can’t keep doing things like this,” John growled, raising a finger to gently tap at Sherlock’s skin to check if the numbing agent had started to work. He felt the pressure from blunt fingers, but there wasn’t pain.
“Why would you dare me to kiss you?”
“I’m sure she’s on her way home now.”
His date had been talking the whole time he was lost in thought, and he looked up at her when the silence across the table registered and he realized he hadn’t spoken or acknowledged her in any way.
Mrs. Hudson looked flustered at the sudden turn in the conversation and tossed her hands in the air. “I’m going back to my flat so you two can have your little domestic in private. Don’t be too loud dears,” she proclaimed as she headed out the door and down the stairs.
He heard the click of the door being shut and turned to hastily wipe down the tiles in the front of the shower that he had somehow managed to decorate. Damn. That had been one hell of an orgasm.
“Bites, Watson, if you please,” Sherlock said as he rounded the table across from her and she nodded.
“Hm, yes. And yesterday?” John asked as he took another sip of his tea and leaned back against the kitchen counter.
His muscles were burning, his skin uncomfortably hot and too tight, but he felt none of it. He was adrift in his mind; anchorless; drowning. Madness held him, swaddled and unable to move, picking at his sanity and unraveling whatever was left. There was nothing he could do. Nothing. No one to save him. No one.
The next morning he woke with the edge of a headache behind his eyes. Thankfully he didn’t have a shift at the clinic and could use the day to recover. He wasn’t exactly a young man anymore.
Fresh glasses of wine had been poured for them both, and they picked up their earlier conversation, both easily falling back into the easy flirting and coy smiles.
“I’ve read everything.”
“Lestrade. Detective Inspector. Taller than me, shorter than you. Bit of a silver fox,” John replied casually as he returned his attention towards his book after he placed his teacup down on the table beside him.
John laughed and shook his head at his friend. “I’ll tell you what. You come back to mine to help and I’ll pack and move in this evening,” he offered.
“Pity, we could have split it. Think it through next time,” Sherlock replied, and John couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face. This man was so unlike anyone he had ever met before.
I'm sorry for the late update and the short chapter. Anxiety sucks. Thank you for reading!
Sherlock had explained his deductions about John that he had made when they first met while in the taxi, and John had been astonished. “Amazing” he had told him, and Sherlock seemed shocked at the praise. John reiterated that it was extraordinary. Sherlock was extraordinary. John had contributed nothing of note at the crime scene, and judging by the way Sherlock had taken off without him, the self-proclaimed consulting detective agreed. He had no idea why he was there, what he was meant to have done, then he was forced to wander around Lauriston Gardens as he tried to find a taxi.
“Well, not just fish. Decaying seaweed and other marine plants. The bacteria that gather there and consume those products produce a gas called dimethyl sulfide and that’s what you’re smelling.”
At least this time he had finished his hair and so didn’t have to deal with shampoo getting in his eyes. He was just working his loofah -and yes, he had a loofah because he liked the way his soap lathered up on it as opposed to a flannel- down his legs when Sherlock made his appearance.
“Thank you for cooking, John. This is lovely.”
“John, I don’t know why you’re insisting I stay inside. I’m perfectly capable of taking the necessary precautions,” he stated.
The question was, as always, why. And John was starting to feel more confident that he knew why.
As always, thank you for reading! Your support and kudos and kind comments mean the world to me. 💜💜💜
He turned, opening his mouth to ask Sherlock if he would like a cup of tea, but when he took in the sight before him his thoughts stopped.
“She said we have a beautiful family. You and Rosie are my family. There was nothing else to say except ‘thank you’.”
Sherlock’s hand shot out and a taxi pulled up to the kerb. He pulled open the door, glancing at John, and John climbed into the backseat under his arm as he held the door open for him. Sherlock followed him in, and John couldn’t help noticing that he sat closer to him on the seat than he normally would. John glanced at him before letting his eyes turn to look out the side window at the rain and darkened sky.
“I’ll see what I can do,” she finally said, and John smiled.
“He felt responsible. He cares about all of us.”
John released his hand and Sherlock leaned back in his chair. Sherlock didn’t bother hiding his smile.
Another nod in acceptance of the answer. “And why did you leave earlier?”
Their vows to each other promised new beginnings. To cherish from this day forward. Their pasts could not be forgotten, but they could be forgiven and those lessons learned carried with them into their future.
“Why do you think?”
John couldn’t help returning the smile as a warmth infused his chest and spread down to the tips of his fingers and toes. It felt like acceptance and home. It felt like love. It didn’t matter if they didn’t talk about it in explicit words, no matter what Mrs. Hudson seemed to think. There were different kinds of love. He would accept what he was given. He would love Sherlock as he did and accept whatever quiet, unspoken affection Sherlock would bestow upon him. It was still love, even without the words.
“I’m here.”
“Fine. I may get...slightly irritated when I’m hungry,” Sherlock conceded grumpily.
“Good luck convincing her to leave for any amount of time,” Sherlock said, nodding his chin towards Rosie as she concentrated on getting a pyramid of sand higher.
“I don’t know. I thought you might know one. You’ve come up with all the other distractions.”
“Truth or dare?”
Mrs. Hudson sighed happily.
“Fine. I do believe I win, though.”
He picked up his pace, letting his eyes scan his surroundings as his ears took in the sounds of the city for anything unusual. It was instinct, ones he hadn’t used, but that he fell into without thought.
When he served out the risotto and they each took a seat, Joy finally ambled into the kitchen to investigate. She nudged John’s knee with her head and he scratched her ears before turning to his dinner.
What he didn’t expect when he walked in was John sitting in his chair. He was leaning back against the Union Jack pillow, legs crossed, completely relaxed as he sipped at a cup of tea, and held an open paperback in his lap. It was one he had clearly read several times before. The spine was cracked in multiple places and was even pulling away from the glue in the corners.
Now they were back at the beach, and they were promising to love each other through better or worse. God knows they had been through all kinds of worse, and John had all the hope in the world that the future would only hold the better for them.
When Rosie was finished and another napkin sacrificed to the lost cause of trying to clean the chocolate stains on her face, they rose and made their way back to the car. Once back at the cottage, Sherlock offered to bathe her and put her to bed and Rosie was more than happy with that plan, so John gave her goodnight kisses and sent them both off upstairs.
Greg turned and looked up at him. “No. Why?”
John’s brows shot up at his abrupt appearance. Sherlock didn’t miss the way his gaze quickly traveled down his sheet-clad body and hovered at his groin before shooting back up to his face, the pupils blown wide and dark in his blue eyes. His arm fell to his side a moment later as he realized he wouldn’t need to knock.
“I need to get to the morgue. A body just came in and I need to see it before they destroy evidence,” he ranted. John’s eyes widened a bit, and he glanced at Alex before looking back to Sherlock.
“Even from you?” John asked, not bothering to hide the thick sarcasm in his voice.
Maybe he could take Sherlock’s hand and pull him over into his chair, into John’s lap. Let his weight sit heavy and intoxicating on him as he nuzzled into Sherlock’s long neck, licking and biting and kissing the porcelain skin. Sucking on that mole that taunted him.
If it would be more than this one.
“That’s incredibly sentimental. I’m embarrassed for you,” Sherlock drawled as John kissed his way down Sherlock’s neck to his chest, long fingers of one hand carding through John’s short hair.
He was gone. Wiped clean.
John’s head gave a sharp nod in response to his apology. “So where were you?”
“So you say, and yet, there were still eyeballs. In your microwave,” John said as he crossed to Sherlock as he sat in his leather chair and handed him his cup of tea.
Sherlock’s thoughts screeched to a halt. Did John just say what he thought he said? He risked a glance at the man seated beside him.
“Yes, I agree.”
“It’s not your job to know, Dr. Watson. It’s your job to do your duty when called upon. And you will be called upon. Very soon.”
If he was completely honest, he enjoyed these conversations. There was something pleasant about them. Sherlock seemed more relaxed when they spoke through the curtain of the shower. He was more open about his thoughts. The man once spent an entire shower talking about how as a boy he and Mycroft used to pretend to be pirates when they visited the beach, and John would admit he spent even longer in that shower than he usually would just because he wanted to keep Sherlock talking.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked as the moment stretched impossibly between them. He took a step closer and John swayed unconsciously towards him, his eyes flickering down to Sherlock’s mouth before he looked back into his eyes. Sherlock tracked the movement, and John was emboldened by the sudden heat he saw in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Must be a neighbor or something. I’ll be right back,” she said, leaning back in for a quick kiss before she rose to her feet. “Stay right there…,” she whispered against his lips with a flirtatious giggle. John watched her walk towards the door and the steady source of knocking. He glanced at the television, then let his thoughts wander to how to move this to the bedroom when a deep baritone that had absolutely no business being anywhere near this place filtered into his hearing.
John groaned a laugh as Sherlock grunted. Trust Mrs. Hudson to be in their flat at 5am with biscuits for children.
He pulled out the plate and set it on the table behind him before he closed the door. He pulled a glass down from the cabinet and filled it with water from the tap, then he sat down at the table, removed the wrap from his sandwich, and took a bite.
“Are you aware you do that out loud?”
“Did you make another discovery, darling?” he asked as she came to a stop in front of him, small fist brandishing her newest treasure.
“Bedside drawer,” Sherlock replied with a flick of his head towards the table.
“Perfect. You go clean up and I’ll order. Want your usual?” John asked and Sherlock nodded.
So yes. They were red boxer briefs with pink and white hearts and ‘Doctor Love’ written in various prints all over them. No one ever saw his pants (not recently, anyway), and he liked having a touch of whimsy where he could. He also had socks with otters on them.
“What does that have to do with anything? We’re going to share a flat, not get married,” Sherlock countered, and John tried to ignore the swoop in his belly at that. “Though in fairness, arranged marriages actually have a significantly lower percentage of divorce, so even if I was proposing marriage rather than a flatshare, the numbers would be on our side.”
“You’ll have to wait your turn,” Sherlock challenged and John grinned, twisting his head so that he could take Sherlock’s mouth in another kiss.
“We are?”
“No.”
“How are you doing, dear?” she asked.
John finished his drink and pushed himself off the stool that he had been occupying for the past two hours. The room spun for a moment before righting itself, further proof that he was at the perfect stopping point to avoid any negative side effects. He gave a nod to the barkeep as he pulled on his coat before making his way out.
Sherlock looked up sharply at that, silver eyes flashing. “Of course I meant it. I wouldn’t have said it otherwise. You have to know that I wouldn’t say something like that if I didn’t mean it.”
“A couple of weeks. I found her on the street. She’s a good dog.”
“Not quite,” Sherlock snarked in his ear and John let out a breathless giggle.
“No, no. I wasn’t...no. I was just saying it’s fine. It’s all fine,” the doctor said and Sherlock watched him thoughtfully for a moment. Perhaps he had misread the signs after all. It happened.
“Did you see this card from Lestrade?” Sherlock asked as John handed him a glass filled with the cocktail that Mrs. Hudson had insisted they needed to provide for the gathering they would be having later. It was red and festive and filled with gin, so John figured it would fill the requirement Mrs. Hudson exacted on them.
That got his attention and he turned his gaze from out the window to the man sitting across from him.
“I thought of another game we could play.”
“Yeah, I see you found the muddy puddles. Alright, off we go to the bath, then,” he said, continuing to hold her out at arm’s length where she alternately giggled and snorted. He crossed the kitchen and made his way to the staircase and up the stairs to the bath before calling over his shoulder that he’d be back down in a tic.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, completely confident in his assessment of John Watson and that he would sign the lease papers by the end of the day.
John shook his head.
He went to work, came home and cooked, slept, and did it all again. Occasionally he popped into the small bookstore and bought a new cookbook because he finally felt confident enough to follow written recipes without someone holding his hands for the entire process.
“I think we should watch it.”
When his physical body finally kicked in and forced him to breathe his mind began to whirl. He needed to go to his Mind Palace. He needed to apply this new data to all of his experiences with John.
“You left the flowers. The daffodils and the tulips.”
“Friends,” he said, as he repeated John’s choice of a descriptor of his relationship with Alex.
“Then why are you here with me instead of at lunch?” she asked, confusion clear in her voice and face.
Showers, the kind where the water is so hot that flesh flushed red with the heat and felt like it could melt from the bones, where anxiety and the clutter of unpleasant thoughts washed down the drain along with the dirt and sweat of a day well lived, were one of the simple pleasures that John looked forward to. A chance to simply be alone, to breathe, to be in his body if he wanted, or out of it if he did not. To think or not think as he needed.
“Yes, I can see the secondhand embarrassment blush on your cheeks,” John teased before he flicked his tongue over one of Sherlock’s nipples, then bit gently on the rounded nub.
“I have almost everything I want, really. I have Rosie. I have a home. I have...you.”
There wasn’t a single thing in the kitchen that spoke of Sherlock having ever been there.
Rosie’s ice cream dripped and John wondered if more made it into her mouth or onto her shirt, but she was more than happy with her current situation in life. She even allowed him to sweep in periodically to wipe her cheeks and chin in an attempt to save any clean spot of her clothes.
“I missed your risotto, too. Maybe you could do the thing with the peas another night?”
“You spoil her, you know that?” Said fondly.
“Ok, Peppa, look at this mess you made,” he said and Rosie giggled, then tried her best to snort like a pig.
“John.”
But John came back.
“You won’t. I’m afraid you’re rather stuck with me now,” Sherlock promised, and John smiled before he wrapped a hand behind his detective’s head and pulled him down for another kiss.
The song ended and moved into another with a short instrumental opening and when John didn’t let him go, but rather continued to hold him close, Sherlock opened his eyes to look down at the doctor. He recognized the song as the rich voice of Etta James broke out over the speaker.
“Helps me think,” Sherlock replied as he handed John his phone back, and John caught a glimpse of another patch adhered to his inner arm.
The jumper he found that closely resembled one of his own was too good to pass up and that had been added to the cart, as well.
“My explanation for her is the same as for you. It was necessary.”
But he hadn’t said a word to John. He kept Sherlock’s secret, and left John alone, and sold his brother out to his enemy with Sherlock’s consent. John had forgiven Sherlock, but he had no reason or inclination to forgive Mycroft. He doubted Mycroft cared either way.
“She has you wrapped around that pinky of hers,” John smiled as his laughter ebbed away with the occasional giggle. “I swear she has more success getting you to eat than I ever have.”
Sherlock began speaking quickly, starting with the statement that he wasn’t the murderer. John didn’t think he was and elected not to comment on that. Sherlock explained how he found the case, the victim’s missing mobile, and his theory on where that missing mobile was. How if a stranger had found the phone, they would have ignored a text like the one he had sent, but the murderer would panic. Then he was throwing on his coat and scarf and John was swept along yet again in his wake, unable to walk away despite that being his intent all along.
“Sure,” John agreed after a moment. “But the point of the fantasy is that it’s most likely something that won’t happen. That’s what makes it fun.”
“Okay, fine. Why did you make snow, though?”
“I know it’s fine,” he answered.
“That doesn’t sound like you.”
He did remember how he got up afterwards to pick up the bread and ham from the floor to throw away.
Sherlock stripped out of his clothes, tossing them over a chair by the bed, and slipped into his old blue silk robe. Lavender scented the air and Sherlock walked into the bathroom to see John close the lid of the bath oil that he had just poured into the water. The humidity in the room had already begun to steam up the mirrors. John looked up at him from where he sat on the edge of the tub, his eyes flickering over him thoughtfully. He stood up and gave Sherlock a small smile. He crossed out of the room after giving him a gentle squeeze on his shoulder, giving Sherlock his privacy.
Sherlock looked thoughtful for a moment. “Almost everything. What’s missing? If you could wish for anything, what would it be?”
He’d need to think about it more, obviously. Maybe she would start peppering in hints about things she wanted. She would do that when she needed help with things around her flat, so maybe if he paid a bit more attention, she’d let something slip.
Sherlock dropped his towel on top of the dirty sheet and walked to the bedroom nude. He’d wash them later. Maybe if he was lucky Mrs. Hudson would take it upon herself to not be their housekeeper and do the laundry anyway.
“This looks amazing,” he said as he reached for a piece of naan from the plate in the center of the table. It was soft and warm in his hands, and he tore off a piece. He dunked it in the sauce on his plate and took a bite. His eyes closed as the perfect blend of spice and bread hit his tongue, and if he gave an almost indecent moan in his enjoyment of this culinary masterpiece, well that would just have to be forgiven. “It tastes even better than it smells,” he proclaimed as he opened his eyes and looked at his friend. Sherlock had been staring at him and he looked away and quickly cleared his throat before tearing off a piece of his own naan. John smiled at him before he truly tucked into his meal.
“Yay!” Rosie squealed in delight. Whether it was over managing to obtain the promise or the prospect of ice cream, John honestly wasn’t sure which one was more exciting for her. She took another crumbly bite of what was left of her mutilated muffin, then took off down the sand.
“Yeah, me too. He’s great.” Her smile grew a bit wider, but then she hid it behind her coffee cup. “How are you doing?” she asked.
No science equipment.
“You weren’t answering my texts.”
“Why wouldn’t I need to know is a far better question, John. It’s better to be prepared.”
“So beautiful, Sherlock. God, you should see yourself. I want to see you come.”
John came to a stop, his thoughts stuttering to a standstill at the words. Sherlock stopped beside him and turned to look at him.
“What do you want?” he snapped without bothering to look at the caller ID.
The woman at the register smiled as she priced the books for him and tucked them into a plastic bag.
“I found it all by myself!” she declared, squirming madly until Sherlock put her down again and she rushed to John’s side again, this time holding her hand open so John could actually see the irregularly shaped piece of obscured blue glass.
It was bitterly cold and the wind whipping over him cut through the layers of his coat and the gloves on his hand. He was thankful he had remembered to grab his scarf in his rush out of the door that morning. He had had to ask Mrs. Hudson to take Joy out for her morning walk after he had woken late for the first time in years. He hadn’t bothered with an alarm clock because his body always woke in time, but apparently not that morning.
“Sherlock, I swear to God if you,” John managed to get out, but the rest of his sentence was drowned out by the sound of the commode flushing and the water in his shower went instantly to freezing. “Damnit, Sherlock!” he roared as he jumped out of the now glacial spray. He was unable to reach the tap to turn off the water to escape. He flung open the curtain and jumped out where he found himself face to face with a very calm consulting detective, who stood before him holding a towel. John yanked it out of his hands and quickly rubbed the cold water from his face and body, nudity be damned. “I hate you,” he intoned flatly.
John stared at the empty doorway for several moments before he shook his head at himself. He wasn’t anywhere near the right headspace to even consider whatever it was Mary suggested or seemed to suggest, in her comments and her winking, and John wasn’t ready for that.
“God, you’re beautiful,” John breathed, and he hadn’t meant to say it, but he meant it all the same.
John used his hands to carefully tilt Sherlock’s head, and he met his mouth in a hungry kiss. He felt and heard John’s breath stutter as Sherlock’s hand reached around and grasped his arse through his pajamas. John released his face and mouth,  and pushed his jacket off his shoulders and down his arms, then tossed it across the room. Those clever fingers went to the buttons of his shirt next. John stared at each inch of flesh revealed as the buttons were undone as though Sherlock’s skin was a revelation. John tugged the shirttail out of Sherlock’s trousers, warm fingers dancing lightly over his skin, and Sherlock shivered at the touch.
John stared at him a moment longer then laughed.
He reached out and carefully placed his hand on John’s where it lay carelessly on his thigh. He let his thumb trace one of the thick blue veins that ran along the back of John’s hand, then tightened his hold while John stared at him, confusion clear in his features.
He put the second one back on the plate, his appetite suddenly gone, as he realized he faced yet another Christmas alone. Another Christmas without Sherlock. Another Christmas without his friend.
John turned to look at the man as he still leaned against the wall. He was smiling at him, something like pride in his expression, and John huffed out a laugh. He was going to fall in love with this madman if he wasn’t careful. Unfortunately, John had never really been a careful man.
John waited, but he didn’t hear a reply. He continued to stare at the door to his flat, then shook his head with a wry smile before opening his door.
Exactly the same as the last time he saw him, alive, in a lab. Not at all like he really saw him last with his head broken, blood seeping into the pavement under his body.
But then Sherlock’s hands were pushing down his trousers to his knees and he dipped one large hand into his pants and palmed his aching length. John forgot everything as the eyes he was looking into darkened as the pupils expanded wildly and nearly blocked out the irises.
He could try and find someone else, sure, but then that someone else would be sitting in John’s chair, and that just wouldn’t work.
He realized after a few minutes that he would need to take Joy out for a walk and his silent contemplation of the snowflakes dusting his window turned into an internal groan. Snow was pretty enough falling, but in the city, it quickly turned grey with the filth from the streets and he wasn’t eager for Joy to bring all that muck back into the flat.
“You owe her an explanation. She’s been heartbroken,” John said after a few moments of silence.
“You bought condoms and lube, but can’t be bothered to buy milk?” John asked.
Heart beating wildly in his chest, he tried again to focus his breathing, to reassemble his wall of protectiveness, but his mind palace was in shambles around his feet. There was nothing he could do. Nothing to stop this. Hands clenched his hair again, yanking hard, tears falling hot and fast into his hair, his ears, as he lay on the floor.
“You get one spin. You’re just going to have to figure it out.”
“John, I…,” Sherlock started, but then Mrs. Hudson came into the room, tea tray in hand, and Sherlock stopped talking.
“Don’t blame her. She thought I knew,” he defended their landlady.
John sat down and took a sip of his drink. Sherlock’s lean form was still and relaxed on the couch beside him, and John let himself soak in the warmth of the man and the mug in his hands. It had been a long day between getting everything ready for Christmas Eve and Christmas. He had had a shift at the clinic that morning as illness didn’t care about the date on the calendar, and he had seen more runny noses and cases of strep in one day than he had in the previous month. He was exhausted and ready to wind down when he got home, but there had been more to do.
Reality came crashing back in, all of John’s senses switching on to high alert, and it was all there. Underneath the fresh pine of the trees and boughs that decorated the flat, there was that scent that had always been in the background of 221B, but had faded after two years. Something citrusy, some kind of cologne or aftershave, John had never figured it out. His eyes scanned over the man in front of him.
John blinked, taking that information in slowly. Sherlock hadn’t mentioned Molly last night when he discussed what he had been doing while he was dead. John swallowed hard on a feeling that felt very much like jealousy that roared through his body at the fact that Molly had been trusted to keep Sherlock’s secret. He had to look away from Sherlock, then, because he knew he couldn’t hide that emotion, and he didn’t want Sherlock to think he was angry again. Even though he was. Hurt, and angry, again.
He needed to get past whatever these feelings were. John did not belong to him. John had a past. Apparently tall, attractive, very gay Alexander Campbell was a part of that past, and he needed to accept and move on from that knowledge. He was well aware that these feelings weren’t unfamiliar to him when it came to John. A veritable parade of women had been in and out of John’s life during their friendship, and Sherlock was honest enough with himself at least to admit that all of those women had caused similar reactions in him. The introduction of Alex was a much stronger feeling, though. It wasn’t that he disliked him, not exactly. He had no reason to dislike the man. He was reasonably intelligent and seemed at least genuine in his regard for John. It also wasn’t jealousy, not at its core, though the jealousy was certainly there.
‘Stop it.’
She swallowed, and shook her head again.
You’re sniffing again, a little. I don’t know what to do.
I took a deep breath.
She turned on her heel in the doorway to beam at me, and she pretty much looked exactly like a terrifyingly happy manic genius whose chin had disappeared under the force of the beaming, but it was excellent.
with the last three victims, obvious.’) of possibilities –
‘So I take it you want to try this again sometime, then.’
didn’t want him to be any more useful than he already was.’
I can feel the void in my chest radiating outwards with each pulse.
‘Oh god. I think of. God I don’t know, it depends… I … you know what, I’m not telling you that.’
Sherlock gave a nod so tense that John pitied his cervical vertebrae.
I raised an eyebrow, ‘Well, if my leaving the house or, in some cases, the country, hasn’t stopped you from carrying on conversing with me…’
In the DI’s office, after hours, a greying divorcee suspects, but will never know.
She gently disentangled her hand from mine and spread me open with the same kind of delicacy she normally reserved for the most sensitive of documents.
Surprisingly, it’s not the lifestyle that does us in. What’s that you used to say? Oh, yeah, the universe would hardly be so careless.
‘What? Oh, no, the old appetite’s no problem. Just don’t really fancy it. Stress. Had a late lunch anyway. You? Are you eating?’
She looked up at me, and froze, mouth in a little ‘o’ that then snapped shut, her eyes narrowing. ‘Honestly, you’re nearly as bad as Mycroft sometimes.’
Still no beta, so mistakes are my own.
which I could not be arsed to parse in full). I wasn’t about to go for the whole exploratory tour that Sherlock had done, it was too late in the game, for starters, but I thought I would give a try to whatever she had done that had put me over the edge, and ended up sort of making love to her with my mouth, because I adored her, and I was drunk on the plush, slipping, fullness of her skin against my tongue, and transfixed by the enraptured sounds that hissed across her lips every time I touched her, like a rhythmic prayer.
‘What’s the good news?’
‘Come on, Sherlock, I’m a doctor, and more importantly, I’m not completely blind. Jesus please don’t make me say it.’
Inside a bedsit in Marylebone, a hand that used to save lives fingers smooth steel for the last time. In the final moments, he is surprised to find his hand doesn’t shake at all.
‘Good. Stay.’
(2) This is a real
I thought about all the things I couldn’t say to her, didn’t say. All the things I couldn’t even say to myself. I thought about how indispensible her presence was in my life, how indescribably and imperfectly essential she was to my continued state of sanity. I thought of all the times I’d hated myself for not being able to say any of it, even when I thought – knew – that it was my last chance, that if I didn’t say it now, I would never say it, and she would never know.
‘Oh Joan, no amount of midnight chip runs will result in anything over a B cup, I tested it when I was seventeen. I take after my grandfather. Shame really, Mycroft takes after our Nan. Not the French one, the other one. His chest was at least a D in his heyday. What’s that word you used for it. Some dreadful portmanteau, oh yes, moobs.’
As the evening grows dim, I find the backs of your thighs have come to rest against the front of mine, and I can’t read you at all.
!’ You spit the last word out with too much vitriol for such an undignified compilation of phonemes, and when your eye catches mine, you hiccup and begin to laugh, blotchily, even as tears wend their way between the splotches.
I nodded. She shucked them off, and then divested herself of her trousers as well. She wasn’t wearing any pants underneath. My eyes flicked away before I remembered that I was allowed to look at her. That I was probably supposed to be looking at her. Right. I figured I should probably try not to look like I was just curious about what she… did… down there. And clearly failed, as she gave me a look that said I was being an idiot, and could do whatever I liked.
Which was… what the hell was it?
She nodded.
‘Ye-es. But I thought you weren’t wearing it after where it ended up last time.’
‘I’m catching up on Bake Off if you fancy it,’ I offered, when her hairjelly-related scribbling seemed to taper off.  She made a noncommittal noise which translated roughly as ‘I must imperiously deny any interest in your plebeian choice of entertainment but shall be deducing Paul Hollywood’s taste in knickers from the incandescence of his tan before you can say “soggy bottoms”’.
The smallest whisper of a smirk drew up one corner of her mouth.
‘Er, Sherlock, how is it you get down from here?’
‘Who else would it be about?’
‘You’re defensive, and you’ve brought a bag which, though I can’t fully confirm, I could confidently hypothesise, is filled with-‘
'Fine. Right. Entirely unrelated, but … why is it you had to come here dressed as guy?’
I nod, ‘Ok.’
‘Ok, fine, fine, I’ve got the heels. You won’t like them. You know, I’m just going to look like I got lost on my way to a work Christmas do. Five months lost.’
‘Me too.’
‘I’ve utmost faith in you.’
‘Actually, I’m surprised, I kinda figured you’d be the one who would narrate your way through the entire encounter. I felt sure the phrase “cunnilingus” was going to make a horrible appearance.’
I put my arms around her.
‘What? How could you possibly-’
‘Sorry?’
‘Right, if we’re not talking, can I make an observation?’
‘I… I’m sorry?’
Sherlock nodded. ‘I do… I do want to. But I didn’t know… you did. I didn’t know, Joan!’ She sounded genuinely distressed at the oversight. Which wasn’t that surprising, considering her usual powers of observation.
Sherlock put his arm over John, pulled him closer, hand over his heart. He could feel his pulse, always a good heart that. John sighed. ‘Sherlock?’
‘I am.’
The trying works at first, until the morphine of denial wears off. Then the doubt grows deeper and deeper, a darkness slipping in from the edges of my consciousness until it is everywhere. It was my fault, I should have saved you.
‘Pardon?’ I had been perusing the news, and Sherlock had been doing something that was probably thinking, but currently involved Herself hanging partially off the sofa. I wasn’t sure how her dressing gown managed to stay on in that position, but then maybe she was mentally rearranging gravity, I wouldn’t have been all that surprised.
God, I was kissing Sherlock Holmes, and it was biggest fucking relief I’d ever felt in my entire life.
‘Do you mind?’
It gets harder and harder to fight the pain, so one day, I stop fighting.
‘Well come on, get it,’ I said offering my hand again, ‘I mean, if you want to. Obviously you can still… you know… kick me out.’
Apologies for the lack of Chapter 2 Proper. I've written two versions, and am happy with neither. In the meantime, a drawing. Happy pride month!
It should have been easy. It should have been thoughtless, like breathing. I ought to have felt something uncomfortable… repelled or something at the thought of it, of being with Sherlock. She was my best friend. I wasn’t gay. She wanted to what… kiss me, touch me, undress me. She wanted me to do that to her.
‘Fine. Sure. Why?’
‘Of course there isn’t! I’m not a monster!’ Sherlock spat, pulling his knees up into a vicious ball.
‘Obviously.’
‘No, of course not, I’ve made a spread-sheet for us of activities and combinations that I think we would find mutually enjoyable.’
You nod, and I see the resolve forming. ‘Right.’ Ah, there goes the coat. I settle back. Success.
John didn’t even bother asking how he knew*, but he was momentarily sobered. Something about this whole conversation was throwing him off-balance. ‘You’re right. Sorry. So, not Irene. You mean you’ve met someone then?’
. Not
‘Joan, whatever you’re thinking, you need to stop, it’s making me motion sick.’
it you think about?’ Sherlock said after a few minutes.
‘"All good?”’ her glance was through her lashes, and there was a bit of teasing there, as her lips curled around the words I'd said to her, that first night, so many years ago.
need to blend in. You don’t have to act like you belong there, but for heaven's sake, flats?’
Seventeen hours later, his brother manages to track him down, but it’s too late. Of course it is.
(1) I'm not sure why Sherlock would know about this particular vernacularism, but I'll blame it on her internet perusing.  One can always invent a case. For instance, as reported by the Daily Mail: 'Netflix and KILL! Night in turns DEADLY as lad turns laptop into murder weapon!' (n.b. this is not a real Daily Mail headline. I hope.)
‘Well that makes two of us then. Matched set,’ she flashed a tight smile.
Bugger, she’d seen the profile then. Damn blowflies. And she was on about the sodding Whitechapel thing again.
I had a brief recollection of a restless night where I’d woken up convinced something cold and hard had been going in my ear. I now suspected the thermometer, and I repressed the urge to glare at Sherlock. Now was not the time.
As if there would be anyone else. Have I taught you nothing? Inexplicably, I feel my mouth twitch at the thought. The muscles feel stiff with lack of use.
I’d forgotten, temporarily, about the scars that now crisscrossed her back, and I could feel their unfamiliar corrugation under my fingers.
‘What fish skip case?’ I racked my brain – I may not have a mind palace, but some things you definitely didn’t forget, ‘There was no fish skip case. Unless it was in a chippy. I’m pretty sure I’d remember if I’d encountered a case involving festering eels…’ they are pretty much the worst creatures imaginable, in my humble opinion. Across the kitchen, Sherlock froze, a mug dangling precariously from her index finger. She wasn’t facing me, but I caught a distinctive twitch of her eye, as though she was trying to see if I’d noticed without actually moving. Oh dear god no.
Yellow police tape blocked the scene in front of him, but he strode over with his usual mask of confidence and indifference, ignoring Donovan where she stood off to the side. She narrowed her eyes at him, which he also ignored, and brought her device up to her mouth.
“A candy cane murderer.”
Alexander Campbell could make John happy. There was irrefutable proof right in front of him. Photographs of John’s radiant smile, his arm wrapped around his...boyfriend. Snapshots of a happiness that Sherlock couldn’t give John.
“Sit. It’s going to get cold if you just stand there staring at me,” he huffed, and John gave a small laugh as he pulled out his chair and sat down. Sherlock put the wine down on the table and sat in his own chair.
“I think you might be right,” he said in an attempt to break whatever train of thought Sherlock was on regarding the interaction with the woman.
“Freak’s here,” she bit out to the voice on the other end of the walkie-talkie, voice dripping with disdain. Then, her voice raised enough for Sherlock to hear, “Where’s John? You piss him off?”
“Wha- seriously? Why?”
“You don’t come until I say so, Captain,” he commanded and John felt his knees go weak as his cock twitched.
“Not a drinking game.”
Not a single bloody specimen in sight. No toes, or dead mice, or decapitated heads.
He had just pulled the curtain closed when Sherlock came in. He wasn’t entirely sure if Sherlock had seen anything, but he wasn’t concerned either way. He had an amazing arse and he knew it.
Sherlock nodded but said nothing. John noticed the edge of his lips tilted up in the barest suggestion of a smile. He smiled and turned his attention back to the sea and Rosie.
“Not at all,” he replied, mischievous fire sparking in his eyes, and Sherlock rolled his eyes before he wrapped his arm around John and pulled him close to his side.
John’s mouth was dry and he wished he hadn’t finished his scotch. He licked his bottom lip and his lower body clenched as he watched Sherlock track the movement of his tongue.
Something about soap bubbles and hot water just made the shower a perfect wanking place, and he let his mind wander as he held himself tighter, then pinched a nipple with his free hand. He groaned quietly, the sound swallowed by the sounds of the water from the tap, and moved to pinch the other nipple.
“You really want to know?” he quietly asked.
“Sherlock, no. I already told you no, and I’ll tell you again. No, I am not moving in with you.”
It was cold and quiet in the morgue when John stepped into the room. Sherlock had been there for hours before John had been able to get out of work, and he wasn’t sure what he would walk in on when he got there. Sherlock’s text had been unusually vague as the day had worn on. There had been a body brought in that had too many similarities to a victim that had been brought in a week or two ago to be ignored. John hoped it wasn’t the start of some new sinister plot to take out the people of London. And he really hoped it wasn’t another plot bent entirely to ensnare Sherlock in some twisted puzzle game. They’d been through that before and John would be more than happy to never had to go through something like that again.
Outside, he could hear the traffic speeding along the road and the occasional shouts of people as they went about their day. The sky out that window was that hazy grey where you couldn’t see the sun shining, but the light still managed to hurt your eyes and give you a headache. There was the promise of snow in that grey expanse, but it wasn’t quite ready to fall.
He glanced out the window, his eyes focusing on the Christmas wreath that was hanging from the lamp post closest to his flat. The other lamp posts bore the same decoration, as if the people of London needed the reminder that it was December and Christmas was right around the corner. He didn’t want to be in London for Christmas. There was no reason for him to be there. No family that he wanted to see, or who wanted to see him. No friends to spend the holiday with.
John forced himself to breathe out slowly at his question. Why, indeed? He had stopped correcting people years ago. It still bothered him, but likely not for the reason that Sherlock and others supposed. The idea of explaining that terrified him, but the man deserved the truth.
“I’m ready!” she announced as she ran into the kitchen, bare feet slapping loudly on the tile floor.
“Ah, yes, and how was the pub?” Sherlock asked quickly, letting John know for sure that he had deduced him. “Did Lestrade make a wager on the wrong sports team as usual?”
He was hyper-aware of Sherlock’s gaze locked on him and he couldn’t have said what he thought the detective might have been reading off of him. He had no idea what information about himself or his feelings or thoughts he was broadcasting at the moment, and even though there was fear there, he tried to not think about it.
“What?” he asked testily.
He went to take a step back, concern in his eyes where lust had just been, but Sherlock pulled him close and refused to let him move.
“Daddy, please please please! I want to see the water!”
“John,” Sherlock whined, and John was more amused than annoyed by it.
Sherlock pulled him down, causing him to slip further in, and they both groaned as Sherlock kissed him again. Sherlock’s tongue was hot in his mouth and his body was hot as it closed over his cock and John was dead.
. John couldn’t help the smile that stretched across his face. It appeared he had found the sheet music John had bought him. It had been an impulse buy as he had been out stocking up on things to keep them busy. It was just a selection of contemporary music adapted for the violin, and he didn’t think that Sherlock would ever actually play any of it, but there he was and John decided it was the best impulse buy he ever made.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip and John was drawn to the action, his brow furrowing because it wasn’t an action Sherlock did often. His eyes flicked back up to Sherlock’s eyes, but his eyes had shifted away. Sherlock put his cup down and had leaned forward, elbows on his knees as he watched Joy. John waited silently, content for the moment to see what it was that Sherlock was anxious to say.
Outside on the pavement in front of his door, he heard it, and his heart jumped into his throat painfully. The soft strings of violin music floated through the window, somehow heard even over the pollution of noise on the street. He hadn’t thought, hadn’t expected, to ever hear that sound again and felt instantly transported to any number of nights before when Sherlock stood before the window and played.
Apparently Sherlock dismantled the fort while John had been upstairs with Rosie. They were all folded and stacked on the floor, except for one that was draped over Sherlock’s legs. He lifted a corner as John sat, and John shifted closer, their thighs pressed together, as the blanket settled over them both. John sighed, smiled, and tucked in.
“How are you doing, dear?” Her voice was soft when she stepped closer to him and he turned back to his slicing to avoid looking directly at her.
John couldn’t help the smirk on his face. “I know. That’s why I said ‘dare’.”
“Or twenty.”
“Yes, I suppose that’s true,” he agreed. “Then there’s the issue of the kitchen.”
“No! No, that’s fine.” Sherlock pushed up on his arms to kiss him again, pushing his tongue into his mouth and John met him quickly.
“There you are, John. I was wondering when you’d make your way down. The tree looks good, doesn't it? I had those young men next door bring it up for me yesterday. When I went to the little farm stand to pick mine up there was that one just sitting there all pretty and I just knew it would look good up there. I put the lights on, of course, you saw that, but I didn’t want to do the ornaments. Not on my own, at least. There’s something special about putting the ornaments on that should be done with others, I think. Plus I wasn’t sure where you kept the special ones, and I didn’t want to bother you when you got home last night.”
His right leg was bouncing without his input, nervous or excited, or perhaps both, and he had to consciously keep his hands from balling up in tense fists. So, maybe more nervous than he wanted to admit.
“Yes, thank goodness you’re above such drama. This conversation is finished,” he performed a perfect about-face, cane be damned, and walked away.
“The data indicates that you need me there to keep you alive,” John shot back quickly, dark blue eyes slanted at him.
“Oh. That’s ok. I went shopping and got plenty of supplies.”
“Actually, I’m not sure I will be taking the upstairs bedroom,” John replied to her.
“Don’t answer that!” he called out as he swung his legs up off the sofa and jumped up. He pulled out the pink suitcase and John stared at it for a moment before looking at him.
“So you’ll use him again.”
“So I was just thinking maybe you’d like to share my room instead,” Sherlock said softly and John felt his eyes widen. “If you wanted, that is,” Sherlock quickly specified. “It was just a thought,” he ended and John’s
Sherlock tugged at John’s shirt and pushed it up and over his head before he tossed it on the floor to join his jacket. John’s hands returned to his shirt and he pushed it off his shoulders, fingers trailing over his flesh, and Sherlock felt the moment John’s touch encountered scar tissue. He watched John frown, and he was struck with the inability to move as John’s fingers reached further down his back, following the length of one of the scars that crossed his skin.
When one of the other doctors begged off to relieve her daughter’s sitter, John took his opportunity to head out, as well. He didn’t have anyone waiting for his return, but he had hit his sociability limit for the day. He left with a wave and a smile and received the same along with a chorus of “byes” and “see you on Monday” that followed him out of the pub and into the crisp evening air.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I guess there’s time for coffee,” Sherlock says, and John pretends he doesn’t notice the satisfied smile that flashes over his friend’s face as he turns and starts off down the street towards a coffee shop that he is sure he knows of. John shakes his head fondly as he watches after him, then takes a few quick steps to catch up to him, his heart suddenly beating far more wildly than the quick jog to catch up to him warranted.
John just managed to toss the bucket of popcorn into the bin before following Sherlock out into the warm evening.
Mercifully John seemed to hear his silent plea, and he leaned down to kiss him again and finish taking off the shirt. They lost themselves in the slide of lips and glide of tongues and the tentative exploration of hands-on exposed skin. Sherlock pulled away from his mouth and moved to kiss along his jawline, reveling in the scratch of stubble against his cheek and under his lips, and moved down John’s neck where he gently bit and sucked on the quickened flutter of his pulse there. John moaned and the sound went straight to his hardening cock. His mouth traveled further down John’s neck and chest until he caught a rosy nipple in his mouth. His tongue flicked at the tightened bud, tasting the skin there, and John’s breath caught in his throat. One of John’s hands sunk into the curls at the back of his head, fingernails scratching lightly against his scalp, while the other grasped his shoulder. Sherlock moved his mouth to John’s other nipple, catching the bud between his teeth, and he felt as John’s body shivered against him in response.
“I’m on a date. How did you even find me?”
He watched as Sherlock examined him and considered all the things he was afraid of. He was worried about losing Sherlock again. He was scared of being too slow or too far away when Sherlock might need him. He was filled with fear of the fact that Rosie was growing quickly and they were running out of time to share 221B as she would soon need her own room. Their time together as flatmates was slipping away and there was nothing he could do to stop the inescapable tide of a growing child.
“You take me so deep, John. You look so beautiful with my cock in your mouth. Your throat is so tight as you swallow me. Your hands on my arse, fingers tight and bruising as you push me into you. You want me to fuck your mouth. You want all of me.”
“I love you.”
“Now and then, yes,” he replied with a straight face.
“Yeah, well. You looked like you could use a good bowl of soup,” John said, and that warm smile was back again. “It’ll be ready in about half an hour.”
“Perhaps,” Sherlock muttered as his gaze swept over the entrance of their destination. He spotted his quarry standing right outside the door and turned his attention to John. “There was something I noticed…” he started to say, but then they were in front of the restaurant.
When he was halfway up the stairs, feet falling exactly as they needed to remain undetected, he heard a quiet humming, and the adrenaline that a moment before had been coursing through him left, leaving him completely deflated.
“The kind that I want to do, obviously.”
“I don’t. I wanted some for an experiment.”
“Well, I’m sure you can reschedule for another lunch date,” Sherlock replied and the words felt like broken glass on his tongue.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispered and John took his mouth again because he would come if Sherlock kept talking and he wanted this to last.
After a quick negotiation of what was and wasn’t acceptable in the kitchen should John accept the flatshare, Sherlock put out his hand. “Deal,” he proclaimed.
Sherlock held his gaze until John gave in.
“What, why? Was it not a date?” Sherlock asks, and he seems genuinely confused now, and John doesn’t know what to say or do.
The vision was still there. Joy was wagging her tail, oblivious to the fact that her owner was clearly having a psychotic break, and really, it had been a long time coming. John should be happy that he lasted as long as he did.
“So you don’t have a girlfriend?” he asked.
“You’re welcome to stay if you need to. Everything is in your room as you left it. There should be clean linens in the closet.”
The idea didn’t bother him as much as he would have expected.
John turned to look at him with a curious tilt to his head as Sherlock pushed the blanket off of his legs and walked back to their bedroom without a further word. He returned a few moments later with a wrapped box and handed it to John with a smirk before sitting down on the table in front of John.
“Hungry? I’m starving and my bollocks are freezing,” John joked, and that seemed to snap Sherlock out of whatever thoughts he was having as he regarded John. He watched as Sherlock’s lips twitched into a small smile, and let himself return it as they turned to walk back towards Baker Street and the flat, the gloom surrounding them broken up by street lamps, headlights, and the fairy lights that decorated the city.
“We made snow.”
“Dr. Watson, I know there is no love lost between us,” Mycroft began after the silence stretched for several minutes and John snorted. “Despite that, I know that we both have at least one thing in common.”
“You can just sit there and watch me if you want. Probably won’t take more than an hour,” he said thoughtfully as he considered how few possessions he had.
“I’m so sorry, I have to go. Can we, um, reschedule?” he asked, and she shook her head in astonishment. This wasn’t the first date that John had cut short with her, and he knew leaving now would be the end of all this.
“Sherlock…,” John started, but Sherlock stopped his dancing with Rosie to turn to him.
It really wasn’t fair. Sherlock had a clear advantage to this game with his long arms and legs. He was basically a contortionist.
John closed the door, apparently not finding anything he wanted in its contents, and turned around to see Sherlock.
He forced himself to interact, though. He answered any questions directed at him and laughed when everyone else did, even if he missed the reason why everyone was laughing. It was safe to say he wasn’t paying any attention to the people around him and he glanced at his watch to check if enough time had passed for him to make his excuses to leave. He didn’t want to be here any longer and he knew he wouldn’t be missed after he left. He just didn’t want to be a complete arse about it because whether he liked these people or not, he did need to work with them. Working with them went well enough for him to not want to completely destroy those working relationships with them.
“Thai?” he queried after a few moments of silence stretched between them.
They managed to snag a small table with two chairs outside. Rosie moved from Sherlock’s hip to his knee while they enjoyed their cold treats. They spoke of nothing important and it was one of those evenings that John loved where they just spent time together and the conversation never felt strained.
“John, are you almost done in there? I would appreciate some hot water for my shower if you don’t mind,” he complained.
Mycroft watched him, his hand twirling his idiotic umbrella on the floor of the car, before he smirked at him.
Once in the cottage, John managed to wrangle Rosie long enough to strip her of her clothes and pull her bathing suit on. He was fairly sure it would have been easier to put an octopus in a bathing suit than a wriggling three-year-old, but he wasn’t one to back away from a challenge. As soon as she was done, he released her back into the wild, listening to the sound of her running down the hallway to her room to talk to the snail she found the day before.
Or almost, at least.
“Yes. She found three of those pieces herself. She was very proud of herself, as she should be. She’s a very clever child.”
John shrugged. “Don’t know. Just the way you were looking around, I guess.”
“You two are going to be the death of me,” John said, as they made their way to the front door of 221B, and he shuffled the blanket and basket around to get his keys from his pocket to unlock the door. Sherlock got there first, however, and unlocked the door, then set Rosie down who bounded up the stairs. He held the door open for John.
A few hours later saw him leaving an emergency vet that was open on Saturday’s with a dog that no one had reported missing, wasn’t microchipped (he hadn’t even been aware people put microchips in their dogs these days), and had a sprain that would heal in a couple of days. He had been instructed to make sure she didn’t spend too much time on her feet and to keep her from running if possible. He had left his number in case anyone called to report a missing dog, but they didn’t think it was likely.
“I never said it was smart. I was just saying that’s what they call it. And it definitely makes sense. Rosie can get very hangry.”
Disjointed memories floated through his consciousness. Moments with Sherlock, moments without Sherlock, deserts, and the London streets. There was no rhyme or reason to where his thoughts went and he wondered briefly if that was what it felt like when a person went mad. He didn’t feel like he could trust his own thoughts and reality was fluid at best.
“Not in a bad way. Your voice is very soothing.”
“What if I had come back alone because I found her owner?”
John looked away from the other man. He glanced out the window and wasn’t surprised to find they were in front of the flat. He sighed, then opened the door and climbed out with Joy without a word.
“John.”
John had not expected to see Greg Lestrade sitting in his living room when he returned after his evening walk with Joy. He was sitting on the couch, blunt fingers tapping anxiously against the teacup in his hands that Mrs. Hudson must have supplied.
“New Years' sounds perfect,” Sherlock replied with a genuine smile tugging the corner of his lips.
“You were dead, Sherlock, for two years. You just left. You said you had to, and I’m trying to understand that, I am. But you can’t...you can’t…,” John’s voice faltered and he dropped his head, unable to look at Sherlock, who had stopped his pacing.
It took over two dozen eggs before John was able to recreate the dish to the standard that he had begun to hold himself to, especially when he was going to be sharing the dish.
“I don’t have a tattoo.”
“Are you happy? Here, with me? Doing the Work?”
“Whatever we do, ceremony or not, there will be cake after,” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock looked down at the ring again.
“Prepared for what, exactly?”
After dinner, they went to the living room and John picked a movie for them to watch while Sherlock took up residence on one side of the sofa. Sherlock couldn’t help the snort of derision when it started.
“Why would you need to leave? We were just talking about the case,” John said.
“You need to spin again.”
“John?” Sherlock called out after a moment, and John bit his lips tightly together to keep from making any noise.
“You always made a scene whenever someone said we were a couple. You practically shouted ‘I’m not gay’ to anyone who even suggested it!” Sherlock didn’t mean for his voice to raise in volume, but he apparently had little control over his transport anymore.
“Though, I think she may have made these for you. These were your favorites, if I recall,” John said as the silence stretched, as if he didn’t recall every detail about Sherlock over their shared time together.
“I know who he is, I’m just commenting on his color.”
It was surreal and John’s head was no longer fuzzy with alcohol, but swimming in endorphins and those emotions he had locked in a box in his mind for two years. He had to be dreaming, except maybe it was more of a nightmare than a dream.
Sherlock threw a hand in the air and waved it frantically as if trying to cleanse the air of the statement. “It’s not the same.”
“There was a threat against us. You and Lestrade and I. He did what he had to do to protect us.”
“Necessary?”
Rounding the corner into the kitchen, though, he saw Sherlock with his head in the open fridge and an open basket on the table behind him. John let his eyes roam over the strong lines of his back and legs, the pleasant surprise of the lush arse, and managed to have his eyes back in an appropriate location when Sherlock pulled out what looked like a charcuterie board and noticed John watching him.
Sherlock was staring at the ground as if the meaning to life was written there in the mud and grey icy slush on their path. John stared at him, his flush of anger fading as he took in the diminished stance of the man beside him. The hunched shoulders, the bowed head, and John wasn’t sure if he was being manipulated into the emotions that followed after the anger, but he took a deep breath and tried to push it all back.
There was no blood on the coat.
“Dinner should be ready after you’ve showered,” he said and turned back around.
“Yeah, fair enough.”
Stupid. Idiotic. Mistake after mistake after mistake.
He could feel Sherlock watching him and he turned his attention to his plate of food again.
A sound coming from upstairs put him automatically on high alert. He frowned, then quietly toed off his shoes before walking silently to the stairwell that led to his room. His heart was pounding in his chest, his palms tingling, his fingers itching for the gun he no longer carried. He felt frighteningly alive, alive in a way he hadn’t felt since the last time he chased after a twirling grat coat and a head full of dark curls.
“Sherlock.”
He started a light jog in the direction he had last seen Sherlock run down, and it was only a minute or so before he caught sight of the familiar silhouette standing on a street corner, and he ran up to him.
purpose. It was a lovely symbiotic relationship they had developed. John needed Sherlock in his life, and Sherlock had just admitted that he needed John. It was a heady feeling knowing that Sherlock placed that kind of value on his presence in his life.
“What on earth was that about?” Mrs.Hudson asked as she reached the landing, apparently as confused as John, for which he was grateful.
“No, your favorite is red,” Sherlock said slyly.
“Your therapist is wrong, by the way,” that snake in the grass voice called after him, and John whipped around to stare at him.
“Yes, Sherlock?”
“I dare you to kiss me because I would very much like to kiss you.”
“I barely know the man,” John answered honestly. He didn’t know what was going on, but he wasn’t planning on getting mixed up in it. Nor would he give away any information that would put Sherlock in danger.
He watched as Sherlock grabbed his wallet and keys, stuffing them in his pockets before he turned to head out the door.
“Bless you,” John said as he took a sip of his tea.
“Starving,” John responded with a smile.
“You’re welcome,” John responded, keeping his voice low to not wake Rosie before he took a sip of his own tea. “Did she go down ok?”
The pickle was, thankfully, an ornament and not the real pickle she had initially insisted on. Her giving up without fight had been a Christmas miracle.
John poured out the rest of the wine in both of their glasses and chose to ignore that. It was a bit too large of a box to dig into in the middle of dinner.
He shook his head at himself, even as his feet started to speed up, his eyes locked on the dark head of hair that was now further away. John knew it was impossible, that it had to just be a resemblance and nothing more, but his body followed instinctively. The man never looked back, and John lost sight of him several times, but just when he was about to give up, he’d spot the swirl of a greatcoat again and pick up speed. He got stuck at crosswalks and behind holiday shoppers, but he kept going, trying to catch up and just see.
‘Dating.’ In a single, swift movement, she righted herself, ‘You arrange to meet someone. You expend a significant amount of time worrying that they might turn out to be a serial killer. You spend an extra half hour minimum worrying about your appearance. You wear clothing you are not comfortable in to give an impression that you are more put-together and "feminine" than you actually are. And then-’
‘Why do you think?!’ snarled the angry bundle of dressing gown.
