I took a fresh piece of paper and thought about what Dr. Banner had set me. Something useful in an office. I felt a little bit stuck. Useful in an office?
“O-okay…”
I wanted to make a life for myself, not be the star possession of somebody else’s.
“Aha, see?” She elbowed my arm. “It’s okay, Pep, we all like you, just not your dancing.”
“You can call me Dr. Banner.” He said, before leaning forward. “So, you can design?”
Obadiah breaks past my hymen with a brutal thrust of his finger and I scream into his hand. It hurts! It hurts, it is only a finger, but it hurts me so badly. I have not ever been penetrated by anything and… He moves his finger around harshly.
The truth is always another person’s lie.
I had changed out of the cords and into a skirt on the ride home with Pepper. Oh Pepper, if only you had stayed a few minutes…
Thank you, Natasha. Wherever you are.
The tall Omega wasted no time in telling me about his time so far.
A small, well-settled silence. “Can you?”
My mother had told me that I would probably end up becoming a lady. ‘If you play your cards right,’ she’d add ‘you could be the lady of your own manor!’
Something useful for an office?
“I think you’ve gotta keep learning, Tony.” He had told me this once with an admiringly kind smile.
“There’s still unrest. I can’t leave until Hela has been defeated.”
Virginia was so confident, I tilted my head to the side in confusion. She
He beams, proud and confident in his claims.
“And I bet your father paid an arm and a leg for that one there, little ‘un.” She messed up my hair, causing my hair to stick up in a frizzy mess. I scowled at her.
“Tony, you’re amazing. And smart and you know words I do not and you can do anything you want… and you’re trapped her. You don’t feel it now ‘cause you’re young and they keep you away from everyone. But they wanna ship you to some old rich man who will not care about you or your brains.” A tear ran down his cheek. I opened my mouth to speak but he shook his head.
I felt my skin grow cold and I shivered involuntarily.
Within six months, Thor had begun to develop muscle; he could easily climb trees, disarm Brunnhilde and break the masses of wooden dummies that were used for combat training.
“I love it, Miss Potts!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m going to marry you when you turn sixteen, you little angel.” Obadiah said. “I will marry you and it won’t matter if you’re looser than a whore because I will take your virginity… next Monday, I will tell your father that I am taking you to a purification trip. It will last the week. I will fuck you sore and then fuck you some more for good measure.”
Bruce:
“James Rhodes has been raping you for two years.” He said breathlessly.
“Don’t act silly. James Rhodes. The Alpha who’s been raping you.” He said kindly, softly. “Of course, as Lord, I need to get proof. Your father gave me permission so-“
“Tony, I wish to show you our room!” Pepper took my hand and ran up the stairs, turning left. The corridor was long and led to a work room with hundreds, if not thousands, of books scattered around, alongside parchment and pencils and fountain pens and tiny tubs of ink. On the wall was writing, all different scrawls and sizes.
Rhodey’s voice was soft and encouraging, yet never really patronising. At first, when he was teaching me how to build and he was reciting the Weekly Post (the village’s first and only newspaper) to him in a calm, even voice, he seemed to believe that he could help me in terms of education, too.
No, it would not. Too obvious.
I can’t help it.
“That won’t happen, Tony.” He said gently.
“Would you like to go outside with me?” He’s grinning, eyes sparkling, blue and almost electric. My mother would faint if she saw his clothing; a blue low cut shirt, that I believe was probably once part of a dress but had long since been removed with scissors, witch a pair of riding trousers, leather shoes also a part of the ensemble. His breasts, ‘pecs’, are very noticeable.
“Yes, I can.”
We did not go the left, down South towards the city.  We had gone right, a path nobody ever went besides soldiers. I assumed that there were more cities and villages, but further away and therefore not worth travelling to.
“Please,” My father had a smirk on his face “Tell us more about this…Omega’s repentance.” I knew that he was trying to scare me. It worked.
“Natasha, it’s so good to see you!” pepper cried as she hugged the Omega.
It was ten AM when the carriage began to ride up a winding cobble stone path. Totleigh Manor was visible, though it did not look like any manor I remember seeing before in my life. A thickly thatched roof, with a ground floor and a first storey. The stone walls of the manor were white and appeared to be well looked-after.
Steve looked at his partner with one brow raised. As Tony merely smiled back and reacted with an innocent “what?” the blond just sighed. ‘Where’s Romanoff?’
‘That is okay,’ Loki smiled, he wondered what “texting” was for a brief moment but as he sat down next to the captain and admired his drawing, the question disappeared from his mind. ‘This is beautiful,’ his voice was soft, almost in a whisper.
area.’
The creature sighed, wanting to take back his paw as he looked at Tony,
‘Oh, I will punish you alright,’ Steve smirked darkly. He let his fingers tangle with Tony’s brown hair and pulled him back, a shiver of ecstasy running down his body as he heard the man groan. Their faces were flushed, hair sticking against their skin as the room filled with steam coming from the running shower. Steve grabbed Tony’s ass, massaging it roughly before grabbing his wrist and pulling him under the hot water. ‘You left me no choice but to take you to jail.’
‘Unlikely. Masturbation does not leave these kind of traces,’ Tony put on his sunglasses as some rays started to shimmer through the leaves of the oak tree. ‘We’ve also found some blood around the-uhm…
Hi everyone,
The god placed a hand on his face as he sighed deeply, then rubbed the bridge of his nose as he looked at his little brother.  ‘Loki, this man came here with good intention.’ But as Loki kept staring at him with a doubtful expression, the blond continued. ‘He… he tried to help you with the spell that has befallen you.'
‘Steve…?’ Peter called as he walked into the dark building, holding out his gauntlet to light the way. ‘Come on honey, I know you’re…’ He took a deep breath, ‘I know you’re here, dad.’
“Uh, sure, why not?”
As a child does, I threw the ring on the ground and hurtled into my bed, hugging my pillow close as I sobbed.
Shame racked my body as she bought the warm cloth to my raw behind and rubbed at it, not harshly but not in a gentle manner, either.
Soldiers had stations along the main roads, and on all turn-off points that led the individual to other villages and farms.
Bruce put the design to one side. “Tony, I will collect all the resources you need, and then the next time you are here I will, well… work with you to build it.” He said softly.
Pepper took my hand. “Sadly, you won’t be in the same room at last time. Instead, Doctor Banner had us organise your own room.” She explained this to me as we walked up the stairs.
“I’ll go to the ceremony.” It was a promise that I could not keep. Mother would not let me attend a ceremony for a working-class Omega. I had only been allowed to three coming-of-age ceremonies before that point in my life.
The delicacy that was displayed by the drawings within the book itself transferred over to the writing. It was tiny. And the guttering candle did not help. I squinted my eyes, trying to read. It was only fuelling my frustration! I wanted to be able to read the diary, I truly, deeply did. But the writing was withered and hard and-
Desks, oil lamps, chairs, paper holders? A desk would be a good design, I supposed.
I would not develop breasts until pregnant, even then that would be due to swelling from the production of milk, due to my male physical build. Part of me felt glad about this part of my body. Dara’s breasts were large, and as a Beta, she would not be given the courtesy given to Omega women. Men ogled her in the streets, sometimes saying lewd things.
Pepper couldn’t find out for me what had become of Rhodey. It was best to assume he was dead; any other thought would be worse than that of death. Suffering with the thought of Rhodey bring dead was devastating, but I knew that I had my chance at Totleigh to get ready to avenge his demise. I would make sure the world knew about Rhodey and the unjust way in which he was treated by the powerful ones in our society.
I am glad in a sense that I never found my voice, my true voice, until the day I was sent to stay at Totleigh.  It is my fear that helped me survive. Fear is the perfect method of co-operation.
The mirror had taken weeks to make, even then it had not been made correctly. Sawing wood had to be done at certain times of the day, when my father was not upstairs, where noise travelled. When my mother was outside or at a friend’s house. When Dara was in the village centre or in the kitchen. I found out quite quickly that I could design and visualise what I wanted to create and how the parts would fit together. Actually learning how to bring my ideas to life was the difficult part.
Bruce then turned to Thor and asked him if he would like to see the piano.
An excited gasp left my throat and Pepper let got of my hand. “I’ll let you look around.” She said, leaving the room and closing the door.
“Then… then I should stay too, and help!”
“Can you read and write?”
“I want Rhodey.”
“What do you mean?”
“That doesn’t always have to be a bad thing, though. I mean, as long as they’re safe and happy…”
He never took to notice of the changes that occurred in the lives of Omegas until he was too late.
The main route to the city from my village was a long strip of road that had forced itself between rivers and woodlands, farms and settlements, rivers and mountains. For a direct route, a quicker route, a more regulated route.
“That’s good. It is not fair that we are told not to read by people who are not Omegas. Or, even by other Omegas. It’s a basic right.” She spoke like Pepper and I realised that what I had been bought to was nothing less than a rebellion.
I nodded. “What a strange Omega.”
I had a habit of showing off.
I couldn’t help but think to myself, ‘what was the catch?’
“I’m not a coward, I’m just not stupid.” He replied, elbowing the lanky Alpha. Loki huffed. “Why would you even want to mess with the Valkyrie, anyway?”
“Why not?”
I had taken away some of my purity by kissing Rhodey. It was not allowed, not allowed at all and I had allowed it to happen. And I knew the horror stories that floated around about Omegas who let Alphas have their way with them.
“A-anything…” I tell him, before wincing. This been calculating a plan for everything I might say.
Ceremonies were a pivotal moment for any Omega.
(See the end of the chapter for
a voice in the back of my mind creeps,
Is it okay to feel shame when your actions are not in the slightest bit shameful?
Pepper hugged the new lady close. Of course, the ‘new lady’ is not new to me anymore. Just like Pepper is not a new friend and Rhodey is longer a young boy. But in my mind, when I see Pepper, I see the young 16-year-old with enough confidence to change the world.
“You have not moved a muscle! It is so bizarre!” Pepper exclaimed as I whined. “What were you doing all night?”
Aunt Peggy picked the ring up. “I love you, darling boy. Despite what you may think right now.” She said kindly. I sobbed harder and she left me alone.
A recoil and smile, a sobbing, wailing smile.
I suppose it is Natasha and her story that made me what I am today.
“No, Heimdell, please don’t call me that. I know what I am and who I am, but I
Maria gave a polite nod and left quickly.
“Oh yes… you finished it already? I thought you would ask for more time.”
Such a simple statement, really. A gender, an announcement, turned such as prideful moment like the one my father was experiencing into a moment of pain and agony. Shame.
“Why?”
What is an Omega that cannot get pregnant or voice their thoughts?
My name was Anthony Stark.
My father and Obadiah worked together to ensure that my ‘re-education’ was kept strictly as knowledge between themselves, my mother and Dara. It was yet another reason for shame to be brought upon him and as an excuse he told his associates that I was simply at a boarding school in Europe, learning how to run a house smoothly and please an Alpha of the highest standards.
I felt a little bit shocked by Pepper’s revelation. I had not ever thought of myself as being challenging. As part of my Omega nature, I was quite submissive… thought I had not realise in my youth that, if the situation calls for it, submission is the ultimate weapon.
Natasha did not seem phased by the strangely muscular Omega. Not as much as I, at least. Natasha did not show emotion that easily. I never really learned to tell the difference between concern and disappointment on her face, amongst other emotions.
And strangely enough, I could imagine it like the fire in the hearth in our cottage was giving off real heat. The freshly caught rabbit sizzling away as I curled into Rhodey’s side, maybe pregnant.
He deserves it.
I was back in bed due to weakness after three days of half a satsuma.
“Where I am from. Oh? It’s rains quite a lot here.”
I had my first real idea.
Rhodey’s head snapped around to stare at the shocked woman, guilt written on his handsome features. I didn’t dare look. I wanted to hide from the future, wished with all my might for the earth to swallow me hole and live my life in darkness away from all human contact.
“Because he gives them to the men who- Aw damn, do you really not know?”
Dr. Banner was young in the face, but his eyes looked tired and worn out. It suggested that he read and wrote a lot, but also may have seen many things. He had a naturally nervous deposition and I wondered if, perhaps, he had a dark past, just waiting to be uncovered.
“Yes, Doctor?”
Pepper smiled at me, eyes sparkling. “This happened sooner than I anticipated, Tony.” She mused. “Not that I mind; Dr. Banner wants to teach you himself!”
“More than I want to be able to do most other things, I suppose.”
“If you were mine, your Pa could keep his company and his money. It don’t matter to me. But I’d take your workbench and give you as much paper and as many pencils as I could get. Because you are genius. The plans you made for the rotating apple carts worked, Tony. I had to take the credit and it made me feel dirty. I got the ring with the money your dad paid me.”
“Is there anybody else here?” I asked, only knowing of the previously mentioned Doctor.
I had confidence in her.
“I’d dance with you.” I tell Pepper, with a smile on my face. “you’d be my first choice, easy.”
“Stop being such a coward.”
“Ugh, Master Stark?” I made eye contact with him. He looked friendly, with brown pools that wanted me to swim in them. “I work f-“
Dr. Banner’s lap.
Pepper tidied away her books and notes and pencils and thanked my mother with a handshake. I walked her to the door.
I did not want to live in the city, anyway. I enjoyed watching the stable hands ride the horses in the morning, the birds building nests in the hedges and trees that were scattered outside my bedroom window. I loved the countryside.
“You’re better than me.”
“He’s here!” Pepper exclaimed, running to get the door. Something eased in my body and I let out a sigh I had not realised was attempting to leave me. Pepper had said something about others coming, had she not? I was overreacting.
You do not tend to pay heed to things such as that until it becomes necessary.
As she walked away, Brunnhilde took the opportunity. With a stern tug, she took Loki by the wrist. Her eyes were wide. “What are we going to do, Prince?”
Heimdell.
“That’s commendable, Tony. Truly.” I did not see what so commendable about it at the time. Breaking laws did not make a person commendable. It made them sinful and that it what I was. But there again, so was Pepper.
I would say
In time, Hela married a young Omega that barely spoke a word. She was petite and pretty and a red head. At night, when Thor would sneak around the castle in search for something new to discover, he would hear cries coming from Hela’s chambers.
Was this place safe? Why me? Was I the only Omega under Pepper’s care to come here?
“I know.” She replied easily. My head snapped up, a mixture of shock and surprise. She was neutral, no fall or grimace or twist outwardly visible on her expression. “Tony, you showed me that mirror. Everything else was so predictable in your room. The clothes and the dolls. If you like those things, then fine. But chances are you do not. The mirror, you held it with pride and when you called it
Keeping a diary is something Pepper told me many Omegas did in private in the city. A diary, of course, is personal and secretive and often, I have imagined, drenched in a harsh sort of shame. Oddly ironic too; for myself writing gives the chance to connect not just these thoughts and feelings inside my head, but also connects me to my vessel, the Omega me that holds a mind that can be something other than Omega.
Doctor Bruce Banner was a man who hid himself away. A recluse, as people would reason, Alpha with no social requirements. His money came from a series of essays written about his studies on Omegas.
I opened up the tiny yellow box. Inside that box was, to my relief and dread, a small silver ring lay on a decorative pink pillow.
“Pepper?”
I wonder if Mother ever asked my father for more information about the manor?
The familiar silence settled again. Pepper allowed me thinking time before she opened her mouth once again. “I want our relationship to be honest and open, Tony. No lies, no secrets.”
“… No, I haven’t really had much of a chance to do stuff like that… I’ve ridden a horse before.”
There was no way Pepper would allow an Agent of the Military to step into the foyer of Totleigh, never mind have an extended visit.
He looked up, bright blue eyes squinting as the room flooded with fluorescent light. ‘Mast-’ he was slapped with the back of a hand before he could even see his master approaching. The ring on his master’s finger teared open the skin on his cheekbone, causing a steady stream of blood to drip down his face.
‘Loki and Thor Odinson,’ Natasha started as she read from her tabled. She sat down at the edge of Steve’s desk, Tony and Sam at her side. ‘Refugees from the Faroe Islands. Their father, Odin Borson, was a drug lord and killed ten years ago together with his wife. Thor took Loki and fled the country otherwise they would have been killed as well. They were eighteen and ten at that time.’
The god shook his head, ‘I am afraid not, unfortunately. The art of Seiðr never had my interest, so my knowledge on this matter is near to nothing.’
Hope to see you again next chapter! <3
Steve’s heart was beating loudly in his chest, heartbeat drumming in his ears. He held his breath as he heard the front door being slammed shut, Tony’s voice now completely gone. Tears threatened to spill from his eyes with each approaching step, Stane’s two-hundred dollar penny loafers testily tapping against the wooden floor.
‘Easy, big guy,’ Tony said as he crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. He already knew that the god was overprotective when it came to his brother, but it seemed like this has only become worse now that Loki was a little kid again. ‘your “baby” brother is playing in the backyard with Peter. No stress.’
‘Bruce was with me on this one as well,
‘P-Peter…’ the teen whispered, muscles relaxing slightly.
‘Oh, is that so, detective?’ Tony smirked as he crossed his arms and leaned in the doorway. ‘That is such a shame, especially since I wanted to talk to you about a very big personal problem.’ He walked into the bathroom with a pout, his hands folded behind his back.
‘Sprained, I bet…’ he nodded. ‘Okay, just try to grab on to the banister, use it as a support to get down. Think you can do that?’
‘So you will hear him walk away from you next time.’
Thanks again for all your AWESOME comments!!
He turned his gaze towards his master, but Tony kept staring ahead, his hands still clasped around the wheel.
‘Ah… Yeah, of course there is.’ The man mumbled as he had to step on a chair to reach it. ‘Jokes about my height never get old, huh?’ His name was written on the front of the note. He turned it to find a short message;
‘Thor told me to stay away from him,’ the raven responded as he fiddled with his long sleeves.
‘Ah! Rogers!’ A voice sounded behind the main counter, coming from watch commander Rhodey. ‘Commissioner Fury wants to have a word with you. He’s waiting in his office upstairs.’
‘What? No, I,’ Scott raised a brow and he looked at the teen who managed to get back on the couch, hoping for explanation.
‘Yes, brother?’ The god looked up, snapped out of his thoughts.
‘I overheard you guys talking,’ Bucky didn’t look up this time.
Thor patted Loki on his back, a reassuring smile shining through. ‘Go put those flowers in a vase, Loki. I am quite certain Miss Potts will appreciate it. Ask Wanda for help, if you need to.’
‘Well, what can I say?’ Pepper sighed. ‘He was an attractive and charming man, but I didn’t share a bed with him. I let him look at my spreadsheets not at my spread legs.’ She met Tony’s gaze with an equally cocky smirk, clearly surprising the man with her words.
‘But we don’t have a confession,’ the blond argued in frustration. ‘Why tell us that gruesome story, why tell us what Killian did to him but deny murdering him?’
Anyway, see you guys in a few days, and thank you so much for spending your precious free time on reading my fic!
‘Uhm- yeah, no. Sure.’ He lifted the covers, gesturing for Peter to get in the bed. He lay down next to him, the chain attached to his ankle rattling as he made sure to give the teen most of the blanket. He sat up straight as he noticed that the teen started to shiver and pulled off his hoody. ‘Here,’ he offered it to Peter. ‘Might still be warm if you put it on now.’
Determent to find out what was downstairs, Loki held on to the handrails and made his way to the lower floor.
He pressed his eyes shut for a second as the image of Steve’s bloodied and semen-covered body came to mind. He didn’t want to hurt him, didn’t want the blond to do anything he didn’t want to, his mind than twisting over the fact that he was a doll and could not
‘Smooth Tony, very smooth.’ The blond snorted as he followed the hands that guided him towards the stairs. ‘But I guess a shower does sound nice, yes.’
‘Loki, careful,’ Thor warned him but Loki waved his hand a little to enthusiastically, causing Scott to be launched into the open air.
‘So, you want to defend Earth, uh, Midgard, right?’ the playboy asked as he straightened his back, his voice strong and determent.
‘Hm?’ Loki looked up, now meeting the gazes of the others. ‘I, I am fine.’ He then grabbed the sweets from his pocket and placed them on the grass in front of him, holding one for himself. ‘Alright, listen, one of us will have to make sure that the captain will eat this candy. Either convince him to take it or shove it down his throat, it matters not, as long as he consumes it.’ The raven then looked at Tony, ‘Considering you are his lover both in your new… princess life and old life, I suggest you try to make Steven eat.’
Whatever was in it must be heavy, for the scraggly man had to use all his strength to wheel the box inside. The stranger huffed before walking out, sand and dirt falling from his shoes and staining the marble floor.
‘Young Loki is a little different from, well, grown-up Loki, I guess,’ Peter said as he could not help but laugh at Sam’s astonished expression.
‘I… don’t know, exactly, but…’ he moved his hand through his hair, resting it at the back of his neck with a soft hiss. ‘You have to understand, this is not a normal home. This is a research facility.’ He looked Peter straight in the eye, nothing but honesty in his deep blue eyes. ‘And we are the guinea pigs.’
Loki stared at the man for a full minute with wide eyes, observing all the colors of his suit and the yellow cape that was draped over his shoulders. ‘… Are you an Iron-man suit as well? The one Tony is working on?’
The other man closed his laptop and took a sip of his bourbon, a hand buried casually in the pocket of his expensive robe. He did seem bothered, but not necessarily remorseful. ‘Really, Tony, I do hope you understand someone is trying to sabotage me.’ He shook his head and sighed. ‘And all I wanted to do was give you a nice present.’
‘…Exactly,’ Bucky’s head dropped, as did his voice. ‘There was nothing we could do…’
‘You really bring out the worst in me, Stark,’ Steve said as he let himself fall on his bed. The springs protested with a soft squeak, the fresh linen releasing a faint scent of lavender.
‘It’s okay, Steve, you’re old, you get slow, that’s nature.’ Sam smirked as he shook his head, patting his friend on his shoulder, causing for some red dust to float into the air.
Steve’s voice was cut short as Tony thrusted into him without warning. An obscene moan parted from the playboy’s lips as he savored the doll’s heat. ‘Fuck, you’re so tight.’ He panted, rocking his hips back and forth in slow motions. ‘You feel so good baby, so
‘Unhand me! Unhand me!’ Loki shouted, trying to kick the man.
‘Well then, it seems like we will be heading to our quarters as well.’ Thor stood up, his younger brother still in his strong arms. ‘I thank you for the movie and your company.’ The god nodded at his fellow Avengers after which he went up the stairs and walked towards the raven’s room.
‘You live here as well, don’t you?’ Tony asked, looking at all the tools that were neatly hanging on the wall. ‘What do you do for a living? Don’t assume you’re a maid, huh?’
Peter wrapped one hand around the raven, while the other clenched on the bars of the cart, making sure to hold on tight. ‘Snacks are on your right! On your right!’ he shouted, noticing how people dodged into the shelves to avoid getting hit. ‘And slow down! This is a grocery store, not a race track!’
‘Come on, trickster, you’re getting left behind,’ Peter said as he turned around, noticing how the raven was walking at a much slower pace than the others. Loki’s head was hanging, his arms wrapped around his body, a troubled expression on his face.
‘It’s really fun, Lokes, don’t worry.’ Peter assured him, only now realizing that the god must have no idea what he was talking about. ‘We’ll watch a Disney or something, I’m sure you’ll love it.’
‘That is something completely different, Loki,’ Thor interrupted quickly but the other Avengers were already snorting and chuckling. ‘Very, very different…’
‘Okay, first of, who said I was talking to you? Secondly, who said I was talking about Lokes?’ Tony sassed with a smirk, still looking forward.
‘Permanent?’ Thor repeated as he raised a brow, suddenly finding himself with a cup of coffee in hand. He stared from his cup to the doctor, noticing how the man was now calmly sipping some tea. ‘And what good will that do?’
‘What up, kid?’ Falcon said, trying his best to address Loki for what he now was, a young child, instead of a arrogant Asgardian god.
He strolled past the bookshelves, his heart beating loudly in his chest as he saw how some of the books were locked behind chains. He mumbled up some of the titles he saw.
Steve sighed silently, ‘I think there’s more going on.’
‘How ‘bout we go for a ride?’
He paced back and forth nervously as countless questions started to race through his little brain, but he was snapped out of his thoughts soon enough as he suddenly heard his brother’s voice again.
‘Our Russian isn’t much of a talker,’ Sam said as he joined his partner, the four of them now being together again. ‘All we got from him was that he hardly knew Killian and that he was taking a shower and going to bed somewhere around midnight.’
He leaned forward and hovered over the doll, a smug grin on his face as he saw Steve’s chest rise with fear. ‘
‘God, I hope we find Steve soon,’ Tony let out a sigh in annoyance, he turned around, noticing how he was still being followed by two rabbits, a deer and a hand full of squirrels. He wondered whether he should turn around and scare them away, but seeing that it didn’t help the last three time he did so, he wondered why it should work now.
‘But…’ Thor uttered, followed by a deep sigh. ‘Fine, we shall share, if we must...’
(See the end of the chapter for
This new information only sparked more questions. Tony observed the box, fingers itching to open it. ‘So… nothing dangerous? Can you tell me who it’s from?’
Loki opened his eyes, the peaceful songs of early birds breaking the silence. He looked at the clock, noticing that it was only five in the morning. It was still early, even for him. Judging by the silence lingering in the tower, there were no other Avengers up yet.
Loki looked up at the towering blond at his side with a puzzled expression and tilted his head. ‘Brother…?’ he asked, his voice soft, almost in a whisper.
The beast’s eyes suddenly grew completely back and, with one strong swing of its paw, send the god flying against the wall.
Thor grabbed his jacked and dashed out of the interrogation room.
‘That is just absolutely terrific,’ Thor managed to conjure an awkward smile on his face. ‘I cannot wait for the next family reunion on Asgard…’
Also, I was thinking about writing a Halloween themed short for tomorrow... anyone interested in that?
‘Get off the couch.’ Obadiah’s voice was filled with irritation, a sign for Steve not to hesitate so he instantly jumped to his feet. ‘You won’t have to go into Rest Mode. I’ll make sure to take care of you right now.’ He bumped into the machine’s shoulder as he walked past him. Steve did not know what to do, the fear of doing something wrong brewing restlessly in his stomach.
‘What? No, you cannot go,’ Loki said as his grip on Thor’s shirt tightened. ‘I will go with you!’
The two Disney princes chuckled awkwardly. Tony held op his hand, revealing two small candies. ‘Come on, Cap.’ He smiled. ‘Eat it, before the last rose petal falls, remember?’
To all of you who spend their time alone in quarantine during this pandemic and have no one to turn to - know that, if you want to, I am here to listen.
He still didn’t want to believe Obie was at fault for all of this. He is a good friend and a good business partner, surely there was some other explanation to whatever horrors were inscribed on Steve’s memory.
‘I agree with Peter,’ Thor nodded, ‘The sooner I can return to the Olympus, the better.’ He then shook his head, his own thoughts confusing him. ‘Let’s, let’s just keep moving.
Steve nodded again, wonderous eyes gazing at the luxurious products displayed at the sink. Colognes, hair gels, after shave and moisturizers, all expansive brands, all neatly arraigned.
‘Peter?’ Loki said as he took a sip from his orange juice which was handed to him by Wanda.
1. After being tasered by Thor right before their escape from Sakaar, Loki is found by the Grandmaster who takes him back in. With his hands now full on Ragnarok and his fellow Avengers who broke up like the Beatles, Thor decides to send Loki some unexpected help to escape from Sakaar. (a GrandmasterxLoki and LokixQuill story)
‘No, Tony,’ Steve walked closer and raised his hands to the playboy’s chest.
‘Technically, in Midgardian Greek mythology, “hell” only exists of one layer, Tartarus, The Fields of Asphodel and The Islands of the Blessed.’ Loki said as he raised his hands in defeat, but as the face of the playboy turned even darker, he quickly added, ‘Yes, I, I know how to create the anti-spell...’
Steve parted his lips, his voice soft, words coming out slowly. ‘Y-es… mast-er. Ple...ase... fill m-e up.’
‘It is quite alright, Man of Spiders.’ Thor assured with a smile. ‘I am just happy to hear my brother had such a good time with you.’
Thank you so much for commenting and telling to continue.
‘Looks like Norse and Greek mythology really don’t mix well, huh?’ Peter tried to smile as he helped the trickster back on his feet. ‘We’ve got to find my boyfri- dad!’ Peter quickly corrected himself. ‘We’ve got to find my dad.’
‘Mister Rogers, Mister Stark,’ Wanda greeted the two as she opened the door. ‘Why are you here?’
‘And was there anything unusual? Did Thor behave differently? Did he say something to you about Killian?’ Tony continued as he paced through the small room, sounding like he was about to snap.
Loki has been on Earth for one and a half year now, his verdict had ended six months ago. Surely the god knew of this, but he never left, so that must mean he likes it here, right? That must mean that he is happy. Right?
‘It’s important to get rest,’ Steve kindly reminded him. ‘Please allow me to clean up so you can go to bed.’
Anyway, please enjoy this last chapter :)
With a deep sigh, the god turned on his other side once more. He would have to talk with Loki once all of this was over.
‘Aren’t you coming in as well?’ The words left his lips before he even realized it.
Steve blinked at first, but then just smiled. Tony wanted to play a game and Steve was eager to participate. ‘Fine,’ he wrapped his arms around the man, puling him closer against his chest. ‘Tell me, sir, what is it you wanted to confess?’
The blond remained silent for a moment. His hand amiably moving through black hair as he wondered whether he should tell him the truth.
The blond seemed so helpless, waiting patiently for its master to tell him what to do next. Tony wanted to rip Steve’s suit off right then and there. ‘Come on, doll.’ He grabbed his hand, guided him into the bedroom and pushed him on the bed.
‘Cease your tantrum this instance, Loki! You have had dinner, now it is time for your bath and off to bed!
With a shriek, the trickster stumbled backwards, tears nearly flooding his eyes as he now realized all eyes were on him. He looked around in a panic, his mouth slightly ajar as his breathing became shallow.
‘I don’t have a preference installed.’ Steve’s curiosity got the better of him as he peeked over the billionaire’s shoulder.
‘You know, Steve,’ Tony managed to speak as the captain now lowered his kisses to the soft skin of his neck, causing the playboy to chuckle softly and squirm under the gentle touch. ‘we
Anyway, here it is, finally! Chapter 10!
Peter chuckled as he grabbed one of the large plates which was topped with pancakes, bringing it towards the dining area where about fifteen Avengers had already eagerly gathered.
‘Sorry to interrupt,’ Thor said as he walked towards the two, ‘but could you pl-’ the god stopped midsentence as a knife came down and landed right between his feet. He then looked at the trickster and the soldier with a heavy frown.
‘Uh, yeah, sure is uhm,
‘Let’s see…’ Loki mumbled to himself as he looked at the ancient potion book levitating in front of him, reading every step with care. He looked from the parchment to his cauldron which stood brewing on a small fire. ‘Now, to add the final ingredient,’ he leaned over his worktable, studying the dried herbs, critters and amphibians that were carefully displayed.
‘Mister Tony!’ He suddenly shouted, hopscotching towards the playboy with wide eyes. ‘It was a pleasure to meet you, sir! Now, I will continue my journey!’ Before Tony could say anything, Loki grabbed a prototype shield and a small hammer from one of the tables, raising the tool in the air. ‘I must defend Midgard in my brother’s absence!
‘O-kay,’ She quickly shook her head to rid herself of the slight confusion a polite but forced smile on her face. ‘I am
‘Does that mean we will play together and grow up together?’ The raven asked while Steve pulled him on his lap and in his arms, a chocolate mustache already above his lip.
‘… Yes,’ Steve whispered and nodded, letting Tony bring his knees up to his chest. He registered the playboy’s hands moving from his legs to his hips, fingers never lifting from his skin. ‘Please… master. That is a-all I want.’
‘No! N-no, we- we thought that we heard a shower when we were standing in front of his door, so Thor went inside without another word.’
Tony frowned and moved to his knees. His eyes then widened at the amount of blood covering his now flaccid cock and Steve’s thighs. ‘What the-?!’ he quickly moved back, his stomach churning in absolute disgust as he saw the mixture of blood and semen dripping from the blond’s ass, staining the white bedsheets.
‘Dad…?’ Peter whispered, slowly walking into the empty room where the Beast sat huddled in a corner. ‘Come on, it’s okay, we’re going home.’ Peter stretched out his hand, but it only made the captain try to crawl deeper into his corner.
‘We don’t think anything, we just ask,’ Steve added calmly. ‘Do you think there’s anyone here who would-’
‘Well then, you will be in need of a uhm, a side-kick! Yes, someone to watch your back and help you guard… us!’ Tony said with as much authority as he could muster, hardly able to suppress a chuckle as he saw the raven’s bright green eyes grow big.
‘They died, didn’t they?’ Peter’s hands were clasped into tight fists as he jumped up. ‘So now what? We just have to sit here and wait? Wait for them to come and get us? Wait to die?!’ Tears rolled over his cheeks as fear and anger made him tremble upon his feet. ‘I don’t want to die! There must be something we can do!’
Tony managed to look at his boyfriend with a straight face for at least a full minute, but he couldn’t keep himself from laughing any longer and he just covered his eyes with his hand as he let himself lean against the couch. ‘Bless your pure and ignorant heart, Rogers. Really.’
Peter yelped as he tripped over his own feet. He managed to grab the banister in his fall, his heart pounding in his chest as he had already tumbled halfway down the stairs. He panted heavily, a sharp pain coming from his left ankle.
‘And that’s why Killian stopped threatening the others,’ Tony’s voice was close to a growl, which made the teen look up at him in fear. ‘Does Thor know?’
‘If you say so…’ Tony sighed, a wave of exhaustion washing over him. ‘Let me know when you find anything, ‘kay?’
‘I know,’ The blond responded, his voice strong and demanding, his sharp blue eyes instantly silencing the woman. ‘but our pathologist told us that the chances of him falling out of the window just because of the alcohol were very small.’ He looked at the others, ‘No… someone pushed him.’
‘Do you mean “Seiðr”?’
you don’t know what they’ve been up to, but in the meantime-’ The old man did not finish his sentence and merely smiled knowingly, giving Tony a quick wink as the man nodded in agreement.
‘Because you did not ask,’ Thor replied haughtily at which Steve and Tony raised a brow. ‘Our security round ended somewhere before twelve. You asked of my whereabouts between twelve and two o’clock.’ He patted Loki on his shoulder, the harshness in voice completely gone as he spoke to him in their native language.
Hi everyone,
He threw the expansive bottle against the wall and leaned on the table, head held low. ‘Jarvis! Make sure this thing is sent back to Stane
as a grown up.’
‘Minutes, days, months, years,’ Thor sighed, ‘they could not tell…’
Thor opened his eyes as he lay in his bed, the light of the early morning sun illuminating his room. He looked at the clock, noticing that it was only five thirty in the morning. It is still early, too early to wake up and start the day, or so the god concluded.
Steve lay completely still on his back, waiting for Tony to return or tell him what to do. ‘Master…?’
‘What
Enjoy!
Hi everyone,
‘A spell backfired, Thor’s looking for a remedy on Asgard,’ Steve smiled, placing a hand on the raven’s back.
‘Yes, certainly.’ Loki turned to his work table again and placed the five champagne glasses on a tray, followed Peter through the corridor and down the stairs.
‘You know my brother?’ Loki asked almost desperately, ‘Could you please tell me where he is, Sir…?’
‘Yes, master.’
‘We… found some information, that, well…’ the blond continued carefully. ‘Has Killian ever approached you? Or done anything to you that you did not want?’
‘унбелиевабле,’ the woman growled in her native tongue, nearly forgetting to switch to English again. ‘You clearly have no idea what you are talking about, do you? Thor and Bucky are like brothers to me!’
‘But I do not want to go to bed yet,’ the young god pouted as he wrapped his arms around the captain’s neck and he looked at Peter, his emerald eyes wide and sparkling in the dimmed lights. ‘Surely I can stay awake just a little longer, right? Big brother?’
The blond and the raven.
‘M-mister Scott, sir?’ The raven looked around, wondering where the Avenger had disappeared to.
‘Yes, brother?’
‘Shall I go into Rest Mode?’ Steve suggested quietly, voice hoarse as he tried to please his master. He instantly turned his gaze to the floor as he heard Stane’s footsteps coming to a stop, his hands clasping the sweatpants Tony had given him.
‘Psst, brother,’ Loki whispered harshly, pulling on Thor’s cape.
‘Well,’ Fury continued calmly and he took in a deep breath. ‘I understand your problem, but we can’t just look away after a confession like that.’ He stood up from his chair and patted Steve on his shoulder. ‘This is a hard case, Rogers. You and your team did well. I assume I can now categorize this case as solved and closed?’
Sorry to have kept you guys waiting for so long! ^^'
‘Well, I’ll just have to try again. Maybe he’s still sleeping,’ the woman said determinately, a grin on her face as she ignored the indifferent shrug her friend gave her as he walked away.
Thanks again so so so much!
‘That is correct, however, -’
‘This chamber makes me feel… gloomy,’ Loki continued as he wrapped his arms around his body, ‘It makes me wonder… Am I happy growing up?’
‘No, don’t! Please!’ the teen crawled backwards, his hoody no longer covering his face. He moved back till he felt the wall against his shoulder blades and sheltered his face in his hands. ‘Please…! I’m really sorry…’
‘Why? Did you run into trouble?’ Steve asked worriedly, noticing the Spider-man suit the teen was wearing. ‘‘Cause you know you should call us if you do, right? Oh, and might I remind you, again, to use the front door next time instead of coming in through a thirtieth-floor window?’
‘Well,’ Vision smiled, wondering how to best explain himself. ‘You are not wrong, I am a creation of Tony’s making, however,’
With careful steps he made his way down the wide stairs, one small foot at a time. The white marble felt cold to the touch, every soundless step sending a chill up his spine.
Now standing in the warm and illuminated embrace of his brother, Loki gave a weary nod.
He waited for his goons to strap Steve to the table, making sure each belt and chain was properly secured.
‘Some cuts and nasty bruises caused by the fall, the head trauma being the cause of death,’ Strange said as he sat in the chair opposite of Steve’s desk. He stirred his tea, the autopsy report neatly placed in front of him. ‘There was alcohol in his blood as well.’
Hi everyone and welcome!
Loki had closed his eyes as he placed a gentle kiss against his boyfriend’s lips. Norns how he hated himself for bringing his friends in this senseless situation, but at the same time, he was very grateful for the teen to be by his side. As his heart started to beat at a normal pace again, the voices seemed to quiet down as well. They did not disappear, not completely, but it was more of a distant murmur now.
Tony stared, unable to respond other than to smile back. Steve looked so content, so unlike the traumatized sex doll who sat at the edge of his bed mere minutes ago. He looked flawless in Tony’s favorite black sweatpants, the sweater he was wearing, though being a bit too small, colored perfectly with what once were sky blue eyes. Tony swallowed hard as he had to remind himself the blond was still a machine.
‘… No,’ Vision shook his head, ‘no, it was your brother, Thor, actually, who brought me to life with the use of his lightning and,’
.’ Steve smiled somewhat uncomfortably, now wandering what kind of place Asgard must have been like. ‘And who are these two guys?’ he asked, pointing at the stick figures in the corner of the drawing who were holding, well, they were holding something.
The radio was turned off, causing a very uncomfortable silence to fill the car. The two children had never met this man- Stane, before, yet Peter was grateful that someone had finally chosen him after living in the orphanage for as long as he could remember. And even though this was not exactly how he had imagined the car ride to be, he was still very excited.
‘Are you okay?’ Cassie whispered as she held on to the Peter’s hand. The three of them walked through a large corridor, moving towards the back of the manor.
(See the end of the chapter for
I dwell with you, my thread woven true,
‘Well, since this party could not start any better, I say we raise a glass,’ Loki suddenly spoke, holding the tray with drinks in front of him, making sure each glass was directed towards the right person.
The playboy focused on the road as he tried to convince himself he shouldn’t feel remorseful over sending back a sex doll. He will have a talk with Stane and ask for an explanation to why Steve’s memory was full of these horrifying images.
A silence followed as Bucky continued to read his paper, now and then shifting his gaze from the printed texts towards the small god who kept staring at him. ‘What?’ he eventually asked, trying to sound as kind as he could.
The starlord casually leaned against the shopping cart and he looked at Peter. ‘Well?’ he asked, signaling the teen to hop in with a nod of his head.
‘Loki, we will have to talk about this some other time,’ Thor sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose. ‘Now I believe our friends would like some time to themselves, considering they just returned from a mission.’
‘Uh… Rogers?’
It only took Tony a couple of minutes to spot the kid, even without the help of Jarvis. The teen was sneaking around, looking rather nervous as every little sound caused him to gasp, hold his breath and freeze completely, only to continue his search as everything seemed safe. He tiptoed through the corridors on old, worn out shoes, the legs of his pants slightly to short as he had clearly outgrown them, showing off two different black socks.
Loki and Sam stopped a few feet ahead, both laughing as they saw the captain get back on his feet, though Loki rather seemed to laugh along with Sam rather than at the prank they just pulled.
Peter and Loki both looked at the sky in surprise, quickly taking a step back as Sam landed in front of them, the mechanical wings of the EXO-7 Falcon harness smoothly retracted. ‘Ready to roll, kid?’ the man asked as he adjusted his black and red goggles. He then noticed the raven child at the teen’s side, ‘So, this is what happens when you mess with magic and what not, huh?’ He asked with a chuckle.
‘These are togas, my friend,’ Thor said as he wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, ‘very different.’
‘I mean it Thor!’ Tony continued, more than angry. He then sighed and continued to stumble through the mud. ‘What I wouldn’t give for a hot shower and a glass of good scotch right now…’
‘That’s quite the scene you drew there,’ Steve looked at the drawing, slightly raising his brow as he tried to understand what was going on in the picture. ‘Care to tell me what it is about?’
The doll tried to follow Tony’s lead, eyes darting from his legs to the playboy’s hazel eyes. He was clumsy at first, nearly tripping over his own feet and colliding with the dresser before slowly finding his rhythm.
‘What about the skin tissue underneath the victim’s fingernails? Something happened here that night, Stark, and I’m gonna find out what. Also, don’t you think Barnes reacted a little strongly when we asked him if anyone would have sex with Killian?’ He then looked over at Wanda, Loki and Thor who were all busy doing their own thing, yet remained at each other’s side. ‘And we haven’t talked to all of them, yet.’
‘Yes, sir?’ A mechanical voice sounded, making Loki look up in search of where it came from.
.’ She stood up and looked at the two men. ‘If that will be all?’ She looked at Steve, smiling gently before leaving as the blond nodded silently.
Steve let out an imperceptible sigh and nodded towards his partner.
‘What did you do?’ The playboy asked, looking like he was about to explode. ‘What was in that champagne? Did you poison us?!’
‘About my cohabitants,’ the woman interrupted Steve.
‘They’re coming in pretty fast though,’ Bucky frowned, watching how the two were flying towards the running track.
is this?!’
Loki was his own original age again. The hand resting on his chest used to be so small, however, it had not lost it softness. Raven hair which was once short was now shoulder-length, though it had not lost its brilliant shine in warm morning sunrays. His body, once so small and fragile, now strong and lithe, though it had not lost its familiar scent. A scent so pure and delicate, so utterly Loki.
But it was too late. The small god of mischief, hanging from the man’s grip by his wrist, was crying.
‘The god of thunder… Thor…’ Loki looked at the blond for a second, then stood up and threw himself in his brother’s arms. ‘Brother, what happened? W-where are we?’ he asked, his hands holding onto the man’s shirt in clenched fists as he looked at the other Avengers from the corner of his eye.
‘We’re here,’ Peter said as he opened the large glass door to the training garden, putting Loki back on his own feet again.
‘Oops…’ Loki looked at his older brother, wondering whether he would get angry or not.
‘Ever heard of treating your elderly with respect?’ Steve chuckled as he caught his breath.
‘Well, what was the bet?’ Loki asked.
Thor held out his arms, ready to take his baby brother from the woman’s hands, but she walked straight past him without even looking, causing Tony to snort loudly at the god’s flabbergasted expression.
‘Oh, no, dad, it’s okay,’ Peter quickly smiled as he showed his arm. ‘Look, I’m not even… well, I’m just… There is hardly any blood, see? I’ll be fine.’ But the creature did not look up.
‘Yeah, I always have this room at the ready, never know when you need it.’ He chuckled as Steve tilted his head at an old gramophone record player. ‘Used to belong to my dad.’ He walked closer and opened a wooden box filled with records. ‘No idea if it still works though. What kind of music do you like?’
‘… Sounds awesome!’ Peter laughed as he had no idea what the raven was talking about but he was just happy to play along.
‘Your- dad?’ Tony asked cautiously, now fully understanding why Stane called the boy “disturbed.” He eyed the teen, finding no resemblance between him and Steve. It was an obvious lie, and still… ‘Steve Rogers, blond, blue eyes, body like a god. He’s your dad?’
‘You’ve got the antidote, right?’ Peter asked nervously as they now walked through the dark woods, trying to find trails of the other two Avengers, or Steve for that matter. ‘You’re absolutely sure?’
‘I, I do not recall…’
It was then that Loki started to open up, little by little. He had brought Peter carefully selected fruit, and at some point, told him short stories about himself, which were usually nothing more than a few lines, but still. It was then that the other Avengers saw what the god of thunder had seen for centuries. Loki was a good person, he just needed time and a helping hand to show him kindness and compassion.
‘Yeah, hi,’ the scientist smiled as he shook Loki’s hand, his smile then becoming a little questionable as he tried to wipe the blue paint from his hand on the grass. ‘Just call me Bruce, okay?’ As Loki nodded, Bruce turned his attention towards Peter. ‘Need a hand here, or…?’ he asked, wanting to help the teen up.
‘It is I!’ Loki shouted bravely, pointing at the teen with a stick, an oversized yellow cleaning glove on one hand. ‘The mighty soldier, Loki Odinson!’
Steve leaned forward in his chair, his elbows resting on his knees, his hands clasped together. He informed Fury of every interrogation, leaving no details spared. He eventually told him about Loki and how the young teen has all odds against him.
‘He is and I really miss him. I want to go home…’ A short silence followed before she looked at the teen. ‘He can talk, you know?’ She pressed her fingers against the toy’s belly, causing a loud voice to fill the car: “You are my bestest friend.”
You hold the key to what I cannot see,
The squeaking sound of his bedroom door slowly opening made the god look up, his eyes widening in surprise as he saw his baby brother standing in the doorway.
The playboy smirked, hearing Steve nearly growl in frustration as he placed his foot back on the floor. He stared straight into mesmerizing, bright-blue eyes, tainted with want. A challenging smirk formed on Tony’s face and mischief gleamed in his eyes. ‘Oops,’ he let out in a virtuous whisper as he leaned forward, his breath hot against the blond’s ear. ‘What’s wrong, officer?’ His attitude changed, lust replacing innocence, a smooth and dark voice vibrating against Steve’s skin, ‘I thought you were going to properly punish me.’ He bit down in the blond’s helix, softly moving the skin between his teeth which rewarded him with lewd moan coming from his partner.
‘I always go to him at night, when Thor is walking through the mansion with Bucky,’ the raven gulped. ‘I always make sure to be in bed again before he comes back. That, uhm- that night, Mister Killian had a few drinks with Miss Potts and he was drunk. He was still drinking when I got to his room and h-he had dropped his glass. The shards were everywhere and I wanted to clean it up but I- I-’ For the first time Loki opened his trembling hands, his palms now clearly visible.
‘Okay, hold on tight!’
‘Go?’ Tony blinked his eyes in confusion. ‘Go where? What’s gotten into you?’
The Avengers looked up as they suddenly heard a child crying and a man cursing under his breath.
‘Hm?’
The beast looked at the wounded teen and, now on all fours, took a slow step back, his head hanging between his shoulders.
Pepper remained silent for moment, staring at her hands as she was lost for words. The three of them then looked up as they heard the old backdoor of the mansion opening again with a loud creak.
These are all some rough ideas, as you can see. These fics will be a little darker than this one :) Please let me know if you like any of these ideas OR if you have any suggestions! I'm open for everything :)
The doll swallowed, but eventually nodded. He hated those men, hated what they would do to him. They called themselves his creators, yet it always felt like they only took, hollowing both his body and soul after every maintenance. They’ve cut him open so many times, covered his spine with cold metal, bound his bones with wire. All in the name of science, all in the name of perfecting.
‘Can you guys please stop looking so down for a second? You’re scaring away my costumers.’ An old man on the other side of the bar leaned on the counter. His eyes were hardly visible behind his tainted glasses and his white moustache merely showed a moody mouth. ‘You guys pouting over that Killian case?’
‘Oh, no thanks Bruce, Loki and I were j-’
‘Is Mister Barnes your chauffeur?’ Tony asked as he closed the door of the office, the three of them now sitting together in Steve’s small but practical office room.
‘Steve…?’ Tony asked cautiously, looking at the man who lay motionless in front of him.
Peter placed his hands on the raven’s shoulder and pushed him away, ‘Are you insane?!’ he shouted, causing Thor and Tony to turn around as well.
ps. For all of you who can't stand cockroaches... I am so sorry.
‘And if we don’t find him in time…?’
Steve sighed as he stood up. ‘And then there’s that,’ he grumbled as he made his way towards Fury’s office.
Now, I have a question for you guys! I have three ideas for a new fic and I would really appreciate it if you would give me your opinion on them.
It must have been satisfying news, for a smug grin returned on Stane’s face once more. ‘Looks like they found him, doll.’
She peeked inside and saw that the large bedroom was empty. The bed was perfectly made, the large television hanging from the wall broadcasting the early morning news. She tilted her head, then sighed in irritation as she noticed the open casement window through which rain was pouring in. She placed her tray on a table and walked into the room with big steps. She leaned slightly out of the window to close it and cursed softly in her native tongue as her clothes soaked in the rain.
The billionaire felt nothing but disgust. ‘Okay. But… why don’t you want to go back to him? When I said his name, you freaked out. What did he do?’
The woman stared at the god of thunder for a moment, her eyes trailing the god’s body up and down and a slight color formed on her cheeks. ‘I, I think I am fine bathing alone, thank you.’ She managed to say after clearing her throat.
‘I always imagined it… hot-rod red.’ Tony continued as he looked at his drawing again. He scoots a little closer, nudged the blond to pull him out of his shell and smiled. It was very tempting to lay his head to rest on his broad shoulder. ‘With a little gold, maybe.’
‘Well, I’m happy you can hear us, that means your ears are still working,’ Peter said as he patted the trickster on his shoulder. ‘Now for your legs, come on. We must be getting close to Steve.’
‘Come on, Stark, let’s go before Fury gets to us,’ Steve quickly gave his partner a light push against his shoulders, the two of them hurriedly making their way towards the interrogation rooms again.
A silence filled the room as both gods tried to fall asleep.
‘Psst, Thor?’ Loki whispered softly.
blind, are you?’
‘Right,’ Steve nodded. ‘What did you find?’
‘So, you offered them a place in your home,’ Stark said, crossing his arms as he sat back in his chair. ‘How noble, or incredibly stupid. Some sort of ultra-secret soldier and a witch, isn’t that just asking for problems?’
‘Okay, pay attention, I’m not going to repeat myself,’ Bucky said as he held out a knife, ‘So you hold your weapon like this and then swing it upwards like this, throw it in the air, and catch it in you other hand.’ The soldier demonstrated the move he explained on a wooden training dummy, his motion fast and flawless. ‘And now, you can either stab someone between the ribs or here, just above the collarbone. Now you try.’
Thor frowned worriedly as he trailed the god’s footsteps, noticing how the flora withered and died under the raven’s feet.
He briefly wondered if he would have slept better with the doll in his arms.
‘We… we do not have another brother,’ Thor stammered as he looked at the raven.
‘Sleipnir has eight legs,’ Loki whispered with a smile.
‘Wanne make a bet?’ Tony asked as he walked through the hallway of the police station, Sam and Natasha at his side. ‘Twenty bucks says it was just an accident and we are all wasting our time.’
Steve gasped for air, followed by a violent coughing fit. A wave of heat flooded his body as he tried to breathe through the pain, knowing his ribs were bruised, if not broken. He wondered who this kid was and searched again through his brand-new memory installed in the back of his head, yet came up with nothing. He wondered why it was his fault that he, apparently, was gone, and why he would know where he was. Maybe his creators have forgotten to install the data.
Anyway! Thank you guys so much for your kudos and for spending your precious free time on this fic!
Stane hang up before Tony even had a chance to comment. He watched his phone a second longer and listened to the beeping of a dead line before turning to his present again.
‘But he was,’ Steve leaned forward, his elbows resting on the small table, hands folded in front of his mouth. ‘Mister Killian threatened your staff, Mister Barnes and Mister Odinson already confirmed this.’
‘What?’ Stane frowned, then noticed what Peter was referring to. ‘Oh, yeah. Dumb beast gets himself injured all the time. Now come on,’ he placed his hand on the teen’s back. ‘In you go.’
The small trickster looked up in awe at the massive complex. He stared at all the people walking in and out of the store, some leaving with just a small back and some with iron carts on wheels which were stacked till the point where Loki wondered if the person pushing it could even see where he was going.
‘And now he’s back at the bottom again,’ Tony chuckled at his own joke, looking from the open windows on the third floor to the victim at his feet.
‘Need a little help, dad?’ Peter offered as he walked up the stairs, seeing how Steve struggled to look through the small holes in the mask, the large paws of his costume making it almost impossible to hold onto the railing or get a proper footing on the steps of the stairs.
‘Somewhere between twelve and two o’clock last night. I can’t see any signs of a fight or struggle right now. I’ll bring you the autopsy report as soon as I can. Now, if you’ll excuse me, gentlemen,’ he passed the two detectives with a nod of his head and walked back to his car.
Tony didn’t know what surprised him more. The fact that the doll ate like he had been starved for weeks, or the fact that he ate at all. He eventually placed a hand on the doll’s lap, a grin on his face as he grabbed a slice of pizza and started to shove it down his throat.
The blond stood up and turned towards the door again with a deep and loud sigh, ‘Alright, I understand. I’ll probably read all about it in the newspaper tomorrow. Good luck explaining this to the Chief Police Officer, sir,’ this remark caused Fury to look at Steve through his lashes, a grim expression darkening his face. Steve continued with a smile, ‘Well, Killian was quite the big shot, owns a lot of properties, has been into contact with the police on multiple occasions, yet we spends our time on archive work rather than investigating his death.’ The blond wrinkled his nose slightly as he held the doorknob in his hand. ‘Don’t think the Department of Justice will be too pleased to read that. Oh well, it’s your call, sir.’
‘I will go in first,’ Peter said as he tried to steady his voice, taking deep breaths. ‘I can use the gauntlet as a flash-light. Thor, you walk behind me since, well, you’re already sparkling.’
‘But what happened next, sir?’ Loki asked excitedly. He moved forward a little so he was almost hanging over the edge of the couch he was sitting on, his eyes wide as he kept looking at Rhodey.
He moved from the bathroom, taking deep breaths as he tried to calm his stomach and mind. What Obie had done, what he
‘Yes, I find it hard to believe that everyone is so indifferent towards Killian as well. Surely the man must have spoken to them about moving out, or even leaving the country.’ Natasha nodded. ‘But that’s not all.’ She took a deep breath, biting her bottom lip for a split second before continuing. ‘You asked me to look through the charges pressed against our victim.’
‘Sure was, and all thanks to these big innocent green eyes.’ Peter laughed, amiably ruffling Loki’s hair, starting to understand why the man fell for the trickster’s charm as a loving smile now colored the child’s face.
‘Yeah, I thought I’d change my image, you know? New age, new Rogers.’ Steve chuckled, ‘I’m gonna grab a shower.’
At that moment, Peter received a swing of Steve’s arm to his stomach, causing him to fall against Tony’s legs. The four men looked at the captain as he squirmed on the ground, his face towards the wall. The costume that he wore, it… it changed. The horrible tangled brown fabric changing into soft fur, the paws on his hands and feet slowly growing into actual claws. The fake tail that first laid motionless on the floor now moving agitatedly and in uncontrolled motions, sweeping from one side to the other.
So what do you think?? It was so funny, when I watched Lilo and Stitch, all I could think of was Loki... So either the story lines are a little bit alike or I am just going crazy with Marvel-madness... Maybe a bit of both... Probably the second though XD
Hi everyone,
has no soul, no heart. It has no emotions.’ He spoke as if he truly felt sorry for the machine, then took a deep breath to steady his voice and patted Tony’s shoulder. ‘It’s nothing but dead metal, kid. Surely you realize that, right?’
The doll merely kept staring.
‘He’s also been charged with sexual assault.’ The woman handed Steve her tabled, giving him all the information she had found. ‘He was supposed to watch his neighbor’s kid, fourteen years old. The victim dared to press charges against him after a few weeks, but the case got dismissed due to structural defects.’
It took Tony a few minutes to realize that the blond had been awfully quiet. He pushed himself up, skin sticking against Steve’s as it was covered in a thin layer of sweat. ‘Rogers?’
The raven stared at the stranger for a second with wide eyes. Apparently, the blond knew who he was, making Loki wonder if he had ever seen him before. ‘You know my name, sir?’
The teen gulped nonetheless.  ‘I was just wondering… what’s mom like?’
‘If you must know,’ Loki started but a low voice interrupted him.
‘Over here, kid!’ Scott called out, waving at the raven, causing him to look at his hand.
‘Right. I am a mechanical device that is capable of performing a variety of tasks on command or according to instructions programmed in advance.’ The bot took a deep breath before continuing. ‘I am incapable of feeling any form of sentiment.’
Steve leaned into the kiss, wanting it to last forever, but as always, Tony had other plans. He felt Tony’s lips move from his lips to his jawline, to his neck and down his chest. Before he knew it, the other man was on his knees, his mouth teasingly against the head of the blond’s already leaking cock. Steve threw his head back and gritted his teeth, his fingers wondering through Tony’s hair as the playboy pulled down his boxers and wrapped his lips around his cock.
‘I already told everything to your partner, the lady with red hair.’ Bucky stated curtly as he brushed a lock of his hair behind his ear, his Russian accent still slightly noticeable in his voice. ‘I have nothing to tell you.’
‘I think so, yes,’ Loki nodded slowly. He opened his mouth, ready to ask the teen another question, but the sound of clashing metal and gunshots distracted him from his thoughts.
The billionaire’s blood ran cold.
,’ he looked at Starlord. ‘You will be my uncle Peter.’
‘Okay, so you hold on tightly, like this… and then you try to flip it, like this.’ Steve explained as he flipped a pancake in mid-air, catching it again with his frying pan. ‘See? it’s easy. Now you try.’
‘And where can we find Miss Potts?’ Tony continued.
‘Everything,’ Steve sighed. ‘What we just did, and this, and…’ He then turned towards Tony. ‘We have to stop.’
‘What happened next was that I saved the day,’ the man stated like it was nothing, but he could not help the proud smile on his face. ‘And
‘Well, he made sure to install the new serum into your suit… but I created the fluid… and Steve made your lunchbox for school today, so hey! We all pitched in.’ Bruce and Peter laughed.
‘Were you and Mister Killian close?’ Steve asked as the two detectives were now in the next interrogation room.
dragged me into this!’
‘Then why did Killian stop?!’
I have discord and am more than willing to just listen to your story, or cheer you up with random/funny marvel jokes. Whatever works for you.
‘Funny thing though,’ Clint started as he continued cooking. ‘Normally, people just come and go during lunch, but for some reason, when there’s pancakes involved, they all assemble like it’s the freaking end of the world.’
Bruce and Natasha looked at each other as their tea and coffee was now spilled all over the table, earning themselves a loud snort from Tony.
Hi everybody, and welcome back to the third, and final, chapter of A Marvelous Halloween.
Loki held quiet for a full minute, after which he cautiously walked through the hallway. ‘Thor…?’ He whispered softly but he got no reply.
‘Yeah, he’s really funny, huh?’ Peter nodded, handing the raven his glass of orange juice.
‘Hope not,’ Steve chuckled as he tried to kiss the man back, but Tony leaned backwards a little each time the blond tried to make a move, a teasing smile on his face.
‘Steve?’ Tony asked with a smirk, ‘Come on, stop acting like a little kid, it’s not
‘Ah, one last question,’ Tony said before turning around and he looked Thor in the eye. ‘Where were you last night between twelve and two o’clock?’
All Steve knew was that it was best for him to stay silent and pray his master would believe him.
Loki nodded slowly and stopped walking. He placed his hands on his ears, trying to block the cries of the spirits who dwelled the forest. ‘They are calling me, Peter.’ He whispered as he started to tremble, ‘they are begging me to let them pass but I do not know how… They plead for comfort, for mercy but I cannot give it to them.’ The raven slowly crouched down, making himself as small as possible as he tried to ignore the beseeching.
‘ROGERS!’
Tony saw the boy’s smile disappearing. He seemed to mumble something as he watched Steve walk towards the front door, slamming on the glass one last time before looking at the playboy and disappearing from the window.
will naturally be the one kidnapped, and-’
Loki nearly jumped as he heard a man’s voice coming from a nearby room. He quickly pressed his back against the wall, scooted over until he was near the door opening and managed to peek inside.
job to find out?’ Strange managed to smile as he saw Sam nodding slowly. ‘Oh, there is one more thing, your victim had sexual intercourse shortly before his death. I found seminal fluid and some blood surrounding the private area.’
‘Well…’ Thor hesitated, looking at the two Peters who were already getting their coats. ‘I don’t know…’
‘Does that make you Man of Slugs? You know, because you ate all those slugs when we-’
‘Peter, I swear I meant no harm. I did it because of him,’ Loki sighed desperately, pointing at Tony.
‘Just make sure not to cross that line again, Rogers.’
!” the older man laughed, his short white beard covering none of his smile. “
‘Way ahead of you, sir.’ The perfectly polite manner in which Jarvis spoke had a strong undertone of sassiness to it. ‘But that was not the reason of my concerns.’
‘It is not you I hear!’ Loki snapped, ‘well, I do hear you as well, but, it is something else.’ He looked up and into the shadows of the forest, glancing at every moving plant and branch. ‘I hear the voices of the restless who cannot pass…’
‘Stop this nonsense! You always go to bed after bath,’ Thor managed to take a deep breath and counted to three before opening his mouth again. ‘You go upstairs, I will prepare you a bath and you will go to bed after that, am I clear?’
‘Do not touch me!’ he harshly whispered as he pulled his wrist back. ‘Do not touch me…’
‘Steve, before you take your leave, could you tell me where my brother is?’ Thor asked looking past the two men to see if he could spot the raven.
‘I don’t think you’re ready yet to learn about the Ruby Rings of Raggadorri.’
‘Peter, I- what I am going to tell you… It’s very difficult to explain. So I need you to stay as calm as possible, okay?’
‘That is good to hear.’ The raven smiled at his brother while the blond tucked him in. ‘Good night, brother. I love you,’ he whispered as he wrapped his small arms around the god’s neck once more.
‘Yeah, told you, The Blair Witch Project, no doubt.’ Tony said as he crossed his arms.
‘Well, if you ever need me, or change your mind,’ Strange said as he turned around, holding up one hand and waving the other in circles to create a portal. He then turned around and looked at the god again, ‘you know where to find me.’
Anyway, please enjoy chapter 3!
‘Was this what you were concocting in your room?’ Peter asked in disbelief as he looked at Loki, ‘why did you do this…?’
‘Uhm, dad? Pa?’ Peter quickly shouted up the stairs, knowing that things were about to get serious when the two would be calling each other by their last name. ‘You guys okay?’
‘ME?!’ the playboy shouted, ready to wrap his hands around the god’s throat.
‘Oh yeah?’ Sam smirked, ‘Well take a good look at this,’ he then ran a few steps forward and blasted off into the air. He twisted and twirled through the sky like a stunt pilot, showing off everything the harness had to offer, covering great lengths in rapid speeds. As he saw Loki cheering and waving, an idea popped into his head. He dived down, staying low to the ground and, in a swift motion, lifted the raven off his feet.
‘What the… Jarvis, zoom in.’
Bucky lowered his newspaper for a minute, looking at the trickster from the corner of his eye as he took a sip of his coffee. ‘Sure,’ he said eventually as he shrugged, turning back to his paper.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Using my last name, huh? That can’t be good,’ Tony chuckled as he entered the small bedroom of Steve’s apartment in his boxers, a glass of scotch in his hand. He walked towards the bed, smiling as he mentally compared his own cluttered apartment with the ever-so tidy bedroom of his partner. ‘What’s wrong, hot stuff?’ he asked as he placed his drink on the bedside table and joined Steve underneath the soft, dark-grey blankets.
‘My apologies for interrupting, but we have guests standing at the door, sir.’ The female voice echoed through the kitchen. ‘It appears to be mister Quill and his team.’
know how to play nicely.’
Peter chuckled and pulled the trickster close, hugging him and letting his head rest on his chest. ‘You’re an idiot, Lokes.’ He smiled as he listened to the god’s soothing heartbeat, the raven placing one hand on his back and one in the back of his neck, giving him another precious kiss.
‘As day,’ Tony smiled lightheartedly. ‘Leaves us with one question though; who did he have sex with the night he was murdered?’
‘One last thing,’ He crossed his arms. ‘Why did you never tell me you had a kid?’
‘Yes, and he is very relatable,’ the raven took the glass carefully in two hands, making sure to hold on to it properly.
The raven gently grabbed his book out of the air with one hand and turned a page, his other hand hovering over his cauldron. He took a deep breath as he made sure to articulate the following text very clearly; ‘sinn, og, sjel… som en!’
Thor wanted to open his mouth and counter the man’s offer. He wanted to say that he was wrong, that he would never consider letting his brother stay like this on purpose. He
The warm summer sun shone brightly as the trickster and the spider stood in the garden. Their bare feet in warm green grass, their hair dancing in a playful summer breeze, their capes, made of large towels, fluttering dramatically in the wind.
So for those of you who are going as well, please let me know and we might see each other there!
‘Thank you,’ the god smiled. ‘It feels good to finally receive some recognition from you.’
‘Not really, no. Thor told me to stay away from him. He did not trust him.’
‘I am so happy you have returned, brother!’ Loki smiled, ‘I have made new friends.’ He let go of the god and grabbed the teen’s hand. ‘This is Peter. He is my brother, so he is also
But Tony already grabbed the doll’s hands, placing one on his hip and holding the other in his own. ‘Time for you to learn.’
ps. I will post the next chapter as soon as its finished. Lots of love, hurt and protectiveness still to come.
The playboy rang the doorbell and took a step back, hands buried in his pockets as he admired the large stones that made the foundation of the porch. He wondered how his business partner could afford such a grand place, knowing Obie made good money, yet also knowing it could never pay for all the costs coming with such an extravagant building.
The teen cautiously peered between his fingers, finding a blond man standing at the bottom of the stairs. He was standing tall, his shoulders broad and hair messy. His clothes, a simple sweatpants and white hoody, were stained and rumpled.
(See the end of the chapter for
on the streets, but I prefer a “
A tear formed in Thor’s eye as he thought of this, emotions clenching his throat.
And that's it for today, really hoped you enjoyed the Steve/Tony part (I just love writing for those two!)
‘Mister Odinson, I’ll ask again,’ Steve spoke sternly, ignoring the girl’s remark. ‘Was Loki asleep in his bed the moment you entered the bedroom.’
‘It’s gonna be okay,’ Tony reassured, pressing another kiss against his temple. ‘I’m not gonna hurt you.’
‘Hey, little guy,’ Scott smiled as he took off his helmet, dropped his bag and looked at Loki. ‘Seriously, Wanda, you weren’t kidding.’ He laughed, hardly believing his eyes, but as the raven kept staring at him in a questioning manner, he quickly continued. ‘Oh, I’m Ant-man, or Scott, Scott Lang. Whatever works for you.’
‘… Thank you, Peter. Such wise and caring words for a young Midgardian, you take after your father.’
Tony drove up the ridiculously large driveway, stopping in front of the grand entrance of the mansion. The two stepped out of the car, the gravel path grinding beneath their feet as they made their way towards the front door.
‘“The Eye of Agamotto”… “The Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth”… “the Mystic Moons of Munapor”…?’ The trickster frowned, none of these titles making any sense to him. With one hand keeping a close grip on his dagger, he pulled out one of the books with his other hand. He then sat down against the wall and started to read the first pages.
‘A-and this kid they were talking about?’ Tony continued, blind to the bot’s obvious anxiety. ‘He said he was yours, right? Do you have a son? How is that even possible?!’
‘Okay, you wait here while I’ll go, uhm, look for something for you to do, okay?’ she said as she gestured the raven to take place on the white leather couch. ‘You’ll watch him for a minute, won’t you?’ She then said, turning her attention to the Winter Soldier who was casually sitting on the other side of the couch, legs crossed, reading his newspaper. The sternness in the assassin’s voice making it sound more like a command than a question, leaving the soldier without much options.
He raised his fist and crashed it against the blond’s jaw without restraint, over and over again, not stopping till he heard the satisfying sound of bone shattering beneath his hand. Steve meekly laid still, arms strained at his side as he knew the beating would only get worse if he tried to defend himself. Tears blurred his vision as they streamed down his temple and disappeared into his hairline. He bit the inside of his cheeks to suppress his screaming, the taste of copper filling his mouth as blood pooled on his tongue.
Loki tilted his head slightly and blinked his eyes as he wondered what the captain meant. He then looked at the items in his hands, ‘Oh, well, Tony said I should look for a side-kick to defend Midgard with but… I think I would rather stay here.’ He carefully placed the items at his side, pulled his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs, admiring the view. ‘I like summer, it is really pretty.’
‘Hey, I put your brother on that list for good reasons and you know it,’ Strange looked at the god with a sharp eye. ‘He attacked Earth, twice. A total of 88 billion dollars in property damage and, miraculously, “only” 291 reported casualties, and that is just for New York, I’m not even counting the time that he brought the, uh, what was it again? Asgardian Iron man?’
‘Fancy words for a bot,’ Tony stepped forward and grinned against the doll’s lips, his goatee prickling the other’s skin. ‘You are one amazing piece of machinery you know that, Rogers? I have to admit, can’t wait to get my hands on you. Both in bed and on my workshop table.’ He waited a little impatiently for the bot to react, ‘Come on, doll. Show me what you’ve got.’ He placed his hands on top of Steve’s and guided them to rest on his hips, his voice husky as he whispered in the machine’s ears; ‘Provide me with carnal pleasure.’
Thor remained silent for a moment as he thought this through. A chance for him to guide his brother, to raise him into a gentle and content adult. To not let him suffer all the horrors he had gone through. He had to admit, looking at it like that, it did not sound all that bad. His brother, placed under a spell for the rest of his life…
‘Doctor,’ Strange corrected, crossing his arms.
‘U-uhm, well,’ Wanda started, looking at Vision.
‘No, he cannot,’ Loki said, sitting between the two men, his legs crossed. ‘I do not believe anyone can.’ He added, taking another sip from his strawberry flavored slurpee.
” Obadiah shrugged. “
‘That’s good to hear,’ Peter nodded.
But even the playboy knew that they could not stop to rest, for the rain that kept falling down was threatening to erase the footsteps of the Beast they were looking for.
‘Hey kid,’ Sam started, his eyes locked on the captain who was still running down the tracks and he smirked. ‘Wanne pull a prank?’
It was then that Tony recalled his phone call with his co-worker.
‘I love you, Rogers, and I’m not gonna let anyone stop me from doing so,’ Tony smiled gently as he placed his hand on the blond’s cheek, his thumb softly caressing his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What? This? You really can’t tell?’ Peter looked up in surprise, a pouting expression threatening to form on his face. He then looked up in excitement, holding up a hand as he searched his pockets. ‘You’re right, I almost forgot!’ He pulled a pair of sunglasses out of his left pocket and put them on. ‘Ta-dah!’
‘…I’ve got nothing more to tell you,’ Bucky tensed up and crossed his arms, averting his eyes from the two detectives. ‘So I’m leaving now,’ He stood up, Tony following his lead, meeting his gaze and ready to stop him.
The trickster yawned as he nodded. ‘Big brother, can we play again tomorrow?’
he then glared at Loki, shaking his head. ‘
Hi everyone and welcome to this new chapter. I just want to give you guys a warning cause this one might have some themes which might be a trigger for some people... I don't want to spoil so I'm not going to tell you what it is right now so if you want to know what the warning is for, please ask in the comments before reading and I will be happy to answer you. Again, please proceed with caution :)
It was already three o’clock and the blond lay tossing and turning in his large bed, the question his baby brother had asked him still echoing in his head.
‘There now, big guy,’ Thor now said as a gentle smile became visible on his face, ‘the sun’s getting real low,’ he reached out his hand, taking a slow step forward.
I’m sat at on a sofa, upholstered with goose feathers and decorated with blankets and pillows. A pen hangs from my fingers, and a leather-bound book balances precariously on my lap. I stare up at him and he in return stares down.
“Miss Potts, will it help me get somebody good?” I asked her suddenly, with hushed tones. The pain us Omegas go through is expected to be suffered silently; it is the Alphas and Match Makers that verbalise such things.
University sure is something. I'm learning lots, I think I just need to learn to how TIME-MANAGE GODDAMNIT
“Please do not insult me at such a tender moment, you cheeky thing; this home would fall apart without me!” She laughed heartily, tears forming in the corners of her eyes. “I love you, Tony.”
There was a time when I think I enjoyed being just an Omega. Where the lack of control meant there was chance of things going wrong.
“Of course, if that is what you want to do… Tony, it is important that I understand you as a person. Yes, you will be a wife and a mother but before all that you are still Tony. As far as my aunt was concerned, you are wild and imaginative but would be good for a strict Alpha who wishes to have a challenge.”
“Madam Stark, I would love it if Tony was able to accept my gift.” She said graciously. My mother nodded with the familiar roll of the eyes and grandiose wave. Another performance for her to show how gracious she is.
Eyes widened in shock, mouth gaped opened. Thor shook his head. “But…”
And I was not his to love, either.
It would make sense for an Alpha to own the property. Otherwise it would have seized and sold. It was the only sure way to protect the building, too; having an Alpha on the lease meant that it was somebody who was probably making money. Alphas made the money. Betas worked for a share. Omegas snatched at the scraps and made homes out of it.
“Do not tell mother!” I pleaded, falling onto my knees. Rhodey look so uncomfortable. A 14-year-old Alpha is not really a full Alpha at all. It is a child-Alpha that pretends to be what it is not. “Do not tell mother, or father, Aunt Peggy. They will surely kill Rhodey!”
I think I felt a sense of authority over her at first. I could laugh at myself for it now, of course, but when I was that young and that new to this secret world of freedom, Natasha was a shock to the system.
“Bruce made bread and it was really bad. He burnt it, but it was nice to soak up in wine in any case!” He chittered, clearly thrilled. “Do you like wine, Tony? Natasha makes her own, it-“
“You knew. You knew that…”
“How did you make the mirror?” Pepper asked, and this time I felt hesitant to speak the truth. How could I tell her about Rhodey, an Alpha who was four years my elder, working class and wishing to run away with me?
“And where is the Omega now?”
I thought about my own tussled, short hair and felt a little discouraged. I could grow it out if I wanted to, but I knew that I would not look after the hair and it would instead turn into a frizzy, knotted catastrophe. Pepper’s hair was down and almost flat. The locks were pretty and I hoped that she might even entrust me to brush it once we got to our destination.
Just wanted to tell you all that I am actually planning on continuing this fic!
Wanda opened the large French doors that lead to the garden and guided the two towards an old oak tree. ‘Miss Potts? The gentlemen of the police department are here. They asked for you.’
‘What do you mean? Like ghosts?’ Peter frowned as he now looked around him as well. ‘You trying to say that there are actual ghosts here?’
‘Do I have to sleep here?’ the younger god asked as he looked around.
Stane?’ Tony wanted to ask a thousand questions, though he first had to guide the bot back onto his bed as its legs nearly gave. ‘Steve, what do you mean? How is it you know Obie? He send you as a present, you can’t-’
to show emotions,
‘L-let me go!’ The raven shouted, trying to kick the man in his face.
He felt himself falling deeper and deeper, fearing he would never be able to turn back.
The Thunderer and the Trickster.
‘Ah, yes,’ Fury looked up from behind his desk, papers and files piled up next to him. ‘I heard you and your team have some time to spare, so I want you all to help me work through some files. The detective’s department is late with its reports, as always, so it’s about time you start on those.’
‘… So,’ The raven began cautiously, looking at the stranger while now hiding a little behind the blond super soldier who stood next to him. ‘You are not trying to curse me…?’
‘He didn’t know…’ Steve murmured to himself, a line appearing between his furrowed brows.
‘His victim was his neighbor, a fourteen-year-old boy.’ Steve took a deep breath, ‘Do you think Loki-’
The doll immediately tensed as his master called his name. All the tenderness and warmth was ripped out of his voice, leaving a shallow sound. His chest tightened with anxiety, causing him to fall back into his old habits. ‘Yes, master?’
‘I share the advice Lady Widow has given you,’ Thor said sternly as he stood next to the assassin, ‘for the next time you feed my baby brother such intolerable lies, I shall let you make acquaintance with Mjölnir.’
‘Nah, I’m good. I’m going to bed,’ Peter said as he stood up, quickly hugging both his fathers before he crouched down in front of Loki and Thor. ‘You are going to bed now too, right? You promised.’
Loki’s eyes widened and he looked at this older brother, ‘Thor, may I go to this super market with sir Quill and Peter? Please?’
‘We are in Midgard, Loki,’ Thor said as he stood up, holding his younger brother in his strong arms. ‘but I believe the question would rather be; what happened to
Peter stopped for a moment, first looking at Tony and Thor, who did not seem to notice the god’s wary appearance, then looking at Loki again. ‘There you go, now let’s move, people.’ The teen tried to cheer the trickster on as Loki now walked next to him.
‘Wait, aren’t you surprised by this?’ Natasha raised her brows, not understanding why the soldier could stay so calm.
‘You don’t say,’ Sam said as he finally found his voice again.
The two came closer to the captain, only a few more yard separating them. The raven took a deep breath, reading himself to execute his mission.
‘Wha-?!’ The god uttered aghast.
‘Aye,’ Thor confirmed and looked at Bucky, who merely nodded.
‘Mister Ant-man?’ the trickster looked at his hand again, noticing it was empty. ‘Hey… where did he go?’ He asked, looking at Wanda who could not hide her chuckle.
‘Loki, I think Lady Maximoff would rather bathe alone.’ Thor said quickly, taking his little brother from the witch’s hands.
‘Yeah.’
Thor looked at the playboy for a second longer and then let himself fall back onto the couch with a sigh. ‘The mighty god of constant concern wishes to express his gratitude, o Iron one.’ He let out a chuckle at his own sentence, causing the others to laugh as well.
‘No late-night “matters” to discuss together?’ Tony asked.
Thor told me that he felt a connection to Dr. Banner the day they met, in the docks of an Asgardian fishing port. The man had been awkward at first, quiet too… and it wasn’t until the third day on the two-week voyage that the Doctor actually began to speak properly to the Asgardian refugee. It seemed right, in all honesty, to imagine the Doctor being so silent.
Before my fifth birthday, the roles you are made to take do not matter. Why would a young Omega worry about the circumference of their waist when the entire world was there for endless exploration? Alphas get more time to live in their fantasy worlds, however; Alphas have to grow before they can take on their roles as protectors and providers. ‘Become a soldier, keep your neighbours safe’. That is what the recruiters would say, attracting young Alphas towards it.
A group of thugs took advantage of the young Omega girl who wanted to be something more than her station in life would allow. They used her as bait. A helpless, lost Omega, tricking men. As she grew, the tactics and ways in which she was used grew, too. Eventually, Natasha was having sex with Betas, Alphas even Omegas as a way to make others rich. And they found that using an Omega worked out well. So more young Omegas were taken with promises of being more and taught how to use theirs bodies and exploited for money and power.
Regardless of this, my mother expected greatness in the form of my body, and consequently she expected to feel proud that she had at least mothered a successful Omega.
“Yes.”
“I think somebody is tired.” She said quickly, before patting me on the back. “Go to bed now, Tony, I will be up soon.” She said quickly.
“Fresh, like an unpicked rose.” He comments, the tone so lazy. As if he is flower picking. A finger, the index finger on his right hand, prods my labia. I whimper and he crushes me down. His nails are dirty and long and they scratch as he strokes the very beginnings of pubic hair.
“You like it?” Natasha asked.
“They might be worthy to some Omegas, but I want to try new things. I’ll always dance and sing and ride-horses… please?”
Frigga sat with Thor, stroking her son’s arm as the King was buried, body lowered into the ground. Loki stood next to Hela, arms folded. He traced the curve of the smirk on the oldest sibling’s face. He had his hardships with Odin, that was for sure… but the death had bought the kingdom into mourning.
It may have been a fantasy world, but it was a world that certainly kept Dr. Banner rich; thus keeping Totleigh Manor open.
She was then pounced on by another thug. Natasha grunted as she fell into the puddles of blood that had been collated from the fellow slain Omegas whose bodies were strewn across the room as if they were nothing more than rugs. The Thug punched her in the stomach, causing the young woman to lurch forward, grunting in pain. It was due to the blood, though, that the Thug slipped as he attempted to place his hand down to settle himself after the punch. Natasha kneed him in the groin and slipped from underneath the murderer. She kicked him hard in the stomach, but she knew that it would not be enough.
“Run away with me. Not right now ‘cause I can’t provide you with anything. But I’ve been researching and when you turn sixteen I can mate you and we can run away together and get an elopement. We’ll live in a cottage and we’ll build together. I’ll hunt for food and money and you can sell what we make.”
Brunnhilde had gathered some sort of soft spot for Thor over the years spent training him. Naturally, when the warrior was initially informed that she would be teaching the Omega Prince to fight, she felt annoyed.
The pale-yellow box with the lime green bow looked expensive, something my mother would have imported from a big town, miles away. I felt like it would be wrong to open it up; as if this was all just a test. Match Makers would, at times, put forth scenarios just like this as a way to find out if young Omegas were greedy, or selfish, or in any other way ‘unsuitable’.
Corpses burnt along the streets, homes bordered up, blood, congealed and thick amongst the pavements.
Thor had stopped playing.
The first man to enter was tall and blond and had long blond hair that was braided at parts yet left down in other areas. He smiled at me and Natasha. “Hello, I greet you warmly.” He said kindly, with an odd tint to his voice. “My name is Thor Odinson, Omega. I am happy that I have been allowed to visit you.”
He turns his gaze onto me, toothy grin plastered on his face. “No arguing over toys or anything!”
“I’m going to fucking burn his world down one day, Aunt Peggy.” I whispered, my voice gruff. “I’m going to make him pay for taking Rhodey away from me.”
Oh Rhodey.
What else could I do? I nod.
“Because, Thor, they walk around like they own the palace. And they don’t if anything, this palace should be mine.” Thor looked around, eyes wide.
Thank you.
“In my homeland, there’s trees that reach higher than the top of the manor. They’re hard to climb, until you learn to follow grooves; I can climb to the top in mere seconds!”
Natasha:
“Sweetheart. You cannot possibly love James Rhodes. You should not have ever spoken to him.”
“I-I… Is this a test?” I asked.
Dr. Banner looked at me, eyes filled with concern? Or something of the sort? He then cleared his throat. “What do you like to do, Tony?” He asked me softly.
Thor opened the door, a large smile plastered on his face. He picked me up in a hug, and I wondered why, in his land, he wasn’t killed for his abnormality.
I was in my room, wearing a long white skirt and the corset that Pepper gave me. It was Dara who had named it a ‘corset’. Her sister, a skilled seamstress who lived in the city, made them for Match Makers, who then sold them to Omegas for a hefty profit.
“What do you read Tony?”
“He keeps us safe from outer influences, you see.” She stroked my hair with heavy sigh. She wished my hair was longer. “He punishes those who don’t try their hardest to make sure we’re safe. Lord Stane is like God.”
“I noticed, it just makes me happy… it’s so weird. Water on your body, from the sky!” He spins and almost stumbles but catches himself very quickly. He begins to laugh again, and I can’t quite understand how he can just be
And then he let go.
“Tony, please…” She stroked my hair back. “Listen, Rhodes is a good cadet. He listens well. And do not think he won’t be getting a good telling off for this. He should know better. But you cannot fantasise about having a life with him. It will not happen. There is no possibility of it happening.”
My Rhodey.
Thank you to everyone who has patience. I have enjoyed the holidays; have you?
Much like how she did not want to be a Mother and a Wife, Natasha quickly decided that she no longer wanted to be bad or used for sex. After asking for the money she had earned, the group attempted to kill her. She found that years of pickpocketing and silent moving and knife tricks had made her quite lethal. Within moments, she had killed the three thugs who had attempted to murder her in cold blood. Staring at what she had done, Natasha came to the resolution that she now could only have one job in society; protect and empower other Omegas.
for eleven years of my life.
I nodded solemnly, dropped the clean fork onto the table and trailed up the stairs to my room. I closed my eyes.
I was confused. I was dazed and dizzy, too. I suppose that the day had been a long one and this was the final scare of many. I suppose that’s why I rested my head on his chest and caught my breath.
I can do so much more. I am strong, Heimdell!” Thor was breathing heavily, cheeks flushed, eyes wild.
To answer some questions: Tony is a Male Omega in this work. If you are not familiar with the Omega verse, or are interested in my version of the Omega verse, then I can write a section for this. And yes, The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood is an inspiration for this work. Other inspirations come from Carol Ann Duffy's poetry Anthology The World's Wife, Khaled Hosseini's The Kite Runner and Jim Hall's poetry collection, Boy. The piece is set in the past, the 19th century, but is an AU that focuses on tradition the treatment of certain members of society.
I looked up, met with her eyes. A fire roared within those oakwood orbs; her need to protect me, to shelter me, to create a sense of justice for me and my stolen innocence.
… He was kept alive. His mother loved him unconditionally. His father loved him too. He just knew what was to come, and the fight he’d have to get his Omega son married. Although he had Hela, a strong and capable Alpha daughter…
Natasha had been scarce as of late, too; leaving meal times early so she could get back to her ‘work’. Thor had taken to cooking (altered) Asgardian meals – hearty pies and extravagant salads with star-cut carrots and spiralled tomatoes. He enjoyed it, especially when Bruce joined us.
In the three ceremonies that I had been two at that point in my life, there had been basket upon baskets of presents, so much so that early morning the next day, the Alpha and Beta relatives had to make four trips to the ceremony centre in order to pick up the items.
Loki was no idiot. He studied, knew the rules of the war and compromise. Thor wouldn’t be lucky enough to be the Wife of a kindly young noble Alpha. He wouldn’t be looked after, he wouldn’t be allowed to train or have fun.
Precisely.
Like most other issues I carry about my person, eating was something that became problematic due to my mother’s concerns over me being a decent enough Omega to win my father some sort of lengthy contract. I used to tell my mother stories about flying knights in gold armour, protecting the lands. At first she listened with a kind-hearted smile. The smile disappeared when I began to talk about the young Omega warrior that saved the day.
“Lord Stane says that he has mentally, and that the mental innocence is of great import, even more so than the physical.” She toldme, and the monotone drone of her usually chirpy voice only confirmed what I had feared.
Perhaps marrying my father was a piece of sympathy, granted at the last moment?
The ceremony itself was not the reason I longed to go the event; it was the party that took place afterwards.
“No, it’s my ring!” I began to sob into her sleeve, clutching the ring against my chest. The corset made breathing heavily hard, yet at the same time, it made the sobs all the more powerful. “It’s mine.”
“Oh. I understand that. Okay, if you have to go…”
“It doesn’t rain, um, where I from.” He says, shrugging.
Winds were high on top of the castle watch tower. The sea could be heard crashing against the stone – Hela stood at the edge, panting for breath.
“Oh really? How do you know that your father did not just buy if from her beforehand and told her to gift it to you?”
“I-It’s nice to… to meet you, Miss Natasha.”
… figuring out how to clean up my mess.
I opened the box. Another box. Opened the box. Another box. I wanted to sob at this point.
“Yes, Tony. A promise ring.” He confirmed, laughing slightly.
Oh Rhodey.
One of the Alphas who helped carry the forbidden toy was a dark-skinned 13 year old who I recognised from the soldier marches that took place once a month. James Rhodes? That seemed right. He was a cadet, top of his year’s class. He’d make a fine soldier, if he carried on the way he had been. Perfect for a young middle-class Omega.
The corset was an excellent birthday gift and I felt glad to own it. I tried my hardest to ignore the seeds of doubt that Dara had placed in my head. My father would not know that such things existed, surely?
Rhodey was not in the countryside.
the door went as blood pooled around Natasha’s bare feet.
“I do not use rags, Miss Potts. Only the finest of ga-“
“Mother, I promise you, I have not- We kissed, that was all! What danger is there in a kiss?”
Meanwhile, I would learn with Thor, about the ‘Truth’ – a vague concept within itself that still baffles many.
He’s still grinning at me, teeth white.
Tony shrugged, nibbling a slice of bread. “I spent a lot of time with Dara… if not her, my father has friends who had Omega daughters. They annoyed me though. So… Omega-y.”
That seemed unlikely. Dara was my closest friend, despite never actually being my friend in any conventional terms.
Thank you for the comments on the previous chapter; it was greatly appreciated.
The room inside smelled of fresh paint, the colour of which was a pale blue. The window, a large circular one that opened on alternative panes, was wide and framed with a pair of net curtains, the pattern of which revealing a series of birds flying in different directions. A sofa, white, was central to the window, decorated in a knitted blanket that read the word ‘courage’.
I could teach myself and improve without Auntie Peg.
Trembling, I put my fingers against my birth canal and pull them back out. Red. It smells like copper.
Writing is what began my revolt against society. The Omegas who had written on the walls of Totleigh Manor may now only be the ink left on stone and wood, but I am not. I suppose it has always been my destiny to speak out against how we are treated, perceived. There was a story in Totleigh Manor, about Moses delivering his people to their promised land. Biblical. An Alpha who is wronged by society.
“You may call me Pepper, Tony. Especially if we are friends.”
Like he was. My Alpha. But that’s for later.
“Sounds like a trick that most certainly backfired, then.” Pepper replied. What? Dara, attempting to trick me?
“They were wet and cold and tight. I struggled to breath in them. Really, today is the first day in ages I feel like…”
“I prefer to watch.” Pepper told him in regard to dancing. “Though, you may dance today.”
“I promise you, Dr. Banner, nobody will come-“
Aunt Peggy let out a sigh. It was not hard or soft, angry or sad, quick or slow. Just a sigh. The concealed meaning of the sigh made me look up at her.
The very thought of Obadiah churns my stomach, coats my throat with bile and sends a searing pain through my chest. I feel as if though she knows. She must know. She has to.
I gave it to Rhodey, who felt bad about taking it at first. But once I explained why I could not possibly keep it, he understood. To keep it would get me in trouble.
“Shit… see what insolence causes?” I am lifted up easily by my arms and laid down.
He pulls my skirts up, and it tickles my nose. The cream colour will be stained red, I am sure. He breathes heavily onto my sex, it’s warm and strange and tingles. He shoved my useless organ out of the way and focused on my birth canal. It is still sealed, the hymen intact. He put his nose up against my hole, breathing it in. He will savour the smell.
I felt my eyes water, and a squeezed Pepper’s hand.
And thus the two grew together, Loki and Thor, Thor and Loki, the brothers who unsuited physically to their genders.
Her words were said not with malice but with the intention to teach me. Rhodey was not what I had been through so much for; I was expecting to be given to an Alpha with much higher prospects. Rhodey was at most a servant who would continue to work in my father’s shops. Rhodey was not mine to fall in love with.
Aunt Peggy put me in a vice grip. “Hush, child! Please! Tony, once the ring is on your finger, you must keep it on always and if you do that, your mother will surely faint!” She shook me slightly, and he felt the tears rush down my cheeks. I felt ridiculous. I felt stuck.
Natasha walked through, hair up in a complicated bun that looked relaxed and serious at the same time; it suited Nat well. She gave me a smile, and the scent of a warm stew followed through with her. “Back so soon?” She asked, crossing her arms. “Pepper really did turn you into one of us, huh?”
“… What are we coming to as a society, where Omegas are given the chance to manipulate Alphas into work? Where they can run around with virtually no clothing on? And this ‘corsetry’ business is ruining tradition!” Natasha sounded amused, which I could not understand. I was seething unbridled anger at the words she seemed to be taking lightly. My corset was an introduction to a range of freedoms I had yet to know of.
“When I bought you that workbench, I knew that you’d use it. It haunted me for days, mind. You getting into trouble because I had been careless; I had nightmares about… What made you want to see that boy, Tony?” She asked, looking serious.
“Tony…” She began, but I shook my head.
My legs, too, had turned to led and I felt as if though I might fall off my chair. My father would be so angry… And I would have to admit to everything!
“No, no… you certainly aren’t.” He mumbled, looking at my work. “So, it’s a device that let’s you magnetise and copy up writing that perhaps is difficult to the naked eye?” He questioned.
Another sigh. “That is not possible, my love. Give me the ring and-“
The thug was not hard-dazed by the kick was regaining stability quickly. It was then when a silver glimmer caught Natasha’s attention. A shaving blade. With a grunt, Natasha slid herself toward the blade, gripping it tightly as she fell back onto the floor, back against the cut-open belly of a young Omega. She let out a cry as her back stuck to the guts of a young Omega, barely the age of twelve. It was warm and gave off a putrid smell. The thug grabbed Natasha’s ankles, dragging her down. With a growl, she used her force to throw her upper body towards the thug’s hands. The blade slipped through the wrist of the left arm like it was warmed butter. The man screamed out, and Natasha took this time to kick him in the face. The blade then entered the throat, like a lamb to the slaughter. She pulled it rigidly through the skin and made a sawing motion, guiding the blade deeper.
“Yes, Dr. Banner.”
The window frames, a dark brown in colour and neatly painted at that, had woven baskets filled with purple and blue flowers. They flittered in the breeze and added a new, fresh sort of vibrancy to the so-called manor. It was not particularly small, but it was not large, either. As we got closer, the gates were opened, and another red-haired woman waved at Pepper, who in turn seemed to get even more excited. The horses stopped pulling us once we were through the gates, and the red-haired woman opened the door.
Thor Odinson had travelled a large distance to come to Totleigh Barton and live there. He had grown tired of his father’s plans for him and had taken off in the night, with enough money to get him lodgings, information and travel. He had a great deal of stories to tell, too. But I suppose I’ll save them for later. They might prove to be a mood-shifter.
In the grand scheme of things, my mother was not successful in becoming a higher status. My grand-father, a man I never met, was a high-ranking officer. She married into more wealth, but not into the social class. Dara mentioned something once about Obadiah being my mother’s intended Alpha. Perhaps she was too plain?
“Verbal answer, boy.”
He had bought me a fairy-tale book for small children, and said he wanted to teach me how to read. For some reason, I had been afraid of admitting that I could read and write to Rhodey despite him being very eager to teach me woodwork. I had not made the connection between the two Un-Omega activities, though I see now that, in most cases, it is good to hold reservations in regard to certain things.
“Hey, hey, it’s a joke, Tones. Keep goin’, you’ll find the gift. C’mon. For me?” He added the question on so endearingly, who was I to refuse my one true love?
It was all part of the process. An Omega, after all, must follow all processes. The very social system in which we all live depends on Omegas going to good Alphas. And Omegas must be suitable for good Alphas, though what makes an Alpha ‘good’ is merely a thing of birth, anyway. That was the issue, it seemed; Alphas stayed in their social standing, Omegas could work their way up. Certainly, the highest honour would be the role of Wife to an important Alpha. Alphas were allowed to be important. An Omega was only as important as its aesthetic. Which is why I was tightened and squeezed and put through
“Tony. I’m James Rhodes… you can call me Rhodey though. All my friends call me Rhodey.”
It was the sort of place you expected a rich family to live, with staff and a nanny. Unlike my home, though, it was personal and homely. My house felt empty. Everything was for show, including myself. My mother was a little porcelain doll. I was being turned into one, too.
I looked up at her, shocked. I wasn’t often on the receiving side of gifts. Why give a gift to somebody who could have everything they would ever need or, more importantly, want? My father let me entertain myself mostly, and allowed the staff to take me to the shopping district. I owned one of everything an Omega was allowed to play with, even a few Alpha-designed toys that were kept away under the stairs.
I collected my design and walked with Pepper to the dining room, where food had been prepared. Sausages and bacon and toast, along with little pots of jam, all sorts of the flavours.
“My boy, are you not happy with your lessons in dancing, and singing and horse-riding? They are worthy hobbies!”
My greatest friend.
“Can you read?” He asked her. Natasha nodded.
There were no rags rubbing my skin; all I felt was silk, with the sprung steel boning like a faint memory beneath the padding. It felt luxurious on my flesh.
‘It’s where you wanted him to go.’ A gruff reply. A wince and a nod.
“Miss Potts found… so it is not with Obadiah?” I ask tentatively, wincing as I wait for the answer.
That evening I was given a bowl of soup and sent to bed. The next day, half a satsuma and a honey-dipped biscuit was all that I given. And the next day. Any infantile plumb that I previously carried upon me had gone and I felt as if my head was going to explode if I did more than turn in bed after the fourth day. I did not even feel hunger and began to leave the biscuit and satsuma, no longer interested.
Rhodey and I had broken so many rules. Thank my guardian angel that Aunt Peggy had found us. She was breaking another rule by being at the home without mother or father being present. We were a house of sinners and that was something that had to be addressed sooner or later.
“He did not place the ring on my finger! It is not a promise yet!” I cried, trying to run out of the door. Rhodey had to put it on my finger!
I wanted to know who I was. Dr. Banner was the person who could help me find out. Why couldn’t I come up with a simple idea?!
“I love you, Tony.”
In one corner of the room stood a workbench, with a rack of tools and materials and decorations. It was much more sophisticated than the one Dara had bought for me; it was a solid piece of wood, with grips and shackles and drawers.
“Oh? Oh, Tony, you need not worry about such things. You are young and not fully developed yet.” She appeared to be laughing at me. I blushed and hid m head in her pale blue sleeve. She stroked my hair. “Do not fear, Tony. I am your Match Maker for life. I hope that we can be friends.”
I wonder now if what I loved was Rhodey, or the freedoms that came with being his. I suppose it was a mixture of both.
Natasha:
I settled back down a swallowed the still lead-like lump of wet bread in my throat. I felt foolish, despite not having done anything openly. Times like those, in my reflection, would be great times for a diary. To settle that moment of dread, blinding white panic, settle it all down with words that were clear and concise and made sense.
“W-who?” I mumbled into his hand. I knew the answer but I just…
Pepper:
Alphas play a very different strategy for survival than Omegas, do they not?
“Hold on now, it isn’t all for you. Tony eats like a bird, sure, but he still needs some food.”
“And you dared to betray me, Loki? Barely even part of this family and you think you can steal the throne?!” Loki hung from Hela’s grip by his hair, body limp and eyes darting around. “What is it you wanted to achieve? You think you’re better than me?”
Thank you.
Half an hour later, Thor was playing something merry and quick as Pepper spun me around the room. Natasha clapped and drank some sort of ale and moved her feet side to side. Dr. Banner sat in an arm chair, reading something he had bought with him. I wondered if he owned Totleigh Manor?
… Then I run up to my room. There is a desk, obviously. I sit on it, grab a piece of paper, and spew out the words I know onto a page.
I wanted to mate James Rhodes. My Rhodey. The only Alpha who would offer me safety. I needed to mate Rhodey, otherwise my life felt non-existent. What would a life be without Rhodey? Oppressive? Simple? Still full of wealth?
She grasped me hard and shakes, tears falling down her face. “I knew I should have sent you away to an Omega Commune.” She cried. I stared at her in fear. I do not know the consequences of my actions and dread to find out. “You are wicked and wrong and…” she stopped short, took in a breath, “I love you dearly.”
I shook my head. It’s painful think about, his finger is a ghost inside me and I feel bile begin to fill my throat again.
“I’ll kill yo…” With a thud, Thor was knocked out by a heavy boot to the face.
Virginia acted as if my possession were wonderous antiques that had been retrieved from a sunken ship. I knew she was faking the smiles when I showed her my collection of finely painted horses and cream-coloured felt bears.
I showed a slightly perplexed James Rhodes the room under the stairs, and felt some sort of pride bulge in my stomach at the satisfied expression that came upon the young Alpha’s face. He was pleased with my suggestion.
We discussed, briefly, the event with Obadiah. How he told her that he would offer good money for me; claim me as his and ensure she would never have to work again.
‘An Omega.’
My mother hated the fact Auntie Peg taught me how to read and write. She told Peg that I was not her child, and that if I was then the military would take me away from her and give me to a more deserving Beta family.
“It’s just Natasha, Tony. The only person who is not on a first-name basis is the Doctor… but he is not here at present therefore you need not worry about it.”
I knew what I truly wanted, even at the age of ten.  As I sat in the carriage, across from Pepper and staring off into the distance, I knew what I wanted. I just did not have a name or a definition for what I felt, besides the illegal, nasty terms that reminded me of my mortal state and the swatting hand of God that could smite me down where I stood.
There are flowers blooming, some already turning brown and others, barely unfurled, reaching out to soak up the sun and the rain and the sky.
“Then he must right away!” The foreigner announced, grabbing my hand. I felt dazed.
I assumed not to the last one. Match Makers were busy people and as much as I wanted to believe that I was special, it occurred to me that there was no possible way I could be as unique as I wanted to believe I was. Pepper probably wanted to give this opportunity to all of her clients.
“So, I’m a friend now?” I wondered what the logistics of what would be. Friends with one of my father’s employees? It seemed laughable. My father would have struck him and fired him with no character reference if he had known that this conversation had taken place under the stairs to his office, Rhodey in the house without consent and helping me set up something entirely illegal. My mother would have fainted.
I told her about the Omega school I had invented, and she walked away in tears.
“… I am Thor Odinson, Prince of Asgard… I can fight…. I am Thor…. I can…”
I loved Rhodey.
Obadiah Stane sat on my bed.
I nod.
She loaded the coach and took my hand as she helped me into the carriage. The seats were plump, a royal blue felt-type material that appeared to comfort the flesh through clothing. I dragged my finger along the copper trimmings along the windows, mouth contorting into disgust as a thing veil of dust came along with my finger like a stow-away on a busy commercial boat. I wiped the dust off on the seat besides me and looked out of the window.
But, since I believe it’s important that he is remembered…
Thank you.
“Wait and see.”
Arriving at Totleigh bought with it the same feeling of freedom that came with my first visit; except I knew that inside I would find the stories of Omegas like me.
“Your mother told me that Obadiah was in your room, alone… why would you father allow something like that to happen?” She muttered after a while, the room becoming icy. I gulped; she stroked my hair once more. “I’m glad you’ll be away from him. He’s always spoken about ‘wanting’ you… You, Tony, deserve much better than Lord Stane. You deserve better than any other Alpha your father decides is worthy of your affections.”
“I can read and write, I can fight and climb, I am Thor Odinson, Prince of Asgard…”
“Tony? Tony, what is it?” Aunt Peggy started checking my body, probably for signs that I had been attacked after all. I yanked my vessel away from her hands.
Dr. Banner occasionally glanced up. Not at me directly but at the room. He was observing.
Had I been so transparent? I knew that I trusted Pepper Potts from the moment I met her but the fact she could discern all of that from the brief amount of time I had spent with her in my room that day was concerning to my mind. I did not wish to be so easily readable.
“Aunt Peggy, I do not want to belong to another Alpha.” I told her with a sort of tone that indicated that I was heart-broken. What does a ten-year-old know of heart-break?
“No, not at all! I don’t want you getting into trouble, Master Stark. You gotta hide it so that he doesn’t see.” What? I was taken aback by this explanation. He had sneaked in my room to… make sure I wasn’t in trouble? This certainly was odd behaviour. “I can move it somewhere else for ya. Where he won’t go. Like… in a cupboard or a sewing room or-“
Skittish and afraid to disturb his soliloquising of his hard day working out deals with the City, she would raise her hand to the level on her nose, a silent indication that she may have more than just a simple to nod to contribute to the evening.
(See the end of the chapter for
I know what he wants to do. He’ll lie regardless. Say that I have been tainted but am not pregnant, that God has seen my worth and given me a second chance. But he will touch me and put his finger in me.
“… And Loki had but a pinecone under the pillow!” Thor exclaimed, laughing loudly before taking a large bite out of his potatoes, the food virtually just a holder for half a stick of butter. “Oh, father was mortified but it was funny!”
“Of course, my associates agreed that the slut was guilty. We removed the child and the womb. The Omega cried and wailed and one guard almost showed him comfort, but that’s precisely what allowed the situation to happen.”
This time everyone was present, and the atmosphere was familial. The friendly buzz of chatter and laughter rand around the room – singing in tandem with the hearth at roar.
Pepper grinned. “Thank you, Tony…” She stuck her tongue out at Natasha, who looked at my in mock shock.
I walked to the workbench; slid my fingers across the smooth bench; opened a heavy drawer with a slight heave.
Pepper called us in after around an hour of talking. She chided us lightly for the state of our clothes, though we knew she didn’t really mind. She herself looked tired – she had been to the city for a few days and had not quite settled back into life at the manor.
… it was clear to him that Thor was going to be the special case.
“Who goes there?”
“I may?”
“I… I love him. I just, well… I don’t know.” I shrug, feeling guilty. I gather that she noticed.
I was sorting out the workbench when James Rhodes walked back into my room. My nostrils flared. An Alpha? I turned quickly, ready to run. I was met with a nervous smile and an open hand. “Hello.” He said softly.
“It’s important, Tones. You hafta show the world that you are great. Better than most snooty Alphas.” He would ruffle my hair – why did it always have to be the hair?
“Have you heard from Brunn?” The Omega asked eagerly. “Or Sif… or anybody?”
“Is that how to greet friends, Tony?” There was the easy going tone I had grown to love. Rhodey! “Happy belated birthday, Tony.”
It is uncommon for an Alpha to shun an Omega child. It is their duty to protect their offspring and Alphas within a village or community often work together to achieve ultimate protection for the Omegas. Precious cargo, after all. Omega children let rich men get even more rich and poor men get a taste of what it means to be rich. Somehow, through the disappointment that came with my gender, he failed to establish the initial paternal connection needed for our relationship to exist. The only emotions that flood through my heart on the rare occasion we must make eye contact are dread and pity. Dread for who he will sell me to on my 18
After three years, the only issue appeared to be the lack of suitors.
Pepper gave a quick nod before making a hush gesture. “Behave now, don’t talk about people behind their back!”
I did not want to be his victim ever again.
“Oh, but we’ve been friends for two years! Aunt Peggy, he gave me a promise ring, look!” I held up the ring, realising at that moment that he had not placed it on me. It was not true if the Alpha did not place the ring on the Omega. I let out a gasp. “Oh no!”
Dara took it in her pride, though. She took a lot of things in her pride.
Other Alphas the village have taken to drink in the past. Most lose everything and are kicked out of their communities. I wish my father wasn’t the anomaly to that pattern.
I nodded, taking in Natasha.
He smiled at me encouragingly. “I promise it’ll work, Tones, I’ll make it work.”
“What I mean is, Tony, you do not have to- you do not need to be your mother. You can be Tony. You can be you.”
Thor felt his heart tear a little bit more at the reply. “Where are we going. You, Thor Odinson…. You’re going to Midgard. With a man called Dr. Bruce Banner. He’s waiting at the docks…”
“Tony, do you remember how the rags felt?” Virginia asked me. I looked at her, nodded.
With a tired sigh, I pulled on the cords and the blouse. I looked odd. Too small for the trousers. They were probably Natasha’s or Pepper’s, anyhow. It made sense they wouldn’t fit a ten-year-old.
Christine, her name was Christine.
I undo the lime green bow, letting it fall to the floor. My mother tuts; no doubt she will pick up the fabric, wrap it around and around her index and middle finger on her left hand and place it in her sewing room. She’d use it in a dress for a gala or a ball or one of Father’s at-home business meetings, where she is expected to hand out drinks and appetisers and kneel at Father’s side, head on his lap.
I shake my head. No! No! I am young and a virgin and not… not that. A whore! Not a whore!
“Loki, this is dangerous.” Thor whispered as he watched his younger brother pick up a dragon-steel daggar, the cool metal shining against the fire that roared in the hearth. The Alpha let out a snort.
Thor never seemed bothered. He spent most of his time with his friends. Though Odin had a slight suspicion that his son was perhaps slightly too close to the Warrior Sif – he chose not to comment and, instead, kept a close eye on their relationship.
Thor was still an Omega, he had gone through all the relative steps. Hela didn’t want him in the castle. She wouldn’t have use for an Omega like him.
I allow a moment to think about my words. We had kissed and held hands – that was defilement of a sorts, surely? But he had been kind and had not hurt me and would have waited until I had grown, until I had been ready.
Obadiah Stane had convinced my mother that I have been damaged.
Odin had a head-ache from the non-stop persistency Thor would undertake.
She sat on my bed, stroking my hair as she hummed a forgotten song. The semantics of nature spring to mind when I think of the song now though I wish, I dearly wish I could remember it. Her voice would lilt even through the simplistic communication of humming; that song was a comfort.
WARNINGS: The sexual assault of a ten-year-old. It isn't pretty, it isn't consensual and happen at the end of the chapter. If you wish to skip it then stop reading at their arrival back to Tony's home.
It did cross my mind that perhaps who I am would be contained on the paper I wrote on, oddly enough.
“Are you okay, Tony? Pepper shouldn’t have been so rough.” He asked with timid concern. Like he was afraid of scaring me.
Special thanks to Sappuppet, who makes me think about my writing and the way in which I portraying themes and ideas. You are a wonder!
Pepper chuckled. I remembered the conversation and tensed slightly. I did not want to ask about it. I wanted to complete this challenge first, figure out where I stood with Dr Banner.
“Yes he i- was. He was a lot of fun, even if he was annoying.” Thor look down for a moment, before laughing again. “Tony, it must have been so relaxing, having no siblings.”
“Breathing fully is an option?”
“… Howard Stark’s child is here...” He said, before groaning. I felt a little offended at that; I was not nausea-inducing! Pepper sat the Doctor down, pouring him some water.
She told me that I was more than welcome, got back into her carriage and left the estate, turning right to the city.
Whimpering was only going to make matters worse, I knew that. I had to draw the courage to speak, besides my fear in what may have happen. Or, what was going to happen, if I did not speak up soon.
Rhodey would bring me paper and pencils every time he visited me. He said that it was important that I kept working hard, so that I may do well when I am older.
“Shut up, Thor… come on, get up. We need to get a move on before your friends-“
I had a request.
Another, smaller, blue box.
It never really stopped my father from using his power for his own needs, however.
She was smiling a wobbly smile, eyes wet.
What’s so special about a Manor, I asked her. She let out a pretty laugh.
“Which isn’t many other people.” She pointed out to me. I nodded stiffly. “That is not your fault. I am determined to right by you, Tony Stark.”
Mother sat with a grim expression painted onto her delicate features. I feel uneasy, because I could very easily be blamed for any and all accusations Obadiah thrust upon me.
The door opened and the sound of glass smashing on the wooden floor made us jump apart.
“Shall we go inside?” Natasha suggested. She and Pepper walked in front as I observed the grounds. The garden was impressive, wide arrays of flower beds overrun with spring peas and pulsatilla blooms stretching out in the air, chasing the spring time sun. They were wild and beautiful. The flowers we had growing at home were strictly cropped and kept in rows by a gardener that came to the home daily. Nothing left its bed, grew too high or tangled stalks.
I think about the Omega that was at Totleigh Manor. Thor. He had moved there to live, and despite his foreign looks he produced a feeling from me, a feeling of guilt. He had been through much, not that I knew at that moment. I wonder now why the world had to make such difficulties for young Omegas. People in general. Rhodey was very much an Alpha who seemed to see past the barrier of gender; why was is harder for others?
Her eyes widened and I felt the catching of her breath. She was silent, before licking her lips with a hesitant nod. “You’ll do it splendidly, Tony.” She replied, before kissing my forehead with vigour. “I’ll try to visit you at this… Totleigh place. I cannot promise much but I’ll try. The Alpha who owns it seems to have a lot of sway in the way of politics. I hope you’ll be safe.”
Deeper and deeper.
More Peter and Steve coming up in the next chapter!
‘With the national symbol of America as my witness,’ Tony said with a straight face as he pulled the captain to his side, one hand raised, on arm intertwined with that of the blond. ‘I am certain, o mighty god of constant concern.’
‘Sit!’ Steve’s voice echoed through the small interrogation room, low and dominating. He waited for both his partner and the suspect to sit down again before continuing. ‘You said that you hardly ever spoke to Killian, but we did our research and discovered that he was trying to get you and the others out of the mansion.’ He looked up at Bucky, waiting for a response, but the man kept his mouth shut.
Hope you guys will like it just as much as I do.  :)
Lots of love
‘I can completely understand Thor’s actions,’ Natasha admitted, a glass of red, delicious wine in her hand. She was sitting at the round table in Rogers’ small apartment, Tony sitting next to her.
‘You’re forgetting Loki,’ Steve noted as he stared out of his window.
And there it was. Again, hope you guys liked it.
‘Loki…’ Thor sighed, wondering how to prove he was indeed the child’s older brother. He then smiled as a plan came to mind. He reached out his hand under the watchful eye of the Avengers and the young raven, flinching as he heard glass shatter in the distance.
‘ON YOUR LEFT!’ Loki shouted at the top of his longs as he and Sam passed the unsuspecting runner from behind, causing Steve to nearly jump out of his skin and trip over his own legs, his body now covered in velvet dust as he rolled down the track.
‘Are you… a very well-dressed Bildgesnipe?’ Thor tried.
‘And who might you be, little one?’
He saw the blond sitting completely frozen on the edge of his bed, trembling and waiting for his master to tell him what to do. His milky eyes held no soul, yet now did seem filled with terror.
‘For all that, yes,’ Loki quickly nodded, interrupting Tony.
I hope this chapter will brighten your day if only for a couple of minutes.
The blond gazed at him with a frown, wondering why his master would apologize. He was grateful that he wasn’t ordered to respond, for he had no idea what to say.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Pleasant dreams, Loki.’ The blond smiled affectionately as he placed a gentle kiss on his little brother’s temple. He turned off the lights and made sure to leave the door slightly ajar. ‘If there is anything the matter, all you have to do is walk out of this room. We are surrounded by friends, by family, so there will always be someone close-by to help you.’
