It wasn’t just from the big things, like Dean saving the world over and over again or how he also saved Cas and Sam and his family countless times. It wasn’t just because from the moment Cas saw him, saw his beauty, he was in awe. It was from the meaning behind these actions. The way that Dean cared so much about his family, his friends and people he had never even met, never even knew existed.
“Cas,” he panted, “Please, I just- I need you. Please.”
“Hey could you pass me the milk?” Dean asked.
They stood there, mostly silent while the food cooked, and Dean decided maybe now was a good time to cut up the bananas that they neglected earlier.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas replied.
This time his voice did not falter. It was loud and clear. He shouted at the top of his lungs, praying someone would hear him.
Sam chuckled at that. “Alright. Just make sure you check in later, okay?”
Cas is much more careful with the eggs this time, and when he cracked the next one, he only dropped one piece of the shell into the bowl, which Dean didn’t mind removing. Once they finished cracking all 12 eggs, they both went back over to the sink to wash away all the egg on their hands, before heading back over to the oven.
“Yes.”
Dean knew well enough by now how well that would go. Sam would stare at him, asking questions here and there, wanting to know if Dean was “fine,” and Dean would no doubt lie through his teeth but it wouldn’t matter because they’d both
Castiel looked down at his hands, letting Rowena’s words sink in. She was right. He never thought he deserved Dean, even now he still wasn’t sure that he did. After everything he had done, after the way he just left Dean. Again. He always just left him, sacrificed himself and he knew Dean hated it, he knew that it hurt him, yet he kept doing it over and over again.
Cas was staring very intensely at what Dean was doing, it looked like he should’ve been solving the world’s biggest problems, not figuring out how to crack an egg.
Cas furrowed his brows at that, giving them both a quizzical look. “What do you mean?” He asked, a note of concern laced in his voice.
Off the woman went down the aisle in the same direction as the two children, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the aisle. It was silent for a moment, it was unnerving to Dean. Without thinking about it, he broke the silence.
Dean nodded and opened his mouth to answer, but right then the waitress was walking towards their table, carrying two plates, each topped with a delicious-looking burger and some fries. With a smile and a wink, Dean leaned back enough so that she could put the burgers down, just then noticing that he was leaning halfway across the table to talk to Cas.
“Cas! Just-” Dean started, his voice growing much louder than it should be for the middle of the night. He tried his best to control it and lower his voice again so he wouldn’t wake up Sam. “Just go sit, okay?”
“Personal…?” Dean added in after Cas had spent a moment too long trying to think of the right word.
“I expect you can see yourself out?”
“Oh, you do? I must say… you two make quite a cute couple,” the woman gushed out.
“C- Cas?”
Instantly, Dean gravitated closer to Cas, which of course, did not go unnoticed to the angel.
“John Winchester,” Cas growled out.
Among the groups were who they presumed to be the most recent family that’d been taken, the ones whose belongings they’d come across earlier that day. Along with them, they found two other smaller groups of people,
Tonight was a particularly bad night for Dean. Sam had tried talking to him about what was happening with him, he only wanted to understand why Dean was so affected this time around, he had never been like this after Cas had died before. Sam just wanted to know if there was something that had happened between them before Cas had died. He wasn’t trying to push for details, he just wanted to know if there was a reason why this time seemed to affect him so much more than the others.
Cas tried his best to hide his smirk from Dean, but he wasn’t sure if it was working. He did, after all, know the exact reason why Dean had reacted in this way.
He took a breath and tried to collect his thoughts.
Sam coughed. “Maybe.”
He felt the shift in the bed as Cas moved to the now open space that Dean had left for him.
“We are not going to stop. We will never stop. You may keep us here forever, but we will never stop, we will just keep screaming, just keep waking more of us up and it’ll just keep getting louder and louder. We will not stop until you let us out. That is something that I can promise.”
Cas got the sudden urge to be able to face Dean, with him looking back. Pulling out, Cas then grabbed Dean by the shoulder, pulling him back up so that he was standing and then spun him around.
Dean was interrupted from his thoughts when he felt a brush of Cas’ tongue against his lips. Now that was something he definitely did not expect. His lips seemed to part without consulting his brain though, and soon he was full on making out with the angel.
“Yes, Sam I know-“
Dean’s heart stopped, he couldn’t breathe. It couldn’t be, Dean thought, his angel was dead.
“I left you for what? Five fucking minutes and you do this!? You just what? Let yourself get killed by vamp number 2 over here? Seriously, Dean. are you kidding me?!”
Cas tugged at the other man’s shirt, “Off. Now,” He commanded.
Dean blushed a little, trying to hide it by letting out a small chuckle and turning away from Cas to put the bottles in a bin to be recycled later. There hadn’t been much to clean up so it only took them a few minutes before Dean was ready to head off to his room.
“I-I’m not good for you, Cas,” he breathed out. “I’m not good for any of you. I’ll let you down, I’ll let you all down. It’s just what I do, I let down the people I love. Then they get hurt and it’s my fault.”
“Uhh Cas? You okay?”
“Oh, shut up, will you? It was literally
He really hadn’t thought too much about it when he had packed for the trip. He wasn’t going to bring any of them at first, but then as sort of a last-minute thing, he went back to his drawer and grabbed a pair. He hadn’t worn any of them very much recently, mostly due to the fact that Cas had been in his room with him most days now and he hadn’t wanted him to notice, but now, the angel was gone, he was nowhere in sight so what harm could come from it?
Dean thought back to the sketches again, to the other ones of him. There were one’s where he was awake, where he looked happy. These ones had to be drawn from memory or else Dean would’ve noticed. It was the details that got him with these ones. They were so detailed. It was like Cas had accounted for every last freckle on his face, every laugh line. He got it all. The amount of care and effort he put into these drawings amazed him.
“What’s going on?” He questioned. He didn’t want to push, but if something was wrong then he wanted to know.
He didn’t know what else to do, Dean couldn’t feel anything but loss and pain and longing. Longing for Castiel, his angel. So, he did what he thought he should do, he tried to think about what he would have normally done. He tried to make those around him happy, because if he couldn’t be, then at least the ones he loved could be happy, they could be free. Sam, Jack, Jody, Donna, Garth, and all the rest of them could be happy. They could be alive.
“But it’s peaceful. I enjoy watching you sleep. Plus, there’s nothing else for me to do.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.”
The focus shouldn’t be on Dean and his stupid feelings, although he really was alright now that Cas was back, the focus should be on Castiel. This was the longest he’d ever been dead before coming back, that must take a toll on anyone, whether they’re an angel or not.
He scooped up Miracle in his arms and headed back into the bunker, taking Miracle with him as he searched for Eileen, wanting to talk to her about what to do and if they should tell Dean.
His fingers found their way into Dean’s mouth rather quickly after that, instructing Dean to suck on them before removing them with a
As his eyes continued to adjust to the near-darkness of the room, Cas’ figure became more clear. It also helped that the dim light from outside the motel just so happened to be shining in and hit Cas’ figure almost perfectly.
“Yes, I’m still here. Why?”
“Oh, okay, sorry.” Dean grinned sheepishly.
“I guess we’ll never know now, will we? What with you making decisions like these on your own”
Dean paused, thinking about why John would need to come back, why he’d choose to come back here, especially when he and Mary must’ve been having a hell of an afterlife together in heaven.
“You’re what?” Castiel managed to spit out, shock evident in his voice. “I- I thought you were-”
“I’ll just go sit over there then,” Cas spoke softly, as he was moving to get up. He was completely off the bed when one of Dean’s hands shot out, grabbing the angel's wrist in a tight hold.
Dean’s voice sounded far away, like he was reliving it, like he was stuck inside the memory, so far away from Cas. He needed to bring him back, he didn’t want him reliving that. Cas moved his hand that had still been on Dean’s knee, moved it down so it could grab hold of Dean’s hand. It was tentative at first, but then he held on tight, wrapping Dean’s hand in his own. The touch startled Dean out of his thoughts, his gaze darting down to where their hands were joined. Cas thought he was going to pull away, that maybe he went too far, but then a fond smile came to Dean’s face and he tightened his grip around Cas as well.
“I told you already… I draw the things I love most…”
wants to do that every time she reads what I write so I'm gonna hope it's just Jas who's like that)
“Fuck, no. Stop trying to-to do whatever this is.”
Closer and closer, Castiel walked, until he was on the other side of the bed and able to see Dean’s face. His eyes were closed, he was asleep, but he could also see the tears. He could see them slowly sliding down his face and collecting on his pillowcase, creating a dark, damp spot.
“Cas, everything okay,” Dean said as he took a few steps back towards Cas.
Now that he was alone, he needed to deal with his problem. There was no way he was going to be able to sleep with this thing begging for attention. He wanted to just jump in the shower, but he knew Cas would probably question it if he just decided to just have a shower in the middle of the night so he didn’t bother.
“Don’t say that man, you say it like you’re a bad person or something, but you’re not. You’ve always just cared too much…”
“You know you could say please…” Cas just mumbled looking off at a spot behind Dean’s head.
“D- Dean what-” Then Cas cut himself off, his brain and mouth finally catching up with one another and registering that he can’t just out and ask Dean about what he just thought- no, what he
He decided to keep searching and to look around the rest of the bunker, starting in the war room, and then the kitchen. He had almost all but given up when in walked Dean.
It wasn’t just worry surrounding Dean’s health though as he, Sam and Eileen had discussed on more than one occasion. His worry also focused on another area, on what he’d said to Dean all those months ago, on how Dean had dealt with it, on how he felt about it now. He knew that if they were still so close after all that, that Dean either didn’t really mind or that he had just refused to accept that Cas was being serious.
Dean gave Cas a look, his eyebrow raised as he tried to determine if the answer was complete bullshit or not.
“What were you planning on making? I could assist you if you wish.”
Cas nodded, looking a bit relieved with Dean’s willingness to help.
Sam couldn’t let him go though. Sam prayed, he begged Jack or anyone to come, to save his brother. He couldn’t let him go out like this. The overwhelming emotion that Sam showed hit Rusty, Rusty did something then, he prayed alongside Sam. He couldn’t let Dean go now, not after all this. He prayed to Castiel, hoping that he would hear Rusty, that he would come and save their hunter.
“Sorry, Dean. I do not wish to “give you a heart attack” although I don’t see how doing this would…” Cas furrowed his brow a bit, thinking about what Dean meant.
“You know what, I’m done. Get the hell out of my house.”
Dean doesn’t know what to think anymore. Everything plays over and over again in his head, the good times and the bad times, and fuck were some of them bad. Even the good was wrapped up and twisted with the bad so many times.
okay, I'm sorry for this little rant so here's a nice cute chapter that you all deserve (also sorry about any mistake in here, I rushed through editing to get it up)
“I’m an angel, remember? And those thoughts you’ve been having these past two weeks... well, let’s just say they were not easy to ignore.”
“Thanks,” he said simply, smiling up at the angel.
“I’ll try to remember that. I guess I should alert Sam then?”
“What did you do to her,” Jack demanded to know.
Cas took a step back then, finally noticing something different about Jack. He was radiating power, he could feel it even a few steps away. This was definitely not normal, he was getting a bit concerned. What had happened while he was gone?
Cas looked wearily at him but agreed nonetheless.
“Kinda… yeah, I think so.”
“About half-past nine,” Cas replied after eying the clock on the other side of Dean.
Dean hadn’t specified which of the two back pockets it was, partly because he assumed it would be obvious to Cas which one once he looked but apparently Cas hadn’t bothered with that. Instead, Cas just grabbed Dean by the fucking hips and spun him around because apparently, he couldn’t just walk himself. The unexpected movement of his body was not something Dean was able to process very fast and before he had even fully realized Cas was now behind him, Cas had made yet another move that caused a gasp to rush past Dean’s lips in surprise. That was because immediately after Dean had found himself being manhandled by an angel, Cas had decided to not remove his hands from Dean’s body, instead opting to simply slide them onto either side of Dean’s ass to feel which pocket contained the pocket knife.
Cas just sighed. “Dean, that’s not how it works, standing closer to me won’t repel the bugs from you.”
“Go,” Cas said loudly, whipping his head around to give Sam a glare. He was not in the mood for Sam to fight him on this. Not even a moment later, Sam was walking out of the barn, in the direction the children had run earlier.
“Come on, Cas. It’s a wendigo. It’ll find us way faster than us finding it and then we can kill it. But if you’ve any better ideas up in that head of yours I’m all ears.”
“I was just watching over you. You were asleep, I don’t see what the problem is.”
During Cas’ speech, he had already stepped out of his room, and his slow walk had turned into something more urgent as he went. By the time he made it to the map room, he was sprinting. He took the stairs two at a time and, just like last time, he paused when he reached the door.
He did it without thinking at first, but then he realized, he realized why he had placed it in that spot. It was for Cas. He hadn’t even mentioned anything to Cas about it yet, hadn’t really thought about it, but it felt right. It felt like that’s where the angel should be. Just there, watching over him.
Sam walked further into the war room, his eyes fixed on Castiel, too shocked to have even noticed the intimate moment that he had just interrupted.
“Dean, I’m sorry for messing up, I’m just not very good at this…”
“Hey, Jack, don’t do that. It’ll be okay, we’ll figure something out. We just gotta keep trying.”
he told me something. I was just so shocked and confused and everything had happened so quickly, I didn’t have time to process what he was saying-”
When he had said to Cas earlier to grab whatever he needed before they left, he had expected him to grab his phone and maybe a few other small things, but apparently no, this was not at all what Cas had done because clasped in his hand was a small bag, one that Dean did not recognize. Cas had been avoiding Dean’s eyes the whole time as he got in the car and threw his bag in the back seat. Dean had to take a moment, not sure what the hell that was because when the hell had Cas ever taken a packed bag with him on a trip when he was an angel. Never. That’s when.
. If you thought that I was going to let you go into the woods all by yourself to be live bait, you thought wrong."
“Dean… your father isn’t in heaven because he’s in hell.”
Sam held up both hands innocently as best as he could while he was still holding on to one cup of coffee.
It must’ve alerted Sam because only a few minutes later, into the kitchen he walked, a small smile on his face.
Dean cut him off with a kiss.
Cas' voice was loud enough that the whole diner went silent for a second, and when Dean looked around, all eyes were on them. Out of embarrassment, he quickly sat back down.
Without waiting for a reply from the half-stunned angel, Dean was out of the room to go find Sam before packing a bag.
He opened the bunker door, plan already in his head.
“I don’t want to talk about it Sam!”
“Goodmorning, Dean. Did you sleep well?”
“Oh, uh, yeah.”
His mouth seemed to go dry at the sight, but soon it was gone. Cas pulled Dean off the table, flipping him around so his ass was pressed against Cas now.
“How do you even know its-”
It was all just too good to be true and yet, it was true. It was really happening. Cas was really back and alive. Dean could see him, hear his voice, his laugh. He could touch him, feel the warmth of his skin beneath his hand. He could smell him, that distinct scent that just screamed Cas. It was a mix of pine trees and freshly washed laundry and a hint of something else that Dean could never quite place. All he knew was that it was Cas.
There, laying on top of the map table was Dean and Cas. Butt naked.
, I said no."
“No, it’s okay, just give me a second.”
Sam had managed to kill the last of the clowns on his own as Rusty held Dean up. It was the least he could do. Sam came over to Dean then, a look of relief on his face as the clowns were all dead. He must not have realized what had happened to Dean yet, that he had been nailed by Rusty. The moment he did, horror washed over his face, he didn’t want to let Dean die, he couldn’t, but Dean had given up, he didn’t care anymore, he just wanted Sam to let him go.
“It won’t.”
“Then he uh, he started talking about how he never saw a time where he could be truly happy, because he- the one thing he wanted, he knew he couldn’t have.”
With that, Castiel closed his eyes and the hunter could feel his whole body tingling within seconds. It started at his head and travelled down his whole body, just like some kind of goo running down his skin, but much more pleasant.
Castiel remained silent for a few moments, thinking about his response. He didn’t really want to talk about this, but it was Dean and he knew that he would probably ask him again at a later point in time if he didn’t say anything now or he wouldn’t and would just think he fucked something up.
“Yeah, sure. I’ll bring the chair over. Is that alright?”
“It’s alright.”
He slumped back in his chair and gave a defeated nod before he finished the second burger as well as the remaining bits of fries. When he was done, he got out his wallet and left enough money on the table to cover the food, before he nodded to the door. Cas got up without another word, the trenchcoat still pulled tight around his body, and even though Dean was curious, he didn't ask. At least he managed to get Cas to agree to his plan, or at least he until a better option presented itself, so he definitely didn't want to get into a fight with him after that. As soon as they left the diner, a big yawn escaped the hunter, which he tried to hide behind his hand.
cut me down from here.”
At some point Dean must have dozed off and when he woke up, he felt a warmth on his right side. He slowly opened his eyes, confused as to where he was, and looked around the room. He remembered they had been watching movies in the den, but Sam and Jack were nowhere to be found.
you done that?"
hurt him again. Not if I have anything to say about it.” Cas’ voice was hard and threatening.
“Well, I was trying to cut the pineapple, it proved to be a more difficult task that I had originally anticipated and I guess I forgot about the bacon for a few minutes.”
Dean’s voice sounded rough and slurred slightly, he was probably drinking again.
“Sammy, he… before he uh…
Michael?”
Out of all the many drawings there, Dean loved them all, but there were still a few that he loved more than the others. One, in particular, was of just a place, a field. The grass was tall, looking as if it were at least a foot in the air, and in the grass, scattered about were a bunch of little wildflowers. They were everywhere, but not so much so that they were obnoxious or taking over the drawing. Dean could also see little bees buzzing around the field, going from flower to flower.
"Right, yeah, makes sense. Okay, so a wendigo it is. What are we doing?"
Then he smelt something burning.
Cas felt the loss of Dean’s warm hand, but he didn’t have time to dwell on it, not with what Dean was telling him. What exactly
Dean doesn’t know what to say at first. He chuckles awkwardly, “uhh Sam must’ve put it there as a joke. There’s this sort of tradition… for humans with it…”
“What are you talking about?”
His brain seemed to shut down then, he wasn’t sure if he could form words.
“Cas, fuck. You gotta- you gotta stop or I’m not going to last much longer.”
“Yes, I do. I know things you may not, saw things you couldn’t see, like the way he looked at you when he knew you weren’t looking, the absolute life-altering fear he felt when he thought you were going to die in that barn, how he wouldn’t even consider leaving you there to die alone, even if there was no chance of saving you. You may not see it or even believe it, but I’m telling you right now, if you don’t figure this out when you go back to Earth, I will personally come down there and kick both your asses.”
There it was, Dean was proved wrong, yet again. He was absolutely beaming at Cas now, feeling the love and joy flood his body, his entire soul.
Cas narrowed his eyes, and Dean had a feeling that his idea would make the other angry, but it was the only thing he could think of at the moment.
“Of course I enjoyed it, I enjoy things when they bring you happiness,” Cas had simply said.
“Ye- Yeah, slept great.” He stumbled out, feeling a bit embarrassed. His eyes shot to Sam’s bed then, seeing it empty and made.
“Alright. You’ll have to move over a bit then.”
Anyways, enjoy!
“Hey, Cas? Is everything alri-”
Cas only nodded very quickly and before Dean could say another word, Cas was brushing past him and heading to the kitchen.
“Oh, I see your confusion. Yes, she was a woman. I guess I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about since you clearly enjoyed having sex so much.”
Dean would pick at a meal that Sam had brought him, he hardly ate anything anymore and Sam stopped pestering him about it. He knows Sam knows that there’s more to the story, that there are things that Dean isn’t telling him. Sam’s not stupid, and Dean also knows that Sam is worried.
“I think you know what it was, Dean. And it’s okay if- if you don’t feel the same. I just- I needed you to understand. I need you to know that no matter what, no matter what happens, I’ll always be here.”
“No, sir, nothing is wrong. We were just hoping to ask Mr. Lawrence a few questions. Is he home?”
A whisper. That’s all he heard. Just a constant stream of whispers. They were calling to him, calling his name.
He looked down at Dean, who he noticed had been watching him the whole time as he lay there.
“I uh, I can’t sleep.”
“I was thinking of going to visit Mary for a bit, there was something I wanted to speak with her about.”
Cas was now only about two feet away from him. This was the closest he’d been to him in a few days now, it made him nervous.
Not long after, Dean’s hands made their way to Castiel’s face, pulling the angel back up so that he could kiss him once more, somehow finding those lips addictive as hell. During the kiss, Cas took the opportunity to gently push Dean back against the table.
“What? Did you two never get the chance to finally tell each other how you feel?” Rowena questioned, a smile on her face.
Dean looked at Cas again, pulling the phone away from his ear and reaching it out towards Cas for him to take. Offering him a reassuring smile, Dean let go of the phone once Cas had it in his grasp.
Sam could see that he was in pain, but he didn’t know how to help or how to make Dean better, so he did little things, hoping that they might make Dean’s life even just a little bit easier or a bit less lonely.
After a few seconds, Cas still hadn’t moved.
Dean took a few steps away from Cas then, focusing on where they were supposed to be headed. Of course, another bug decided to bite him just then, so Dean swatted it away, furrowing his brows as he did so.
“‘s alright, wasn’t sleeping,” Dean replied hoarsely, turning to the other side to switch on the lamp residing on his bedside table.
to watch a movie or Jeopardy with him, or join him in the kitchen in the mornings while Dean was silently sipping on his cup of coffee. He just wasn’t following him around like a lost puppy all the time and it all just felt different. It wasn’t the same as before the hunting trip. Dean knew why he was feeling weird and acting different, but he didn’t understand why Cas was too.
“I was thinking maybe we should do a bit more research… see what else we can find out about the most recent missing groups and hopefully the older cases as well. We should be sure of what we’re hunting before we go out into the woods.”
Then off he went, as quick as he came, brushing past Dean and Cas on his way.
Dean felt a smile creep onto his face at her words, knowing she really did mean it and maybe also feeling a little guilty that him isolating himself from the world, also meant isolating himself from her.
“Your wings, Cas. Let’s call it one last gift, to you and all the others. You all deserve to be free as well, to be able to fly, the way you were meant to.” Jack was beaming at Cas as he spoke.
Dean let go of Cas’ wrist, scooting over even more to the left side of the bed, making room for Cas to sit down fully on the bed now.
Jack cut him off before he could get the words out.
John just chuckled darkly at that. “You really think that was by accident? I knew what you were back then… I saw it in the way you acted, in the way you looked at other boys… I thought sticking you on that case when you were older would help straighten you out… but I guess not.”
“Oh… yeah, we could do that.”
At this point, the only reason he was now looking for a case, was because Cas came back and somehow magically fixed everything-at least that’s what Dean was telling himself- and if he said it enough he hoped he’d start to actually believe it. It was stupid, the more rational side of his brain sometimes told him, but he didn’t listen. That’s just what he tended to do, ignore the problem until it went away.
“Four cracked ribs, a concussion, 20 stitches on my face and then 34 around my body. I was bloodied and bruised. Doctor’s thought I got hit by a car when I walked in.”
Once again, Dean starts to drink. It seems like this was becoming a regular occurrence. This is how most nights seemed to go now.
“That didn’t sound too complicated.”
It might not have made sense to anyone else but it made sense to him and he knows that it made sense to Cas too.
His legs were becoming weak as he was getting closer so he slowly slid his back down the wall all the way to the floor until he was sitting on the cold tiles. He spread his legs out a bit, with his knees still bent slightly as the bathroom wasn’t large enough for them to be stretched out all the way.
“Cas, I really don’t think there is, especially to a half-asleep Dean.”
While Cas was flipping the bacon, Dean grabbed the other pan, which he proceeded to grease. He then placed it on an element, which he turned on to low heat.
He tried to catch Cas’ eye again, wanting him to look at him. This time it was his turn to place a hand on him, his chin this time, just a finger though. He tilted Cas’ head back up, looking into those blue eyes.
it. Cas could feel everything that Dean was feeling in that moment, but he wasn’t completely sure why or how this was even happening. All he could feel was intense pleasure surging throughout his body, he could feel Dean, could hear him inside his head, moaning his name.
Dean picked up within a few rings and thankfully, he hadn’t woken him. He had actually just interrupted his breakfast, which wasn’t really the worst thing.
The room was filled with the sounds of gasps and moans from the two of them, as Cas’ movements became faster and more erratic. Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s cock then, trying his best to keep some focus on him, but it was hard, he was so close, and judging by the sounds Dean was making, so was he.
After a series of hugs and goodbye’s, Dean and Cas packed their bags into the impala and off they went.
Cas brought a hand to Dean’s chest, holding it over the wound. He closed his eyes as he concentrated, his hand glowing as the wound closed up on itself, the flesh binding together.
Dean passed him the whisk, and Cas just looked at him with a puzzled look on his face, as he grabbed the whisk out of Dean’s hand.
“Yes, of course, I do.’
Dean and Cas came into view then, as Sam helped Jack up off the floor, as he had knocked him right over in his panic.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel said, standing up from where he was sitting. “I’m going.”
When he came across Cas a few minutes later, he more so heard Cas than saw him at first. Confusion hit him first, because why the hell was he gasping so loudly, and then, his heart stopped, but his feet did not. He followed that sound, needing to know the reason for it more than anything at that moment. He followed it all the way to the guest bedroom, the bedroom that Cas tended to use when he was around. The sound only got louder as he got closer to the door, and soon he realized that the reason for it being so loud was because the door wasn’t even closed all the way. Cas was in such a hurry to get away earlier, that he hadn’t even noticed he hadn’t closed the door all the way.
Dean pulled his head away from Cas’ cheek, looking Cas in the eyes now, a smile on his face.
Slowly, he lowered himself down, not breaking eye contact. It was a struggle, for both of them. The waves of pleasure they felt, it was almost unbearable. Dean knew he wasn’t going to last long, feeling the tight heat of Cas surrounding him was too much, especially when Cas started to move.
Cas was beginning to maybe think he should have waited to give this to Dean until later. That was the original plan. To give it to Dean before he went to sleep, then he could listen to it by himself another time. Then Cas wouldn’t have to sit here with him, just waiting for him to say something. Waiting while he opened his heart up to the other man.
It had become a bit easier not having the angel breathing down his neck while he was still trying to figure out what the hell his brain was doing with all these dreams and new thoughts about his friend, but it was still hard. He wasn’t sure why this was all happening or what it meant. And even if it did mean something for him, that didn’t mean it would mean anything for Cas, he was an angel and there didn’t seem to be any desire on his part for anything more with anyone, let alone Dean. This whole train of thought seemed hopeless, yet he couldn’t stop his thoughts from wandering out of control and to some not so innocent things.
“You do know, scratching them only makes them itch even more and for a longer period of time?” Cas asked after watching Dean scratch at yet another bug bite on the back of his neck.
“What, Cas? What
“Thanks.”
“Oh no, I’m mad. At least a little bit mad because that plan you had, it could have gone wrong in so many different ways, at so many times. Even now, something could go wrong that we haven’t even thought about. You went to Chuck for help, of all people. But- But being angry, it’s not something that will help. Everything has already happened, it’s done. We can only hope that things turn out alright in the long run.”
Instead, his eyes were met with the sight of Castiel standing at the bottom of the stairs, his eyes intently focused on Dean. But, not on his face, no. They were focused much lower than that.
"Uh- yes, I'm alright. So?"
“Uh, maybe a few times… why?”
It was Cas. The angel just couldn’t handle having Dean out of sight for a few seconds and it was becoming too much. Sure, he played it off like a joke before, even though he knew there may have been some reason for Cas’ worry, but that didn’t mean he was
Cas could feel the tears welling in his eyes a little. Every time he heard this song he thought of Dean. Only of Dean. Of the times when he lost him. Of when Dean walked away or was taken from him or the night in that barn. The night where Dean first laid eyes on him, the night where Cas’ could feel him looking back, the first night where he could actually talk to him, where he could hear Dean speak back. The night it all started.
Dean didn’t know how to move on from this loss. He just wanted to hold on to Cas, any small bit of Cas that he could, so he did it again.
“The back one.”
By this point, tears are streaming down Dean’s face, but he doesn’t care anymore, he just needs to get this out.
Cas was certainly panicking now, worried about the safety of them both and of the Winchesters. Nothing good ever happened when he was around.
“Okay, well good. Just don’t bother them too much. If we’re lucky maybe they’ll sort their shit out while they’re alone and stop dancing around each other,” She said with a smirk.
The drive itself was quiet, extremely quiet. The only sound in the car was the low rumble of the engine, the soft hum of ACDC coming through the speakers, and the little clicks the car made when he used his turn signal. No one had spoken though. Not since before they got in the car and it was unsettling to Dean.  He just wanted to talk, to say something to break the silence that had settled over them but he wasn’t sure how, or what to say. He’s not dumb, he knew
“Yeah, you’re not wrong, but that’s also not the full story. Lot of details left out...”
Before Dean could respond, Cas was pushing his back down so his chest was pressed against the table. Then he felt one of Cas’ hands trail their way down Dean’s back and he ground his hips against Dean’s ass once, causing him to shudder as his dick brushed up against his rim.
Then, before he could fully process it, he was coming undone, his knees going weak as he did all he could to keep himself upright, his left hand shooting out quite clumsily to grab tightly onto the sink to keep himself from collapsing, the other hand still preoccupied with other matters. He tried his best to remain silent, to keep himself under control, but it was difficult, extremely difficult and he failed spectacularly. The whimpering gasps shooting past his lips with no regard or consideration that the only thing separating him from Dean was the door which was not very thick at all.
That song, that was the first song Dean had put on the mixtape he gave to Cas.
Cas sighed heavily. “Dean… are you really going to ask about all of my past relations?”
“Embarrassed?”
He pulled back slightly again, “Dean, do you have..?”
to find them Cas, I swear, I just, I noticed there was a bit of a lump one day on your bed and it was annoying so I just checked to see why and then I just- I found them. I’m sorry that I took them, I just- I didn’t know that you’d- you were
Thanks for reading and thank you so much for all the kudos and comments! See you next weekend!
“The problem is that it’s weird, man. You’re just standing there staring at me, for who knows how long!”
Both of them were bare-chested now and breathing heavily as they took a moment to breathe, but only a moment because soon Cas was back, pushing into Dean.
Cas just raised a brow. “Are you sure about that?”
“Hey, there sleepyheads,” Dean hollered out, glancing briefly in their direction to offer them both a smile.
More silence. He stood there in silence for a few minutes, looking down at the dog who was looking up curiously at him.
He chanced a look down at Cas then as the angel stood there, watching for his reaction and then Dean noticed something. Cas was fucking hard.
He thought about those lips around him, the image of those eyes looking into his as those perfect pink lips were wrapped around his cock, his head bobbing back and forth. How he looked down and watched as the angel took him apart completely with only his mouth, how he watched as his tongue flicked out and ran against his slit. It had all felt so good, he couldn’t take his eyes off of Cas, he tried so hard just to keep them open, not wanting to miss a moment, finding pleasure in watching him, in
“How you feel about him… even if I hadn't noticed it before all of this, it would have been pretty obvious with the way you’ve been acting since he… left.”
Dean sat up abruptly then.
At some point, one that Cas didn’t fully realize, he had unzipped his-Dean’s-pants which were now hanging loosely on his hips, just threatening to fall at any moment, with his hand now palming himself through his underwear. The line between fantasy and reality had become blurred, but at that moment he couldn’t even care.
This made him a little uneasy. Why? He wasn’t quite sure, he just felt that something was off.
Cas looked absolutely wrecked and Dean had contributed to that. He had helped make the angel look like that, helped him feel this much pleasure.
Dean could feel Cas smile against his neck.
“And you came back because of him?”
Cas nodded and grabbed an egg as well, giving it two light taps on the counter, just as Dean had done. It didn’t crack as much as Dean’s egg.
His voice got even lower, something that Dean didn’t even think was possible.
“Cas, that’s crazy, I was fine, I swear,” Dean tried his best to be convincing, to not show it on his face, or in his voice how totally not true that was. “You shouldn’t have worried…”
“G’night, Cas,” Dean mumbled out.
Dean’s face had heated up significantly in these past few moments, he could feel it, which only made it worse. Why the hell did he have to just talk so much, why did he have to say
close. Why was he so close? Gosh, his lips were so close, just an inch away. If he just moved just a bit closer-
“Yeah, I guess maybe a little,” Sam paused, looking properly at the puzzled-looking angel a few meters away. “I mean I think we probably all are. After everything that happened, a lot of which I still don’t really understand, but that’s fine for now, I think we all just want to make sure that if something was wrong, that you’d talk to us. At least one of us. If you want to.”
Staring blankly back at the angel, Dean processed what he had just said. When he did, he just shook his head, a small smile appearing on his face.
“Okay, just give me a few minutes, then I’ll be right back.”
“Things were different back then, Cas. I was different. There were things I felt, things I shouldn’t have been feeling and I think dad knew. He knew everything… he didn’t have to say anything to me, not directly, but the things he did, I knew how he felt about it, even if he might not have known for sure. I disgusted him. I was damaged to him.”
When it dawned on Dean what Cas was saying, what he had never even let himself hope for, it was too late. He didn’t think Cas would say it, say those three words. He didn’t completely think that he would say those words, thought that maybe he’d leave it up to Dean to interpret so as not to scare him. But anyone could see that that’s how he felt after a speech like that. Speeches like that aren’t meant for platonic brotherly love, they’re meant for the love of your life, a soulmate. The one who you’ve seen every part of, the good and the bad, and you still love them, you love them even more because of all of that. That’s what Cas was telling him. Those three words, they weren’t needed to get the point across, but they were needed for Dean to hear, they were needed for Cas to feel free. They were needed because Dean would never hear them from that angel again.
I think, or at least I'm REALLY gonna try or I'm gonna make Jas kick my ass to update every two weeks from now on. This may or may not happen because the two of us are starting a new very long fic project soon which I hope actually turns out well, but either way, I think I can manage them both since I usually juggle writing like 4 fics at once, I'll just have to put one or two of them on hold for now so this one doesn't suffer.
“Dean, I-”
Before Dean had time to consider what this little voice was saying, Cas had cleared his throat.
Dean took a sharp intake of breath at the sight, here was an angel at the foot of his bed, stroking himself, getting ready to fuck him. Dean’s brain didn’t know how to process this information, just in the span of a day, they had made out twice, and now Cas was going to be inside of him. Yesterday, if someone told him this, he would’ve called them crazy, yet here he was, laying naked in his bed, waiting for his angel.
After whatever they actually decided on, Dean would start getting tired. He’d try to hide his yawns from Cas, but Cas always noticed, telling Dean he should get some sleep. Dean, of course, would usually insist that he wasn’t tired, or not super tired just yet and he’d convince Cas to just let him stay up for a bit longer.
Dean felt a little awkward at first, when his lips first met Cas’. He was just going to make it short and sweet, but then one of Cas’ hands found its way to Dean’s waist, resting there lightly. Dean couldn’t bring himself to pull away just yet, Cas was so warm, it felt right being like this with Cas.
At that moment his brain decided to sabotage him, reminding him that Dean had actually worn these, that he’d worn them while Cas was in the same room as him and then his imagination took over. He was so fucking screwed.
He leaned his head down, until his face was only an inch away from Cas cock. Then he stuck out his tongue and gingerly licked a strip along the underside of it. Cas let out another breathy moan as Dean continued licking his way along Cas.
“Dean, I- I’m sorry- I didn’t mean t- I shouldn’t have-” Abruptly, Cas stopped speaking, looking completely frozen in place. A look of panic washed over his face then, as he grabbed at the sides of his trenchcoat, quickly pulling it together and turning away from Dean.
useful and that’s when he saw it. Saw
“Why don’t I stay up with you for a bit then, we could put a movie on?”
“Can I ask a question?” Dean asked, breaking the silence, before adding quickly, “Not about the gay thing.”
When Cas first listened to the tape Dean made for him, he didn’t expect to hear that song. He didn’t think Dean would have remembered that time in the impala, or that he might even treasure this memory in the way Cas had.
Rusty’s cousin told Rusty about what Dean and the angel, Castiel, had said, how Castiel had gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition. This angel saved Dean. He was forever grateful, but they were bonded now, Rusty knew it and he couldn’t get enough. Their bond was like lightning. It struck quickly and without warning. Nobody could have been certain that this bond that formed would have ever happened between the two of them, not until it was too late. This bond was so strong that Rusty could feel it.
“It’s okay, you don’t need to apologize for that, it’s not your fault and it wasn’t your job to do that.”
This continued for a few minutes, Castiel testing just how long Dean would let this continue and apparently he found his answer when suddenly, a hand shot down, wrapping itself around the tie that was still clinging loosely to Castiel’s neck. With a sharp tug, Dean had pulled Castiel back up to his face.
Sam knelt down to the dog then, petting him gently on the head.
“No, I know. I just wanted to see how the case was going, make sure they didn’t need anything. And okay maybe I am a little worried and I know I shouldn’t be but I can’t help how I feel. I just needed to hear from him that things were okay.’
But this picture, Dean remembered his moment fondly. He had made Cas wear that hat because Dean loved cowboys...maybe loved them a little too much. Cas seemed very unimpressed about Dean dressing him up like that, he was maybe even a bit embarrassed when he first saw himself in the hat, but then he saw the smile Dean had on his face in that moment, and maybe that smile was enough to make him okay with it. Maybe even made him enjoy wearing the hat a little bit. In the photo, Cas had a bit of an annoyed face on him, but Dean could see the hints of a smile forming. Just as Dean took the photo, he remembers Cas trying to swat away his phone and Dean burst out laughing, managing to get the picture in time. This was a good memory, hell it was a good day! They got Cas back and Dean couldn’t imagine ever letting him go again.
Without warning, Dean pulled him into the tightest hug, not seeming to care if Castiel could breathe or not. He gripped him tight, his chin resting on the angel’s shoulder. It took Cas a moment to register what was happening and then when he finally did, he wrapped his arms around Dean as well. One hand found its way to the back of Dean’s neck, stroking it gently, trying to calm him as he felt a sob escape his body.
“Dean,” Cas moaned out.
“Ya uhh…when uh two people are- when they are under th- the mistletoe at the same time…they’re supposed to uh kiss…”
“What, Dean? Would I just what?” Cas teased.
He decided to walk towards his voice, saving them both some time.
"Dean, I didn't save your- your
This was quite possibly the strangest thing that Dean had heard since Cas had been back and he was suddenly starting to understand why Cas had chosen
Cas’ head was spinning now.
“What do you mean?” Cas tilted his head, an eyebrow raising as he did so. He didn’t want to push Dean, but he was curious, what more could there be to it? Was this why Dean seemed upset?
you gonna do, huh?” he asked with a shit-eating grin on his face, just about daring Cas to do something.
“Stop worrying, it’ll be fine. It’s not like I haven’t dealt with a wendigo before.”
Once the warm glow faded, Cas’ hand stayed in place for just a moment longer, his touch lingering on Dean’s skin before it was gone. Cas stood up then, offering out a hand for Dean to take which he gladly did as he was pulled up from his seat on the dirt.
“H- hey, Cas,” Dean stuttered out, suddenly wishing he’d just pretended to be asleep, but it was too late for that now. That ship had sailed the moment he’d opened his mouth.
“My money’s on Cas. There’s no way, after all he’s gone through to get back here that he won’t try something.”
Dean was getting a bit impatient, “Just fucking move Cas, please. I can’t-”
Castiel flinched visibly at Dean’s response, leaning away from the man and instead shifted his gaze down to the table and the food in front of him.
Cas couldn’t feel anything else, he couldn’t think about anything else, just Dean. All he could think about was this absolute agony from Dean and that he needed to make it stop, he needed to help him. Now.
Cas looked up at Dean again, “Are you sure?”
Dean couldn’t cope. He needed his angel back, needed a piece of him to hold onto, to remember him by. He was terrified that he would forget him, not altogether, just pieces, like the sound of his voice, the fondness in his eyes when he was with Jack, the cute little head tilts, and the way that he hugged Dean so tight and made him feel whole again, even if just for a few moments.
Dean almost chuckled at that last part, although he wasn’t sure why.
“Cas…?” Dean asked, sounding dazed.
“That’s when the idea started to form. I thought about it from time to time back then, never really trying it though, there was so much that was new to me already that I couldn’t try another thing. Everything was so exhausting to me still.”
“Yes Dean I think I- I think I’ve got it.”
“Of course. I guess I should let you get back to… what was it that you were doing in here anyway?” Sam asked quizzically.
They kept telling him to go wait in his room, but he didn’t want to just sit in his room all alone, so ultimately, Cas had offered to stay with him until everything was ready. He had already done so much earlier in preparation of today so everyone agreed that it would be for the best.
He shut his eyes quickly, pretending to be asleep. A few moments passed of silence and then he heard a few footsteps coming closer and then felt the right side of his bed sink down a little.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean called out, walking quickly down the few steps and into the room.
He knew it wasn’t his own pain, he was able to tell the difference more easily now. It consumed his whole being, that one sharp pain before it faded out to a dull sort of throbbing. Knowing in an instant where it was coming from, he closed his eyes, trying his best to focus on it, on the source of it in hopes of finding Dean.
Once the footsteps stopped, Dean just huffed and turned over in the bed so he was now facing Cas. His eyes were now fully open, allowing him to look at the angel that was still standing above him.
“No, I’m Roger. Why are you looking for David?”
“Cas. He came back. He’s alive.”
Dean let out a heavy sigh, dropping his head back against his bed frame, tilting it away from Cas. He ran a hand over it, before leaning down and resting his face into his hands, his arms kept up by the support of his bent legs. He stayed like that for a bit, breathing deeply. Cas was beginning to think that that was the end of their conversation when he heard a whisper.
Dean was bored, and honestly, he still had quite a few questions about the circumstances surrounding Cas’s return from the Empty. He had held off on asking too many for now, even that first night, he and Sam tried to hold off a little so they didn’t overwhelm Cas. Plus, they were still processing themselves and after that night, the more Dean thought about it, the more questions he came up with.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean also had this interesting obsession with anything to do with the old west, specifically old western movies, the ones with cowboys.
“You haven’t gotten the chance or are you too nervous about what it might say…?” Sam asks slowly. His voice was steady, but not accusing of Cas. He was being genuine when he said that.
“So, you’re done now, right?”
I just had to slip a little bit of dad Sam in there, I love the dad moments that we get with Jack from all of them, so this’ll have to satisfy me for now.
It didn’t take long for Dean to actually finish eating and then almost immediately pass out. He was exhausted, after all, it had been a long day. Cas couldn’t wait soon enough for him to fall asleep though, for him to no longer be at risk of Dean noticing the way his body decided to fuck with him. He prayed that he didn’t.
“Let’s go check on the bacon before we finish the eggs, yeah?”
David nodded his head at Castiel’s words, taking a moment to prepare himself for reliving the worst night of his life.
Sam pulled back from the hug, his eyes still wide in disbelief as he looked at Castiel.
“Dean?” Castiel called out into the darkness, but there was no reply.
Sam seemed to be giving him one of his classic bitch faces, staring Dean dead in the eyes.
“Because. Where would we even put it? And we already have a pet, one I might add, that may or may not even like other animals, especially, small furry ones.”
“Giddy up, cowboy,” he says in the deepest voice.
The second Castiel was alone, however, he pulled out his phone, thankful to see that it was right where he had left it. He unlocked the screen, gazing down at it, wanting to call Dean. He just wanted to hear his voice, to make sure that he was okay, but then he felt a presence appear behind him.
, you could do that all the time? Dude, how many times
"A wendigo? Are you kidding me? I haven't seen one of those in forever."
Slowly, Castiel sat up and slid off the table, Dean not far behind. Cas just stood there though, as if not knowing what to do next, but luckily Dean did. Dean bent down then, grabbing his previously discarded shirt from the floor a few feet away and used it to wipe himself semi-clean, then handed it to Castiel to do the same.
Dean internally debates with himself over this, never coming to a conclusion. Would that end have been better, both of them dead? Or is it better to know that Cas got to say those words before he died, that he got to have this weight lifted from his shoulders, even if it meant that Dean had to live on with this guilt, with this despair.
Cas sat down on the edge of Dean’s bed then, his body turned so he could face Dean.
“Hello, Mary.”
“Fine,” Sam said firmly, reaching out a hand for her to shake. “Deal.”
It didn’t take him long to find Chuck, it was relatively easy, especially considering he hadn’t even tried to ward himself, but even if he had, Jack was now God. it wouldn’t have made much of a difference.
“I guess upon further consideration this now explains your obsession with a certain fictional TV character,” he finally spoke, a hint of humour evident in his voice.
“You were laying in my bed?” He questioned suddenly, cutting Dean off.
Cas looked out the window, watching the trees blur by as they drove, thinking about what to say.
“Yes, I guess not.”
Dean let out a dry chuckle. Cas could see how pained he was.
Sam didn’t say what really happened, they both knew that Dean wasn’t ready to hear it yet and Sam didn’t want to push him any further than he already had.
Jack snapped his fingers, and Cas felt this surge of energy course throughout his being, and then he felt whole again. He felt complete.
Before long, Dean felt Cas press his tip up against him.
Dean glances at Cas, a proud smile on his face, before turning to Jack, “So, kid, what’ll it be? Sam’s boring eggs or something delicious?” Dean smirks looking at Sam, thinking that he’d won.
Dean was faster than him though, as he had also gotten off his chair to help pick up the things Castiel had dropped, feeling a little bad for startling the angel. It also may have helped that the sketchbook had landed much closer to Dean than Castiel, allowing him to easily reach for it, not having to move too far.
“D-Dean…ah fuck-k.”
All of the time he had spent with Dean, all of the memories he had of him, they were the best memories he had.
Dean didn’t answer. He kept his eyes closed. Then he heard a quiet sigh come from the angel.
Sam sighed, looking down. He knew Cas was right. If Dean didn’t want to talk about something, then he wouldn’t. They couldn’t force him to. They really just had to be there for Dean, to show him that they were there.
“How have you been? I know it's been a while...” Cas trailed off.
"Dude, you okay?"
“It’s almost not fair just how beautiful you look like this,” he hummed, his eyes wandering along Dean’s body, noticing the slight flush that had arisen and the way Dean looked so completely shocked by his words.
“Okay.” Cas agreed.
He was met with silence again.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, glancing over at Dean for a moment. “It was personal, it was mine. Sharing it would’ve been like sharing a piece of myself with the world, one that I wasn’t ready to share. Even when I was with you or Sam, I’d wait till I was alone or until you were asleep to pull it out.”
“So were you ever going to tell me that you got your wings back?”
Mary, Cas and Bobby went to find John after they had finished their talk, wanting to deal with him sooner rather than later. It didn’t take long to find him, he hadn’t gone very far, probably because he didn’t really have anywhere else to go.
"Okay, so, any better plans? Because so far, I can't think of anything else."
They came to an agreement, binding it with a spell so neither would be able to go back on their word. Sure, Jack probably could have broken it without penalty because of his power, but he didn’t really want to risk it and try, he also didn’t see any reason why he should go back on his word.
Dean tried brushing it off. Cas didn’t want to drop it though. He could tell something was wrong, he just didn’t know what it was.
Suddenly, Dean felt Cas line their dicks up with each other lightly. Dean tried to buck up for more pressure, more friction, but that’s when Cas pulled away again.
They didn’t question it, or at least not very much of it, not until he was done. They just listened to what Cas had to say and glad that he was even here to say anything at all. Still, none of the questions were about John, both Sam and Dean avoided asking about him, at least for tonight.
Even despite this, Dean hadn’t actually
Feeling the emotions swell within himself, he slowly climbed onto the table, just hovering above Dean before placing a sweet, gentle kiss to his lips. It was slower than before, less sloppy and more loving. It didn’t last long though, as soon enough, both were becoming impatient, Dean maybe more so as he once again grabbed Cas’ tie to pull his body flush against his own, resulting in a moan from the angel this time around. His own hard cock brushing against the soft satiny material of the panties as well as the rougher, but not too rough, texture of the lace. And beneath all of that, Cas could feel Dean, he could feel the dampness soaking through those fucking beautiful panties and he could feel as Dean rolled his hips up towards Cas’ own, their hard members rubbing together in the best fucking way possible.
The next morning was awkward, to say the least, the events from the night before still fresh in both of their minds. Dean tried his best to avoid eye contact with Cas from the moment he woke up, which, was a little difficult since he had felt the weight of the other’s gaze since consciousness took over. Once he was awake enough to move, he muttered a quick “G’morning” to Cas before going over to his bag to grab what he needed and then headed straight to the bathroom.
Until next time, have a great 2 weeks and I'll see you all in March!! Thanks for reading!!
“Okay, come on. I’m starving. Feels like I haven’t eaten in days,” Dean muttered out, finally turning back around, heading towards the kitchen, with both Cas and Miracle trailing not far behind.
Okay, yeah, he was definitely glad that Sam was nowhere fucking near them right now. Then, Cas stepped closer to Dean. He could feel his breath on his face in the chilly spring air. “Our bond, Dean,” Cas continued softly, his hand reaching out to just barely brush at the side of Dean’s cheek, causing a shiver to run through Dean’s spine almost instantly. “It reaches throughout time and space. It’s not-”
Then Cas was taking a few quick steps toward him, till Dean was stuck between Cas and the map table. He was so close,
“Why not?”
Dean melted into the kiss. When Cas pulled away, he put his mouth against Dean’s ear again.
that would have made Cas proud, would have made Cas happy, would have honoured the sacrifice that he made.
and he was gone. It was like he was never even there, Dean could hardly believe what he had seen. He wasn’t sure if that really happened, but he did the only thing that felt natural, for the first time in months, for the first time since Purgatory, he closed his eyes and prayed. He prayed to his angel, with some hope that he could hear him.
Eventually, Cas continued. “Even after I got my grace back I continued, it was basically a habit by then. I never did it when anyone was around though, and I always made sure to keep the book hidden. I don’t know why… but it was just…”
“Stop being so ungrateful. I made you who you are. At least the only part of you that’s actually good at something. You probably would’ve been killed by some monster long ago if it wasn’t for me.”
Chuck just shook his head but didn’t say anything.
He didn’t want to push Cas though, he knew that there wasn’t really anywhere else for Cas to go right now. There also wasn’t anywhere he needed to be so he didn’t want to push him away this one time that he was actually able to just do as he wanted.
Cas was still avoiding eye contact with Dean, so Dean gently placed a hand on his shoulder, trying to get Cas to look at him again.
“Oh? What about him?”
“You have to promise not to be mad, alright? Just let me explain first. Let me explain it all.”
“Hello, Claire.”
“Yes, it’s really me, Jack.”
Finally he brought his lips to the tip, and slowly sunk down on Cas’ dick. He fit as much as he could inside his mouth, and kept his hand wrapped around whatever he couldn’t fit. Dean started to bob his head, up and down, relishing all the noise that seemed to be flooding out of Cas’ mouth.
Castiel was about to leave, to go find a car he could use when a sudden gust of wind picked up, blowing past him. It was warm, and he smiled, knowing then that Jack would always be with him, no matter where he went.
“Cas…” Dean spoke lowly. “Was that… What was that?”
He went outside the bunker, wanting some privacy, he didn’t want to be overheard. It was a cool night, there was a slight breeze blowing through the air, brushing a few strands of hair into his eyes. He brushed them away as he walked a bit away from the bunker, into the trees. He paused when he reached a tall oak tree, sitting on the ground beneath it, with his back supported by the trunk. He closed his eyes, taking a few deep breaths and tried to collect his thoughts before he began.
Dean pulled Cas closer to him, holding him right up against him with his arms around the angel. He was quiet for a moment before he started to hum a little tune. One Cas couldn’t quite place at first. He was about to ask Dean what it was when Dean started singing softly, right next to Cas’ ear.
It had in all honestly taken Dean about a minute to actually decide to and carry out the plan of following Cas, so technically, instead of following, Dean was having to search for Castiel first since he’d been so slow. But, as it turned out, Cas wasn’t really all that hard to find. Maybe it was because he hadn’t thought Dean would be following him, or maybe Dean was just that good at finding people. Dean chose to believe it was the latter.
That didn’t mean… did it…? No. Cas was family, they all were. I mean he didn’t only draw him, he drew Sam and Jack and Claire too. They were Cas’s family, of course, that’s what he meant by that.
Sam looked back, giving him bitch face number 32. “Dean,” he tried to reason.
“What? No- yeah… everything's fine. It's great!” he stumbled out.
There were other drawings too, other images, places, people. There were some of Sam and Jack, and some with all three of them, but Cas was never in them. Even if Dean was sure he could pinpoint the memory, he could place Cas somewhere in that moment, Cas was never there. It was always seemingly drawn from an outside point of view, as if Cas was just sitting there, watching it all unfold as if he was never there. Like a stranger looking in.
Rubbing a hand across his face, Sam pointedly decided that ignoring Dean was the next best course of action as his focus returned to the screen on his laptop. That left a few moments of silence in the library, the air feeling thick as Cas’s mind decided to wander back to a certain red undergarment that was now only about two feet away from him.
a little voice seemed to tell him inside his head.
“Umm, I’m not sure. Maybe around half an hour or so… maybe a little longer now since it’s just the two of them. Sam’ll come get us when they’re done.”
“Me too,” Dean admitted weakly, his voice coming out a bit breathless and shaky. “Although I don’t think any part of all that isn’t confusing…”
“Okay, you’re right, maybe Dean hasn’t been very forthcoming about how things were, but I’m not stupid. I notice things.
“Yeah, okay. Maybe later we could head to the police station as well, I mean if we can’t find what we need.”
As Dean looked to his right, he noticed what his head had been resting on. Dean froze. It was Cas. Dean’s eyes widened when he realized what had happened. He had fallen asleep, and at some point ended up on Cas. He was practically laying on Cas. It was then that he looked up at Cas’ face, noticing his eyes on him.
“Sorry, I know you didn’t sleep much.”
“So how come they’re not biting you? What, do they not like angel blood or something?” Dean asked half-joking.
He was back. It wasn’t a dream. This was happening. He was really here and- oh. Dean was holding his hand. He was holding it tightly and he still hadn’t let go.
Mary slammed the door in John’s face, not wanting to hear another word out of him. She stormed back over to where Cas and Bobby were standing, Cas’ eyes wide in shock at her reaction.
“Dean?” He called out one more time, his eyes scanning the trees around him, but still no luck.
“Things regarding what?”
“What’s the hold-up? Not really that comfortable up here,” Dean said annoyed.
Dean had also found himself checking on Cas more times than he could count, needing to reassure himself that in fact, yes, Cas was still here and yes, he was safe. There was the odd time, however, where it had taken a few seconds to spot the angel. Whether it be because he had been crouching down and in the process of drawing another symbol or because there was just a tree blocking his line of sight, those few seconds made his heart stop and interrupted his ability to breathe.
“Alright, which pocket?” Cas asked as he took a step closer to Dean.
to be with Cas, he was just fucking terrified about fucking it up beyond repair and ruining anything and everything they ever had.
“Oh…”
“Oh uh yeah...Why don’t we get started on the eggs while we wait for the bacon, huh? It’ll take a little while before we need to flip it.”
Cas didn’t think he could answer that, but even now he could still feel the pain and the suffering that was burning inside of Dean and he couldn’t stop it, he couldn’t help him. Not yet. He still had a job to do here, at first it was just with the angels, but now he also had a job to do as a dad, because even though Jack was now the new God, he was still only a child and he was still Castiel’s responsibility, he still needed to take care of him and make sure he was okay.
Dean gulped, feeling nervous all of a sudden. He felt a shiver run down his spine as the hand that was still on his chest, slid upwards until it was around his neck. It wasn’t enough to block Dean’s airway completely, but it was enough to affect his ability to breathe properly.
Dean wasn’t sure what to do, but then his body seemed to react without consulting his brain and his hand tugged again. Another moan escaped Cas and then he heard the sound of a zipper. It was Cas’ this time.
“What? Got nothing to say? Did I hit a nerve maybe? Tell me I’m wrong.”
“Okay Dean,” Cas said as he made his way over to the cupboards, setting everything on the kitchen table, before going to find Sam and Jack.
“Is everything alright?” he questioned, wearily glancing at Dean’s face.
“Dude, she was a woman.”
“Of course, Dean. I’ll always watch over you.”
“Why is there a dog here, Dean?”
“Dean, I’ll never leave you. Not again. Not if I have anything to say about it.”
Again, more words spilled from Dean’s mouth. “Dad, stop, please,” he begged.
“Dean?” he yelled out again, feeling his breath getting shorter.
He was about to call out to Dean to let him know that he was done when something on the screen caught his eye. He knew he shouldn’t snoop, but Dean did give him his phone after all so he didn’t think Dean would mind him seeing something out in the open. It’s not like he was searching his phone for private things.
“Oh well, let’s go finish dinner then, okay?”
“Hey Jody, how’s it going?” He asked automatically, as he brought the phone to his ear.
Once Dean had been gazing at his lips, thinking about what they had done in his dream the previous night when he noticed a little smirk spread across them, then a moment later Cas’ eyes focused on him as if he knew what Dean was thinking about at that moment. But there was no way, that couldn’t happen.
Cas didn’t even break a sweat, he made it look so easy, damn he was so fucking strong.
“Good. Then go find him and make things right. Now.”
Sometimes Dean thinks about all the time they wasted, all those years they spent silently pining for the other, but right now he’s just happy that they have each other now. He doesn’t intend to waste any more time, he’s done with that. All he wants to do is make the most of their time now and do his best to make Cas happy, whenever he can.
“Hey, you never know. Maybe Dean will get enough sense to realize that Cas isn’t going to run away.”
The man moaned out in pleasure, breathing out Cas’ name, followed by a series of curses. Dammit, he needed
Cas pulled back slightly, catching Dean’s eyes again, “Really? Because I think it’s true.”
Dean took a step back from the angel, glancing at him wearily.
Cas was not far behind him, all it took for him to finish was a strangled noise that came out of Dean’s throat and he was gone. The wave of pleasure hit him and flooded through his body. Cas rode out his orgasm on Dean as he grabbed hold of his dick to help him through it.
As the days went on, one dream turned into two, each one seemingly progressing further, but never quite had them going all the way. These dreams were all that he could think about, he wasn’t able to focus very well on the case, and Sam was beginning to notice. He asked him on more than one occasion if he was feeling alright.
“Yeah, sure,” Sam rushed out, eager to find out more.
“Is something bothering you?”
This time, both of them were silent, both trying to think of what exactly to say next.
“Hey, don’t drag me into this,” Cas protested, but he couldn’t help the laugh that escaped his mouth.
Unlucky for him, they had all just returned to the motel room for the day and Sam was standing nearby watching as the whole thing unfolded. He got a laugh out of it.
“Okay, okay… I’m worried too. I-I’ll try again. I’ll keep trying until he comes. He is still family, so maybe he’ll make an exception to his new way of doing things.”
He looked up when he heard Dean’s footsteps.
“Sounds like a good idea. I’m sure she’d be happy to see you too. I’ll drop by later to see her. Maybe let me talk to her about John, okay?”
Cas rewarded him with the friction that Dean had been yearning for. He brought his hips back down, and slowly, but forcefully, grinded down against Dean.
He backed away until he was just around the corner, poking his head around, just to keep an eye on the dog until Dean opened the door. He was still sitting there happily wagging his tail.
He needed to think about what exactly he was going to do, what exactly he needed Cas’ help with. He knew the way heaven was run was a problem and the way it had been set up, in the beginning, was one as well. He wanted to create a heaven that would be worthy of his family, that they could truly be at peace in when the time came. He knew that he would need Castiel’s help with this, his input. He knew the Winchester’s better than Jack did and that knowledge would be of great help.
Dean smiled at Cas’ confused face, “Yeah that’s perfect. Now you take the egg in both hands…like this,” he said, grabbing the egg with both hands, “and then you have to gently split the egg- put a bit of pressure on the crack with your thumbs, and pull it open a bit.”
“Hey, Dean?”
“Bye, Dean.”
“Yeah, I uh, I guess not.”
“Oh, uh, hey, Cas…” Sam said slowly, sounding confused. “Where’s Dean?”
A few more steps and that’s when Dean heard it.
His gaze trailed down then, to those perfect pink lips that had been haunting his dreams, then his eyes trailed back up, noticing where Cas’ own gaze had fallen before he returned Dean’s gaze once again.
“Well, you looked troubled, you were making sounds of discomfort in your sleep, I thought maybe you were having a nightmare.”
With a quick kiss to Dean’s lips, Cas departed from on top of him altogether, standing up fully. He made quick work of discarding the rest of their clothes but slowed when it came to Dean’s panties, just standing there, appreciating the view of the hunter spread out before him, his lip coming between his teeth as he did so.
Then, his brain went somewhere else. Why the hell, of all the reactions Dean could’ve imagined, was that the one Cas had? I mean, yeah, maybe he was shocked or whatever at first, but this was pretty consistent by now he thinks and he shouldn’t be shocked after the third time of seeing his fucking panties. Maybe… there was another reason for this reaction Dean thought. Maybe he could ask something…
He’s glad that they’re happy, he really is, but it hurts to see them like this, see that they’re happy, when he knows that it’s something that he can’t have. They try not to overdo it when Dean is around, but they just got each other back, Dean knows they can’t help it and they shouldn’t have to hide how they feel just because Dean is mourning and in pain.
“What is it?”
Dean knew Cas wouldn’t actually smite him, or at least he was fairly certain so, brushing past Cas, Dean continued in the same direction as before, and in doing so, pointedly ignored the daggers he was sure Cas was shooting into the back of his head.
Only after the creaking had started to settle did he lift his gaze back to Dean who he found was watching him from the bed. He had a curious look in his eyes, one that Castiel couldn’t quite place. It didn’t last long though as Dean soon turned away, leaning towards his bedside table to turn off the lamp which he had turned on earlier.
forgotten about the phone calls, and even then he hadn’t actually, for some stupid reason, considered that Cas had actually noticed. I mean why hadn’t he considered that? Maybe he was just so distracted by the fact that the angel was back and also, why hadn’t Cas brought it up before? Why hadn’t he asked about it? He could tell from this conversation he was having with Sam that he was curious about them.
To Cas’ disappointment, Dean removed his lips from the angels’, but only for a second, before he started kissing his way down to Cas’ neck. As he did this, he moved his hands from Cas’ hips up to loosen his tie, and then to his shirt to undo the buttons. Once he was done he pushed the shirt off of Cas’ shoulders and to the floor, letting the tie go with it. Now Dean wasn’t restricted to just Cas’ neck, so he kissed and nipped his way to Cas’ collarbone. This is where he marked the angel, making sure that when Cas looked in the mirror the next day, he would remember what happened, what Dean had done. Dean was going to take this angel as his own, and he wanted to make sure Cas knew that.
Jack brought them somewhere more private, not wanting to be overheard by the others, and then he explained everything. He didn’t leave out a single detail. Cas stayed eerily silent throughout the story, watching Jack the whole time. It made Jack even more nervous, having Cas not saying a word like that.
“Dean, what is that,” Cas asked, with his head tilted slightly and eyes directed upwards.
“Not overly. It’s just quite busy with all the new angels up there, it’s quite odd having it like that again. There’s so much chatter, it’s quite overwhelming.”
“Bobby, let go of me.” Cas’ eyes were dark, his voice low with warning, but Bobby wasn’t one to back down.
“Sam, there’s not really anything either of us could do about it. We both know why he’s hurting and we can’t do anything to fix it, there’s no way to bring him back, not this time. I’m certainly no help anymore...”
He was just rounding the corner now, the kitchen in sight. He could hear Dean and Cas talking in there, but their voices were still too low for him to understand what they were saying. He kept going, stepping closer and closer and just as he was about to call out to Dean, he was stopped right in his tracks when their words became clear.
Dean puts on the coat Cas brought him as he watches him fidget with his hands. He loves moments like this. Cas can get so nervous sometimes, even though they’ve been together for almost a year already. It’s quite sweet really, he never used to blush like this before, or at least Dean didn’t notice.
“It’s just that there are a few things out of place and… there’s something missing…”
“Dean,” he growled out, his eyes not wavering from the man’s face. “What the hell have you done.”
It took him a second to realize that he was now on the hard wooden floor of the library, with a sideways chair lying next to him.
His mind wandered back to Dean bent over again, imagining this time that Dean was bent over because of him,
Dean was now holding Cas in both arms as he steadied him. Regaining his footing, Cas stood back up fully, yet Dean’s hands stayed on the angel, not quite wanting to let go yet. Looking at Dean’s face, Castiel shifted against him, but only enough to partially face him, not enough to remove Dean’s hold on him.
Cas didn’t know how to thank Dean for this, but he also didn’t know if this tape was really made specifically for him. Maybe Dean had just had it laying around or maybe he had just thrown together some songs and as an afterthought, thought maybe Cas would enjoy them.
“What do you want me to say, Cas? That my dad was a homophobic asshole who wasn’t winning any father of the year awards?”
“Dean, it’s alright. I’m not going anywhere if you don’t want me to.”
As he worked all he could think about was the dream. It was still so fresh in his head. He tried not to think about it, but the harder he tried, the more intense the thoughts became.
The next update will probably be on Sunday unless I'm feeling up to posting tomorrow.
Wanting to give them a bit of privacy Dean clasped a hand in Cas’ shoulder as he spoke. “I’m gonna go grab something to eat, let me know when you’re done, okay?”
At this point, Cas must’ve had enough of Dean’s shit that he was now doing completely on purpose because when Dean had turned back around, Cas was standing impossibly close to him, staring him directly in the eyes. This new proximity startled Dean, resulting in him taking a few steps back which were matched by Castiel until Dean’s back had hit the wall beside the stairs, with Castiel’s hands finding their way to his shirt, pushing him back just a bit more and keeping him from escaping.
Sam put a hand over his eyes, trying his best not to fall down the stairs as he went. He did NOT want to see any of that again.
Slowly, the man opened the door wide enough for them to enter. “Come in, I’ll go get him.”
“That’s alright,” Cas spoke as he signed with his hands as well. “I’m just glad to see you now.”
“Cas, he’s my dad. And you just-”
Dean sat there on the bed, nuzzling his face into Miracle as he held onto him tightly for just a few moments before letting him go.
“Yeah alright,” Dean replied, remembering the delicious apple pie sitting in front of him. He was ready to devour it. Gosh, it smelt so good.
“Honestly, everything. Or the main idea of heaven at least. He wanted to change it for you and Sam, sort of as a way to make things up to you both, to give you both the afterlife that you deserve.”
Jack looked so lost.
He saw Cas slow his motions and open his eyes that had fallen closed at some point. He looked Dean right in the eyes then, fingers still inside himself.
Dean paused again and that’s when it happened, before he even processed the sound of a
As he got closer, the words got clearer and clearer. He kept walking until he heard Cas say something that made him freeze.
"Dude! Get out of my ass!” The hunter began to yell at, but just then he noticed that he had knocked over his beer, which landed right in the other man's lap. With wide eyes, he picked it up so that the liquid would stop flowing, but it almost didn’t matter by then. The damage had already been done, as he could clearly see that Cas' clothes were now covered in beer.
“C-as” he choked out.
Once Dean nodded his head, Cas continued until he was fully inside of Dean, pausing again, looking for any sign of discomfort on Dean’s face.
Dean froze halfway through that sentence. The memory resurfacing of the last time that he saw Cas act the way he was in this moment. The words were caught on his tongue, destined to remain there, to forever be stuck. This is because the last time he had seen Cas act like this, it had been in his room only a few days prior. That whole panties fiasco that Dean really never wanted to relive. And then it dawned on him. He had seen that look on Cas’s face once before that day as well. It was weeks ago in fact. That day Cas had run into a fucking chair in the library. That was a day to remember because Cas never did that.
Dean gave Cas a shy smile.
. Dean was in pain. He turned around, beginning to run back towards the motel, the closer he got, the more he could feel it and then he remembered that he didn’t have to run. He had his wings, he had fully functioning wings again.
"What? Cas-"
This was so much worse than the last time. Dean had felt hope, he was hopeful about having a future with his angel, but that was gone now. He was never coming back, it was just his mind playing some sort of sick joke.
“I’m all ears,” Bobby responded, walking over to the armchair a few meters away and sitting down, waiting for Cas and Mary to join him.
Dean practically growled out the last part.
Dean stopped walking then, looking at Cas, almost shocked at his words, but then he shook it off.
“Sorry, Dean, I didn’t mean to wake you. I just… I heard a noise, I thought you might be having a nightmare.”
“I don’t really remember how it started, I just know that it started when I couldn’t sleep one night. I was never good at falling asleep as a human. It became a nice distraction from trying to force myself to sleep and it was comforting to draw things that I had been familiar with before I fell. I drew the things that I missed… Heaven, my- my wings, even you and Sam… It was kind of like a way to ensure I wouldn’t forget, that I couldn’t forget if I had them there on the paper.”
“Well, since you’re just about done with your lunch, I was thinking maybe we could watch a movie if you’d like to?’
“Okay… I was thinking, do you have anything else planned for today?”
“Oh, sorry, dear. I didn’t mean to assume, I just thought- well, nevermind that. I should go find my girls before they cause any more trouble.”
Dean made sure to keep his words brief this time. “Sorry…” he spoke softly as he handed the books to Cas. Castiel reached out, grabbing hold of the books, but not without a hand grazing Dean’s own, lingering for just a moment before pulling away.
“I’m sorry for just leaving like that…” Cas said, looking away from Dean’s face.
Balthazar, Gabriel, Samandriel and Hannah were among Cas’ most trusted of the bunch, but they were not alone in being in his good graces. He knew these angels, they tried their best to do what was right.
Dean turned around, opening the door once again.
Dean follows his gaze and almost chokes on air.
“What, so does this freaky connection still work?” Dean chuckled out. “Like can you still feel… whatever it is that I’m feeling? Because gotta say, that might be a little inconvenient if we were on a hunt or something,”
The dream couldn’t last though, they never did, always having to end and this ending came much too soon and in the form of emerald green eyes, blown wide from pleasure.
He watched as Miracle got up and walked around in a few circles before lying down on the end of his bed, closing his eyes.
“Well, Jack told you about the deal he made with the Empty, right?”
“But-” Sam started to protest.
“Hey, Dean, there’s no need to worry, I’ve got you. I promise to be gentle, alright? And if you need me to stop I will, just say the word.”
“He’s what? Why? How?”
“I see. Well, he seems to be fine now.”
Sam looked at him with pleading eyes, Dean could tell he was just trying to help. Dean tried to take a few breaths to calm himself down.
down south was the blanket that laid over top of him.
“You know, maybe he would have been right to be furious, to yell at me, to hit me… Maybe I deserved it. I always messed up, I couldn’t seem to do anything right. Maybe it was just because I was there, because I was in the wrong place at the wrong time, but I don’t know… A lot of the time it felt as if he was… angry or something with me, disappointed, disgusted at times, even if nothing had happened, even if I hadn’t done anything. I didn’t know why, I didn’t understand why he would do that, why he would hurt me, but I thought I deserved it, I must have. Why would he have done that if I didn’t?”
“Yup,” he said a little too loudly, “I just wanna get my laundry done, need me to throw any of yours in?”
He still wasn’t exactly sure what he would say when Cas asked about the angels, but he couldn’t lie. He would just have to tell him the long, hard truth.
He knew that whatever happened, it would be hard, and that’s exactly why it needed to be done in person.
“What the hell do you want, “ he sneered, clearly annoyed as he took another drink from the bottle in his hands.
“Uh, I don’t know…”
Then, he heard Sam shout out, “Hey Dean, Jack was asking if there was any fruit left over to snack on during the movie, could you grab us some?”
He had been out there for maybe ten or fifteen minutes when he heard the door slide open again.
No matter the way, he needed to know, he needed to save heaven. He could let it die, he couldn’t let all the billions of souls there be forced out and thrown back down to Earth where they would roam for eternity, never finding peace.
Dean asked Cas to pick up the tongs this time to check the bacon, he told Cas it was time to flip it over, so Cas flipped over every piece in the pan.
He was about to start moving towards one door when suddenly it opened. Emerging from the doorway Cas saw two demons and then a familiar head of flaming red hair.
“Your angel, huh?”
With a sign, he turned off the phone, heading towards the kitchen, where Cas assumed Dean probably still was. He decided not to say anything about it, just for now though.
“Uh-huh, okay. Are you sure they don’t need your help in there? I promise I’ll be fine if you go check-”
Dean was getting annoyed with Sam. Why the hell couldn’t he just leave him alone, he just wanted to be left alone.
Jack still didn’t look fully convinced, still quite curious and skeptical about this, but then Cas gave him a pleading look.
Slowly, the amount of noise they had been making grew as their numbers increased. They tried to be as quiet as possible, trying not to all be calling out or talking at once, but still, they weren’t very subtle. They weren’t sure when exactly the Empty would show itself to them because of this, but they had to be on high alert the whole time.
Cas had practically growled this at Dean.
With that, Cas was brushing past Dean and out the door to meet the others in the kitchen.
David just laid a hand over Roger’s, grabbing hold of it, grateful to have his husband here with him now.
“Sorry, I’ll just, uh…”
“Cas..” he gasped, “what- what’s happening?”
“Okay, that’s just rude. I’m
“Hey, Cas, don’t worry about it. It’s really fine. This has been kinda fun actually, just having you around, it’s nice.”
With the left side of his body leaning against the half-open doorway, his head thrown back, his eyes closed and his bottom lip being worked quite roughly between his teeth. That wasn’t all though. His wandering eyes continued their descent down his body, and that’s when he saw it. From his spot on the floor, directly across from the hunter, Castiel could clearly see the zipper of Dean’s jeans undone, causing them to hang loosely on his hips and reveal a pair of panties that Cas had not yet seen before today. God, he looked so fucking hot just standing there like that, coming undone before Castiel’s eyes, the light blue fabric of his panties becoming darker by the second, the newfound wet spot now completely apparent and practically screaming at Castiel for attention as he watched with wide eyes.
He kept walking aimlessly through the trees, not caring about the branches that caught on his jeans. He kept stumbling around, searching for that stupid hunter that made him worry so much until he feeling sharp in his chest. Pain.
Another few days had gone by and Dean was just returning from a quick beer run. Cas must’ve heard him open the bunker door because as he was setting the beer down on the map table he saw Cas appear from the hallway. It was the first time he had actually seen him that day.
“Dean?”
Dean pauses, and eyes Sam to make sure he was following.
Dean had lost his chance for the hope of a future with Cas, before he could even begin to hope for it. Cas was gone before he had time to register that that’s what he meant, that that’s how he felt. He loved Dean. He was
Soon, Cas had them both turning around and was leading Dean backwards towards his bed. When the backs of his legs hit it, Cas pushed him down before crawling down on top of Dean himself. By this point, they both had very noticeable bulges in their pants. Dean wasn’t completely sure what to do here, sure he had plenty of experience in bed, but never with another man, he never let himself go there. He never even admitted it to himself that maybe, he might have wanted that. It wasn’t until after he had met Cas that he realized something might be different, and by that point, the angel had been plaguing his dreams, there was no one else he could think about besides the angel.
Jack tried to reassure Cas, but he ended up just going into a very long, detailed story about all that had happened. Which did, thankfully, clear many things up.
“Because… I didn’t- it was because of you, Dean.”
Mary did not need Bobby’s help though as she walked over to John, pushing him towards the door.
"Cas, I promise I'll be-"
“Definitely, ’m starving. Just give us a minute, okay?”
“Shit,” Dean muttered out, having to take a step or two away to actually reach his phone that had apparently bounced a few times in its great escape from his pocket. Although this hadn’t been planned, Dean was not one to miss out on a perfect opportunity so, as he reached for his phone, he made damn sure to bend down just enough that his ass was sticking out completely in Cas’ direction, his shirt riding up just enough to expose the lace waistband that hid beneath it.
Now that the lamp was on, Cas was able to see Dean’s features more clearly. He noticed his eyes were a bit puffy and shiny, and his lip was trembling.
First, he checked Dean's nightstand. He’d seen Dean keep it here a few times before so he thought it was the best place to start. It wasn’t laying on top of the nightstand, so he checked behind, just to see if it’d fallen. It hadn’t. Then he opened the drawer of the nightstand, rummaging around a little inside but it wasn’t there either.
The next morning, Dean was awoken by the annoying ring of his phone on the nightstand near his head. God, he was going to murder Sam for waking him up so damn early.
Dean and Cas exchanged a confused glance, before looking back at Sam.
“I’m here… I’m hurt, can you let me in?”
He knows now, what it was, what Cas was feeling, what he saw when he was looking at Dean. It was love. All of it was love. Love because he saw that Dean was so loving and selfless, love because, despite all his mistakes, Cas knew what really drove Dean to fight, love because this man that he saw wasn’t perfect, but he tried his best.
“Still needs a few more minutes, let’s go fix those eggs, okay?’
Once Cas was certain that Dean was asleep and wasn’t going to wake up, he headed right for the bathroom, closing the door behind him and only then did he turn on the lights so as not to disturb Dean. Now in the quiet space of the bathroom, Cas leaned back against the wall, finally feeling like he was able to breathe for the first time in almost an hour. It really hadn’t felt like that amount of time though. No, it felt like an eternity just sitting there, only a few feet away from Dean after he’d seen just exactly what he was wearing under those sweatpants.
Balthazar looked a little confused now, with some concern showing on his face.
Mary nodded her head, encouraging him to keep going.
Cas leaned forward in his chair now, as he called out in a voice louder than he normally would’ve used, “Hi, Jody.”
“Wait, you saw Bobby too?”
“An eight-year-old boy. Reports say he was found huddled around the campfire, not a scratch on him.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, “Why don’t you whisk the eggs?”
After it was all done and Cas had returned to heaven he went to find Mary as promised. When he found her, she looked at him with a bit of a guilty look on her face.
With a sigh, Cas got up from his chair to retrieve Dean’s phone and hit the answer button.
Hesitantly, Cas placed his hand around the doorknob, he wanted to knock, but he didn’t want to wake Dean if he was still sleeping. Slowly the door creaked open, spilling a sliver of light from the hallway into the dark room. He opened it just enough for him to slip through the doorway and into the room so the light wouldn’t quite hit Dean. He heard a quiet sniffle as he slowly shut the door willing it not to creak as he did so. Thankfully, it went smoothly without a sound, seemingly listening to his prayer. With a sigh of relief, Cas shuffled closer to Dean’s bed, heading over to the right side, trying to keep his feet light on the floor.
Dean led the way to his room after that, with Cas close behind, both still butt-naked as they walked, finally settling in Dean’s room and in the warm comfort of his bed.
“Sure, I’d like that.”
“Dean...why are you putting ketchup on your eggs…?” Jack looks confused, he even does that little head tilt that he swears he learned from Cas.
John’s gaze returned fiercely, causing Dean to wish it hadn’t, because he’d seen that look before. He’d seen it growing up, saw it more times than he would’ve liked.
Deciding that he might as well cook enough for everyone and he even went back to the fridge to grab the pack of turkey bacon he saw laying around for Sam.
It also did not help that Cas seemed to be breathing down his neck the whole time. He couldn’t escape the angel, he was always just so
“It’s okay to feel like this sometimes, but you need to remember that. You need to remember who your real family is, that we don’t care about your flaws, we care about
“Really, Dean?” Sam asked, displaying one of his many different bitchfaces. Dean just ignored him, focusing on the food once more.
“You alright?”
Cas had been gone for a while now. Maybe a little too long. During that time Dean had since made, and eaten a sandwich. Dean assumed maybe he was having trouble finding the charger, but maybe he didn’t want to ask for help, probably wanting to do it himself. Either way, Dean decided to head over to see if he had found it and was just sitting there on his phone as it charged or if he really did need some help.
Dean vaguely thought he heard the sound of a door, but he was too far gone to actually notice or care and then he heard a loud moan from Cas as he felt him come inside of him, filling him up as he rode out his orgasm as well.
Dean tried to look away from the angel then, but Cas wasn’t having it. The hand that Cas had on Dean’s shoulder slid up to his neck then and then continued, coming to rest on the hunter's cheek. He brought Dean’s face back, catching his gaze again. His thumb brushing away the tears against his cheek as they just sat there like that for a few moments.
Leashes in hand, Dean walked down the aisle, heading to the section where they kept the animals, more specifically, the guinea pigs.
Dean had been sitting in the library, alone, flipping through the news for anything that merely resembled a case, but was coming up with very little.
“Yes?”
Cas gave a sharp tug all of a sudden, panting out, “Dean, you gotta- I’m gonna, if you don’t stop.”
"And let even more people die? No, not a chance.” Dean paused, watching as Cas gave him a look. Sighing, he gave in. “Okay, let me think about it."
“Yeah, and who’re y-”
This time, he told Jack everything. He told him about how miserable Dean was and how he would hardly eat anymore, how he would spend less and less time with Sam and Eileen as time went on, how Sam would, more often than not, find Dean passed out drunk on the floor. He also told Jack what Dean had told him, he knew he might not have wanted him to, but he knew that Dean would come around and probably understand why he did it. He told Jack about what Cas told Dean, that he loved him and that it was killing Dean that he wasn’t able to say it back, that he never got the chance to say it.
There John lay, bloodied and bruised on the ground in a heap. His breathing was ragged and he was hardly moving now, but he was still conscious. Mary, Bobby, and Castiel stood above him, towering over him.
“Hey,” Dean started, but his eyebrows furrowed when he saw how stiff Castiel looked just standing there. “Everything okay?”
“Do it again.” He said daringly, a dark look in his eyes.
"Excuse me?" he said, his voice probably an octave too high, but he didn't care.
Heading down the cereal aisle, Cas asked Dean what they needed from here. Dean read out the list. “Corn Flakes, Cookie Crunch, and All-Bran.”
“That we should save this guinea pig from this place and take him home with us,” Cas stated like it was completely obvious.
When they were on, Dean decided he should probably find some other clothes to wear as well. He looked around the room for the sweatpants he had been wearing earlier, noticing them sitting over the back of a chair a few feet away, on the other side of the bed. He walked over to grab them, also stopping to pick up the towel he had thrown a few seconds ago, which had apparently landed on the floor near the chair.
Dean doesn’t know why, but he just snapped.
“Cas, wait.”
He told Jack about how they were doing, the little things, maybe some funny story that had happened that day or how he was thinking about settling down with Eileen. He wanted Jack to know what was happening in their lives. Sam also spoke about the bad times and how much they needed and missed him. He talked about Cas and how he’s sure something had happened with him and Dean before he died, but Dean still wouldn’t talk about it.
"I think so, but I haven't tried it again."
“Don’t be a smartass, okay? What the hell is it doing here because I sure as hell am not eating it.”
“I just- Sorry, I’m fine, just got a bit lost in my head for a moment.”
“I- I want you,” he breathed out.
“Mhmm come on smitty, we still got a ways to go.”
“Dean..? Are you there?”
"Okay, well... goodbye Dean."
Maybe he was approaching this the wrong way. Maybe he needed to focus his attention on a single being. Maybe if he focused entirely on a single angel, he could reach them. He wasn’t certain if it would work, but still, he closed his eyes and took a breath, trying his best to focus.
But this…? This was different. He and Sam… they hadn’t tried to bring John back. Nobody had, so why was he here?
Dean was lost in this memory of Cas, when he heard a noise. A noise that he had heard probably hundreds of times before.
“So...” he began. “What’s the plan for today?”
Cas nodded, “Yes, there’s more in the refrigerator, along with some eggs and a few other things.”
Dean just made a face at the angel, and even though he knew that Cas couldn’t see it, it still made him feel just a little bit better.
Cas tapped his egg once more on the counter, and then inspected the crack on the egg, glancing at Dean for his approval, still unsure if he was doing this right.
Cas just stared at Dean for a moment. They both knew Cas stayed within sight the entire time.
He decided not to wait for Cas’ reply before whipping his body around and all but sprinting to his room to escape the conversation that he knew deep down was only going to follow him and running away would only delay the inevitable by a few minutes, maybe less.
Jack knew that in any other circumstance he wouldn’t be able to trust Chuck, but because of the spell, Chuck couldn’t betray him.
It was a weird gurgling noise, one that he had heard a few times before.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Still, Rusty was a bit disappointed that Cas wasn’t here when it finally happened. Sure, Rusty was happy, but it didn’t feel completely right, it felt like something was missing, someone was missing. Rusty kinda wanted them both, wanted to nail them both. Rusty couldn’t get enough of them. Always wanting to hear every detail they could about them. 12 years of want and Cas didn’t even show up. To say Rusty was disappointed was an understatement.
Something definitely felt off, so he walked towards the direction that he last saw Dean, hoping that maybe he just didn’t hear him or was still quietly brooding.
He listened to the rest of the tape with a smile on his face, thinking about how much time and effort Dean must’ve put into this one thing for Cas. Why did he even think to do this for Cas? Was there a reason? Did he spend hours thinking about which songs he wanted on it or did he just know?
“And to make matters worse,
He tried to put a hopeful look on his face, but it felt forced and it probably wasn’t very convincing.
“Cas, just slow down its- uh, let’s just not talk about it… like ever. Okay?”
Dean watched as his brow furrowed, and he tilted his head.
“Considering my being exclusively attracted to men, I guess I would have to say that Dr. Sexy is quite attractive… objectively speaking of course.”
“Could we- could we give it a listen? While we wait?”
“Why’d you draw me?” Dean heard Castiel’s breath hitch as soon as the words left his mouth and Dean froze. That was not at all what he had wanted to say, yet it was too late now because he knew that the angel had heard him. Frantically trying to make the situation not any worse, he started speaking again. “I mean I know it wasn’t just me but- I just- fuck,” he cursed under his breath.
“I’m talking about how you raised them, what you did after I was gone. What you said to them, to Dean! Oh, we both know who he is and you-”
“Hello?”
Dean wasn't sure what he looked like at that moment, but if Cas' little smirk was any indication, he must’ve looked ridiculous.
“Okay… that’s good then…” Dean wasn’t sure what else to say, but that little question remained in his head.
“Yes, quite frequently actually, some were quite loud too. I’m surprised you didn’t wake up Sam.”
“Okay,” Sam replied wearily, walking out of the room and presumably towards the kitchen.
“No, I umm, I need your help. It-It’s about Dean.”
It was rare that Cas left Dean feeling this speechless and in moments like this, it’s almost as if Dean felt himself falling in love all over again.
“Looks like someone likes you,” Dean chuckled, looking fondly at the two. It was quite cute watching them interact with one another with Miracle happily pawing at and running circles around Cas and Cas looking a little taken aback by the dog while also trying to keep up with it.
“You sent my dad to hell… because of me.”
“Sure as hell considering it…” Cas muttered, almost too quiet for Dean to catch.
They offered out what little food and water they had amongst the group, and when Cas was done, he paused, looking back at one of the families beginning to stand up so they could head out. Cas walked over to them, more specifically to the small girl that was giving her parents a hard time about being too tired to go anywhere.
The angle that standing gave him really wasn’t much better from his crouch, in fact, it may have been worse. Luckily, he remembered the direction of the object and was able to find it again after taking a few steps blindly towards it.
“It’s alright, don’t worry about it, okay?”
“Hello, Jasmin,” he welcomed, “I’m Jack.”
That only encouraged Dean to keep going, giving him the little push he needed to continue what he was going to do.
“Oh? Then why don’t you seem fine? Was coming back from the dead too exhausting this time?”
Cas could smell the bacon now. He made his way over to Dean, who was standing over the stove top, checking the bacon, picking up a piece with a pair of tongs.
“I didn’t. I- felt something, a change of sorts, within the Earth. Like a surge of angelic energy. I needed to come investigate, to find out what was happening.”
Happy Holidays!
“T- tombstone?” Dean stuttered out, his voice going two octaves higher than normal. He cleared his throat, hoping that Cas hadn’t noticed the change in his voice. “Yeah, we could- we could watch that.”
“I could never be myself back then, it was never an option. My whole life I had to pretend that this whole other side of me just didn’t exist, that it still doesn't, and it- I can’t do it anymore, Cas. I can’t keep pretending like this. Every day I look in the mirror and I- I hate what I see.”
The process had been long and extremely taxing on Jack. The first one was the hardest. He needed to get it just right, he couldn’t make a mistake, this was too important. He went over everything Chuck had taught him dozens of times before he even thought about actually attempting it.
Cas didn’t really say much, just gave him a brief nod, saying “sure,” before Dean brought his attention back to the phone.
“Okay try again, just a little harder.”
I wasn’t too sure about how to get that breakout done but I wanted it in a way that we got back some of my old favourites so there we go.
Once he was done, he shuffled his way through the darkness, guided only by the flecks of light from the hall that made their way into the room through the grate in the door. When he hit his bed, he removed his pants, feeling the coolness on his legs. He then pulled back the covers, and crawled into bed, pulling the blankets tightly around his body.
“I am going to strip you of everything except those panties, and then watch as you squirm under my touch until you’re
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel told them a lot. He told them about how he escaped, how he managed to find his way back to Earth, he told them who he came back with, at least the ones he knew. He also explained how Jack had taken over in heaven and the work they had done for them, that Jack wanted to do this one last thing for them, he left out the details, but he made sure they knew that it was now a heaven they could be at peace in, He told them about how he saw Mary in heaven and Bobby too, and how they were happy there and how John was no longer there. He also told them what Jack had asked him to tell them, how he was sorry, that he missed them.
“Night, Cas,” he whispered into the quiet room, after a few moments.
“I uh, well since I’m back… I was thinking I should probably give Claire a call. I assume one of you called her and alerted her of my death so I thought I should probably let her know that I’m not dead anymore.”
“Certainly sounds like quite a tempting proposal. It could work very well, but I feel we might need to be careful about who we bring back, I may have been gone for a while, but I’m sure there are certain angels and demons that the Earth would be better off not having back due to our mistakes.”
Dean looked up at Cas wide eyed, “Cas I-”
Dean swears if it were possible for someone’s eyes to shoot out of their head, his would have at that moment. Especially considering he hadn’t expected an answer anywhere near that in response to what he had said. It was a fucking joke, but it was no longer funny, if it had ever been funny. Which it probably wasn’t.
Sam was up once again, for the fifth night that week, just standing in his doorway listening to his brother's cries. He thought back to the first night this happened, all those weeks ago.
After brushing past a few branches and other various plants, the object caught Dean’s attention as well.
Dean turned around then and noticed that Cas’ eyes were focused intently on him. He seemed lost in his head.
“I’ve also seen the call log on my phone. I know that he'd been calling-“
"Listen, wendigos usually hunt at night. Also, we
“He headed out about an hour ago, said there was something he needed to do, but that he’d be back with some coffee later. We didn’t want to wake you yet, you looked peaceful.”
Dean quickly took a step back and cleared his throat again, “So uh, I guess we should go start on the dishes, huh?”
“I’m over-” he began to say. That was until he felt a sharp pain across his side, followed by the hard thud of his head colliding with a nearby tree. His vision blurred and faded to black.
“Yeah, sounds great,” Dean said, the words almost getting caught in this throat
“God, why are the fucking bugs so bad out here,” Dean began to complain, swatting at another bug that was buzzing around his head.
“Cas, look out,” Dean rushed out, shooting one hand out to grab him by the wrist and pull him back. Cas stumbled a little from the change of direction, losing his footing, but thankfully, Dean was there to catch him before he was able to not so gracefully fall to the floor.
They sat there for a while until Dean spoke up. “So… how long do you think this’ll take them?”
“I’m well aware of that.”
It even had free wifi and a flatscreen TV—although not very large, it was still quite nice.
Dean’s eyes went wide at that. “It- how does something like
Quickly, he reached for a few napkins and walked around the table, but Cas stopped him with one hand, pressed against his chest. Just then Dean noticed how stiff the angel was sitting there, almost as if someone had shoved a stick up his ass.
Sam raised his hands in the air in defence. “Nope, no problem, just an observation.”
“Cas, everything alright,” Dean asked as he walked up to Cas, a bit concerned as to what could be wrong.
“Well, it’s just that I haven’t talked to him since… you know… and he wasn’t doing too great back then.”
It was Cas’ turn to let out a groan this time.
It’s who I am.”
Dean started to nod, before remembering that Cas had told him to use his words, so he choked out a broken “fu-ck..oh-okay.”
Dean looked back towards the sink, a bit unsure before refocusing on Cas.
“He spent a lot of the time drinking and he wasn’t the fun kind of drunk. He got so angry, he got mean. Any little thing could set him off. I mean, that was already pretty normal, he’d always get mad so easily, so when he was drunk… it was just so much worse.” Dean paused, closing his eyes as if remembering a particularly painful memory that he had been trying to forget.
Sam offered up a hopeful smile, he knew losing Cas was hard for Jack too and he just wanted to be there for him.
He was able to sleep better because of it too. Having his angel there helped him in so many ways, so when he made this change to his room, he knew exactly why.
“Fuck, why the hell didn’t we do this sooner?” Dean panted out, meaning it to be a rhetorical question, but Castiel answered nonetheless.
“Just hold on a second. He’s been
“Okay,” he breathed out. Dean turned over then, reaching out to turn off the lamp, before moving back to his starting position, but he was tucked even closer to Cas now. He could feel the warmth radiating off the other man.
“I’m going to hang up now.” He hears it echo through to the other phone, and then he hangs up, putting the phone in his pocket.
Sam slipped away, finally heading to the bathroom, before heading back to Jack. They watched the movie in Sam’s room and at some point, Sam dozed off.
Since it was late when Sam found the case, they decided they would head out the next morning, Cas saying that he would tag along on this hunt.
"See, I told you that you need some rest."
Sure, he has a few pictures of Cas, but it’s not enough. Cas isn’t really there, he isn’t there for Dean to touch, to hold, or to feel his warmth. The room that belonged to the angel once was mostly bare, as if no one had ever even used it, so there wasn’t much comfort to be had there.
“Dean,” he hears Cas say, “what are you- you’re going to catch a cold being out here like this.”
Cas. For good, I thought and it was just nice to have something of yours close by and-”
Cas seemed like he wanted to say something else, but closed his mouth instead and gave a short nod. Something still seemed to be off with his best friend, but after a few moments of consideration, Dean decided that it was better not to piss him off even more.
“No. You are going to stay there and do as you’re told. Don’t move.”
After checking each drawer, he still came up empty. Standing up straight, he slowly scanned the rest of the room, not seeing a sign of it anywhere. Walking around a bit more as he searched, something caught his eye, something on the bed.
Once it was done, he headed back to heaven and searched for Cas, they had work to do. He caught sight of him after a bit of searching. He was conversing with some of the new angels, Dara and Jasmin, probably trying to get to know them a bit better. It was interesting to watch. Cas looked so fascinated, probably by the fact that they were among the first two of Jack’s creations.
“What?”
“What’s so funny?” He asked Dean, his head tilted to the side.
It took a few moments for realization to dawn on Dean. Panic began to set in before he could even get the words out. “H- how long have you been here, how much did you see?” He rambled out, hoping to hell that Cas had not seen everything, that he hadn’t
“To Sam, those two weeks were some of the best of his life, but to me they were hell. Dad blamed me for it. Sam left on my watch, he left when I went out, when I went out to see someone… a- a friend... Dad just lost it when he found out about why I left… I didn’t even tell him who I saw but- but I think he knew. Then I was alone with him, I was the only one around and he was- he was so upset about it all. I ended up in the hospital that time, usually, it didn’t get that bad or even if I should have gone I didn’t. But that time was bad, one of the worst I think and I just- I wanted to get away from him.”
Little did they know, Dean had just happened to be walking down the hallway when he had heard voices. He really hadn’t intended to listen in on the conversation, not until he heard his name among the rest of the distorted words.
“Dammit, Cas. You’re so fucking hot, you know that?” Dean whispered roughly into his ear.
Once the door closed behind Dean, Castiel walked towards several pieces of clothing that Dean had left out for him. He picks up the jeans, inspecting them, before wrinkling his nose and putting them down. Next, he grabbed the sweatpants, they were Dean’s favourite pair, he knew that. They were soft and looked warm. He decided upon them, partly wondering why Dean liked them so much.
Cas shoved him against another wall then, one without a fucking rebar on it. He looked Dean in the eyes, unblinking as he directed his next words to the other Winchester.
increased significantly. And that thought scared the crap out of him.
After they left, they headed back to the motel, picking up some food on the way. It was getting late already and they needed to be up early tomorrow to head out to the woods.
Dean’s room was relatively clean, aside from the pile of laundry on his bed that he assumed was clean and a few other belongings scattered about.
“Got a problem with that Sammy? If you do, don’t think I won’t eat your burger too.”
“Yeah but-”
Dean’s voice broke.
“Nah don’t worry about it, I know a trick or two to fix this.”
left out something important like this, he really just thought that it had slipped his mind, what with all the other things that had occurred. “Why would you leave that out?”
They both seemed to get on board with Cas’ plan pretty quickly after he explained it and any hint of hesitation over the plan was washed away once Cas had finished explaining what he had planned to tell Mary before John and Bobby showed up.
“You just gonna stand there all day? Come on, come sit.” Dean motions Cas over with his arm.
Cas squinted his eyes, looking at Dean curiously. “What?”
“But-”
“Depends on what you consider interesting.”
“Okay, maybe just, help me find everything. We don’t need Sam coming back to this mess because I don’t think he’d ever sit anywhere near this table again.”
“I warned you.”
Fortunately, Sam had finally found a new case for them in Rochester, Minnesota. It wasn’t too far away, less than half a day's drive, so at least they wouldn’t be crammed in the car together too long. Based on the news article and police reports that he managed to find, he had already begun thinking that it might be a werewolf. There had been two bodies found so far, about a week apart, in a park. Both had been found with their hearts torn out, but neither was during a full moon, so it couldn’t be just any ordinary werewolf if that’s what it was.
“Hey, Cas.”
“He-” Mary was cut off by the sound of the front door opening.
The kiss didn’t leave Dean’s mind for the rest of the day, and to make matters worse, when he and Cas finally made their way into the den to join Sam and Jack, the only spots that were available were on the small couch, so they had to sit there together. The only other option would be to sit on the floor, but it was cold and very uncomfortable, so Dean decided against it.
“I don’t know, I just needed to get away. I was just feeling a little…”
“I’m fine,” he brushed off quickly, sitting up on the bed. He knew it wouldn’t be enough though, he wasn’t fooling anybody.
“Oh, I’m sorry about that,” a woman with short, pastel pink hair interrupted as she came up to them. “I swear I have no control over them most of the time.”
“Maybe…” he paused. “If you’re up for it.”
Dean sniffled then, holding on tighter to Cas.
This question took Cas off guard. He thought maybe he had just imagined it.
“What’re you making dinner now, too?” Sam chuckled out.
They talked for a few minutes about how things had been going, what Claire had been doing these past few months. She’d taken a break from hunting for a bit, wanting to just spend some time at home and with Kaia since they got her back. Kaia hadn’t been too fond of the idea of going with Claire on hunts at first, so Claire decided maybe taking a break would be for the best. Claire told him that Jody was pretty relieved with that. She’d gotten a lot better with Claire going on hunts now, but she still worried. The conversation worked its way to Jody a bit more, even so much as Jody happening to stop by as they were talking. Claire gave her the news and Jody said a quick hello and stayed for a few minutes before she left.
Chuck helped Jack, told him what to do, how long the process would take.
His eyes snapped up almost immediately, as he pulled his coat just a little bit tighter around his body.
“You know what? Bite me, Cas,” Dean grumbled out as he angrily opened the salad and stabbed it with his fork. He didn’t think now was the time to ignore the angel, especially when he had that smiting look in his eyes.
about that.”
Their eyes met and there was so much concern behind the other man's, that Dean could only nod, which made Cas sigh quietly once again, but he didn't look away. Just like that, they were staring at each other, like they did so many times already, but now that Dean was aware of how Cas felt, it seemed to feel different. He tried to look away, but he couldn't find the strength. Absently, he licked his lips and the angel's eyes flickered down for just a second, but it was enough time for Dean to look away.
“I was
Dean noticed his staring and chuckled lightly, “Enjoying the view?”
The sensation of kissing another man was a bit strange to Dean at first, the feel of stubble scratching at his chin, the feel of a flat chest pressed against his own, and- oh. There was certainly still something pressed against Dean now, but it was not in an area he was used to, it was further down, pressed up against this thigh.
Dean gulped, he couldn’t speak so he just nodded his head.
“C-Cas… is that, is that really you?”
“Enjoying the show?” Dean joked as he grabbed some jeans and pulled them on.
“Umm maybe… depending on what he said. What did he say?”
“Dad… how did you get here?”
“Yes, Cas, I’m fine. I’ll be out in a minute.”
Dean put it as bluntly as he could, not even sure how Cas had missed something this big over how many fucking years. Apparently, he most definitely had missed it though, at least if his eyes widening five times the size was any indicator.
“That’s good to hear, everything’s fine here, but tell everyone I say hi, okay?”
Cas had offered to pick up some food while Dean showered once again, but unlike the previous night, Dean was careful not to go wandering around in the open dressed in only a certain article of clothing, and Cas made sure to not fly into the room, this time opting for using the door instead.
Dean had been sitting on the kitchen steps with Sam, just thinking and talking about what had happened, still trying to figure out their next move with Chuck. It had felt so hopeless. What did they even have left to give, what options did they have? They had his death book, but they had no way of getting it open to see the ending, to see how he was going to die. They were completely and utterly screwed. It seemed as if all hope had left the building, all hope of defeating Chuck and saving everyone that he hurt. Everyone that they lost.
“I first got the idea when I was human… to draw, I mean. There was this person I met who found sketching calming, he told me that it helped him focus, to feel like he had a purpose in life and that, no matter where he’d go, or what he’d be doing, he’d always have this book with him. It was one of the only constants in his life back then. I didn’t think much of it at first, but I liked the smile he got when he talked about it and it was interesting to me how he’d just sit down somewhere for hours it’d seem and draw in this little thing.”
“You, sure Sammy? You seem a little flustered?”
Either way, no matter what happened then, things were definitely different now. Sure, he hadn’t explicitly said to Cas that he didn’t mind when he watched him sleep, but he also didn’t say that. He had told Cas to stay with him the first night that he was back, hell, he even asked Cas to come and sit closer to him for god's sake, he pleaded with him not to leave him.
“Oh, and before I forget…”
“Actually, I am.”
“Well, if you’re sure then…”
“Cas…?” Balthazar said quietly, trying to get his attention.
“I- There’s uh… there’s so much that you don’t know, Cas. About me...about my life… about how I grew up. I just- It’s just all too much sometimes.” He could hear how Dean’s voice broke on the last word as he lifted his head up a bit. It pained him to hear Dean like this. All he wanted was to fix it and make sure he never sounded like this again.
Hello again! I hope 2021 is treating everyone well so far! This chapter has yet another little POV change and I am VERY excited about it because it's about damn time for this. Enjoy!
Why the hell did this have to happen to him? Why did it always seem to happen to him?
When he finally glanced up and noticed Dean’s bright green eyes looking back at him, he visibly jumped in his seat, dropping both his pencil and the book onto the ground as he scrambled to hide it from Dean. He sat there in shock for a few seconds before sliding off his chair and down to the ground to pick them both up.
This perfectly placed light was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing because Dean could now see just how flushed Cas’ skin was and the way his lips seemed more red than normal, something that just made him want to reach out and smash their lips together.
He turned on his phone, and there was his name. Still there from the last time he did this, he was still sitting in the same spot, sitting on the floor of his room, back leaning against his bed. There was nothing else for him to do besides this. How long had it even been since he last called? A few minutes, a few hours? He didn’t know. All he knew was that it had been too long since he heard the angel’s voice, so he pressed the call button again.
Once again, their bodies were pressed flush against one another, but this time there were no shirts in the way.
“Cas, do you mind…?”
“If only humans had created something that would help prevent bug bites in the first place…” Cas muttered out. “Would’ve been quite convenient…”
Cas removed his fingers, but not without a noise of displeasure from Dean. Cas was moving quick, however, he needed to be inside of Dean, just as much as Dean needed him. It didn’t take him long to open the lube again with a
Reluctantly, Dean followed, finally noticing the aroma that filled the air as he walked closer to the kitchen.
"Jesus, you can be annoying sometimes."
When Cas, the last one of them to finish, did, he pulled out, then collapsed, half laying on top of Dean and half on the table. A blissful feeling overtook him then, even though he was fucking exhausted. Silence settled between them, both only realizing now just how loud they’d been and how thankful they were that the bunker was completely empty.
Cas sighed, and Dean felt a pang of guilt in his chest. He had almost forgotten how difficult things must’ve been for Cas back then. He was all alone, with no one that he knew, no one that he could trust and as soon as they finally found him and made him feel safe again, Dean threw him out.
Dean waited. He felt like he had been waiting for hours when in reality it had probably only been under thirty minutes. He had gotten up at some point and was pacing around the room.
“Jack,” he breathed out.
“Um, blue?”
Rusty fell in love that night, fell in love with their love.
“It’s Sam.” Dean just finished for him. Who else would be calling him at the crack of dawn.
Dean reluctantly removed his mouth from Cas’ cock, but not without placing a small kiss to the tip of it, while looking directly into Cas’ lust filled eyes.
“How’s this?” He asked Dean.
Through every little thing, every day he had known or spent with the hunter, he could feel this love growing.
“I know… I’m just not sure if I can right now…” Dean looked down, Cas let him this time.
“Well...um, I didn’t exactly do it all by myself,” Jack’s gaze shifted down to the ground, too nervous to look Cas in the eye. “I had some help…”
Dean’s hand closed around it, his fingers brushing against Cas’, lingering for just a moment too long to be accidental. Cas’ eyes flick back up to meet the green eyes that’re already looking at him, a shy smile spreading across his face.
“Cas, calm down,”
By the time Cas was done and had answered quite a few of their questions it was getting late, around 11 o’clock at night already. He could tell that Dean was getting tired, and if he was being honest, he was too. Not sleepy tired, just tired in general. It had been an emotionally exhausting past few days and he just wanted to sit down and not think for a little while.
All these little things he did, all of them, it was his way of trying to let Cas in, to open up just a little because it was the only way that he could
Honestly, he hadn’t really gone too far from where he’d been standing before, but it was far enough that if he looked back, he would no longer be able to see Cas through the thick forest.
A look of worry flashed across his face at the badge. “What is this about? Is something wrong?”
“I don’t know… I’ve tried before and nothing, he never answered.”
When Cas reached the end of the exposed skin, that didn’t stop him, he proceeded to place hot, open mouthed kisses over the tent in Dean’s sweatpants until Dean was writhing underneath him.
Once they had returned to the bunker, the two of them unloaded the Impala and put everything away. Between the two of them, they only had to make three trips, which all-in-all wasn’t too bad.
Dean rests the shovel against the railing and walks over slowly to Cas. When he reaches him, he lightly takes the coat out of his arms and places a gentle kiss on his angel's lips, a smile still plastered to his face.
He felt a pressure on his arm, feeling the warmth of Cas’ hand on his bare skin. He held his breath for a moment, before opening his eyes, blinking a few times. He brought his gaze down to where Cas’ hand was still resting on his arm and then looked up at the angel looking down at his face. A small smile appeared on his lips.
Now that his head had jumped back to the book, he couldn’t help thinking about the drawings that he had seen inside, not just the most recent one that Dean had actually caught him in the act of drawing, but the other’s from before Cas had- left… as well. Honestly, even now he was still surprised that Cas was even able to draw, let alone draw so damn perfectly, I mean how did he even learn to do that? Was it just an angel thing? Was he just able to do it naturally? Or did he have to practice and work at it for months maybe? He didn’t know, but god how he wanted to find out more, to just ask Cas about it.
Once, Dean had been singing softly, a small smile on his face, with Cas in the passenger seat and without thinking too much about it, Cas started singing along with him. Dean halted his singing at first, completely taken aback. He was probably shocked that Cas even knew the words to the song, but it passed once Cas shot him a questioning look. Then Dean started up again, both of them growing louder and louder until they were practically shouting the words out. One probably couldn’t call it singing at that point, but that moment, that moment was something they both needed. It was as if nothing else in the world mattered, it was just them, in the impala with huge goofy grins on their faces, trying to keep from being consumed by the laughter they both tried to contain.
“Good,” Cas stated, standing up fully and looking over to Dean who was only a few feet away. “So you agree then.”
There was also last night. Now that he was thinking of it, he didn’t say 'I’m going to bed' when he was trying to escape the conversation, he included Cas in that. It was an invitation for Cas to follow him to bed, to stay with him once again, even if he hadn’t explicitly said it that time. I mean, he even left the door open for Cas to follow him, he didn’t even try closing it to keep him out.
“Shut up.”
“Did, uh… you wouldn’t happen to know what happened to the sink, would you? I mean, I’m pretty sure it wasn’t like that when we got here,” he choked out with a laugh.
“Do you mind?”
Once they had disposed of the bodies, they went back to the motel to clean up. By the time they were done, it was early in the morning. It had been an all-nighter, but they really just wanted to head home so they did a slightly early checkout and piled into the impala to start the drive home. The drive was only a little over eight hours, with the few stops they made along the way, so it was just past five when they made it back. Sam had slept for a few hours during the drive, but Dean powered through so by the time they were back, he was ready to pass out.
They just stand there, holding one another for what felt like hours. Both of them finding comfort in the touch of the other.
That was Cas’ breaking point, the sight of Dean looking so wrecked, biting his lip to keep the cries from spilling out, and covered in come. This combined with how Dean was clenching around Cas even tighter now, was Cas’ undoing. With only a few more quick sporadic thrusts, Cas was coming inside of Dean, filling him up as he rode out his own orgasm.
thing.”
Castiel was watching the short interaction between the two of them from the far side of Dean, but then he walked a little closer to Sam and Eileen to greet them.
Feeling confused at this odd reaction, Dean didn’t take the time to think about it, at least not until he had some goddamn pants on. Taking full advantage of the newfound absence of observant eyes, Dean quickly pulled on the sweatpants he was still holding, before also grabbing a shirt from his duffle bag. Once he was fully dressed, Cas still hadn’t moved or spoken a word more to him, so Dean decided he should probably say something, literally anything to him to help the situation become anything better than it was right now.
“So, what’s the plan, just walk around until it decides it wants to eat us?” Dean began to chuckle. That was until he looked over at Cas and saw the glare the angel was directing at him.
With that, Castiel was just left to sit there on the floor of his room, a total mess, wondering what the hell had just happened.
“Oh trust me, I will.”
“Cas- would you just-”
Apparently, his body decided to function without the consideration of his brain then because his hand was now reaching out towards the panties, picking them up. They felt different than he imagined, and yes, he had imagined that many times since his first view of them. Not that he’d ever admit it…
A second later, Cas was gone. He flew away and was nowhere in sight.
“Morning,” Dean replied. His voice equally, if not rougher. There was a small smile on Dean’s face as he spoke, one that had been there for a few minutes now.
Cas wasn’t entirely sure where Dean’s charger was and he realized now that maybe he should’ve asked Dean if he knew exactly where it was, but it was too late now and he decided that if he couldn’t find it in a few minutes then he’d go back to ask.
“Ready?” He asked, closing the book and pushing it aside.
Cas crawled back on top of Dean, leaning down. Dean felt a hand slowly make its way around his neck at that point, curling around, squeezing slightly, just enough to disrupt his breathing. The noises that came out of Dean, the half-broken moans and whimpers, never before had Cas heard a sound so sinful, so full of pleasure. He didn’t know how to deal with that, but it turned him on even more and he couldn’t take it. He kissed Dean once before reaching out with his other hand, to find the lube he had dropped on the bed, moments ago. Single-handedly he opened the lid, with a
“Uh, Cas?” Dean asked, trying to get the angel’s attention.
"You alright?" he mumbled, his voice filled with worry, but when he noticed how Cas froze completely, he pulled his hand away. "Sorry man, I just- I'm worried."
It took a moment or two before the look of confusion on Cas’ face began to melt into one of realization and understanding.
(See the end of the chapter for
After clearing away most of his mess, Dean went off down the hallway, following the same path that Cas had taken not too long ago.
He still wasn’t sure how he had missed the fact that his best friend was gay, but maybe really hadn’t and had instead just been in denial all these years because if it were true, then that meant that any possibility of them ever becoming a
“Dean…” Cas said, his tone warning. “I need to hear you say it.”
But then again... so many of the drawings were of him. It felt strange that Cas had drawn him so many times, in so many different ways, that he had no knowledge of it at all. Dean could tell by looking at them that at least a huge chunk of them had to be from memory. Sure, there were some of Dean, where it looked like he was sleeping, and maybe he should’ve found it creepy, but he didn’t. Maybe it was because Cas had been gone for so long by the time he found them and that this seemed to be one of the only things he had left of Cas back then, or maybe it was because it reminded him of the old Cas, the Cas who’d watch him sleep, sitting or standing there unblinking. Dean knew that Cas never really stopped doing that, not entirely. There had always been times that he caught the angel watching him, startling him a little - or a lot - when he woke up, but over time, as he got to know him more and more, as he grew to care about him, to love him... Over time it felt less creepy and got to a point where maybe he didn’t actually really mind, he might’ve just pretended that he did.
"Thanks," he mumbled, his eyes lowering.
“I wanna see you,” Cas murmured, sliding his hands along Dean’s thighs and up his body. Then, he leaned in, placing a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips and then continuing down to his neck, Dean tilting his head back and to the side to give Cas better access.
“Please, Jack,” he whispered out. His eyes were filled with concern and love. Jack faltered for a moment. He knew that Cas wouldn’t ask this if it wasn’t important and for a good reason. He needed to trust him.
“Night Cas.”
“You never deserved what he put on you, Dean. What he did to you… No father should ever put his child through that, especially not you. There was nothing wrong with you, Dean, there still isn’t.”
“Yes, technically, but things change when you die and become a demon.”
“I didn’t have to be there. We are all so fortunate to have you in our lives. The whole world is lucky for that. You made this world better and saved it in so many ways. Ways that your father could never have dreamed of.”
He hoped that Cas understood what he was trying, and failing to say out loud.
It seemed like Dean didn’t need to know what exactly to do here though because Cas knew what he wanted, and he was going to take it, he was going to take control of the situation and Dean was all for it.
Cas just watched them, amused at the interaction over something so trivial. Dean noticed his smile though.
Cas wasn’t entirely sure if Dean was still wearing the panties, however, the thought alone of that being a possibility was taking over his brain. When Dean changed that morning, Cas knew that he grabbed some clothes from his bag before heading to the bathroom - the same bathroom that Cas had embarrassingly cracked a sink in, to which he still had no explanation for. He also knew that he was relatively quick with grabbing his clothes, so quick in fact, that he hardly even looked at what he was grabbing which meant he might have forgone the extra effort it would have taken to find a new pair of underwear. I mean, it is also logical to think that since Dean has only just changed into those panties last night, he would keep them on for a full day before changing. That logic was only furthered along by the fact that he knew Dean. He’d known him for years which meant that he also knew that Dean typically packed light when it came to a case so it wouldn’t be smart for him to be changing his underwear so frequently.
Dean took his time working his way up to Cas’ mouth. When he did, their lips locked together once more, with Cas biting gently, as he tugged at the hem of Dean’s shirt, lifting it up over his head. Their lips parted for only a moment and soon they were pressed together once more.
Surprisingly Dean hadn’t gotten annoyed by having a shadow, or more like two since Cas was back. Wherever he went either Cas or Miracle wasn’t far behind, sometimes both of them. If he was being honest, it was usually Cas, but he was happy to spend some time with the angel, he’d been wanting just that for the past few months and now, here he was.
“They’re not- I just-” Dean started as he began to walk closer to the angel, slowly, as if approaching a wild animal that might startle at any moment. The closer he walked, however, the more confused he got because the darkened look of Castiel’s face was becoming more apparent now. Neither one of them looked away, their gazes locked onto one another as if daring the other to look away first and admit defeat.
Dean pushed himself back so he was in a more comfortable position, while Cas knelt down and climbed on top of him.
Castiel took a step towards the man, leaning down to pick him up off the ground. John flinched away from him.
“Earth to Cas… anybody home?” Dean waves a hand in front of his face, finally catching his attention, breaking Cas out of this trance.
Once Jody had left, Claire had gotten a little quiet, as if there was something on her mind, but she wasn’t quite sure how to say it or even if she should.
It was silent for a few moments. The only sounds were of Dean chomping away at his sandwich. In between bites, Dean glanced down at his phone that was still sitting on the table. Reaching out with one hand, he picked it up and turned it on. Almost immediately, he choked on the food in his mouth, seeing where the phone opened to. It was the home screen, the picture of Cas, not the phone call app like he had expected. What started off as one startled cough, soon turned onto a fit of coughs.
Well, at least, that’s what he tried telling himself.
Sam thought he was going to pass out right then and there. That was something he NEVER wanted to hear about his brother.
some form of love as an angel, but that it was still nothing compared to what humans felt or what Dean felt.
“See that’s just rude.”
Cas nods his head, “Yes, you did one time. I had them a few other times as well and I quite enjoyed them. I remember ketchup tasting very good on them, but I still preferred honey, when of course, it was available. Fresh honey was my favorite. There was this one little honey bee farm I visited in Iowa, their honey was particularly delicious and the bees seemed peaceful...”
Dean reluctantly removed his hands from both Cas’ hand and his waist and grabbed the milk, getting ready to pour it in the bowl once Cas was done whisking the eggs.
“I was sleeping, but now I’m awake. I can’t sleep anymore. I used to spend this time with Cas sometimes, while you were both asleep, but now I’m not really sure what to do. Everything is just so different now.”
They were both silent for a few minutes, just standing there together, listening to the whimpers that echoed throughout the bunker.
Dean walked towards it and bent down “Cas…” Dean said lowly, his voice wavering as he turned around, the stuffed animal now in his hands as he showed it to Cas.
“Dean,” he said, his voice sounding lower and more rough than normal, “Stop talking.”
to talk about this in front of Sam.
Cas was looking down at the small box, avoiding Dean’s eyes as he fidgeted with a loose corner of the wrapping paper.
“Okay you got that? Why don’t you try it, just be careful not to get any eggshel-”
Cas looks at him, face becoming completely serious.
“Okay,” Dean replied, not sure of what else to say.
They talked about the movie as they went, Dean, asking Cas what he thought of it and if he liked it.
“Dean, don’t act like a child.”
“Dean…”
Dean decided to take this time alone to shower and get ready for bed. He was happy to have Cas around, but there were still a few things he preferred to do alone. Grabbing his toiletries, Dean headed to the bathroom, not wanting to wait to wash off all the dirt and sweat that had accumulated on his clothes and body throughout the day. He closed the door out of habit, but also because who the fuck leaves the bathroom door open when they shower? Weird people, that’s who.
Cas’ hand slid down off Dean’s arm, coming to rest on his knee as Dean carefully opened the box. There was a bit of tissue paper inside, hiding whatever was wrapped inside of it.
go on a case, then he wouldn’t have to bring Sam along who would no doubt be watching him at all moments of the day with that look of concern painted on his face as he called Eileen, who would probably offer to stay to watch Miracle, with updates on Dean’s condition.
“Dean I need to hear you say it, I need to hear that this is okay with you,” Cas said, leaning down to press a kiss to his shoulder this time.
“Well, you are the meat man, aren’t you.”
Dean was about to go give it a little shake when Cas quickly placed a hand on his arm, halting his movements.
Sam begged Jack to come back, he begged until his voice had gone hoarse and he couldn’t speak any longer. Tears were streaming down his face and Sam felt utterly helpless. After some time had passed, Sam gave up. Jack wasn’t coming. Sam didn’t know what to do anymore, there was nothing left, no other options. He could only try to hope that maybe Dean would get better on his own or he’d have to pray for a miracle.
Then, concern took over and Dean's hand shot forward to grab Cas'. The last time he snapped at him like that, he basically told Dean that he was suicidal, so Dean couldn't help it.
“I was just doing what needed to be done, to save heaven.”
I've edited most of this chapter fairly well, but I also really wanted to get it posted so I rushed it a bit and I'd apologize for it being a little long but like I have a feeling that nobody's gonna be complaining about that, especially when you get to the end and see what I've done. Anyway... ENJOY (I really did enjoy this chapter)
“Don’t lie to me, please.”
They spent more time at the pet store than he had meant. He only wanted to get a few chew toys for him and a new leash since the other one had, well, gotten a bit chewed up.
Rusty couldn’t have that, they couldn’t let these clowns take Dean away just when they had finally seen him. Maybe they were clowns after all… maybe they were just pretending all along, just working to conspire against Rusty. Rusty wouldn’t let them take Dean away, not now, not ever. Rusty had to save Dean from them, but they didn’t know what they could do to save Dean. Rusty couldn’t move, he was stuck to this stupid post. All Rusty could do was stay here and watch as the clowns attacked the brothers, tried to kill them.
He fumbled his hand around in his pocket, trying to get his phone out, letting out a sigh of relief when he did. Then he looked at the screen.
“Goodbye, John,” Mary spoke, no trace of sadness in her voice. “It’s time to send you back to where you belong, where you’ve always truly belonged.”
With that Dean took the few steps towards the door and opened it. He jumped in surprise, however, when he was greeted by Miracle who was excitedly jumping at his legs. Kneeling down to Miracle’s height, Dean ruffled up the fur on his face before bringing the dog into a quick hug.
“Hold on, okay! I never hit Sam, I don’t know what you heard, but I never laid a hand on that boy at least.”
Balthazar looked dumbfounded like he didn’t quite believe what Castiel was saying.
“Why? Do you really want me to stop, Dean? Because I don't think you do.”
“It’s okay, he’s not here anymore. Michael killed him and then, well, Chuck killed Michael…”
Dean was about to answer, or maybe he really wasn’t when he slid his hand that was holding his phone into his pocket, except maybe he didn’t put it in all the way because when he removed his hand, the phone came sliding out, clattering to the floor. Maybe that part hadn’t exactly been planned because sacrificing his phone intentionally was not something he would’ve chosen to do, but it turns out it wasn’t the worst thing that could’ve happened.
Cas’ response was simple. He had every intention of holding Dean to this agreement and he was pleased that he had managed to agree in the first place.
“Merry Christmas, angel,” Dean said back with a smile painted across his lips.
Also, what about all those other angels that came back? Cas said that he had known some of them, but what about the others? How could they be sure one of them wasn’t just at the very least, pissed about being dead and just wanting some payback. Cas really did have a hand in a lot of angel deaths over the years, what if-
