I’m frozen to my seat, legs suddenly lead. I should tell somebody, I should call for the doctor or Mycroft, but--
Sherlock clears his throat, face shifting from sympathetic concern to boredom. “Mycroft is out of his depth, as usual,” he says with an eye roll. Retreating to the familiar territory of annoyance with his brother, abandoning this still sensitive and raw air between us.
I have loved John Watson for longer than I can remember, and I am terrified that once the haze of relief leaves him, he will choose to leave me. He will see my dead mice and decide that he can’t tolerate my fickle affectations and quick-to-lash-out claws. He will determine that I’m just too...
.” He’s warning me, I can hear it. Perhaps if I give in to him now, later I can bargain for a more compassionate approach to helping my friend.
As he talks, his hands come up to hover above my shoulders, hesitating to touch me again after my previous rejections. My heart pounding, I rock up onto the balls of my feet and press my lips to his roughly, off center and full of teeth. His hands finally settle with digging fingernails, grasping me and pulling me against his chest as I reach up and wind my own in his hair, tugging in a show of my desperation to be closer,
Once he felt his stomach settle, John stood, pressing the heels of his hands into the small of his back, and stretched. Several vertebrae popped as he arched, and he felt his muscles loosen after being held captive for too long by Sherlock’s magic. His companion’s countenance seemed drastically changed, as he now pranced around like a proud puppy showing off the filthy abode. At the end of the tunnel was an enlarged area decorated with dead and dying branches and flowers, illuminated by dripping yellow candles that flickered and cast long dancing shadows on the ceiling. Water dropped erratically from the ceiling, collecting in the middle of the room in a deep puddle. The entire dwelling was full of muck and dirty water. It was
between us. A glance over my shoulder towards him reveals how he’s shifting restlessly, crossing and uncrossing his legs.
I nod slowly, catching his attention. “So he’s seeking the services of the world’s only consulting detective,” I reply with a false smile. He snorts in response. “When?”
The gravel of the path crunched beneath his thick, military issue boots as he strode away from the wood, knowing better than to look back at it. The mist that surrounded the treeline rose up from the sparse, dead grass and weeds at the edge of the copse like steam from a freshly-brewed cuppa, obscuring the trunks of the trees and anything that might be watching the man as he walked home.
A firm hand closed around his elbow, startling him out of the forest and jolting him back into the noisy market.
His thoughts drifted lazily in his mind, pulling apart at the seams the way they always did when he walked in the wood. Somewhere in the dark crevices he fought to ignore he heard Brodie warning him, insisting that
I did manipulate him into sleeping--he looks gaunt, malnourished, and exhausted. Judging by the creases in his shirt and the stiffness in his shoulder, he’s been sitting for the majority of his time here, watching me. Waiting for me to wake. I fiddled with the morphine tap to convince the doctorly instincts in him to relax, and feigned unconsciousness until his hand on my head stilled and fell to my shoulder. He fought against sleep, head jerking the moment he would start to drift until finally, his neglected physiological needs won out (as I predicted it would). I adjusted his position to be as comfortable as possible within the current limitations imposed by the (supremely unnecessary) monitoring devices attached to me, and have since been observing him openly.
John dances me around the room, his confidence having grown tremendously since the beginning of our lesson. It feels so natural, so comfortable that I force myself to forget
“Obviously you aren’t, John. Please, take a seat,” Mycroft replies. Was I speaking out loud? I couldn’t hear my own voice, how did he--
He narrowed his eyes, barely taking them off of me, and scratched at his unshaven cheek. “What do you want?” he asked finally, voice barely above a growl. His hair shone in the dappled light descending through the trees, a pleasant mix of gold, bronze, silver, and platinum. Such a stark contrast to the darkened bags beneath his blue-gold eyes and the greyish pallor of his skin.
Once the train reached Berlin Central Station, I was forced to collect my possessions and disembark. There are no trains to Werben, as it is such a small village. The next leg of my journey was done by horse, and felt as though it took nearly as long as the train despite not being even a third of the distance. Of course, it was exceptionally troublesome as the driver who had come to fetch me was overly talkative with very little to say. I was nearly ready to snap at him, fed up, when he mentioned the reason for my journey to the far reaches of Europe.
There’s a growl behind me and before I realize it, John has me facing him and he’s yanking his own trousers and pants down in one go, giving me an expectant expression while he does so. “Joining me?” he asks sarcastically as he stands and tugs his shirt over his head.
” as he stares down at the paper in his hands. He scratches at his eyebrow and purses his lips as he considers the meaning of it before glancing up at both myself and my brother expectantly. “Any ideas? You two are the geniuses here, clearly you’ve got something to go on.”
Sherlock, in the midst of snuffling noisily along the paper, snaps his head up as John talks. “What did you say?”
His lips set, he nods back. He’ll have John’s things moved for us before we arrive. It will be like none of the last 8 months ever happened. We will settle once again into our routine, enmeshing our lives together. Except...it won’t be
John clears his throat and continues, voice dropping to a deep rumble that I can almost feel more than hear. “
“I said I made it clear how I felt about him when I put a bullet in his kneecap, Sherlock,” comes the unwavering reply. John crosses his arms on his puffed out chest, clearly pleased with himself for this course of action. The satisfied smirk tugging at the corners of his lips crinkles the skin around his eyes. For a moment, he looks nearly happy, and it’s obvious the emotion is a stranger to him in recent months. As he watches Sherlock’s reaction, however, his smile fades and eyes darken substantially.
He pushed it back into his pocket with the pad of his thumb and grumbled to himself. Bastard was dead wrong. There was no way, no way in hell John was going to fall for this again. Last time, Sherlock promised they would get back early. Then the moment they got started, Sherlock kept coming up with more and more for them to do, until John was so enthralled he didn't even notice how late it had gotten. When he finally did see the time, Sherlock was just as engrossed as he is when he's investigating, which means John nearly had to smack the man across the face to get his attention.
“Nothing was missed, Sherlock. He’s there, I’m sure of it. Mycroft said he’s assembling a team to head there tonight and and take them out,” Lestrade argues, glancing over his shoulder at Sherlock.
He settled for a spoonful of peanut butter and a cup of instant coffee. The two flavors struggled against one another, each leaving a film on the tops of his teeth that forced him to take a few swigs of Scotch to wash it away. The burn was his tithe, rolling down his throat like fire. He took a few more, and settled in his favorite chair by the fire. Mycroft jumped into his lap and settled quickly, his large body lolling this way and that as he fell into a deep slumber.
Gathering strength from God knows where, I straighten my shoulders and tighten my grip on him. I’ve made it through worse before. I’m a Captain. I went to war,
, my ears turning hot and the back of my neck tingling. Avoiding his gaze, I nod and release his hips. “Yeah. You’re okay?” I can feel his stare on me and refuse to meet it, rubbing my forehead instead. “I’ll get the door. You have your--”
“I know,” I reply, forcing a small smile. “Meet back here in fifteen.” He presses his lips into a tight line before he hums and strides off in the direction I indicated, steps strong and purposeful.
“Don’t be mundane,” was my reply. Blue eyes flashed and he flipped me to my stomach, yanking me up to my hands and knees and barely giving me time to catch my breath before his body met mine. His teeth snapped together as he thrust into me, reminding me of his duality and claiming me as his own.
! I shout in my head, keeping my face pointed away from him lest he read my thoughts through my expression. “You don’t say?” I finally respond, voice tight with sarcasm.
here, at some point anyway. Well, or someone else who was beaten to a pulp. Some tiny part of me is ashamed that I’ve done this to another human; being a doctor, I took an oath to do no harm. Yet most of me knows it was a necessary evil, and that he deserved it for the pain and torture he put us through.
. It would seem, given his behavior earlier, that perhaps this aspect is changing? Is this why he was so uncomfortable earlier, offering increased physical connection and then quickly withdrawing it? Perhaps this is the reason for his conflicted expression throughout our conversation; he wants more from me, but he doesn’t know whether it’s acceptable to ask for it. His kisses to the inside of my wrist, my palm--they made my heart race. They were so tender and sensual, an offer of more. I was lost in the sensations--my thoughts stilled entirely, focused on only him and his lips, soft and chapped. A contradiction, the embodiment of John’s entire being.
But first, his dorm had to be set right. So, he went about it, cleaning every surface thoroughly with disinfectant with the windows thrown wide to air out the smell. As the evening chatter in the courtyard below wafted up to his room, he snatched up another piece of paper and a pen. Outside, the crickets chirped as darkness settled, and he found his rage fading. He should have written when he was proper angry, but now he had lost his steam and wanted to just sit and study.
He considers his tea, despite it being clearly too hot, and sighs. More toying with the thread beneath his fingers, more clenching and unclenching of his jaw. I make my observation of him no secret, gaping openly with the hopes that it will draw his gaze from the floor. He takes another deep breath and lets it out between his pursed lips, and finally I cannot take it anymore.
John knew them all, yet he still crossed the treeline each morning as the grey-pink fingers of dawn crept across the sky. The air was crisp and still, just shy of biting as it pricked the back of his throat and pierced his lungs on his long morning walks. Crystalline dew drops clung frozen to every surface, sparkling as the sun caught them just right. Spring was on the horizon, but the sleepy Scottish countryside seemed uninterested in participating.
I’ve been investigating Anderson’s background. Seems he wasn’t much liked in the town, as he was a bit of a braggart. Additionally, he was apparently brash, irritating, and rude to the women. The most interesting fact about him seems to be his belief in the men of the forest who wear the skin of wolves, and that it indeed what he was hunting in the first place.
In retrospect, he was a bit harsh. But he also knows Sherlock doesn't always take no for an answer. Hence, the buzzing in his pocket.
” he gasps out, his eyes squeezed shut. Nipping the side of his neck, I encircle him tightly with my hand in response. He cries out, his muscles pulled taut as he continues to hold himself above me while bucking into my fist, fucking himself on me. His breath comes in short pants as he nears orgasm, huffing hotly in the air between us. A drop of sweat falls from his forehead onto my neck and rolls down along my jugular.
John could barely tear his eyes away from the pictures on his phone long enough to acknowledge his friend. Weaving through the seats, he stopped dead in front of the spot Mike had saved for him and took another long look at the screen.
I’m drowning, lungs burning and fingers tingling. My chest won’t expand, so I’m gasping and my thoughts are swirling, a million images of him flooding my mind.
John sighs, his eyes tired. “Those things Moran said…,” he trails off, frowning. He searches for the words he wants, biting the inside of his bottom lip and looking out the window. “I don’t...I mean, it’s...he was--”
“Sherlock, don’t be a child,” my brother replies nastily, his hands on his hips and a scowl on his freshly bruised face. A dribble of blood courses slowly down from the gash on his cheekbone, its trail interrupted by the wrinkles around his pursed lips. If I was less irritable from exhaustion and the after-effects of emotional duress, I might feel badly for him. As it stands, I just need him to
, however, is the fact that no one seemed keen on sharing the identity of the man with me. In such a small village, most certainly the various men I asked knew exactly of whom I spoke, and were instead keeping the man’s name from me purposely. What they have to hide about him, I do not know, but it won’t take me long to find out.
It's the most genuine smile he's given me since I've returned, and it turns my thighs into jelly. In all of the scenarios I predicted, I never thought about how much he would affect
2: He was not a well-liked man, known for being rude and brash with most of the people in the village. Not many of the townspeople are mourning his loss, though they
John pauses outside the door, shooting me a questioning look. I nearly ask him whether he brought his gun, but catch myself by biting my tongue nearly hard enough to draw blood.
As they wove through the swarms of students leaving evening classes, John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. He glanced back, and was met with a broad, enthusiastic grin. Sherlock smiled back, feeling his heart lift with joy, and increased his speed back towards his dorm.
I glance back down at John, who is shuddering on the floor, trapped between my thighs while I sit on his arse. The fight is gone from him--here lies a broken man. He doesn’t need sedation; he needs to heal. He needs comfort. Most of all, he needs Sherlock to wake up.
I lean in again, nipping at the exposed skin just above his shirt collar. “Problem?” I ask before tracing the line of his jugular up to his jawline. An involuntary gurgle escapes his mouth as his eyes slide shut, breath catching again.
The wind howled like an injured animal, whipping fat snowflakes through the trees as John drove home. They swirled in his headlights, accumulating on the ground so quickly the road became icy before he made it halfway to the cabin.  His tires slid as he turned up the driveway, kicking the end of his truck around in a fishtail. John clutched the steering wheel as the vehicle righted itself, brakes shuddering as he stopped on the side of the house.
The reply is nearly instantaneous; John’s clearly disconnecting from Sherlock’s intensity by checking emails and reading the news on his mobile. I can hardly blame him. Sherlock’s black moods are all encompassing and rarely leave those around him unscathed, regardless of their involvement with him.
Perhaps Watson was right--he may have been deranged. Upon further consideration, it seems these “men” that the people here are afraid of may actually be shapeshifters of a sort. I am disinclined to believe in such fairy tales. There is no logical explanation for such a creature, and no one seems able to provide hard evidence or data on the subject. I remain, therefore, skeptical.
A flick of his hand, dismissive. “An hour.” He glances at his wrist watch and purses his lips, “Well, 47 minutes at this point. Downstairs.” The expression on his face changes from put-upon inconvenience to uncertainty as he considers his next sentence. Years of living with Sherlock taught me to notice body language, and it’s clear he isn’t sure he wants to tell me something.
A hand wrapped itself, possessive, around John’s throat. The long-nailed fingers pressed into the thin skin of his neck, tips resting on his pulse point. The scotsman let his eyes slide shut, praying to the God he’d lost faith in that this creature would have mercy on him. That whatever awaited him in the wood would be better than the misery he was attempting to flee.
Against my better judgment, I followed him, demanding, “Tell me how you came by that strap, Watson.”
Mary. The smile yanking at the corners of his lips gave it away. An old lover, perhaps? Or a crush? Curious.
The cat pushed his face into John’s, bumping his forehead against the man. “Mrow?” he replied too loudly, making John wince.
The stroll about the market was curious. At first, it seemed the townspeople went about their usual business, selling their wares and haggling with each other for favors or goods. However, I noticed a peculiar trend as the morning approached midday in that every stall run by the men of the town packed up their items well before the usual end of the market in the early afternoon. Those with female vendors stayed open, or the women split their attention between their stands and neighboring ones if the men had to leave. By lunch, all of the men were gone from the marketplace except myself. I asked a young woman at the stand I was purchasing my meal from about it, and she looked to the center of town at the church, then shook her head. We finished our transaction and as I was about to find a seat to enjoy my food, the bells of the church rang out.
I meet his eye briefly before looking towards Sherlock, watching his chest flutter up and down. “A statement? Look, it was self-defense. You can see me, you know what he did to me. He had just shot Sherlock, what was I supposed to do?”
He shook his head and rolled onto his side, letting the blankets bunch up at his chest. Gripping a fistful, he buried his face into the down pillow he took from his grandmother’s house all those years ago and scowled, fighting the sting in the corners of his eyes.
” My hand flails in a vague gesture towards him as I clear my throat and avert my eyes, protecting myself from his inevitable rejection.
Above him, a crow called to its mate, which responded in kind. The wind pulled at the branches of the trees, a harsh whistle that reminded him of where he was.
“Brother mine, it’s rude to ignore the Detective Inspector of New Scotland Yard when he calls,” he replies smoothly. “We need to talk, Sherlock. I hope I haven’t found you in a...compromising position.”
Today it was a dark, bespoke number, tailored to hug every curve, with perfectly cut sleeves and trousers to match his lanky frame. The crisp, white shirt was open at the collar, as it always was, teasing a peek at the porcelain skin of the man’s throat. In contrast, his dark auburn brown curls bounced around his head as he walked toward John, forever wild and untamed yet somehow perfectly coiffed. As always, John’s gaze lingered on the stranger’s face, tracing over his prominent cheekbones and drinking in his crystal clear eyes.
It’s been absolutely delightful receiving your letters. The case you’ve described sounds dreadful indeed--exactly the kind of adventure I would expect you to enjoy. I am eager to learn of your interactions with the man at the marketplace. He sounds intriguing, the type you might pursue out of pure curiosity alone.
Mycroft returns with the doctor and a few nurses, who immediately descend on Sherlock to start removing the myriad of tubes and wires. I clench my fists at my sides, willing my rage at their intrusion to subside.
. Read me your letters. Tell me how it hurt you. Maybe after you tell me, we can put all of this behind us and start over. We don’t have to hide from each other anymore, once this is done. I want you to stop blaming yourself for what’s happened and finally begin to heal,” I plead, holding his letters in outstretched arms between us.
I meet his gaze again, letting my protective mask fall off my features. I want him to see what I’m thinking, see what I’m feeling right now. I can’t find the words to tell him, but maybe he’ll observe it all in the tightness of my cheeks and the pain behind my eyes. I press my lips together, holding him inside the whirlwind with me until finally--
If I could crawl under the table without seeming like a child, I absolutely would just to hide from her mischievous stare. Coughing, my brain finally comes back online with a suitable way to change the topic of conversation away from the fact that I’m shagging my flatmate. “Mycroft, he told you about what’s going on, yeah?” I ask, reaching for another slice of bread. “Let us answer if anyone rings, and try to stay home as much as you can, okay? They had you as a target once, they may do it again.”
“You’ve killed plenty of people, John, and none of them were worth this existential crisis, especially not these two.”
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock murmured as he handed John his backpack. “Now, say your goodbyes so you’re not late for maths.”
My palms are clammy and sweating, the back of my neck prickling with the creeping heat of embarrassment at my confession. I shut my eyes and inhale shakily through my nose, fingers trembling against my hip bones. When I look back at him, part of me is surprised he hasn’t fled the bathroom yet. The other part knows he’s rooted to the spot, terrified.
“You’re a prat for being you,” I counter with a yawn, words expanding awkwardly in my open mouth. He rolls his eyes, petulant.
“Doctor Watson here had an accident and has multiple injuries that need to be treated. You know who I am, I take it?” Mycroft asks, a false smile gracing his lips. The woman nods vigorously. “He will be seen immediately, then. Expenses can be placed under my account.”
John coughs and frowns, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sherlock, I told you. It was dark, damp, and disgusting. Like
The whisper curled around John’s ear, tendrils tickling him as he startled and looked for the source. Seeing none, he nodded at his newly refreshed beer and tapped his fingers on the counter.
Why won’t he wake up? What is going on? I don’t understand, he should have woken up by now. His injury was serious, yeah. He lost a lot of blood. But he should have woken up by now and--
to see me. My blood sings in my veins, an involuntary grin drawing my lips up until my cheeks ache. He mirrors me, a genuine smile gracing those perfectly shaped lips. His eyes, fully open and focused, gloss over with the intensity of the moment.
John Watson’s limp is psychosomatic. I’m positive. He kept pace with me, feet slapping the asphalt as we ran, hand brushing mine while we crowded through narrow alleyways.
eyes glinting in the incandescence from above. His sandy blonde hair was disheveled, large chunks sticking in all directions as watched me curiously, his head cocked to the side. He was totally different from Moriarty in every way--where Moriarty always looked tailored and posh, Moran seemed to be opposite, both in appearance and personality.
I stare up at him and notice the light blush creeping up his cheeks, as well as his very pointed gaze at my hand wrapped around his torso. I follow his eyes and realize I’ve been absentmindedly stroking his side, palm running over his ribs and down to his hip before retracing its path back up again.
His hand tightens on mine, thumb stroking the back of my hand firmly. “I don’t know--Sherlock, I…,” he sighs, frustrated with himself. He has told me time and again that he isn’t comfortable expressing himself, that he isn’t good with
When nothing came to him and the black spots started crowding his vision, one thought surfaced above the fog.
Sherlock returned to the pipette and test tube on his desk after John finished dressing, huffing out a sigh. “You’ll do fine,” he said, bored. “In fact, I predict a 94%.”
,” he states, more to himself than me. His eyes slide shut, breath thready through his flared nostrils while he processes.
Wild black curls fell about the man’s face, a stark contrast to the ivory skin stretched tight over his sharply defined cheekbones and jawline. Piercing blue eyes peered curiously at John as the man cocked his head to the side, a wrinkle appearing between his eyebrows. The scotsman felt trapped by the other man’s gaze, their eyes locked as he mirrored his movements. His thoughts drifted apart, the fog he was already so accustomed to flooding his senses and obscuring anything but the otherworldly man in front of him.
As I went through these ritualized motions of self care, the flutter of anxiety settled behind my ribs. It felt like I was getting ready for something, like...a date.
, Sherlock,” he begs. I can feel it surge through my body, weakening my knees and making my stomach churn. He’s been through so much--
. I’m not asking you to have intercourse with me immediately. Despite my overwhelming pride and frankly impressive physical prowess, it
“You need to rest,” I state firmly, willing my voice to be still. I can feel the weight of his eyes on me, pinning me to the stairs. I know he’s searching for evidence, watching me. Finding all the clues that give me away. Picking apart my defenses, peering into the darkest parts of me.  “Let’s just--we have a long way to go,” I add, begging him to just
, just let him go and we can go talk, mate,” Greg pleads. “There’s a perfectly good explanation for all of this…,” he trails off, surely watching me for signs of continued aggression.
There was no heat there, no fire, yet it felt raw and tender to the touch. Glancing at Brodie, who was staring in surprise, John took a breath and made the decision.
“Watson? Something more interesting on your phone than on your test?” the professor called out, making John jump a mile in his seat.
. Were there.” This is fucking embarrassing, but we don’t have time for my shame. Raking my fingers through my hair, I sigh and continue, “Anyway, we got right pissed, and then he put me in a cab for my flat and I left. I don’t remember much after that. I think I...maybe had a few more? I didn’t go right to sleep, I remember…,” I trail off as hazy images pass through my mind.
But...the Work. The Work comes first, and he knows it. We both know it, even though neither of us wants to admit it right now. The urge to abandon everything, lock the door, and sweep him up into my arms is overwhelming. Oh, John. There has never been anything on this planet to rival the Work, and yet
“John, I think you need help, but I don’t think going back to a psychiatric hospital is the way. I want to help, but I need you to tell me the truth. When we were looking for you, we found a letter you wrote to Sherlock that made it sound like…” Pausing, I rub the back of my neck, trying to come up with the words. Finally, I settle on being straightforward--John doesn’t appreciate things being sugar-coated. “It made it sound like you are having hallucinations. Of Sherlock. And earlier, the way you were talking, it seems like...maybe you’re feeling a bit paranoid. Now, I don’t blame you--you’ve been through a lot, anyone would feel like you do right now. But it’s getting dangerous for you and everyone else, and we need to do something about it before it gets out of hand.” My throat feels tight as I consider the possibilities of his continued decompensation. John Watson is deadly when he’s got his head on straight--I hate to imagine what might happen in a fit of severe psychosis.
remove the parka and vest from him and throw it as far away as I can manage, breath shallow and quick in my own ears while my heart continues to race. I was losing him, and it was
,” Sherlock said again, curling his finger to beckon John closer. “Hamish,” he murmured, a smirk gracing his Cupid's bow lips. “Stay with me. This is your home now.”
I hold his gaze for a moment, feeling the weight of the still unsaid words between us, and force a small smile before turning towards the kitchen to make tea. As I walk between the back of my chair and the kitchen table, I’m shocked to see piles of mail covering it.
John Watson, the love of my life and best friend in all the world, is standing in front of me entirely nude,
“Okay. Good. Let’s get some rest. We both need it if we’re going to catch that bastard tomorrow,” he whispers, voice nearly drowned out by the thunderstorm ravaging London.
“Of course I expected this, Sherlock. The doctor indicated you would wake soon, and I knew once you did Dr. Watson would finally allow himself to rest,” Mycroft replies coolly, making a show of picking a piece of lint off his suit sleeve.
The mug clunks as it hits the coffee table. The leather crinkles beneath me as I settle. Sherlock sighs as he rests his head on my lap. And I breathe as I place one hand in his curls, stroking them gently while I drink my tea.
“Love some. Thanks, John,” he quips at me, a glint of life finally flashing in his gaze. He glances quickly up the stairs, clearly indicating his expectation that I’ll jump to his request.
If John knew we were out here discussing his mental and medical health without him, he would be furious. My thoughts flash back to him beneath me, fighting back after he nearly broke Mycroft’s arm.
. This...it's so confusing and hard to explain.” He drops his head into his hands, fingers scraping along his scalp a few times before he throws his head back again in frustration with himself.
wins. I can make out his fuzzy outline through the shower door as he walks over, the toilet seat clunking when he plops down. The sound of the shower again fills the room, occasionally broken as I run my fingers over my head and the water falls to the tub with a splat.
Behind him, he heard the low, whining growl of Mycroft, then a hiss. He turned to stare at the cat. He was peering into John's darkened bedroom, his hackles stiff and ears flattened onto his head.
“I think I knew I was drugged.” He doesn’t need to know about my letters, about how they were the only thing tethering me to this planet while he was dead. They’re gone, now, anyway. Best to keep them that way. “Greg was probably drugged too. They must have had someone planted in the pub.” He stares at me curiously, head cocked to the side, before gesturing for me to continue with a flick of his fingers. “I don’t remember when they grabbed me...maybe…”
We fell, exhausted, to the floor of his shack, filling it with the sounds of our quickened breaths. As my vision cleared, the cap I had snatched up earlier caught my attention from the corner of the room, and I reached for it.
After dancing for nearly an hour and exhausting the playlist I’d prepared, we pull apart for a break.
I’m not in the warehouse, I’m at the hospital. I blink again, willing the disturbing vision of my captor to fade, and see
This office is a pigsty--rubbish everywhere, filthy water collecting in puddles wherever the floor is cracked or uneven, rust on most of the metal surfaces. In the corner, there’s a pile of soiled clothing and gauzes, stained brown from dried blood. Moran
Sherlock, completely absorbed in the details of the case and therefore ignoring his companion, continues forging onward, flying through his racing thoughts with alarming speed. “Moran is clearly targeting you, John. Initially, he was only interested in you because of your connection with me and the correct assumption that he could use you as bait to lure me out of hiding. Now, however, he is hyperfocused on you, whether because of your assault on him or some other unknown reason linked to your time together. It looks as though he will continue to threaten you until he enacts whatever revenge he feels you deserve. But what of this letter?
right. As he made progress, he was inevitably interrupted, so he kept track by tearing the edge of his tee.
Moran is sucking provocatively on his thumb now, a small dribble of blood colored spit slinking lazily down his chin.
Dawn broke, sending golden beams through the window of his our bedroom, and I woke with one thought.
Rolling onto my stomach, I press my face into the down-stuffed pillow and inhale the complex scents of Sherlock’s hair product, the musky sweet smell of sweat, and the lingering aroma that is distinctly
John’s muffled, rhythmic snoring somehow softens the cacophony of electronic noises in the room--constant beeping from the heart monitor, gushes of air, the base hum of several cooling fans, and the dripping from the IV. Without his comfortable, relaxed tempo of breath, these sounds would easily drive me to insanity. They are incessantly irritating, but I find them tolerable with his presence. In fact, hearing them now makes me realize how much I have come to rely on them as a source of comfort, and how much I missed them in my time away.
As I’m internally flipping through a stack of files, looking for the London boltholes that I’ve already tied to the criminal network, I’m startled back to my surroundings by a firm hand on my forearm. Blinking rapidly to clear my vision, my eyes finally focus on John, standing in front of me.
Beta_Jawn drew this stunning piece of our boys finally having a kiss together. Look at Sherlock's naked bum! And John's gorgeous Disney Prince hair! I'm dying, y'all.
the next time as he walked towards the man, having completely forgotten about the moldy food in his dorm. Shoving his phone into his rugby bag, John put on his best smile and walked directly up to his quarry, stopping him dead in his tracks as they nearly bumped into each other.
"What does he need it for?"  I asked. Lestrade shrugged, throwing the hot iron into his water and filling the shop with steam. It was then that I gave up and left, bidding him good morning.
Taking a deep breath through my sleeve, I turn to leave the storeroom. To me, there isn’t much to see in here. I’m sure my partner will want to look it over, but it’s the office that has the most information in my opinion. I’ll text him to let him know that this is the one, and then I’ll wait while he gathers what he needs. What I wouldn’t give for a couple fingers of single malt scotch when we get home…
John pulled his eyes open, the lids sticking to each other as if he had been caught in a deep sleep. Unease settled in his abdomen, making him queasy as he looked slowly around him. The world was a blur as he blinked the haze from his eyes. Dense fog settled in his head, pulling his thoughts adrift as he surveyed his surroundings. Around him sat the circle of stones at the beginning of the forest path. He was shocked to find himself in the center of it. Usually he avoided such places, believing the lore of the town more than he’d like to admit.
“John--,” I start, trying to focus my pinging thoughts into something coherent. “I…” None of my thoughts sound
Another cough catches my attention. Lingering effects from the intubation. When I meet his stare, the intensity and depth of feeling pins me to my seat. “You...you didn’t believe it was me,” he says, voice catching. “You thought...you were so…,” Sherlock trails off, chin trembling with suppressed tears. Despite his roughshod appearance, he looks so young and vulnerable like this. His eyes are wide and wet, eyebrows knitted together and lips downturned in a pout.
Well, it may not be all John Watson right now, but somewhere in there is a doctor, an army captain, and more importantly a mate. Suddenly, I remember an aunt of mine who suffered from psychosis and refused to take her medications because she was paranoid, so the psychiatrist was able to prescribe her an injectable that helped her stay on an even keel. Why wouldn’t the same work for John? Molly said it herself--he had been hallucinating. I may not be a doctor, but I’ve seen enough psychotic symptoms to know when they’re happening.
Dropping my arms from him, I nod. “I understand.” He won’t let me go, though. He won’t let me step away. It’s a mixed message, and it confuses me.
for him. Technically, I died for him. (I would do it again, in a much more permanent fashion, if required.) What could he possibly want from me that would cause such anxiety? He already asked me to be his best man, already asked me for assistance with planning his wedding (
I hated it--it felt like an invasion of privacy, a violation of my personal rights in some way--while it simultaneously increased my admiration of his abilities. He was rarely wrong, which proved especially infuriating. Now, though, the Sherlock of my mind doesn’t have to rely on observation to guess at my thoughts, and it tries my patience. However, I’m too tired and annoyed to comment on it today, so I shake my head and leave it be.
. He must be regretting ever letting me borrow his phone at Barts. A single, horrible, life-changing decision that has led us to
John cursed, writhing and wriggling in an attempt to free himself. “Lit me go!” he demanded. “Lit me go, ur I’ll leave ye.”
The gleam in John’s eye tells me everything I need to know before he acts. Within moments, I’ve yanked his arms away from Mycroft, pinning them behind his back and clicking my handcuffs around his wrists before he can do something he will regret later. He struggles against me, a thick snarl twisting out of his mouth and the undercurrent of half-uttered curses filling the hospital room.
Those four words nearly take my feet out from under me. The intensity behind them, the ferocious truth of just how far we have to go to find some kind of homeostasis between us, in this new version of our lives--it fills my chest with such an ache. A wish for the future, fear of what it might bring but hope that it will be what we want and need.
“What?” he snaps defensively. Obviously responding to the smirk I don’t bother keeping from him as I let my eyes linger for a moment too long on John’s neck. “Mycroft!” he barks angrily. A glance back at him reveals the creep of vasodilation high on his cheekbones, his fingers tapping nervously on his knees. I flash him a knowing smile and reach over my seat towards Anthea; now is not the time to tease my little brother. There’s a war to be fought.
ought to consume this evening. Though it appeared rather fresh, I declined and strode away, irritated.
John stands still, uncertain, his mouth gaping as he struggles internally. I can see that he wants to snatch the letters up and flee. My stomach twists, awaiting his decision, and I know that even if he did take them I would do everything in my power to get them back.
, even. The thought sparks something inside me as Mycroft turns to leave, a storm of doubts and worries about this new version of our...relationship.
So I watch him hide from the beast I’ve created, the monster inside of me that threatens to consume him whole, to shred him to bits. He hides, and
John shakes his head gently, no doubt considering my childish behavior. “Greg’s a good man,” he adds, clearing his throat. His voice is tight, nearly choked up with emotion as his fingers twine further with mine. The adrenaline fueled shock of the past hour is wearing off, replaced with the intensity of the events and the overwhelming emotional impact they had on us all. Considering John’s recent trauma, this evening must have been particularly challenging for him.
“John...are you...how can I…,” he trails off, face softening into something like pity as he stares at me. I feel the familiar flare of anger at feeling so vulnerable and shrink in on myself. If I could collapse into the space between my ribs I would, just to hide from that stare.
He continues stroking me slowly, almost torturously, until my muscles are tight and trembling and my thighs are quivering, the tension causing shockwaves to shoot in all directions from my injury, yet I’m too far gone to care. Unable to get a full breath, I’m reduced to a panting mess by his wicked hand on my cock and delicious mouth alternating between my nipples, whines and whimpers the only sounds I’m capable of making as he tears me apart. Finally, I feel the familiar flutters of building orgasm low in my abdomen, my balls heavy until suddenly,
“Sherlock!” I hear one last time before the door slams behind John, who makes his way up next to me, his arm brushing against mine as he stands close. The back of his hand, warm despite the cold February temperatures, touches me, his fingers gently lacing themselves between mine, sharing their heat. Softening my shoulders, I allow myself to lean on him slightly.
Lestrade groans, standing still and rubbing a hand over his face. “You know that doesn’t count,” he nearly whines, frustration and exhaustion catching up with him.
He glanced over at his roommates’ desk, which looked like a bomb of moldy bread had gone off in the middle of it, and shuddered. There were papers strewn everywhere, hanging off the shelves above the desk and scattered around on the floor. It was a pigsty, and John hated it. Maybe he
I lower his hand back to the bed and pat it once before letting go entirely, returning my own hands to my lap. His eyelids drag open, gaze distant as it settles on his hand.
Again, my heart aches at his vulnerability. I cough to cover my discomfort before croaking out, “Yeah, Sherlock, okay. I...I promise. I promise I won’t ever do
Scanning the road for cabs, I smile, enjoying this soft moment between us and hoping there aren’t any idiots nearby who will interrupt us. “Of course I do. This is more fun,” I comment into his hair, inhaling his complex scent.
The pale faced man cocked his head to the side, eyes unblinking as he examined John. He looked over every inch of him, and the scotsman had the distinct feeling of being dissected, bit by bit. He shivered, thinking of his nightmare, and gulped down a whimper. His feet began to ache as he stretched his toes to the ground, still trying to keep some semblance of control. It was futile, and he knew it. He tried anyway.
filling the quiet space. John stepped inside and glanced over at the fireplace. The log he had thrown on it before leaving for the wood was burned to embers, bright and beautiful red orbs glowing in the hearth. Cocking his head to the side, he shrugged to himself. He hadn’t thought he’d been gone long enough, but perhaps it was an extra dry log. On the hearthstones in front of the fireplace laid Mycroft, purring in his sleep as he rolled onto his side.
There is a singular inn in the village, a quaint establishment with breathtaking knotty pine paneling and a roaring fireplace flanked by well worn armchairs on the main floor. Once I informed the innkeeper of my arrival (he knew at once who I was, of course; not many visitors in this area of Germany, I gather) and the errand boy delivered my luggage, I took the liberty of relaxing at the fire with a glass of their finest port. It was a welcome libation after such long and arduous travel--the perfect companion for my frazzled nerves and well-packed pipe. There aren’t many people staying at the inn, so I spent my time with my thoughts tucked safely away in my Mind Palace, reviewing the letter I received requesting my assistance and creating my plan for investigation.
As he planted his hands to the forest floor, there was a flash of shadow in the corner of his eye, darting behind him. He turned quickly to look, and found nothing.
He nods in understanding, but refuses to move from the door. I suppose the flat does look dramatically different. The chairs we usually occupy are in my bedroom, along with their tables. I rolled up the rug (dancing on hardwood is best, of course) and stashed it in the corner behind the couch. The table proved to be the most troublesome, as it required some disassembly in order to remove it from view. A final circuit around the periphery was all I needed to contain the rest of the clutter in a few boxes that I stowed upstairs in John’s old room along with the table and chairs. It took no less than two hours to complete the job, despite Mrs. Hudson’s best efforts at interrupting me more than a few times. (She cannot seem to help herself, prying incessantly at the reasoning behind my bizarre behavior. I dared not disclose it, for John’s sake.)
Unconsciously, I lean towards him, mouth brushing against the outer shell of his ear, and murmur, “I don’t mind.” He shivers and closes his eyes, breath caught in his lungs. The effect I’m having on him is obvious, yet I find myself looking down for visual confirmation. His jeans are stretched taut across his groin, and the sight of it wrenches a moan from me, rumbling low in my belly. As I pull back to look at him, his eyes are still squeezed shut, a pained expression across his features. “John.”
The pair seemed destined to cross paths, and John wasn’t complaining. He seemed to be John’s age, if not slightly younger, but he was dressed to the nines every day as if he was going to a Fortune 500 company meeting.
I’m unable to follow the line of thought as there’s a quiet knock at the main door of the room, signalling Greg’s entrance. There’s a heavy pinch of weariness around his eyes, and his jaw is set.
Sherlock’s razor sharp gaze flicks to mine, eyes unblinking. “He doesn't want us leaving Baker Street right now.” He says this carefully, quietly, as if afraid he might spook me.
“Sherlock,” John murmurs, bringing me out of my head. (Always so good at that.) His voice is serious, thick with something I don’t want to notice or name.
I feel the blood drain from my face at the name, flashes from a few nights ago filling my thoughts. Briefly, I hear the sound of his fist connecting with my cheek, the overwhelming pain exploding through my bones as I collapse to the filthy floor...
Throughout our exchange, the Detective Inspector’s head swiveled back and forth between us, the audience to our sparring. “2200,” he responds slowly, eyes flicking to me with an unspoken question. I nod once, huffing noisily through my nose in irritation. “You
After a simple breakfast, I decided to gather what supplies I could and head to the forest on the edge of town. If the villagers were afraid of the forest, and Anderson had disappeared there, it only made sense to investigate it myself. The innkeeper, upon hearing my plan, shook his head with so much force he nearly lost the glasses perched on the tip of his nose.
He grabbed the closest piece of paper he could find that wasn’t covered in filth and scratched out a note.
Better to just focus on the exam and forget about those pictures on his phone, forget about Sherlock’s proposition from this morning. Forget about Sherlock’s knee between his own and the hand snaking up the bottom of his jumper.
That word, so often uttered by my companion, used to incite feelings of frustration at the arrogance behind it. Now, I know better--it’s a mask, a front to hide how unsure he feels. For Sherlock Holmes,
, as always. He snorts, lips pursing in mild annoyance at my petulance, but there’s something else there. A softness in his cheeks, the barest hint of a tremble in his chin. He swallows, and for a moment I can see through the carefully constructed mask.
“Well of course I moved the furniture. You don’t expect us to dance while tripping over side tables, do you?”
. I brushed it off, made it a joke, but later that evening when he arrived at the theatre my heart leapt uncomfortably, hammering in my throat. I told myself it was anger because he was disrupting
He growls and throws his head back. I dodge, thrusting my knee into the hollow behind his to force him to buckle to the floor. He drops harshly with a thud. I’m on him immediately, using all of my weight to drive him flat and then he’s writhing beneath me, tears streaming down his face while I restrain him.
, and it left me in a place I don’t think you want to know about. Mary was a solution to that, a way out of the void. She made my dead world start blooming again, in small ways. And then, you wanker, you
Rouge quickly colored Sherlock’s pale cheeks, accenting his cheekbones. “Not…,” he paused to clear his throat. “Not
Though I cannot see him clearly, I can feel John’s rage through the flex in his calves. He’s refusing to engage. I’ve seen this exact posturing many times before, usually when I’ve made a particularly
“So?” Sherlock asked as he returned to peer in John’s face. “Your turn, mortal,” he reminded, tapping the end of his long, pale finger on the scotsman’s nose. A glare was all he received in return. “A
His gaze meets mine, eyes steely as his hand curls into a fist on his thigh. “Sherlock, it doesn’t matter. I’m supposed to be a doctor. They were
Sherlock (like I do) or they all hate him. Not Moran, though. He wanted to kill Sherlock until he met me, and now he’s
I receive a sideways glare in response. “And do what? Watch me?” His tone is petulant; embarrassed. He knows this will be a struggle, and he doesn’t want an audience. If I wasn’t so concerned about the effects a fall would have on him, I’d give in and head upstairs to make tea, as asked. However, while my intellect may pale in comparison to his, it certainly doesn’t mean that I’m stupid. There’s no way I’m leaving him here alone to hurt himself, as he inevitably would.
The wind howled as he opened the door, pulling him out into it before he realized what was happening. He marveled at the black sky, having never seen such fury on the Highlands before. The tingle of the liquor in his blood made itself known by buckling his knees and dragging his vision, but he blinked and shook his head to clear the haze. Ahead of him, the forest was alive, swaying and bending trees seemingly connected like the hairs on the back of a giant animal. Fighting against the storm, he strode ever closer, his mind despondent and blank.
Being a genius has only a few downfalls, one of those being a social ineptitude that naturally accompanies a hyperfocus on intellectualizing. Though it is true that I am capable of considering multiple ideas at a time, I have a tendency to focus on things relevant to advancing my own knowledge of the world, especially in relation to a case. Short version: I think too much and ignore the people around me. (Especially their emotions, my
John considered turning to look behind him, but he knew the stories. Instead, he squeezed his eyes shut, breath whistling sharply through his nostrils as he awaited his fate. The air around him danced, pulling at his trouser legs and picking up the hem of his coat playfully. He heard the snap of a nearby twig, barely audible above the pounding of his blood in his ears, and held his breath. The pain in his wrist returned, the fog in his mind from the disembodied voice clearing as his arm wrenched a final time. He let out a final shout, his raspy yell echoing off the nearby trees.
I struggle to my feet and stagger towards the door, unlocking it so I can whip it open. The street is empty outside the flat, no sign of John.
. It doesn’t matter that we aren’t saying them aloud, not in this moment. We are holding them between us, secrets that we share only with each other like the quiet, warm puffs of breath shared in the dense silence of a night beneath silken sheets.
a distraction last night. We both did. His sanity was bordering on mania, stuck in his Mind Palace searching for solutions without nearly enough data and playing a harsh, wretched-sounding piece on his violin. The theme song to his desperation. Watching him made me a bit sick, even though I’ve seen him like this a million times before and I expect I’ll see him like it a million more times. Last night was different, so different, though.
“Moran,” I finish for him, my voice thick with venom. At the name, John’s head snaps down to stare at me, eyes wide with fear.
Returning the favor? Of promising never to leave him? My chest feels broken open at the thought of whatever misguided perception he has of me and my commitment to him. “But Sherlock, I’ve never left you,” I argue, adrenaline making its way through my body with both excitement and anger at his request.
Sherlock is trying so hard to be what I need him to be, and my heart feels like it’s breaking open as I stare at him, the realization washing over me. He’s standing in front of me, expression tender and loving despite his sharply tailored suit and perfectly placed curls, begging me to trust him without speaking. It’s in his actions, in his body language, in his eyes. He’s still Sherlock Holmes, the insufferable, petulant man-child who will wreck our flat in search of his cigarettes or in the throes of a particularly challenging case; but now, right now, he’s my lover, and my friend.
my investigation had been because he had already found whatever could be found. After I drained my tea, I informed him that in fact I
Tendrils of cool air licked at John’s exposed skin from the tunnel behind him, beckoning him to safety. He dragged his feet in the dirt, feeling the rise of the hill behind him at his heels. “Sherlock, humans need mair than jist air,” he explained, anger twisting in his stomach into something more painful, something more
Oxytocin: the endogenous hormone responsible for love and bonding, released during orgasm, after giving birth, etc
The door to the shower slides open suddenly. Blinking away the water running into my eyes, I look up at John’s strong figure framed in the doorway for a moment, the light from the ceiling behind him casting a shadow on his face and highlighting the broad sweep of his shoulders.  His firm hands reach down to hook under my armpits pulling me into a seated position against the wall. He turns off the shower and brings his attention back to me, his gaze quickly scanning my body for damage. His eyes linger briefly on my injured and bleeding shoulder and pointedly avoids my groin while he assesses. I don’t bother to hide the effect his stare has on me, desire curling low in my abdomen and settling between my legs.
John, being a soldier and a doctor, would have seen fit to follow his orders and trust the professional giving them to him.
.” My thoughts whirred to life, considering the multitude of possibilities that could create such a creature. Though my heart pounded painfully behind my ribs, the evidence of something beyond that which science has identified outweighed any emotions I may have felt as I stared at the wolf-man.
“Are you alright?” I demand angrily. I’ll kill Moriarty for this, I’ll kill him for trying to use John to get at me, knowing how important he is to me. It must be transparent--I would do anything for him, and I swallow the self-loathing I have for such an admission. Mycroft would be disappointed in me if he ever knew.
John seems like he might be happy this way. Or, at the very least, not depressed. The last time I saw him truly happy, it was after we had solved the Baskerville case. We returned to the inn in Dartmoor after helping Henry get home, and John immediately ordered us a couple of pints and plopped down in one of the wing chairs by the fire. He gestured with his head at the seat across from him and smiled at me, his shoulders dropping with relief.
Apologies for the delay. I've not been feeling well, and I received some nasty comments from a few readers on this story which totally took the wind out of my sails. For those that have been supportive and following the story, thank you for your kind comments and encouragement!
With a grin, John knelt down. Tongues immediately found his face, licking him everywhere as long-nailed paws pressed into his thighs. “You’re all such good puppies,” John said quietly, hands roaming from head to head as he tried to give each dog a few good scratches and pets. “Such
“Whit is thes?” He swallowed, feeling suddenly nauseous. Everything was wrong. He looked to the left, and began seeing everything he had been ignoring since he woke up in the stone circle in the wood. The wallpaper was the wrong color, but only off by a few shades. There was a long, deep rut in the table top from one of his hunting knives, but it was across from where it ought to be. Even the lamp over his reading chair was wrong, the flickering bulb left on. John would never be so careless as to leave a light on when he wasn’t using it.
,” he growled in my ear, the scruff of his chin scratching against the back of my neck and earlobe. “You
“You moved the furniture,” he says stiffly. His jaw clenches (irritation? No, anxiety) while he stares at everything except my face.
“John?!” I shout, and I’m home, in my bed. My limbs feel fuzzy and heavy, my thoughts sluggish. Why am I in the flat? What is wrong with me, why do I feel like this? I blink rapidly, willing my vision and brain to clear, while getting tangled in the sheets and falling off my mattress onto the floor. I stumble upright and throw open my bedroom door, shouting again. “John!”
.” He lets his other hand slowly smooth sensually down my arm before winding his fingers with mine. “Your
I yell again, chastising myself internally for being such an idiot, thinking of all the things I know I shouldn’t. My throat aches, my body feels weak from the lack of oxygen, and my amygdala has started flooding my central nervous system with adrenaline at the lack of any response from him. Where could he be? Did he leave?
The constable of Werben came to see me about the case today. He strutted about as I enjoyed my breakfast, commenting on how
“I don’t know, Sherlock. I just--” My breath feels wrong in my lungs, expanding my aching chest and shaking my core. “I just need a minute,” I finally finish, glancing up at him. He’s sitting on the floor in front of me, fingers still resting on the back of my hand. The set of his shoulders is tense, his spine ramrod straight as his eyes flick restlessly over my body.
He blinks and nods again, then seems to shake off whatever was keeping him paralyzed and looks over at me. “Starving,” he says, voice gruff. Our eyes meet for the first time, and my heart leaps in my chest. (I’m aware that hearts are incapable of leaping.) There’s an expression on his face that I cannot place, though I recognize that my own ability to make deductions is impaired when he looks at me
“Ah kinn, laddie. Sorry,” the Scotsman replied, reaching down to scratch the cat's head. Mycroft resisted out of spite, then succumbed and pressed up into the proffered affection with a hearty purr.
“Yes,” he said the moment they met on the green. He’d dressed especially nice today, wearing a rich purple shirt and black suit. The dark color offset his pale skin, making him glow in the early evening lamplight. He knew he looked ravishing before examining John’s face, which was flushed pink and gaping.
I reach for the door in response, opening it for him and announcing, “Once more unto the breach, yeah?” As he takes his first step out onto the landing, I lean back into the flat and snatch my cane off the hook. He’s going to bloody need it after this.
“I won’t,” he whispers as he predicts my unsaid words, flipping his hand to press his palm against mine and interlacing our fingers. “
it is, the most fascinating piece of evidence in this entire presentation--a subdural hematoma on John’s neck, right below his left ear. Sherlock, being right handed, leans right naturally when he provides physical contact. Judging by the coloration and mottling, this particular
he asked me (in German, of course). Though it’s been some time, the language came back quickly to me. I have always had an affinity for language, as you know, far outperforming my brother when it comes to the Germanic strains. He prefers
As I glance around, searching for any indication of Sherlock’s location and finding absolutely nothing, I can’t help but huff in annoyance. “Where is he?”
I cried too. It felt...good. Relief, I think. I haven’t cried like that since I was alone in a tent in Afghanistan after losing half our battalion and taking a bullet to the shoulder.
mornings when a small, wooden cabin was stuck at the edge of his vision and a fluffy grey tail plodded its way towards him.
Sherlock narrows his eyes, mouth turning down in a pout. “Save the dramatics for a time when John’s life isn’t being threatened by a madman, Graham,” he snaps.
be. He was just standing here, mere moments ago. I could hear him breathing, I could feel his warmth next to me. His laughter was rumbling the wall, making my back tingle with our closeness.
I shake my head in an effort to retreat from the inevitable emotional onslaught such memories bring and croak, “Yeah, right. Sure, Mycroft. I’ll just--” He nods and strolls out to let the doctors know that we’re ready. I cast another glance at Sherlock, laying immobile on the hospital bed, and feel my heart leap into my throat.
Well now, isn’t this interesting? Seems my brother and the good doctor have made amends, at least partially, going by the proximity with which they are approaching my vehicle and the clearly obvious affection in their eye contact. No more are the awkward glances and tense shoulders--these two are settling into something resembling comfort with each other yet again.
His mouth opens and shuts several times as he considers what to say, then stops himself. (Oscillation, again.) What aren’t you sure about, John?
Outside, the branches of the mulberry bush next to the window rattled against the pane, scratching the glass. The wind whipped across the fallow field between John’s house and the forest, blowing the tall grasses nearly horizontal with each gust. John stared, unblinking, eyes not seeing. At the edge of the forest, a dark shape was moving just inside the shadow of the trees. A rabbit, perhaps. No, a deer. Too large to be a rabbit.
Sherlock cried fat, silent tears, sniffling every few seconds as I read the first of my letters to him from the psychiatric hospital.
“She’s gone for the day,” Sherlock announces, startling me. As I whirl to face him, his eyes are piercing.
I know he will, yet the thought that he might not flutters uncomfortably in my chest, a hint of a possible, devastating reality tinting my thoughts. Guilt that I could drive him to such a conclusion flows thick through my veins, numbing me entirely. If he needs distance from me, so be it, but I am unsure that I would survive such rejection from him unscathed.
Anatomy and Physiology. The midterm was worth a whopping 25% of his grade, and he knew that most of the medical schools he was considering would look at his grades in A&P I&II more than anything else in his application. He didn’t even want to think about what would happen if he failed this exam.
The world shatters around me as I open my eyes to see two nurses with their hands holding Sherlock down and the doctor slowly extracting the breathing tube that’s been down his throat.
That is, except for the crunch of the frozen ground beneath his boots. The deeper he went, the more he was enveloped in the thick, still air of the wood. No breeze, no movement, no life.
The pair strode off, walking so close the backs of their hands brushed occasionally, and Sherlock’s blood sang in his ears. It was happening, it was
Giving him a lopsided grin, I nod. “I know you did. Old habits die hard, eh? Especially when you’re an old man like me,” I joke.
“I am not going anywhere,” I reply firmly. “You can threaten me all you like, but I am not leaving. Not now, now that I know...now that I’ve seen...I’m not leaving.” A repetition, a grasp at some confidence, a reach for some stability in my rapidly deteriorating emotional state. “I can’t,” I choke out, swallowing around the stone in my throat. My eyes sting and my face hurts so much, and
Reaching for his doorknob, John paused and stared down at his left hand. It was floating in front of his door, though the handle was on the opposite side. Blinking, he frowned and looked down at his shoes, then brought his hand over to open the door. It clicked and swung into the cabin, a long
Before his lover could reply, the Scotsman turned on his heels and fled, feet pounding the dirt as he scrabbled out of the cave. Behind him, he heard the thunderous shouting from Sherlock, but he focused on his own breath and the blood throbbing in his ears instead.
“John, no one is hurting you,” Mycroft replies coolly, a million miles away. I hate him, I hate all of them for doing this to me. I hear my own breath, rapid and shallow as it shakes through my nostrils and shudders in my chest. Tears well up in the corners of my eyes before streaming down my cheeks, evidence of my shame.
“Detective Inspector, you’ve seen him yourself over the past week. His mental state is...uncertain. Until we have a solid plan in place for dealing with his unpredictable behavior, it would be best to keep him chemically restrained. For his safety as much as for ours. I’m sure you’ll agree,” Mycroft explains, a pinch of irritation at my defiance coloring his voice.
“John?” Mycroft asks. His touch on my shoulder is fire, drawing all of my awareness to the singularity of his contact with me. It burns. It grounds.
That’s what happened, too, which came as a major disappointment to John. As the door to their room swung open, it revealed a fully dressed chemistry major sitting at his desk with a pipette already in hand. John paused in the doorway and sighed. So much for cuddling.
The phone cut out with a crackle of electricity in the lines. John clutched the receiver, his stomach dropping to his feet. “Molly?”
. You know I’m right. Didn’t Mycroft notice it, from the beginning? Sherlock definitely noticed it. You
He’s just as awkwardly uncomfortable and silent as I am, the both of us stuck in this moment of intensity that feels particularly foreign. Neither of us have ever been skilled at discussing matters of sentiment, and it seems we both become distressingly mute in the face of it between us.
Pushing all thoughts of his distracting boyfriend from his mind, John doubled down on his efforts in the Bio exam. In his pocket, his phone buzzed, then buzzed again. Looking up from under his bangs, he checked to see if his professor was paying attention. The man was reclined in his seat, feet up on his desk and tablet in his lap. He was smirking, clearly engrossed in whatever he was watching. John reached down to his lap and slid his phone out of pocket just enough to see the screen.
His hand, resting on his thigh, twitches. I can’t take my eyes off it, nimble fingers clenching the white hospital sheet, agitated. Restless.
Silence. Crossed arms, clenched jaw. Then, resignation, as he always does when it comes to me. “So you’re offering to teach me,” he says quietly, looking down at the floor again. He’s embarrassed about this. Is it because he’s
I sigh, heaving myself up off the uncomfortable hospital chair. The machines continue beeping melodramatically in the background while I arch my back, hearing my spine crack in several places. I
Downstairs, I hear the door creak open and shut, and then his familiar footfalls on the steps. He’s moving slowly, and his weight is shifting in a way that reveals his trepidation.
Moran in front of me, leaning his lanky frame forward, elbows on his knees as he sat in an unstable metal chair, his light blue,
. If you want Sherlock to improve, you have to keep John here. I know you may not care much for John, but--”
My phone buzzes in my hand just as I’m about to start walking to the office on the opposite side of the room.
She nods and smiles, glancing at the cabinet next to the stove. “I can protect myself if necessary, John. Don’t you boys worry about me.”
John rolls onto his stomach in the circle of my arm and lifts his head to peer at me with an amused expression on his face. “Mrs. Hudson had us pegged on day one, you know.”
And then, the possibilities raced through his mind. So many available, and he didn’t know which direction to go. So for now, he followed John as they entered the dining hall, grabbing a few a-la-carte items and sitting with him at the table closest to the exit. His companion slung the rugby bag across the back of his chair and sat, immediately tearing into the shepherd’s pie he grabbed. Sherlock watched, enamored, until John looked up with a mouth full of food.
His hands flew up to his face, heels digging into his eyes as the tongue licked boldly at him, teasing and tasting. Sherlock moaned as he pushed deeper, his nose tucked in beneath John’s testicles and his forehead rubbing against the base of his cock. The ministrations continued, taking John apart piece by piece until he was shouting and cursing, body writhing on the floor of the dirt filled cave while hot white streams pulsed all over his stomach and chest. It lasted
. You saved his life, for God’s sake. Will you take something now to help you, knowing the real Sherlock is going to be awake soon, ready to annoy the shite out of you, just like before?”
John’s thoughts barely broke the surface of his consciousness most days. His body was not his own, merely at the whim of the creature who had entranced him. Occasionally he would look at the pale-skinned man and see glimpses of their time together, running together like chalk in the rain. Other times he merely complied, too broken to try to fight it.
.” Another wet, warm tongue lapped at my bare skin, sending ripples down my spine. My breathing labored in my chest, the ache tight and high as his strong form wrapped around mine.
deduction about a vulnerability of his, ignoring how emotionally sensitive he might be about it and forging on ahead until he’s literally quivering with raw fury.
In an act of desperation I grab John’s hand tightly, bringing it to my lips. He squeezes my fingers in response, thumb stroking the top of my wrist while tears run down his cheeks and his body shudders in my arms.
He sighs deeply above me, body slumping against mine. “Of course we will, John. We’re in this together.”
? There was a tug in his chest and his stomach dropped out as he fought to remember what he was missing. Something was wrong, but--
“What are you on about?” I ask, whipping my head back to stare at him. He regards me, head cocked to the side and eyes narrowed before flicking his head toward the en-suite bathroom.
the opposite of what he ought to. The one who was laying in bed, cocooned in blankets and sheets and snoring softly, awaiting John’s return. That is, unless he took too long to get back. Nothing holds Sherlock’s attention, least of all sleep. It was a matter of moments before he realized what time it was and popped out of bed, his brain already running at a hundred kilometers a second.
“I’m...I just…,” he trails off, at a loss for words. He rolls onto his back next to me, staring up at the ceiling and sighing in exasperation with himself. “I just--”
“Bollocks,” he muttered to himself. He had studied, but it never feels like enough when you’re in pre-med. And then there was the matter of his roommate…
Mycroft sighs, breath slinking out between his pursed lips, before he continues. “It is evident that John has chosen to ignore the clinical recommendations of his psychiatric team at the hospital. This, coupled with his recent trauma at the hands of Moran, seems to have driven him deep into madness. It is my strong opinion that he return to the psychiatric hospital for additional treatment and monitoring.” As I consider his words, imaginings of John returning to a psych ward fill my head: him being out of control of everything, away from Sherlock, and feeling completely helpless. Without realizing it, I must be shaking my head in disapproval at the idea as Mycroft comments further. “You disagree.” A statement, not a question, as the Holmes boys so often irritatingly do.
He shuffled through his letters and found the one he wrote me right before I tried to kill myself, re-reading a section toward the end.
Why isn’t he moving at all? Is he too injured, or is he waiting for the right moment? Without seeing his eyes it’s difficult to determine what he wants me to do, and he can’t bark out warnings or code words with that bloody gag in his mouth.
Leaning towards him, the man hovered his mouth next to John's ear. The Scotsman attempted to push him away, but found his arms pinned to his sides as if clamped by vices. It was wholly unsettling, and though he longed to turn away from the creature imposing itself on him, he found himself trapped.
The soft, warm scent of cooked oats drifted into his nose, and he returned to the bowl in front of him. His mouth watered, salivary glands excited at the meal, and he grabbed the spoon.
The curls between his legs shook and two fingers joined the tongue inside him, petting his prostate and pulling even more pleasure from his wrung out body. He convulsed, his voice hoarse from moaning Sherlock’s name, and bucked his hips forward with renewed vigor. Sherlock wrapped his lips around the tip of John’s cock and let him thrust up into his mouth, fingers relentless as the man lost control yet again.
“Well, stop it. It looks like...if you aren’t sure about me coming back, I understand. I can just help you for a few days and then go back to my flat while we figure things out. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable,” he says with false sincerity. He doesn’t want me to agree, doesn’t want me to send him away, but he would never force himself into my life.
The forest floor outside the stone circle was unremarkable. John braced for his departure from the eerie place, expecting to have the wind knocked out of him again...or something
“Excuse me?” he says curtly, jaw clenched. Now I’ve angered him, and he still hasn’t admitted that this is exactly why he’s here.
I was immediately grateful for the single sleeping car as I surveyed the rest of the passengers joining me on this journey--though they might have been curious to observe for a short time, any interaction with them beyond simple nods and smiles would have driven me quite mad. That said, I did spend some time in the leisure car each day making deductions about the various occupants of the train, which I will share with you now.
. Sitting next to my very best friend, simultaneously annoyed and completely enamored, laughing at his petulant scowl. “No, you’re just an
And next to them, another stack with Sherlock’s block print detailing my name and a P.O. Box I’ve never heard of and no return address. I pick the top one up, flashing it to him. My heart is thudding heavily in my chest, palms sweaty and hands shaking.
The room shifts sideways as I have the startling realization that I’m home at Baker street, in the loo, and that Moran is
. As I blink I’m at the cage, listening to him choke and cough on his panic for a moment before I whip back the curtain.
He was trapped. Not only was he trapped, but the Fae of legend, the whispers told by the townspeople, were real, and
Another few blinks, then a wide, sharp-toothed grin broke across the man’s cheeks, a dramatic shift that startled John. “The name’s Sherlock, mortal.” His hungry eyes roved down John’s suspended form a final time, then he nodded once and stepped away, clasping his hands behind his back.
“Mornin’ sunshine,” I say quietly, a gentle smile on my face. He winces at the joke, forehead tight and lips downturned in a frown.
I am away investigating a peculiar case of a vanished huntsman, and I was hoping you might be able to assist me. In my time here in Eastern Germany, I have encountered stories of a man who can shift his appearance into that of a wolf. It seems related to a particular object, a leather strap, that the man keeps on his personage at all times. The strap is imbued with some sort of medicinal, hallucinogenic, or otherwise bizarre substance that causes those around the man to view him as a wolfman as opposed to a regular wolf or human. Odd, is it not?
John’s heart hammered behind his ribs, thumping loudly in his ears and making his head throb. A flash from his nightmare that morning filled the space behind his eyes, making him shiver as goosebumps fled down his spine.
Sherlock inhaled, and as he breathed out a broad smile tugged at his lips. He turned and pointed towards the dining hall in the distance. “Hungry?”
. Not in the slightest. “Sherlock, what in the hell are you talking about?” I ask, confusion overriding every other thought.
“Coming?” John calls, leaning through the doorway towards me. Summoning my courage from God knows where, I stride inside and follow him up the stairs. We remove our jackets, hanging them by the door, and I consider how to say what I
Annoyance swells in my chest with a tight burn, prickling up the back of my neck and making my ears hot.
“Right. No, I get that. We aren’t contesting that at all, we just need some descriptors from you. You were the last person to see him aside from Sherlock, and he’s...well…,” the flash of his vague gesture at the hospital bed breaches my peripheral vision briefly. I can’t take my eyes off Sherlock. Not that I want to.
. A pained groan rumbles behind my ribs and he responds in kind. The room is suddenly too hot and we’re stumbling awkwardly towards the doorway to his bedroom, open mouthed kisses becoming frantic across cheeks, jawlines, throats. His hips are glued to mine, the hard length of his cock straining within his pants and pressing against my lower abdomen.
“BLOODY HELL!” Whipping my head up, I reach for my phone, intent on hurling against the nearest wall. John startles, hands thrown into the air with a panic-stricken look on his face. As I glance down to hit the “decline” button, the name on the screen sends ice through my veins.
Beta_Jawn, who I love forever, created these gorgeous pieces of art to depict the shift in facial expressions when Sherlock first wakes up in the last chapter. Enjoy!!
Turning to face me, he threads his fingers into my curls and smiles. “Possibly.” Some life returns to his eyes, the glint of mischief and steel sharpening his gaze. “Probably,” he adds with a smirk and the twitch of an eyebrow.
Dark auburn-black fur covered the backs of his hands and disappeared beneath the cuffs of his jacket. I blinked and turned in the circle of his arms, not fully believing my own eyes. I couldn’t breathe, nor did I want to as my gaze wandered up the broad expanse of his furry chest and neck. My head tipped back while I searched out his cool blue eyes amidst the face of
“No running off this time, hm?” John said, tilting his head in his best pleading expression. “I’m John,” he added, gaze settled firmly on the man’s cupid’s bow lips. His own mouth felt dry, so he swallowed harshly and waited. When the man remained silent, peering down at him with widened eyes, he smiled again and joked, “This is when you tell me
“No, just putting it away,” he answered quickly, face starting to burn as Mike and several other classmates turned to stare at him. “My friend--”
With a groan, I roll onto my back and stretch, feeling it all the way in the arches of my feet and between my toes. Letting my head loll to the side, I notice Sherlock was kind enough to shut the door when he got up. Oddly considerate for him. He’s the loudest thinker on the planet--erratic shouting, bouts of discordant violin music, stomping and pacing, walking on top of furniture.
he had assistance from the inexperienced hands of his companion. He must be in more pain than he let on when he left the hospital.
Psychopaths are typically more rigid--they find their target and they see it through to completion (murder, usually). What happened to change his course?
Memory is best when it is fresh, though I cannot seem to stop shaking. I will do what I can to tell the tale, and I can later come back to edit the details as necessary. It is important that I document this thoroughly, and immediately. My brain is barely able to comprehend the events of this morning, so I must focus and recall everything without attempting to understand it.
Clearing my throat, I turn away from my brother to address the good doctor. “It would seem that way,” I say quietly. He turns it over again and looks to Sherlock, seeking approval. He nods, and John pulls open the flap to withdraw the message within. Having already read it myself, I turn to look out the window, observing the pedestrians entering and exiting Speedy’s.
Was he in the wood? He struggled against his dissipating thoughts, grasping clumsily at them like a child trying to catch minnows in a pond. He remembered the stone circle. He remembered Mycroft with his yellow eyes, and he remembered the burning in his chest as he slowly suffocated beneath the penetrating stare of the man next to him now.
We wove through his small shack and out the door, heading for the forge he kept lit on the side of his property. Before I could speak another word, he tossed Anderson’s cap into the fire, then walked over to his axe and chopping block to start splitting logs. I marvelled at his strength, in awe at how it took but a single swipe to break them in two. They fell to either side of the block and he placed another, splitting it easily with a
. Concerned, no doubt, about Sherlock’s ability to make it up the steps to the flat upon the completion of our meeting. Also, Sherlock clearly did not dress himself judging by the creases in his shirt at the waistband of his trousers; he always tucks in, then smooths the front so it lays flat. Not so, today.
“As I was saying, there is plenty of time for us between exams,” he said, standing abruptly and slinking over to John. He rested his hands on John’s waist and pulled them together, lacing his thigh between John’s legs.
I’m so glad you’re alright, dear. Come, let’s have a cuppa. I made your favorite sourdough recipe as soon as I knew you boys were coming home,” she says with a wink, linking her arm in mine and guiding me into her kitchen. “So tell me,” she begins while she slices a piece of bread for me, slathering it with butter. “How’s it going?”
“I know,” I reply instead. My tone is harsher than I want and most of me doesn’t care. I imagine the expression on John’s face--irritated to hide his hurt. I glance his direction and take in his stance. His shoulders are slumped and his arms are crossed, leaning back against the tank of the toilet. I turn back towards the spray and a hissed ‘
, that deliciously sensitive spot just below my earlobe, his warm breath echoing in my ear. I can feel my core trembling as he holds me in his arms, firmly supporting nearly all of my weight as I give in completely. All thoughts of the case, of Moran and his threat, dissolve into wisps of smoke as John continues to show me just how much he needs to forget his trauma and focus on our bodies,
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock picks up the morphine tap and adjusts it, showing it to me to prove he’s increased his dose again. “John, I’m not a
A heavy, warm paw gently touched John’s cheek, testing. When there was no answer aside from a thick, nasally sigh, the paw moved to his nose. It pressed, this time more insistent. Beneath the covers, John shifted and grunted in his sleep. Finally, Mycroft lost his short-lived patience and began pushing his claws forward until they just started digging into his owner’s nostril, waking him immediately. His ice blue eyes popped open and stared daggers at the cat.
I was drugged, remember? Bit tough to recall much in that state,” he comments with a shrug. I throw him a pleading glance and he sighs. “It was...maybe 5 metres by 5 metres? No furniture except a few chairs and a small table off to one side. Lights hung down from the ceiling, single bulbs on a long wire. It was fucking creepy, to be honest. When I…,” he pauses, swallowing thickly. “...woke up, they dragged me out into a larger room. The one where you...well you must remember that room. It was an assembly floor or something. Felt like an aircraft hanger.” His eyes grow distant, lost in memory from that night. In my periphery I see Mycroft raise an eyebrow at me, his hand growing tighter on his forever-present umbrella. Our eyes lock and he looks away, knowing the threat in my gaze.
Shoving my food in my belt pouch, I stalked quickly to the church where a massive crowd was gathered. The men of the village comprised it, each of them armed with at least one weapon. The constable stood on the church steps, waving a rifle in the air as he shouted.
Or perhaps we will keep avoiding what needs to be said, which might be the worst outcome of all. There are moments in life where one knows that jumping headfirst into a situation, no matter how stressful or chaotic, is the only way to successfully traverse the storm.
“Sherlock,” he groaned to himself, taking the steps two at a time into the Bio building. Shoving a hand into his pocket, he slid the phone out and glanced at the screen alerts. Sure enough, it was from Sherlock, and it included pictures.
“So you did,” he replies calmly. He’s placating me, refusing to engage. He’s hiding something, I can feel it.
I’m down the hallway in seconds, roughly pushing past nurses and visitors while I throw myself into the nearest bathroom and lock the door. My feet carry me back and forth in the tiny room before I collapse, weak, on the unforgiving tile floor. My chest is heaving with thick, painful gasps, constricted by the tension I can’t seem to get rid of. My eyes burn, my throat burns, everything seems to burn despite the cool tiles surrounding me, falling in on me, trapping me in my own terror and I
The key slides slowly into the lock, tumblers clicking until it’s sheathed entirely. I hear Sherlock’s shuffled steps behind me and realize he must have been waiting for me to make my decision. He hadn’t moved from the curb. Maybe it was the tension in the back of my neck resolving, or the release of my clenched fist at my side. Whatever it was, he saw it. He
It is difficult to explain, what I’ve just experienced. I don’t know that I shall be able to recount it accurately, as my heart won’t stop pounding in my chest. I can barely catch my breath. The innkeeper here mixed me a tincture of laudanum to help soothe my nerves, though it doesn’t seem to be helping much. I may need to resort to the morphine I have in my luggage.
“Mrow!” Mycroft interrupted, waddling over to his chair. The cat pushed his head into John’s leg, then reached up to rest his front paws on the side of the chair. John set his spoon down and smiled at the cat, reaching a hand down to run his fingers through the soft coat of the animal. Mycroft purred, his eyes sliding shut, and he rose to meet the palm of John’s hand. After a few luxurious pets, John returned to his breakfast.
The moment Sherlock opened his clouded eyes, murmuring into the crook of John's neck while shoving a leg between his thighs, though, it was gone.
“Sherlock!” he calls after me, his footsteps quick on the cement floor behind me as he runs to catch up. The echo from his shoes sounds tinny in the large room, lost in the void beyond our immediate location.
Wake up dammit! The suspense, the restlessness and lack of control is driving me insane and I just don’t think I can--
Sherlock whispered as he wrapped his large hands around John’s shoulders, drawing their bodies close together. John felt the presence of the man’s form wrapping around his, firm but lacking any warmth. It was unsettling, and he
The sudden influx of chilly February air fills the vehicle as the door whips open and they slide quickly in on the bench my opposite. Sherlock meets my eyes, a scowl crossing his features immediately.
“Mycroft,” he called, beginning to shift out from under his pet. The cat rolled over, exposing his belly, and purred loudly. Without thinking, John reached over and ran his fingers through the fluffy undercoat, massaging lightly. Mycroft purred louder, squirming around on John’s lap until he lost his patience and rolled in on himself, clutching the weathered hand against his belly and kicking the underside.
“John!” Sherlock shouts from the stairs. “Lestrade! Annoyed, fourth cup of disappointing coffee, less than an hour of sleep and hasn’t changed his clothing in over 24 hours. Has news about Moran’s location. Get the door!”
. Naturally, I ignored them and did my best to act uninterested while eavesdropping to gather information. The majority of what I heard was again useless, focusing on who I was and why I had arrived. Most of them got something incorrect, and I considered correcting them, but then something out of the ordinary caught my attention.
bullets for the hunter. He lamented their loss, for they represented some of his best work, though seemed uncaring about the man carrying them.
, Sherlock. Give me your morphine tap, let me turn it back up for you. You’re in pain, obviously. We can talk another time--”
. He’d say yes, tomorrow. No more putting it off. This was going to go somewhere, that much he was sure of. Whether it would end up in a bed or in the flames of public humiliation, he had no idea. Both were terrifying.
I hate the bloody clock with it’s stupid bloody hands that won’t stop bloody moving and won’t stop bloody telling me how
John rolled over with a groan. There was an ache in his bladder that seemed unhealthy, but he was far too tired to do anything about it just yet. His thoughts drifted lazily between each other, interwoven in ways that only make sense when half awake. The first rays of dawn peeked through the blinds, sending beams of pinkish-gold light streaming down to make patterns on the concrete floor. He sighed loudly, feeling the air drain from his lungs. He heard an answering groan behind him, followed by a sharp jab of an elbow between his shoulder blades. The mattress shifted as his bedmate rolled closer to him, pulling the blankets off John with a slow slide until he was entirely exposed to the cool morning air. Cocooned warmth snuggled into his back, an angular arm snaking its way around his waist and planting its large, bony hand over his heart. Blunt pressure pushed into the back of his neck, and John smiled. Sherlock is cuddliest in the morning, though he’d deny it to anyone who asked.
Clearing his throat, he turns back and answers, “I believe I am your doctor, then.” Amusement fades into exasperation as he adds, “Lord knows you won’t follow any of the aftercare instructions without me.” He throws a mock glare my way, but his lips continue quivering against a smile. Any anxiety I may have held before this moment about his care for me dissipates entirely, giving way to the bloom of warmth I’ve come to associate only with
I need to breathe, but my chest is too tight with anxiety. The beeping from his heart rate monitor beats a staccato rhythm, counterbalanced with the ticking of the clock. Both sounds are drowning me, filling the room and sucking the air out of it.
Sherlock pushed John away from him and breathlessly nodded. “Come on, John!” he urged, linking their hands together and pulling him off towards his dorm. He desperately hoped his idiotic roommate wasn’t there. No matter--if he was, he’d just throw him out into the hallway. Nothing was coming between him and John. He laughed, overwhelmed and excited, and John joined him with a giggle
Swallowing against my too-tight throat, I reply, “Poor excuse? For what?” My heart is pounding into my ribs and echoing in my ears, an uncomfortable heat prickling up the back of my neck as I watch Sherlock lay motionless on the floor between myself and Moran.
.” Bringing my hand to his chin, I tilt his face up to look at mine again. Narrowing my eyes, I peer down at him. His lips part, pink tongue sliding out to slowly wet his bottom lip, and the last of my impulse control disappears.
We both stop and stare, a nervous giggle escaping his lips at our absurdity. Gesturing for him to proceed, I focus on my breath while he inhales, continuing, “We’re both tired. Maybe we should go to bed. I don’t have to keep going over my own fucked up head with you.”
My lips twitch into a small smile while my eyelids finally relent, rising slowly in the too-bright room. I blink a few times, clearing the haze surrounding the figure in front of me.
Usually I would expect some superficiality from him, but this is genuine, a sad smile gracing his lips. His eyes are rimmed in red, bloodshot and puffy, and it’s suddenly clear he’s been
Sherlock whips his head around and demands suddenly, “That’s all of it?” His voice is high and tight, a bit too loud for this small space. He’s on the edge of panic, realizing how dangerous this situation is.
Growling to himself, the Scotsman ripped off his jacket and bunched it up, pressing it against Greg’s stomach. “
Grasping at anything that might get him off my case, I throw out, “We’ll text our statements to you.” Behind me, John lets out a breathy laugh as his stride picks up, trying to keep pace with me as we near the exit of the warehouse.
As the evening wore on, I hoped to see that man from the marketplace, though luck was not with me. Lestrade entered the pub after many of the patrons were well on their way to inebriation, tipping his hat at me before joining the crew I had been interviewing at a table in the back. The men welcomed him heartily, singing a hunting song in German for him and slapping him on the back. I spent some time observing them, curious to see the depth of their relationships, though found nothing out of the ordinary about them.
. How could I be such an idiot, hoping that perhaps this solid, angry, gorgeous man standing here would ever be interested in
It was then that I lit my pipe and turned away to stare off into the black woods while he drove on in silence. Better to spend my time speaking to people who may actually have information than those who like to spread pathetic rumours and little else.
I watch as the pair make their way upstairs, moving slowly, until the light goes on in their flat. Sherlock paces, agitated, in front of the windows. He pauses every third pass to stare down at the car, clearly wishing I would leave. While I can’t see into the kitchen from this angle, I expect that John is making tea, hoping it might calm my brother. It won’t, and he knows it, but he’ll still try. There’s comfort in ritual. They could both use some comfort, as could I.
There is more to this world than science can explain presently, though I’m sure in time there will be some logic behind it. Some would try to say that magic exists, based upon the encounter I had this morning. I am still trying to wrap my head around it, grateful for the dram of morphine I packed for this trip.
The friends exchanged one last meaningful look of skeptical optimism before they received their tests from the classmates in front of them. The students who had already begun sighed heavily as they read the first page, making John’s heart sink even lower in his stomach.
,” I growl dangerously in his ear, unaware of anything except the pure rage coursing through me, setting my nerves alight with adrenaline.
, head smashed to pieces on the pavement. His blood is oozing out, soaking into the ground, carrying him with it to hell.
A heartless laugh bubbles up from his chest, trying to dismiss my concern. “John, you know my methods. I am known to be invincible.” He shifts, a barely audible gasp escaping his lips before his face settles back into his best
“Thes is nae whit Ah wanted,” John argued, bringing up his hands in defense. “Ye tricked me!” he added, the hot pit of rage in his stomach churning.
. I’ve experienced this phenomenon myself, and have identified it as a thought distortion wherein our memories are tinted with an idealized version of people and events in the absence of the real thing. A deification, of sorts. At times when I have spent prolonged periods away from my parents or brother, I have succumbed to this twisted perception and found myself
seems different. There are piles of paperwork everywhere, books stacked in corners, dust on every surface--it’s all the same. I feel disconnected from reality; this could be any other day in my life before...
that I could only find with John, just as much as I’ve missed the adrenaline of the chase and the thrill of the puzzle only
Closing the gap between us, I rest my hands on his shoulders and smile down at him. “Pretty ridiculous indeed.” I lean down and touch my lips tentatively to his, the barest brush of a kiss. I can feel him smiling against my cheeks as he presses himself against me, his hands resting on my hips. “Tea?” I ask him, resting my chin against his forehead. His heart beats a comfortable rhythm with mine as we stand together, my breath ruffling the top of his hair with each exhalation.
“Shut up. You need help. You and I both know that the last place for either us is at the hospital again, hm? So, just…,” I pause, sighing heavily. “Just let me help you.” A plea, and a command. For a moment, I expect him to argue.
Though I know logically that following this line of reasoning is useless, I’m trapped within the vortex of
He grunts in frustration, and though I can’t see him I can imagine his nostrils flaring and the crinkle at the top of his nose as he glares down at me.
. I feel immediately small under that gaze, shrinking in on myself for a moment before something hot curls in my core, and a flash of anger fills me.
The man blinked as he stared at his cat, eyes following the grey-black stripes and whorls in his long, shaggy hair. Mycroft rolled again, this time landing flat on his back with his legs splayed. The cat’s belly lolled to one side, settling on the floor as he continued to purr in his sleep. John smiled to himself, then removed his jacket to hang next to the door.
Confusion flooded his captor’s face, his dark eyebrows knitting together as he narrowed his eyes and slowly glanced down at John’s feet. Raising his head back up, he asked, “Why?”
catch Moran together,” I reassure him, rolling to wrap my arm around his torso, our legs twining together under the duvet and silk sheets. His muscles loosen, the tension finally leaving his body completely as he melts against me with a contented hum.
Returning quickly to his arms, I spread my fingers across the small of his back and pull him close, much closer this time, until we're pressed shoulder to groin. Taking a deep breath, I will my heart to stop stuttering in my chest and smile down at him. As if sensing the gesture, he looks up through his lashes at me and smiles back. He's soft, small crow’s feet branching out at the corners of his kind eyes while the lines around his mouth deepen in sincerity.
They barely made it out of the dining hall before John had Sherlock pinned against the nearest wall, snogging him senseless. His rugby bag slid off his shoulder and fell the floor with a thump at their feet, but neither of them cared. John’s hands made quick work of Sherlock’s suit buttons, snaking inside to yank his shirt out of his trousers.
Staring at his cat, John felt a pang of guilt and walked over to him, reaching down to run his fingers through his thick fur. Then, he chucked a new log on the fire with a small handful of kindling, blowing on it until it caught. A scoop of food in Mycroft’s dish, another loving pet, and the man pulled on his coat to leave.
Sherlock does his best to give the appearance of strength and stability, even in his worst moments, and this is no different. Throwing his shoulders back, his chin rises and jaw clenches as he takes the first stair with his good leg, hand resting on the railing for support. I hear the sharp hiss of breath through his teeth as he shifts his weight forward, bringing up his foot to rest alongside the other one. His knuckles are straining against the skin of his hand, bleaching it white with tension as he clutches the handrail. As he goes to take the second step, the knee on his injured leg buckles beneath his weight and he lets out a surprised, pained shout, hands immediately flung forward to stop his fall.
,” Moran explains with an exaggerated yawn. “Jim always said Sherlock was on the side of the angels, and he assumed it was
“Sherlock!” he nearly shouts, quieting as I shoot a warning glare at him for threatening to wake John. I glance at my friend, who shifts with a quiet groan and remains asleep. “You realize that there are procedures to follow, tests to be run--”
“Baker street, lads,” the driver says loudly, startling us out of our conversation. Neither of us had noticed that the car had stopped, and it takes us a moment to break free from the tension and exit the cab. John starts walking toward the flat, pausing a few steps away to turn back and stare awkwardly at me as I pay the driver. Catching his eye, I force my lips up into a false smile, my heart thudding uncomfortably in my chest.
“Well, considering your last treatment of me, it was evident you found my very presence in this village
determined the cause of the man Anderson’s disappearance some days prior. The look on his pale face was worth the berating that accompanied it.
As John opened his mouth to say something else, the man veered away to the right and disappeared, hopping onto a bus that had just pulled up at a stop. John watched for far too long, searching for the man amongst the rest of the students, until he tripped on a curb and nearly stepped into traffic.
--used as a bed. The lanky man was nestled between John’s thighs, his chest pressed against the scotsman’s pelvis while he continued peppering his skin with suckling kisses and sharp-toothed nips. As his nose dragged through John’s wiry hair at the base of his abdomen, Sherlock made a show of inhaling the man’s scent. As he opened his mouth to exhale, breath hot and damp, he let it hang open while he looked up through his long dark lashes.
And there it was, still everywhere except his desk. How he didn’t smell it when he came in at first was a mystery, but he could smell it now. Checking the time, he swore to himself and sighed. He had only been gone for three hours, and he somehow missed his roommate entirely. He would have liked to give him a good dressing down in person, but notes seemed to be the only way they could communicate.
Behind him, he heard the crack of twigs and leaves beneath tentative steps, and he fought against the gasp in the back of his throat. Blinking, he continued onward, senses suddenly much more alert since the intrusion. His bowie knife slid easily from its sheath with barely a sound, and he raised his arm up to mark the next tree along his path. As the knife hovered less than a centimeter from the thin bark of the birch tree next to him, his arm suddenly fell numb. The joints locked in place, holding the limb perpendicular from his body, while his wrist bent unnaturally backwards until the knife fell from his cold, lifeless fingers. A wrenching, shooting pain ran like electricity into his elbow while his wrist continued to twist, catching at its furthest point. The muscles in his arm bulged, pulling a pained grunt from him as he clawed at his arm with his free hand.
Bringing my attention back to my companions, I watch them stare at each other after John finishes reading the message. Their eye contact is loaded, intense. Clearly a nonverbal discussion about the inherent threat to John in the document, and the need for a battle plan. Sherlock’s face is twisted up into an expression somewhere between pained and confused, fingers drumming anxiously on the car door as he no doubt flies through every possible iteration of what this message means and what he can do about it to protect his beloved John.
As I open the door to the storeroom, the metallic, acrid smell of old blood immediately fills my nostrils, mingling with the chemical bitterness of cleaning solutions. The combination assaults my eyes, making them water while my gag reflex kicks in. I fight to suppress the urge to retch, swallowing down my excess saliva. Holding my sleeve over my mouth and nose, I notice another pile of used bandages in the corner near a grime-covered table with cheap first aid supplies and a bottle of antiseptic. There are blood stains on the floor throughout the room, along with dark brown-red spatters on the wall. Eerie shadows flit across the wall as the lights hanging from the ceiling sway slowly back and forth. This must have been where they patched up Moran. Glancing around the room, I realize that I
The moment I drain the last of my tea, John places his hands flat on the table and stands up. “My turn,” he announces, gesturing with his head towards the living room. “Will you queue up the song in the middle of the playlist? The one that sounded different from all the others?”
As John approached his small farm, two black-tipped ears appeared along the fenceline, bobbing as the portly cat made his way over in greeting. Purring heartily, the Maine Coon bumped his head into John’s leg.
He turns back and flashes me a smirk. “I can’t believe we were writing letters to each other, and that apparently
to be in battle, John?” Moran asks condescendingly. I hear John shift uncomfortably, maintaining his silence. “
I was wondering if perhaps you had heard of something in your medical training or travels around the world. In my investigation, I have stumbled upon some evidence that suggests that such a wolf man exists and may require further study to ascertain exactly how empirical it is to make such a wild claim. It is perplexing, to say the least.
“There’s nothing else? You’re sure?” my brother nearly shouts, earning him a warning glare from me. He rolls his eyes in response.
I blink against the burning prickle in the corners of my eyes and square up. I need to have some coffee, a shower, and to get dressed before I head off after the madman and beat him soundly for betraying me
My evening was fruitful, to say the least. I spent more time out than I had intended, but was able to gather quite a bit of information after the libations loosened the tongues of the patrons at the pub. Though it was clear that many of the villagers were still wary of me, there were several sportsmen in attendance that had known Anderson personally. The most important pieces of data I gathered from them were the following:
going to do on a test. There are too many variables!” John argued as he started tossing his notes into a bag to study on the way to class.
. I keep Mycroft’s gaze, willing him to understand as I feel the prickle of emotion in my eyes threatening to undo me, to give me away. I need him to feel even an
Time stands still the moment our eyes lock. It’s the briefest of moments, merely a second, yet it stops and allows us to bare our souls to each other. Then, the clock ticks forward and he’s lost in the sensations of orgasm with a shout, his eyes dimming and body trembling as he paints stripes of ejaculate on my abdomen and chest. He collapses soon afterwards into my arms, head heavily resting on my shoulder while his breathing slows and heart rate settles.
I returned to the inn and decided to entertain the steam room as a means to relax and reorder my thoughts, and now I am sitting near the hearth with my pipe. Perhaps I will go speak with the constable about the disappearance and attempt to gather more information, as he was the one who sent for me in the first place. The rest of the villagers seem wary of me, sharing very little if any information. This evening I will endeavour to patronize the local pub as a means to win them over.
Sometimes, John blinked and found himself strapped to a tree trunk or suspended from its branches by his feet. He would blink again and choke back a yell of surprise until the pain from the invisible ropes biting into his skin was too much. He whimpered, he moaned. Nearby, Sherlock watched, milky eyes narrowed and unblinking.
“All right, get your shirt on and I’ll help you with your pants,” he directs, retreating back into doctor mode. “And let’s take a look at those wounds, hm?”
Seeing him still, quiet, and unwell makes me immediately nauseous. The vibrancy, the animation and manic energy he exudes, seems nearly extinguished in this state. I force my feet to carry me to a visitor chair next to his bed and collapse into it, immediately grateful to be near him despite the circumstances. His long, graceful fingers catch my attention as they rest by his side, and I’m overwhelmed with the need to touch them, hold them with my own and let him know somehow that I’m here.
. I spent too much time considering how best to deal with his discomfort and too little time thinking about my own reactions to him.
When he saw him that first day, John thought the man was disinterested in him. He stared, taken aback by his ethereal beauty, too impressed even to smile. The man noticed John’s open-mouthed gape, blinked, and looked away.
, the therapist at the hospital said. That’s what he’s doing to me--he’s refusing be a part of this conversation with me because he’s afraid of the confrontation.
I told him with a sad smile. My chest was so tight while I shared my pain with him, reopening each and every wound before cleaning it, re-dressing it, and leaving it to heal
As expected, the interior of his house was modest, though comfortable. Very few decorations or items of whimsy adorned the surfaces or walls, making it challenging to discern much about the man’s history aside from his obvious efforts to abandon all semblance of his former life. He lived a life of solitude now, one that focused on his ability to sustain himself with as little interaction with others as he could manage. It was impressive, really, to see such determination to be
I blink a few times at him before replying, confused, “My helper? I haven’t got a helper here. You aren’t making any sense, and your injuries must need proper medical attention. If you let me bring you into custody we can get that looked at.” I gesture with my head towards his leg. He waves his hand dismissively, giggling to himself.
Raising his head slowly, he peeked out from under his bangs and released the breath held fast in his lungs. In front of him lay the fields of his farm, and not more than 100 metres away was his small, ramshackle cabin. Lifting his head, he craned around to look behind him, only to see the forest still standing there, as ominous and dark as it ever had been.
John opened his mouth to speak and found his throat closing up, too dry to allow him much more than a croak. Finally, once his vision cleared entirely, he nodded and managed an, “Aye.”
“I do consulting work with the campus police. I’ll explain later.” He looked down at his watch and swore under his breath. “Duty calls. Good night,
He stopped short of the black trees, looking up at the branches high above him. There was no wind this day, the air an eerie calm compared with the howling gusts that had been rushing over the open plains of the highlands for the entire week beforehand. John had chased after more than a few of his belongings as the wind swept them up and threw them against his cattle fence. The shift in the weather seemed to coincide with his decision to reenter the wood, though he refused to believe it was connected.
“John?” he asks, unsure. I hum in response, a noncommittal noise, and force my eyes open to stare at the steps.  The air is again too warm, too thick, and I feel suffocated by it. He nudges me with his hip to get my attention, but I know that if I meet his gaze right now--I can’t. I’m not ready for this, whatever
The grey light of early dawn peeks through the window, bathing the room and casting soft shadows on the ceiling. A few moments pass before I wake up enough to realize that I’m not in my own bed; the window is in the wrong location, and the sheets feel too soft, too silky.
,” he breaks contact to reply, successfully guiding us out of the bathroom and over to his bed. I give in for a few moments longer, drowning in the sensations of his mouth, his lips, his tongue, his fingertips and palms, his insistent erection and muscled thighs--I never imagined I might be on the receiving end of his attention
“You were dying, and I was angry,” John defends, frowning. “Don’t see what the problem is?” He cocks his head to the side, forehead wrinkling as he eyebrows raise in irritation. Sherlock narrows his eyes in response, clearly intending to see this topic through, despite the dangerous and daring tone in John’s voice.
version of life. Wiggling deeper into the pillows behind my back, I mentally play out the various scenarios that may await us back at Baker Street, my fingers steepled tremulously against my lips.
“I'll be fine by then.” Automatically, my shoulders straighten, drawing on hidden reserves of crisis management. The involuntary trembling in my muscles has subsided, and the familiar flood of positive adrenaline spreads through my bones like wildfire. I can do this. I won’t let him go it alone, not with this psychopath.
, Mycroft Holmes! What about you, eh? I’m a fucking doctor, I had a responsibility, but you? Didn’t you have a team there? Why didn’t you have someone watching the exits!? You must have known he was working with someone, he had help to escape and you all just sat there with your bloody thumbs up your arses watching him while I saved Sherlock’s fucking life!!
He’s close. I can see it in the red, blooming flush from his cheeks down to his peaked nipples. I can feel it in the shake of his muscles, straining with the tension of walking along the line without crossing it. I can hear it in the involuntary whines, the growls in the back of his throat as he struggles to breathe.
When he woke, his lips were chapped, covered with a thick layer of dry, dead skin. He chewed at his lower lip, peeling a piece off and immediately regretting it as it burned and took too much healthy skin with it. The metallic tang of blood met the tip of his tongue, and he let his eyes slide shut once more. His body shook beneath his blankets, and he remembered that he hadn't made a fire for some time.
-- wasn’t a man at all. Tingling crept up from his fingertips, the prickly numbness making his hands cold. A heaviness settled into his limbs, dragging his awareness away from the screaming in his chest. The figure kept taking steps towards him, and John could only stare as the blackened stars in his vision grew larger and larger.
We eat in silence. Under the table, his knee bounces. It’s distracting. I would say it’s irritating, but it’s
How could I be happy? My errors led to life-threatening attacks on people I care about and forced John into a position where the only choice was to kill two men. My arrogance brought us to that moment--me being trapped facedown on the filthy floor while John had to listen to that arsehole Moran make wildly inaccurate accusations about him and his motivations. His
Beta_Jawn and SmearedBlackInk--you two have been SO supportive and helpful throughout this story, whether cheerleading me through the really challenging bits or fangirling over the exciting parts. Thank you both for your love. It would have been nearly impossible without you two along the way.
against mine…” The thrum of want that has been threading its way through my core since the shower flares again, settling between my legs as I feel his answering hard heat pressed against my groin. He rolls his pelvis against mine, then pulls our hands behind his back to place my palm on the swell of his arse. He reaches up to trace a line along my jaw with his index finger, the touch heady and seductive despite its chastity. My breath catches as I stare down at him through half lidded eyes, vision hazy with desire at his confidence.
. I want him to shower, to rid himself of the evidence of our shared trauma and return to the comforting perfume of his posh toiletries and the musty, dust-laden aroma specific to Baker street.
There are secrets in this town that no one is keen on sharing. No matter. I’ll sniff it out, regardless. I am, after all, the great Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock shook his head, internally chuckling at the man’s use of food to stifle his anxiety. He wished he had such a skill, as his heart would not stop racing but the thought of eating made him feel nauseous.
He blinked at his hands. They looked old, skin wrinkled and veins prominent. The tips of his fingers were calloused and worn, nails grubby, short.
Shrugging off his fingertips, I throw my arms out, planting my hands on my hips. He flinches back, outstretched hand wavering in the air before it drops back down to his side to toy with the frayed edge of his dressing gown. His face is the same--worried and watching. Waiting for the outburst. Ready to react. I breathe, willing my heart rate to settle before we continue. While raging at him feels cathartic, I know he won’t have a proper fight with me the way I want him to.
“John?” Sherlock called, annoyed. He turned in his seat and stared, eyebrows high on his forehead. “Daydreaming?”
,” he affirms with a nod, striding purposefully over to me in a few quick steps and grabbing me by the biceps. His thumbs stroke soothingly on the inside of my arms while he peers up into my face, the golden strands of his hair shining from the lamplight nearby. The serious expression on his face fades as his tongue peeks out between his lips and wets them slowly. I feel the crackle in the air around us,
I never thought he was capable of feeling, let alone expressing. It reminded me of antique messages sent between lovers in the 1800s, for some reason. I’m sure he’d scoff at that idea...but be secretly pleased. He’s funny like that.
“The usual, sir?” Anthea asks from the front seat, detached. Her voice startles me from my musings and reminds me that there’s a war on.
I’m cradling him, holding him tightly against me while a million Moriartys surround me, hands reaching to pull me away from him. I shake them off, guarding John with animalistic rage from them. “You won’t take him from me!” I snarl at them. “You can’t have him! Stay away from him, don’t touch him!” I’m shouting, covering him with my coat and spitting at our assaulters. “He’s mine, you see! He’s mine!”
“Sherlock certainly wouldn’t appreciate you losing your temper like this, John,” Mycroft interrupts calmly, reaching out a hand to my forearm.
Smiling to myself, I set my mobile down and reach for my umbrella, spinning it in my hands before leaning forward to rest my chin on it. So many pieces to this puzzle, so many players to consider. If John is truly Moran’s target, my brother will tear himself to shreds attempting to stop anything untoward from happening.
assault would have made it nearly impossible for him to move that distance on his own. I have crews looking at the CCTV from that time and tracking the path of the vehicle that picked him up to ascertain his current whereabouts,” I explain. Anthea peeks over her shoulder at me from the front seat before returning to her Blackberry, face carefully composed. No updates then.
for me,” I demand, ignoring his questions. I set my violin down and stalk across the room to pace, fingers steepled beneath my chin. I need distance between us--his proximity threatens to weaken my resolve, my
And then, one day, the fog lifted entirely and the damp, dirt filled cave filled with candles and tree roots came into focus. John blinked, shocked at the vibrancy around him. The light danced along the tunnel walls, bright yellow-gold that flickered and highlighted the sparkle of the rocks tucked into the earth around him. There was a distant dripping down the far end of the tunnel that echoed around the chamber, around his very
I roll my eyes, engaging in the charade with him. Neither of us are willing to acknowledge what has passed between us, nor discuss the severity of what happened in the past month. “Well?” I ask, punctuating the '
“For a man who has seen the horrors of war and does not hesitate to charge towards dangerous criminals, this shouldn’t be intimidating, Dr. Watson,” I comment, sweeping him forward with a hand in the small of his back. He complies with several stuttering steps, legs stiff and uncooperative.
.” He waves his hands around vaguely before dropping them back to his lap, his shoulders slumped and affect flat with defeat. He attempts another drink of his tea, lips pursed in a tiny “o” as he blows across the top to cool it down.
. Willing his heart to stop racing, he inhaled a shaky breath and straightened his back. With his eyes squeezed shut, he let his foot fall to the forest floor outside the circle.
We enjoy our tea at the kitchen table. John is much calmer, both legs still beneath him and his hands relaxed on the tabletop. He toys with the string of the tea bag, a contented smile on his face as he watches me drink mine, eyes tracking the mug from the table to my lips. Though we sit in silence, the violin music the only thing between us, the air is vastly different than it was during supper. Something has shifted, though I cannot figure out exactly
This is Mycroft’s fault, too. All of it is his fault. My madness, Sherlock’s near death, our separation. The horrible look on Sherlock’s face.
While I brace for another blow, there’s a flurry of movement above me accompanied by quick splashes in the nearby puddles. A body slams to the cement next to me with a grumble and a few twitches before going still. I can feel a warm ooze of what I assume is blood as it soaks through the leg of my trousers near my knee.There’s an unintelligible shout, sounds of continued scuffle, and a large hunting knife clatters to the floor near my face, barely missing my cheekbone. In the reflection of the blade I can see two dark shadows behind me, grappling with each other before one of them lands a few hard blows and the other collapses backwards with a yelp. I can hear two people panting as something metallic clangs to the floor, and then there’s the sickening sound of a bone crunching, punctuated by an animalistic scream. With a few lingering whimpers, the fight resolves, and I pray to
. There was another person beneath this false front, this facade that Sherlock had molded into his own. He was a man with a life, not just a plaything for this creature of the wood. Anger bubbled in his chest each day he repeated his name to himself.
they aren’t kind. I know what kind of rage John is capable of, what he works hard at (barely) suppressing on a regular basis. He’s an angry, tightly wound man with specific ideals and morals, and disloyalty is particular abhorrent to him.
Closing the distance between us, I press my lips against his gently, immediately feeling the tickle of the hair from his mustache. John’s hands squeeze mine reflexively as he gasps into my mouth. Taking advantage, I slip my tongue past his lips to taste him, the sweet honey and bitter tannins from afternoon biscuits and tea washing over my taste buds. It’s coupled with an aroma that’s
He looks in the direction I’m pointing and nods, resigned. “Yeah, all right. But anything suspicious you call me, yeah? Or shout?”
An involuntary shiver makes its way up my spine, pulling us both to reality. John blinks and looks down. “
the merest hint of a whisper in my ear. Am I ready to see those icy, green-blue eyes open? To bare my soul to him? Surely he’ll see it all.
Again I hear the chime of Sherlock’s phone and I look in the direction I heard it: outside the office door. Moran follows my eyes and smirks as it goes off a second time.
I asked the baker at the stall in front of me if he had seen the man, and the baker shook his head and shrugged. His companion was also useless, so I dove into the fray, weaving towards the spot I had seen the man. It took barely a minute for me to traverse the small square, landing at exactly the place he was.
I am still in shock, my hand shaking despite the laudanum provided to me. Perhaps I do require some morphine so I may process all that happened with some sort of clarity.
We reach the landing after what feels like a lifetime. Leaning him on the wall, I grab my keys to unlock our flat. He limps into it, taking the few short steps to the sofa before spilling on it, flopping unceremoniously onto his stomach with a groan. I can barely hear him as he mumbles into the cushions, “I’ll take some tea now.”
As the backs of my knees hit the mattress, I reluctantly place my hands on his chest and push gently, separating us. Breathless, he grumbles and rests his forehead against mine, fingers still splayed over my chest under my shirt, but the rest of his manic energy stilling substantially. “
It is a bit odd, Hudders, how suspicious the townsfolk are, cautious and overly guarded even after I introduce myself and state my business. The only person who has seemed interested in me so far was the man at the market, but even his curiosity was bizarre. It seems Germany is far removed from our society in so much more than just geography. I have a feeling about it, though, that I can’t seem to shake. I’m not prone to trusting it as base instinct, as I instead attribute it to observations made by my senses that my brain has yet to categorize, but there is a shiver that crawls up my spine whenever I am contemplating this intriguing case. There is something I’m missing, and I will certainly find out what it is.
Blinking through tears, John considers my offering, his chin trembling and face serious. I can see his hesitation, his fear that once I know the contents of these letters that I’ll crumble and leave. That he’ll tell me how he really felt--no, how he really
The forest spun around him, the trees moving so quickly that the colors bled together until he had to shut his eyes lest he get dizzy. John sunk to his knees and lowered his forehead to the ground.
It was a short debate with himself about whether he wanted to make the arsehole clean up his desk, or if he should just do it himself. The bin was within reach, and there didn’t seem to be as much on his desk as the other surfaces, so he sighed and swept the disgusting food off as quickly as he could. Being in pre-med meant he had plenty of sanitizing cleansers on hand, so he sprayed down his workstation before tossing his bag into the chair for studying later.
John shook his head and adjusted his shoulder strap. “Listen, I gotta get some food before I go to practice. Join me?”
“There is a monster in our woods. A stranger amongst us, someone who looks and talks like us but cannot control his skin, or his appetite for flesh. You know the man I speak of--Johannes Watson…”
They were back in Sherlock’s underground lair, laying on the collection of hay filled pillows he--no,
Drawing up an eyebrow, John smiled back. He wasn't sure how to behave around this creature, so he considered false bravado as an option. “Fur ye? Ur fur me?” he asked, letting his feet relax as he gave up on trying to touch the ground.
It fell to the floor, sliding down the wall in a clump. John frowned as he stared at it, and his stomach growled its reminder.
Obviously another trip into the forest is warranted, though with the goal of trying to gain entrance to Watson’s cabin to investigate. I shall observe his behavior over the next few days and determine his patterns and routines. This way, I can predict when he will be absent from his home, decreasing the chances that I might anger him with my invasion. Though he struck me as merely a disgruntled, albeit aesthetically pleasing, hermit, there is too much evidence related to him to ignore without further data.
As I enter his room, I am logically aware that the sight I receive won’t be pleasant, yet my mental preparation is nothing compared to the intensity of seeing Sherlock
It’s a trick. They aren’t there, something was missed,” he rambles while he paces the flat, hands gesticulating wildly around him and hair flopping around on his head while he spins on his heels.
Another rush of crippling pain shoots into my back, arcing down my legs with a horrific spasm. I’m gasping, choking on my own saliva as Charles kicks me a few more times in my lower back, the point of his shoe colliding with my kidneys. He pauses to laugh with Moran as a guttural, pained cry erupts from me, ending on a sob as I choke back tears.
“Ta,” John calls from the living room, sounding relaxed and content. After pulling down our teacups, I turn to watch him as he restarts the playlist and practices the steps on his own, his back to me. He raises his hands and begins stepping around the room with an imaginary partner. (Mary.) As he turns, however, I notice the height at which he has his arms--much too high for Mary’s waist. Much too high for
His words settle thickly in my head, lacking meaning until some part of me realizes what he said. It can’t be right, though. There’s no way. He can’t be asking me--
Moran was different. Different from Charles, different from Moriarty, different from every criminal we’ve ever come into contact with. They all
Mycroft is wincing at the pain in his arm, keeping himself as still as he can like prey in the sight of a predator. If I push, just a touch more pressure, a twist this way or that, his shoulder will come out of the socket. The allure of causing him to suffer is delicious, calling me to it like a junkie to his next hit.
Regardless, I do believe I have garnered the cause of the man Anderson’s disappearance. He was hunting something that outmatched and outwitted him, and it led to his doom.
He wondered if Mycroft was cold, then reasoned that the cat's thick fur and hefty midsection would keep him warm enough.
Without warning, John crumpled to the ground, his legs numb and disabled. His entire body tingled as he curled in on himself, willing the disorienting feeling to subside quickly. A wave of nausea passed through him, and he squeezed his eyes shut to stop the way the forest spun around him. Clutching his stomach with one hand, he punched the ground with the other as if he could force his body to comply through intimidation. So much for the false bravado.
. I swallow, confident that the entire hospital hears it, and finally bring myself to give a curt, firm nod.
“John,” I begin, reaching towards him but letting my hand fall short as he shoots a tense glare my way. His eyes follow my hand, brows furrowing as he stares at it on the seat.
He could see the wheels turning in the man’s head as he considered the request, eyes unblinking until he finally nodded. “Sherlock,” he murmured.
Reality resumes around us and I approach the receptionist’s desk again, forcing a polite smile. “I would like to see a doctor, please. As you can see, I had an…,” I pause, glancing at Mycroft.
The lactic acid settles in my muscles, making them ache from such exertion. The adrenaline, however, continues to make my heart race, and I feel an intense desire to look again towards my companion. I want to see if he’s recreating his expression from the restaurant. I need to know whether he is still interested in me after such
“Hey, slow down. You were just shot,” he chides as he places his hands on my shoulders, stepping between my knees. Our eyes are nearly level like this, our bodies so close I can feel the warmth from his skin and his breath on my face. His scent wafts over me, some of it familiar and some of it wrong with the addition of the new medication regimen and the recent trauma to his body. I shift my focus to the more comforting aspects of him--his firm, strong hands settled on my shoulders, the feeling of his powerful legs between my thighs (barely touching, yet electrifying), and the way he leans unconsciously towards me, swaying on the balls of his feet. The soft pink of his tongue darting out between his lips nearly makes me moan, my breath catching in my throat.
